A few days had passed since Alexis had her first one night stand. She had broken up with Josh, doing it while masturbating and telling him that she had a one night stand and she was going to get herself off thinking about it. It drove him mad, which was her intent.
Ashley had asked Alexis about her walk of shame experience. Alexis had to admit that she had enjoyed it, and even told Ashley the story about how she had posed willingly for the guy taking pictures. The girls had agreed to meet up after dinner at Ashley's dorm room, an odd place for a girl with an off campus apartment to be seen, but Ashley had a plan.
Ashley showed up wearing one of her belly baring tops as usual, and knocked on Alexis' door.
"Hi Ashley!," she said. "What are you wearing? It's November!"
"Yeah, I just can't help myself," said Ashley, smiling as she walked into the room. "You know how you got excited when the guys were staring at you the other day - well, wear stuff like this and you get to feel that way all the time. We need to pick you out some new clothes!"
"Yeah, that sounds fun," said Alexis, already liking Ashley's idea. While she wasn't completely comfortable wearing skimpy clothes like Ashley seemed to be, her confidence had grown as a result of her walk of shame a few days ago, and she was more trusting that Ashley knew what she was talking about and knew how to have fun.
"Here, let's have a look at what you have now," Ashley said, opening Alexis' closet. "Hmm. Not much really." It was true. Alexis had never really tried to wear revealing clothing before, usually going for the cute but clothed look. "We'll have to fix that soon. Here, try on my top and see what you think," Ashley said, removing her top. It was little more than half a shirt, it was low-cut and showed about six inches of bare stomach. She tossed it to Alexis and motioned for her to put it on.
"No, leave it open," said Ashley, smiling. She had seen Alexis move to close the open blinds on the one window in the room.
"Ashley, you have on just a bra and I'm going to take my shirt off. There is another building over across the sidewalk and everyone can see right in here," said Alexis.
"I know. Let's have a little fun with it, ok?" Ashley smiled again. Alexis wasn't so sure. "Here," said Ashley, sensing her sister's resentment. "Let me help you." Ashley slowly walked over to Alexis, who reluctantly raised her arms and allowed Ashley to pull her loose T-shirt over her head. "You have a sexy body, Alexis. You aren't going to have any fun if you are the only one that gets to enjoy it."
Alexis gulped. Looking across at rhe other building, she must have been within sight of a dozen or so rooms in the other building. She wasn't sure whether she was excited or whether she was afraid standing there in her bra. All of the sudden, she noticed a guy looking directly at her, not breaking his gaze as he eyed her body. She stood there, motionless, aroused by his attention, but too scared to move.
After several long seconds, he shifted his stare slightly to Alexis' left. She watched for a few seconds as he appeared to be looking at something else. Turning to look, she saw that Ashley had removed her bra and was giving the guy a good, long look at her bare breasts.
"Ashley!" She exclaimed. "There's a guy over there staring at you!" But looking it her sister, it was clear to Alexis that she already knew. She was fondling her own breasts, watching with excitement as the guy took the show in one stroke at a time. Alexis watched as Ashley blew him a kiss, and then turned to her and began to speak.
"You wanted to have some fun? Well it's your turn. Go on. "It's not like you're having sex with him or anything." Alexis swallowed again out of anxiety. She sort of liked the idea, in a way. It was certainly arousing, it was just not like anything she had ever done to let a complete stranger ogle her naked breasts - and to intentionally give him a show.
As she stood there, having these thoughts, she felt Ashley unhook her bra. Alexis did not fight her as she slipped the straps over her shoulders and sent the bra tumbling to the floor. She watched as the guy took in the show, smiling, giving both topless girls a thumbs up as he watched.
Alexis heard a zipper, and turned to her side, bewildered to see Ashley removing her jeans. She was equally stunned to see her sister slip off her jeans and panties together and walk up to the window and press her perky tits against the glass, hardening them against the cold window, before lifting her leg and giving him a view of her shaven pussy. She touched herself, rubbing her slit for him, before turning around to give him a view of her ass as she walked away.
"Wow," said Alexis. "Just - wow."
"You know who's next," said Ashley. Alexis didn't have to be helped along this time. She quickly removed her yoga pants and her panties, offering the guy the same view her sister had just offered. She likewise pressed her nipples against the glass, stopping to see that her audience had grown to three guys now at the same window. She fondled her breasts, becoming more aroused as she turned around and gave her ass a shake before she turned to face them again, hiked up her leg and teased her pussybwirh her fingers. Alexis was blushing, but smiling now too. It was clear that she was enjoying her performance.
"Horny yet?" Asked Ashley.
"Oh, yeah, Ashley, this is awesome!"
"Do you want to touch yourself?"
"Yes!"
"I'll give you an out this time, just this once. I say we hit the showers, we can do our thing in there in private, and then we can focus on getting you some new clothes, what do you think?"
Alexis nodded in agreement as she grabbed her bathrobe. Ashley only grabbed a towel as she opened up the door and let Alexis lead the way to the bathroom. The building did not offer private bathrooms, so all the girls on the floor shared the same one. Her floor was girls-only, although there were guys' floors in the building and sometimes guys could be found hanging out in the girls' rooms and vice versa. Yet, Alexis was a little surprised to see two guys walking down the hall as the girls made their way to the shower, Alexis holding a container with shower supplies.
Just a moment later, Ashley pulled on Alexis' bathrobe, opening one side up and exposing Alexis' right breast to the guys.
"Ashley!" She screamed. The guys were looking right at them, stopped dead in their tracks. But Ashley was one step ahead of her, having loosened her towel to give the guys a full view of her breasts. She took the towel completely off, throwing it over her shoulder and smiling at the guys, leaving them open-mouthed as they watched the girls disappear into the girls' bathroom, disappointed that they had gone somewhere where they could not follow.
"Ok, that was actually kinda hot," said Alexis as the girls chose shower stalls that were next to one another.
"I thought you might like that," said Ashley.
"Yeah I mean it seems like I need some encouragement but once I get going I get turned on and I want more."
"Good, so now that we're both good and horny lets turn this water on and do what we came here to do." Ashley, already in the shower, turned on the water, letting the warm liquid stream down her face and body. Alexis soon followed, hanging her robe outside the shower after stepping inside and removing it, and turning the water on. Soon her fingers were buried deep in her pussy.
Alexis tried to keep quiet. She was still a little shy to masturbate in a dormitory shower and let others hear her. After a couple years of masturbating quietly in her bedroom at her parents' house, she had learned how to keep fairly quiet. Ashley, on the other hand, though she knew she could be quiet, refused, embracing the excitement and arousal that came with the possibility of being heard.
Soon Ashley had three fingers of one hand buried in her pussy, and two of her other hand in her ass. "Ohhhh, yes!" She moaned loudly. "That was so fucking hot. Showing off our bodies like that. Didn't you like that, Alexis?" She said to her sister in the next stall. "Alexis?"
"Ohhhh, yes that was hot," she moaned just loud enough for Ashley to hear.
"Louder," said Ashley. "I know you want to moan and scream and tell the whole floor you've been giving those guys a show," she continued. "Ohhhh, yes! Yes! I love showing off my tits and my ass! Come on Alexis, say it."
"Ohhhh," Alexis moaned a little louder. "I love - I love - I love showing my body! She continued to get louder as she fucked her pussy with her fingers. "Ohhhh yes i love showing off! Look at my tits, guys!" As she said this, Alexis thought she heard someone open the main door to the bathroom, but she wasn't sure.
"Oh yes yes yes!" Alexis moaned loudly. Anyone in the room could have heard her by this point. "Yes, i want to show off some more in my sexy outfits and stand at the window and show the guys my tits! Ashley, promise me you will make me do this again, show off and experiment and take it up a notch! Ohhhhh yes!"
"I promise," said Ashley. "I promise I will show you everything I do and everything I know. Do you want to hear me cum, Alexis?" She asked.
"Yes, Ashley, I want to know how much showing your body off makes you cum!"
"Ohhhh yes, I love showing off my tits, and my ass and my pussy!" Ashley was almost screaming. "I love being an exposed little slut. I'm a slut, Alexis. A filthy nasty slut. It turns me on to say that. Do you know how much of a slut I am?"
"No, and don't tell me," said Alexis. "Don't tell me before I find out when I turn into one too," she said. As horny as she was, she knew if her sister opened up too much it might make her change her mind about experimenting and learning to enjoy her body - and she was enjoying herself far too much to want to change her mind. No, she wanted Ashley to show her every depraved thing she could think of, and to learn what a slut she was bit by bit as she slowly embraced a lifestyle filled with exhibitionism and casual sex.
"Ohhhh, yes, Alexis, I'm cumming! I'm cumming with two fingers in my ass and three in my pussy! Yes! I just flashed five guys and it made me so fucking hot and horny and now I'm such a slut I'm fucking myself in a dorm bathroom. Ohhhhh fuck yes!" Ashley had her back to the shower wall as she came, and as filthy as the floor might have been, she took her fingers out of her ass and slid down the wall onto the floor as she came, shaking hard. "You're next," said Ashley.
"Oh, yes," said Alexis. "I know this is weird but hearing you cum really turned me on! I want to feel that too - I want to - I want to show off more, Ashley - to wear slutty clothes. Not sexy but slutty! And to show - show my tits and my pussy to those guys!" Alexis, not wanting to sit on the floor in the shower, had instead lifted her foot up and placed her knee in the corner of the shower wall to get better access to her pussy as she furiously fingered herself.
"Oh, yes, oh, oh, ohhhhhh!" Alexis moaned. She came hard, the pure raunchiness of what she had done, showing her naked body to some strange guys, filling her with pleasure that she could not explain, and the thrill of masturbating in a dormitory shower in a shared bathroom just adding to her excitement. She came hard, and as she calmed down, she spoke not a word as she turned the water off, humiliated but satisfied.
"Ashley?" She said, but nobody answered. "Hello?" Alexis reached for her bathrobe, around the shower curtain, but did not feel it there. She opened the curtain part way, making sure to cover her tits with the curtain as she poked her head to the other side to look for the robe, but it was nowhere in sight. Some bitch had taken it! "Ashley, this isn't funny!" She said, not at all amused.
Alexis had a decently good idea what had happened - Ashley had taken the robe thinking she would get a thrill out of being forced to walk back to her room in the nude. Alexis contemplated her predicament for a moment - she could try walking back nude or she could try to rip down the shower curtain and use it to cover herself, or maybe wait there for someone to come in that might be nice enough to offer some assistance - those were really her only options. She waited for perhaps three or four minutes, her heart racing, as she tried to decide what to do.
As her heart raced, Alexis grew not only more impatient, but also more aroused by the situation. She could feel the urge to show off again all of the sudden. Hesitantly, she opened up the shower curtain and stepped out, naked, into the main area of the bathroom. Grabbing her shower kit, she covered her breasts with her free hand as she opened up the door, anxiously wondering what, or who, might be in the hallway.
Thankfully, nobody was there. Alexis breathed a sigh of relief as she scurried the few dozen steps back to her room, where she found the door locked. "Ashley! Ashley open up!" She screamed at the door, banging with her free hand and letting her tits fall out, exposed. "Ashley!"
All of the sudden she heard a voice. "Is everything ok?" It was the girl from the next room, who had opened up her door to see what the commotion was about. Alexis looked back at her, naked, shocked. She froze; her heart almost stopped. She had never been more humiliated in her life, standing there completely naked in front of a girl she barely knew who was less than ten feet from her.
"Yeah - I - I was just - " Alexis stammered, fumbling for an explanation. "Someone - my robe, it's missing - I was in the shower," Alexis explained.
"Do you want a towel or something?" Said the girl. "I could go get a spare key for you downstairs." At that exact moment, Ashley opened up the door and stepped into the hallway while Alexis rushed inside.
"Sorry, I was naked," said Ashley, loud enough for both girls to hear. She certainly looked like it - she was wearing only a towel that barely covered anything at all.
"You're ok now?" Said the neighbor.
"Yeah, it's all good, thanks," said Ashley. She disappeared back into Alexis' room, closing the door behind her. She looked at Alexis, grinning wide.
"Ashley! What's wrong with you! YOU were naked? My neighbor just saw me naked! I could have been seen by anyone walking through the hallway!" The words themselves seemed angry, but the tone was not. It was more shock than anger.
"Just thought you might want a little more fun," said Ashley. "Did you have fun?"
"Well that was humiliating, and yeah, kinda fun," Alexis admitted reluctantly. She was starting to wonder what sort of crazy thing Ashley would talk her into next.
"See?" Said Ashley. "You've really started to learn to let loose a little."
"Yeah, I guess so," said Alexis, laughing.
"Well, you certainly seemed to enjoy listening to me pleasure myself," said Ashley with a smirk. Alexis' face turned bright red again.
"Yeah - yeah, I did," said Alexis, pausing for a moment to collect herself. "I never thought I would find listening to another girl masturbate and hearing her cum so hot, but that was really hot. Is it weird to say that, since we're sisters and everything?"
"Damn, lighten up," said Ashley, giggling. "It's not like we fucked each other! We didn't even watch each other."
"Well yeah, but you did like - you did turn me on. And it makes me feel a little weird, I don't know."
"Relax, Alexis. It's ok. If it helps at all, you turned me on too, showing off for those guys and fucking yourself in the shower and that. It's ok. Yeah, we're sisters, but like I said, we didn't touch each other or even see each other do it." Alexis looked relieved to hear Ashley say everything was OK. Yet, in a way, she couldn't help but feel as if they had crossed some sore of line. But if Ashley was OK with what they had done, she was OK with it too. It had been really sexy, anyway, and Alexis wouldn't have minded doing it again.
"Here, how about this," said Ashley. "Saturday, we go to the mall, get you a couple sexy - I mean, to use your word, slutty outfits, and then we walk around and show you off a little bit and then we'll have a few drinks and I'll take you to a club. Sound good?"
"Yeah, it does," said Alexis. She was eager to try anything Ashley had in mind as long as it didn't involve actually having sex with someone. And she really wanted to get a couple outfits like the ones Ashley had - showing her bare stomach and long legs and letting her tits flop out - well maybe not flop out. They weren't really quite big enough to flop anywhere.
Ashley said she hoped Alexis had a good time, and after the sisters put their clothes back on, Ashley said goodbye and left. She walked out with her little half shirt on, eager for the attention she was about to get as she walked through campus in the cool November air.
Saturday couldn't come fast enough for Alexis. She had decided to wear the only top she had which was anything resembling revealing. It was a tank top like girls usually wear in the summer, or under another top, and it showed about two inches of her stomach. Better than mine, she thought. She put on a pair of jeans - it was November after all - and walked to Ashley's apartment where she was waiting.
Ashley, never failing to wear less clothing, had on a sweater that was cropped about halfway between her tits and belly button. Her navel piercing drew in attention between her top and her low-rise jeans. As she opened the door for Alexis, she could see that a hint of her thong was showing above the top of her jeans. Alexis, in spite of jerself, wondered if that was intentional.
"Ready to go?" Ashley asked. Alexis just nodded, and the girls walked to Ashley's car. They made small talk during the trip to the mall, except for once when Alexis asked Ashley what sort of clothes she should get. "Just wait," she had said.
The girls didn't shop long. They didn't have to. Ashley brought her sister to a store with thousands of choices for tops, half of hem or so showing her stomach in one form or another. Taking her time, Ashley picked out a few tops for her sister to try on, and a pair of shorts and a skirt. The girls went into the fitting room together, and Ashley watched as Alexis tried on the clothes.
The first skirt was denim, low-rise, and barely covered her ass. Alexis put that on with a black top that was really just a spaghetti- strapped tank top that was low-cut to directly between her tits, just a shade under her nipples, in a "v" shape. The main portion of the top only extended about four inches from the bottom of the "v", before it broke off into about four straps that tied around Alexis' midriff.
"Wow, you look sexy!" Said Ashley. "That one is a keeper." Alexis smiled and put on the next top. It was green and boxy-looking, and a little looser at the sides than the last one. Alexis soon discovered as she looked in the mirror that that design just allowed it to ride up more when she moved her arms. It was green, and loosely fell halfway between her tits and navel, and was loose at the bottom and cut with a round neck and like a t-shirt with no sleeves at the top. Alexis smiled, knowing that she would be showing skin in that one too.
She took the shirt off and handed it to Ashley, who put it in the "buy" pile. Alexis tried on three more tops - one was a sleeveless white top that tied in the front and was low-cut and didn't cover anything below her tits, sort of like a schoolgirl shirt with a deep v-neck instead of buttons and no sleeves. It almost looked like a bikini top on the front, it covered so little, and in the back it covered the top half only. She tried on a lace top that had a built in bra - it was really just a cropped lace spaghetti strap camisole that fell about two inches above her navel, and that most girls would have worn something over. Finally she tried on the second skirt, a black spandex mini skirt that barely covered her ass, and the last top.
The last top had a lace-up front, like a corset, with about two inches between the sides that were laced together. Alexis could see lots of cleavage, even though her tits weren't all that big. It had straps a little less than an inch wide, and ended abruptly a couple inches below her tits. She smiled again, and put on the clothes she had worn into the store.
The girls made their way to the checkout line, and thankfully for Alexis, Ashley helped her cover the cost of her purchases. The girls made their way out of the mall and to Ashley's car.
"Ok, now, we're going to have some fun. Put on that denim mini skirt and the white top that ties in front," said Ashley once the girls were inside.
"What, you mean here?" Said Alexis. "In the mall parking lot where anyone can see?"
"Yep," said Alexis, smiling and waiting.
"You're crazy, Ashley!" Said Alexis, giggling. She did think it was a little crazy, but she took off her jeans and her top as Ashley started to drive away. Alexis quickly put on her new clothes, wanting to at least cover up a little. But Ashley had thought of another twist.
"Ok. Now take off your panties and your bra. You can put the bra on when we get back, but for now, no bra."
"This skirt is so short!" Alexis protested. "Too short for that!"
"Alexis! Do you want to be fun, and adventurous, or do you want to be boring? Do you want to be old and married and wonder what it's like to ride around in a car with a short skirt and no panties, or do you want to find out now?" She smiled flirtatiously at Alexis.
Alexis shook her head and sighed. Then she did what she never thought she would do - she shifted her weight to her feet and back and reached up under her skirt, sliding off her panties as Ashley rolled to a stop at a red light. Alexis was certain someone could see up her skirt and she quickly pulled it down and looked at Ashley for a sign of approval.
"Ok, halfway there, now just get that bra off and we can really have some fun." Ashley, following her own cue, reached up her shirt behind her back and unhooked her bra. It was strapless and fell out of her top easily, and she tossed it in the back seat, the outline of her nipples clearly visible through her top. Now it was Alexis' turn. She had a tougher go of it, having to pull her bra straps out of her top over her shoulders and pull her arms through them after unhooking the bra behind her back, before finally pulling it out from beneath her top. But when she was finished, both girls were braless and had on no panties - Ashley, in fact, hadn't been wearing any the entire time.
"Want to make this even more fun?" Said Ashley.
"Sure," Alexis said, excited and now a little aroused at the exposure she was feeling, even though nobody could really see her.
"OK, let's play a game. Every time a new song comes on the radio, if it's a male singer, we get our tits out for ten seconds. If it's a female singer, we lift our skirts up and show our pussies for ten seconds. And every time the car stops, we lift our skirts up and finger ourselves until we start going again. Sound like fun?" She looked at Alexis, again with a flirty look, as if she were trying to seduce her. In a way, she was, but to go along with her game rather than to get her into bed. They were sisters, after all.
Ashley turned down a different street than Alexis expected just as a song by a male vocalist came on. "Tits!" Shouted Ashley, and with her free hand, she lifted her shirt to expose her perky breasts. She looked over at Alexis, waiting on her to follow suit. Nervously, Alexis untied her top and held the sides far apart, letting her tits jiggle with the bounce of the car tires on the cracked pavement. Ashley began to dance in place, jiggling her tits and drawing attention from anyone who might have been near. This drove Alexis wild for some reason she couldn't fully understand. Her sister was really acting like a slut, and it was turning her on.
The ten seconds were soon over, but soon the car pulled to a stop at a stoplight. Ashley hiked her skirt up, and even reached over and pulled Alexis' skirt up, and then turned her attention back to her own pussy.
"Ahhhh," moaned Ashley as she slid two fingers into her wet pussy. "Fuck, I love doing this!" Alexis, too horny to care anymore, slowly slid two fingers into her pussy. She gently fucked herself while Ashley did so more roughly, and the moment seemed to last forever until the light turned green and the car began to move. The girls were both horny as hell at that point, and they laughed together as they adjusted their skirts and continued on their way.
"You're lucky we were on a two lane street the first time," Ashley said. "On the other hand, it's really hot when some pervert watches you do that from the next car." Alexis noticed that the two-lane street had become a four-lane, and wondered who the pervert would be that would get a good look at her fingerling herself next time they stopped. She was a little anxious, but mostly she couldn't wait for that moment.
Another song by a male vocalist came on, and the girls got their tits out again. This time, Alexis joined in the shaking, and the flirting, and the smiling, and the girls laughed as the ten seconds went by more quickly and Alexis tied her top together again and Ashley pulled hers down to barely cover herself. They were too excited to notice if anyone has seen them.
Either it was a short song, or the girls drove on for a while before coming to another red light, because the next thing that happened, a song with a female singer came on. Ashley let her foot off the gas to stretch and hike up her skirt, and she looked over to see that Alexis had actually beaten her to it this time. A few seconds passed, and they came to a red light again before they had a chance to put their skirts down. They looked at each other again, smiling and laughing, and simultaneously began to finger themselves. The light turned green, and Alexis looked over to her right just in time to see an older guy in a truck looking down at her, watching her intently. A little flustered, Alexis waved at him, laughing, and turned bright red.
"Oh my god, that guy was old! Like, old enough to be my grandpa probably, and he was like, watching me, looking right at my pussy!" She got a thrill out of it, actually, even though he was much older and she didn't find him the least bit attractive. It was just the naughtiness of the whole thing that aroused her.
Not long afterward, another song with a male singer came on, and the girls laughed as they flashed their tits again. A car honked at them, and the girls looked over to see a car with a few guys about their own age, clapping and cheering and whistling. Now that really turned Alexis on, and Ashley too. Ten seconds passed, and the guys were still watching them. Alexis looked over at Ashley for the signal to cover up, but Ashley was in no hurry. She just left her tits hanging out, her top pulled up around her neck, smiling and waving at the guys in the next car.
A dozen or so people passed in cars going the other way, and Ashley knew they were all getting a good look at her too, but she loved it. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw the embarrassed but clearly aroused Alexis, enjoying herself, but not too much to start to tie her top again and try to cover up her tits. Ashley reached over and pulled the top open again, and the guys clearly liked what they saw.
"Ashley! Oh my god, they got a good look, OK?" Said Alexis, struggling to find the edges of the tie of her top, her tits hanging out in plain view.
"You seem like you really like it," said Ashley, again using her flirty voice. "Maybe we should just, you know, give them a show for a while."
"Ashley! Are you serious!?"
"How about this - I will leave my tits out if you will - until we get back to school. Deal?"
Alexis wasn't too sure. It was sexy, sure, and arousing. But it was really slutty. She didn't want to be seen by anyone she knew, or, God forbid, get into trouble. She thought for a few seconds, leaving her tits out as she did, until the found a solution. She would challenge Ashley, up the ante. She would force her to either put up or shut up.
"Only if you take your top completely off and lift your skirt up," said Alexis.
Bad move. The top was quickly pulled over her head and thrown on Alexis' lap, and Alexis then threw it in the backseat, and the skirt lifted up to reveal Ashley's swollen pussy, horny from the excitement of showing off. She looked over at Alexis, smiling again.
"Is this good enough for you?" Alexis just stared, letting her top fall at her sides, defeated. "I never thought you'd ask!" She continued.
Alexis, for the rest of the ride, just sat in her seat, covering her eyes and her face with her hands. She was really loving it, knowing the guys were checking her out, egging her on, and knowing dozens of people passing the other direction and in cars they were passing could see her tits as clear as day. Yes, she was embarrassed, but she loved it too. She just didn't want to be recognized. Underneath her hands, though, she was smiling wide, even sneaking a glance at Ashley every once in a while. Ashley was smiling wide, too, sitting topless in her car as she drove through town in broad daylight. "My sister is a slut, for real," Alexis thought.
"Wow, this is so fucking hot," Alexis admitted as Ashley drove closer to the school. It was anybody's guess at that point how many people had seen their tits. The guys had disappeared somewhere, and the girls pulled into the parking lot at her apartment building. Alexis seemed to fasten her top back into place as soon as they were parked. For some reason, Ashley was taking her time about it.
Ashley actually got out of the car, heading to open the back door and retrieve her top to put it back on. A couple guys walking nearby noticed her and just stared at the topless girl, mouths open. She had seen them watching her, and even when she had retrieved the top out of the car, she really took her time putting it on, just letting the guys get as much of an eyeful as they wanted before bending over to get her bra out of the car, letting her skirt ride up and letting the guys see her ass and the fact that she didn't wear anything underneath it.
The guys were getting closer. Alexis had moved around to Ashley's side of the car now, watching threshold thing. Just then, Ashley popped her head up and, seeing that they guys had gotten closer, lifted up her shirt and flashed her tits again.
"Come on, Alexis," said Ashley. "Your turn. There's nobody around but these two. You see how much fun this is, right?"
"Don't you think enough people have seen my tits today?"
"Fine. But mine are hanging out until you get yours out." Ashley, true to her word, just left her top pulled up over her tits and let the guys look as much as they wanted. Alexis was disgusted, really. She had to stop Ashley before she got both of them into some kind of mess, and the only way to do that was to show her body to strangers. Ashley had won again. Alexis sighed, rolled her eyes at Ashley, and unfastened her top. The guys came closer, right up to the girls in fact.
"Hi, Ashley. Looking good as always," said the one on the left. "Who's your hot friend?"
"Hi, Tyler," Ashley said. "Just my sister Alexis. I'm teaching her how to have fun at college - you know, how to experiment and let loose."
"Well I'd like to let loose on her," Tyler said. "Alexis, would you like to experiment with me?"
"How about I just give you a feel?" Said Alexis, stunned that she offered that much.
"Damn, Ashley, your sister is just like you. Slutty piece of ass. Yeah, I'll take a feel, and if you're anything like Ashley, we'll all be seeing more of you. And getting a crack at you at a party or something." Alexis loosened her top again, and let it fall apart, her tits exposed for him. He cupped them with both hands, feeling her little perky nipples and even her stomach. She hated it, but she enjoyed it too. She didn't want to be a slut that gave random guys a feel of her tits and everything, but she really loved the attention and she was really getting horny again.
Finally he broke away. "I'll call you," Tyler said to Ashley."
"He's an ass," said Ashley after he was out of earshot. "But he's good in the sack."
"You actually let they douchebag fuck you?" Said Alexis.
"Yeah...he's good though. I don't think he'd be any good if he wasn't such a douchebag, either. I know that's weird but that's what it is." Alexis had finished putting her tits back into her shirt.
"Want to go for a walk?" Said Ashley.
"Sure," Alexis said. She walked next to Ashley, who led her to the middle of campus and sat down in a bench.
"Ok, now the fun part - spread your legs," said Ashley. "See if anybody gets a peek!" Alexis was just too horny to care anymore. She couldn't get out of her head how much of a slut her sister must be to let that asshole fuck her, and secretly, it turned her on a little. She thought maybe, in the right time or place, she would get turned on by having sex with someone like that, herself - just because she'd feel like a huge slut for doing it.
Alexis was starting to realize that when she was horny, she actually wanted to feel like a slut. It was why she had enjoyed showing off at the window and masturbating in the shower and flashing her tits all over town. Maybe she would enjoy being a slut for real too - letting herself just get used like a dumb whore. She would feel like shit for it afterward, but she would enjoy it in the moment.
In this moment, Alexis had no problem spreading her legs in her short skirt on a bench, letting guys peek up at her pussy. Guys started checking them out, too. Almost every guy that walked by looked somewhere on the girls' bodies - their stomachs or tits or up their skirts at their bare pussies.
Finally, after about fifteen minutes and maybe fifty guys walked by, Ashley had another idea. "I don't think they can really see much," she said. "The angle just isn't right. Want to sit somewhere else?"
Alexis stood up to follow Ashley to a new location. They wandered for a few minutes, trying to find a good spot. Guys, naturally, were whistling and staring at the girls, who had no intentions of covering up their mostly-exposed bodies. They both loved the attention, really. They felt like sluts, both of them, and Alexis even hoped they were calling her a slut in their minds and to their friends. She was such a horny mess.
Finally, Ashley found a spot, and sat down. It was on the sidewalk right next to a building. She sat down with her back against the wall and her knees up in the air, feet on the sidewalk, so that her knees pointed up at eye level of anyone who walked by. They would be able to see straight up their skirts, pussy and all! Alexis nervously sat down next to her sister, wondering what people would think of her, aroused by the idea, but not wanting anyone she knew well to see her like that.
"Having a good time?" Ashley asked. The girls sort of made small talk for a couple minutes, just pretending not to notice or care that their most intimate parts were exposed to anyone who walked by. A couple people walked past, then a couple more.
After a few more minutes and a few more people walked by, a pair of guys walked by. One of them looked straight into the girls' skirts, and his mouth dropped open. They walked a few steps away and he practically punched his friend in the arm. He whispered a few words before the guys walked by a second time, now both looking right at first Alexis' pussy, and then Ashley's. Alexis froze; Ashley waved seductively. They walked away, having just had a moment they wouldn't soon forget.
"Oh my god, Ashley, they looked right at us!" Whispered Alexis.
"Yeah, that was awesome. They wanted it."
"Yeah. I feel so dirty! And - and -"
"Horny?" Said Ashley. "Don't lie, I know you're loving this!"
"Yeah - yeah, I am," admitted Alexis.
He girls continued to sit there, pussies on display. Every once in a while a girl would give them a dirty look, wrinkled face and "you slut" stare down. Every once in a while a guy's eyes would practically pop out of his head. Alexis counted the number of people she knew got a good look at her pussy. First it was two, then three, then five and then eight and nine. Every time she just got hornier. Ashley was loving it too, only it wasn't really anything new for her.
Another girl, by herself, walked by. "Ummm, you know everyone can see right up your skirt, right?" She asked. "You should like, close your legs or something, or at least put on panties." The humiliation just made Alexis want to touch herself. She normally would have been too embarrassed to like it, but in her current state, she was too aroused to care. She was starting to realize even more that she was turned on by humiliation - at least when she was already in the mood.
Ashley only added to the humiliation. "Yeah we know," she replied to the girl. "We kinda like it." The girl just gave them a weird look and walked away, and both girls could hear her mutter "what a couple of whores" under her breath. They looked at each other and smiled.
"You really want to touch yourself, don't you?" Said Ashley.
"Yeah..."
"I have an idea. How about we go back to your room? I have a surprise for you." Alexis stood up without a word and led Ashley to her room. As they walked, they basked in the attention they got from guys walking past. A couple of were making comments, too - comments like "hey, sexy!" And "hey there!" Nothing too serious, but enough that if the girls wanted a quick fuck they probably could have each had one. But Ashley had a more interesting way to try to ease Alexis into embracing her inner slut.
"So, like I said, I have a surprise for you," Ashley said again as they entered Alexis' room. She reached into her purse and pulled out a brand new dildo. It was nude-colored, around seven inches in length and no thicker than an average-sized penis. She handed it to Alexis.
"Wow, this is perfect for right now - I want to use it," said Alexis, smiling a filthy smile at her sister. Within seconds, she had it out of the package and ready.
"OK. Why don't you give those guys a show again, get yourself in the mood?" Ashley suggested, pointing out the window. Alexis did as she was told. Soon she wore nothing, and she was massaging her pussy, preparing to thrust her new toy inside.
Ashley pulled out her own dildo next. It was black, about eight inches in length, and a little wider than an average penis. "After you use one of those for a little bit, you stretch yourself out a little and then you get one of these," Ashley said, holding it up. She walked over to the window and started to suck on it in case anybody was watching. Pausing momentarily, she pulled a chair up next to the window and motioned for Alexis to sit, which she did, her pussy in full view.
There were already a couple guys watching, arousing Alexis more as she lubed up her new dildo with her spit and slowly thrust it into her pussy. "Ohhhh, this feels good," she moaned in a whisper. "And I'm being watched - this is so fucking hot!"
Ashley stripped quickly and pulled up a chair next to Alexis, facing her rather than the window. She wanted to watch her sister, the little slut she was slowly becoming, fuck herself for an audience, and she wanted to fuck herself while she watched. Ashley really was attracted to her sister - she would have made a pass at her if she thought it wouldn't have scared her away, thwarting her plans to turn her into a cock-craving, exhibitionist, pussy-licking, well-used slut. There would be a time for that, Ashley thought.
Just a few days ago, Alexis seemed a little put off by the idea of the two girls masturbating together, but tonight she seemed to embrace it. She watched as Ashley thrusted the larger dildo into her pussy, taking it like a champ. Secretly, Alexis wondered how many guys Ashley had slept with. Ten? No, had to be more than that. Thirty? Fifty? It sure did seem like she just let any guy with a dick have a night with her. A hundred?
As she thought of this, Alexis thrust her dildo into her pussy all the way. She couldn't explain it, but for some reason, she actually wanted her sister to be a slut, to be up closer to the hundred guys on the scale she had built in her mind. A hundred guys was just so fucking hot - so fucking slutty! She imagined Ashley sleeping with a different guy every week in a quest to get to that magic number, only to set a new goal for herself once she got there. She pulled her dildo out, thrusting it back in hard. Ashley watched, loving every second of the show she was getting.
"Ashley?" Moaned Alexis.
"Yeah, Alexis?" Her dildo was deep in her pussy.
"What do you - what do you think about - when you - "
"When I masturbate?"
"Yes."
"Lots of things," said Ashley. The girls continued to fuck themselves, moaning, as Ashley elaborated. "Sometimes I think about slutty things I have done, and a lot of the time I fantasize about slutty things I might do someday or even things that are so slutty I will probably never do them."
"Oh, God, that's hot! I want to hear about them," said Alexis. "I want you to tell me what you've done and what your fantasies are."
"Yeah? Will that help you fuck yourself? Help you cum?"
"Yes, god this is so wrong, but yes!"
"Ok. Well right now I'm thinking about a time I let three guys use me at the same time," said Ashley. "One in my mouth, one in my pussy, and one in my ass. I felt like such a dirty little slut, but it was amazing, so sexy!"
"Oh, oh, yessss!" Moaned Alexis as she fucked herself thinking about her slut of a sister. She hadn't even noticed that a couple more guys had joined at the window. "What else?" She asked.
"I want to be watched - to get fucked in front of a big room full of people, and to have them all call me a slut and cheer for me while i take it in every hole. Would you like to see that, Alexis?"
"Oh, fuck yessss!"
"And then sometimes, when I'm really good and horny, I want them all to take turns on me. Two or three at a time. Just keep fucking me, using me like a little whore, just - over, and over and over, until they've all had a turn."
"Oh, take those cocks, Ashley!"
"And sometimes I fantasize about girls too."
"Ashley! You little tramp!"
"I know," she said. "Not that often though." She was afraid if she kept going down that road, she would wind up scaring Alexis again. She didn't dare mention that she had eaten pussy several times already.
"And sometimes I fantasize about really dirty stuff - like being forced to seduce a professor to pass a class, or to have sex with a cop or a mechanic. And sometimes I fantasize about getting used by an old nasty guy."
"Wow, Ashley, that's nasty...but hot! So hot!"
"So I want to know about you too! What do you fantasize about? It'll help you cum to say it out loud, you know." Both girls were pounding their pushiest recklessly with the dildos, Ashley intently watching her sister pleasure herself and Alexis, eyes closed, lost in a world of fantasy where she was all of the sudden the new slut in town.
"I - I want to be watched. Watched by lots of people. I want them to watch me, ohhhh, watch me fuck myself!"
"I think that's already happening, sis," Ashley said, laughing. Alexis looked up to see that a full seven guys were now intently watching the show.
"Oh, God yesss! This is so hot! I want - I want them all to jack off to me and call me a slut behind my back. And I want them to go get more guys, more guys to watch me! And I want to show off in other places too - the mall, the pool - yessss! I want to lose my top at the pool, or the beach, and take a really long time to put it back on, and I want to flash a ton of guys at a party or at a club and I want one of them to take me home!"
"And what do you want him to do to you?"
"I want him to take my clothes off and fuck me, rough and hard and call me nasty names! And I want him, ohhhh, I want him to cum in my mouth!"
"And what if he wants to fuck your ass?"
"Oh, yessss! I want him to take my anal virginity, and I want it to hurt a little, and I want to just be a slut and give it to him! Ohhhhh! I want to get fucked hard in the ass!"
"And do you want just one guy?"
"No, I want more. More! I want two guys! I want one in my mouth and one in my ass. Ohhhhh! Yes! And I want them to use me, ohhhh use me! And not just one night! I want to fuck a different - a different guy - or two guys, ohhhh, every weekend! I want to fuck as many guys as you Ashley! I want to taste pussy, ohhhh! I want to be a slut! I want to be a slut and I want everyone to watch me!
Alexis bucked her hips, convulsing as she came as hard as she ever had in her life. The onlookers had swelled to about a dozen, and Alexis couldn't have been more turned on by the fact that she was putting on a show. The fact that she had gotten off thinking about her sister - her own sister! And confessed all her slutty fantasies to her - just made it even better. She continued to shake and spasm, moaning heavily, for what seemed like forever. She was in absolute heaven, all because she was turning into a slut.
Ashley continued to watch, aroused herself by Alexis' performance. She furiously fucked her pussy, and as soon as Alexis finished shaking and moaning, the erotic display and the dirty talk sent her over the edge as well. She lifted her legs up high, talking dirty as she fucked herself like never before.
"You'll never fuck as many guys as me, Alexis. Not in your dreams! I'll fuck thousands! I'm a huge slut and I will always be the slut - slut! I will lick pussy and ass and I will do anything to be a slut, ohhhhh!" She convulsed just as hard as Alexis had, rocking in her hair with her legs high, shaking hard as Alexis watched her with delight. Neither girl seemed to care anymore that they were sisters using each others' slutty behavior and fantasies to arouse and please themselves and each other.
Alexis turned her attention back to the window, noticing that she still had an audience. She waved, still aroused and loving the attention. Ashley just looked at her and smiled. She was soon licking her juices off her dildo, prompting Alexis to follow suit, much to the delight of her audience.
"Ok, enough for tonight," Ashley said. She closed the curtains, allowing the girls to relax and breathe. They just looked at each other and laughed, neither wanting to readily admit that, while it felt a little wrong in a way to be aroused by her sister, it was equally hot. Ashley broke the silence first.
"So, did you have fun today?"
"Yeah, definitely. I think I might see what you mean by experimenting and stuff, you know. As long as it's all in good fun."
"Yeah. Hey, I know I mentioned going out tonight before, but my plans changed. I'm thinking about going out to a club next weekend though, want to come along?"
"Do I get to wear something sexy?"
"Obviously! Is someone turning into a little attention whore?"
"Maybe," responded Alexis, a flirt in her tone.
"Good. I'll let you know the details this week." With that, Ashley put her skirt and her top back on and said goodbye, knowing her plan to turn Alexis into a slut was well under way.