Author's note: This series was started by a fellow Literotica writer: JASMINETANME. Do check her stories out if you haven't read it as this is a continuation from where it was left off, it's hot and spicy! She is my inspiration, my motivation, and I am her fangirl, andwith her blessing, this is my execution. Enjoy~
----
Chapter 14:
"Ah! O-Owen?" I was in shock as my husband ran towards me.
"What the fuck is this?" Owen shouted at me.
An hour later, we were sitting at home and I had told Owen everything. The blackmail, the rape, everything.
A little recap: I was a proud, arrogant, confident and over-achieving woman. Nicolette and I go way back since school and I was always being a bitch to her. One day she had enough of me and orchestrated my rape with video evidence of me moaning happily. Ever since then, I had to be Nicolette's slave or had my sex videos exposed to my husband Owen, family, and internet.
"Let's go to the police!" Owen said but I grabbed his arm.
"N-No please! Please don't! There's nothing you can do! Please! I am a slave to Nico..." I cried softly.
Owen and I kissed as I continued to cry until the door bell rang. Both of us jumped and Owen went to the door to see Nicolette and 3 other men.
"The fuck you want?" Owen said.
"Oh is this the attitude you have for me? I guess I'll be selling the blonde slut video after all!" Nico said and I stood up.
"N-No please! I've done everything you asked, M-Ma'am..." I begged. I could see Owen's sad face as he came to me and hugged me.
Nico and 3 other men walked into Owen and my house like they owned it and sat on our couch. The men had their boots on the table. Owen remained standing while I quickly knelt down in front of them with my hands on top of my head and my legs a foot apart.
"So you've told your beloved husband about what happened. Yes?" Nico asked.
"Y-Yes Ma'am... I'm sorry...." I replied.
"Oh you will be! From now onwards, you will always be completely naked! No more clothes for you whatsoever! Be it indoors or outdoors!"
"P-Public? I can't do that! How can I even..." One of the 3 men stood up and slapped my face before Owen pushed him away.
"Owen my dear, are you sure you want to be violent with us? We have your video with April you know. Do you understand?" Nico said and I saw Owen backing off.
"Isn't April your ex? What did Ma'am mean by that, Owen?" I asked.
"THAT IS NONE OF YOUR BUSINESS, YOU SLUT!!" Owen shouted at me and I apologized. "I... I'm sorry, Sir..."
"What the fuck do you want with me?" Owen asked Nico.
"Well.. It's simple. You're married to a horny slut which is also my slave. I want you to watch your wife having sex with other men while you have Sex with me!" Nico said and I had to process with she just said.
"Sex with you? Why?" Owen asked.
"Because you're a handsome man! What other reason you need?" Nico said confidently.
"So you're also a slut?" Owen asked.
"Careful sweetheart. You wouldn't want April to show up in the television, yes?" Nico said.
"Fine. Let's get this done and over with." Owen said.
Did Owen had sex with his ex? I wouldn't mind. Really. I love Owen and I didn't want to lose him! Ever!
Nicolette removed her panties and spread her legs. "Get over here and fuck me, Owen."
I saw Owen taking off his pants and underwear, walking towards Nico. "N-No... NO!!! Stop this!!" I screamed but the 3 men slapped my face and pushed me to the ground. Manhandling me and having sex with me.
I watched in tears as Owen came inside Nicolette's pussy while I got creamed in my mouth, pussy and face.
"See ya. I'll come back soon to pick you up for work. Aren't I the best ever?" Nico said and laughed.
"Y-Yes Ma'am. You're the best. T-Thank you..." I started to cry in defeat while Nicolette and the rest left my home.
"O-Owen... I..."
Owen slapped my face. "Go away. Leave me alone, you slut! I hate you!"
Owen stomped off to his bedroom and I cried on the floor. It's all over......
----
I slept on the floor and cried myself to sleep until I sneezed from the cold. I got up and turned on the lamp as it was still dark. "Ah!" I screamed in shock when I saw someone sitting on the couch. It was Owen.
I knelt down on the floor and started crying again. "O-Owen.. I'm sorry. I didn't mean for any of this to happen. I.. I'm sorry....."
Owen patted my head but didn't say anything. He didn't need to. I missed his touches.
"Dear, I couldn't sleep all night so I went to look for you and found you here, sleeping and crying on the floor, naked." Owen said. "Nicolette had sent me the videos of you and you look so happy to be having sex with so many men. Including your own brother."
"N-No! Owen! That's not true! I-I didn't know! I really didn't! I..."
"Shhh... let me finish. I have to ask, do you really still love me after having sex with so many men? Because whether you're forced to have sex or not, you're clearly enjoying yourself."
"I... I love you, Owen, Sir.... Everything I did was because I didn't want to lose you... Please don't leave me... Please...." I cried out loud until Owen pulled my arm and hugged me.
"Don't worry. I'm still here, aren't I? I love you too. So stop crying..." Owen said and I felt so blessed to have him.
Things had returned back to normal, I was talking with Owen again and had sex with him... well not exactly back to normal. I had to be naked not only at home but also in public as a punishment for letting Owen know about my situation. I didn't know if the other option was better... But it's useless to think about it. I had to be naked in public! How could I get to work without a ride? I sold the car Owen gave to me for my boob job.
But there were more pressing matters. My homework. Owen was having a shower and getting ready for his work but I entered the bathroom. "D-Daddy..."
"Yes baby? What's up?" Owen smiled and said. It's nice that we could talk like we used to before I became Nicolette's slave.
"I... I need help with my homework... Can you... not go to work?"
"Of course baby. Actually I already called in sick and I have to go get a medical certificate for myself. But since it's still early, I can help you with your homework. Come join me."
I showered with Owen and it was Heaven. I missed his warm touches so much. His gropes on my boobs were so nurturing. Gentle at first and built up to intense. Not like how men usually treated me, rough at the start to end. I felt so loved by Owen.
After drying each other with a towel, Owen decided not to wear anything since I had to be naked. "You know Nicolette and possibly a lot of other women can see you naked right?" I asked.
"Yeah and I'm sure they love the view. I mean my cock is huge! Every woman loves this massive cock!" Owen said and we laughed.
We made our way to the living room and I gave him my homework. It was a visitation paper from Nicolette.
I saw Owen's face slowly getting distorted as he read on but soon became worried. "Is... Is this your homework, baby?"
"Y-Yes Daddy...." I said and looked down. I didn't want to see Owen's angry or disappointed face.
"Okay.. Let's see... You will be naked at all times, even in public. And now you will meet this man or woman in public and beg them to humiliate you. How about Adrain?" Owen asked.
"My ex boyfriend and good friend to you, Adrain? How could you even suggest him.. no.. wait.. you're okay with all of this? I'm meeting another man and begging him to humiliate me....." I said.
"Well obviously I'm not a hundred percent okay with this but you have to do this or ruin your brother's life, right?"
"Y-Yeah...."
"So we might as well try to enjoy this. Adrain is a Bastard. I know because he's also my friend. I'm sure he will love to humiliate you. And there's the ex boyfriend thing as well. You might as well fuck him too. I still couldn't quite wrap the idea of you having sex with other men but if it's someone I know, it's easier. Not like you have a choice anyway. Nicolette looked quite a bitch and will reject your homework if you suggest someone mediocre."
"D-Daddy.. you really put in so much thought into this... Thank you.... I really don't deserve this.... I don't deserve you..."
"Hey... you.. Baby! Look at me!"
I looked at Owen with tears flowing down my face and he slapped my face. It wasn't hard at all, it's a much weaker slap than anyone had ever given me.
"You have to do this. We don't have a choice. You understand that, right?"
"Yes Daddy.."
We kissed and I stopped crying.
Owen and I did my homework together, discussing what to write in. The end result was this:
Visitations:
Name: Adrian
5 reasons why he or she would be interested in humiliating Slut Jizzmine.
-He's my ex boyfriend.
-I refused to have sex with him multiple times in the past.
-My former schoolmate.
-He is good friends with Owen.
-I broke up with him after he tried to rape me in my sleep.
5 reasons why Slut Jizzmine will be very embarrassed by showing up naked to him or her.
-my ex boyfriend
-my former schoolmate
-I used to make him beg to get a look at my boobs.
-He's good friends with Owen.
-This time I will be begging him.
3 other people whom Slut Jizzmine will show her naked body to.
-Jeremy, Owen's brother.
-Thomas, my cousin.
-Jack, another ex boyfriend.
"Are... Are you... sure about Jeremy?" I asked.
"Yeah baby. I know him well. He's always flirting with ladies and no man would say no to a naked woman showing up in public. Especially if that naked woman is so beautiful like you, baby!"
We kissed again. I love Owen so much!
I broke off our kiss and stood up. Curling my hair behind my ear and said, "Shall I thank you for helping me with my homework, Daddy?"
Owen spread his legs, "Oh yeah baby. I've been waiting for this!"
I knelt down and kissed his massive cock, sucking the tip of it before swallowing it inside my mouth.
We continued to have sex on the couch again and again for hours.
The next morning, Nicolette drove by and entered my home without any warning. She must've duplicated my house keys without us knowing because when I came down after my shower and saw Nicolette on the couch, Owen was shouting at her.
"Get the fuck out of my house, and return those keys to me, now!" Owen shouted while standing.
"Are you sure you want to be so rude to me? I have the video of you and April you know.." Nicolette said while sitting.
"I don't care if you share the video with anyone! April is my cousin and I did had sex with her! We were both drunk and we were consensual! It was just one time!"
"Oh really? What do you think, Jizzmine?"
Owen looked at me and I could see his guilty face. "If... If Owen says he doesn't care then I don't care as well. G-Get out, Ma'am... Please..."
"I see. Owen may not care but you do care, don't you, slave?"
"I...." I quickly ran to Nicolette and knelt down in front of her. "P-Please don't share the video with anyone! Punish me instead! Please punish me, Ma'am!" I cried and begged. Owen just stood there, shocked on what to do.
"Hmmm... Am I that nice of a woman to be so forgiving for my slave's stupid mistakes or should I just expose your husband's cheating video along with your sexual adventures videos to the whole world?"
"P-Please Ma'am! You... You're a.. N-Nice and for.. for.. forgiving woman.."
"But your dickhead boytoy is still standing up and not kneeling like you!"
"P-Please forgive him, Ma'am... He... He is a man..."
"Oh? And? What?"
"He's a man so... He has the right to behave like this..."
"Well anyway I don't really care. Both of you are cheating on each other until now. Cheating married couple. Your punishment will be to meet up with 3 people on your first visitation. From what I can see from your little homework, you've selected Adrain, your ex boytoy. Tell him to bring 2 of his friends along, if he asks why, you will explain to him that you still love him and wants to show proof of your resolve for him."
"Y-Yes Ma'am."
"Repeat. What do you have to do?"
"Meet up with my ex boytoy with 2 of his friends. If he asks why, I will say I still love him and wants to show him how serious I am..."
"Well.. that's good enough for a Bimbo like you. Is your current boytoy going to lick my pussy or what? Do I have to beg him to? Since he's a man and all?"
"N-No Ma'am... I will beg him... P-Please leave it to me...."
"S-Sir... can you..."
"Yeah I got it!"
I watched on my knees with my legs apart and hands behind my head as Owen knelt on the couch, slid Nicolette's panties off and started licking her pussy until she orgasmed into his face. Even though I had sex with a lot of men behind Owen's back, seeing my husband licking another woman's pussy had me jealous. Plus it's Nicolette! That bitch!
----
Nicolette was kind enough to drive me to work and of course, I was completely naked.
"Don't make this a habit, Slut. I am giving you a lift today and only today because your little boytoy gave me a good orgasm earlier. He's so talented and handsome! You totally don't deserve him at all!" Nicolette said as she drove. I wasn't allowed a seat in the car, I had to be on all fours on the carpeted ground as the car drove.
"Y-Yes Ma'am. I don't deserve him.."
When we arrived at the bus stop near work, Nicolette said, "Alright get out. I hate to be seen with your naked ass. You can walk from here!"
"Y-Yes Ma'am..." I got out of the car and thankfully there wasn't anyone nearby.
I was completely naked, no clothes, no jewelry and barefooted. All I had with me was my purse in my left hand and my phone in my right hand.
It was only a minute walk from the bus stop to the workplace. But the bus stop was at the main roads and there were still cars driving by. I quickly hid myself in the bushes nearby, praying I wasn't seen by any of the cars.
I was on my hands and knees behind the bushes, motivating myself. "I can do this.. I can do this... just do it..."
Suddenly my hair got pulled backwards and I screamed in pain. A man spoke to me. "You can do what exactly?"
I bit my lips and started crying. It's my first time getting to work naked but even with Nicolette's kindness of sending me most of the way, I was caught. I was only a minute's walk away!
"P-Please Sir. Let me go! It hurts!!" I begged.
"Answer me, Slut. You can do what?" The man continued to pull my hair and there was nothing I could do. He's too strong!
"I.... I need to get to work... Sir."
"So you're going to work wearing absolutely nothing?"
"Y-Yes Sir."
"Wonderful. I'll leave you to it." The man finally let go of my hair and I crawled a little before turning back to see the man. To my horror, it was Aaron. One of Nicolette's Bosses.
"I'll see you later, Slut!" Aaron waved at me and I quickly got up and ran to work.
The security officers at the gate stopped me when I tried to run into the building. They took a good look at my naked body before verifying that I did indeed work here. "We have to do an inspection first."
"What? I mean.. what inspection, Sir?" I asked. Blushing in embarrassment and couldn't cover up my naked body in front of the 3 male security officers staring at me.
"We have to do an inspection for anyone that's suspicious."
"B-But I work here."
"Yeah, so? Come with us, now!"
The officers grabbed my arms and escorted me into the guard room. They had took my purse and phone away and told me to stand still as they went through my purse.
"Ji... Jizzmine? What the fuck kind of name is that? What? You're a mute? Answer the question!!" The officers pulled my hair and slapped my face.
"I.... My... My name is Jizzmine because I love men Jizzing into me... Sir."
The officers started laughing and I felt so humiliated. These security officers were only earning like a fifth of what I used to earn and now I'm completely naked in front of them.
"Alright, you do indeed work here. Now we will conduct our inspections. Hands above your head and spread your legs."
"Y-Yes Sir..."
The 2 fully clothed uniformed officers started to rub my naked body starting with my arms. 1 of them sat down and recorded me with his camera. My arms, ticklish armpits, waist, thighs and they spanked my butt! "Ah!"
"I said to be quiet, you stupid bitch!" I got slapped again.
"I... I'm sorry, Sir."
"Make another sound or move again and I'll call the police!"
The officers continued to spank my butt and I tried my best not to moan or move.
I started to cry silently when the officers suddenly grabbed my boobs! "These are really huge titties, Slut. I bet you allow men to massage them everyday for them to grow this big, you whore!"
I bit my lips hard as the officers continued to massage my boobs. Suddenly, they pinched and twisted my nipples and it took everything from me to keep quiet. But I couldn't stop my tears from flowing down.
"Alright. Time to get serious." The officers said and I only had a second to think what they meant until they slapped my wet pussy.
"Mm..."
The officers guided my chin and asked me. "Did you say something?"
I remained quiet.
"I guess not."
The officers continued to slap my wet pussy and eventually fingered my pussy. 2 officers had a few fingers each inside my pussy and I was way past my limits of not moving and moaning.
My legs started to tremble... I couldn't control myself!
"Why are your legs moving? Did I tell you to move? Looks like you want us to call the police!"
"P-Please no... Please Sir... I'll have Sex with all of you... everyday.... Please don't call the police...." I begged.
"And now she's talking. What a naughty girl you are!"
"Y-Yes Sir... I am a naughty girl.."
The officers started to laugh and I joined in and laughed with my tears still flowing down and my pussy leaking down my thighs.
Suddenly, the officers pulled my hair and slapped my face multiple times. "Be quiet, you slut."
The officers cable-tied my wrists behind my back before having their way with me. I got fucked on the floor by all of them and had to leave with my phone slid into my dirty pussy and biting onto my purse.
A lot of colleagues saw me naked. Everyone knew about me and enjoyed my naked body, especially the males. They would touch my naked body whenever they wanted to and there was nothing I could do even if I wanted to.
Despite being completely naked, I felt safer at work than in public, and after spending 2 hours in my favorite position in Nicolette's office while facing the window. Nicolette, Cindy, Sam, John, Tom, Aaron, Dominic and 3 other male interns came in.
The same 3 men from the other night where they had sex with me while I had to watch Owen had sex with Nicolette.
I had to kneel on the floor and bowed to each of them and greeted them, "Good morning Sir." "Good morning, Miss." "Good morning, Ma'am."
"I'm sure all of you know why you're here today." Nicolette said. "Jizzmine will have to do visitations while being naked all the time, even in public!"
I had to read out my visitation details to everyone as I knelt naked in the middle of Nicolette's office.
"My.. Visitations:
Name: Adrian and his 2 friends.
5 reasons why he would be interested in humiliating Slut Jizzmine.
1, He's my ex boyfriend.
2, I refused to have sex with him multiple times in the past.
3, My former schoolmate.
4, He is good friends with Owen.
5, I broke up with him after he tried to rape me in my sleep."
"That's because you refuse to have sex with him, prude!" Sam shouted and everyone laughed before I continued.
"5 reasons why Slut Jizzmine will be very embarrassed by showing up naked to him or her.
1, my ex boyfriend
2, my former schoolmate
3, I used to make him beg to get a look at my boobs.
4, He's good friends with Owen.
5, This time I will be begging him."
"That's right! You should beg him to have sex with you. That's only fair since you had him begging for you in the past! If you fail to have sex with him, your visitation is voided." Aaron said.
"3 other people whom Slut Jizzmine will show her naked body to.
1, Jeremy, Owen's brother.
2, Thomas, my cousin.
3, Jack, another ex boyfriend."
"The cousin is a little unsatisfactory, don't you think so, Nicolette?" Dominic said.
"Yes Sir. It's a little lackluster for a horny slut like Jizzmine. I'll remove it and replace it with her brother, Eddie." Nicolette said.
"The same brother from the videos?" Dominic asked.
"Yes Sir."
"That's so hot and dirty! Nice suggestion!"
Everyone laughed at my expense.
----
My face got slapped. I had to bow down and look up on my knees, "Thank you for disciplining this slave, Sir." I said to Aaron.
The other men and Cindy did the same to me.
"Make sure to clean up the mess with your tongue, slave!" Nicolette said as she walked out.
"Yes Ma'am!"
I had to do one thing for everyone present before they left. Most of them asked for blowjobs while the 3 interns asked for sex and they came inside my pussy. Cindy asked for her heels to be licked while Nicolette asked for her pussy to be licked. "Not as skillful as your husband, I see.."
I was too afraid to ask Nicolette to remove the cable ties behind my back for fear of being punished even further. I went to the security officers again and had to be fucked again before they told me to get lost. They wouldn't remove my cable ties no matter how much I begged. I walked back to Nicolette's office and saw the 3 interns using my phone.
I was 28 years old and those interns were like 20 or 21... "Oh hey baby! Is this your phone?"
"Y-Yes Sir..." Addressing younger men as Sir was so humiliating! "C-Can you return it to me?"
"And what will we get in return?" The interns asked.
"You can fuck me anytime you want, Sir."
"We have already fucked you. And aren't you already supposed to fuck anyone and everyone? Looks like your phone belongs to me now!"
"W-Wait... I.. I will do anything... Please just return my phone and tell me what to do, Sir..."
The interns laughed and said, "You're really a horny little slut, aren't you?"
"Y-Yes Sir.... I am... a... horny.. little.. Slut..."
"Here is what's going to happen. Once a week, you will hang out with us. If you're a good girl, we will choose a private place. If you're a naughty slut, we will choose a public place. Got it?"
"Y-Yes Sir..."
"Repeat what I said."
"Once a week, hang out with you.. Good girl equals private place. Naughty slut equals public place."
"Good. Here is your phone!" The interns pushed my phone into my wet pussy and walked away, laughing as I cried. My tears flowed down my face and it washed away any shred of dignity or respect I had for myself.