In high school I hadn't been considered a hottie or wild child so I didn't attract a lot of boyfriends. I had a tight petite body with unimpressive but perky b-cup breasts. My mom always told me "Big boobs aren't everything, Pam. You have a really cute butt." I agree with her but guys that age seemed to focus more on breasts than booty. My face was kind of cute but nothing exceptional. I like to think I looked nice but I was not the kind of girl who turned heads. The female to male ratio in my high school class was about 2:1 so I didn't always have a boyfriend. I think that is where my fascination with exhibitionism originated. For as long as I can remember I entertained myself with exhibitionist fantasies where boys lusted after my body. I lived in a small town where wagging tongues can ruin a girl's reputation so I was careful not to live out any of my crazy public fantasies. I was a closet exhibitionist for years before finally enjoying my first real experience. Yes, I know 'closet exhibitionist' is an oxymoron, but allow me to explain. I was always fascinated with the idea of exhibitionism, but my adolescent activities were limited to risk taking where I never actually got caught. Was it really exhibitionism if nobody ever saw me? My first opportunity to experience the fetish for real was during my freshman year in college.
All freshmen girls were housed in Burnett Hall which was a sprawling complex that took up almost an entire city block. I was fortunate to have a room in a wing that was across the street from Dommer Hall which was a co-ed dorm. Luckier still, my room was directly across from the male half of Dommer Hall. It was a perfect set up to do some window dressing.
Both of my roommates had jobs in the dorm cafeteria so I had a couple hours each evening when I had the room to myself while they were at work. In the winter it got dark early so by supper time it was easy to see into the room from across the street. My dorm room had three windows side by side to create one large window that was perfect for viewing into the room. (I've been told those were Chicago Style windows.) I toyed with and fantasized about the idea of window dressing for a few weeks before I actually tried it.
My first attempt was actually pretty tame. I wanted to show off but was paranoid about being identified so I tried to limit the size of my audience by only opening the curtains about a third of the way. By having the curtains only partially open it helped create the illusion that I had been careless in closing the curtains and my exposure was accidental.
My heart was racing before I even took anything off. I couldn't believe I was finally going to get to fulfill a fantasy. Since I wanted the exposure to appear accidental I didn't put on a big show. I simply undressed as I normally would. I stripped down to my bra and thong panties then moved about the room to collect my shower caddy and towel. I turned in profile to the window and removed my bra to reveal my small breasts briefly before turning my back to the window. I removed my panties to stand totally naked for a few seconds before wrapping a towel around myself, picking up my shower caddy, then leaving the room to go down the hall to the showers.
As tame and as quick as the strip show was, I was still exceptionally excited and aroused from what I had done. I didn't even know if anybody saw me, but I was still thrilled to have done something so daring.
I took a quick shower then wrapped in the towel to return to my room. Once inside the room I dropped the towel to again stand naked on display. I stepped into some panties then pretended to suddenly realize the curtains were partially open. In a mock panic I rushed to the window to close the curtains and end the show.
During the show I had avoided looking out the window so I could pretend didn't know the curtains were open. I only managed a few quick glances towards the window and I never actually saw anybody watching me. Still, it was an incredible turn on and I was so proud of myself for doing something so naughty. In my hometown I had a reputation for being a good girl so it was fun to experiment with a different persona. My roommates even considered me to be innocent and a bit naïve (I actually was) so the activity was very uncharacteristic of my public persona.
I survived the experience with no negative repercussions. Nobody seemed to have identified me, I didn't even know if anybody had seen me. I began to regret not prolonging the nudity longer and putting on a more salacious show. Over the course of the next couple of weeks I couldn't shake the thrilling experience from my head. I didn't obsess about it but when my mind was idle my thoughts always drifted to the desire to do it again. I tried to think of ways to stretch out my time in the nude but still make it look natural.
After a few weeks I made my second attempt at window dressing. This adventure took a little more preparation than the first time. We had a dresser set against one side wall with a large mirror on top of it. I propped a small mirror up on the dresser and positioned it so I could glance at it to see out the window. That would allow me to subtly check out any potential audience without looking directly at the window. I set my shower supplies in different locations within the room. That would allow me to move back and forth through the room to collect them after I got naked, thus prolonging the show. I then opened the curtains 2/3rds of the way to create a larger viewing area than before. The curtains were still partially closed to hopefully create the illusion that I had been careless in closing them. I then left the room for an early and very quick supper.
My stomach was so full of butterflies that I could barely eat anything. That was fine since it kept my time in the cafeteria very brief. When I returned to the room I turned on the lights and moved about the room for a few minutes in the hope of catching the attention of some guys. It wasn't long until I unbuttoned my blouse and removed it to reveal my skimpiest lace bra. From a distance any observers probably couldn't detect the sheerness of the bra but I still felt excited to be showing it off. Next I opened my skin tight jeans and proceeded to wiggle out of them in as sexy a manner as possible. Wearing only the lacy bra and thong I proceeded to straighten the clothes I had just removed and carefully hang them up in my closet just to allow any viewers to gaze at my bare ass and sexy lingerie. My heart was already racing by the time I unhooked my bra and let it slide off of my arms to expose my pert b-cup breasts and erect nipples. I walked across the room topless to drape the bra over the back of a desk chair. I glanced at the small mirror on the dresser and detected what I thought might be a small audience. The tiny reflection in the mirror didn't allow me to see a lot of details but there appeared to be the silhouettes of three guys in one window, and two other windows with one silhouette each. I couldn't tell if they were actually watching me but I allowed my mind to imagine that they were.
I finally pulled my thong panties down to stand completely naked in front of the window. My hands were trembling with excitement while I prolonged my show by carefully removing my jewelry. As I had done before, I stood back away from the window to somewhat limit who was able to see me. Only a few rooms directly across or higher up could see me, I was obscured from view to anybody on lower floors or street level. As I stood naked I noticed that my pubic hair could use some trimming. It had been trimmed to a landing strip during bikini season but I hadn't maintained it since the weather turned cooler. I considered shaving in front of the window in order to prolong my exposure, but I thought it might be going too far and ruin the deception that my exposure was unintentional. Instead I sat down behind a desk and proceeded to trim my pubes as short as possible with a pair of scissors. My audience could only see my bare chest and probably didn't know what I was actually doing. I teased my lips a little as I proceeded with the grooming and discovered I was very wet. I giggled as I wondered who was more aroused by my show, me or my audience.
When the trimming was complete I stood up and proceeded with my original plan. I walked back and forth through the room to collect my shampoo, conditioner, soap, loofa, and towel which were scattered about the room. I added a few more seconds to the show by also collecting my shaving gear. Finally I wrapped a towel around my body and left the room to go down the hall to the showers.
While in the shower I proceeded to shave my lower region completely bare. I was already extremely aroused but after going bald my nether region was much more sensitive to my touch. It felt so good to touch myself that I couldn't resist running my fingers all over my lips and mound to enjoy the scintillating sensations. My body quivered involuntarily when I twirled my finger tip around my erect clit. I knew I could easily bring myself to orgasm very quickly but I resisted the urge. I feared that sexual satisfaction might dampen my desire to continue with my exhibitionist plan, and the best was yet to come. I forced myself to restrain from any further self stimulation as I dried off and wrapped the towel around my body.
When I returned to my room I glanced briefly out the window to observe there was only one silhouette still in the windows across the street. I was disappointed that I had taken so long in the shower and had lost my audience. I delayed resuming my show as I put away my shower supplies in the hope more guys would take notice of me. Finally I removed the towel from my body and wrapped it around my wet hair. I was once again completely nude and on display as I spread moisturizing lotion on my skin. I poured some lotion on my hand and slowly rubbed it into my shoulders and arms. More lotion in my hand and I fondled my breasts as I spread the lotion over my chest. I spread the lotion in a slow seductive manner but wasn't being overtly salacious with my actions so it still looked like my exposure was accidental. I moved my hands down to spread lotion on my belly, sides and hips. I never looked directly at the window but I frequently peeked out the corner of my eye or raised my eyes up as I bowed my head. I was very pleased to see that my audience was quickly growing.
The three silhouettes had returned to the window and there were four more windows with one silhouette each. My excitement grew with the growth of my audience. I imagined that there were numerous other boys watching me from darkened windows. I continually turned one way then the other to allow my audience to see me from different angles and ultimately see every inch of my naked body. While spreading lotion on my hips and pelvis I intentionally ran my hand over my mound to tease my engorged clit a few times. The touching was so subtle I'm sure the guys couldn't tell that I was playing with myself. Eventually I moved my hands down to my thighs to spread more lotion. I took the opportunity to let my fingers graze my lips several times while moisturizing my inner thighs. I felt some juices trickle down my thigh and I giggled at the thought of moisturizing myself with my own juices.
I continued to use the lotion as I bent over to spread lotion on my calves. I wondered if my audience could detect how erect my nipples were or how swollen my labia was. I grew more excited as I wondered if any guys from my classes were viewing me. The thought created a strange feeling of humiliation combined with incredible arousal of being exposed to people who knew me. The negative aspect of the thought didn't deter me from continuing with my plan and the positive aspect encouraged me to greatly enjoy what I was doing.
After applying lotion to every inch of my body that I could reach put the bottle away and removed the towel from my head. I faced the large mirror over the dresser so I was in profile to the window as I ruffed my hair up with the towel to further dry it. I set the towel aside and proceeded to run a comb through my hair to eliminate the tangles. I could have used a hair drier but I wanted to spend as much time on my hair as possible in order to prolong my show. I combed my hair extensively, occasionally twisting a little to one side or the other to give a better view of my T&A and clean shaven pussy.
After spending several minutes on my hair I put the comb down and proceeded to put on my makeup. Actually I just pretended to put on makeup as I didn't want to just wash it off again when I went to bed. I frequently glanced at the small mirror I had positioned on the dresser in order to see out of my window. I couldn't see any great detail but it assured me I still had several silhouettes watching me from across the street. I spent a few more minutes putting on the fake makeup before I brought the show to a close. I tried to think of other ways to prolong my nudity but I came up blank. Besides I had to end the show before my roommates returned from their work shift. By this time I was so horny I could barely contain my excitement. I was very eager to orgasm and even considered masturbating for my audience. I feared if I did that it would ruin the illusion that my exposure was accidental. I reluctantly brought the show to an end by putting on a pair of leggings and a long sleeve t-shirt. My body seemed to be electric with arousal and I loved how the tight clothes hugged my body to accentuate my arousal.
I was so aroused that I really needed to orgasm, but I didn't want to risk being caught by my roommates who were soon due to return to the room. I left the room and went down the hallway to the rest rooms where I found the privacy of a stall. When I pulled the leggings down I saw that a wet spot had already soaked through the crotch of the garment. I guess I should have worn panties too. At least the leggings were multi colored so the wet spot wouldn't be noticeable. As I sat on the toilet I ran my fingers over my mound and lips to enjoy the sensation of touching my hairless pussy. I pressed my finger tip between my lips and ran it the length of my slit until I touched my clit. My body quivered as a soft moan escaped my lips. I instantly froze as I feared I might have been heard. I listened for several seconds and didn't hear anybody else in the rest room so I resumed my masturbation. I teased my clit with one hand and raised my shirt to fondle my tits with my other hand. It wasn't long until I lowered my hand from my chest and eased my fingers into my sopping wet pussy. While I jammed one, two, then three fingers into my pussy I continued to twirl the fingers of my other hand around my clit. My heightened arousal quickly grew even stronger until a monumental orgasm suddenly washed through my body causing me to squeal loudly. I quickly silenced myself but didn't freeze up like before as I continued to masturbate feverishly to keep the orgasms cumming.
The ecstasy was interrupted when I hear the door open and footsteps enter the room. I stopped pounding my fingers into my pussy and tried to be inconspicuous which wasn't easy. I was literally panting and it was very difficult for me to try to regulate my breathing in a silent manner. The aroma of sex permeated the space around me and I wondered if the scent was contained to the stall or if it belied my activity to the intruder. I felt myself blushing from the thought that I might have been caught. I heard the intruder close the door to one of the stalls and I decided I'd better escape before she discovered who I was. I cleaned up my sopping crotch, straightened my clothes then exited the stall to wash my hands before fleeing to my room. Just to be safe, when I returned to my room I lit a scented candle in the hope of covering any telltale aroma of my activity.
I was extremely proud of the extensive nude show I had put on in front of the window. Even though my arousal had been satisfied I was still very excited about what I had done. It had been a incredibly thrilling experience and I knew I would have to do it again.