As usual, this picks up straight after Chapter 4
Elizabeth rolled over, stretching as she did. She couldn't remember ever sleeping so well. Her body felt like it was humming - like someone had plugged her into an electrical field. The soft cotton sheets rubbing against her naked body felt incredible.
She finished stretching and looked over towards the other side of the bed to find it empty. She climbed out of the bed, draping a robe over her shoulders but not tying it shut, enjoying the freedom of letting it all hang out. She walked out of the room and spotted Stuart on the balcony. She walked out behind him and draped her arms around him from behind, nuzzling his neck.
She felt him lean back towards her, enjoying her breath and lips on his neck. He stood up and faced her, a sharp intake of breath from him showed his shock to see her partially naked. He stepped forward and snaked his hand around her waist, between the silky robe and her skin. His hands felt like fire, sending warm sensations coursing through her. He pulled her close and dipped his head, kissing her deeply. Her hands wrapped around his neck, holding him there while her tongue danced with his. They stayed like this for what felt like forever. Finally, Stuart stepped back, breathing heavily.
"God damn baby, what a way to say good morning!"
She smiled. Last night, Elizabeth was worried about them. The experience with Holly had been amazing - feeling Holly massage her breasts while Stuart ate her pussy, kissing her in the spa, watching her fuck Stuart while she fucked herself with a dildo - she would never forget it. She had explained her worries to Stuart before they went to sleep. They had talked it through and each explained how they felt. She had felt a lot better by the time she fell asleep.
"Did you sleep ok? You weren't awake worrying all night, were you?" He looked concerned; his brow furrowed. She placed her hand on his cheek, not sure she could love any more than she did right now. She nodded, rubbing his cheek tenderly. He pulled her towards him again and wrapped her in a tight hug, her head resting on his chest. She could hear his heart beating in his chest, loving the sound. They stood like that for ages, watching the waves crash on the beach and the wind blowing the trees gently. They were in paradise and couldn't happier.
Later that morning, they were lounging by the pool, enjoying the weather. Since landing, they had not really had time to relax - between shopping, clubbing, work, more shopping and then their night with Holly, they had not even set foot in the hotel pool. They decided today was going to be a 'do nothing' day. They were going to lounge by the pool, have a drink, maybe a swim and might even go to the beach. They had made it to the pool, consumed their first two drinks each and were now just chilling. Stuart had applied sun lotion to her, spending lots of time rubbing into her upper thigh and her arse, causing her to laugh. They had settled in and just enjoyed the sunshine.
Stuart was watching people walk by, watching them interact with each other, the other guests, the hotel staff. He caught numerous men staring at Elizabeth, and who could blame them! She had shocked him when she decided to wear her new purple bikini to the pool. She had never worn anything like that in public before, but had obviously embraced the mindset of what happens on holiday stays on holiday. He had noticed a group of young men, no one older than 21, all ogling his wife from across the pool. They were trying to be cool about it, sneaking glances as they swam past, nudging each other as Elizabeth rolled over or moved her legs, giving them a glimpse of her bikini covered crotch.
The sight of these young bulls eyeing his wife turned him on immensely. His mind wandered, thoughts of Elizabeth taking them to their room one by one and teaching them how to fuck, how to eat pussy, how to please a woman. He had to adjust his towel to cover his shorts, a tent starting to appear. He continued to watch - they were beginning to get bolder. They were openly calling out to each other to get their friends attention and then gesturing with their heads towards Elizabeth. Stuart was kind of shocked at their boldness - at that age, he would never have been so open about his perving.
He heard Elizabeth giggle from beside him - looking over at her, he could see her nipples were erect, pressing outwards inside her bikini top. He could see her, even behind her sunglasses, staring in the direction of the young men, watching. As they started throwing a tennis ball back and forth, he could see almost imperceptible movement of her head as she followed the ball's movement.
He watched as the ball was thrown towards one of them, who's attention was split between the game and Elizabeth. Just as the ball was launched at him, Elizabeth spread her legs, placing a foot on the ground on either side of the lounge chair she was sitting on. She leaned forward, stretching for the bottom of the chair, adjusting her towel. The effect was her legs were completely open and her ample breasts hung low in her bikini top, creating amazing cleavage. Stuart saw the ball smack the young man in the side of the head as he stood there, mouth wide open, staring at Stuart's wife.
Stuart heard another giggle from Elizabeth and then raucous laughter from the group of young men. As Elizabeth straightened up and put her legs up on the chair again, she looked at Stuart and smiled - a grin that showed him she knew exactly what she had done.
After a couple more drinks, Elizabeth decided she wanted to go for a swim in the ocean. Just as they were getting ready to leave, there was a yell from the pool. Stuart looked up just in time to see the ball heading straight for them. He jumped over his chair and caught it, right before it was about to hit Elizabeth. One of the young men hopped out of the pool and approached.
"Sorry! My buddy has a crap arm. We didn't mean to disturb you." He looked younger than Stuart first thought - maybe 19. He was tall and in good shape - broad shoulders, thin waist, toned torso. He had sandy blonde hair, a carefully manicured beard and bright green eyes. He held out his hand. "I'm Devon, nice to meet you."
Stuart took his hand. "Stuart. This is my wife, Elizabeth." Stuart gestured to Elizabeth.
Standing slightly behind him. Devon stepped sideways and held out his hand. Elizabeth took it and he brought it up to his lips, kissing the back of it. "Pleasure to meet you Ma'am. Sorry to interrupt your relaxing day. As I said, my buddy Dylan throws like a girl."
Elizabeth raised her glasses at the last comment, causing Devon to blush. He stammered. "Sor...sorry! I didn't mean that." Elizabeth took her glasses off and took the ball from Stuart. Taking a step back, she launched it, a huge arcing throw, over the head of one of them in the pool, all the way to the other side of the pool, where it was caught by the third friend. Devon watched it fly and then turned back to Elizabeth. "Wow! Great throw. Did you guys wanna join us?"
Elizabeth chuckled. "Thanks, young man, but we were just going for a swim at the beach. Nice to meet you." She turned and picked up her towel from the chair and headed off, her hips swaying a lot more than was normal.
Stuart saw Devon staring and couldn't blame him. Elizabeth's ass had always been one of her best features and with her bikini accentuating it, the effect was mesmerizing. He stood next to Devon for a couple of seconds, staring himself, before heading off to follow, patting the young man on the shoulder as he went. He swore he heard one of the boys say something about Elizabeth's ass as Devon re-joined them.
Stuart caught up to Elizabeth and they held hands as they walked to the beach. Neither spoke, just enjoying the beautiful weather and the closeness to each other. It was a beautiful day and they found a spot on the beach, away from most of the crowds. They laid out their towels, burying their stuff in the sand underneath for safe keeping.
They made their way into water, waves lapping at them as they made their way out. Soon they were out far enough that the water was up to Elizabeth's chest, covering the bottom half of her breasts. They began lazily swimming around, enjoying the water and talking about random stuff. Elizabeth was floating on her back, eyes closed, arms and legs outspread like a starfish.
Stuart snuck up between her legs and kissed her hard on the pussy, pushing his face into the material. She shrieked and lost her composure, ending up underwater. She came up spluttering, her hair plastered to her forehead.
Stuart burst out laughing as she tried to jump on his back to push him underwater, realising the water was too deep for her short legs to get her enough leverage. He grabbed her around the waist and dragged her too him, pinning her against him. He kissed her hard, tongues lashing each other. She wrapped her legs around his waist and leaned into the kiss, using the leverage to finally make him tip backwards, sending them both underwater. Elizabeth's laugh could be heard on the beach as Stuart chased her, trying to return the favour.
After some more mucking around, they settled down and Stuart stood still, the gentle waves causing him to bob up and down on the spot. He had Elizabeth's legs around his waist again and was bending his knees slightly, keeping most of her gorgeous body in the water.
He was facing the beach, his wife facing out to see with her head resting on his shoulder. Her body pressed up against him felt incredible - safe and warm. She felt completely relaxed in his arms, almost weightless from the water.
Looking over her shoulder, he saw Devon and his buddies from the hotel, walking down the beach. They seemed to be scanning the crowds, searching for someone. They stopped close to where Stuart and Elizabeth had left their towels and sat down. They had a cooler with them and they started drinking. Stuart saw one of them point in their direction and all three looked over at them.
Stuart and Elizabeth were a distance out in the water, the tide being quite low, however Stuart could see Devon wave his hand at him. He raised his own in response. He watched the three young men continue to drink while messing around, throwing the ball to one another.
Stuart's mind wandered again, back to thoughts of Elizabeth teaching these boys a thing or two. He squeezed her tighter, his hands gripping her ass cheeks. She moaned softly into his shoulder, enjoying the sensation.
"Babe, earlier at the pool, did you realise how much Devon and his mates were staring at you?"
Elizabeth chuckled. "Well they weren't exactly being subtle about it were they?"
Stuart laughed - she was not wrong. "Tell me the truth - you were playing along with them a little, weren't you? When the ball hit Devon's mate in the head, you did that on purpose?"
Elizabeth lifted her head off his shoulder and looked him in the eyes. There was a fire there, something hot and primal. He felt himself stirring, just from the look in her eyes. She nodded slowly, not taking her eyes off his. Stuart inhaled sharply, the confirmation from his wife lighting a fire within him. They kissed, passionately, forcefully, tongues dancing together. Elizabeth broke this kiss and moved her lips to his neck, kissing and nibbling, driving him wild. He was staring at the beach, watching the three young men. He whispered in her ear.
"Which was your favourite? Devon? Dylan? Or the other one?"
Elizabeth spoke into his neck, muffling her response, but Stuart heard her say Devon. Her lips continued to work their magic on his neck, her thighs gripping his waist tighter. He began gently rubbing his hands up and down her back, both in the water and out. Her mouth was clamped on his shoulder and he could tell he would have a hickey when she was finished. He slid his hands underwater and gripped her ass cheeks, pulling her in closer to him.
He watched as Devon ran along the beach, chasing his friend. He caught up to him and tackled, wrestling him to the ground. He emerged from the tangle, holding the bright yellow tennis ball in the air, like he had just claimed the world's best prize.
Elizabeth felt her husband's hands massaging her ass, pulling her closer into him. He had been very astute in picking up on her flirting with the young men by the pool as she thought she had hidden it well. This was not something she normally would do - first of all, she was old enough to be there mother. Secondly, she had very little confidence with other people.
Stuart was different - when they had met, she found he brought out the best of her. Something about him made her see herself in a different light and she loved him for it. But these boys, with the staring and the pointing, something about it had lit a fire inside her. She continued to suck on Stuart's shoulder, determined to leave a monster hickey there. She was also getting turned on by his questions and his hands on her ass. She gripped her thighs a little tighter around him.
Stuart felt Elizabeth's legs squeeze him, felt her lips suck a little harder on his shoulder. He turned his head slightly, so his mouth was right next to her ear.
"I think you could teach that young man a thing or two! I think you could show him what it's like to be with a real woman - not some teenaged school girl, fumbling around. A real woman, who knows what she likes and how to get it. A real woman who knows what he wants and how to get him there."
Elizabeth moaned on his shoulder, a deep, guttural moan that sent shivers down his arm. Her fingernails dug into his back, her hips almost like a vice around his waist now. He began to slowly rock her up and down, bringing her crotch into contact with his erection under the water, pushing it into her. Her moan got louder, her sucking lessening as he pushed himself against her. Even through her bikini bottoms and his shorts, he knew he was pushing in the right spot.
"What would you teach him?" Stuart asked as he thrust his hard cock forward again. Elizabeth raised her head from his shoulder, admiring the deep purple bruise on his shoulder. She looked him in the eyes, feeling a fire burning inside her. His cock was pushing into her pussy, the blunt head prodding her through the material of their respective swimwear.
"I would have taken his hand and led him from the pool. We would have gone inside the hotel and got the elevator to our room. Once we were inside the elevator, he would have tried to grope me, to kiss me. I would have stopped him, telling him to slow down, to take things slow. I would have kissed him, gently, slowly running my tongue over his lips." At this she kissed Stuart exactly as she described, her tongue softly touching his bottom lip. Stuart stopped rocking, determine to play out this fantasy together.
"Once we were inside our room, I would have asked him to take his shorts off. He would hurriedly strip, eager to get some action and to show off his manhood. His long cock would be pointing straight at the ceiling, full of youthful vigour. I would kiss him again, still gently, still building the tension. I would take his hand and place it on my tit. He would begin to roughly knead it, so I'd place my hand on his and slow him down, teach him to be gentle and take his time. As we'd kiss, I'd take his cock in my hand and gently stroke it, feeling the girth, the hardness. He would moan, his hips bucking to try and get me to move faster. Again, I would slow him down."
Stuart was having trouble containing himself. Elizabeth was whispering all of this into his ear, her breathy voice causing the hairs on his neck to stand up. His cock was rock hard, still pushing into her crotch even as he stood still. He was looking past her, watching Devon on the beach. Seeing the fit young man horse around with his friends, not knowing this beautiful woman was describing in detail what she would do sexually with him.
"I would kiss my way down his neck, down his chest and stomach until I was kneeling in front of him. I would hold his cock in front of me, its big head pointing straight at my face. I would kiss it, tasting him on my lips. He would groan again, loudly. His eyes would be wide, watching me, hoping I am going to suck him. I'd lift his cock and kiss his balls, dragging my tongue up the underside of his hard shaft, watching his legs quiver at the sensation. He would plead with me, begging me to suck him. I'd open my mouth and take him in, just holding it inside. I would run my tongue around the head a couple of times. I would slowly start to jerk him off, pumping his cock with my right hand while my left started to stroke his thigh until I reached up and cupped his balls, rolling them in my hand. I would then start to suck, slowly increasing the pace."
Elizabeth was so turned on it was taking all her self-control to not fuck her husband right here in the ocean. The thought of the young man's cock in her mouth was overwhelming. This holiday had opened up a new side of her - a side she was a little afraid of but happy to keep exploring. Stuart's cock was pressing right on her clit, the material of her bikini bottoms rubbing against it as it emerged from its hood, sending pleasure through her lower body.
"As I suck, he'd start to get more and more turned on. He'd put his hand on the back of my head and try to force more of his cock into my mouth. It would turn me on so I'd go with it for a while, letting him face fuck me. I'd finally pull back, drool all over his cock and my chin. I'd spit on his cock and rub it around with my hand, making him nice and lubed up. I'd suck him again, this time I control the pace. I'd alternate - slow and gentle, using my tongue on his cock, twisting it and twirling it and then fast and rough, jerking him hard into my mouth and sucking as hard as I can. I'd get him close, really close, to cumming and then I'd take him from my mouth. I'd jerk him faster, spreading my spit all over his cock. He'd yell out and cum, ropes and ropes of it splashing on the floor, on my legs, on my hand. I'd stand up and kiss him - not gently this time but with force, making him taste himself on my lips."
"I'd lay down on the bed on my back, legs spread wide, knees bent. I spread my pussy lips for him, showing him how wet I am. I'd tell him he is going to eat me until I cum all over his chin. He would dive onto the bed, eager to taste me. I'd place my hand on his head, slowing him down again, telling him to take his time and relax, even though my heart is racing with desire. I'd tell him to start by kissing my pussy, not just my clit but all around. He'd begin to kiss my sex, taking his time, using his tongue like he is Frenching my cunt.
I'd tell him to start rubbing me with his fingers, and he'd begin to lightly run his finger between my lips, spreading my juices around, gently probing my entrance without actually penetrating me. It would feel amazing. I couldn't take much more so I'd tell him to start on my clit - lightly, lovingly. He'd kiss it once, twice, three times. Then he'd suck it between his lips. I'd tell him to put his finger inside me. I'd be so wet that he'd slide all the way in first time. He'd begin to pump it hard, so I'd place my hand on his head again and tell him to slow down. My hand would stay there, pushing his face into my snatch."
Stuart's breathing was ragged in Elizabeth's ear. He was thrusting his hips gently, pushing himself against her almost unconsciously. The pressure in her pussy was growing - she could feel herself getting wetter and wetter as she told her story and knew it was having a similar effect on her husband.
"He'd really begin to work me - sucking and licking my clit. I tell him to curl his finger inside me and look for the bumpy spot. He'd soon find it and I tell him to leave his finger there and rub. His fingers and tongue would really be getting me going now. I'd feel the waves of desire starting to rise in my belly. I'd push his head harder, forcing his nose to put pressure just above my clit while he sucks it."
"His finger would be driving me crazy; I'd tell him to start flicking my clit with his tongue. He does as he is told and that sends me over the edge. My legs go stiff and I almost force his whole face inside me. I'd cum HARD, the sensations coursing through my body like fire."
"My hips would keep thrusting into his face while I cum, driving his finger in deeper and deeper. Soon it gets to be too much. I tell him to stop but he is enjoying it too much and keeps going, his tongue still attacking my clit and his finger working my G-spot. I'd have to scramble backwards on the bed, breaking our contact. He'd look up at me, those green eyes staring at me and a goofy smile on his face, his lips and chin covered in my stickiness."
Elizabeth kissed Stuart, her tongue instantly in his mouth. He began to thrust faster, pounding his cock into her clit. He put his hands on her knees and pushed them apart, unwrapping her from his waist. He spun her around so she was facing the beach. He pulled her close, his cock jamming into her hip. He breathed into her ear.
"Tell me what happens next, tell me what that young man on the beach there does to you in our hotel room!" Stuart felt Elizabeth shudder, either from his breath or from the realisation what was happening. He massaged her breasts, rubbing his thumbs over her hard nipples. He dropped his right hand under the water level and into her bikini, finding her engorged clit straight away. He began to lightly rub it, getting a loud groan from his wife. Her voice was shaky as she continued.
"I'd spend a moment or two recovering from my orgasm. He would be staring at me, smiling. I'd tell him to lie on the bed on his back. Once he is in position, I'd suck on his cock again, which would still be hard as iron. The joys of youth!
"I'd then position myself above him, rubbing his thick purple head between my pussy lips. He'd reach for my tits, gently massaging them, having learnt his lesson from earlier. As he is distracted, I'd sink myself down, feeling his long cock slide into me, going deep."
"His eyes would go wide as I take him all in one go. I struggle to contain myself as he is so deep inside me. I'd begin to ride him, slowly, staring into his green eyes. I'd be able to feel his cock probing my insides, my G-spot rubbing against his shaft as I rise and fall on him. His hands would fall to my hips, where he'd grip them hard. Even though he'd cum, I'd be able to tell he is close again, so I'd begin to work faster. His cock would rub my G-spot faster and soon I'd be right there with him, on the edge about to fell off into a huge orgasm."
Stuart was really working Elizabeth's clit now, his fingers rubbing it as only he could. Her legs were going weak, her breathing sounding like she was running and her mind all fuzzy. She couldn't take her eyes off Devon, running across the sand. His broad, tanned shoulders tapered down so nicely towards his waist. She was very close. Stuart leaned in and whispered in her ear again. "Finish the story, please." Elizabeth continued.
"We would be fucking each other hard, his hips rising up to meet me at every thrust, his hands helping to drive me down onto him. He'd suddenly push me to the side and then kneel behind me. Lifting me by the waist until I am on all fours, he'd slam his monster cock back into me and begins to pound me from behind, the angle putting even more pressure on my G-spot. I'd look over my shoulder and tell him to cum inside me - to fill me up. He'd roar and increases his speed. I'd feel him explode, coating my insides with his jizz. I'd scream his name as I cum, unable to hold back."
Stuart's actions on her clit had got her right to the precipice, her pussy felt like fire, even underwater. His left hand snaked into her bikini top and he started playing with her nipple - twisting and pinching in an erotic way. He breathed into her ear. "Say his name." Elizabeth shook her head, denying him. He tweaked her nipple harder. "Say it, say the name of the young buck fucking you."
Elizbeth cried out. "DEEEEVOOONNNN!!" She came hard, Stuart's actions and demands to say Devon's name sending her over the edge. She practically collapsed backwards into his arms, which he wrapped around her to hold her up.
After Elizabeth recovered, she practically dragged Stuart from the water. They picked up their towels, Stuart doing his best to hide his erection, and headed back to the hotel, almost running. They passed Devon and his friends on the way, Devon waving at them as they passed.
Elizabeth winked and blew him a kiss, giggling like a school girl as she did. As they were making there way back to the hotel, Elizabeth's phone rang. Looking at the screen, she saw Jayne's picture show up. Answering the call, she chatted to her best friend as they walked. They made it back to the hotel and entered an elevator. After another guest exited on the second floor, Stuart tried to attack Elizabeth, his mouth going for her neck and his hands to her breasts. Elizabeth fought him, mouthing an apology to her husband as she talked on her phone. Stuart couldn't believe he was being cock blocked by someone halfway around the world.
When they entered their suite, Elizabeth headed straight to the bedroom, a sign that she needed to talk to Jayne in private. Stuart puttered around for a few minutes, having a beer and checking his emails. After about fifteen minutes, he quietly entered the bedroom. He found Elizabeth lying on the bed, still in her bikini, legs dangling over the edge. Her phone was on speaker phone, resting on her chest. Jayne's voice could be heard loud and clear, echoing through the room.
He heard Jayne's voice come from the phone's speaker: "It was so nice, and he was SO hot. I was very wary cause our kids go to school together and it will be awkward if it doesn't go well, but we have so much in common."
Elizabeth propped herself up on her elbows, looking at her husband, who was eyeing like an animal eyes it's prey. "So, the date went well? Where did he take you?" She raised her eyebrows at Stuart, who shrugged and made a lewd gesture with his fingers and mouth. Elizabeth shook her head and smiled.
Jayne said, "We started at a bar and had a couple of drinks. We really hit it off and decided to grab something small to eat and walk along the shore. We walked and talked for AGES and ended up at the end of the pier and he kissed me. Fuck, he is a good kisser. So, we kissed for a bit and I told him I wanted him to come home with me. He was hesitant at first, he said he was worried about moving too fast. I thought 'fuck this' and I put my hand in his pants and kissed him again."
Stuart's eyes got wider, listening to Jayne speak. Elizabeth opened her mouth to say something but Stuart shook his head and put a finger to his mouth. Elizabeth closed hers.
"Twenty minutes later we were back at my place. I am so glad I took the kids to my Mum's. We barely made it through the door before we were stripping. God, he has a great body. We were naked in the lounge room and he lifted me up. I wrapped my arms and legs around him and guided him down the hall to my room. He laid me on the bed and we kissed some more before he started kissing his way down my body. I almost cried when he went down on me, it had been so long! He was SOOO good at it."
Stuart was now standing directly in front of Elizabeth, in between her feet. Jayne continued with her recount of her date.
Jayne said, "I came twice on his face - sorry for the details babe but I just have to tell someone before I burst!"
Stuart dropped to his knees, his hands on the inside of Elizabeth's thighs. He leant his head forward and kissed her crotch through her bikini.
Jayne continued on the phone, "I then sucked his dick for a while before he told me he had to fuck me. His cock was so nice - amazing size and very pretty as far as cocks go. Anyway, boy does he know what he is doing. We did it in so many positions - the guy has the stamina of a marathon runner. God it felt good to get some dick in me."
Elizabeth reached down and pulled her bikini to the side, her moist pussy on display. She threw her head back and stifled a moan as Stuart latched straight onto her clit, sucking it. She collapsed backwards on the bed, lifting her legs and draping them over her husband's shoulders.
Jayne continued, "We went so many times that night. We did it in the shower, he bent me over the kitchen bench when we got up to have some ice cream, he ate me out on the couch. He just didn't go soft - he was hard the whole night."
Elizabeth was getting close, her thighs clamping down on Stuart's ears. She was doing her best to control her moans and breathing, to not let Jayne know what was happening. That went out the window when Stuart stood suddenly and flipped her over onto her stomach. Her phone bounced onto the bed as Stuart dragged her towards him by the hips. Standing, he lined up and plunged his cock into her to the hilt, driving himself home. She moaned loudly, unable to contain it.
"Are you ok babe? Babe?" Jayne's voice sounded worried. Elizabeth tried to reach her phone but Stuart was pounding her too hard - she had to hold onto the bed to stop from being shunted off.
"Elizabeth? Are you alright?" Jayne called out, her voice loud over the phone's speaker.
Stuart picked up the phone. He touched the screen and all of a sudden, Jayne's face appeared. Stuart smiled at Jayne's quizzical look. He kept pounding his wife.
"Hey Jayney, sorry, she can't come to the phone at the moment. She is a little pre-occupied."
He pressed another button to switch the camera. On the screen, Jayne's mouth dropped. Stuart could see the view Jayne was seeing on screen - Elizabeth's back and shoulders, rocking back and forward as Stuart slammed his cock into her.
Elizabeth looked over her shoulder and saw the phone. She smiled, too turned on to care. Stuart then turned the phone downwards, pointing it towards where their bodies met, giving Jayne a great view of Elizabeth's ass, just as Elizabeth let out a loud moan.
A loud laugh rang out across the room. "Haha right-o! Enjoy yourselves. Call me back later."
Stuart hung up the call and tossed the phone across the bed. Refocusing on the task in front of him, he picked up the pace, frantically ramming his cock in and out of his wife.
Stuart pulled out and rolled Elizabeth over again. Thrusting back into her, he leaned over and kissed her, letting her taste her own pussy juices from his mouth. The change in angle in her pussy set Elizabeth off for the second time in the day, her fingers scratching at his back and her thighs quivering.
Stuart howled, unleashing his seed into her, his whole-body quaking. He collapsed on top of her, panting and sweating. He rolled over once as he caught his breath. He reached under his back and pulled out Elizabeth's phone and tossed it too her. "You should probably call Jayne back."
To be continued...