The beginning.
"Uhhh.." I moaned as I woke up on my bed.
"Alright, let's begin!" I got up and did my chores.
My name is Yang Yin, I am a disciple at High Heaven Oath. I began training here 2 years ago but I have only merely reached tempered body third stage. This is not normal, it's just... pathetically mediocre.
Brothers and sisters disciples who were accepted into the sect at the same as me had already left this level and expanded their horizons to other renowned sects.
I had no choice but to accept the lowest ranking as a trial disciple while doing jobs like cleaning that no one wants to do.
High Heaven Oath is special because of its intense competition of its disciples. Over here, the strong will advance and conquer, the weak will be enslaved and used. This strict law had been implemented for decades.
At other sects, at least the disciples would extend friendships and love, but that's non existent here. There's only cruelty and power.
If you wish to climb high, you should literally be stepping on the shoulders of your brothers or sisters disciples in training, only then will you be qualified to rule over another.
High Heaven Oath has a rule, Disciples aged 18, regardless of background, will take a probational 2 years to train.
In these 2 years, you will be fully sponsored by the sect so you're only required to train. If you can breakthrough past the tempered body stage within the 2 years, you will be accepted into other other renowned sects or promoted to become an official disciple. Of course, if you wish to train on your own, you're also allowed to do so.
But those who fail to breakthrough, they will be forced to leave or they would be demoted to a mere trial disciple.. like me.
The entire High Heaven Oath consists of a thousand disciples. But the number of trial disciples can be counted with just a single hand.
Comfort is not guaranteed. Even if I missed a meal or got bullied, no one would care.
We humans only have a few decades of life, so giving up halfway is ridiculous!
I must become the strongest of the strongest! And this is my story.
----
"Oh? If it isn't our beloved Yang Yin!" A fellow male martial disciple said.
I looked over and saw 13 men, all smiling and surrounding me.
"That's the trial disciple, Yang Yin!"
"What a beauty! Such a shame, she has no talent. Just a weak tempered body third stage!"
"It's not a shame but a blessing. A blessing for us!"
"I would love to have a taste of that lovely body!"
"Hasn't it been 7 days since Yang Yin had fought? It's time.."
The men laughed at me but there's only one thing I could do. I sat down and mediated.
"Is she meditating? HAHAHA! With her weak cultivation! No matter how much she tries, it will be useless!"
"So true! The only thing she can do is learn how to be respectful of us REAL martial artists!"
Someone pulled my hair up and broke my concentration. "Uhhh... S-Stop it!" I said.
A violent slap came across on my face. "So defiant! Let's fight!"
"F-Fine. I will fight." I said and the hand on my hair got released.
I stood up and got into my stance. Knees bent, legs apart, arms up and ready for combat.
"HAHAHAHA!! What kind of stance is that? You doing a half squat?!" Everyone laughed at me but I remained indifferent.
"Yang Yin probably just wants to show off her embarrassing parts to everyone! Look at that!" Everyone looked down at my skirt and I looked down at well.
My short trial disciple's skirt had been worn for 2 years. It's already torn and exposing my panties!
I blushed but maintained in my stance. Because my stance was taught by my late father, it's my one and only stance!
My late father was an elder in High Heaven Oath. He fought with a demon general a few years ago and managed a draw. Both lives were lost and my sect earned a victory over the demon sect. I should had led a better life after but...
I was too incompetent..
'Nine times the bell rang, as the sun rises from the west, a new day has come!' I thought to myself. Preparing myself for a duel.
A man stood forward. It was Yang Kai! The weakest of all male disciples. Although we had the same surname, we weren't related.
We charged at each other and both of us hit one another. Yang Kai followed up with a kick to my stomach and I fell backwards. Lying down on the ground, exposing my panties to everyone.
"Do you admit defeat?" The crowd asked.
"Y-Yes.. It's my loss." I got up slowly and bowed.
"What a weakling. Do you know what to do next? Heh heh heh!"
I removed my shirt and exposed my bra. The men cheered for me. Losers of fights will always listen to the winners but for me, they always ordered me to do humiliating stuff..
Once I removed all of my clothes, I folded them and offered it to Yang Kai. "What the hell do I do with these?"
"Give it to us!" The crowd said.
Yang Kai threw my clothes in all directions. The men happily smelt on my panties as I remained kneeling on the ground with my hands in salute.
"Stand up." Yang Kai ordered and I obeyed. "From today onwards, you will always be naked! Be it inside the sect or outside. Do you understand, Slut?"
"Y-Yes Sir.. This slut understands.." I bit my lips and blushed as the men continued to stare at me with eyes full of lust.
Yang Kai walked towards me and pushed my hands away, kissed my mouth, massaged my boobs and backed off.
"In accordance to the sect rules, since I won a fight against this slut, she will become my slave for the day! I am a busy man with Low cultivation, so I wish for my fellow brothers to assist me in educating this slut!" Yang Kai shouted to everyone. "You may do as you wish until the time is up! Farewell!"
The men thanked Yang Kai and started to come closer to me with smiles and laughs. I covered my nipples with my left arm and covered my pussy with my right hand. I knew what was coming. I've been a loser in fights for these 2 years.
The men grabbed my arms and a lot of hands started to touch my naked body. My boobs, pussy, butt, back, legs, everywhere! I used to resist and say no but after 2 years.. I stopped.
Resisting would only result in punishment and more humiliation. It's better to just let things happen and try to enjoy it. That was my thinking.
My fellow disciples, both senior and junior, older and younger, all of them had their strong fingers up inside my pussy. I closed my eyes and just enjoyed myself.
Thinking back, My fellow disciples that entered the sect at the same time as me, won against me and wanted to have sex with me. I refused and rejected their advances. I even slapped their faces and told them no.
As I cried and ran to my small hut, that night, an elder visited me and tore my home away with his aura. I was ordered to remove all of my clothes. "Since you disobeyed the sect rules, we don't need someone like you anymore. Remove your sect uniform and get out of the sect."
After much begging and apologising, I was allowed to stay but I had to be completely naked when I sleep at my home. Disciples Xie, Hong and Mie, the 3 that entered the sect at the same time as me, visited my home everyday to play with my naked body.
One day, after having sex with me and making me orgasm lots of times, they made me crawl naked around the sect with a slave collar and leash. Everyone that saw me either laughed at me, made fun of me, spanked my butt or turned away in disgust of my behaviour.
I had to pee in the grass with a crowd looking at me, orgasmed too. Since then, everyone knew how horny I am and how weak in cultivation I was. I was the most easy target and everyone wanted to have a fight with me so they could own me.
Coming back to the present, I had sex with a lot of my fellow disciples after losing a fight to Yang Kai. Weak and about to faint after multiple men had their way with me, someone pulled my hair so I would crawl back to my home.
My butt was kicked and the man ordered, "Get into bed and rest, slut!"
Weakly, I obeyed and immediately fell asleep on my bed. Lots of cum was still on my face and body, as well as inside my mouth and pussy.
The object that I had used as my pillow started to glow at night but I was too weak and tired to do anything so I just slept.
That night, I dreamt of defeating my opponents and I woke up.
"Oh! She's awake! That's fast! Haha!" There were 2 men in my home. One was massaging my boobs while the other was licking and tasting my pussy.
"T-Trial disciple Yang Yin greets f-fellow disciples..." I said.
"Yeah whatever, are you ready for your duties, slut?"
"Y-Yes Sir.. Uhh!"
My face got slapped by the man massaging my boobs. "How dare you lie? You obviously need to orgasm first in order to focus on your duties!"
"Y-Yes Sir... I am sorry......" my face got slapped again and the men stared at me. "Who is sorry?"
"This slut is.. This slut is sorry, Sir.." I said and the men laughed before continuing to play with my body.
I had to orgasm 2 times before the men decided I was ready for sex. Which they happily did.
After the men came inside my pussy and mouth, I had to suck on their dicks, cleaning them.
"Thanks slut! We enjoyed having sex with you. We will visit again to taste you. Farewell!" The men said and walked out of my home, laughing.
I bowed on my knees until I could no longer see them. This is my life in High Heaven Oath. I've no where else to go but here. I got up and tidied my bed.
The bamboo sticks that I used as my bed was filled with cum and love. I wiped them down with my clothes and I noticed that my pillow was different.
It was still the same black colour, but it was shiny and was lighter. It was a book but it was completely black. With no words... until now.
'Blood is cited, the golden body descends, not a miracle, but a golden immortal. Proud golden body rules the heavens, indomitable spirit, descends upon the chosen one.'
I took a knife to cut my finger so a drop of blood would drop into the black book. A skeleton appeared and laughed at me. It tried to take over my body and all I could do was endure the pain.
Once the pain subsided, I got up and started meditating. The martial arts appeared in my mind but it was just a simple stance and kick. I had to be completely naked and get into position before giving a kick to the sun at its highest point of sunlight. That means I could only do it a few times a day in that short 30 minutes.
After taking a nap, I went out of my home and did the stance. It's always embarrassing to be naked especially under the sun but I had no choice but to try it out.
When I kicked, I felt lots of pain. I could only manage 2 kicks before collapsing on the ground.
"Oh look! This slut is already here to greet us!" I looked up and saw Xie disciple with 2 of his friends.
Xie pulled my hair up and said, "A good day to you, my fellow disciple. How is our popular slut doing?"
"T-This slut is doing fine... S-Sir.."
"I see. Then why aren't you kneeling and bowing properly? Have you forgotten your manners?"
"Sorry.. T-This slut is just too tired..."
"That's no excuse! Guys! Help her!"
"With pleasure! Heh heh heh!"
The 2 men lifted me up while taking advantage of my body's weak state. They massaged my boobs and groped my butt!
"T-This slut greets fellow disciples!" I shouted as I knelt on the ground with both of my hands saluting. The 2 men continued to massage my boobs and groping my butt. There wasn't a thing I could do about it.
"You know why we're here. So let's get it started." Xie said.
"Yes Sir." I replied and stood up. The hands of Xie's 2 friends wouldn't stop massaging and groping my boobs and butt.
"Dance for this master!" Xie said and sat down on a wooden chair as I danced naked outside my home with 2 of his friends touching my body.
"Open your legs, slut!." One of them whispered into my ears and I obeyed. His fingers got into my pussy and I let out a moan. Everyone was smiling at me and enjoying my performance at my expense!
I found myself at my limits.. I began twerking since their touches felt so good and I screamed in pleasure.
I orgasmed and squirted wildly.
I found my cultivation rise a little and it was weird. I was dancing naked and my cultivation rose?