Thank you to everyone for the positive feedback. I truly appreciate your words of encouragement. I wanted to take a quick moment before this chapter to explain a little more about LARPing.
LARPs take on all genres just like any other storytelling. Obviously this story is in a high fantasy setting with magic and magical creatures. Just like in all genres, there is plenty of conflict in LARPs, and depending on the style of LARP, these conflicts can be resolved in a variety of manners.
This story takes place in a "boffer LARP" style. Physical combat between characters (both player vs player and player vs storyteller character) are resolved by actual combat. For characters like the ranger girls, they use weapons made from latex or foam or often simply plumbing supplies. There are plenty of websites around that sell boffer weapons or teach people how to make their own.
Magic users cast spells. To affect other people or creatures, they will often use "spell packets" - tiny beanbags filled with split peas or other soft materials. If you are hit by the spell packet, you are hit by the spell.
This chapter doesn't go into detailed combat, but there are enough references to it that I wanted to make sure the concept was well understood. Thank you for listening to my lecture, and hope you enjoy this chapter.
*****
I looked around at the small gathering lounging around me. We had been sunbathing for a couple of hours, and everyone was feeling lethargic and comfortable. I looked over at Rozan, the one I had originally been the most concerned about. She was laying on her back, her head resting in Jaimor's lap and smiling as they talked, his hand stroking her side gently.
Well that happened fast! Not that I was one to talk. I looked up at Meaghan, my own head still resting in her lap, and smiled. Everyone else seemed to be half asleep on the ground with the exception of Rushwillow and Kidane who were half asleep floating in the water.
I tapped Meaghan on the thigh. She looked down, and I tapped my wrist. She nodded, then looked into the bag that she had brought with her.
"Okay, everyone," she moved out from underneath me and stood in the middle of the clearing. Once she had their attention, she continued. "It's about fifteen minutes before lunch. Everyone needs to head back and grab their clothing and we'll all meet at the Inn.
Despite their grumbling, they all gathered themselves together and headed for the water. I waited for them all to have started off before I turned to Meaghan.
"You've been unusually quiet."
She smiled, and gave me a quick kiss. "Can't a girl just relax for a while?"
"Sure. But I don't think you've ever been this quiet. I half expected you to try to jump every person here."
She laughed. "I have some sense of self control...besides, you had already taken care of the jumping part."
I blushed again, remembering the earlier activities.
"But, honestly, I was just thinking."
"About?"
Meaghan shrugged. "Advancing the plot."
"Advancing the plot?"
Meaghan smiled. "You know, the game is a story. We put you in at the beginning of it and we have general ideas of where it should be headed. But the characters never go exactly where you expect them to. So, we make changes on the fly to what we've come up with. Either to get you back to where you're supposed to be, or to figure out how to go where you are already headed."
"You're saying we aren't doing the right things?"
"No. I'm saying that I have to stay half a step ahead of you." Meaghan tweaked my nipple. "Now go back to the Inn. I'll meet you there."
I gave her a quick kiss, then headed into the water. By the time I got back to the main shore, everyone was mostly dressed and talking excitedly. As I approached, they turned and included me in their conversation.
"So, we have an idea of how we can handle the necromancer this time," Taleran announced. "Last time, we took him down with a life ritual. We had to plant a special tree on his body after he was beaten unconscious, then make the tree grow. It was supposed to keep him infused with life energy so his death energy couldn't build to the point where he could reanimate himself.
"Obviously, that didn't work completely. If he's stealing elemental orbs, maybe he's found a way to resurrect himself through the elements. If we can destroy the orbs, we can stop him."
"Uh uh." I shook my head vigorously. "You can't destroy my orb. MY ORB."
Everyone looked at each other sheepishly.
"Oh yeah...um...Well, we'll come up with a different idea then."
"Good." I smiled and kissed Taleran on the nose to show him I wasn't angry. "I'm hungry though. Let's go get some lunch."
We walked back, lost in thought. As we approached the entrance to the Inn, there was a minor commotion. Stacey was standing in front of the door, naked, arguing with Gregg. I stopped, not sure if I wanted to be anywhere near them.
Since I was walking near the back of our group, almost everyone continued on towards the doorway. Only Cidane and Rushwillow hung back with me, looking at the scowl on my face with curiosity.
I put a finger to my lips and shook my head. I wanted to hear what the tramp and the cheater had to say.
"...doesn't want you," Stacey was yelling, her hands on her hips. She was trying to get Gregg's attention as he kept looking around. I made sure to stay hidden behind Rushwillow. "Are you even listening to me? That bitch stripped naked and is galavanting around with a bunch of guys. Probably fucking them all. Screw her. I'm right here, giving you my body, and you won't even look at me?!!"
She grabbed his arm, and he finally focused on her. "You're too good for her. Look at what you have right here in front of you." She cupped her breasts for him, practically shoving them in his face. "You even told me that I was a better lay than she ever was."
Gregg looked her straight in the eyes. "I lied." He walked past her and into the Inn.
I buried my face in Rushwillow's back and laughed. I quickly pulled myself together, put one arm through each of theirs, and strutted past her and in to get food. I could hear her mutter "bitch" under her breath, but I was feeling too good to care.
I gathered my food from the buffet line, and went over to the table where my friends were sitting, a giant smile still on my face. I sat down and started eating. I knew the folks who had gone ahead were curious, but I was too busy enjoying the moment. Luckily, Cidane was happy to take over.
"And then he looked at her and said, 'I lied.' I swear it sounded like his voice had dropped five octaves. Then our little wild girl hooked her arms through ours and practically glided past that slut. It was amazing."
Just then, a hush fell over the entire dining area. I followed the general gaze to the door where Stacey was now standing, still completely bare.
"Holy fuck! Another one?!! Come join us honey!" Jon catcalled to her from across the room.
Stacey looked around the room as if she was the queen, glared at me, then walked purposefully towards Jon while staring at Gregg. Which was made even funnier to me by the fact that Gregg was purposefully ignoring her and eating his pasta.
When she got to the bandit's table, she sat down firmly on Jon's lap, and wrapped her arms around his neck. She whispered something in his ear, and he laughed. He spoke to the person next to him, who hurriedly got up and prepared a plate for his new lap wench.
The entertainment over, we went back to our food and ate and chatted, thinking up ideas on how to defeat a necromancer and discarding them almost as quickly. At some point, Meaghan came and join us, sitting quietly at the end of the bench. She smiled at me, but was obviously paying close attention to the ideas that were being thrown around.
Finally, an announcement was made by a group of people dressed as dwarves, complete with long beards and axes, that the merchant marketplace would be open for the next hour.
We hurriedly finished up our last few bites, discarded our trash, and rushed for the shopping area. There were various merchants around. One was selling herbs, a second one weapons, a third selling armor. Armor?!! That was MY leather corset at the front of the table! I stormed over and picked it up.
"Ah. A fine choice," the merchant in charge of the booth intoned, "and a steal at only five hundred coin."
"Five hundred?!!" I was outraged. This had been taken from me by bandits who then sold it to this merchant. Now he expected me to buy it back for five hundred coins?
Jessalyn put a hand on my shoulder. "Calm down, Everfrost. I don't think it would match your gems anyway."
I looked down at myself and smiled. "Oh yeah. I guess it wouldn't fit me. It'd fall right off."
"Well, I think my brother over there might have a potion that would help if you're really interested. It makes things affect those of you without true substance."
I looked over to a greedy looking man with a tray of potions in front of him. He stuck his tongue out and licked his lips, then mimed grabbing my tits.
I turned away disgusted. "No thanks. I think I'll be okay. I don't really have any money on me."
"No money?" The merchant looked shocked. "But you're wearing tons of money. Do you know how much nymph gems go for these days?"
I fidgeted with a stone on my belly. "Really? Why?"
"They make excellent potions. Depending on the type of fairy and the type of stone, they can make anything from healing potions to a spray that would drive every one in this room delusional. It helps that there is a...man...going around buying up all of the fairy gems and orbs that he can."
I stopped and stared at him. "Oh really? A man that buys fairy gems and orbs? You wouldn't happen to be able to get me in touch with him would you?"
The merchant shook his head. "I have only heard of him in passing. My brother though...he has dealt with him." Once again he pointed at the crude guy. Now he was winking and pretending to stroke a cock that would have made a horse jealous.
I sighed and looked at the rest of the group who had joined me at the table. "Any of you guys willing to talk to Creepy McCreepface over there?"
Cidane laughed. "Sure. I don't think he'd try groping us. Besides, he might have some useful potions for us."
The other mages murmured their assent, and went to talk to him while the rangers and I browsed some of the herbs and jewels that adorned other tables.
The girls had just finished purchasing some herbs that they were told could make a potion that would let them hide in the shadows when the boys returned.
"So. Do you want the good news or the bad news?" Taleran stopped in front of me.
"Um...good news I guess?"
"Rushwillow here found a potion that will slow down the regeneration rate of undead." The big mage held up a small blue flask. "That will help when we fight the necromancer because his army won't keep coming back."
"So what's the bad news?" I asked, suspecting the answer.
"He can get us in contact with the thief."
Rozan cut in. "How is that bad news?"
"He set a price for it."
Just then, a cacophany of shouts echoed through the room. Stacey, still naked, was now sitting on the table in front of the creepy merchant with her legs spread wide. All of the other bandits were behind the merchant, cheering her on as she reached between her legs and began to finger her pussy just inches from his face.
She continued for several minutes until someone shouted, "time!", then she closed her legs with a snap, slipped her wet fingers in her mouth and hopped off the table.
The merchant handed a bottle to Jon, and another cheer echoed from the group.
They all headed past us towards the exit, and Stacey made a point of stopping next to me. "It was worth it," she whispered and winked malevolently, before swaying after her new group.
"Oh hell no!" Katrus stormed over to the table, her daggers ready to skewer the jerk behind the table. Rozan and Jess were close behind and moved to flanking positions on the sitting seller.
"You can get a skanky gorgon to finger fuck herself, but there's no way you're going to do that to our friend."
The merchant laughed as the rest of us approached. "I don't think Ms. Everfrost would truly mind," he smiled, and I realized it was Jason in amazing makeup, "but I appreciate your friendships. I will not make her repeat that...performance.
"Besides," he wiped up some liquid from where Stacey had been sitting with a small rag, "gorgon juice is hard to come by. I don't want to dilute it with eau de Nymph."
He put the rag in a small jar and sealed it tightly. "So, how about instead I just take one of your jewels as payment."
I nodded and started removing one of the stones.
"Uh uh." He wagged his finger at me. "I get to pick the stone and I get to remove it."
Jason smiled at me, and I felt my thighs moisten. I nodded again and stood perfectly still.
He stood up, hunched over like an old man, and slowly looked me over. He ran his hands over my skin, tracing the stones he had helped put on hours before.
"Lovely stones these are." He touched my inner thighs, and I spread my legs wider. Katrus and the other rangers stood at the ready, but I made sure they understood I was okay.
"Shall we look for your hidden gems?" Jason slipped a finger down my slit and I let out a quiet whimper. As his finger touched my clit, teasing it, he leaned in as if to kiss me. "I think I found the right gen here," he grinned as he rubbed my clit. "Yes, that will do nicely."
He pulled away and I gasped at the sudden removal of the stimulation. "I have taken the stone I wanted," he announced, "I will contact the buyer as soon as I can, but remember, I may need a couple days to locate him. Do you understand?"
We all agreed, and he started packing up the remainder of his wares. "Oh, and beware, he added as we started to leave, "there are some that may wish to harm you out there."
***
We all headed back to the mages camp. It was the largest of our gathering spots, and didn't require a swim to reach it. We sat around, drinking sodas and chatting like real people instead of our characters for a while. I explained the whole back story behind Greg, Stacy and me, and they all agreed I was better off without them.
Rushwillow (Thomas) and Cidane (Tommy) talked about growing up down the street from each other and always being put together as "The Toms". They were as close as brothers despite the fact their physical differences.
Taleran (William) was an adventure scout, which explained his more muscular build. Normally he liked to play the sword swinging types, but he was enjoying the more mentally heavy mage character in this game.
Khitano (Jordan) was mostly a video game player, but a couple of friends had encouraged him to try out this game. He had and enjoyed it, so even though his friends had bailed after two sessions, he continued to come.
Jaimor (Jamie) came from the farthest away. Actually from the next state up, but he felt none of the LARPS up there were run as well, so he saved up his money to afford to come down every summer.
The girls, Jessalyn (Sandra), Katrus (Maria), and Rozan (Janice) were all friends from high school and college. They had been coming here the longest and actually knew Smitty and a few other gms from school.
The talk turned to the swimming excursion this morning and how much fun skinny dipping ended up being. Only Katrus had done it prior to this morning, and that had only been at an all girls camp.
"But it definitely wasn't as exciting as this time. I don't think I've seen Janice that red since senior prom."
We all looked at Rozan and she blushed as red as a beet before burying her head in Jaimor's shoulder. He wrapped his arms around her and held her tightly.
"That sounds like quite a story," Taleran encouraged.
Katrus looked at Rozan and shook her head. "And quite a lot of alcohol. Maybe we'll tell you if we're drunk enough."
Rozan smiled thankfully at Katrus, then snuggled deeper into Jaimor's arms.
My back was getting sore, and I realized that I needed to use the lavatory. Slowly, I stood up and stretched my stiff muscles. When I looked around, I noticed everyone was staring at me again. "What? You guys still haven't gotten your fill of looking at this?" I wiggled my hips teasingly.
"I won't have my fill of that until I'm six feet under."
Everyone laughed at Cidane's comment, but there didn't seem to be anyone disagreeing with him. I smiled sweetly at him.
"Well, I'll be back for your viewing pleasure soon, but for now I need to go to the little nymphs room. Anyone want to join me?"
Cidane's looked like he was going to take me up on the offer, so I rolled my eyes. "Pervert. I didn't mean like that." I looked around, specifically at the girls this time, but they all seemed comfortable and not in any hurry to move.
I shrugged my shoulders. "Okay. I'll be back." I headed down the trail, an extra something in my walk, knowing that all eyes were on my backside.
I headed to the closest bathroom, and quickly relieved myself. I washed up and headed back towards the hill. I was at the bottom, looking up and thinking about how much I didn't want to climb, when I felt something fly over my head and wrap around my arms and belly. I tried to move, but the more I struggled, the tighter I was held. I looked down and saw a rope wrapped around me, binding my arms to my torso.
"Woohoo! We caught ourselves a wild nude!"
I instantly recognized the crude voice Jon. Asshole. "You realize I'm not able to be grabbed by ropes like that right?"
"Oh, but you are." The serpentine hiss of a voice in my ear let me know that Stacey was invading my personal space. "You see, this lasso was coated with the intangibility potion I... purchased... from the merchant earlier. You most definitely can be affected by this rope.
"And," she leaned even closer to my ear and dropped her voice to the slightest whisper, "if you behave, I won't remind them there's enough potion left for some of their body parts."
I struggled to get away from her, realizing I had left my protective wand up at the top of the hill.
The hill. Everyone was still up there. I started screaming for help at the top of my lungs.
I heard some return shouts from the mage camp, and knew they were on their way. I felt a tug on the rope and I almost fell over.
"Come on nudie. You can either walk with us or we can drag you. One won't get you all scraped up."
I sighed and started walking slowly. Another tug made me stumble forward. "Faster."
I heard battle cries from the rangers and looked over my shoulder to see the eight of them charging down the hill towards the waiting bandit brigade. I tried to stop and watch the upcoming battle, but Jon was pulling on my restraints again.
"You guys hold them off. I'll bring her back to the meeting grounds." Another sharp tug and I was being rushed off the side of the path and through a wooded area. Without being able to use my hands, branches and thorns scratched me on all parts of my body. A couple more times, I stubbed my toes on rocks and almost lost my balance.
Finally, we reached the bandit camp. "Okay. You're our prisoner now. You'll stay here?"
I nodded slowly, thinking about how I could escape.
Stacey laughed. "She's going to try to run away the first chance she gets. I have a much better idea."
She took the rope from Jon, and led me over to a tall tree. She looped the rope around the tree, then tied it to the part that was just below my breasts. Holding the end tight, she looked me over, deciding what she wanted to do next. She nodded to herself, then wrapped the rope around the tree and my body again, this time at shoulder height, leaving my breasts between the two bindings.
"I've never been on this side of the rope before," she smiled sadistically at me.
She wrapped the rope around both levels, squeezing them together in my cleavage. Despite my terror at what was happening, I felt my nipples stiffening and my thighs getting damp.
She requested a second rope from Jon who was standing, staring at me, his hand slowly stroking himself through his pants. When he had presented the new cord to her, she made a presentation out of dipping it in a blue liquid, demonstrating that it too would now be able to bind me.
She tied one end around my left ankle, then around the back of the tree and around my right ankle, pulling my legs apart in the process. She continued to weave the rope back and forth up my legs from behind the tree, leaving me completely open and exposed while still securely tied up. She finished with the rope behind the tree, then came around to look at her handiwork.
"See." Now she can't escape and we can keep our eyes on her."
Jon grinned, his eyes exploring my body thoroughly.