I'm TC, 6' generic white guy, and Tao is the smoking hot Asian woman who somehow agreed to marry me. 5', 90lbs, A cup, amazingly smooth skin, great dark nipples, small waist, not an ounce of fat, and an incredible ass. On with the story...
Tao and I were looking for a field to take nude photos in. We did this occasionally for our own enjoyment and to keep things a bit spicy. It was a warm sunny day and we found the perfect spot, a field of some kind of yellow flowers on a hill far enough away from the main roads to be a little secluded. It was fairly close to a farm house though, so we sat and waited for a bit. The farm looked pretty run down, possibly abandoned, and we didn't see any movement or even any cars around, so after perhaps 15 minutes of small talk and planning the types of photos we wanted to take we decided it was safe and got out of the car.
Tao strips down as soon as she's out, which doesn't take much effort since she was only wearing a loose white dress anyway - no undies of any kind. I snapped a few photos of her undressing. When she's naked she reaches her arms up in the air and stretches, letting the sunlight and light breeze caress her naked skin. I get semi hard instantly watching her, and as we wander into the field and up the hill, her posing and me taking photos. I have her dress slung over my shoulder in case we see a car coming, but there's nothing in sight (or earshot) so we're pretty relaxed. After about 20 minutes and many photos we start to head back, but we've somehow gotten on the other side of the house. Still having seen no sign of life we don't worry too much, and in fact as we get nearer she starts to pose in front of the house, pretending to show off to someone looking out from the windows. Everything is getting even more erotic then her poses in the field when suddenly we hear footsteps coming from around the corner of the house.
Tao jumps, I can almost see her heart burst from her chest. I see her look to the car, but it's still too far, and the house is between it and us. She motions frantically for me to throw her the dress, which I do, but all she really has time to do is hold it up in front of her when the farmer rounds the corner. He stops shortly after rounding the corner, about 20 feet from Tao, and leans up against the house. He's not surprised at all to see us, and I start to suspect the house we thought was so empty actually had a set of eyes watching, and he's come out to get a closer look. Tao is standing, facing him, clutching her dress to her front, trying to cover as much as she can, but it's impossible to hide that she's nude. Her position facing him means I get a complete view of her backside, and seeing that (and her obvious embarrassment) with this farmer in the background is getting me even more turned on than I was taking the photos. This would make a perfect pic to remember the moment, but I don't really want to take a photo of the guy if he's mean, so we just stand and wait to see what he'll do.
"You could ask before you're going to romp around a guy's farm taking photos," he says. He doesn't seem upset at all by having Tao naked in his yard, in fact he's looking at her calmly like an old friend, as if she was wearing jeans and a T-shirt. I can't help but notice though that he has a bit of a bulge in his pants (I don't normally look, but hey, I'm a curious guy and it's a unique situation for me).
Tao seems to be speechless so I pipe up, "Sorry, we didn't think anyone lived here," trying to sound convincing.
"No problem," he says "I saw you two from inside and thought I might come out and introduce myself, be friendly." If I had Tao pinching her nipples and spreading her ass in front of my living room window, I might want to come out and say hi too, I think. I take a closer look at him looking for signs of danger but he seems like an ok guy. He's not movie star handsome, but he's ok looking. Perhaps 8-10 years older than we are, clean shaven, well kept, very slightly overweight and wearing clean jeans and a nice shirt. I find myself wondering if he cleaned up before coming out to meet us.
Tao looks over her shoulder at me with a question on her face. I give her an amused look and shrug. "He seems ok," is what I try and tell her without talking. He walks over to shake my hand.
"Name's Ted," he says.
"T.C.," I reply, taking his hand. He has a firm shake, but not trying to prove anything. Friendly. Tao has turned to keep her front to him, and he turns to her and offers his hand.
Tao cautiously takes her right hand from her dress and gently shakes. "Tao," she says. When she does so one side of her cover up flips down and one of her breasts is exposed. She doesn't realize it at first, until she returns her hand to her chest and it touches bare skin. She quickly fumbles with it to cover herself again and if possible reddens even more. He brushes it off kindly.
"Nice to meet you," he tells her and then trying to re-assure her says "don't worry, miss, a little skin never bothered me, and I saw quite a bit more from inside my bedroom over there," pointing to a window near where we are. "You have a beautiful body anyway, don't need to be shy around me."
Tao's tries to laugh nervously and attempts a smile. She's not quite freaked out anymore, but she's still shy and embarrassed and out of her element, she doesn't quite know how to handle what's going on.
"If you're not done taking photos, I would love to watch, if you don't mind," Ted says, as if we're dressed normally and simply taking photos in the park. Oddly he manages to make us, or me at least, feel even more relaxed than that. If someone approached us in the park and asked to watch it would be less intimidating perhaps, but far more "weird". At least he has an obvious reason here for wanting to watch. He steps off to the side a little so he's not between us.
Tao looks at me and I can see she's too shy to do anything but at the same time excited by the attention and definitely turned on. I notice she's turned slightly to face me and is giving Ted a side angle, including from my estimate a little ass. I look at Ted and he's calmly appraising the view. I raise the camera and give Tao a questioning look. Ok? She doesn't say no, so I snap a pic of her holding her dress to her front. After a few more shots she begins to relax a little and turns a little more towards the camera. Ted now has an almost full view of her backside. I frame a few shots with him in the background looking on.
I ask Tao to put one hand behind her head. This means taking one hand off her dress and hopefully uncovering a breast like she did unintentionally last time. She knows what I'm doing and gives me a wicked "I know what you're thinking" look, but does it anyway. One breast and it's very excited nipple are again freed to be touched by the sunlight. Her back is to Ted and he can't see it, which is probably the only reason she did it, but he's obviously aware of what she's done. He remains where he is, allowing me to build Tao's confidence slowly. I take a few photos of her like that then ask her to lower her dress to her waist.
Again she gives me the look, but it's half-hearted this time, she's starting to get a little more into it. She lowers the top part and places the hand holding the dress on her stomach, giving me a view of almost everything. The dress hanging from her hand and loosely covering her lower abdomen and pussy. I take more photos and she starts to pose a bit, turning into and away from the light, giving Ted in the background views of her breasts from the side.
I lowered the camera for a moment and ask him if he minds being in the background of the photos. Tao suddenly remembers she's posing for someone other than me and for a second brings her arm up to cover her breasts, but then slowly lowers it again and turns to Ted to see his reply. Her dress is still hanging from one hand covering her, but she's giving him a full on view of her breasts for the first time since he revealed himself. Ted pauses for a moment, caught staring, then he catches her eye and he blushes and mumbles an apology for being rude and she smiles and perks up. He just won her over.
She walks the few steps it takes to reach me and hands me her dress, covering her pussy shyly with one hand, but a moment later she forces herself to relax and moves it to her hip. She's facing me again so he doesn't see what she just revealed, but again he has a pretty good idea of what I'm seeing. I take more photos, she poses, relaxing more and more with each shot. She shoves her ass in his direction, leans forward and pouts. Awesome photo.
She stands, spreads her legs, and places her hands on her hips - tough girl. I take a couple pics then squat down to shoot between her legs. Ted squats down on the other side of her about 20 feet away and I take a pic of him through her legs. He can easily see her pussy lips framed between her ass and thighs. A couple pics later she's turned around to show him her front and me her ass, and I get the same view he had a moment ago, snapping pics of her bare pussy lips with Ted looking on.
She looks back at me to make sure I'm still taking photos, then does a sexy, hip swaying walk towards Ted as I continue to shoot. She gets to about 5 feet from him, looks back for a couple photos, then turns and bends over at the waist. He's still squatting, so she's practically pushing her ass in his face. I notice through the lens that he's probably about as hard as I am now and he's not a poorly endowed guy. I'm pretty sure Tao hasn't failed to notice his arousal either, being as close to him as she is.
She reaches back and parts her ass cheeks and makes her sexy model "I'm gonna cum" face for the camera. She slides her hands up, around her waist and cups her breasts for a couple more shots, then wiggles her bum. Ted moves his hand towards Tao's ass but looks my way to check if it's ok before he touches her. I look at Tao and she's obviously enjoying herself now. I make a quick judgement call and decide Ted is safe. I nod to him and he gently places his hand on her right ass cheek.
She jumps a little but doesn't move and I take more photos. She stands, reaches behind her and pulls his hand up around her so he's standing and his hand is now resting on her right breast. His other hand moves on it's own to her stomach. She reaches her hands over her head, stretching her body as he holds her from behind in a loose hug. I take pics almost constantly as he runs his hands lightly, softly over her front, pausing on her breasts and her stomach. Tao is short and her pussy is too low for him to reach without bending down, which is fine since I think he might lose his mind if he got near there anyway. I can see her gently pushing her ass back against him.
After holding position for maybe a minute and letting his hands roam her front, Tao suddenly spins around in his arms and pushes herself up on her toes. Wrapping her arms around his neck and placing her chin on his shoulder she perfects the classic "I missed you so much!" pose, except that she's completely nude and never met this guy until about 5 minutes ago. I take photos and try to keep from exploding in my pants.
Tao gets down off her tip toes but before he lets go of her she asks if he can carry her. Almost before he can answer she jumps into his arms so he has one arm under her shoulder and the other under her knees. Tao snuggles her head against his chest and closes her eyes, looking very content. Another great photo.
I suspect I'm not the only one desperate for some release as she thanks him nicely for being a gentleman and being so nice to her. I can see she's readying to go, so I walk over to them and offer her dress to her, but she tells me to hold it and we start to head back to the car. As we walk I give Ted the camera to look over the photos we took and Tao leans close to me and tells me how incredibly wet she is, and that when Ted was letting her down his fingers brushed her pussy, so Ted knew too. I whispered back that he had far more restraint than I would have had in that situation and ran my hand down her back, between her ass cheeks, and dipped in between her lips.
She wasn't exaggerating - she was soaking, I don't think I've ever seen her this wet. To this day I don't understand how all that sweet nectar could be there, waiting, without flooding down her legs. We had reached the car by this point and the feel of her pussy caused me to lose it. I spun her around and kissed her hard. She was a little surprised, but she was far too long gone to fight it and she kissed back just as hard. Ted was standing 3 feet from us, but neither of us cared.
My hands raced over her body, her breasts, ass, pussy, legs, back up to her face, trailing her juice. My fingers into my mouth - her taste dancing on my tongue - then into hers as we kissed again. As my hand pressed against her pussy again and she fell back on the hood of the car and spread her legs for me, my fingers pressing to her clit. One press, that's all it took, and she came, her back arching and her head thrown back. She let out a moan of pure uncontrolled pleasure and her pussy started squirting.
Two fingers slipped inside, and I massaged her g-spot as she came again, her body convulsing on the hood of the car. She pulled my hand away from her and ripped off my belt and shoved my pants down to my ankles. I have no idea how she did it, not that I was paying too much attention, but she had me naked from the waist down in about 2 seconds flat. She grabbed my cock and seeing I needed no encouragement turned over on her hands and knees, spreading her legs and lowering her ass until it almost touched the hood of the car, perfectly positioned.
I didn't need any further encouragement, I entered her and started fucking her like a crazed rabbit. She came again about 3 strokes in and almost lost her perch on the car, her body was shaking so hard. She looked back at me, then shifted her gaze, looking off into space behind me, staring as I pumped madly in and out of her. Every few seconds she'd glance back at me and then back to what she was looking at.
Sixty seconds later I exploded inside her. I've never cum so hard in my life, I'm surprised I didn't hurt her with the force at which my cum shot from me and into her. She came again, still staring into the space beside me, struggling to keep her eyes open as the orgasm took her. She finally lost muscle control and collapsed on the hood, pulling my cock from her pulsating pussy, my last spurt shooting on her ass and back.
I fell down on the grass in front of the car, my legs shaking too much to continue standing. She lay face down on the hood, breathing heavily, trying to stay awake and I lay back with my eyes closed. I honestly think I passed out, but recovered what must have been only a few seconds later, opening my eyes to see Ted taking photos of Tao laying naked on the car, her legs still wide apart and her ass and pussy on full display. She was smiling weakly at the camera and making no attempt at all to hide herself, my cum dripping from her already drenched pussy, adding to the puddle on the hood of the car. Looking down I saw Ted's crotch was soaked, he had cum in his pants while we were fucking. Poor guy, I felt sorry for him, but at least he got some release.
Tao and I recovered after a few minutes and I pulled my pants back on, making a comment about the large cum spot on the front of the car. Tao refused her dress again and got into the car beside me, still completely naked. She rolled down her window and talked to Ted for a moment, again thanking him for being a perfect gentleman and apologizing that she couldn't "help him out". Ted assured her that it was his pleasure.
Tao, on impulse I suspect, grabbed his hand and pulled it into the car, scooting her ass off the seat and pushing his hand between her legs. She placed her hand on top of his and I could see him curl his fingers, sliding them easily inside her. She closed her eyes just for a moment and moaned lightly, then she pulled him out and sat back down and he withdrew his hand from the car.
"Sorry it's all messy," she said. Ted didn't say anything, just touched his fingers to his lips. Tao made a joking "that's disgusting" face, winked, smiled and kissed the air towards him. I pulled the car away and we drove off, watching him standing in the rearview mirror. Before we pulled back onto the more populated roads, Tao had me pull over and she got out and put her dress back on. The seat was soaked with her and my juices, but she didn't care, sitting back down and soaking up our cum with the back of her dress. She lay back and slept all the way home.
The next day I loaded the photos from the camera onto our computer. There were about two hundred that I hadn't taken. Ted took them, of me fucking Tao. There was even a movie of her looking at him and the camera while she came hard that last time, and her collapsing on the car hood. I was so lost in my own orgasm that watching it from another viewpoint I could see her body losing control - her orgasm must have been incredible. I remembered her looking past me while I was fucking her. She was looking at Ted and the camera, fixing him in her stare while she was fucked hard and came. No wonder Ted creamed in his pants, who can resist the look of a woman cumming, especially after the foreplay.