I was on my way to pick up a climbing buddy for a weekend of free-style mountaineering and getting hammered on fine Irish peat monster.
I stupidly took a shortcut through Nowheresville. That's where my SUV broke down during a once-in-a-decade tropical storm. If the breakdown didn't screw up our plans, the storm certainly would. Only the kind of idiot who believes in black magic would go rock climbing in a tropical downpour.
According to the news radio, the storm had stalled over New England and in some places it was raining an inch an hour. Make that two-inches in Nowheresville. I pushed the climbing ropes and carabiners aside, curled up in my sleeping bag, and dreamed of the dragon.
"Pardon the interruption," he said. "I'll be brief."
He was an Eastern dragon. A skinny snakelike body, yellow reptilian eyes, and a human face with hair going salt-and-pepper around the temples without looking at all distinguished. Just old. Compared to a sleek and frightening Western dragon, he was homely at best. Butt-ugly also comes to mind. Imagine a wrinkled human head atop a wiggly Slinky toy.
"You don't have a cell phone with service, do you?" I asked. I do things like that when I'm dreaming.
"Sorry. But the first house on the right does. Now if you'll just relax, I've got a couple questions for your unconscious."
"Careful where you step," I told him. "My shrink says it's a sewer down there."
"I'll keep that in mind. Enjoy your nap."
'Such a polite dragon,' I thought, drifting deeper into sleep. Too bad he looks like a dick-head.
###
At dawn, a Victorian farmhouse becomes visible through the downpour. The garden appears as if Jack planted all his magic beans at once. Some of the oversized vegetation reaches the eves, at least 30 feet high.
If there's a Jack, maybe there's also a Jill? I'm always hopeful.
Don't get me wrong. There are women in my life. Perhaps too many women. Most have an agenda. They want a Sugar Daddy. As a mid-thirty-something, I'm too old for young love, and too young for a trophy companion. My friends say I'm on the cusp of becoming "a confirmed bachelor."
At the first letup in the storm, I run for the house. About half way, a wall of wind-driven rain almost knocks me off my feet. I'm soaked to the jock strap in about 30-seconds.
There is some kind of commercial sign at the driveway, but the rain is too heavy to read it. The doorbell sounds like a wind chime and the windows are fogged on the inside.
I'm leaning forward, trying to peer through the window when the door swings open and I find myself inches from the shapeliest part of a terry-cloth bathrobe.
The girl wearing the robe is agonizingly beautiful. Dirty blond hair, emerald green eyes and a Milky Way of pale freckles across the bridge of a slightly turned-up nose. She probably had once been the ugly duckling next door, or the Tom boy you barely tolerated.
That would have been about twenty years ago. Things are very different now.
Even before I hear the perfect modulation of her voice, I want her. Will go anywhere, do anything to be with her. If my life is a song, she's the missing melody. She's the long riff that begins in my libido and lights up the neural pathways of my brain like the Fourth of July.
"We open at Ten," she says in a voice as sweet as her smile. "Can you come back..." she starts to ask, before her face breaks into a broad and sympathetic grin. "Poor you," she says with genuine empathy. "You look like a drowned puppy."
"My ship sank about a mile down the road," I reply. "I had to swim."
"Well, get inside, sailor," she laughs. "I'll find some towels. I'm Lula, by the way."
"Rob," I say, but she's already half-way down the hall to the kitchen.
"Nice to meetcha, Rob" she calls out over her shoulder.
While Lula looks for towels, I drip on a floor mat.
Lula's place is spotless, the polished wood floors gleam like an Arizona sunrise.
On the right is a living room decorated as an old gentleman's club with winged-back Chesterfield chairs and a large nude oil painting over the fireplace, a reclining nude that looks a lot like Lula. There's an imposing 12-point buck head on the opposite wall. But there's no gingham, or chintz, family portraits, or anything dyed or painted pink or green. Refreshing as a cold pint of Guinness.
On the left, the dinning room has been recently subdivided. There's now a wall with three wood-paneled doors numbered one, two, and three. Not your typical Victorian dining room.
Lula reappears with two bath towels and an old cigar box. "Put your valuables in the box and give me your clothes," she tells me.
"Right here?" I ask, but understand why she doesn't want me dripping water on her hardwood floors.
"Yes, sailor. We're a clothing optional establishment."
I'm not sure what that means, but I do what she says. Despite being cold and soaked, Lula in her bath robe is so arousing that by the time I get my wet briefs off, I'm at half mast.
"Nice," she says, a sparkle in her eye. She kneels in front of my cock, taking it very gently in her fingertips and inspecting it closely. "A Goldie-Locks cock," she says looking up at me.
"Goldie Locks?" I'm confused, and shocked, and try not to study her nipples too closely since the top of her robe has pulled open and I'm looking directly down her milky white tits. Maybe she mistook my manhood for a Creamsicle? Loved those as a kid. Lick off the orange part to get at the creamy vanilla center.
"As in the 'Three Bears.' Not too big... not too small... just right," she giggles and stands up, letting go of my now very stiff willie. "Something like that."
"On the subject of fairy tales," I say, trying to hide my disappointment that Lula didn't slip my Goldie-Locks cock between her full, red lips while she had it inches away, even if it probably doesn't taste like a Creamsicle. "What's with the giant bean stalks outside?"
Anything for a distraction.
"Amazing garden, isn't it? Courtesy of the previous owner. A Vietnam vet who apparently had a bamboo fetish. Don't know anyone with a panda, do you?"
"Just the National Zoo. I didn't think bamboo grew this far north."
"Nobody else does either. Let's warm you up. Your lips are turning purple. Follow me."
Lula bundles up my wet clothes and I follow her to a laundry area next to the kitchen. She throws my stuff in the washing machine, adds some detergent and starts it. "In here," she says, swinging a door open and turning on the lights. "Face down."
There's some kind of waterproof-vinyl table and as I stretch out on it, I tuck my swollen cock under my stomach so it doesn't hang out between my legs. Lula turns some valves. An apparatus overhead shudders and bangs and a hot mist pours down on me.
When I glance over at Lula, she's as naked as a hypo-allergenic cat, and there's a big soapy brush in her hands. She still has a Tom-boy's toned muscles, but her body? Good god! Hard to imagine how it could be more perfect. Starting with ripe, up-thrust breasts. Not too big. Not too small. Everything else is in perfect proportion from there.
A little shiver passes down my spine as I relax into the soft, wet table top. Once in a while, I take a sideways peek at Lula while she works my back and legs with the soapy brush. Every time I look at her, my erection increases by a notch or two. Mostly, I keep my eyes closed and hope that if this is a dream, I never wake up.
Lula's skin is slightly tanned and flawless, except for a sprinkle of freckles across her chest. I imagine each of those freckles is a planet and wonder what it would be like to live on one the worlds on the edge of her tan line?
Lula has no tats on her arms, legs or torso. Just softly rippling muscles and the kinds of curves that will get you thrown out of class if you drew them in high-school geometry.
After the brush, Lula takes a natural sponge and wipes off the soap. She spreads my ass cheeks, ladles a little warm water into the crack, and runs the sponge all the way down to my balls. I moan. The happy, satisfied kind.
"You like that?" She doesn't really have ask. She grabs the ladle and does it twice more. 'This woman is just too good to be true,' I think. 'A heavenly angel.'
When Lula turns around, I catch a glimpse of her upper torso from the back. If my jaw could have dropped, it would have. On the back of each shoulder blade is faint scar about two-inches wide and six-inches long. Exactly where angel wings would have grown, if such a thing existed.
"What?" she asks, noticing my look of astonishment. "My scars?"
"You really are an angel!"
She laughs. "And when this rain stops we'll find a sunken ship a mile down the road. According to my mom, it was some kind birth defect that was fixed when I was still an infant."
"They may have clipped your wings, but you're still an angel to me."
"Stop it," she giggles. "I'm very flattered that you think that. But I'm no angel. Didn't you see the sign?"
"Couldn't read it in the rain."
"Oh, Rob," she laughs. "It says 'Lula's Holistic Asian Massage Parlor.' It's your lucky day, sailor. You've just been rescued by three hand-job whores in a massage parlor that's probably going see its slowest day of the year, unless this rain lets up."
"Three?"
"Suzi and Keiko are still asleep. And it's time for you to turn over."
I do as Lula tells me and she soaps my chest, and groin and legs with the brush. My cock is fully erect and stiff as rebar. When Lula's tiny fingers wrap around, it only gets harder. She tugs gently, and increases the rhythm until I can feel an ejaculation building.
For some reason I wonder if Lula fills out applications with the phrase "sex-worker?" Out of the blue, she slaps my cock. Hard. Maybe she's a mind-reader.
I howl in pain. "Sorry, Rob. Didn't want you shooting too soon. There's a house rule at Lula's. 'No copulating with customers.' But you're not a customer, are you?"
"Just a shipwrecked sailor with a damaged cock who washed in with the rain." At least I'm still rigid as a fence post. But any thought of orgasm faded as pain flooded my groin. But even after the surprise slap and the Asian massage parlor revelation, I still want Lula desperately.
Angel or whore. Lula is my missing melody.
"Let me make you feel better, sailor," she says, climbing on the table next to me, then lowering herself effortlessly onto my cock until our pubic bones are touching.
"No foreplay?" I ask? I also notice the door's been left open. But that's hardly a priority.
"No need. You're hard as a tire iron. And I've been horny since the storm woke me. You're the answer to a dirty girl's prayers."
"Ohhhhh," I moan as the hot, tight sheath of her Lula's vagina engulfs me and I feel a long, sad saxophone note pull at my heart strings. Then Charlie Parker, the jazz saxophonist, appears in the mist and whispers in my ear, "this is what you've been missing, ain't it kid?"
"It is," I say under my breath. I want Lula more than I ever wanted anything.
"Oh, yes, Baby. It really is," Lula answers. "This must be why they say 'all the way.' Cause there's no where else left to go."
"Not for me."
"Me either."
Neither of us moves. The slippery, wet walls of paradise grip me with a delicious frisson. I look into the infinite wonder of her eyes, losing myself in their laughter. Their hidden intelligence. Losing myself in Lula.
I don't know how long it lasts. My torso pinned under Lula's lithe body. Her breasts pressed against mine, our diaphragms touching so that our breathing becomes perfectly synchronized. Our public bones locked together. We are motionless, resting in silent meditation, drinking in the measure of each other.
Finally, her eyes close and she moves her lips to my ear.
"I forgot to offer you coffee, didn't I?" she whispers.
"You offered me something a thousand-million times better."
"I did?"
"Yes. Yourself."
"Nothing so special about that."
"I think so."
"Have you ever done this before? Being still so long with your cock in the honeypot?"
"No. You?" I asked.
"Never. It's nice. Very Tantric. But..."
"It's time to cum?"
"I think so."
"Me too."
With that, we pull apart a couple inches, then come together again. Gradually, the pace quickens. Lula's breath grows deeper and more ragged. So does mine. Our bodies and our breathing move in unison. No false starts or stops. Our tempo builds like embers in the wind until the passion burns white hot.
She starts to scream my name as her muscles contract, pulling me deeper inside. In that instant, I cum too. Like never before. Pulse after sticky wet pulse. I open my eyes, soaking in her beauty.
Lula's eyes flutter open too. For a fraction of an instant, her pupil is a vertical slit. Like a cat.
"Did you know that when you first open your eyes..." I mutter.
"They look feline?"
"I thought I heard you purring earlier."
"Ha. Ha. Part of that birth defect thing. Mom told me a famous eye surgeon fixed it for free when I was an infant because it was so rare. Now they are only cat-like in the dark. Or sometimes when I first open my eyes. And I have incredible night vision."
"Saves on electricity?"
"And flashlight batteries."
"Did they fix your claws as well?" I ask, taking her hand in mine.
"Why? Do you have an itch you want me to scratch?"
Then she put her lips on mine and we make out like a couple of horny teens until I notice someone watching us from the open door. She's Asian. Smaller than Lula, but almost as beautiful, if that's possible.
She's also naked, except for tiny white thong. One hand fondles her breast, the other is inside her thong. When I catch her eye, she grins with a shy, 'looks like I got caught with my hand in the cookie jar' kind of smile.
"Lula-san?" she asks with a sweet Japanese accent that oozes sexuality. "It's Ten. You want me to open up?".
"Yes, Suzi," Lulu laughs. Being watched by Suzi hasn't phased Lulu. "Probably will be a slow day until this rain stops."
'Ten o'clock.' I'm speechless. We'd been making love for three hours. Probably more. And it is gone in a heartbeat."
We kiss again. "That was beautiful," Lula whispers. "It's the first time... I've ever cum at the like that. Simultaneously."
"Me too."
We kiss some more. Then reluctantly disengage. I'm still firm. Lula is still wet and warm. But my stomach is audibly growling.
"Sounds like you need some coffee and eggs, sailor," Lula says. "And I'll formally introduce you to Suzi and Keiko as long as you promise me one thing."
"What's that?"
"You save this for me," Lula says, squeezing my balls.
"Promise!"
"It may be harder than you think," she laughs.
Lula is right. Suzi is so sexy she could make a dead man cum. It turns out Keiko is not far behind. It will be a long time before the vivid image of Suzi masturbating in the door while watching Lulu and I make out on the water table begins to fade.
They arrive at breakfast wearing tiny butt shorts and little cotton T-shirts without bras. As the four of us sit down together for breakfast, I truly wonder if I haven't died and gone to heaven.
It occurs to me I haven't called about a tow, or let my climbing buddy know I'm still alive. But all that seems so far away. The responsibilities of some former lifetime.
After breakfast, I try to help clear the table, but Keiko won't let me and Lula drags me up a rear stairway and into a large bedroom overlooking the road. It's still raining and I can make out a dark smudge where I left the Range Rover.
Lula's room is surprisingly uncluttered, almost monastic. There's a double bed, a night stand, a bookcase, a desk with a laptop and an overstuffed reading chair. The walls are white, the floors are bare hardwood, with one large Afghan prayer rug. Marie Kondo would love it.
There are also half-a-dozen framed paintings. All very excellent portraits by the same artist. The style is vibrant and expressive. Each one captures something essential about its subject.
"You went to art school?" I guess.
"In Boston. You like them?"
"You have enormous talent. Do you still paint?"
"Sometimes. I'd like to do your portrait. But first, there's something we have to do," she says dropping her robe and pulling off mine as well.
They say the yin/yang symbol is an ancient predecessor to "69." A position that ignites all five senses — taste, smell, touch, vision and hearing — in a way no other sexual activity can. So, Grasshopper, remember that the dragon created a cosmos of dualities: darkness and light, hot and cold, hard and soft, male and female. If unity is what you seek, 69 is the pathway.
The 'something else we have to do,' that Lula mentions is her way of saying 'let's get down to a little lip service.' The next thing I know, I'm on my back with Lula's swollen pink pussy lips inches from my mouth. And Lula's tongue is racing laps around my cock like it's in the Indy 500.
Something must have increased her arousal. Either my cock in her mouth or my eyes on her pussy lips, or maybe both. As I watch, her outer lips spread open and the inner folds descend in slow motion like some kind of Nature channel video of a flower in springtime. Damn, if Georgia O'Keefe didn't have it right, metaphorically speaking.
I peel back Lula's outer lips, then roll them between my finger tips while drawing my tongue along their edges. She moans contently.
After a couple minutes, I go deeper, sucking on the delicate inner lips. This time Lula groans. The girl-juice is flowing freely. Chock-a-block with pheromones and hormones and Yahweh only knows what other aphrodisiacs and stimulants. The aroma alone is enough to make my cock another silly-millimeter longer. The taste is like the nectar of the gods. Salty. Womanly. Heavenly.
I am so entranced by Lula's sex candy, that I overlook something important. Not until I stop slurping and open my eyes and see the little pearl peeking out at me from under it's hood, do I remember.
I haven't sucked Lula's clit.
Her groans take on a new dimension. More lioness than pussy cat. Deep and guttural. Lula's clit is too small to suck properly, but the tongue lashing I give it is enough to kick her arousal into another gear. I put my free hand on her nipple and twist. The groan picks up another five decibels.
Lula responds by ramping up her action on my cock. Using her fingers along with lips and tongue and mouth. I can feel the fire burning in my gut. And my nuts.
I'm sure the "Kama Sutra" has more to offer, but there's only one thing left in my playbook. I slip my tongue between her inner lips and probe her vagina. Soft and slippery. Then hard and wet, like a cock going in and out. My finger circles her clit, pressing harder and harder.
Lula is mewling like a cat in heat and I'm joining the chorus with my own groans and moans and warning, "I'm gonna cum... gonna cum..."
Like a well rehearsed marching band, we cum in perfect synchronicity. Again.
Lula's muscle contractions grasp my tongue and tug it deeper. I ejaculate between her tongue and the roof of her mouth, spurting stream after stream of sticky hot cum. Even as she shakes like a rag doll from her own orgasm, Lula somehow gulps down the river of juice that flows from the tip of my cock.
When it's over, we lie side-by-side, tongue-kissing and redistributing what remains of our body fluids.
"It happened again," she says.
"I know. It's wonderful. Know what I'm thinking?"
"The same as me?"
"If this happens once more, we're going straight to the justice of the peace to get married."
"Something like that," Lula giggles. "Except I'm going to chain you in the basement as my love slave."
"You have chains in the basement?"
"Don't know. It's such a mess I'm terrified to go down there. But I know where Home Depot is."
I laugh, then look deeply into Lula's eyes. She stares back, unblinking. "I don't know what's going on. But I think I'm in love."
Love? A ball and chain? A sick joke? Life's greatest irony? A delusion brought on by over-active hormones? All my definitions, until a few hours ago.
"I feel the same way, Rob. This girl is so happy, it's frightening." Then she looks at me very seriously. "Can I trust you not to hurt me?"
"You can trust me with your life." As a rock climber, I understand exactly what that means.
Lula searches my eyes for a long time. Then sighs contentedly. We kiss some more and fall asleep in each other's arms listening to the rain and the wind as the storm rages outside.
###
Lula was right about the storm. According to Suzi, the only customers are a two-man electrical repair crew who, having worked overtime through the night, decide to splurge on a total relaxation experience with Suzi and Keiko. Thinking about that almost makes me jealous.
"You're going to have fuck them, aren't you?" Lula asks, reading my mind again.
"Suzi and Keiko? I can resist. Not easy, but for you, I can do anything."
"But you're always going to wonder what it would be like to touch them. To hold them. To feel them cum."
"True as cornbread," I concede.
"Cornbread?" Lula looks puzzled.
"I don't know. Just made that up. But, yes, you're right. You can't eat all the Halloween candy at once without getting sick."
"I know what you mean. If I fucked every hot guy who turned me on, some jealous woman would have ripped my eyes out by now."
"Is that an example, or a threat?" I ask.
"Both," she laughs.
"Anyway, aren't we forgetting what Suzi and Keiko think about all this?" I ask.
"I'm not. You have no idea how horny a girl can get from jerking off cock all week. At least Suzi and Keiko are bi. They have each other. But they'll ride your cock anytime they can get in your pants."
"Um, OK. What about you, when you wake up horny and there are no drowning sailors to rescue."
"I have Dick," she reaches under the side table and pulls out a large silver vibrator.
"You sure do!" Watching Lula sensuously stroking her vibe sends a jolt of arousal straight to my cock. "Could I, um, watch you and Dick?"
For the first time, Lula is a little bashful. "If you want, Rob. I've only used Dick in private before," she says with a hint of a blush in her cheeks. But she turns it on low, and begins with her nipples, never taking her eyes off mine. She massages each breast with one hand, and teases her tiny pink areola and quickly stiffening nipples with the tip of the vibe.
Soon the vibe is sliding down her concave tummy, leaving a trail of goosebumps behind. "Aren't you going to join me?" she asks, nodding toward my now fully engorged cock. "Let''s do this together."
"Mmmmmm," is all I can say as I wrap my fingers around the base of my cock and take several long, feathery strokes up and down it's full length. I watch her beautiful features go through a full cycle of expressions. A grimace of pain. A sigh of relief. A shiver of joy. A fleeting moment of contentment.
A hot wave of desire surges through my veins. I throw myself on Lula. Her eyes go wide with surprise. Then she smiles with mischief and happiness as my cock sides between her legs and finds the open cleft waiting for me there. This time there is no slow burn. We fuck like rabbits. Balls slapping, bodies crashing, hips thrusting, salty sweat pouring off our bodies. And when we cum it is with a howl and a scream. For a blissful instant we are one. One body and soul soaring across the face of creation.
As the afterglow fades, I want her. Need her. As badly now as the moment I first saw her. Not because she is pure. Like she says of herself, Lula is a dirty girl.
Deliciously dirty. Warped and kinky in all the best ways. Mother Theresa, she's not. But Lula doesn't even know what a selfish thought is like. She's never had one. Nor is she naive in a starry-eyed, impractical kind of way. She's aware the world can be a cruel place. But Lula simply doesn't have the capacity to be selfish, or jealous, or greedy or vindictive. She has no reason to feel guilt. I'm not even sure she knows how to worry.
Would she survive in my world of big city sophisticates and functional neurotics?
Probably not. But I would never ask her to. She's thriving in her own world, practicing the oldest, and sometimes most reviled profession. But who's the the real prostitute? The women who barter their souls for power, fortune and fame? Or Lula who does the thing she knows best with skill and humility and warm-heated grace?
I stand up and throw her naked body over my shoulder and stagger towards the door.
"Where are we going?" she giggles.
"Just what I said. Justice of the peace." It is ridiculous, of course. And we both fall back into bed in a laughing fit. But in a perverse way, I mean it. And Lula knows that.
Once we calm down, Lula pulls on some white cotton bikini panties, a pair of cut offs, and a "Red Sox" T-shirt. It's the first time I've seen her in clothes.
"I'll get your clothes," she says and scampers down stairs to the dryer.
As I dress, I ask if I can use the phone to call a tow. And offer to tackle her "terrifying basement" if she wants. Green light on both.
My buddy is a little miffed that it's taken so long to reach him, but I explain the distraction. The Range Rover dealer is 80 miles away and swamped with break downs. Monday morning is as soon as they can get here. That's just fine with me. I doubt Lula will mind either.
From the dust on the stairs, it looks as if no one's been in the basement for a couple of years. There's a layer of dirt on everything along with plenty of spider webs. There's the usual thrash. Old computer printers, car parts, broken furniture, electrical fixtures, a cracked toilet, old paint cans, you name it. It takes a couple of hours to organize things.
While sweeping up, I make an unsettling discovery. A large concrete slab in the floor. Probably weighs 2,000 pounds. Innocuous, except for a brass fitting of some kind near one edge. Nearby is a block-and-tackle with a heavy brass key, obviously used to open this Kong-sized trap door.
My first vision is a torture chamber. Or maybe a high-end wine cellar. Or even a treasure vault.
A dragon's lair never crosses my mind.
"Rob," Lula calls from the top of the stairs. "Think you can give a massage?"
"Sure. Where's it hurt?"
"Not me. A customer."
"I don't swing both ways." I thought she knew that.
"I know that," she giggles. "This is a female customer who doesn't swing both ways either. Asked if we have a male masseuse?"
"I've got my YouTube certificate in deep-tissue massage."
"Great. Ever had an Asian massage?"
"Thirty-minutes on the back, hands, arms, feet and legs with oil. Go as far up the inner thighs as the customer allows. After the flip do the temples, jaws, neck, chest, work down tummy and abs, and up from the ankles to the inner thighs. At 45-minutes get the hot towel and wipe off any oil. The last 15 minutes is for the happy ending and cleanup."
"That's the formula. I think she's got the mid-month hornies. You don't mind? Joining the team?"
"I'd be honored. Give me a couple minutes to wash the dust off."
"I'll put her in room one and ask her to undress as far as she feels comfortable."
"I'm on my way."
The customer's name is Jean and she's already face down. She's got luxuriant chestnut hair that's been tied in a bun. And a nice figure, a bit on the voluptuous side with a shapely ass covered by a small towel. On first impression, I'd put her age at about 35.
We chat for a minute and I suggest a deep tissue massage, medium pressure and a light, scent-less massage oil. Jean agrees, and as I begin, traditional Japanese flute melodies play faintly in the background.
Jean asks where I'm from. Grew up in NYC, I tell her.
How do I like working at Lula's? I answer honestly, Lula's offers the best fringe benefits of any job I've ever had. She laughs.
Do I live in the area? At the moment, I say, I'm still commuting from Manhattan.
If I decide to move to the country, she's a Realtor and can probably find me a nice house for about 25% of what I'm paying in NYC for an apartment. I tell her I just might take her up on that as my fingers reach the privacy towel she's placed on her butt.
I reach underneath, without objection, and discover she's as naked as a skin-mag model. I work over her glutes and Jean takes a deep breath, letting out a faint moan. At 20 minutes I start down the outer legs, and once I reach her feet, I pay a lot of attention to her ankles, Achilles, and her toes and am rewarded with more moans of appreciation. With five minutes left, I work my way north along the calves and inner thighs.
The first time I graze a pussy lip, it's only a feather-like touch, a plausible accident. She wiggles her butt ever so slightly, and opens her legs in case there's any doubt. The next stroke is still possibly in the accidental category, but there's nothing random about the way Jean responds with a happy little mewl. Soon each time I massage her inner thighs, it ends with a long stroking caress of her pussy lips.
The aroma on my fingertips tells me all I need to know.
At 30 minutes I whisper that it's "time to turn over," and hold the towel up to block my view until she's setting into position.
"Towel is a little silly now, isn't it?" she asks.
I toss in the towel hamper and mutter "beautiful" under my breath as I see both her shaved pussy and a very attractive face for the first time.
"Flattery will get you everywhere, handsome," she smiles, appraising me for the first time too.
I give her a little kiss on the forehead and go to work on her temples. Jean closes her eyes, but her smile keeps growing wider. I'm sensing the beginnings of a satisfied customer.
I do her neck and chest and don't even hesitate at her breasts, kneading them gently while searching for her pressure-sensitive mammary glands with my fingers. When I find them I press and Jean moans happily.
"Thought I was the only one who knew where those are," Jean whispers.
"Trade secret. Want to see a couple more?"
"Yes, please!"
I lower my mouth to her nipple, sucking it deep and pressing the nip with my tongue. Then the unexpected. I lift the other nipple to her lips.
"Go ahead, suck the way you like it," I say.
"Oh, my, God!" She takes the nipple reluctantly, but in a moment we are both working her nips like a pair of dehydrated twins.
From there, I continue the deep tissue work down to her toes. I avoid her pussy. For now. She works both breasts vigorously with her mouth and tongue.
At 45 minutes I excuse myself to get a hot towel. Lula is standing by the microwave and hits the express button.
"How's it going?"
"I predict a satisfied customer in about 14 minutes," I say looking at my watch.
"Give her lots of time to dress. Girls take longer. Then bring her through the kitchen, there's a 'celebrity' path down to parking lot. I'll put her umbrella by the door and one for you too."
"Got it."
"And how do you feel?" she smiles. "About being a hand-job whore?"
"If you need a male masseuse, I'm your man."
"You are my man," Lula says, followed by a very long and deep kiss.
"13 minutes," I say, snatching up the hot towel.
With the door open, I see Jean in the light. A few crow's feet around the eyes, some stretch marks on her breasts and hips. But all in all, a very attractive customer for my introduction to whoredom.
Starting at her temples, I wipe off the oil with the hot towel. Then go straight to her inner thighs, nudging her legs open another foot or so.
"Oh, yes," she murmurs. I take that for the all clear.
I spend a little too long caressing her inner and outer labia and teasing her clit. By the time my finger slides inside, Jean is flooding like the Nile in rainy season. She has four, maybe five orgasms. When the vaginal stimulation starts getting ineffective, rubbing her clit under my thumb brings more contractions.
During all this she mewls and moans and whimpers and the walls of her vagina vigorously contract on my fingers, pulling them deeper inside.
Finally, she gently brushes my hand away. I brush the hair from her forehead, deliver another little kiss and go for a second hot towel.
She is asleep when I get back. I wipe her down again, concentrating on her natural oils. It brings Jean gently back to consciousness.
"Savoring the afterglow?" I ask.
"Only one thing could be better."
"What's that?"
"Your cock inside me," she whispers in very hot tone.
"House rules," I say with a genuine sense of regret.
"My place, soon?"
"Oh, God, Jean. You have no idea how I'd like that. But as they say online, 'I'm in a relationship.'"
"Then you're a good man, Charlie Brown," and she pulls me down to plant an affectionate kiss on my cheek.
I tell her to take her time dressing, meet me in the kitchen, and I'll accompany her out the "celebrity" exit to her car.
As she gets into her Volvo, she presses a $100 bill in my hand. I refuse, but she insists. And promises to be back next week.
"Call ahead. I'm not sure of next week's schedule. But I'll be here for you."
Jean blows me a kiss and drives off in the rain.
Suddenly, I understand why Lula, who is almost as nonjudgmental and pure-hearted as Buddha, loves hand-job whoring.
Giving profound pleasure is immensely gratifying. Seeing Jean go through the stages of relaxation, building arousal and excitement, and finally an intense climax thanks to my massage skills, limited as they are, filled me with a sense of joyful achievement.
It is vastly more rewarding than a successful hostile takeover or initial public offering, my kind of financial whoring.
Even if we didn't fuck, Jean was leaving with a big smile, feeling deeply satisfied. And so was I.
###
"She happy?" Lula asks.
I hand Lula the $100 bill. "Give this to the girls." I know they send most of their tips home to support families.
"That's a lot more than happy," Lula smiles, handing the bill back. "Around here that's head-over-heels in love."
"She did promise to come back next week. I asked her to call first."
"Good idea. You can do whatever you want with the next tip. But you've got to keep this one, or you aren't really one of Lula's hand-job whores."
I put the bill in my wallet, take Lula in my arms and ask, "When do get off duty? All this whoring makes me really horny."
"How about right now?" she replies, pulling me toward the stairs.
###
A couple hours later, I get the block and tackle hooked up to the trap door. The seal breaks with a hiss and there's a rush of cool air with a musky-acrid scent that's typical of limestone caves. Now I AM thinking dragon's lair. Or, more likely, black bears.
I also see that if I'm going to find out what's in the cave, I'll need my climbing gear from the SUV. The cell flashlight reaches about a hundred feet, but Alice's rabbit hole is even deeper than that.
The rain's let up enough that I stay mostly dry with an umbrella on the hike the SUV. Before shouldering 40 lbs of climbing gear, I see if it starts. It does.
A few minutes later I'm tying my climbing rope off on the sewer pipe with a bowline. Fitted out with a helmet and LED head lamp, I wait as the rope coil pays out into the darkness. There's not a satisfying thump of it landing on some kind of horizontal surface. But it does eventually stop at about 150 feet. A longer rappel than I was expecting to make this weekend in the mountains.
Once I start down, I notice an electrical cable has been dropped into the crevice. At least it can't be a bottomless pit. At about 120 feet underground, I see the faint glow of an electric light. At 140, I reach the cavern floor.
In a circle of light are two winged-back Chesterfield chairs. In one of them is the Chinese dragon from my dream.
"Pull up a chair, Rob. I've been waiting for you," he says. "My name is Haung Long, son of Zhulong. Everyone calls me Hung."
"Am I dreaming?" I ask, pounding in a carabiner to tie off my rope.
"Not unless you can rock-climb in your sleep," Hung laughs.
"But you were in my dream last night?"
"Yes. And tell that shrink your subconscious isn't half as nasty as she thinks."
"Maybe you could write me a note?"
Hung holds up his claws. Razor sharp and designed for field stripping a large animal. Not tasks requiring fingers and fine muscle coordination. "One of my regrets as a reptile," he says sadly.
I shrink back in the chair, eyes fixed on the killer claws.
"Not to worry. I haven't eaten a human in more than eight centuries. Venison is so much tastier."
"Without a doubt, unless you're a deer."
"Good point. Anyway, to the point."
"Which is?"
"My daughter is in love with you," he says with surprising enthusiasm. I recall the scars on Lula's shoulder blades. And the flash of feline, or more precisely, reptilian eyes.
"Does Lula know you're her father?"
"No. She's never seen me. But I loved Lula's mother very much. She taught me how to let go of anger, jealousy, fear, anxiety, bigotry, and my allegiance to the New York Yankees."
"Sounds a lot more effective than my shrink. More like the Lula I know."
"The Lula you know, is the real thing, Rob. One-in-a-million. As good-hearted as her mother, and even more beautiful."
"Must be your genes. How do you know Lula's in love?"
"I read emotions at a distance. I may not always know what she is thinking. I absolutely know what she's feeling. Lula hasn't felt like this since she fell head-over-heels for Justin Timberlake when she was ten."
"So, you are going to rip my throat out if..."
"Hardly. I know how you feel too. And I saw how you resisted Jean's invitation."
"You set me up?"
"Such an unkind expression. I tested your commitment. I understand the depth of your obsession, your love, for Lula. But did you have the self-discipline to be faithful? You passed with flying colors."
"Which means?"
"I can spread my wings a little. I've been looking after Lula for almost three decades. A blink of an eye in my lifespan. But I'm ready for a break. There's a she-dragon in the Rockies I'd really like to get to know better."
"You believe I can protect her as well as you? I don't have any of your abilities."
"Wrong. You are strong, perceptive, honest and crazy in love. Sure there's a minefield to be navigated. But you will learn humility, self-awareness, and a joy for life from Lula. She will discover so many practical lessons from you. Things I've been trying to teach her without compromising her essential innocence."
"If I fail?"
"You won't. You've never failed in anything you really wanted to achieve. That's why I brought you here."
"The back road? The engine failure? Our, um, unique sexual compatibility? That was all you?"
"I nudged circumstances along a little, yes. But had nothing to do with the chemistry of your relationship."
"I'm still feeling inadequate for the first time since I was nine and couldn't talk the ticket-taker into letting me into Yankee Stadium for an afternoon game in April."
"But you got in?"
"Only because a nice old guy heard me pleading and gave me twelve-bucks to buy a bleacher seat and a hot dog."
"Rob, I know Lula's little business here isn't worth a footnote in your annual report. I also know you have the savvy to deal with the ambiguous legalities and political realities."
"Undercover cops and high-profile payoffs?"
"Precisely. If things get gnarly, I'll know about it. We can sort it out together."
"That sounds better. When do you take off?"
"Right after the wedding."
"And when is that?" Maybe he's psychic, along with his ability to read minds and emotions.
"Entirely up to you and Lula. She's more eager than you think."
"Will you give the bride away?" Not likely if they've never come face-to-face. But an interesting thought, seeing Hung Long in a custom tux in the middle of a wedding party.
"That would not be wise. But if you want to have a parade, I'll be one of the floats."
###
There was no parade, so Hung was off the hook.
We rented a lakeside mansion with an infinity pool. My mother, gave the bride away, then left. Suzi and Keiko were the bridesmaids. My climbing buddy the best man.
Hung watched from an attic window. Lula never knew her father. But neither did she ever feel abandoned or rejected. There was always a reassuring, fatherly voice when she needed help the most.
I invited a dozen friends from high school and college days. Mostly single guys. Lula did the same. Mostly single girls.
After the cake cutting, Suzi and Seiko stripped naked and leapt in the pool. By Midnight even the caterers were skinny dipping. From there, the reception became a celebratory affirmation of human sensuality and the rebirth of nature.
In other words, an orgy.
It ebbed and flowed for the next three days and nights. Clothes were optional and by the last bonfire, nearly everyone glowed like newlyweds.
###
We named our baby girl Joy, after Lula's mother.
The obgyn was a little freaked by Joy's birth defects, but we assured him they were hereditary. Baby Joy's wing stubs were removed by laparoscopic surgery in Boston..
I haven't heard from Hung. But now that he's a grandfather, I'm sure I will.
His lair is ready should he decide to return.
And business at Lula's Holistic Asian Massage Parlor?
It's never been better.
DISCLAIMER: This is a work of fiction. All characters involved in sexual activity are 18 years old or older. All rights reserved.