Chapter 3
I was still trying to figure out what was starting to take place in my wife and my relationship with the advent of our trainer Trace. Call me suspicious, or paranoid, but I felt that I was watching my lovely wife become infatuated with our young neighbor.
After hanging up the phone and agreeing to have him over for dinner and relaxing, I headed back to the shower. Rochelle was finishing drying off from her shower, and looked intently at herself in the mirror - inspecting her changing body.
"Looking good there babe!" I stepped into the tub and drew the curtain.
"Think so?"
"Absolutely! I always thought you did - it's just firmer now. And a lot sexier!" I spoke louder due to the shower running.
"Oh, I don't know. I still feel fat, but I AM noticing the difference since we started taking better care of ourselves and exercising."
"You will always be perfect in my eyes - no matter what you look like."
"That's so sweet! I love you Tom, but you're just saying that because we're married - and you know that I'll put out because of your endearing words."
"Believe what you want - but it's true."
"So, are we still having dinner poolside tonight?" she queried.
"That's the plan. Are you good with that?"
"Sure. Did Trace say he was joining us?"
"He did...." I drew it out longer as if I was asking a question.
"What?"
"Why the sudden interest in his joining us?"
"Oh nothing, I was just curious if he said he could or couldn't make it for dinner."
"He said he decided to take us up on the offer."
"Good," there seemed to be a grin attached to that response.
"Good? ....... Implying?" I kept trying to dig.
"Good that he doesn't have to be alone since his parents are going away and his girlfriend recently dumped him, so I think it would be good for him to get that out of his mind."
"Fair enough....and that's it?"
"What else would I mean by it?"
"Never mind - it's just paranoia on my part."
"Paranoia? Like you're jealous of him? Seriously?!!"
I shut off the water and drew the curtain "Well, yeah. Didn't we just talk about it when you were
showering?"
"Honey...awe, that's so sweet, but you don't need to be jealous. That whole interaction at the gym was totally spontaneous, and there is no way a 20 year old would be interested in a woman that's close to his mom's age!"
"Uh, yeah"
"What does that mean?"
"You are thinking with your heart, and not like a guy. I was 20 yrs old at one point too."
"What, you had the hots for one of your friend's moms?"
"As a matter of fact, I don't even think I was 20, maybe 17, and yes, Sean's mom was HOT!!!"
"Really?!"
"You're just assuming that because you're on the older end of the equation that he wouldn't be
interested. Granted, it wouldn't be on the relational level that women so much dream about, just sheer hormones from his perspective."
There was a long pause as if she was trying to digest it.
"So, are you going to tell me that you NEVER had a crush on one of your friend's dads, or maybe you babysat for someone where the husband was a hunk?"
"Well..." she finally admitted.
"See? And you're going to tell me that it was LOVE?"
"Okay, I see your point. But there is no WAY that Trace is like that."
I smiled and laughed out loud "SURE..."
We both agreed to let it go as we got dressed. I hurried to fire up the grill, and get dinner started. Rochelle readied the table by the pool; all three place settings. This was going to be a
relaxing weekend with my wife.
"So, where do you want to go for our reward?" I asked as I flipped the chicken.
"I've always wanted to go to LA to tour the photography galleries they have there."
"Hmm. I may even enjoy that myself. Why don't you start looking at which ones you'd like to visit, and we'll plan a trip within the next month or two?"
"That would be awesome!" as she beamed with delight.
"Hello." The call came from across the yard.
We both looked and saw Trace walking towards us from his house.
"Welcome," we said in unison.
"Your timing is perfect for dinner." I removed both chicken and vegetables from the grill and on to the serving tray.
"I brought along a bottle of Merlot. I hope it's the right kind." He handed it to Rochelle.
"You didn't have to do this," she said as she took the bottle from him and gently grasped his arm with the other hand.
"It's only proper."
"Quite the gentleman there Mr. Trace," I said as we all headed towards the table to eat our luscious dinner. "Please, take a seat, and we can dig in."
"Thank you."
Dinner was awesome; both the food and the conversation. Trace is soft spoken and he's
got a good head on his shoulders. I was impressed with his demeanor and courtesy. It was the first
time that we got to spend some personal time with him away from the gym. Not that we didn't know
him in a personal setting; it was usually when he was with his girlfriend Amy that we got to know him. We asked him about school, what his plans were for his future, hobbies other than the gym, and then Rochelle had to go there.....
"So, I'm sorry if I was too pushy in the gym, but I was just curious as to why Amy decided to reclassify your relationship to 'just friends'?"
"Uumm. Well...," he looked at her first, and then at me, "I'm not sure I completely understand myself."
"That's terrible. She didn't actually tell you why?"
"Yes and no."
"What? So what was it that she did say?"
I decided I should jump in, "Hey babe, look, let's just let it go. I can see that it's too uncomfortable for...." I was cut short mid sentence by Trace.
"No, it's okay," he said moving forward on his seat.
"Trace, honey, it's okay. Tom's right, we don't need to pry. Besides, tonight was supposed to be getting your mind OFF of it, not scrutinizing your relationship. Women just always want to know." She placed her hand on top of his. I noticed that her hand, which is relatively small to begin with, was dwarfed by his huge mitt. Hmmm....I never realized his hands were so large.
"It's okay Mrs. Hunter, I should talk about it."
"Not until I clean off the table and break open that wine," she said with a glimmer in her eyes.
We all stood up and took our respective dinnerware into the kitchen, opened the wine, and poured a glass for each of us. Casually we strolled back to the pool, and each one of us reclined on a lounge while our conversation continued.
"So, as much as I thought we were getting along, she said that it wasn't working for her. She really liked me, and we had fun together, but ...." his voice trailed off as he searched for the right words. "It's just that when we became intimate, it wasn't right. God, this IS kind of embarrassing."
"Awe, sweetie, I think I understand. It's just that she felt things were going too fast, and she wanted to wait for marriage or something like that?"
"No......not quite." He shifted in his seat.
"Okay, now I am TOTALLY lost."
"We were fine; or so I thought. It's just that when we tried physically it didn't work."
Both Rochelle and I looked at each other pretty much realizing what Trace said without saying it. I replied back to him for both of us.
"Okay Trace, I think we understand, but my question is; was Amy a virgin?" I shifted in my seat.
A chuckle escaped from him. "No. She wasn't a virgin."
I laughed out loud. "Weeellll, ....okay then. Anyone want some more wine?" as I took the bottle to fill my own glass. Trace held out his glass but quickly diverted his eyes from me, knowing that I understood that he truly was gifted in the cock department. That was different; he blushed like he was embarrassed by the revelation. I smiled back and gave him a wink as I refilled his glass. I guess what Rochelle said earlier in the shower was just confirmed by the owner himself.
"Babe, would you like some more?"
Rochelle was daydreaming when she looked up at me and smiled holding out her glass. "Yes please."
I sat back down in my lounge chair, and everyone all of the sudden had absolutely nothing to say. We just all stared at the pool, and smiled at each other courteously. It was a tense environment; we realized what had just transpired.
Rochelle broke the ice. "So Trace, what do you have planned for your weekend since mom and dad are out of town?"
"Nothing really."
"No big party with friends or anything?"
"Nope."
There was another lull in our conversation as no one seemed to know what to say. The sun had about another hour or so before it went beyond the horizon, and I thought a relaxing swim was a good idea.
"Well, I don't know about you two, but I think I'm gonna cool off in the pool for a bit before the sun sets."
"That sounds good babe."
"I guess I could head home now and leave you two with a nice evening all to yourselves."
We all stood up to go but Rochelle answered, "I thought you said you didn't have any plans?"
"I don't."
"So you don't WANT to go swimming?"
"I just don't want to intrude."
We looked at each other, and shrugged to see if it was okay. I wasn't bothered by his joining us - hell, if my wife gets fired up by staring at a hunk, and takes it out on MY cock - all the better for me right?
"You're not intruding at all. Wasn't our offer for dinner and a swim?" Rochelle queried.
"I don't remember"
"Well, we're going in to get changed, and you can meet us back out here when you're changed too."
"You're sure?"
"Trace, we better hurry up before the sun sets, and it starts getting colder. We offered, and you're more than welcome to join us" I piped in to reassure him.
"Cool"
And we all went to our respective houses to get changed. Rochelle and I headed to our bedroom to get on our swimsuits, and I could tell that she was almost giddy as she removed her sundress.
"Goodness Mrs. Hunter, you sure seem excited about something"
"Oh Tom... would you stop?"
"What? You don't like being teased?" as I removed my clothes and grabbed my trunks.
"This is ALL just a tease" as she was now naked and reaching for her one-piece suit. Wow, did she look radiant; her nipples became erect and I could make out small goose bumps on her skin.
Slipping on my trunks and heading to the bathroom to grab our towels, I stopped right in front of her and could smell her scent. There is an amazing smell that she gives off when she becomes sexually excited. It's intoxicating. I stood there watching her place her feet through the leg holes of her suit, and got an even stronger waft of her scent. My cock was like a lightning rod that lengthened in seconds.
"Teasing me?" I said as she stood up to pull her suit up over her torso. Her nipples continuing to increase in length and hardness - just like my cock.
"Teasing everyone" she grinned as she gave her 'girls' a hard squeeze together before stuffing them into the last part of her suit.
"You better stop that before we never make it out to that pool. Look what you're doing to me!" I pointed to my trunks tenting out.
"Mmmmm...that looks tasty."
I approached her, wrapped my arms around her waist, and drew her into my body. I could feel her hardened nipples through her suit on my chest. She returned the embrace by wrapping her arms around my neck and closing her eyes, leaned forward to kiss me with an opened mouth. Our lips and tongues entwined each others as I ground my rock hard cock into her pussy; dry-humping like high school kids. Moans escaping from both of us.
I reached up and pulled her suit back down from her shoulder to reveal her left breast. Just as I engulfed her massive globe, and broke our kiss to take her sensitive nipple into my mouth, she let out a guttural moan and stiffened with a shiver. Did she just have an orgasm? I continued tickling her rock hard nipple with my tongue until the quaking subsided all the while grinding my cock against her crotch.
She grabbed my chin and brought it back up so that she could look me in the eye as her breathing was short and rapid. "You have to stop....(whew)...this right now.....(huh)" another quake as her eyes rolled back in their sockets. She was absolutely in a mind altering state. I felt a hot dampness on my groin through my swim trunks- yes; that was in fact an orgasm she had from just dry humping and my sucking her left nipple.
"Damn babe, you are absolutely on FIRE!!" I pressed my hard cock into her as I grabbed her ass and pressed as hard as I could.
"Oooohhhh.... no..... noo...." she said as she tried to push me back from her. "Tom....please, I so DESPERATELY want to be filled by you, but we just insisted that our neighbor join us for the evening...(whew).. and as much as I'd love to fuck your brains out right now, can we just keep this thought until we've sent our guest home?"
"God you are such a tease!! Shit!" as I released my hold of her hips and ass. I absolutely love when she cums, but here I was standing here with blue balls.
She fell back on the bed to recover from her orgasm, and try to either stave me off, or just say screw Trace, and fuck me. She looked intently at my stiff cock that was still straining against my trunks, then closed her eyes and exhaled. "No.....we have to be considerate guests - please Tom, we can continue this tonight - God you are so hot and fucking hard."
I looked towards the ceiling and then closed my eyes. God, how does she do this to me?? "You drive me insane woman! I can't believe you would leave me just standing here like this" trying to play on her sympathy.
"Tom, please.... you know I want to, but we promised Trace that he was to come back to swim."
"So, let him swim by himself until we're done"
She looked at me with those deep brown eyes that make my knees weak. "Okay, here is my promise; let's go out for our swim, and after we call it a night with him, you can do whatever you want with me for the whole weekend."
"Oh man!!" as I closed my eyes and tried to slow the desire burning in my loins. It was going to take a minute or two for this wood to subside. "I swear you have turned into a tease."
"You say that like it's a bad thing....."
"Okay, okay, I promise to back off, but ONLY until our visitor goes home."
"Thanks babe" she said as she sat up and resituated herself into her bathing suit.
I headed to the bathroom to take a leak, but more importantly to splash some cold water on myself to try to kill the hard-on that she created.
"I'm going to head out to the pool in case our guest arrives" as she grabbed our towels and briskly headed back to the pool.
It only took me about five minutes to cool my jets, but it was enough time to hear the muffled voices of my bride and our neighbor's son in the back yard. We were almost out of the wine that Trace brought for dinner, so I headed to the kitchen to retrieve a fresh bottle of Shiraz for us all. After opening it, I headed out to the pool.
Rochelle and Trace entered the pool as I approached, she in her aqua colored one-piece, and Trace in his lime green trunks. Rochelle then slunk down and pushed off to glide across the water and swim the length of the pool. Trace was splashing water onto his arms to get ready to go under; all the while watching her move through the water. Her beautiful ass was visible as she kicked her way through the water.
"Anyone for a refill?"
"No thanks" Trace replied as he stretched out his arms and went headlong under water; heading towards the deep end.
"Hon?"
Rochelle came to a stop at the edge of the deep end and held on, wiping her eyes to see. "What?"
"I said; would you like a refill?"
"Maybe in a bit. I want to do just a few laps first."
"Sounds good"
They swam lengths of the pool as I sat on the lounge and took a few sips from my glass. I truly did love my wife, and we had a solid relationship, but here she was seemingly becoming infatuated with a kid who was some 14 or 15 years her junior. Was it my imagination gone awry? Even though I had a sarcastic tone and jested with her about it, it seemed that my feelings were being affected; hurt. Why was I starting to go down this road? I didn't want to share my wife with anyone else! Jealousy was starting to take root.
She was the first one out of the pool, and coming towards me looking for a towel. I drank in her form as she walked towards me, and I had to smile. Perfect in my eyes; all 150 pounds or so of her. Her curves were stunning! I grabbed her towel, and stood up to greet her. Opening the towel and welcoming her into it while wrapping my arms around her and giving her a signature hug. We stood there, my holding her close from behind, facing the pool as Trace swam a few more laps.
"Love you sweetheart."
"Love you too Tom."
"Not sure why, but I'm feeling at bit uneasy about this whole thing."
"What whole thing?" she said as she broke my hug to look at me.
"You know; Trace saying that he's hung like a horse, and you getting giddy around him."
"Oh, babe....it's nothing for you to concern yourself about. Really. I love ONLY you, and no one else."
"But you sure seem to get horny as hell when he's around."
Rochelle grabbed my face and deeply looked into my eyes "Tom Hunter; you stop this right now. Earlier you told me that you had the hots for one of your friend's mom when you were a teen, but it was lust not love, right?"
"Yeah"
"Well, I don't think Trace finds me attractive, but even if he did, it would just be the hots...not love right?"
"Maybe, maybe not."
"Maybe not - only because I'm YOUR wife - everyone else seems to be ambiguous. Your friend's mom had a husband you know - and he probably saw you ogling her."
She did make me think about Mr. Good, and if he did ever catch me just gazing at her. Man, she
had amazing tits, and she wasn't shy about flaunting them either!
"Okay, I believe you, and you're right - it probably isn't love. It still doesn't make me feel any better knowing that my wife is actually getting hot over a young stud."
This time there was a longer pause.
Gazing at my chest, running her nails across my belly and up to my chest then looking me in the eye said "Okay, I have to admit, it's NOT love Tom, but more curiosity on my part. I do find him attractive, and the whole big cock thing really intrigues me. Hell, it would intrigue any woman."
"Intrigues? That's it?"
"Well, didn't your friend's mom intrigue you? Didn't you ever want to see her naked?"
"Sure - especially her boobs."
"See? It's the same thing."
"So, I always thought the visual thing was a 'guy' thing, and women were interested in the
relationship."
"True, but when a woman sees that she actually is the cause of a man's erection, the visual is
definitely a turn-on."
"And this all happened just today?"
"Yep, just when I volunteered to spot him at the bench press."
"Damn!"
"I never would have thought a thing, until I saw his cock stir while I was spotting him."
"And it turned you on?"
"Uhh... yeah!" and out came that broad smile that would knock anyone dead.
We both noticed that the splashing water stopped. We turned, and watched as Trace exited the shallow end of the pool to retrieve his towel. He wiped his hair from his face and out of his eyes. I studied him as he walked towards us and saw that his years of working out made him into what most people would consider a California dream boy; tall, V-shaped upper body, broad shoulders, square jaw, and muscular legs. I had been avoiding this for awhile, but I guess it was now time to see if I could make out this big dick of
his. Fortunately for us, a swimsuit is the best way to check out someone's body without them actually being naked in front of you.
My gaze shifted to his groin of the lime green trunks. Sure enough, there was the beast he previously stated he owned. It was true. His flesh tube extended down the left leg of his shorts a good couple of inches, and he was still soft. Wow, some guys are just lucky I guess. I broke my staring, and slowly looked over to my bride.
She seemed to be in a trance as he approached - almost gawking at his cock. She caught herself,
shifted her gaze from his groin, then to his eyes - smiled curtly, and then turned to look at me. There was adrenaline running through those veins of hers - like she was going on a carnival ride. She smiled not only with her mouth, but her eyes as well.
"Intrigue," I whispered.
"Seems we polished off that bottle you brought along....." I stated in a more normal voice so he could hear me. "I was just about to go in for a swim myself, so if you'd like some more wine, I brought out a fresh bottle for us to share. Help yourselves" and I dove in the deep end.
Ahh...refreshing when you jump in a pool. There is that split second shock to your body, and then you are instantly contented. I am so glad that we built the pool. I swam to the edge, and decided I should do some laps too, but more for relaxation than exercise. I needed to try to figure out what was happening in not only my mind, but my wife's as well. This all was happening serendipitously, but I was in major conflict with what I should be doing or reacting versus how everything was playing out.
I swam as I thought. Okay, if Trace got turned on by looking at my scantily clad wife that was
leaning over him, does that mean he's attracted to her? Not necessarily - it's probably hormones. I'd get hard looking at her too in that position whether I was his age or mine. No harm from Trace's side; just natural male reaction. I think that's reasonable.
Okay. Now, my wife wouldn't have even 'entertained any thoughts' unless she saw it move when she was spotting him. Was she intentionally looking BEFORE he got hard? She finds him attractive, tells me she loves me, but says it's just a matter of intrigue. Maybe I'm being more critical of her because she's my wife, but I know we needed to talk about this in greater detail. It seemed that this whole situation and its outcome were totally in my wife's control. This 'intrigue' was being driven by, and could be cut-off by her.
I slowed from laps, and treaded water for a bit. I again was glad that we built the pool - life was good. I looked over and saw that Trace and my wife were on the lounges, holding their wine glasses, and casually talking. I swam towards them, held on to the side as I buoyed myself with slow kicks, and listened in on the conversation.
"It's mostly going along and setting up the flash strobes and reflective panels."
"I don't know" Trace said as he looked in my direction.
"Really, it wouldn't be difficult at all, and I would let you know everything that I needed done or moved. Right Hon?"
"Uh, not sure I'm following you."
"I just was talking to Trace about coming along on some of the location shoots with me as an
assistant."
"Well, I don't know, maybe we can talk about it first."
"I guess I should have asked you first babe; I'm sorry. Wouldn't you like to take a break from being my assistant?"
"Well, I don't know. It's not that hard, but it is kind of a pain in the ass honestly. Those screens and lights aren't heavy, but clunky and annoying."
"Tommm" she whined "you're not selling the job too well for me" as she smiled over at Trace.
"Well, the boss is FANTASTIC! If that wasn't the case, I would have quit this job long ago" as I decided to pull myself out of the pool.
"Seriously Trace, he hates going to shoots with me. I know that the job isn't all that exciting, but I figured that any college kid could use a few extra dollars."
"True" he said.
"So is that a yes?"
"You really are serious about this aren't you?"
"Absolutely"
Trace first looked at me, and then looking intently into Rochelle's eyes and grinned that glowing smile "Okay, IF and ONLY if Mr. Hunter is okay with it, I'll do it."
Like a giddy school girl, she screamed, jumped up and lunged towards him almost knocking his lounge chair over as she wrapped her arms around his torso. Hugging him and snuggling her head against his shoulder quickly as not to make more of a scene than she already was. She drew back "I'm sorry, I'm just so happy that you said yes."
"I know the folks will be glad I said yes too."
The smile that was plastered to my wife's face was fascinating - she did seem to be smitten with him. She turned to look at me, released her hold on Trace, and strolled towards me with her wicked grin.
"I guess I'm officially fired....."
"Only for the photographer's assistant position. All other positions are still yours to keep" she said as she wiggled her ass up against my groin. "ALL positions" she added quieter to avoid Trace's hearing.
My cock began to stir. I grabbed her hips and pulled her against me. "This is torture woman! I am going to send him home right now if you don't knock it off."
She turned her head to look at me over her shoulder, and still had the grin embedded. "Okay..." as she pushed my hands from her hips and moved away.
I grabbed my towel, and dried off as Rochelle went back over to fill everyone's glasses with the bottle of Shiraz. I knew that we all were feeling extremely good after sharing two bottles of wine, a great dinner, and the relaxing swim. We have a pretty good tolerance for alcohol, but I knew that I was pretty buzzed and I'm sure Rochelle was feeling no pain either. Her giddy nature, and the fact that she was flirting with Trace told me that she was treading on ground that we were never on before. Even with our
conversation about intrigue....it still bothered me.
"I'll have to look at my schedule, but I think there's an appointment for the girls' volleyball team in about a month. They would absolutely be thrilled if you came along. I think I could get better smiles from them if you were my assistant."
"That's very kind of you to say, but I don't think that it would be because of my being there."
"Think what you'd like, but I know how women think" she said with a sparkle in her eye.
Trace just chuckled "Maybe you can clue me in sometime..."
"That will take a lifetime Trace" I chimed in.
He gleamed that fantastic smile at me "That's what I hear."
"You men are all alike...." my wife said laughing as she stood up and jumped back in the pool.
"Really, I'm sorry if I accepted an offer from your wife before you had a chance to talk to her in private. I didn't mean anything by it, but she seemed very genuine and forthcoming about my helping out."
"It's okay Trace. I know that I said we should talk about it first, but I know that she feels like she'd like to thank you for all that you've done for us. You haven't taken a dime for being our own personal trainer, and it has really helped her self-esteem to lose some weight."
"It's been my pleasure."
"If I do say so, she sure is looking good. I know she wants to lose more, but to me, she looks great right now."
"I agree. Mrs. Hunter is toning up very well, and I can see that she has much more spring in her step lately." He took another sip from his glass. "I'm sorry; I didn't mean that in an inappropriate way."
I grinned. "I think I know what you meant. I refer to them as her 'girls', and they aren't shy."
"You're a great man Mr. H., and I want you to know that if you are okay with me taking the part-time gig of being her assistant, I will be an honorable gentleman."
"I wouldn't think otherwise" I said with a wink.
We watched Rochelle gently floating as she did a backstroke the length of the pool, it was an incredible display of her girls sitting high above the water.
"But what would you believe would be 'less than honorable'?"
"Pardon?"
"You said you'd be honorable, but what would that mean?"
"Uh, I'm not sure what you mean, or where you're headed with this?" there was a seriousness to his voice. "If you aren't comfortable, then by all means, I don't want to be a problem for the two of you."
"Relax. It's okay, I just wanted to see what you were thinking."
"Not thinking too much into it. I can see that you have been though."
"Well, do you find my wife attractive?"
"Wow, where is this coming from?"
"Seriously, I just want to know." We were now sitting up from our lounges and facing each other; man to man.
"Really? I mean, if you are uncomfortable with me being around your wife, then maybe I should back off and let you two train on your own."
"Trace, it's okay. Let me just ask you a few questions, and I think we can get this back on track. We've been having a great time having you here tonight, and I don't want to bring it crashing down with any misunderstandings."
He looked confused, and apprehensive, but then again, I wouldn't blame him.
"I'm not mad, just trying to feel things out here; she is after all, my wife."
"Absolutely!"
"Okay, let's start again..... do you find my wife attractive?"
"From my perspective; yes, you have an attractive wife Mr. Hunter. Please let me say that I am not
pursuing your wife, I am just stating that your wife is attractive."
He's being honest - good.
"Do you think she finds you attractive?"
Deer in the headlights look hit his face - "Uh.... I don't know. Should I?"
I chuckled and leaned over to pat his shoulder. "It's okay; there isn't a right answer to any of these questions. Well, there is, but not that one."
"Good" he said as he lightened up with a grin.
I leaned back and took another look at him. I could see that he was being totally honest, and this was just a normal young male being driven by hormones. He wasn't pursuing my wife, it was based entirely on her physical presence when he was lifting weights.
He saw me looking at him "Look, Mr. H., I can see that you are concerned about my coming on to your wife, and I have the utmost respect for you, and her. I would no way cause you to feel that I am a threat to you or her."
"Were you reading my mind?"
He wiggled his fingers at me attempting to simulate a magician "Maybe I was...." he said with a smirk.
"Levity; that's good - Thanks Trace." I finished the rest of my wine and set the empty glass on the table. "I remember being in your shoes - same kind of situation. Strange how everything comes around. Hell, Rochelle and I just talked about it a little bit ago."
He just sat there looking off into space, and then our eyes met "So, everything turned out okay?"
"It's okay, and it's nothing Trace. I just remember having fantasies about a friend of mine's mom when I was about your age. It really was nothing....I was just infatuated with her tits." Did I just say that to the kid who's ogling my wife?
I did.
There was a muffled chuckled that escaped him. "It's okay Mr. H. I totally understand. I've seen a few MILFs in my life."
"Yeah, but she's MY wife... that's what makes this uncomfortable... that, and the fact that you admitted you're a heavy packer....." as I looked over to him, meeting his eyes, then leading my gaze to his groin (wow....it was extremely visible) and then back to his eyes.
He diverted his eyes and reached down to adjust his package.
"Plus the fact that if I had a cock like yours, I may have gotten to see Sean's mom's tits in person" anger was beginning to bubble up. "My wife has noticed your endowment."
Trace picked up on it "Mr. H., I realize that I am causing problems that I truly didn't intend
to happen. Not that I am innocent, but I'm strictly being attacked based on a physical 'feature' that I have no control over. I was born this way, and it has always been a problem with other guys....not the ladies."
I sat there stunned at his true words. I was getting mad and jealous at him because he was born with a big 'feature'. Shit, this sucks! To complicate things, my WIFE has seen his 'feature', albeit clothed, and seems to be sexually attracted to him......or it?
"Mr. H., I swear to you, I am NOT making advances on your wife, nor will I. She is an attractive woman, and I would be lying if I said that I haven't enjoyed watching her transform into a more slender / fit woman. BUT, and I want to emphasize BUT; I would never dishonor you by taking advantage of your wife because of my endowment."
There was a voice that broke our personal conversation; "Are you boys okay over there?" It was Rochelle.
"Yes ma'am" Trace responded for us.
She was coming out of the pool from the shallow end, heading towards us with a sexy stroll. The sun was past setting, and the cooler night air was setting in. I was so torn emotionally with what had just transpired with Trace and my conversation, but he did help ease my fears; almost reading my thoughts.
Rochelle came up to us and stood at the feet of our lounges, hands on her hips, and shifting her weight to her right side while keeping her left leg straight. "I thought you both would come in for another swim, but you guys have been over here talking like girls....is everything okay? Tom, are you upset about my asking Trace to be my assistant?"
I started coming back to reality "No babe, we're all good. I think he'd be a great replacement for me on those 'wonderful' location shoots."
He started to blush "Thanks Mr. H."
Rochelle smiled that killer smile at me, and then to Trace. "Oh good. It's hard to find good help,
especially if the outgoing 'employee' fills their head with nonsense" giving him a wink.
She shifted her weight more evenly between both legs, and did a backwards stretch of her arms causing the 'girls' to press hard against her suit. Because of the cool air, and her just getting out of the pool, those nipples were screaming to be let out. Acting as though she was doing cool down stretching, she was really doing an exotic dance for us both. Twisting at her waist, she gave us profile shots of her mammoth orbs, and putting her head back and arching her back made them stand out even further. I just sat there enjoying her exhibitionism in front of us - she was officially a tease in my eyes. I know that I normally would do something to interrupt this display, but things just changed moments ago with our discussion. If he was true to his word, and wasn't going to make advances towards my wife, why couldn't he enjoy a 'show' that my wife was doing in front of us? I was going to be the beneficiary, not him, and what man doesn't like to show off his wife?
She continued this charade in front of us without either of us saying a word, all the while keeping our eyes locked onto this tantalizing performance. She was now playing this out, and perceived that we were enjoying her display; I think her sheepish grin and twinkling eye confirmed my perception. She was now doing side stretches; raising one arm over her while reaching the other towards her closest
knee / ankle. This emphasized her beautiful boobs, and also pulled her suit tight against her pubic area revealing her delicate folds pressing against the material. Left side then right side and back. Mesmerizing how erotic it looked. Her body was treating her well....and my cock....which started to plump up.
Next, she rocked her hips in small circles as she reached high above her head. Her nipples were harder than I can remember them being - seemingly able to poke through that material. I looked to her angelic face, and she had an extremely wicked grin, and then our patented wink. She looked over at Trace, and then to his groin. Her eyes flashed bigger for a second and then back up to his face. A smile broke across her face showing her bright whites, and her eyes then returned to his crotch where she unabashedly stared while she gyrated those beautiful hips. She then came down from her raised arm stretch and turned her back to us and bent over to do windmills while displaying her
amazing ass to us. Her suit was riding high and tight across her ass cheeks as it came down into her fertile delta; again showing her labia full against the suit.
I looked over at Trace who was grinning, but gazing directly at her welcoming pussy. I then glanced down at his suit, and was amazed at the wood he was building. It no longer was laying against his thigh, but stretching the material away from his leg and extending towards the leg opening....maybe a good seven or eight inches....and way thicker than before. Holy SHIT! That's a fucking dick! I looked back up to his
face, and he was still glued to her dance. He reached down and adjusted himself for better comfort but that only caused his cock to get longer and harder....if that was possible. Damn!
Rochelle now added a little twist to her 'windmill' show. When she reached across her body on the downward motion, she twisted her hips slightly towards Trace so that she could look me in the eye. When she had my eyes, she then did a pelvic dip a few times as she raised one eyebrow that emphasized her wickedness. MY cock took a quick ride from semi to full bore boner. She stopped, realigned herself, came back up and repeated her bend on Trace's side - this time I got to see the promised land thrust in my direction, and it was HOT!! I could make out that her suit had ridden up INTO her folds, and the heavy flesh of her labia was wrestling to expose itself. Back up, and down to my side again - giving the pussy show to our neighbor this time. Her eyes met mine, but this time they rolled to the back of her head as she mouthed the words "OH MY GOD!", never stopping her simulated fuck show to our neighbor. She then came back up, and gave me one last show of her pussy - this time her outer lips made it just past the material - what a fuckin sight!! I almost blew a load right there. The bunched up material had to be driving her clit crazy as she thrust up and down.
Before she came back up, I looked over at her face and her eyes were locked onto Trace's crotch as she humped. I tried to be as inconspicuous as possible as I took a look myself and was almost as awestruck as she must have been. He was at full mast - if not 100%, awfully close - and it was what you would see in a porn movie. Granted, he was in his swimsuit, but it barely was able to hide ANYTHING from the imagination. The leg opening was tightly pulled up as it mimicked the shape of his engorged cockhead. Hell, I was surprised that it wasn't actually sticking out the bottom. I didn't want to get caught staring, so I glanced back to my wife's face and she was still locked on to it. She closed her eyes, and
then stood back up facing away from us. She stopped the hip gyrations, and then adjusted her swimsuit crotch so that it wasn't embedded in her nether regions. She looked over her shoulder at me and then turned around to face me. God, she looked like she was glowing.
"I think I should get going for the night."
Rochelle and I both turned to look at Trace as he broke the dead silence. He was turning away from us to grab his towel as he stood up, but we both looked down to see that he had quite a difficult time swinging his left leg over the edge of the lounge without breaking the log that tented out his swim trunks. He stood up and covered his 'feature' with the balled up beach towel all the while knowing that we knew what he was doing.
"Thanks for the great evening and fantastic dinner" as he stretched out his big mitt to shake my hand.
I stayed seated as I shook his hand, my other tried to hide my own hard-on. "Good, I'm glad you enjoyed yourself; we did too. It was nice to have you over to get to know you a little better. We'll have to do it again sometime."
"That would be awesome" he said as he released my hand and gestured towards Rochelle as if waving
awkwardly goodbye. "Have a good evening."
She just smiled, waved back awkwardly, and quickly diverted her eyes from him and looked to me. She was embarrassed by her dance, but couldn't hold back a slowly growing wicked grin as she was trying not to look at him. "Thanks, Trace. Glad you enjoyed your evening; have a great one yourself."
"Night" he said as he walked across the grass, his towel held in front of his trunks.
Rochelle took a giant breath in, and exhaled in a huff as she turned to face me. "Oh my God!"
I stood up, and let my hard-on do what it wanted without my attempt to hide it. "You sure surprised me with that little show" as I reached for her waist to pull her close to me.
"I don't know why I did that..." as she slid into my arms, "..it's gotta be the wine."
Smirking, I leaned in and kissed her hard as I pressed firmly into her crotch. She returned my pressure and grabbed my ass to pull me into her even harder.
I pulled my face away but kept the grinding up on her pussy "I have a hard time believing it to be the wine."
Grinning and still dry-humping me she said "Maybe it was my way of cooling down after my swim. Kind of like his cooling down in front of the mirrors after his workout today."
"I see, you're just returning a favor - is that it?"
"Yeah, something like that" kissing me hard again.
"My, my, my, you sure are taking this teasing thing to a whole new level aren't we?"
"Care to finish our evening....say... in the bedroom?" her eyes filled with lust.
"I thought you'd never ask."
We separated our mock sex, and held hands as we walked towards the house together; this was going to be an amazing fuck session; I could smell her scent again. She was so sexually stimulated at that very moment.
"Race you to the bedroom" she called over her shoulder.
"I have to take a piss, so I'll be there in just a second." The wine had built up, and I needed to relieve it before we spent the next hour or so enjoying each other's bodies.
I made a quick stop at the bathroom to piss and to take off my wet suit, then headed off to our bedroom to make passionate love to my bride.
I walked in, but didn't see her. "Hello..."
"Sshhhh..." came her admonishment from the corner of the bedroom near the window.
The curtain was never closed to the outside world, and she stood there in front it. Our lights were on, and she had her bathing suit pulled down to her waist as she was massaging her massive 'girls' for anyone to see; that anyone would have been the neighbors.
I answered in a whisper "What are you doing over there?"
I slowly walked towards her – also allowing the outside world to see me in all my glory. This was new for us; we were never exhibitionists, and this was kind of exciting. I knew what was transpiring, and I was okay with it. As I drew close to her, I planned to come up behind her and place my hardening cock against those beautiful ass checks.
A deep guttural moan released from Rochelle as I brought my body against hers. She released her breasts and pulled my hips hard against her ass, and groaned louder. I reached forward and cupped her fantastic orbs while she ground herself hard against my cock.
"Fuck" she moaned "do you see him?"
"Who?"
"Trace.....with that huge cock of his.... Oh my God! This is so HOT!"
I leaned in to see where she was looking; it was Trace's bedroom window. He was totally naked, stroking his cock in front of his dresser mirror. His backside was more in our direction, but I could see that he was working himself over pretty good. His stroking was a moderate rhythm, and it caused his ass check to dimple with his down stroke, and return on the upstroke. He was fucking his fist...
"This is pretty hot, huh?" I played along.
"Oh my God....I came in here to pull the blinds, and I saw him take off his trunks....(unngh)"
I continued to drill my cock into her ass crack that was still covered by her suit. "And you've stayed glued to this spot ever since then?"
"Yes." (moan) "He was just pulling off his trunks when I came to the window, and I got a full view of his wonderful cock. It was so hot.....and so BIG....oh my God."
"This is like watching a porn movie....just that it's in the flesh, and right next door. Does that get you hot?"
She shuddered and groaned again "I need you to fuck me right now Tom!"
I moved back, grabbed her suit from around her hips, and pulled them down roughly. She helped by holding on to the window sill and pulling her feet out as I stood on the material. She cleared both feet from her suit, and stayed in the position with her hands planted on the edge of ledge. I knelt down to breath in her sex, and tongue her gash. Her labia was swollen, fiery pink, and almost dripping with her juices. A deep moan again escaped her as my tongue stretched forward to savor her honey. God she was so ready to be mounted. My fingers glided across her smooth ass and separated her pussy lips; she was so slick with her own juices, my cock was rock hard. I love her feel – so amazingly soft and smooth – and she was in rare form. I moved my hand forward, and covered her clit with my index finger. She purred and melted when I touched her, but stiffened and took a quick breath in.
"Oh my God!! Shit..."
"What?" I stood up to see if she was okay.
Right before us stood Trace; still in his bedroom – but gazing at us while manhandling his beast. He stopped stroking when he saw us looking at him. We were all frozen in time....
My head was spinning – here was my wife – fully naked in front of our neighbor's son being titillated physically by her husband, but visually by the hunk next door. She didn't move, but had her eyes glued to his phallus.
"Please Tom" in a whimpering voice "fuck me from behind so I can watch him."
God, this was bizarre! I've never been an exhibitionist, and I've never let anyone see my wife naked on purpose, but here we were; naked in front of a young man, and I was going to let him watch me sink my cock into my wife's hot cunt.
I was getting turned on by this.
I stood behind her, grabbed her hips and aimed the head of my cock between her spread thighs. The angle that she was bent forward was the perfect height for me to enter her. Glistening with her juices, I ran my cock head across her engorged pussy lips and just teased her instead of entering her. We both took in quick breaths and shuddered as our flesh met – heat on heat. I flexed my hips, causing my rock hard meat to cross her entire gash – concentrating on her protruding clit.
"Fuck.... Oh fuck" she groaned.
I looked over at the neighbor's house, and saw that Trace was now enjoying OUR show. He started to work his massive 'feature' again.
I started encouraging my wife while we teased each other's sex. "You sure are lucky to have a trainer that's so well-hung aren't you?"
"Uhhh huuuhhh...."
"Did you think that's what he looked like when you were spotting him earlier today?"
"Not...uh...sure...uuuhhh"
"Are you glad you are here right now – catching him in the act?"
"Gooddd yesssss!" ...(huff)... "Please put it in me."
I could feel her wetness coating my cock and balls; she was so ready. I eased back so that I could pop my cock head into her opening. Once I was lined up, she slammed back onto me in one swift movement, and let out a scream that I'm sure Trace could hear through the glass...
"FFUUUCCKKK!!" as she shook hard on me.
"Damn woman – you are insane right now....you feel sooooo good on my cock!!"
I grabbed a hold of her hips and she braced herself against the window sill. Our neighbor had a front row seat of her massive pendulous globes swinging back and forth as I fucked her hard from behind. I looked over at him and saw him feasting his eyes on our sex while stroking his massive member for our viewing pleasure.
"Oh my God....Oh my God....this is... (huff) ..soooo.....fucking HOT!!" she managed to grunt out.
"You love this don't you?"
"Fuuuck yes......I ....am.......sooooo....close......to.....(huff)......cumming....."
"Tell me what .....(huff).... you see.....and.....(huff)... describe it to me..." I too was getting close to cumming.
Moaning as she spoke "Fuuuck.... Your cock feels so good in me right now....it's so hard and thick..."
".....No....not MY cock......but what you SEE...."
She was whimpering now, and her body was starting to shake – I knew this as her waterfall point of bursting open with a flood of orgasms.
"Oh my god Tom....can you see him? He's absolutely .....(huff)...amazing..... I never would have......guessed that he had .......THAT hiding.....in his pants......"
"And to think that......(huh).....you caused him......(huh)...to get hard...."
"His cock.....is so BIG....and so .....thick..... I could spend......(huff)......all day here....watching him.....(moan)...stroke that amazing prick of his....."
"I think....(huff)....you're loving.....displaying yourself......(huff)...to this stud...."
"Fuuuck me hard.....Tom....please....I'm right there...(huff)"
I took charge of her hips, and really started to pound my cock into her as hard as I could. I could feel her pussy gripping and pleading with my cock to flood her deep. She was in one of her animalistic moods where it was sheer fucking, and not lovemaking. I gladly obliged. We were building up a good sweat.
I looked over at Trace. He moved close to his window so that he could get a better view of us, but also to provide us with a reciprocal view of his masturbating. I kept up my hard pounding of my wife's pussy, and watched Trace pleasure himself while we fucked. I had to admit, his cock was absolutely amazing. He must have used some kind of lube on it because it had shiny 'wet' look. His big mitts for hands did encompass his girth, but just so. He worked one fist, and then alternated with the other while he grabbed at his balls.
"I'm gonna cum Tom.........Fuck me....(huff)... harder than you ever have..."
"Oh yeah"
I slammed into her as hard as I could, pulled all the way out, and slammed back in. I swear I could see her pussy lips opening to take my flesh tube deeper on each stroke. Her body was begging to be filled with as much cock as she could take.
"I wish I had a cock......(huff)...the size of his....to fill you with.....right now...."
"AAaaahhhhhh........OOOooooooohhhhhhhhhhh Fffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuccccccccckkkkkkkk!!!"
Her orgasm rippled on my cock causing me to blow too.
"Fuuucckkk meee Toommmmmm!!!"
"I am ...CUMMMING...ssoooo.....fuuuckkkingg hard in your pussy right now!!!"
"Oohhh Shhhittt....I can feel your fucking seed.....so far up my pussy..."
*Grunt* *Grunt*
"Shiiiiitttt...."
"Oh...My....Gooddd...(huh)....Tom....look...." she continued milking my cock with her cunt while shuddering as she stared at our neighbor.
Sure enough, there was Trace furiously jacking his horse sized cock and arching his back as huge ropes of cum splashed against the bottom of his window. His eyes were closed and he continued to shoot while both Rochelle and I continued our own orgasms.
"Holy Shit...." I huffed as I felt like my legs were about to give out.
"Ooooooohhhhhh......" I felt her body quake one more time as it sent her off to orgasm one more time.
I stayed hard, and tried to maintain my balance as she continued to jam herself hard against cock.
"Ssooooo fffuuuuucccckkkkiiinggg goooooooood...." she moaned while she stared directly at Trace.
He had finished drenching his window with cum, but held his spent cock in his hand while gazing at Rochelle's pussy devouring my cock. I could feel her inner muscles clamping down hard on my member as she rode out the last of her orgasm.
"Ohhh Ffffuuuuckk!"
I held onto her hips as she finally slowed to a standstill, and let her catch her breath. She held onto the window sill, but dropped her head between her shoulders – exhausted. My cock was still buried deep in Rochelle's pussy but was beginning to shrink with each passing moment. I was looking directly at Trace since Rochelle ducked her head. He looked up at me, still with his cock in hand, and smiled. As strange as it may have been, I had to smirk and smile back myself.
We all stood motionless for a few seconds – Rochelle's breathing starting to come back to normal, and then I saw Trace give me a big 'thumbs up' sign as he turned and was out of view.
"That was pretty fucking HOT there young lady!"
"Oh MY GOD!" she exhaled and gradually raised her head. "Where did he go?"
"Not sure, but we sure gave him a show."
"Oh shit, I can't believe we just did that!"
"Neither can I, but we just did."
She started to stand up from her bent over position. "I don't think I've ever been so turned on in all my life."
"I think I might have to agree with that" pulling my now shrinking dick out of her pussy. Both of our juices flowed out of Rochelle; my cock was super slick, and cum soaked her inner thighs.
"Oh my god Tom....Whew!" She turned around to give me a hug. "That was absolutely amazing!"
Trace came back into view again. He had a hand towel with him and still naked. He walked over to the window to wipe up his seed.
"I believe we gave our neighbor quite the show there. I never knew that exhibitionism was your thing, but you pulled it off amazingly."
"It was Trace who started it. I was just caught off guard with him being naked."
"And you caused him to make quite a mess of his window."
"Wasn't that amazing?"
"He's cleaning it up now."
"What?" she said as she turned back around to look.
Trace had just finished up, and was starting to pull the shades when he noticed us both looking in his direction. He had a cum-drenched hand towel in one hand and waved good night with the other before he drew the shades.
"That was just too weird, amazing, and hot all at the same time." She turned back around to embrace me.
"I should be outraged by this whole thing, but it was amazing - I have to admit. You were so fired up all afternoon and evening. I was shocked that you did a cool-down routine for us out at the pool; but that was nothing compared to what we just pulled off."
"I never meant for this to happen Tom, but it really was ssoooooo fucking HOT!"
I looked into those beautiful deep brown pools, and she had a sated look about her. Life was good – even while having sex with my wife, and allowing another person to look on. Strange, but hot!
"Okay, yes, it was hot." I reached for our blinds to close them.
Rochelle released our hug and sauntered over to our bed while I drew the shades. I followed her there as we lay beside each other. We were both on our backs staring up at the ceiling.
"So, what did you have planned for me this weekend?"
"Wow! Like that wasn't a good start?"
"A start....sure" and she rolled over on top of me. That wicked grin crept back onto her face.
I was uncomfortable about the whole neighbor thing about four hours ago, but here I was actually enjoying what had just taken place. Something was changing in my wife – and it was hard to deny that I wasn't enjoying it either.
****************
Any and all comments are greatly appreciated!