Chapter 2: May Meeting -- Second Day -- Adding Ken and Jerry
This story portrays sometimes surprising sexual relations between consenting adults, with no sluts, no degradation, no domination and no abuse.
= = = = = = = = = = = =
"Hi, Arnold, how are you doing?" I asked when Arnold answered my call. "You said you wanted me to call after the meetings and before the party." I tried to keep my voice neutral even though I was excited, looking forward to the evening and what he might ask me to do.
"I'm doing fine," he said. I could hear the eagerness in his voice as he continued, "Did you enjoy the fantasy last night?"
"I really did," I admitted. "I can't argue about making your fantasies more real. In fact, I had the real Todd here with me last night and we had a wonderful time. Last night was real." I was still conflicted about telling Arnold the truth and making him believe it. In my fear about Arnold's possible jealousy, I made the first part of our call the previous night sound like a fantasy. Now it would be difficult to get him to believe that I was telling the truth. My continued conflict still came from my fear. As enthusiastic as Arnold appeared, I was still afraid that he might get jealous when he figured it out. And, as conflicted as I was, I was also eager for more action.
"Did you get yourself off after I hung up last night?" he asked.
"Kind of," I said. "Actually, Todd got me off several more times." My pussy tingled with the thought. I couldn't help thinking that, if I started tingling like this so early, the rest of the evening would be totally amazing.
"That's the spirit," he said enthusiastically. "Can you tell me about it?"
"Of course I can," I agreed. "And you want me to convince you that it's real, right?" Inwardly, I swore at myself. I had just reminded him that he thought this was all a fantasy. I really wanted to tell him the truth. But I had just made it more difficult for him to believe me when I did tell him. I knew I would have to find some special way to tell him when the time came, some way that would be absolutely convincing.
"I want it to be real," he responded. "Tell me everything."
"Well, I took my blouse off and turned around so Todd could see me," I said. "When I faced him again, his eyes glazed over. He liked what he saw and told me so. He wondered if I liked being touched on the rest of my body like I like being touched on my butt. I encouraged him to try it and find out. We cuddled and necked for a little while. He rubbed and caressed me all over. He had such a nice touch that I came just from him rubbing on me. You know how sensitive my skin is." I couldn't help rubbing my body while I spoke. My caresses on my breasts, my butt, my torso and my pussy felt almost as good as Todd's had the night before. "Well, Todd had such a nice touch that I felt like he was an organist playing beautiful music of pleasure all over me. And I knew that he liked it, too, because he got hard again with very little delay." Even with this little bit of description, plus my own touching, of course, I felt more tingling and moisture in my pussy. "Arnold, I'm getting wet just from telling you about it."
"What about your butt?" Arnold asked. His voice caught as he spoke so I guessed he was probably stroking himself as I talked.
"He knew that you wanted me to appreciate my butt, so he fucked me from behind again," I said. "He caressed my butt so nicely while he fucked me that I came again twice before he came his second time." I reached between my legs, pushing my dress up so I could reach my target. I caressed my pussy through my thong panties and felt the moisture that was already there.
"What do you mean he knew what I wanted you to do with your butt?" Arnold challenged. "How would he know that?"
"Don't be silly, Arnold," I said. "He was following your directions while you and I talked on the phone. He couldn't help but know what you wanted. After he fucked me that time, he massaged and caressed me some more. His touch felt really nice on my breasts and he noticed how much I enjoyed that. So he kissed my nipples and flicked them with his tongue. He's really good with his tongue." I dropped my skirt so I could pinch my nipples through the thin fabric of the gray dress. That felt so good that I couldn't hold back a slight moan. "Mmmm. Then he wanted to eat my pussy." I pushed a hand under my skirt again to rub my pussy within my thong. "I was so turned on I couldn't say no, Arnold. So he crawled between my legs and started to eat me. I think he was really experienced, Arnold." I stroked my pussy more firmly as I spoke and slipped a finger under my thong to caress myself more intimately. My pussy and clit responded instantly, flooding me with pleasure that I hoped would soon be eclipsed by more time with Todd. I was surprised and delighted at how turned on I got from my touch, my memory of Todd's touch and his wonderful penis and telling Arnold about my activities with Todd.
"He started slowly and lifted me up just a little at a time. I almost told him to get serious a couple of times but he lifted me a little more and I felt so good that I forgot to object." I gently rubbed my clit with the memory of Todd's talented tongue. "It felt so good that my clit is all tingly just thinking about it. And he figured out a neat way to rub my butt while he ate my pussy. I really liked what he did."
"He rubbed your butt while he ate your pussy?" Arnold asked. His voice caught even more as he spoke, so I knew he was touching himself and enjoying it.
"Oh, yes, Arnold," I affirmed. "I don't know how he did it but it felt so good that I didn't really care how. While he ate me, he rubbed my butt. He changed his touch every once in a while, reaching up to touch my breasts and around to caress my stomach. He also stuck a finger or two in my pussy while he tongued my clit. It was marvelous." By now I was actively rubbing my clit and feeling my excitement grow. I wondered if Arnold could hear the excitement I felt.
"And you came?" he asked, his voice quavering.
"I definitely came, more than once," I enthused. "He eased his touch each time and then stimulated me more. I don't remember how many times I came but I'd sure like to experience his tongue some more. I'm getting hot just thinking about it and stroking my clit in his honor. Uhhhhh." I know my voice showed my excitement. I experienced a small orgasm just as I finished telling Arnold about Todd's tongue. We were both quiet for a few seconds.
"Was that all you did with him?" Arnold prompted. I thought his voice sounded a little more firm and I wondered if he liked hearing that part or if it bothered him to hear the signs of my orgasm. I wondered if he got off at the same time I did but I didn't think so. I continued my story.
"No, that's not all, Arnold," I said as happily as I could. I didn't have to work to sound happy, I really had enjoyed my time with Todd. "After he finished feasting on my pussy, I decided to return the favor. He was still soft from our fucking so I sucked his penis all the way into my mouth." I heard Arnold catch his breath and I knew I was on the right track. "He still tasted so good because of his cum and my juices on his lollipop. I sucked and savored his tasty tool and it wasn't long before he was hard again. I thought it was fun to make his prick jerk by licking just under and across the tip." My description was true. It was also true that Arnold really liked that touch when I sucked his cock.
"And he really liked that?" Arnold prompted. His voice was really shaky again.
"Yeah, he really liked that," I affirmed with as thoughtful a tone as I could muster. "He also liked it when I sucked him into my mouth and swirled his penis around with my tongue." That was another touch Arnold really liked.
Arnold moaned and could barely speak. "Uh, what else did you do?"
"Oh, not much," I prepared to deliver the ultimate news. "I just cradled his balls in one hand and pressed up behind his balls, you know, just like you like. I even slid my fingers toward his asshole to tease him a little. But before I even got close, he came again. He pumped quite a load into my mouth. I swallowed all I could, then sucked even more to see how much I could get out of him. He gave me several more spurts before he was done for the night."
Arnold moaned even more as I told about sucking Todd off. I heard a clunk as though he dropped the phone. After a few moments, I heard some rustling and Arnold spoke again.
"Babe, you're so hot that you constantly amaze me," he said. I smiled as he spoke. In our married life, there were just two phrases he used that I didn't like. One was when he talked about my big beautiful butt. He and I were working so that I would love my butt as much as he did, so I didn't object to that any more. The other was him calling me Babe just after he had an outstanding orgasm. I stopped objecting when I realized the association. He didn't know how much he told me when he called me Babe, but I knew. He had just cum powerfully. He liked my story. "Babe, are you there?"
"I'm here, Arnold," I responded. "It sounded like you dropped the phone."
"I did," he confirmed. "Do you know how amazing you are?"
"I'm really glad that you think so," I said.
"Babe, you have no idea," he said sincerely. I was surprised. A three-Babe orgasm was unusual.
"We didn't do much after I sucked him off," I said. "But it was a long, sexy night. We cleaned up the mess a little and he went to his room for the night."
"Were you wet all the time?" Arnold asked.
"I was wet from the time I rubbed my butt on him at the party," I confirmed. "You know how I get wet when I'm horny. I was soaking all night."
"That's what I thought," he said. "Do you know what I'd like you to do tonight?"
"I really don't know," I responded. "Does it have something to do with making it real and with my butt?"
"You're very perceptive," he said. "Yes, I want you to make it as real as you can. And I want you to prove again to yourself just how wonderful your butt really is. I want you to wear the gray dress to the party tonight, with no underwear."
"But that will show everything I have," I objected, "and if I get wet thinking about making love with you, my juices will make a spot on the dress that everyone will be able to see."
"That's a good point," he admitted. "OK, you can wear underwear, but it can only be thong panties. Don't wear a bra."
I tingled because that's what I was hoping he would say. "Are you sure, Arnold? I'll be in a crowd of people you don't know and some of them will be in my own company. If I put on too good a show, I could get fired."
"I've thought about that," he said. "I want you and Todd to carefully select a few friends you can trust. When you're with them, I want them to surround you and caress your butt. I want you to find a corner of the room that's away from the main action. I want them to form a circle so nobody else can really see what's going on. Then I want you to dance for them, just as sensually as you possibly can. Rub your butt across the fronts of their trousers until you feel all of their hard pricks. When you've had enough of that at the party, bring them all to your room and call me."
"You know I could never do that at a party," I chided.
"Melanie, was Todd real for you last night?" Arnold asked.
"Todd was very real," I answered.
"I want you to do the same tonight," Arnold said. "I want tonight to be at least as real for you as last night was."
"Arnold, would you want this if it were really real, not just a fantasy?" I challenged. Even if I couldn't get him to believe the truth yet, I wanted his clear approval for what he asked.
"Absolutely," he answered. "If I knew how to set up this kind of situation and prove to you that your butt is the most beautiful thing in the world, I'd do it. I'd hold the clothes of all the men fucking you and help them to get reenergized when they wore out, just so you could appreciate yourself. I would do all of this, just for you, Baby." I smiled at the variant of Babe. He really wanted this.
"So if I set this up with the real Todd and some of his friends, you would want me to go through with it?" I asked.
"That's the spirit, Melanie," he said enthusiastically. "Yes. I give you my permission to find a real Todd and to have wild sex with him and a roomful of his friends. All I ask is that you use your butt to attract them so that you know you have a wonderful butt."
"If you think so, I guess I can work with Todd and see what we can do," I said hesitantly, barely able to keep my broad smile from affecting my voice.
"That's what I think and that's what I want," Arnold said firmly. "Now get dressed like I said, go down to that party and have fun."
"Thanks, Sweetheart, I'll try," I said and hung up. I stood, already wearing the gray dress and thong underwear and no bra and looked at myself in the mirror. I really could see practically everything about my body.
I called Todd's room. When he answered, I explained what Arnold had asked me to do. I asked if he had any friends who could be trusted to keep quiet while we acted the fantasy and keep their silence afterwards. He said he only knew two for sure but they fit all the qualifications. I told him to gather his friends, fill them in on the situation, and meet me at the party. I picked up my room key and some cash, leaving my purse behind, and left my room to head downstairs.
Todd was waiting for me outside the party room with two other men. He introduced me. Both were younger than Todd, Jerry being shorter and Ken taller. As we walked inside, Todd was directly in front of me and the other two followed so close that they kicked my feet a couple of times. I tapped Todd on the shoulder then stopped. Jerry bumped into me.
"Look, I want you close to me," I said, "but please be careful not to kick me or step on me. We can have a little space when we walk and get closer together when we stop, OK?"
All three nodded and we turned to look around the room. Ken tapped Todd on the shoulder and pointed to a corner. Todd nodded and we started walking that direction. When we arrived, we found that the crowd was less dense and the corner was a little darker than the rest of the room. The reason for the vacant corner was quickly apparent. Buster, the funniest customer at our meetings, was entertaining a group of customers and my peers with his comic delivery. Everyone in his "audience" strained to hear his latest quips. As a result, our corner was surrounded by the backs of the people Buster was entertaining. I relaxed a little. I had been concerned that just the three guys wouldn't be able to hide our activities very well. With Buster's unwitting help, we had a much better chance of not getting caught as we acted out Arnold's fantasy.
"What would you like to drink?" Todd asked.
"I'd like a glass of water and a margarita," I said. "Here, I'd like you to hold my room key and my money." He accepted the room key and tried to give the money back. "I don't have any place to carry either," I said. "Whether I pay for my drinks or not, please hold the key and money."
Todd got drink orders from Jerry and Ken, then went to the bar to get our drinks.
"You look really nice," Jerry ventured.
"Thanks, Jerry, I try," I responded.
"I think he means you look really nice," Ken said, emphasizing the word really. "Is it true that your husband told you what to wear tonight?"
"Yes, it's true," I confirmed. I turned around so they could see the entire picture, or as much as they could see in the dark corner. When I faced them again, their smiles and happy eyes told me that they approved. "He really wanted this dress to be in a really bright color but I insisted on toning it down."
"Why did you tone it down?" Ken asked.
"I want to keep my job," I said. "If it were really bright, as form fitting as this dress is, everyone would notice immediately. And that simply wouldn't be in keeping with the image my company wants to project."
"In a way, that's a shame," Ken said, "because from here, that dress shows that you have a wonderful form. Do you realize how tempting it is to put my hands all over your form?"
"Hold that thought," I said, avoiding an answer for the moment but thinking how nice his hands would feel roaming all over my form.
"Why did your husband want you to wear that dress with several men escorting you?" Jerry asked. He smiled nervously.
"I think I have a big butt," I said. "My husband thinks I have a wonderful butt. He has a fantasy that I'll learn to love my butt just like it is if I only realize that guys are really attracted to my butt."
"I'm really attracted to your butt," Jerry said hurriedly. His hands twitched and I knew that he would like to get a grip on my butt. I smiled my encouragement.
Todd showed up with a tray and our drinks. I drank half of my water then started to sip my real drink. "Have you explained everything to Ken and Jerry?" he asked.
"Not everything," I said. "I told them that Arnold likes my butt and wants me to like it too. What did you tell them?"
"I only told them that your husband wanted you to wear a very sensual dress and wanted you to have a close escort of more than one man," he said.
"Let's pull up some chairs for a minute and talk," I said. When we were seated, I continued. "My husband wants me to love my butt. He has a fantasy that I'll love my butt if I realize that my butt turns men on. In his fantasy, men see and caress my butt. They get turned on. OK?"
"That's OK so far," Ken responded. "Somehow I think there might be more to this."
"You're right, there is more," I said. "Can I trust all three of you to keep this entire evening strictly between the three of us? And can I trust you to keep totally quiet when it's time to be quiet?"
"Of course," Todd answered. Ken and Jerry looked confused but quickly agreed.
"OK, here's the complete story," I said. "My husband wants me to be at this party and knock several guys' eyes out. He knows that I'm a little conservative in public so he wants the guys, you guys, to make sure nobody else sees when I'm showing off. So I'm going to dance for you three. I won't strip but this dress reveals a lot about my body. I'll probably rub against you as I dance. When I'm not dancing, and maybe sometimes when I am, we're going to stand really close together. When we do, you can touch me, especially my butt, and we can rub on each other. After we've done that for a little while, I'm supposed to go up to my room and call my husband for some fantasy phone sex. I want you to come to my room with me but I don't want my husband to hear that you're there. So you have to be completely quiet. I want you to act out his fantasy. I don't know what he'll say to do but we'll just have to find that out as we go. Does that make sense?"
"I'm not sure whether it makes sense or not," Ken said, "but it sounds like such a kinky bit of fun that I'd like to be in on it." Jerry just nodded vigorously. "How do we get started?" Ken finished.
"We just follow directions," I said. "Move these chairs out of the way and stand so nobody else can see what I'm doing." They three men followed instructions and I started to sway with the music. The gray dress wasn't quite as sensual for me as the navy skirt but it still felt good. And I knew from Arnold's excitement that it looked even better. I loosened my movements and started to step around, turning so the men could see me. I almost laughed when I noticed how much they tried to keep eye contact and not look at my body as I moved as sensually as I could. I danced so I could brush past each of them in turn. Ken and Jerry stood stiffly, as though afraid of making wrong moves. My mood darkened. I needed their help to make Arnold's fantasy work. I danced past them again, this time deliberately rubbing my butt against the fronts of their trousers before moving to the next one. I wanted to feel their pricks get hard but Jerry and Ken didn't seem to get that yet. If they didn't get with the program soon, this could turn out to be a dud of an evening. I wished I had agreed more obviously when Ken first hinted about getting his hands on me. Todd, at least, was getting noticeably firm.
When I passed Todd, I felt his hand caressing my butt. That was more like it. With my sensitive skin and thoughts of what I hoped to do later, my pussy quickly got wet. Or maybe I should say that it warmed up. I was still wet from my conversation with Arnold and my renewed moisture was warm. I looked directly at Todd and smiled.
I decided it was past time to convince Ken and Jerry that I expected more. I danced past them a third time, starting with Jerry. I rubbed my breasts on his chest and made sure my pelvis rubbed across his trousers. I felt his penis respond. I turned to rub my butt against his trousers and felt his penis respond more. Finally, to make sure they all got the idea, I grabbed Jerry's hands and placed them firmly on my behind. He immediately squeezed and caressed my butt and I felt his growing hard-on. I pushed my butt into him to encourage him more and I heard him moan just a little.
Then it was Ken's turn. When I rubbed my breasts and pelvis on him, his hard-on was definite and noticeable. My pussy responded, resuming its earlier tingling. If his penis felt as good as the hardness and size promised, this would definitely be an evening to remember. When I turned around to press my butt against Ken, he had his hands ready and immediately caressed my butt. This was more like it.
When I moved from Ken to Todd, I glanced over the crowd and was surprised to meet gazes with Buster. He smiled and nodded so subtly that I wasn't sure if he meant to acknowledge me or if it was just part of his comic delivery. He did seem to be in rare form, holding his audience spellbound.
When I moved on to Todd, he didn't wait for my derriere. I still smiled whenever I thought about his word for my butt. As soon as I rubbed against him, he groped my pussy through my dress. I pressed against his hand, welcoming the pleasure of his touch. I looked up at him and gave a big smile to show my encouragement. Jerry and Ken had remained passive when I rubbed my breasts and pelvis against them.
I looked at Ken and Jerry and coached them, "Todd has the right idea. Let me give you a clue." I stepped slightly away from Todd and he kept his hand in my crotch. When it was clear that Jerry and Ken could see what Todd was doing, I put both of my hands on the front of Todd trousers to stroke and squeeze his hard-on. Then I lifted Todd's idle hand and pressed it to my breast. Todd obliged me by caressing my breast and obviously pinching my nipple. Looking at Jerry and Ken, I asked, "I was serious about being touched. Would you like to help?" They both nodded with eyes wide.
I danced past Ken and Jerry again. When I rubbed my butt against the front of Ken's trousers, I definitely felt his bulge. He caressed my butt and squeezed it nicely. This was more like it. My dark mood dissipated. This was going to turn out all right after all. Keeping contact with his front, I turned slowly to face him and push my breasts against his chest. He had to lean over a little to reach my crotch but he stroked me nicely. I rubbed his bulge with my hands and smiled up at him. He flexed his fingers in my crotch and found my clit. I gasped and smiled with the pleasure.
Then I moved to dance for Jerry. Again I started by rubbing my butt against the front of his trousers. I felt a bulge but was even more pleased at the way he used both hands to caress and squeeze my butt cheeks. He caressed down my butt crack and tried to poke a finger in between. I don't think he could tell where his target was because of the dress but he tried. I wondered if his attempt to goose me indicated a specific sexual interest. I slowly turned, keeping contact with him, until I was facing him and pressing my breasts into his chest. We were eye to eye and I gave him a huge smile as he groped my crotch. I felt his hard-on which was definitely smaller than Ken's but he looked very happy when I gave it a squeeze and stroke.
Finally, I moved to dance with Todd. I reached to feel his hard-on as I came close so I decided to keep a little distance from him. He took advantage of the slight distance to caress me more thoroughly than the others had. He caressed one of my breasts, nicely squeezing my nipple between his fingers while he stroked my pussy with his other hand. He quickly found my clit and I luxuriated in the pleasure of his dual touch. I turned around, giving him more opportunities, then turned to face him and squeeze his hard-on again.
When I stopped dancing, Jerry and Ken looked a little confused. Todd moved closer to me and started to touch me. Ken and Jerry quickly joined in and we had a touch-fest with the men touching me and me touching their hard penises. I looked past them and between the heads of Buster's audience. Buster met my gaze and smiled again. This time his nod was definite and unmistakable. I wondered how much he could see with all the people between us. Whatever it was, he seemed to have a good idea about what was going on. Never before had so many hands caressed me at once. I turned slowly as my three guys caressed and touched me. I closed my eyes and luxuriated in the feelings of six hands caressing my butt, stroking my clit, squeezing and tweaking my nipples, and caressing my torso when they couldn't reach other parts. This was what we were there for. The stimulation was enough for me to get into the fantasy. Except this wasn't the fantasy, this was the reality. Three guys were delighted with my figure and showed it with their touches. I stroked and touched their hard bulges each time I turned around and felt them throbbing. With my sensitive skin, my arousal at being touched so nicely, my awareness of their pleasure as exhibited by their hard shafts and my thoughts that Arnold wanted me to do this, I felt like I was dressed in a cocoon of pleasure. I stretched out the moment until my pussy was nearly drenched and decided that we were all sufficiently into the spirit of things. I picked up my drink and drained it. The men followed suit and I led them out of the party room.
"I think you're in the mood to see what kind of fantasies my husband has, right?" I asked. All three men nodded. I led them to my room where Todd let us all in. He gave me my money and key and I put them in my purse. "Now remember, there are two rules," I said. "First, we do what Arnold wants us to do as part of his fantasy. Does everyone agree with that?" They nodded. "Good, the second rule is that none of you make any noise at all while the phone is open to Arnold. I'll have the speaker phone on and that will pick up any noise. So you're to be absolutely quiet. Do you agree?" They nodded again.
I called Arnold. "Hi, Sweetie," I said when he answered. "I've been down to the party, just like you said. I'm wearing the gray dress, thong panties, shoes and nothing else."
"You sound delicious," Arnold responded. "Did you make arrangements with Todd like I said?"
"I tried, honey," I answered. "Todd and I could only come up with two other guys, though. So I hope three guys is enough of a roomful."
"Did you dance for them?" he asked.
"Of course I did," I said. "I made sure they could see how my dress showed off my body. I rubbed against them with my butt and breasts and they all got hard when I did. And it only took a little encouragement to get them to rub my butt and the rest of my body. They did such a nice job that my pussy was wet practically the whole time we were there."
"Did they really like your butt?" Arnold asked. All three nodded vigorously.
"They liked my butt very much, Arnold," I said. "And they all rubbed it very nicely. Jerry even tried to push a finger in my asshole but he couldn't because of the dress."
"He tried to finger your asshole?" Arnold asked. "Did Todd and the other guy try that?"
"No, just Jerry," I said. "Ken and Todd didn't try to poke me. But all of them rubbed my butt like they loved it."
"Are they all there right now?" Arnold asked.
"Yes, they're all here," I confirmed. "We're just waiting to hear what you think we're supposed to be doing."
"That doesn't seem very real," Arnold objected.
"I'm sorry, Arnold, but I just can't read your mind," I defended. "You'll have to tell me what you think. I have three horny men in my room and they're all here because they think my butt is a real turn-on. What do you think I should be doing?"
"I think you should be dancing for them," Arnold said. "You told me that the party room was pretty dark. So you should dance to show them what they thought they saw before."
"OK, I'm going to put you on the speaker phone, Arnold," I said. I wagged a finger at Todd, Ken and Jerry and they nodded their understanding. I set up the speaker phone. "Can you hear me, Arnold?"
"I can hear you," he said. "Tell me what you're doing."
"I'm in the middle of the room and the guys are in chairs around me. Well, Todd is sitting on the bed," I said. "I'm twisting and turning so they can see all my curves and they can see how the dress clings to my body." I discovered that I was having fun dancing for the guys. I had never been much of a show-off before but this was fun. It was even more fun thinking about what might come next. I hoped the guys wouldn't be as hesitant as they had been downstairs.
"Are they close enough to touch you?" Arnold asked.
"No, but I'm dancing toward them, kind of around the circle, so they can get a close look," I said. I waved my butt in front of Jerry but Jerry just sat there. "Oh, Arnold, Jerry just touched me." I waved my butt in front of Jerry again and he tentatively touched my butt. I backed toward him so that his touch was more definite. "He's still touching me. I think he likes my butt." Jerry finally put both hands on my butt and caressed me. I liked his touch but I wanted him to be more active. It was time to let him think about it for a little while.
I danced toward Ken. As soon as I got within reach of his long arms, he started to caress my butt and legs. "Ken's touching me now, Arnold. He's caressing my butt and legs through my dress." Ken seemed a little reluctant to move too quickly. I wanted him to be more active, too. My body was eager to be touched and these guys weren't touching me nearly enough.
I danced to the middle again and lifted my arms as high over my head as I could. My dress obliged by riding up until the hem was nearly at my crotch level. "I think these guys are shy, Arnold. They're not touching me nearly as sensually as I'd like. I'm going to see if Todd is shy, too."
I danced to where Todd was sitting and waved my butt in his face. He caressed my bare legs and pushed my dress up over my hips. "No, Todd isn't shy, Arnold. Todd pushed my dress up over my hips. My bare butt is exposed, except for my butt crack where my thong is. Oh, Arnold, Todd is kissing my butt and rubbing me with his beard." Todd quickly followed my direction. "That's really neat. His kisses and beard feel really good on my butt. Arnold, I'm taking my dress off. I want them to see my breasts too." I matched my actions to my words and was quickly wearing only my shoes and thong.
"What should the guys be doing, Arnold?" I asked.
"After seeing your incredible butt, they should be totally undressed and have their hard dongs in their hands," Arnold said. The guys stripped in record time and resumed their seats.
"You're absolutely right, Arnold," I confirmed. "They're all naked and holding themselves. They all have pretty penises." I danced to Jerry. I took his hard-on in my hand and gave it a few soft strokes, smiling at him to encourage him to get involved. Then I turned and rubbed my butt across his hard-on. "Arnold, I just rubbed my butt across Jerry's hard-on. I think it took him by surprise." I rubbed my butt across his hard-on again and Jerry stroked my butt with one hand, then two. He had a really nice touch that felt almost like he was worshiping my butt. He tried to find my asshole again but was stopped by my thong. "Oh, isn't Jerry naughty?" I observed. "He just tried to find my asshole again. My thong got in the way so he couldn't find it."
Ken slid forward on his chair and I took the invitation to dance to him. I wrapped both hands around his big shaft and gave it some strokes. His eyes gleamed and I knew that he enjoyed my touch. I felt my pussy tingle even more with the thought that I might soon have him inside. I turned to rub my butt across his erection. He caressed my butt and thighs with both hands as I rubbed on his shaft. "Ken's inventive, Arnold. When I rubbed my butt across his shaft, he used both hands to caress my butt and legs. His shaft stood up all by itself for me to rub on."
I danced toward Todd. "I wonder what Todd will do," I said. When I got close, Todd pushed my thong down. "Oh, Arnold, Todd's the practical one. He pushed my thong off and it's lying on the floor. I don't know if I dare to rub my butt on his shaft."
"You'd better rub your butt on his hard-on," Arnold said. "You can't deprive him of that pleasure."
I leaned to rub my butt on Todd's shaft but he caressed me gently, then kissed my butt again. He stood and rubbed his hard-on across my butt.
Rubbing their boners and thinking about what else we would probably do with them got me even more excited. I always though a group scene should provide concentrated excitement. This one had started slowly but I still had hopes. After rubbing all of their boners and feeling the pleasure of their rubbing on my butt and legs, I was ready for more action. My pussy was wet with anticipation. "Arnold, I don't know what to do here. I have three guys with hard pricks and only one horny, wet pussy."
"Which one is the biggest and which is the smallest?" Arnold asked.
"Ken is the biggest and Jerry is the smallest," I said.
"Jerry's the one who keeps trying to find your asshole, isn't he?" Arnold asked.
"That's right, Arnold," I confirmed.
"Then here's what you're going to do," he said. "Get Ken on the bed on his back." Ken quickly climbed onto the bed, his hard shaft pointing up in the air. "Is he there and are you wet?"
"He's there and I'm very wet," I said. "Do you want me to mount him?"
"That's exactly right," Arnold confirmed. I climbed onto the bed and positioned myself over his shaft. He held it still while I rubbed my pussy over its head. That felt so good that I had to rub it through several more strokes. He smiled in response as I smiled with the pleasure. I positioned the head right at my hole and started to press. I had never had a cock that large before so I felt like it didn't want to go in.
"He's big, Arnold," I said. "His cock feels good pressing into my pussy, but I'm going to have to try harder to make it fit." I raised and lowered myself, wiggling my hips from side to side and from front to back, feeling it penetrate just a little more with each movement. When I felt the head fully inside, I raised myself just a little and let my weight down on his hard-on. I gasped as his tool slid fully into my pussy. I raised myself half way off and lowered again, gasping again with the pleasure.
"Oh, he fills me up, Arnold," I said. "I like being filled up." I was sure that Arnold would hear the sincerity in my voice. I was definitely telling the truth when I said that I liked it inside.
"OK, now Todd needs to climb on the bed so you can reach him," Arnold directed. "I want you to suck on Todd like you've never sucked on anyone before." Todd shifted slightly and I obeyed my orders. I liked these orders. I slurped and moaned just a little extra for Arnold's benefit. Then it wasn't extra at all. Ken felt wonderful inside my pussy and I really liked having Todd in my mouth. My pleasure rose and I was eager to hear what Arnold wanted Jerry to do.
"Now, it's time for Jerry," Arnold concluded. "Jerry should get the K-Y jelly and a condom out of your suitcase. I tucked them in when you weren't looking, just in case you wanted to think about letting me into your butt." I pointed the direction and Jerry rushed to retrieve the tube of lubricant and condom. "Your asshole should be easy to find now, with you bent over sucking on Todd. Jerry should lube up your asshole and enter there." He paused for a couple of moments. "Is Jerry inside you yet?"
"Mmmmfff," I said around Todd's cock.
"What did you say?" Arnold insisted.
"I'm busy sucking Todd's cock, Arnold," I said. "I can't do that and talk, too. Jerry is just lubing me up. He had to take a little time to put a condom on. There, he's rubbing K-Y on my asshole and pushing his finger inside. It feels kind of funny. Oh, I guess it feels pretty good. He's using more K-Y and his finger slides pretty good. Now he's trying to push inside. It's tight, Arnold but it feels good. I'm going to rock on Ken to see if that helps."
I reclaimed Todd's cock and rocked on Ken's hard shaft as Jerry attempted to penetrate my anus. He finally got the rhythm right and slid a little farther inside with each stroke until he was all the way in. It felt strange, but the combined pleasure of riding Ken's cock, sucking Todd's cock and being probed by Jerry's cock added up and I felt the pleasure from all three.
"What's happening?" Arnold asked.
I released Todd again and said, "Arnold, I'm trying to suck a beautiful cock here. I've got a cock in my mouth, one in my pussy, and one in my asshole. They all feel wonderful. But I'll be a little busy here until four people cum at least once each." I made loud slurping sounds as I sucked Todd's cock into my mouth again. Then I made sure I moaned and made other sounds to show how good it all felt as the four of us struggled to find rhythms that would get us all going. Ken reached with his long arms and moved the speakerphone closer so it could pick up my sounds. When we hit the rhythm, I didn't have to fake the moans any more, I was totally turned on by the three penises stroking inside me and the six hands caressing all over my body. I used Ken and Jerry as a backdrop as I focused my attention on Todd's wonderful penis. I made sure I slurped audibly when I made little changes to my attentions on Todd's cock.
Jerry came first and I felt him thrust to get his throbbing penis as deep into my butt as he could. I drew up my stomach muscles and tightened my sphincter to try to hold him inside and I felt him throbbing even more. Then he was spent and I could tell that he was shrinking. He pulled out and took the condom to the bathroom. He returned to the bed and started licking my ass.
I re-focused on Todd and he soon filled my mouth with his cum. I swallowed it and continued to suck, trying to get all the delicious stuff I could out of him. When he was producing no more and started to shrink, I made more slurping noises and licked the rest of the cum off of his penis. Then there was Ken. I was still riding Ken and neither of us seemed near the end of our session.
"You know what, Arnold?" I said. "Todd's cum tastes really good. I sucked it out of him until I couldn't get any more. And Jerry came in my butt. When he was done, he started licking on my butt cheeks and he's still doing it. Ken still has his big one in my pussy and I'm bouncing on it. It's nice to feel full. And it's really nice to feel six hands caressing me." Now that I could focus completely on Ken's big boner, I rode it and thrilled at the deep penetration and stimulation it offered me. It was big enough around that it pulled on my clit with each stroke. I wondered if Arnold could hear the results in my voice as I tried to describe what was happening.
"Who is doing something with your butt?" Arnold asked.
"Jerry is licking it," I said. "Todd is a little drained for the moment and Ken is otherwise involved. It's a lot of fun to bounce on Ken."
"Are you facing Ken or facing away from him?" Arnold asked.
"I'm facing him," I answered.
"You should turn around to face away from him," Arnold said. "Then he can see your beautiful butt while you're fucking him. In fact, you should be kneeling on the bed with your head down so he can fuck you from behind."
Ken and I moved to match what Arnold demanded, then Ken started to stroke me with even more intensity. "Arnold, Ken is fucking me from behind and it's wonderful." Ken started to caress my butt and hips. Jerry moved closer to caress my legs and back on one side and Todd moved to do the same on the other side. "Oh, this is getting better. While Ken is fucking me, Jerry and Todd are caressing my butt and my back. Now Jerry's rubbing my butt and legs and Todd is moving under me to kiss my breasts." Todd and Jerry followed my instructions. "Even while he's kissing my breasts, Todd is rubbing my butt and legs. And Ken is still rubbing my back and butt. I like having all these hands on me, Arnold. And it's wonderful feeling Ken's hips slapping my butt as he drives his big shaft into my pussy." The sensations quickly built until I exploded into a blast of orgasmic pleasure. I moaned loudly.
"Oh, Arnold, I came and that was amazing," I said. "But Ken is still stroking, I don't think he came." Ken increased his rate. "No, he didn't cum but I think I'm going to again." I came again. "Wow, Arnold, I came again and Ken is still stroking. With Ken's long dong and all these hands on my butt, . . . Oh, That's another one." Ken increased his pace and I clutched the bed sheets in my hands. "Oh, my god, I'm going to cum again and Ken's still stroking faster. Oh, Arnold, your fantasy is so wonderful, I . . Oh good god, I'm cuming again." Ken impossibly increased his pace again, then blasted a load of cum inside of me. I felt it and wondered if it would end up in my throat from the force.
"Oh my god, Arnold, Ken blasted me with a load of cum and I felt it all inside me. I feel so full and good." Ken thrust one more time to push his noble penis into my body. "I've never felt anything so deep inside of me before, Arnold. That felt so good."
Ken finally started to shrink. Since I was facing away from him, there was nothing I could do about it. Soon, he pulled out. I flopped on the bed on my back and stared up at the ceiling, a big smile on my face.
"What's going on, Melanie?" Arnold asked. "I don't hear anything."
"Oh, baby, I've just been fucked in the ass, swallowed a really tasty load of cum and had I don't know how many orgasms from Ken pounding my butt with his long dong in my pussy," I said. "Let me catch my breath. In the mean time, you can think about what we should do next."
"That's good, Sweetheart. I like that reality," Arnold said. "Tell me about Jerry. He came first, is he getting hard again?"
I looked at Jerry who was smiling broadly and sporting another hard-on.
"You're right, Arnold," I said. "Jerry's hard again and he has such a big smile on his face. I think he wants to poke me in the butt again." Jerry's brightened and he nodded vigorously. He grabbed his shaft and held it for me to see. I motioned for another condom and the K-Y. He hurried to comply.
"Are you laying on your back, just resting?" Arnold asked.
"You're exactly right, Arnold," I answered.
"Well, lift your legs so he can get at your bung-hole," Arnold ordered. "His hard-on shouldn't go to waste." I lifted my legs and Jerry rushed to apply generous amounts of K-Y.
"Jerry didn't need any more invitation than that, Arnold," I said. "He's already smearing me with K-Y and ... Oh, he's pushing inside, Arnold. His hard prick went inside much easier this time. Now he's pumping me with his hard-on." I grunted a little, in time with Jerry's thrusts. "But my legs are tired, Arnold. I can barely hold them up."
"What are Ken and Todd doing?" Arnold demanded. "They should be helping."
Ken and Todd hurried to position themselves one on each side of me. Each one hooked an arm behind one of my legs to hold it up. I pulled their heads to my chest so they could kiss and lick my breasts. I had a thought and giggled.
"What's funny, Melanie?" Arnold asked.
"It's funny with everyone trying to touch my butt," I said. "Jerry tried to butt-fuck me and keep his hands on my butt. He almost lost his balance and had to use his hands to prop himself up. Then Ken and Todd tried to hold my legs up with their heads so they could caress my breasts and butt at the same time." I clutched at Ken and Todd's heads to keep their attention on my breasts. This was one set of pleasures I wasn't going to give up for Arnold's fake fantasy. "It was just funny."
"Was funny? What's going on now?" Arnold asked.
"I want them to kiss my breasts, Arnold," I said. I grabbed my legs to match what I was about to say. "I'm holding my own legs up so that Todd and Ken can kiss my breasts and still reach to caress my hips and butt. Ken's long arms are really good for that." Ken and Todd took their cues, then Todd changed his approach a little. "Oh, Arnold, Todd figured out that he can reach my clit. Aahh this feels really good. Jerry is still pumping in my ass, Ken is caressing my butt, Todd is stroking my love button, and Todd and Ken are kissing my breasts. I like all of this."
"They should be kissing your butt and touching your breasts," Arnold said. I could practically hear the pout as he spoke. But his voice shook and I suspected that he was rubbing himself again.
"Not right now, Arnold," I objected. "Ken and Todd are doing such a wonderful job kissing my breasts that I want them to continue. Oh, now Todd has a finger inside my pussy and is still stroking my clit. Todd is so wonderfully inventive." I moaned for Arnold's benefit but relaxed into the pleasure my three lovers were giving me. Jerry picked up his pace and Todd worked my clit in time with Jerry's thrusts. Ken and Todd increased their tongue-flicking kisses on my breasts and I moaned louder and faster.
"You sound like you're having a wonderful time, Melanie," Arnold said. I thought his voice shook even more and I hoped he was having his own fun with my description.
"Oh, I am, Arnold, I'm having a wonderful time," I said. "Now fuck off while I enjoy all of this attention." I moaned more as I enjoyed all of the sensations being given to my body, climbing toward another orgasm. Jerry moaned as he came and Ken gave him a firm nudge. Jerry stifled his moans and continued to pump in and out of my butt, filling the condom with his cum. Todd tweaked my clit and I moaned loudly as I came. "Oh, Arnold, this feels so good. I just came and ... Oh, I'm still cuming." I moaned some more, expressing my pleasure in my orgasm.
"It really sounds like you're cuming, Melanie," Arnold said. His voice shook noticeably.
"I really am cuming, Arnold," I said. "I can't fake that. Ooooh." Todd fingered me some more and I continued to cum. "I'm cuming for real and it really feels good." I moaned some more as my waves of passion subsided.
"Are you really cuming, Babe?" Arnold asked. My contented smile broadened. Arnold didn't know it but he just told me that he came while I did.
"I really am, Arnold," I panted. My lovers continued to stroke and caress me.
"It sounded like a guy moaned just before you came, Babe," Arnold said. "What was that?"
"Damn it, Arnold," I said angrily. "At least let me come down from my climax. I don't need to be interviewed while I'm cuming." I relaxed a little more and nudged Todd and Ken to stop stimulating me. Jerry pulled out of my butt and took his condom to the bathroom. "Ahh, that's better. Now what were you saying?"
"It sounded like a guy moaned," Arnold prompted.
"I'm trying very hard to make this as real as I can, Arnold," I said, crossly. In the moment of my pleasure, I wasn't ready to explain everything to Arnold. I felt a little guilty for continuing to deceive him but I wanted to be more in control when he learned the truth. I tried to sound contrite, "Am I trying too hard?"
"No, no, that's all right, Melanie," Arnold backpedaled. "You make it as real as you can. In fact, I hope we can make it really happen some time soon. I wish you really had three guys there with you right now and that this wasn't a fantasy. Nothing would make me happier than to know that Todd, Ken and Jerry are real and there with you right now."
"I can't argue with that, Arnold," I said. "Just don't expect me to talk when I'm cuming and don't pull me down when I'm trying to make this good for you."
"I'm sorry, Melanie," Arnold said. "I'm really glad that you're doing this. How is Jerry doing?"
I looked. Jerry had a kid in a candy shop look on his face. "Jerry is really happy," I said. "I think he has a butt fetish. I think he would like to fuck my butt all night." Jerry nodded vigorously and happily. "As a matter of fact, I know that he would. He was the one who moaned. He got so excited about fucking my butt that he couldn't help himself. I told the guys they'd have to be quiet when we were on the phone but Jerry got carried away."
"That's great, Melanie! Maybe Jerry will get that some more tonight," Arnold said. "I think he should, anyway. What about Ken and Todd?"
"Well, I sucked Todd off earlier so I think he should fuck me," I said. "And Ken fucked me so I think I should suck him off. I don't know how much of his big boinger I can get in my mouth but I really want to try."
"Somebody should be doing something with your butt," Arnold objected.
"Oh, we'll let Jerry play with my butt in a little bit," I said. "He may be a little drained right now but he can grab my butt while Todd is fucking me."
"Don't you want Todd or Ken to fuck your butt?" Arnold asked.
"Jerry is a really good size for my butt," I said. "I'm afraid that anything bigger might stretch me out and cause problems."
"Is Jerry bigger than me?" Arnold asked.
"No, Sweetheart, Jerry is just a little bit smaller than you are," I said.
"But you like him in your butt?" Arnold continued, hesitantly.
"Jerry's hard-on feels good in my butt," I said. Ken and Todd got a little impatient with my talk with Arnold and waved their hard penises in the air. I motioned for them to join me on the bed. "But I have two beautiful penises here with me and they're hard again. I'm going to suck on Ken's long dong and I want Todd to fuck me with his wonder-tool."
"If you're sucking, you won't be able to talk, will you?" Arnold asked.
"It would be really muffled," I acknowledged with a giggle. "I don't think you'd understand a word I said.
"I guess you're right," Arnold admitted. "Look, I'm going to bed. You keep playing with your friends and remember that they're supposed to convince you that your butt is perfect just like it is, OK?"
"I'll try, Sweetheart," I said. "I'm sorry you're so tired." I smiled again, knowing that Arnold had cum and was probably ready for his after-sex snooze. Normally, if I were with him, I would stimulate him for another round. But right now, I was just as happy that he would sleep. That would let me play with my three guys without worrying about noise.
"Me, too, but I have to tell you that I got off a couple of times while you were playing," Arnold admitted. "I'm really happy that you're trying so hard. I really do want to make it real for you sometime. And I'm serious when I say that I wish you had three guys with you right now."
"Thanks, Arnold," I said. "Now I'll try to satisfy these three hard cocks and give their owners a chance to satisfy me. Love you."
"That's the spirit, Melanie. Fuck 'em all," Arnold answered. "I Love you, too."
I climbed out of bed, between the bodies of my lovers, and made sure that the phone was hung up and off of speaker. Then I turned to the guys.
"OK, you heard the man," I said in a commanding tone. "I'm supposed to fuck you all. And you, Jerry, are supposed to fuck me in the ass two more times tonight. And I want to suck you, Ken, while Todd fucks me and Jerry plays with my butt. After that, I want somebody, maybe more than one somebody, to eat me. In the midst of all of that, my breasts had better not be neglected and somebody is supposed to convince me that my butt is perfect just like it is. Is everyone ready?"
As I spoke, all three of the men looked extremely happy. They obviously understood that my stern tone was playful and they wanted to follow the sexual plan I described. Two hard pricks stood at attention, waiting for their opportunities. And Jerry was clenching and unclenching his hands as though he couldn't wait to help with his part of the action. We all climbed on the bed and they rubbed my body all over. I almost came from the pleasure of that stimulation. Then we got into the more penetrating action. Todd mounted me and started to stroke while I claimed as much as I could of Ken's big boner. Jerry massaged and kissed my butt like it was a religious experience. Jerry got his head bounced around some because he was kissing my butt while Todd was pounding into my pussy, but neither of them seemed to mind.
Before Jerry got his third shot at my bung-hole, I decided I wanted to learn how to deep throat a cock. Jerry made sure his cock was clean and I started to suck him. I figured out how to relax my throat a little and managed to take him to the hilt. He begged me to let him finish in my butt, so I let him put on another condom and lube me up again. I had Todd lay on his back on the bed and I got over him on all fours. Jerry butt-fucked me while I took Todd's hard prick in my mouth. Relaxing my throat wasn't quite enough to get Todd in to the hilt, I had to have just the right angle. But I figured that out and both Todd and Jerry came at the same time. I swallowed everything Todd could give me, then tenderly licked his softening penis, making sure that it felt appreciated and clean. Then I looked at Ken.
Ken was hard and absentmindedly stroked his hard shaft. Fortunately, it was just a little bigger around than Todd's but it was considerably longer. He joined me on the bed and I started to suck. I relaxed my throat and moved to align my throat to take as much as I could of that long challenge. When I pushed to engulf it, I found that I had to relax my throat some more. I concentrated on his tool and relaxing my throat and tried again. To my surprise and delight, it slid in and I had it to the hilt in one smooth motion. I pulled back and took a breath, then took it in again. I adjusted my position and rhythmically swallowed and backed off of his shaft. In a surprisingly short time, he spewed his cum deep in my throat. I adjusted my rhythm to his throbbing until he had no more in him. Then I paused to taste what was left of his cum and to lick his member clean.
"Am I a good cocksucker?" I asked the three men. They all nodded vigorously. "You can talk now, you know. Arnold's not on the phone."
"Actually, it's kind of neat to have silent sex," Ken said. "But I think it's time for us to eat you and make sure your butt feels really loved."
We continued into the night and they convinced me that they loved my butt. Jerry was an easy sell because that's all he wanted in the first place. But Ken and Todd appreciated all of my charms and proved it with their loving attentions.
= = = = = = = = = = = =
The Melanie story has quite a few more chapters and I want to make it as entertaining and readable as possible. So if you like the story, have suggestions for improvement or might be interested in reviewing and editing subsequent chapters, please let me know.