Tanya must have noticed how I looked at her at dinner last night at Grandma's, because she was waiting for me outside my bedroom door in the morning. I opened the door and there she was in her underwear. "Hi, Jimmy!"
"Sorry!" I whipped my head around, albeit not before a glimpse of her ruffly bra and flowered panties.
"Jimmy, it's okay!" she said. "I don't mind. I was just doing my morning workout."
"You don't mind," I repeated, conceding that I had spent last night wondering what she looked like naked -- now I almost knew. "That's really cool!"
"Thank you!" She headed for her room. "See you at breakfast."
I needed a long shower. Only during that shower did I think to wonder why she would wear a decorative satin and lace bra for a workout, not to mention where she was doing that workout if not her room.
The drive to Aunt Peg's farm was one long and luscious tease. "Like that?" Tanya asked the third time her skirt rode up all the way while she was changing gears.
"Love it," I admitted with a laugh and a glance in the backseat.
"Don't worry, she sleeps like a rock," Tanya said.
"Can't wait to see the farm again," I said, trying to calm the bulge in my shorts.
"How long has it been since you were there?" she asked.
"Ten years."
"So you were only ten last time? I thought you were older."
"I guess that would make you sixteen back then?" I asked.
Tanya nodded. "Remember playing in the pool? You were so cute!"
"You were, too," I confessed.
"We've both certainly grown up," she said. "But I can't wait to get a look at you at the pool today!"
Hours later, after a late lunch and a tour of the grounds with Aunt Peg, I headed for the pool. The view of the lake and the hills beyond was just as beautiful as I remembered. I took my shirt off and slipped into the water, and hoped Tanya was thinking like me.
She was, for it wasn't even ten minutes before she blossomed forth in a pale green bikini. "Alone at last," she grinned, jumping in. She hugged me and felt my hardness. "My, you do like what you see, don't you?"
"Pretty sure you do too," I said. "This...isn't right, is it?"
"You're welcome to say no, Jimmy." But even as she said it, she took my hand and placed it on her breast. "But we may never see each other again anyway. What's a little fun?"
There were no more words, as we stood up to our necks in water and kissed long and deep and clung to one another. She offered no resistance when I pushed her bikini panties down, and spread her legs for me when I reached between them. I teased her lips with one finger and she squealed. "Oooh, do that again!"
I did, and this time I slipped my finger inside.
"Oh, Jimmy!" Her eyes were wide, and her grip was firm as she reached in and pulled my dick out of my trunks. "God, I've wanted to do this since the moment I saw you last night!"
"Only since then?" I wiggled my finger inside her to her delight.
"You pervert!"
"Runs in the family, huh?"
She laughed and kissed me again, still squeezing me while I was still stroking her. When I didn't bother with her bikini top, she reached back and untied it, moaning lustily as I rubbed her into a frenzy. Her breasts bounced free and I leaned down to kiss them one by one, then slipped my finger out and put both arms under her behind.
"Hey, put that back!" But she stopped complaining when I lifted her up to the ledge and stepped up between her open legs. She grabbed my cock with both hands and guided it inside.
"Fuck me! Hard!"
And I did, flailing away below and teasing her nipples with my hands. She yelped loud enough to make me worry about Aunt Peg, but we were alone. She grabbed at my hips and screamed as she came, which was enough to get me off as well. As the tide subsided, I pulled her back into the water and we embraced in silence.
"You'd better go back in first," she said, and I agreed.
"So Jimmy," Aunt Peg said when I stepped inside, "Have you enjoyed catching up with your cousin?"