Jasper walked along the street with the crowd. His aim was to see the great Zabernian Orchestra perform one of its works in the Central Park. They were one of the hottest bands of the moment. Their wall of sound, which contained a variety of textures, far wider than the average, was much desired by audiences everywhere; so much so that it was difficult to get in to see their performances. Today's performance, being in the open air amphitheatre, could seat a very large crowd. Others would stand on the small hill rising behind, but the audience for such a concert had to be restricted. Otherwise the park would be dangerously packed out; crowd crushes could develop.
The Orchestra tried to make itself available as much as possible to the public, and played more frequently than most bands, because they enjoyed the respect and adulation they received. Jasper could understand why they played so often. Wouldn't anyone, who inspired that much respect amongst so many millions, wish to share their talents with the whole world. What greater kick was there than to create your own music in front of the whole world, the whole world watching on. Jasper, like so many of these people, was somewhat of a musician himself. Like most he would have wished he could join the Zabernians on stage. He, like so many others, was quite capable of playing along with them, as he did to their recordings at home, although he had to admit he did not have quite the talent of the Zabernians. That was why so many people wanted to see them. There were thousands, probably millions of bands everywhere. Nearly everyone who was sufficiently into the musical art forms participated in some form of band with friends, often in semi professional performances. Every other hall and every other park had its performers on any particular afternoon or evening. If they were particularly good, people would pay to see the bands. Often the bands would permit members of their audience to participate. Jasper had often joined bands he liked on stage.
Jasper wondered that the Zabernians played so often. Most bands played only limited performances, lest their art grew stale and they became bored with their music. Long gone were those bad old days when competitive specialisation had forced even the musicians to wear themselves out in continuous effort until they began to lose their sense of purpose in unbalanced lives. But if the Zabernians were willing to play so often, then let them. They were free to choose. Doubtless the adulation helped them to remain invigorated. They earned a great deal of money from their performances. Prices were reasonable. As long as bands and promoters could earn a reasonable living, it was no longer the normal approach to amass super profits. The greedy bad old days were long gone. Bands and organisers cared about the people who came to see them. The Zabernians could have charged a few times the fee they actually charged, and got away with it. That was part of their mystique. They were so popular, and yet they refused to maximise their earnings. Like most people in the modern age they saw little purpose in amassing surplus wealth. If all could afford to live a high quality life what purpose was there in trying to earn more. If most needs were amply fulfilled what purpose could there be in working for extra wealth. The objective was to lead a good and enjoyable life, not to work yourself to an early grave. There was insufficient motivation to amass great quantities of surplus wealth. The Zabernians were very rich anyway. Why would they need more? So they charged reasonable prices. Such was the demand to see them that they had already become very rich without intending it.
Jasper reached the park entrance. There was a long queue, but he could see inside that, although the amphitheatre looked full the crowds were not yet too thick on the hill. He decided it would be worth waiting in the queue, so he joined it, hoping it would not be too long before he gained entry. He found himself behind a couple, of about his own age of 26. They had obviously decided it was going to be a long wait, and started petting and kissing. The girl was blonde and attractive. Jasper was sure to be entertained while he waited, yet he felt slightly awkward to be so close to the petting couple, and yet not to be able to participate. He could feel his attention moving away from the thought of the Zabernians towards the girl.
A group of 4 men, some years older than Jasper, immediately closed in behind him, discussing the last time they had seen the Zabernians. Perhaps they might keep his mind off the girl while he waited. "I saw them here about a year ago," he offered. "Were any of you at that one?"
"I think I saw them at that one," said the tallest of the men, who possessed a head of long black hair and a moustache. "That was the one where they played 'Angel Symphony' with a full brass section, and had a troupe of dancers swinging up the aisles. I thought that was really good - the high point of the show."
Jasper cast his mind back and remembered the naked dancers' inspiring performance, as the music rose towards its long climax. His whole flesh had tingled with excitement at the sight of such beauty, as chord upon chord had moved effortlessly towards the final climactic theme. "Ah yes, I remember that one now. The whole performance was superb, but that one stood out. I bet they don't better that one this afternoon."
One of the others said, "I queued for a long time for that one last year, but I was too late. They wouldn't let me in. I spent some time listening from out here. I was just walking away when they started to play and I wished I hadn't already decided to leave. I just went ahead and left. I have seen them do it before but not with the brass section, or the dancers."
"I have followed them for many years," said the tall one with the moustache. "I'm a great believer."
"Oh," said Jasper, pretending a polite surprise, as if they hadn't been famous for many years. "When did you become a follower?"
"About 15 years ago. I was only 15 at the time. They used to play in Solito hall quite often in those days, before they got famous. There were only about 20 in the audience, and half of them joined in on stage that evening. I only wish I could have played something then, but as a youth I never developed any musical talents at all."
"What's your name. It's something to know someone who knew the Zabernians before they were famous," Jasper was genuinely thrilled to be given this opportunity to discuss one of his favourite bands from another perspective. The other men might have felt he was putting his enthusiasm on a bit. After all the famous of today were far more approachable than the 'Stars' of history. Money did not get in the way so much, and sexual jealousy was no longer a factor causing such adulation. The famous were not out to make as much money as in the old days, and they had more time for ordinary living. Their daily schedules were no longer tight. They were free people. Fans were no longer impressed by the sexual antics and opportunities which had always accrued to the 'Stars' throughout history. They need no longer live out their own sexual fantasies through the lives of the 'Stars'. Sex had become free and open, in abundance to all who wanted it. Even so, and perhaps because of modern liberation the sexual opportunities made available to famous people were keenly offered by many fans.
Turning to see into the park Jasper could see that the queue in front was beginning to move in through the entrance once more. The gate officials were carefully marshalling the queue to ensure there was no last minute crush to get in, always a danger at very popular gigs such as this one, and to prevent anyone from pushing in. Most people were quite sensible and realised it was in the common interest to keep an orderly queue, but passions could run high with the Zabernians.
Jasper could not help noticing the couple in front, entwined more deeply than before in the full throes of a gentle and quite understated sexual act. Fully clothed except for the genital areas they had been mutually stroking, the surrounding crowd could not see their most intimate activity very well. Jasper could see as much as anyone. One or two people beyond were watching intently, enjoying the spectacle, making it obvious by their attention that they would be willing to join the lovers if invited. An invitation did not seem likely to Jasper. The couple were obviously close, and seemed oblivious to the surrounding crowd. Of course they might well be in the habit of exhibiting themselves, as many modern people were. It was one of the most popular sexual sports of the modern day. The actors got a big kick out of performing publicly. Some of them were street orgyists, attempting to widen the bounds of public decency and achieve greater kicks at the same time. Jasper did not object, few did today, as the bounds of acceptability got wider. He had been known to participate in street orgies himself, but only the bigger events, not to mention the clubs. Somehow he could still be embarrassed or made ill at ease by the public sex act. Despite the many couplings he had witnessed publicly he still felt they were unusual, perhaps unnatural, as if some ancient part of himself could not relinquish the traditional bonds that had limited people's lives in the past. This couple were doing it to him now. If he had been in a night club he would have been turned on by being so close to them. If he had been invited he might even have joined in if he felt like it. But in broad daylight, with all these people around he felt uncomfortable. He was not part of their act but he was so close others would be watching him, wondering if he would be invited to join in. He even felt embarrassment at the embarrassment he might be betraying.
The couple were thoroughly aroused by now. Low moans passed between them. Jasper was pleased to hear even though he looked away. He heard the man whisper, "I'm ready." The girl whispered, "Please, please," as she leaned back against the fence for support, her legs wide apart, having somehow discarded her jeans, when he was not looking. The man was quickly inside her now, his jeans now around his ankles, and despite their partially clothed state they were fully excited. As he thrust into her he held her, soothing and kissing as she rubbed him below, and herself. The man's gaze briefly wandered over some of the near faces. He was gaining strength from his depravity, drawing perverse pleasure from his situation. The girl was lovely. Jasper was partly thrilled by her. Maybe it was her attractiveness which made him feel so uncomfortable. She was losing her control as her boyfriend's penis rubbed her roughly. Her face showed she was no longer aware that she was in a public queue, but in some private heaven for some brief moments. Jasper was transfixed for some moments as waves of orgasm broke over her. He allowed himself to gaze directly at her.
The men behind him were talking, joking amongst themselves now, along the lines of wishing there were some spare women around. Women were never there when you needed them. They had almost forgotten about the Zabernians. Jasper no longer felt part of their conversation. In the proximity to the sexual act, ordinary jokes and obvious statements no longer seemed of any consequence. The display of sex was infectious. He was moved by it, as the bystanders all were, like a herd of cattle, motivated by a common fascination.
A man from in front of the couple, who had been watching their display intently, put his hand on the girl's shoulder and pressed his face towards her pretty neck, as she recovered from her orgasm. She did not react to the intrusion, but must have felt his breath on her neck. Before or soon after the moment of orgasm it is less likely that anyone would complain about a sexual intruder, after all it is at such moments that we lose ourselves most completely and become focused on sex alone. At such moments we care nothing for the traditional notions of sexual loyalty and social restrictions. We become pure animals, willing to take sexual pleasure from whatever is closest to hand. At such moments intruders may sometimes join the sexual communion. The girl had just been through orgasm and might well be receptive to the newcomer. She was ready for her next orgasm. Her partner however was not receptive. As he fucked her he was not yet ready for orgasm. He knew there was only room for one between her legs and he presumably did not want to share her. "She's mine," he rasped at the intruder, "Find someone else." At this request the intruder stood back into his place, politely accepting the refusal as if it was the refusal of any ordinary transaction in a shop.
A lady, a couple of places down the line quipped, "You can have me if you want." Heads turned. Jasper felt embarrassment for the man, but he had brought it on himself. The man was well into his 30's, with longish styled brown hair and a handsome face. He was well built too with strong shoulders. Jasper judged that most women would find him attractive. It would take a man with sexual confidence to attempt to intrude on a couple's lovemaking in public. However Jasper, and probably most of the onlookers, had underestimated the man. He called out to the lady who had joked, "Come on then lover." It was spoken with a touch of jest, but the lady could have been under no illusion that it was not a genuine offer. She was an average looking woman, probably in her early thirties, younger than the man, tall and fairly slim. Her face was plain but pleasant. Her hair was black and shoulder length. Jasper looked to see who she was with, but could not tell. "You come here then," she answered flirtatiously. This was suddenly looking promising. This lady had pluck, and she must know that she was giving the man a real chance. True enough he went over to her, pushing past a couple of people, who parted for him. This did not count as queue jumping apparently.
"I'm Lev. What's your name?" he introduced himself. Jasper could hardly hear what was said now, but he heard the lady reply, "My name is Delouise." Then they were kissing in each other's arms. No further introduction was required. Jasper wondered if perhaps the lady was lonely for partners, to resort to this in public. Probably she had been as turned on by proximity to the event still unfolding as Jasper but she had the self confidence to involve herself if opportunity presented itself. Jasper and most people would not have the courage, however excited they might feel. Jasper was excited, but he had no desire to create a spectacle of himself in front of all these people. The idea was exciting but it would not work for him in practice. Still each person was free to choose his own sexual path, and, aside from being slightly embarrassed, he felt no resentment against the people who were choosing to do this.
The couple in front of him were still going for it. The blonde was still taking it from the front as she leaned back against the fence. She had begun to unbutton her blouse and her shapely breasts were revealed to give her lover more motivation. He was intermittently banging her with some vigour. The girl moaned softly to him, perhaps she was approaching another orgasm. A couple of men, nearest the first couple, on the other side of them, now that Lev had gone further up the line to Delouise, had presumably decided they could take no more, and had taken out their own cocks. They were massaging them, gazing, both of them, quite unreservedly at the lovely blonde girl. Jasper's heart beat faster now. he was turned on by the blonde girl, whose breasts were every bit as inspiring as her angelic face. For the first time he began to seriously contemplate the possibility of pulling out his own penis, which was just as hard as the two men's. But he knew that was impossible, for him. He was too sensitive to others' opinions. The whole queue would have to participate before he could be comfortable to join in. He had spoken to the men behind him, and although they were watching with interest, and all of them had said they fancied the girl, he had the impression that they felt awkward to be so close to the exhibitionists too. If he began to fondle his penis they would all be watching him instantly, so there was no way he was going to do that. He nonetheless admired the men who could bring themselves to join the spectacle. They were more honest than he, because they acted upon their arousal.
The queue was moving more rapidly now at the front. The people around Lev and Delouise moved forward. The new couple were oblivious as they stroked each other. Lev had his hand under Delouise's blouse, and the buttons were gradually being loosened. She was gently massaging his penis with one hand, hidden no longer. It was time for Jasper to move forward. He skirted around the first couple. As he passed the man's moans grew strong and it sounded as if the man was entering the final stage towards orgasm. Jasper glanced back as the man shuddered into his girlfriend. One of the men stimulating themselves shuddered in response, dripping his seed at just the moment when Jasper walked around them. Then he passed Lev and Delouise, still stroking each other. As he approached the gate he wondered whether the lovers would bother to resume their places in the queue before the gates slammed shut. There were many here this afternoon who would not get in. He imagined the first couple would probably get in now, but Lev and Delouise had only just met and might just continue to make love in front of the crowd, forgoing their opportunity to see one of the really great bands of all time.
Jasper went through the gate. He was feeling back to normal now he was away from the exhibitionist couples. He could wander around the amphitheatre and select a place to watch the Zabernians and relax as the introductory performers played to the arriving audience.