Sorry it took so long for this next chapter. I was unsure where to go then Hurricane Ian hit my home and caused so much destruction. Its not my best effort but I dedicate this to all the good souls that lost their lives. Please donate to Hurricane Ian relief! There is so much devastation! I'm fortunate unlike many others. God Bless!
CODY
I was awaken by mom's crying. Confused and still half asleep I snuggled up to her and asked, "Mom why are you crying? Are you ok?"
She turned to face me and said, "Cody, I know that what I'm going to say won't make sense but we can't do this anymore. It's wrong!" Her statement was confusing so I said, "Mom what are you talking about? Can't do what anymore?"
She started to cry uncontrollably as she whimpered, "Cody, we can't do this. It's wrong. I'm your mother. I don't know why I allowed this to happen but nothing good is going to come out of this. You're my son for heaven's sake."
I felt like I'd been punched in the gut. My mind raced as I tried to process what was happening. How could this be? Last night was incredible. I went to sleep lying next to the love of my life and now my whole world has been upended. I found myself terrified at what lies ahead, slowly realizing that mom is serious about her feelings.
I gathered my thoughts and said, "Mom where is this coming from? Yesterday, hell this last week, has been amazing. We professed our love for each other. Not as mother and son but as lovers. What changed? Please help me understand."
Mom buried her face into her hands and sobbed, "There's nothing to understand! This is wrong. Can't you see it Cody? We've been living out a fantasy for the last week and all of a sudden reality hit me square in the face this morning."
I got out of bed as my body was filled with this unwanted energy. I paced the room trying to gather myself before saying, "Reality? What reality mom? The reality that I love you and you love me? That reality? What are you talking about? Where is this coming from?"
Mom looked up at me, her eyes swollen from the tears shed and said, "Honey the reality is that I'm your mother and you are my son. The reality is that I'm 42 years old and you are 20. What happens in 20 years when I'm 62 and you are 40? Are you still going to find me desirable? The reality is you will be leaving for school in two months and I don't want to stop you from meeting someone your age. That's the reality Cody! That's what you deserve! Someone your age that you can start a family with and grow old together."
I took a deep breath. I felt scared. Scared of losing my love over something that in my mind was a nonissue but in her mind was a major source of pain, guilt, and remorse. I needed to help her see through the fog of her misperception. The love we have found is pure and something worth fighting for.
I got on the bed next to mom and pulled her into my arms. Holding her and doing what I could to comfort her I let her release all her emotions. I gently rocked her in my arms, not saying a word but rather choosing to just make her feel safe in the comfort of my arms.
She whimpered, "I'm sorry Cody. Please forgive me."
I kept holding her close and whispered, "Shh. You don't need to apologize to me mom. I'm the one that needs to apologize for falling in love with you. I love you mom."
I continued to hold her in my arms trying to provide her with a sense of comfort as she dealt with her emotions. I realized that we needed to talk about a lot of things but if I was going to help her see the error of her ways I needed her to see me as her lover not her son.
Mom snuggled close to me and whispered, "This is so hard for me Cody. I've fallen in love with you as well but I'm scared that nothing good will come out of our love."
"Mom there is nothing wrong with how we feel." I lifted her head up so that she was looking at me and said, "Mom at first my passion was based on our physical connection but it soon turned to more than that. Mom you are beautiful but I fell in love with you because you are a caring, loving, funny and intelligent woman. I've been looking for someone like you all my life and now that I realized it's you who I want and love I'll be damn if I'm going to let you throw this away. I want to grow old with you."
I leaned down and kissed her. The kiss was electric as I realized that I needed her more than ever. She didn't really respond but I continued to slowly kiss her, moving from her lips to her face to her neck back up to her ear. I whispered, "I love you mom."
Mom whimpered, "Cody this is wrong. I'm your mother." I cupped her face and looked into her beautiful blue eyes I said, "You are my lover. The love of my life! Someone that I want to grow old with. Do you not feel the same? I think you do but you are frightened. Don't be scared! I'll always be here by your side to protect you."
Mom looked at me, unsure as to what to do or say. I leaned in and devoured her mouth, pushing my tongue inside. This time mom responded in kind, her tongue meeting mine as our kiss escalated. I laid back down on the bed pulling her onto me. We kissed and kissed and kissed as our bodies molded into one another.
Mom pulled up and asked, "Do you really want to grow old with me? Will you still find me desirable Cody?"
I smiled and kissed her again before responding, "I don't ever want to be without you by my side. Do you understand? I love you for who you are and how you make me feel. When I'm with you I'm so much more confident. As far as being desirable you should see what I see from my perspective. If you did you would never doubt yourself. I know we have a lot of issues to discuss and address but promise me that you will always be by my side as we move forward."
Her smile said it all. She said, "Make love to me Cody. I love you so much. I want to feel your touch."
TORI
I can't believe how Cody handled my irrational fear to our relationship this morning. I guess I still have a lot to process about our love but I was amazed at how mature, unwavering, and loving Cody was as he addressed my fears. I know we are in love with each other but knowing that he wants me by his side as we move forward did wonders to uplift my mood and concerns. All I wanted now was for him to make love to me.
He gently rolled me onto the bed and snuggled his body into mine as he showered me with soft loving pecks. The softness of his touch felt wonderful as his hand gently stroked my arm while our kisses continued. I know this is what I want but the illicit nature of our relationship caused me to doubt and become erratic in my love for my son.
His kisses moved to my neck and shoulder as his tongue sensually licked all my erotic points. He stopped and looked at me before smiling and whispering, "I love you." My heart raced and I leaned down to meet his lips. Our kiss escalated as I was feeling those familiar wisps coursing through my body.
I wrapped my arms around him drawing him tight onto my lips. The feeling was pure rapture as his fingers found my breast. Slowly he circled my nipple before gently cupping and lifting my breast. I felt my pussy dampen as his touch was soft and seductive. He kept kissing me as my body was beginning to squirm from the gentleness of his touch.
He briefly broke off my mouth and lowered his tongue onto my nipple. Slowly he circled and licked my nipple before gently sucking on it. I moaned as his tongue worked on my nipple. He replaced his lips with his hand on my breast and slowly swirled his tongue in my ear before whispering once again, "I love you so much baby."
I groaned to his touch and words. I turned my head and said, "I love you too Cody! So much." Our lips meeting once again in a long passionate embrace. Where on earth did my doubts crop up from.
Feeling the genuine love my son has for me left no doubt where his mind is at. His hand slowly crept down towards my now very wet and hot pussy. His fingers ran along my outer lips before pinching them into my slit. The sensation was mind tingling. I thirsted for his erotic touch.
Our kisses turned sensual and erotic as I savored the pleasure his fingers were creating inside me. I so much wanted his fingers buried deep in my pussy but he was in no hurry. His approach only served to heighten my desires as I moaned into his mouth, "Oh Cody that feels wonderful. Oh please make me cum baby."
At long last I felt his fingers probing my pussy as his teasing seemed to have come to an end. I moaned, "Oh yes baby feels so good."
My kissing became more forceful as my passion boiled over in anticipation. Finally I felt one then two fingers slide inside me. I bucked my hips as he slowly teased my pussy. His fingers started to slide in and out before finding my g-spot. I groaned loudly, "Oh yes baby. I'm getting so close. It feels so good."
He slowly started to scratch my little rough patch sending little tremors throughout me. His mouth found my ear and licked it sending more chills down my spine. He whispered, "Make love to my fingers mom. Cum on my hand. Your son's hand. Cum for me."
I moaned as I started to rock on his fingers. The sensations were out of this world as I knew I was approaching an orgasm. Soon I felt his thumb pushed down on my clit causing me to lose all self control. I needed to cum as my body was overloaded with passion and desire.
I moaned, "Oh yes just like that. Don't stop baby. Yes. Yes. Oh my god that feels so good. Yes baby. Mommy is going to cum. Don't stop. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Yes. Yes I'm cumming."
My body spasmed uncontrollably as powerful jolts exploded inside me. My legs clamped down on his arm as I tried to withstand the intensity of my orgasm. My mouth rolled off his as my body tensed from the powerful pleasurable energy racing inside me. All I could do was lay there and savor the intensity and length of my orgasm.
Finally as my body went limp I looked up and saw Cody looking at me with a love in his eyes that I had never seen before. I whimpered, "Please make love to me now. I need you inside me Cody."
Cody rolled on top of me and slowly inserted his big fat cock into my pussy. Slowly he started to slide in and out of me. Lovingly and slowly he pushed in and out of me. Our lips met in another heated embrace as he made love to me. I wrapped my arms around him and moaned into his mouth, "Please don't ever leave me Cody. I love you so much. I don't know what I would do without you."
He pulled off my lips and looked into my eyes as he slowly yet forcefully rocked his cock deep into my pussy. He said, "I'm not ever leaving you. Do you understand? Never. You are mine and I am yours. Together."
I reached up and hungrily attacked his mouth as his words were strong and unwavering. It was what I needed to hear. I wrapped my legs around him and started to meet his thrusts with mine. Soon we were in a wonderful rhythm and I felt his cock start to swell. I moaned, "Oh yes Cody cum inside me. Give me your hot seed. Cum for me baby."
His head dropped onto the side of my head as his pace increased dramatically. I could tell he was going to cum soon so I moaned, "Cum for mommy. Cum baby."
He groaned into my ear, "Oh so good. I'm going to cum mommy. I'm cumming now. Oh yes. Oh yes. Oh my god."
I held onto him tightly as I felt the first spurt shoot deep inside me. His cock was convulsing as he unloaded all his hot sperm into my pussy. My hands caressed his head as he collapsed on top of me. I said, "That was amazing Cody. I love you. I'm sorry about this morning baby."
He smiled and said, "Mom you're amazing. I love you too. Let's go get breakfast. Don't worry about this morning but I think we need to talk some more about our feelings and concerns so that you don't give me another scare."
I smiled and thought he is right. We do need to talk as we are in this together. How on earth did he become so smart and mature regarding relationships.
CODY
Mom went to get ready leaving me to ponder what had just happened this morning. I'm not sure I can again handle the range of emotions I experienced in a short period of time. We definitely needed to talk. Mom has some deep seeded concerns that surfaced briefly but I'm not sure that we fully addressed them in order to prevent another erratic disruption like what occurred this morning.
I need to make sure that mom is confident that my feelings for her are sincere but also recognizes the importance to voice her issues and concerns. I get why mom is feeling the way she is. A lot has happened in a relatively short period of time and we have not addressed any concerns preferring to basically stick our heads in the sand. I think this weekend will be the perfect place to talk and get on the same page so that we can move forward as one.
Mom came out of the bathroom and said, "Okay Cody, it's all yours. Hurry as I'm famished."
I quickly got ready and saw mom wearing a cute pair of shorts with a stretchy white top and the platform sandals she wore yesterday to the pool. It was evident to me that she wasn't wearing a bra as her nipples were very pronounced. I asked, "Aren't we going to the pool or beach after breakfast?"
Mom smiled and said, "Yes but I need to buy a new bathing suit. Mine are old and I want something more trendy for this place. I saw that we were a couple of blocks from a little shopping district. Let's walk our breakfast off and see if we can find me a new suit. Ok?"
I nodded yes and we went to get breakfast. As we ate I broach the subject of this morning's volatile start. I said, "Mom we really have to talk about this morning. Both the good and the bad."
She said, "I agree. First I want to apologize again. I woke up with a sense that I was such a bad mother for allowing our relationship to develop from the normal mother son kinship. Then I started to think how much older I was and I began to feel very vulnerable and it scared me."
"Ok so let's start with your first issue, allowing us to develop a relationship outside the normal mother son bond. You understand that you didn't allow me to fall in love with you. Correct?"
Mom nodded yes and I continued, "Yes you are my mother, but we are both two consenting adults. What happened between us was because we both wanted it to happen. No one allowed anyone to grow into this. Can you at least accept the fact that you are not a bad mother. In fact you are a wonderful mother."
Mom said, "Ok I can accept the fact that I'm not a bad mother but don't you think there is something wrong and perverse about this whole situation?"
"Mom I would tend to agree with you if this was only about sex. What we have is pure and authentic. We both care deeply for each other thus we will be true to ourselves. There is nothing perverse about the feelings I have for you. To think that my feelings are perverse ignores the purity and naturalness of my love for you. I suspect the same holds true for you."
Mom replied, "I would agree that my feelings for you are true and very strong. Maybe perverse is the wrong word maybe it should be unconventional in the sense that we are mother and son."
I said, "Let's do this and see if it helps you with your concerns. I know you like when I use the term mommy when we are making love. How about I start calling you Tori every once in awhile so that you can feel like we are two consenting adults."
"Ok but you will still call me mommy too?" I laughed and said, "Of course Tori. But only when we are in private. Let's go see if we can find a sexy suit for Tori. I'm in the mood to show off my girlfriend's hot body." I took her hand and helped her up. She reached up and gave me a quick kiss and smiled saying, "Thanks for trying to understand me. I really appreciate it."
We found this little shop that sold women beachwear. Once inside mom had a hard time deciding which suit she liked and more importantly if it was the proper fit. The sales clerk was young guy named Perry, probably a little older than me, dressed in beach attire. He told us that there were changing rooms in the back if mom wanted to try them on for fit.
As we headed back I grabbed mom and pulled her close to me. I whispered, "Tori did you see that guy checking you out?" I reached up and squeeze her tit and said, "He couldn't take his eyes off these babies. I know you like to show off, let's give him a show."
Mom swatted my hand off her tit and said, "Behave yourself." Mom would not be a good poker player. Her face was flush and her nipples were erect. She was getting a little worked up.
I smiled and said, "Go try the first one and let me see how it looks.
Mom came out wearing the first suit and she looked hot as all heck. The suit was a lavender triangle top with a string bikini bottom with gold trim ends. It's back was what I would call a barely there ultra cheeky bottom. As she stood in front of the mirror I went up behind her and whispered, "Tori you look so hot and sexy." My hands found the string sides to her bottom and pulled them up higher on her hips so that her pussy was more evident. I pushed into her and whispered, "Tori you are so beautiful. I'm getting so hard."
Mom let out soft moan as she felt my hardness. My hands went up to her tits and squeeze them as she moaned again, "Cody not here."
I stood back and saw her rear covered by very little material. I let my hands gently squeeze both cheeks as I turned and yelled, "Hey Zach come check how this suit looks on Tori and tell us what you think?"
He didn't run over but he didn't waste any time either. Mom stood there shocked that I had called Zach over to see her. She had a glazed look on her face not sure what I was up to. I got behind mom and spun her slowly around so that she was facing Zach. I asked, "What do you think? Does Tori look hot or what?"
Zach echoed my thoughts, "Dude you have a gorgeous girlfriend. She rocks that bikini dude."
I walked around mom and said, "I don't know something doesn't seem right." Standing in front of mom to block Zach's view I squeezed both triangle tops together to expose more of her tits.
I casually allowed my thumbs to rub across her nipples before stepping away and asking Zach, "Is the top supposed to be worn this way? I kinda like it."
Zach replied, "It's up to the woman but if you're asking my opinion I would want your girlfriend wearing it like that." I laughed and said, "Ok thanks Zach we will let you know what we decide."
I looked at mom and her breathing had become ragged as she was definitely aroused by showing off to Zach. I said, "Okay Tori go try the other one. I can't wait to see that one." Mom walked back slowly into the changing room while I waited for her to come out with the next suit.
Mom came out walking tentatively as she was clearly not very comfortable with the suit she had put on. I on the other hand was amazed at how totally hot and sexy she looked. It was another string bikini but this one was a black mesh design with a thong bottom the front barely covering her pussy.
She stood in front of me with a shy timid smile. I twirled my finger asking her to turn around and she complied. Oh my god her ass looked amazing. I approached mom and grabbed her hips as I leaned in and whispered, "Tori you look amazing. How do you feel knowing you look so damn sexy?" She let out a soft moan as she closed her eyes and leaned back into me.
I have to admit that mom wasn't the only one getting worked up. She was driving me wild with desire as I let my hands roam up to her breasts. Cupping them gently and feeling their weight through the flimsy mesh fabric I let my tongue swirl in mom's ear as I said, "I'm so hot for you Tori. I'm going to fuck you so hard."
Mom's legs weakened as my fingers actually found her nipples sticking out through the mesh fabric. She moaned, "Oh yes Cody. You have me so worked up. I need you inside me baby. God you make me feel so good." I spun mom around and devoured her mouth. I pushed my cock into her so that she knew how turned on she had gotten me. As I massaged her naked ass I whispered softly, "I love you Tori." Mom responded with a soft moan as I continued to hold her tight into me.
Mom said, "Cody take me back and fuck your little slut. I'm so fucking turned on I need you inside me." I kept kissing her as I slid one hand into her suit finding a soaked and puffy pussy. Mom moaned, "Oh Cody not here. Let's go back." But I persisted. Her body was rocking on my fingers as I pumped them in and out of her pussy.
I caught movement out of my side and realized Zach was spying on our little sex session. I pressed my lips to mom's ear and said, "Tori look over to your right. Zach is watching you."
Mom groaned at the thought she was being watched. I said, "Tori look at Zach! Do it!"
I saw mom turn her head and look in Zach's direction. As soon as she did her legs buckled and she flooded my hand with her pussy juices. Her body convulsed on my hand as she erupted in another orgasm.
She held onto me as she moaned, "Oh Cody. Oh baby. It feels so good. I'm cumming hard baby. Oh yes. Yes. Oh yes baby."
Mom's head collapsed on my shoulder as her orgasm tore through her. I just held her close so that she could enjoy her ride. I slowly walked her back into the changing room and helped her get changed. Mom's face was flush with desire as she looked up at me and said, "How do you get me to do these things Cody. I've never in my life would have thought to cum in a store changing room with people watching me."
I kissed her and gently lifted her up into my arms. I said, "Let's go back to the hotel Tori. I'm so fucking horny. I need you baby."
We walked out, obviously buying both suits and left Zach alone with his imagination and right hand. It's becoming very apparent that not only does mom have an exhibitionist streak in her she actually enjoys it. These next few days sure are going to be fun.
TORI
I can't believe how easy it is for Cody to get me to act like his hot little slut. It's like he flips a switch and I'm filled with unbridled lust. Don't get me wrong I definitely enjoy this new wild side of me but it's scary how easily he is able to control me. Walking back to the hotel my body was on fire after our little stunt at the beachwear shop. I couldn't wait to get back to the room so that I could fuck my son like a good little slut.
Not much was said as we walked briskly hand in hand. I thought back to this morning and I realized that my reaction was based on the many years I spent with my husband not communicating or talking about our innermost feelings. Not having someone to confide in just aggravates my fears further.
Knowing that for the first time in a long while I was able to talk to someone who actually listened and cared was very cathartic, almost transformative. My 20 year old son was able to talk me off the ledge with his caring and unwavering approach.
I couldn't wait to get back to the room. In reality I was getting turned on thinking about being my son's girlfriend. I actually enjoyed being called Tori instead of mom. It helped make me feel younger which was important to me based on our difference in age. As we walked into the room I pushed Cody back onto the bed. I jumped on top of him and gave him a hot lust filled kiss as I pushed my body onto his.
My pussy was still wet from our little romp in the store so I didn't need any foreplay. I wanted to get fucked hard by my lover and I wanted it now. I felt Cody pushed my top over my tits and begin to maul them as we continued our kiss. Soon I felt Cody pushing my shorts down past my hips as he moaned, "Mommy I'm going to fuck you so hard. Take my shorts off."
I quickly pulled down his shorts and straddled his magnificent cock. Taking hold of it I guided it into my already soaked pussy and impaled myself on it. I groaned, "Oh shit Cody you are so fucking big. I love your cock baby. Fuck me hard."
Cupping both my tits he started to piston in and out of my pussy. I leaned down and engulfed his mouth as I savored the pummeling he was giving me. My body tingled with excitement as he fucked me hard and fast. Pinching my super sensitive nipples added to the slutty feelings coursing through me. I moaned into his mouth, "Oh Cody that feels so good baby. Don't stop. Fuck your slut baby. Fuck me hard."
His hands left my nipples as his arms wrapped around me pulling me tight into him so that he could pump me even faster and harder. I couldn't believe that I was fast approaching another orgasm so quickly. I held on and babbled, "Oh yes. Oh. Oh my god. So good. Don't. Faster. Oh yes baby. So close."
He began slapping my butt repeatedly as he furiously pounded my pussy. He growled, "Mom you are such a hot little slut. I love you. Cum on my cock mommy. Cum for me baby."
I groaned, "Oh baby. Oh my god. I'm cumming. Don't stop. Keep pounding me. So good. Yes baby. Aaaaaargh."
My body erupted with a torrent of indescribable pleasure. I just held on as I rode out the intensity and power of my orgasm. Still in the throes of my uncontrollable spasms I heard, "Shit mom. I'm cumming baby. Take my cum mommy. Oh yes. Oh yes. Oh my god."
I felt his hot sperm shooting deep inside me which only served to prolong my orgasm. I clamped down on his cock as he held me tight and filled me with his hot seed. Finally his cock stopped spasming and he said, "Shit mom that was amazing. I can't get enough of you baby. You are something else. Get off me and lick all your cum off my cock like a good little slut."
I scrambled off him and licked his cock clean. I enjoyed the taste of my cum on his cock. It made me feel like such a slut. Once I finished he pulled me up next to him and said, "Did you enjoy yourself mommy? I know I did. You are incredible baby. I love you so much."
I whispered, "Oh yes Cody. That was amazing as always. I love you too baby." I snuggled my head into the nook of his neck and savored all the wonderful sensations still pulsing within me.
I thought how this relationship keeps evolving every hour of every day. I told myself to control my fears by talking about them with Cody. I'm not used to that, so it might take sometime to get comfortable with expressing my true feelings but I now know that Cody will at least listen to me.
After a little rest in each other's arms Cody asked, "Mom, what do you want to do? It's only noon. Do you want to head out to the beach or the pool?"
I said, "Let's go to the beach. We can always go to the pool at home. I'll wear one of my new suits. Which one do you prefer."
He sat up and said, "Whichever one you want to wear is fine by me. You look incredible in either one."
I smiled knowing he was sincere with his comments. My heart raced knowing that this young man was indeed in love with me. I got up and said, "Okay, I'll wear the lavender one. Give me a minute and we'll head down."
As we headed down to the beach I wondered how to broach the topic of going back to college. Obviously that is going to be a difficult time for both of us. I sighed and told myself to stay in the present. I squeezed his hand as we walked through the pool area. Once we got to the beach my heart sank as I saw all the young beautiful girls. I thought to myself how on earth do I compete with these young hard bodies.
I felt Cody's arm wrap around my hips as he pulled me into him. He said, "Tori you look so sexy and hot. I love you baby." It's like he felt my insecurities and knew exactly what I needed. I looked at him and smiled before giving him a soft kiss.
We asked the attendant for two lounges with a pup tent for some shade. Once seated Cody waived our waitress over and order a pitcher of margaritas. We lathered up with suntan lotion and laid back on our chairs. I was still feeling a bit insecure as I continued to watch all the young beautiful girls prance about.
The waitress arrived with our pitcher of margaritas and poured us each a glass before leaving. We both were so hot that it wasn't long before we needed a refill. Cody poured us a glass and toasted, "To a wonderful day on the beach with the love of my life." I smiled and continued to people watch as we drank our margarita.
Before long Cody leaned in and whispered, "You are the hottest babe on the beach. I love you."
I held his hand and said, "Cody how can you say that when there are all these young girls with their hard bodies running around. I love you honey but I don't understand."
Cody poured us another margarita and said, "Tori I said it once and I'll say it again. You should see yourself through my eyes. If you did, you wouldn't be questioning my strong attraction to you. I don't want anybody but you. Do you understand? No one."
I replied, "I get it honey. It's just that it's been so long since anyone looked at me the way you do. It's hard to get used to thinking of myself in that manner but eventually I will, please be patient with me. Okay?"
He nodded yes and leaned in to give me a deliciously slow sensuous kiss. The kiss sent chills down my spine as I savored the intoxicating caress of his tongue. God I love him so much. He knows just what I need and when I need it. Then gives it to me in droves!!! Our kiss continued as I relished the sensations racing through me. Cody broke off the kiss and asked, "Do you feel better?"
I coyly said, "Yes but I need more kisses like that just to be sure." He laughed and said, "What else are you worried about? Tell me so we can talk about it."
I sipped on my margarita as I contemplated whether or not I should say anything about college before realizing that I needed to be secure in expressing my feelings. It was a situation I hadn't experienced, having someone ask me what I was worried about. I looked at Cody and said, "I'm worried about how I'm going to handle being alone again when you go back to school later this summer."
He looked at me and said, "I've been thinking about that as well as I don't want to be alone either. I have some thoughts but first maybe we should try and figure out what to do about dad when we get home."
I groaned when I heard his response. I know he was right but I was dreading having to deal with Jim. I muttered, "Yes you're right. I have to figure out how best to handle your dad."
Cody leaned in and said, "Mom we won't be able to sneak around forever. The first part of this week was so hard and we only managed three days before you got us out of there. As far as I can see you really only have one choice."
I knew where he was headed. I gulped down the rest of the margarita and immediately regretted it. I was definitely feeling lightheaded from the drinks and the sun. I groaned, "Oh Cody this is so hard. I don't know what to do."
His hand gently caressed the side of my face and whispered, "Mom I love you more than anything. I want to spend the rest of my life with you by my side. Is that what you want as well?"
I nodded yes knowing the thought of not being with Cody was unimaginable. He continued, "Well then there really is only one thing you can do. You need to ask him to move out and file for a divorce."
His words along with the alcohol caused me to become emotional. I started to tear up as I said, "Cody I know you're right but this is going to be so hard to do. I can't talk about this right now. These drinks have gone to my head. Is it okay if I go lie down for a little bit? I'm feeling a little woozy."
Cody immediately sprang up to his feet and began to help me up. I was feeling a little sheepish for getting tipsy so quickly. My lips found his ear and I said, "Mommy is sorry."
He held onto me as we walked back to our room. Once inside he helped me into bed then snuggled up to me. I melted into his arms as I savored the strength of my son's hold on me. Soon our lips met and our kiss escalated into a passion filled exchange. I moaned as his touch had a mesmerizing effect on me.
He cupped my face with both hands and said, "Mom I love you so much. Do you understand that? I don't want to be with anybody else. You are my everything baby. Please promise me you will always be with me. I need you."
We continued our kisses until he finally said, "Mom take a nap. When you wake up will go out for dinner and dancing in South Beach. In the meantime I'm going to go do a little shopping. Is it okay if I take some cash?"
CODY
I had the concierge make us a reservation. He recommended a restaurant called A Fish Called Avalon. He told me to check with him in twenty minutes for confirmation. concierge and found he had a table reserved for us at 8:00. Seeing as it was only 5:00 I decided to hang out in the lobby and people watch so that mom could recharge her motor.
Around 6:00 I headed upstairs only to find mom peacefully sleeping. She looked so beautiful lying on the bed with her lavender swim suit still on. I knew I needed to wake her up so that she would have plenty of time to get ready.
I started to toy with her breasts as they looked so nice in her swim suit top. Casually rubbing her nipple through the top I slowly slid the triangle cup aside and lovingly circled her nipple with my tongue. Mom began to stir as I sucked her nipple into my mouth. Swirling my tongue around the nipple I heard mom let out a soft moan.
I moved up to her lips and gently kissed her as my fingers softly teased her now erect nipple. Mom slowly opened her eyes and smiled. She said, "Oh Cody you make a wonderful alarm clock." I kissed her again as my fingers pinched her nipple eliciting a soft moan.
Mom said, "I can really get used to this Cody. You are such a caring lover. I love you baby. What's the game plan for tonight?"
I smiled and said, "We have dinner reservations at this nice restaurant in South Beach at 8:00. I figure afterwards we would find a place nearby where we can dance before coming home
I watched as my much too sexy mom excitedly bounced off the bed and headed into the bathroom. I laid back on the bed and pondered how to handle the "Dad" situation. Obviously I knew mom was facing an untenable situation, one which it appeared she wasn't ready to face just yet. My thought was what can I do to help mom deal with the stark reality she faced. It was the old proverbial, "you can't have your cake and eat it too."
She obviously was no longer in love with dad but maybe she wasn't ready to end it yet. I needed to find out what she wanted to do because she can't have it both ways. I didn't think that's what she wanted but I think she is truly afraid of crossing that proverbial line in the sand. If that's the case then I can help her, if it's not, then I have a much bigger problem on my hands.
I must have nodded off because the next thing I knew mom was jostling me to wake up. I opened my eyes and broke into a huge smile. I said, "Wow mom! You look amazing! Please tell me this isn't a dream."
Mom twirled and said, "Do you like?" I smiled and nodded yes. I saw mom standing in front of me wearing a classy yet sexy black spaghetti strap sundress. Her hair was pulled up exposing her neck and shoulders.I've seen this look on all the girls back at college but seeing it on mom was a different story. Holy shit! She looked amazing!
I said, "Mom you look incredible! Now do you understand what you do to me? When your confidence wanes a bit please remember that you are all I want. You! Nobody but you!"
I got out of bed and wrapped my arms around her and said, "We are going to have so much fun tonight mom. Let me get ready. I love you baby."
I hopped in the shower and did a speed dress wondering what tonight had in store for us! As I came out I saw mom standing by the balcony. I went up to her and whispered, "I love this look on you. It's classy, sexy, and fun. I've seen college girls with similar outfits but they don't look anywhere near as beautiful as you mom."
Mom smiled and said, "Thank you Cody. I was so hoping you would like it. It's an old dress I found at home. I'm surprised it actually still fits me."
I said, "Trust me when I tell you it still fits. You look so hot mom. Come on let's go I'm starving."
At dinner we enjoyed the pleasant atmosphere and food. Our conversation was light for the most part before I finally brought up the situation with dad. I knew mom was dreading this discussion but I tried to be patient with her trying to listen to her unease and reassure her at the same time. In the end mom realized what she needed to do. She was going to ask dad to move out for a trial separation so that she/we can have some space to further develop our relationship.
As we were leaving we found a club down the street and stopped in. It was a nice place with a big dance floor. The club was just starting to fill up as it was early by South Beach standards. We grabbed a table and order two Mojitos. I had to admit mom was looking really sexy. The dress was short enough that it showed off her toned legs. My hand naturally gravitated to her legs and began to slowly caress them.
We drank, talked, and danced before I got a crazy idea. I quickly googled and found a strip club nearby. I said, "Mom have you ever been to a strip club?" She laughed and said, "No!"
I teased, "Well I think we are going to stop at one on the way home." A slow song came on so I pulled her onto the dance floor and into my arms. My lips found her ear and my tongue swirled inside causing mom to let out a soft sigh. I whispered, "God you feel so good. I can't wait to get you home."
My hands found their way down to her ass. Caressing and groping her sweet butt through her dress I found her mouth and started a heavy duty make out session on the dance floor. We were both oblivious to our surroundings only concentrating on ourselves. We were both so turned on by the time the song ended that I briefly considered going back to the hotel. Instead we went back to our table.
TORI
I felt Cody drape his arm over my shoulder and slide my seat next to his. He leaned in kissed me softly on the lips before his tongue pushed into my mouth. My hand held his head as our kiss quickly escalated. The fact that we were sitting amongst so many never bothered me. His touch is so intoxicating that it's easy to lose myself in the wonderful sensations that run through me.
His hand slowly pushed under my dress and teasingly made its way to my now very wet and hot pussy. My legs opened slightly as I willed his hand up to my pussy. His lips left mine and soon found my ear as he whispered, "Are you wet mommy?" I moaned softly, "Oh yes mommy is wet. Let's go home baby."
Still whispering in my ear, "Let me see how wet you are." His finger grazed against my pussy and I instinctively pushed my hips up to meet his touch. I moaned, "Oh yes Cody."
He whispered, "We can't do this here mom. Everyone is watching you again. We should go."
I groaned, "Oh no. Please make mommy cum." But I felt his hand slide down my leg leaving me all worked up. I opened my eyes and saw several tables filled with people all looking and smiling at me. Damn this is so embarrassing. We left the place and soon found ourselves walking into a strip club.
We paid the cover and went inside. We found a small table not far from a stage where a girl was dancing in just her heels. We ordered drinks and watched the girl on stage. Soon our drinks arrived and I heard a woman's voice ask, "Do you want a lap dance?" I turned to see a woman standing in front of our table wearing nothing but a G-string. She was very attractive with a really nice figure. My body stiffened as I heard Cody say, "Absolutely"
I watched as the dancer quickly straddled Cody and pushed her tits into his face. She rubbed her tits back and forth for a while before getting off him. She then turned around and sat down on his lap and began to grind herself onto his cock. I was mesmerized watching her as it was so new and erotic to me. I also noticed that Cody had slid his hands to the underside of her tits and was gently caressing them.
A few moments later she stood up and pulled her g-string out as she asked, "Would you like a private dance?" Cody smiled at her as he folded a ten dollar bill into the g-string and said, "No thanks"
The dancer took a step back and asked, "Would your girlfriend like a lap dance?" I was horrified and before I could say no Cody said, "Absolutely"
She walked over to me and asked, "Honey is this your first lap dance?" I nervously nodded yes. She swung my chair around from the table and knelt down in front of me as Cody slid his chair next to mine for a closer look. I looked up and noticed a table of men in front of me as she said, "Honey just sit back and enjoy it."
Her hands stroked my thighs before pushing my legs apart. I had forgotten where I was as I watched her crawl between my spread legs and mew, "Oh honey you must be really enjoying this. You're so wet already."
She slid my panties to the side exposing my pussy. I let out quick gasp realizing that the table of men were seeing my pussy all swollen and exposed. Her hands caressed the insides of my thighs as I sat there frozen in my chair. Her hands felt so soft and warm as she pined, "Honey you are so gorgeous."
Cody had his arm around my shoulder and was slowly playing with my nipple. I felt my body tingle all over when her hand lightly grazed my pussy and a bolt of electricity shot through my body. She looked up and smiled at me before standing up. My dress had risen high on my legs and I heard Cody whisper in my ear, "Mommy you look so hot baby. Everybody is watching you baby. You're making every guy in here real hard baby."
I suppressed a moan as she straddled me and pushed her tits into my face. The only breasts I had ever felt were my own. Hers felt so soft and warm on my face that I felt myself fill with desire. I sat frozen in time as she pulled my head closer to her busom. At one point I instinctively flicked my tongue over one of her budding nipples. I felt so erotic, so slutty, and so lost in the moment with these unknown urges.
The dancer stepped off me and smiled as she turned around. At that moment my eyes quickly scanned the crowd and noticed that most eyes were glued to me. I became more excited knowing once again that strangers were seeing me exposed before them. I looked down and noticed that my dress was still high on my legs, my wet pussy exposed for all to see.
I couldn't believe how much that turned me on. Maybe I am a slut. It was such a wicked feeling. The dancer bent forward and pushed her ass closer to my face. I found my hands instinctively wandering up toward her ass. Her ass was smooth and firm as my hands instinctively caressed each cheek. A soft moan escaped my lips as my hands continued to massage her sweet ass.
I was getting so turned on. I didn't know if it was the woman, Cody playing with my nipple or exposing myself in front of strangers, probably a combination of all three, but I knew that I needed to cum badly. This whole day had been another awakening of feelings and desires that I never knew existed within me. Lost deep in my thoughts I did not noticed that the dancer was now standing in front of me awaiting her tip.
Cody handed me a ten dollar bill and I tentatively slid it inside her g-string. She reached down and gave me a soft gentle kiss before whispering to me, "Honey are you sure you don't want a private dance from me?" I smiled and nodded no. My hands were shaking when I picked up my drink and watched as the dancer moved to another table.
Cody leaned over and gave me a wet passionate kiss that seemed to last forever. As we finally broke off our steamy exchange he smiled and whispered softly into my ear, "Baby that was amazing."
I noticed several men in the room, their eyes still fixated on me, sending sparks racing inside me. I just wanted to get home so I could cum. I turned to Cody and said, "Baby let's go home and have some fun." We quickly settled up our tab and left.
When we got outside Cody called an Uber. As we waited he looked into my eyes and said, "Baby I am so turned on right I need to fuck you now baby."
Just then the Uber pulled up and we slid into the back seat. As we rode in the back of the Uber he reached down and kissed me softly at first then with more intensity. I returned his intensity as I moaned into his mouth, "Cody tonight has been amazing. I love you so much."
He slid his arm around my shoulder and onto my breast as our tongues continued to probe each other's mouth. He whispered into my ear, "Mom I love you so much. You turn me on so much. I'm so glad we have each other baby."
Soon I felt his other hand slowly pushing up my leg. I was in a sexual fog and I opened my legs to allow him room. I was oblivious of the Uber driver as my body was filled with electric sensations. I felt his finger graze my wet panties and I instinctively moaned, "Oh yes baby that feels so good."
I was ready to cum but Cody had other things in mind. He broke our kiss and whispered, "Does my hot little slut want to cum?" I moaned as my hips pushed to feel his touch, "Oh yes Cody. I'm such a slut. Make me cum baby. Please I'm so close."
Still teasing me with his touch he said, "Mommy do you want to cum in front of the Uber driver? He is watching you. Does that turn you on?"
I groaned and grabbed his face and devoured it with my mouth. He was right. I was so turned on. Knowing that I was being watched excited me to no end. The sensations coursing through me were indescribable. It was jolt after jolt of pleasure. I didn't care who saw me. I just wanted to cum on my son's hand. Just as his finger pushed into me the car came to a halt as the driver turned and announced our arrival.
I looked at the driver and saw a big grin on his face. I licked my lips and winked as we got out of the car. I was so on edge not having cummed. I was in a sexual daze as Cody led me into the hotel. We walked through the lobby, and much to my surprise, past the bank of elevators leading to our room. We walked down a long empty hallway until we reached a glass door.
We walked outside to a darken hidden view of the pool grounds. The pool was busy with people enjoying the beautiful views of the Atlantic while enjoying the music blaring through the hotel sound system. We were literally one floor above all the action, albeit somewhat off to the side.
Cody's arms enveloped me as his tongue pushed into my mouth. We made out for several minutes as we enjoyed the relative anonymity of our position. Cody broke our kiss and led me closer to the action. I knew what he was doing and I had to admit while it was exhilarating, it was scary. I said, "Oh Cody I can't do this. It's too risky. What if we get caught?"
"Do what mommy?"
I replied, "Let's go back upstairs to our room so you can shove your cock into me."
He smiled and said, "You weren't thinking it was too risky when you wanted me to make you cum in front of everyone at the dance club? You had no issues showing off your pussy to the guys sitting next to us at the strip club? No mommy I'm going to fuck you right now. Right here."
I felt my juices flow at the thought of getting seen by strangers. I groaned, "Ok but hurry up before I change my mind." He bent me over onto the concrete ledge and hiked my dress up above my hips. He nudged up from behind, spread my legs apart and guided his cock into my pussy until just the head had popped in.
I groaned and pushed back impaling the entire length of his shaft inside my pussy, "Oh god yes. I love your cock baby. I've wanted you inside me all night. Fuck me hard with your cock. I've wanted you to fuck me so hard."
I rocked my ass back and forth onto his cock savoring the delicious feeling of my pussy being filled with his big cock. He reached down, grabbed my ass and repeatedly slammed deep inside me. I looked down at the crowd and caught some glances. My body shivered as I muttered, "Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Yes Yes Yes. Give me all you got. Fuck me hard. Oh yes that's it. I love your cock. Fuck me. Harder Harder!"
He squeezed my ass and furiously pummeled my pussy over and over. My head thrashed wildly from side to side as I panted, "Make me cum! I'm so close. Make mommy cum! Please don't stop. You feel so fucking hard."
Sensing my orgasm quickly building he increased the pace and intensity of his thrusts. I groaned in pleasure, "Yes that's it baby. Fuck me hard. Oh yes. I'm so close baby. Oh. Oh my god, yes that's it! Aaarrgh!"
My body exploded with another powerful orgasm. My legs thrashed underneath him as he buried his cock into my pussy faster and faster. My body shook and spasmed until I lost all control collapsing onto the ledge. Soon I felt his cock explode gob after gob of his hot cum into my still spasming pussy as our bodies shook and shuddered. He kept shooting his hot sticky cum into me as my pussy convulsed on his cock.
He let his cock soften inside my cum filled pussy. Finally he removed his cock from my battered pussy, turned me around and gave me a long wet kiss and said, "Let's go upstairs to our room."
CODY
We walked back into the hotel hand in hand, in silence, emotionally spent from today's roller coaster of emotions. I took stock in all that had transpired and hoped that mom had come to terms with what we will face together as we move forward.
We walked into our room and I turned to face her. I lovingly cupped her beautiful face and smiled.
She said, "What?"
I leaned in and gently kissed her lips, her chin, her cheeks, her forehead never once releasing my hands. I looked at mom and said, "I love you so much mom. I hope you understand that what we have is pure, loving, and very special. Today was filled with a lot of emotions. Let's make tomorrow, our last day here in paradise, one filled with love, lust, and passion."
Mom moaned and ran her hands up to meet mine that were still caressing her face. She said, "I promise that tomorrow and the day after and the day after will always be filled with the love I have for you as well as the unbridled desire to be in your arms."
She moaned as I slowly ran my hands down her sides until they reached the bottom of her sexy little dress. I kissed her as I slowly started to pull her dress up. Mom wrapped her arms around my neck and passionately returned my kiss. I savored her unbridled lust as my hands cupped her bare ass.
I pulled back, smiled, and said, "I love your ass. Mom your butt is so soft yet firm." She moaned and attacked my mouth as I continued to pull her dress up until I lifted it over head and arms. I stepped back to admire my beautiful mother standing in front of me wearing just a sexy little thong underwear and her heels. I smiled and said, "Mom you are so beautiful.
I said, "Let's go to sleep. I'm exhausted and tomorrow will be a busy day."
Mom took her shoes and underwear off and slid into bed. I undressed and snuggled next to her delicious body. Both of us physically and emotionally spent we fell asleep in each other's arms.