Hubby and I are having a fantastic Jamaican get-away! Hubby was treating me to a luxurious stay at an adults-only island resort.
We had flown into to the island this morning and, after a short journey to the resort, we had checked into a beautiful over-the-water bungalow which was located just off the resort's private island. I noticed that when we arrived in the room, the staff had arranged the word "love" made with red and yellow petals floating in the soaking tub.
I quickly got changed into one of the tiniest bikinis that I own: a Microminimus tuxedo bikini in black.
I walked out onto the sun deck wearing this small bikini and a white cotton lace miniskirt while Hubby went away to arrange a romantic dinner for later that night. I decided to use this alone time to look around this fabulous villa.
The sun deck had two levels: an area immediately flowing from the lounge and a lower level nearer the sea. There was a selection of chairs and loungers placed around the deck. I knew what sort of holiday that Hubby was wanting and why he had chosen an "Adults Only' resort. I knew we would be having some sexy fun out here soon!
I sat down on one of the chairs on the lower deck and surveyed the view of the bay. We had a small raft tethered to the deck and a chrome ladder which gave us access to the sea. All the villas shared access to an area of water that was enclosed within a safety net.
I couldn't decide where the best area was to catch the sun's rays. I had decided to remove my miniskirt and moved around the deck trying out all the furniture. The sun deck has a big fibreglass storage box which doubled as a bench seat. I thought this box would be perfect for getting an all-over-tan and I could easily see me lying naked on here later in the afternoon.
I spread my legs as I lay back on the box. My mind drifted to thinking about Hubby. I wish he would return soon as the warm sun always had this effect of making me feel horny.
I looked inside the box and found all the cushions and squabs for the deck furniture. I took out two big squabs and placed them on the two sun loungers on the upper deck level. I lay down on one of the loungers, but I wasn't happy here: the sun was shining in the wrong direction.
I moved to the stairs leading to the lower deck and lay back to catch the rays. It didn't feel all that comfortable sitting on the hard wooden steps, but at least they were pointing towards the sun.
I slid the small panels of my bikini top aside. My nipples need very little encouragement to become aroused and having them exposed to the hot sun beaming down caused them to become instantly hard. My pink areola and nipples always look great next to my fair skin. I am really proud of my firm 34C sized breasts.
I have always loved the feel of the sun on my bare skin, although I have to be careful not to get burnt. I knew I would need to put some sun protection soon as my fair skin burns quickly. Getting up, I walked inside to look for the sunscreen.
It was a gorgeous tropical day, and I was feeling hot, so I made myself a refreshing pineapple margarita. It was then that I realised that Hubby was still not returned. I thought to myself, "Where had he gone, and what was taking him so long?"
Off to the side of the kitchen area was a large floor-to-ceiling plate-glass window. I could see Hubby in the distance as he nonchalantly returned to the villa along the over-water boardwalk. I don't know what came over me, but on an impulse, I dropped my miniskirt and bikini bottom as I stood in full view next to the window. He smiled at me as I showed him my naked, aroused pussy.
Just then I realised that I was putting on a show for the older couple in the villa just down from ours. I didn't mind that they were getting a good look at me. I have recently enjoyed putting on a show for people.
I pulled my tiny tuxedo bikini bottom back up but let the lace miniskirt drop to the floor.
In the centre of the floor adjacent to the villa's entrance was a piece of reinforced glass recessed into the floor. You could look down into the sea from inside the villa's lounge. I was so horny and wanted Hubby so badly that I decided to lie down on the glass so that I was the first thing he saw as he walked in the front door. By now, all I was wearing was my tuxedo bikini bottoms.
I was laying back on the cold glass as Hubby walked in and found me waiting for him with my legs spread invitingly. Kneeling down, he peeled off my tiny bikini bottom and marvelled at my smooth, hairless pussy.
I am usually hairless, and for this special holiday, I had gotten fully waxed just two days ago. Apart from my flame-red hair, I made sure that I was utterly hairless everywhere else on my body.
Without saying a word, Hubby bent down and licked my sweet, bald pussy. Oh, I love the way Hubby licks me. He held my knees apart and lavished long, slow strokes of his tongue along my very wet slit. He started by burying his nose in my pussy and then he would move his nose up so that it rubbed over my sensitive clit.
Hubby started sucking my clit. He drew it into his mouth and then rubbed the nub with his tongue. His tongue felt heavenly on my red, puffy and swollen clit. For a few minutes, he licked and flicked at it. He stretched and tugged my ultra-sensitive clit, pulling it out with the suction of his lips.
Hubby plunged two fingers in my dripping wet pussy as he started to hum. The exquisite vibrations resonating through my clit along with his fingers gently stroking inside me pushed me over the edge.
I screamed, "Oh God! Oh God!" over and over as I came in a gigantic pulsation of ecstasy.
When I turned over, I was surprised to see that a young couple was resting on a paddleboard floating in the water underneath us. The young guy was busy licking his naked girlfriend's pussy.
The girl was staring directly at me through heavy-lidded eyes. Her orgasm erupted soon after we made eye contact.
The guy stood up, looked up at me with a wet grin, and started to slowly paddle off. His girlfriend just lay on the board, stretched out naked under his legs.
What was happening to me? In the space of about a quarter of an hour, I had put on a strip show. And now I had been bought to a fantastic orgasm in full sight of this couple. What would they think? There was a good chance that we would meet up somewhere in the resort in the next few days.
I wondered what the other resort guests would think of me.
I pulled up my bikini bottom, Hubby had not entirely removed it before his recent assault on my pussy. I grabbed Hubby's hand and lead him out onto the deck. I wanted to show off a new piece of jewellery I had bought, especially for this holiday. It was a thin gold chain that hung around my neck. The two ends of the chain had small clips that attached to my nipples.
I placed my nipples in the clips and then draped the chain behind my back I lay back on the sun lounger, my feet at the head. I have sensitive pink nipples, and today they were particularly hard. The clips held on comfortably to my nipples.
Then I did something I had wanted to try for some time. Looking seductively at Hubby, I asked, "I want to try sucking you deep in my throat," I said. "Would you like that?"
"Oh, Pixie, I want to fuck you so much," was his answer.
I reached over and pulled Hubby to me. Untying the cord holding his shorts up, I grasped his hard cock and pulled it out of his trousers. I fed his cock into my mouth, and as I was lying on my back, my throat was nicely stretched out. Hubby pushed forward gently, and his cock slowly entered my throat.
Hubby always likes me to watch him as I suck on him, so I kept my head back as much as possible and looked right up into his eyes as I continued pulling his arse towards me. This forced his cock deeper into my throat. Eventually, he was so deep in my throat that his balls were resting against my nose.
I moaned around Hubby's cock as he started to rub my sensitive, puffed nipples. He gyrated his hips as he fucked my mouth. It didn't take long for me to feel those tell-tale signs that he was ready to cum. I felt his cock begin to twitch, so I stopped for a moment picked up my cocktail drink. I took the glass in my free hand went back to the job I loved so much.
I sensed he was about to explode, I jerked my mouth off of him and aimed his spurting cock into the pineapple margarita. Hubby's cock gushed as he came in great, powerful bursts that repeated again and again. His hot cum swirled around in the glass.
I got up and knelt on the turquoise cushion on the fibreglass storage box. Hubby looked up into the sky, and we both saw that the plane that we had arrived in had taken off and was flying back to the mainland. Somehow seeing this made our holiday more real. I felt marooned on this island with my beautiful husband staying in a remote, luxurious resort.
I slipped off my tiny bikini bottom, and I lay back on the white fibreglass box and spread my legs.
"Please fuck me," I asked as I finished my margarita.
"Oh, Pixie!" was his simple reply.
Licking my lips, I gazed into Hubby's eyes and said: "delicious!"
I was completely naked apart from my sunglasses. I had dropped my bikini bottom, which had fallen down and was draped over my left knee.
Grabbing my ankles, Hubby slid me along the flat storage box. My head was resting at one end, and I ended up lying on the turquoise cushion. Hubby held my legs wide apart and plunged his hard cock deep inside me.
"Oh, that's it! Fuck me . . . hard!" I pleaded.
I was lost in the sensations of being fucked outside, in broad daylight. I didn't know or even care if anyone could see us. I was enjoying Hubby plunging his cock deep inside me too much to worry about that.
Hubby held my wrists over my head, which forced my tits to sit higher. I love the way they look when he does this to me. My calves rested on Hubby's shoulders, and I managed to cross my ankles behind Hubby's head. My whole body was tilted in such a way that allowed Hubby to plunge his cock nice and deep in my wet, willing pussy.
I looked up at Hubby as he pounded into me. I couldn't decide whether his expression was love or lust. It didn't matter: I had undergone such an incredible transformation ever since Hubby had bought me these sexy Wicked Weasel bikinis. I was really enjoying all the sex we were having, and I was amazed at how much I was enjoying showing off in front of people.
I dug my ivory-white acrylic nail extensions into Hubby's back as he fucked me. Hubby grinned at me as I did this; he enjoys feeling me grip him with my talons to give him non-verbal feedback: the harder I grip him, the more he enjoys it.
I gazed directly into his soul as he looked down at me. "I love it when you fuck me like this," I whispered. I really loved the way Hubby's body slammed down on me at each stroke.
"Oh, God. I'm going to cum again." I moaned.
Hubby's body collapsed on top of me, but he continued to gyrate his hips, filling me deeply with his beautiful, hard cock. I was able to reach up and plant a long wet kiss on his lips while still clasping his back with my nails.
Hubby quickened his pace. I could hear wet, squelching noises as his cock plunged into me.
"Oh Fuck, Oh Fuck," I screamed. "Oh, Oh, Oh," was all I could say as my orgasm overtook me. I felt my legs start to shake uncontrollably as this sensuous, warm wave engulfed me.
I moaned. "Oh fuck, I'm cumming!" I had a long series of little orgasms as Hubby relentlessly fucked me.
I breathed heavily in his ear, "You fuck me so good. Fill me up. I want to feel you cum inside me." Hubby plunged deep into me for the last time.
I know this always works and, almost as if on cue, Hubby unloaded into me as he collapsed on top of my body. Hubby let out a deep, guttural moan, "Urgh," as I felt the head of his cock press hard against my cervix. I could feel his warm seed being pumped into my womb.
He just lay there, breathless, as I felt his twitching cock continue to fill me up. I grabbed the back of his neck and gave him a long, loving, wet kiss. "I love you, Jay," I whispered.
"Love you, too. Pixie" replied my wonderful Hubby breathlessly.
A few minutes later, Hubby said, "They enjoyed the show as well," as he pointed to the older couple in the villa just down from ours. She was bent over the dividing fence has he fucked her from behind. Both of them were looking straight at us, cuddling on our deck.
The older guy screwed his eyes up, and she let out a small moan. It is evident that he was unloading his cum inside her as we looked on.