My name is Angel. I was nineteen at the time the events in this story happened. I'm five feet, two inches tall. I have long brown hair and large-ish breasts, though I do wish they were bigger! I do have a toned, athletic, body though from a decade of gymnastics.
I went to a party one Saturday night during my sophomore year of college. It was the usual college party! Joel was one of the boys I knew from school. His parents were away and there was a party at his place. I was still living at home but my parents weren't very strict. I was supposed to be staying at a girlfriend's house that night, so I wasn't expected home until Sunday afternoon.
The party was huge! Just about half the college must have been there, with mostly boys and maybe thirty or so girls! I was having a great time. I was horny as hell and out to get laid, hopefully with Joel but if not, then certainly with someone else.
I wasn't a virgin! Not even close! I lost my cherry quite some time ago. I had only had three lovers that I would call boyfriends, but I have had a few one-night stands as well. I love how they call them one-night stands. With college guys, they are mostly five-minute stands! The point is I wasn't completely sweet and innocent. I had fucked or blown three or four of the boys who were at the party that night previously. This was mostly my regular social crowd with a few boys from nearby schools that I didn't know.
The party was rocking. I was putting away the drinks pretty quickly. I was trying to get drunk and succeeding admirably. Most of the other girls there were with their boyfriends, so I was getting lots of attention from the boys who weren't attached.
It was a nice warm night and Joel suggested going for a swim in the pool. There were already a few guys in there. Skinny dipping of course! I had the hots for Joel so I agreed but I kept my panties on. Joel was all over me in the pool. Kissing and touching. I was enjoying the attention. I was kissing him back and letting his hands wander without too much resistance. I had already decided he was the one I was going to fuck that night!
At one point he had me up against the wall of the pool, kissing me and squeezing my tits, below the waterline. Then he put his hand down my panties and slipped his finger inside me. I was getting fingered right there, with about seven other boys in the pool with us. I was pretty sure they knew what was going on.
A little while later, Joel got out of the pool to go and get us both a drink. The other boys started gathering around but I had made my decision so it was just a bit of harmless flirting. I was waiting for Joel to come back! We were all laughing and water fighting. Most of them were using that as an excuse to get a feel. One of them even tried to finger me but I wriggled away. They all managed to fondle my tits though. I had hands going everywhere and only two hands to stop them but It was still just harmless playing around.
Eventually, I realized Joel had been gone a long time. I got out of the pool, despite the protests from the boys, and went looking for him. I picked up a shirt from the deck chair and went inside. I couldn't see Joel anywhere! I thought maybe he was in the bathroom, but it had been a long time so I went to make sure he was all right. He wasn't in the bathroom, but I needed to go, so I locked the door. While I was sitting there on the toilet, I could hear noises coming through the wall from the bedroom next door. Someone was having fun! It was obvious they were having sex! Then I heard the unmistakable sound of Joel's voice through the wall!
I finished in the bathroom and went next door! Joel and some other guys were tag-teaming one of the girls. Joel had his cock in her mouth and the other guy was fucking her. A third guy was standing back waiting for his turn. I was pissed off! The guy I had set my sights on was being blown by another girl, right in front of me. Joel looked up and saw me! He looked stunned for a moment then started to say something. I just said, 'Fuck you.' and walked out. I was annoyed. I have always managed to get any guy I set my sights on. Being thrown over for a tall blonde bimbo, ten minutes after I let him finger me, really hurt my pride.
I went back out to the pool area to get my clothes and go home. I found my top but couldn't see jeans, or a bra anywhere. The guys were calling for me to come back in the pool, but I just wanted to leave. Then one of them called my name and I saw that he was waving my bra in the air from the centre of the pool. One of the other guys did the same thing with my jeans. I asked them to give them to me but they just kept saying 'come and get them'. I didn't have much choice. I took off the shirt I had borrowed and jumped in. Naturally, that didn't do any good. It just turned into a game with the boys tossing my bra around and me chasing them.
I was pissed off at first but eventually, my mood changed and I started to laugh along with them. More of the same sort of water fighting as before happened. Only this time my goal was to get my bra back. Their goal was a bit different! I was playing and fighting with them. We were in a tight group at the time. I was trying to get my bra from Steve who was holding it above his head. He was much taller than me so I couldn't reach but he was enjoying my bare breasts rubbing up against him as I tried to reach high enough. Whenever my arms were outstretched, reaching for my bra, the other guys would grab my tits or stick their hands between my legs. Then the bra would be passed to someone else and the whole thing was repeated. Everybody got a good feel.
The other guys were touching me and squeezing my tits when suddenly, someone pulled my panties down! I don't know who it was! I squealed and tried to stop them but it happened so fast and I was obstructed by hands all over me. Now the game continued except I was naked and had both my bra and panties to get back. I was unsuccessful of course! There were about eight of them and they were all bigger and stronger than me.
Eventually I gave up and things settled down a bit. I became more relaxed about being naked in the pool with a group of boys. Two of them, Dean and Holden were friends with Joel. They had me pinned against the wall and were kissing and touching me all over. I knew both of them from school and I was seriously thinking about letting them take me to one of the bedrooms. I was still pissed off with Joel and fucking two of his friends in his house, was starting to seem like a good way to get revenge.
I said, 'I need a drink.' Dean offered to get me one. A few minutes later he came back and gave me a drink of something. I drank about half of it in one go then placed the bottle down by the side of the pool. I was feeling pretty good and both
Holden and Dean went back to kissing me and feeling me up. They had me pinned against the wall and were getting serious. One of them was always kissing me, while their hands were all over me and then one of them started fingering me. Things just got more and more heated. It wasn't a game anymore. They were being seriously passionate. It was obvious what they wanted and I did nothing to stop it. I wanted it too!
I was in the shallow end of the pool now so my tits were out of the water for all to see. I was getting hot with these two feeling me up and taking turns fingering me. I kind of forgot about all the other guys in the pool. I broke away from Dean who was kissing me and turned around to reach for my drink. They didn't stop touching me the whole time. Holden came up behind me and reached around with both hands, cupping my tits.
I was having a drink and was still leaning forward on the edge of the pool when he slid his cock inside me from behind. It surprised the hell out of me! I wasn't expecting it right at that moment. It happened so quickly and my drink went down the wrong way. I started to choke on my drink and put the glass down. Holden didn't even pause. He kept fucking me while I was choking!
Before I could get my breath back, Dean jumped up sat on the side of the pool, and slid in front of me. His cock was hard and right in my face. As soon as I stopped choking on the Vodka, he grabbed a handful of my hair and pulled my head down towards his cock. My lips seemed to part all on their own and before I even knew what was happening, I was getting it from both ends!
Like I said at the start, I felt a bit distant as if this was all happening to someone else. I was just an enthralled observer, watching as I was being used. Dean was holding my hair in his fist and was pulling my head up and down on his cock. I wasn't resisting.
I wanted it! His cock was getting hard now and he was pushing it down my throat. I've always found it easy to swallow cock. I know lots of girls who say they gag, but I have never had that problem. I was deep-throating him, and he was loving it.
Holden gave an almighty thrust and came inside me, pushing me forward and my head came off Dean's cock for a moment. Then Holden pulled out. I felt the sudden absence of his cock much more than I felt him fucking me. Isn't that strange?
I thought that Dean would jump in and start to fuck me then, but he just pulled my head back down and I continued sucking him. I still felt Holden's hands on my body from behind, reaching around and squeezing my tits. Then I felt him enter me again. His cock was still as hard as a rock! Only then did I realize, it wasn't Holden! I had forgotten all about the other guys in the pool and one of them had just started fucking me. I knew most of the boys in the pool but I was being fucked by one of them and I didn't even know who it was!
I tried to lift my head and see who it was.