Sometimes in life, the stars align for no particular reason and life can take a very exciting left turn for absolutely no reason; and that's what happened to me earlier today, when I had a spare couple of hours between appointments so, as the weather was unseasonably warm and very sunny, but a bit breezy I took a detour to a small lake I'd been meaning to photograph for quite a while.
When I arrived at the small car park there were two women with a small child feeding the swans and a couple of older people just out for a stroll.
I was completely immersed in taking photos within a couple of minutes; including some really good ones of the swans squabbling over the food the little girl was throwing to them. It didn't take long for the food to run out, and with a polite smile and nod the women walked back to their car at about the same time as one of the other couples. I went about my business taking lots of photos of the reflections in the calm water.
As the second car drove out of the car park a blue Ford Escort slowly drove in; and caught my attention because the driver deliberately drove to the far end of the car park. As I reviewed my photos a youngish woman (perhaps in her thirties) got out of her car and lit up a cigarette. As she did so a small gust of wind caught her dress and it blew up revealing the tops of her legs; before she pushed it back down; she coquettishly looked in my direction; our eyes meeting for the briefest of moments. I may have blushed.
I was now only pretending to examine my photos as she slowly and quite sexily walked towards the lakeside, stopping next to a small wall to admire the view and take a long drag on her cigarette. As she did so the wind caught the rear of her cotton dress and it blew up again, then it dropped and a second gust blew it so high I nearly caught a glimpse of her knickers. Strangely the young woman stood stock still and let nature take its course.
As she wasn't looking in my direction I cheekily I turned the camera onto 'live view' so I could see her in my screen rather than the tiny viewfinder; and the next time the wind caught her dress I took a couple of risqué photos.
I'd never done anything like this before so my heart was racing; and it all seemed quite harmless. Quite by chance the next gust of wind was much stronger and blew the dress right up to her waist; giving me a flash of her pink and white knickers. I was like a statue; terrified to move in case I startled her; but she just continued smoking her cigarette apparently oblivious to the show she was giving me.
Eventually she stubbed out her cigarette and turned to walk away. I excitedly began reviewing my photos and had got some sharp pictures of her athletic legs and pink knickers. As my mind was racing through things I could do with them I realized she had only moved to a more secluded part of the car park 5 or 6 yards away where the wall was a touch higher and was now actually leaning across it smoking another cigarette with her arse pointing directly at me.
Flabbergasted I reset the camera just as the wind blew the dress up again; showing her thighs. I looked around and saw the old couple at the other end of the lake; we were all alone; but I had no idea what I was meant to do in this situation; I'm 43 and been married 20 years; things like this don't happen to me!
Soon the wind was making her dress flap and then it was lifted all the way up showing her pretty pink knickers in all of their glory for 10 or 15 seconds; but it felt like a lifetime. The woman remained oblivious, nonchalantly smoking her cigarette with her legs pated in a very sexy V.
By now I was relaxed and a little bit excited, sitting on my car wing clicking away with my camera. The woman was wearing black patent sling-back shoes with kitten heels and a smart blue cotton, shortish over the knee dress and looked very smart in a business woman kind of style.
When she finished her cigarette she stubbed it out and straightened her dress; as if nothing untoward had happened. As she walked towards her car she stopped and turned her head slightly in my direction before giving me a second coquettish smile then pointed a well-manicured finger towards her car. I looked puzzled; so she winked and blew a kiss then pointed at the car again; before taking the last few steps.
She got into the driver's seat then appeared to swivel around until her back was filling the window. I had a dilemma; should I stay or should I run? My brain was screaming Run, Forest RUN!! But my curiosity got the better of me and I walked around her car to find the passenger window down and she was facing towards me with her dress pulled up to her waist, left leg curled upwards on the seat and her right in the foot well giving me a totally unobstructed view of her visibly damp knickers.
Her face was flushed and her boobs were heaving up and down in the scoop neck part of the dress. I tried the handle but it was locked.
"Take pictures." She huskily whispered, "Take pictures."
On auto pilot I raised the camera and fired off a couple of shots. The woman slowly closed her eyes and with one hand gripping her dress the other began stroking her swollen labia through the nylon, making her gently bite her lip. Neither my wife nor either of my previous girlfriends had ever let me watch them masturbate; so my head felt like it could explode; especially when she began pushing the thin nylon into her slit, revealing wisps of pubic hair at the sides.
Still with her eyes closed the nameless woman let go her grip on the dress and with both hands took hold of her knickers; before stopping for a second then raising her arse slightly and sliding the underwear down her legs; dropping them on the dashboard. A few seconds that lasted an hour went by and she slid down again and spread her legs wide apart. I had turned my camera onto video mode and my eyes were now bulging like pool balls as I stared at her bright pink gash peeping out from the soft down of her pubes.
Like all men I think I can turn a woman on; but I'd never seen a woman's pussy as wet or inflamed as this. Soon her hand was stroking and tugging her pubes and the other tightly squeezing a tit as I sneakily stroked my own bulge through my trousers. As her fingers teased her pussy lips she began unbuttoning her dress until it fell to her sides then sat up and let it fall down her arms as she stared into my eyes. Still tickling her pubes and labia she curled her free hand behind her and unhooked her pink bra; dropping it too onto the dashboard before lying back against her driver's door completely naked in a public car park.
For a man my age she looked absolutely stunning. Her tits were full but a bit saggy with stiff brown nipples and you could see some light stretch marks on her stomach; but she was a lot slimmer and sexier than my wife. Unbelievably it was only as her fingers slid between her pussy fold that I realized she was wearing wedding and engagement rings.
With my camera perched on the door filming the sexy scene she began slowly fingering herself; one finger then two...right up to the hilt, slowly at first then faster making her lift her arse off the seat to meet her own thrust as she groped her own tits; occasionally stretching her puffy nipples, making her wince.
Soon her fingers were a blur; dipping in her honey pot two or three at a time then viciously rubbing her extended clit as she gasped and grunted as she tried to cum.
"Shit!" She eventually gasped, "Shit, shit, shit!" Then she began turning onto her hands and knees moving backwards towards me, "you do it for me."
My stomach was now doing a spin cycle as her naked heart shaped arse and dripping cunt were less than a foot away from me.
"Finger me. Anything you want." She gave a throaty gasp, "just fucking bring me off."
I placed the camera on the dashboard and nervously stroked her taught arse cheeks. "Stop fucking about!" She grunted as she wiggled her hips and raised her hips; "finger me!"
Nervously I slid my hand between her legs and felt how hot and sticky her cunt was. Tentatively I probed her slimy opening with my middle finger; but she surprised me by pushing back and my long fat finger went all of the way in.
"Oh God...yes." She panted, and threw her head back as I began twisting my finger in and around all of her internal crevices. "Another." She coughed, "stick another one in...please; fill me up."
I moved my wrist and a second finger easily slid inside her sloppy cunt; making her buck her hips as I began jamming them in as hard as possible into every corner and crevice.
Leaning through the open car window was a little bit awkward; especially as she wanted it done vigorously and roughly.
"I'm going to open the door." I half asked and half told her."
"Okay." She panted in response.
When I pulled my fingers out, they were completely covered in goo and smelled incredible. I quickly unlocked the door and opened it wider; to find she'd raised her hips even higher so her cunt was nearly winking at me.
I moved as close as possible and stroked all around her gaping cunt; even tickling her puckered arse hole which made her whimper; but I didn't have the nerve to actually probe it.
"This is a once in a lifetime thing!" I smiled as I probed her cunt with three fingers again making her squirm as they went in deep as I leant forward and juggled her flappy tits; then I pulled them out and curled my little finger inside to give her a really hard time with four man size fingers, she was soon squealing and grunting with delight; then I crudely pulled them out; curled my thumb inside and slowly inserted my whole fist into her already stretch cunt.
She was now gripping onto her seat and making guttural grunting noises as I completely filled her cavity and nearly pulled the lining out on the backwards strokes. With a knee on the seat for added purchase my arm was soon like a piston as I fisted the fuck out of this complete stranger's cunt in her own car, as my other hand began fiddling with her engorged clit.
It must have taken me nearly two minutes of forceful fisting and clitty rubbing; but she eventually began trembling and moaning as an orgasm started in her toes and ended with a dirty foul mouthed tirade - "Fuck! Fucking Hell! You're going to make fucking cunt fucking explode!" Her head was flailing back and forth; "yes, yes, YES FILL MY DIRTY FUCKING CUNT UP!" Then she began squealing like a stuck pig and flopped forward, pulling me down with her.
Her body now completely soft and relaxed, as I gently pulled my hand out of her stretched hole; making it gave out a large farting rasp and a gush of fluid emptied onto the passenger seat.
I moved out of the car as the enormity of what I'd just done hit me like a brick. She rolled finally rolled onto her back and was giggling, as she spread her legs wide apart again.
"Do you want to wank onto me?" She smiled as she stroked and caressed her pussy.
"Are you sure?" Was all I could think to say in reply?
"Yes." She blew me a kiss; "You deserve it."
Suddenly aware we were in a public car park; I looked around to see that my car was the only other one visible; the old couple must have left.
Without a second thought I unbuckled my belt and dropped my trousers. My cock sprang out of my pants and I immediately began furiously tugging on it. She moved onto her knees and cupped her tits in front of me. That was it; splash, spurt, splash and I was cumming like I'd never known before - hitting her on the chin and tits, before she moved forward and sucked the last few drops from my tingling knob.
Rubbing my spunk into her skin she turned her head and coyly smiled; "Thanks. You can go now. I need to get dressed. People to see and all of that. Thanks again."
She then pulled the door closed and handed me my camera.
If I wasn't sitting her watching my homemade porn video I'd never have believed it had ever happened.