Loosely based on actual events. All people are over 18.
------------------------------------
A number of years ago when I was married to my first wife I decided to start investing in some property, trying to supplement my income in later life and maybe subconsciously looking for a way out of my failing marriage.
I started small and did any of the renovation work or repairs myself to keep the costs down. I now own several properties but leave the maintenance to the professionals as I have more than enough other things to occupy my time.
This story is about one of my first tenants, Abby.
Abby was single and her story of being rejected numerous times trying to find a rental place of her own had me going against my better judgement and renting out a small terrace house to her.
I did get a couple of character references and a months rent in advance and thought just how bad could it be.
Everything was arranged for her moving day, all signed and paid in advance and I met her at the house with the keys and to talk her through anything she needed to know.
Abby was a stunning looking girl with long blond hair, huge boobs and long slender legs. She had a lovely smile and was easy to get on with. She was 27 and I wondered to myself on more than one occasion why she was single.
I myself at that stage was 32 and in a loveless, sexless marriage. I'm 6ft and in pretty decent shape. I did a lot of walking and keep fit and the heavy lifting that came with the house renovations also helped keep me toned. Don't get me wrong, I didn't have a six pack but I thought I looked not too bad.
I showed Abby round the house and even helped her bring in a lot of her stuff. Not something that I would normally do but she was there on her own. She was wearing a tight pair of gym leggings, under which I could see the outline of a tiny thong, and a tight pink t-shirt which was straining against her large boobs. I think that contributed to me wanting to help.
Once we had everything brought in she offered me a beer and I gladly accepted, even though they were warm.
We chatted for a while as we drank our beers about where we grew up and the sort of things we were interested in. I kept stealing glances at her body whenever she wasn't looking and it made me wonder what she would look like naked.
"So how come you're single?" I asked.
"I don't know," she replied, "I just haven't found the right man I guess."
"I'm sure you have no shortage of offers looking like that." I smiled.
"Oh I have plenty of offers alright but..."
"But what?" I asked, wondering if she was maybe a lesbian.
"They can't really handle me." she replied shyly.
"Sorry, I don't know what you mean." I replied slightly confused.
"Sorry," she replied, "You're my new landlord and I probably shouldn't be telling you any of this. You probably want to keep things professional and get back to your wife."
I hadn't mentioned the fact that I was married and the house was in my name only but she must have seen the wedding ring the first time we met.
"No worries." I replied, finishing off my beer. "I'll leave you to get settled in and if there are any problems please don't hesitate to give me a call or text."
I left Abby to unpack and went home.
When I got home I got a grilling about how long it had taken me and what the new tenant looked like etc etc. I just gave one word answers, past caring about my marriage at this stage.
A week went by and I received a text from Abby on Thursday to see if I could call round that evening. There was some sort of issue with the cooker. I replied to tell her that it was no problem and I would call round about 8.00pm.
I told my wife where I was going but all I got was complaints about why someone else couldn't sort it out. She didn't realise the cost of calling out a spark to look at something which might be pretty simple.
I rang the bell at the house and Abby answered, pulling back the front door to let me in.
She closed the door behind me and I turned round to ask to show me what the problem was and I struggled to get the words out.
She was wearing a pair of short silk pyjamas. The top wasn't buttoned all the way up and I could see the swell of her breasts and the outline of her nipples through the fabric. The shorts were pretty short, not vulgarly so but short enough to show off her long, tanned legs.
I was getting an instant hard on and didn't want to give her the wrong idea about me.
"Ehhh, so what's the ehhhh, problem with the cooker?" I managed to ask.
"Come here and I'll show you." she replied, brushing past me in the small hallway.
I followed her into the kitchen, or rather I followed her cute ass into the kitchen.
"The cooker just won't turn on." she said, playing with the knobs on the hob to show me.
I couldn't help wishing she would play with my knob...
"Does the oven work?" I asked, trying to think what the problem could be.
My mind went to mush though whenever Abby bent over and opened the oven door to see if there was any heat. The thought going through my mind right then was how I wanted to pull her shorts down and slam my cock right into her pussy. It had been a LONG time since I'd had sex.
"Do you think there's any heat coming from it?" she asked looking over at me.
I went over and knelt down in front of her, sure that she would have seen my erection poking through my jeans as I did.
I stuck my hand in the oven, but there was no heat and no light on.
I looked over at Abby to tell her my thoughts and I could see straight down her top. Her large boobs were hanging beautifully and her nipples were very erect. Was she turned on or did they always look like that?
"There's... no... ehhh.... heat that I can... feel." I replied.
"What do you think it is then?" she asked standing up, leaving me now looking at her long tanned legs, my face level with her covered pussy.
I stood up, trying unsuccessfully to hide my erection. I saw her glance down at it a couple of times so I know she noticed.
"Let me check the fuse board." I replied, going into the hall.
I knelt down at the fuse board and Abby followed to see what I was doing.
"There's your problem," I said as I pointed to one of the trip switches.
Abby bent over again to look, giving me another eyeful of her boobs.
"Should that not be pointed up when it's turned on?" she asked, a slight smile on her lips.
Ok, so now I knew she was playing with me.
"Yes it should be." I replied, turning the switch on again.
We heard a beep from the kitchen and returned to find the cooker working once again.
"Looks like that's you sorted."
"So what caused it in the first place?" asked Abby.
"It could have been a number of things." I replied, "but if it happens again just let me know."
"I feel so stupid for calling you out for something so simple." she replied, "Do you want a cup of coffee or a beer when you're here?"
I wasn't in any rush home so accepted a beer, grateful to spend some more time with a beautiful woman.
We stayed in the kitchen drinking our beers, I lent up against one worktop and Abby jumped up onto another, her long tanned legs, swinging in front of her.
We chatted about our work and other things before Abby asked me how long I had been married.
"Just over ten years." I replied, with a sigh that I hadn't realised I had let out.
"Wow," replied Abby, "ten years is a long time to be with one person. Are you not happy?"
"I didn't say that." I replied.
"You don't sound happy."
"I think I got married too young." I replied, "I guess I should have played the field a bit more. You know what they say. The best contraception is wedding cake."
"I hadn't heard that one." laughed Abby, bending over slightly giving me another glimpse down her top.
"So you're not getting any then?" she asked, smiling.
"That's pretty much it." I replied, shrugging my shoulders.
"Thats a shame, a good-looking guy like you. You're in your prime."
"Thanks," I replied, blushing slightly at the compliment, "I don't see anyone knocking down your door though and you're much better looking than I am."
I wasn't sure just where this friendly banter was going or even if it was going anywhere but I enjoyed the compliments. Let's be honest I didn't get any at home, compliments or sex.
"I told you before. Men can't handle me." replied Abby, sticking her tongue out at me.
"I'm sure there's plenty willing to try." I replied, finishing my beer.
"I suppose I should be going. Let you get back to your evening."
"Thanks again for sorting that out." replied Abby.
"Thanks for the beer." I replied, heading for the door before I said or did something I would regret.
Abby pushed past me once again, reaching for the front door.
The feel of her smooth leg brushing past my hand made my cock jump and I wanted nothing more than to take her upstairs and fuck her hard and fast until we both came.
I left her to it and went home to have a good wank, thinking about what was under her pyjamas.
The next few days were quite but I thought about Abby a lot more than I should.
On Wednesday afternoon I got a text from her asking if I was free to call round that night. There was another slight problem.
I normally have a few teething issues with new tenants so this wasn't anything unusual. I just hoped that I wasn't going to end up with one problem after another.
I replied that I would call round but it would be around 9.00pm as I had to work late.
I finished work at 8.00pm and went home to get a quick bite to eat and get changed.
"Are you going round there tonight again?" asked my wife.
"Well there's not much I can do about it." I replied, secretly glad to get out of the house.
I arrived round at Abby's just after 9.00pm and she opened the door to me this time wearing a very short nightie. It wasn't particularly lacy or sexy, just very short. No boobs on show tonight but plenty of leg.
"Hey," she smiled, "thanks for coming around again."
"No worries." I replied, "What's the problem this time?"
"It's the smoke detector." she replied, "It's beeping constantly. I have a new battery for it but I can't reach it. Sorry, it's probably not something a landlord should be fixing but I didn't know who else to call."
"Don't worry," I replied, "I'm sure I can sort it."
"It's the one upstairs." she said, heading up the stairs in front of me.
I followed behind her taking a good look at her long legs. When she got to the top she turned round and pointed up at the ceiling.
My mouth hung open, not at where she was pointing but when she lifted her arm to point at the smoke alarm her nightie rode up, showing me her uncovered pussy. I was standing a few steps down from her and I was literally looking straight at her pussy. She had a small blonde landing strip and it was the most beautiful pussy I had ever seen. Well, that's maybe a slight exaggeration, it was the only pussy I had seen in person in a number of years.
Realising that I was staring (and possibly drooling) I looked to where she was pointing, checking to see if she had noticed me staring first. She had... She had a thin smile on her face and her cheeks were slightly flushed.
I decided to concentrate on the job in hand, not the pussy I wished my hand was on.
"Not a bit of wonder you couldn't reach it. I don't know why the previous owner put it there."
The smoke alarm was quite high up and couldn't really be reached without a ladder.
"Do you have a ladder?" I asked.
"Sorry no." replied Abby, "Is there any other way to reach it?"
I looked at the banister at the top of the stairs before climbing up on top of it. It was still out of reach.
"Damn it. I really need a ladder." I said jumping down from the banister.
"Could you not lift me up or something?" asked Abby.
I looked at Abby and looked back up at the smoke detector wondering if it would work.
"I'm not sure I could manage to hold you up." I replied.
"Are you saying I'm fat?" asked Abby, smiling.
"No, no, not at all. You have an amazing figure." I blushed.
"You think so?" replied Abby shyly.
"Of course." I replied, "You're stunning."
"What if I got up on your shoulders?" she asked.
"That could work." I replied, thinking about how I was going to keep my erection contained with her smooth tanned legs over my shoulder. That and her bare pussy on the back of my neck.
"Ok, I have the battery here." she replied, "turn round and sit on the top step and I'll climb on."
I did as she asked and she lifted one leg at a time over my shoulders. I grabbed hold of her smooth bare thighs, making sure not to drop her.
"Are you ok?" I asked as she gripped her legs tighter around my neck.
"Yip, I'm fine." she replied, wriggling against me. "Ok lift me up slowly."
I lifted her up slowly making sure not to drop her.
"Move to the right slightly" she asked.
She then reached up with both hands to unscrew the cover which lifted her nightie up over my head. I couldn't see anything but the thought of her bare ass and pussy so close to me was making my cock the hardest I think it had ever been.
"Nearly there." she gasped, wriggling a bit more.
I could feel the heat from her pussy on the back of my neck as I gripped onto her thighs. This was torture.
"Ok. That's it." she said, putting her hands down on my shoulders. As she did that her nightie came down over my head.
"Sorry." I gasped, "I can't see."
"Sorry" she laughed, lifting her nightie up so I could see. "Sit down now."
I sat down slowly, being careful not to fall but I missed the edge of the top step and ended up slipping.
I slid down one step and Abby fell backwards onto the landing.
I turned round, fearing that she had fell and hurt herself but she was lying on her back laughing her head off. I wasn't sure if she realised but I could see everything. I could see her cute ass, her gorgeous pussy and when she went to get up she spread her legs slightly showing even more before pulling her nightie down.
"Well that's one way to change a battery." she laughed, "Are you ok."
"I'm fine." I replied, "Are you?"
"Yes I'm fine, just a bit embarrassed." she blushed.
"Nothing to be embarrassed about." I replied.
"Really?" she smiled, "So deciding to change a battery in a smoke detector without any knickers on is a good idea? I'm sure you got an eyeful..."
"I can't say that I didn't but what an eyeful." I replied with a smile.
I stood up getting ready to go and Abby looked down at my crotch.
"Shit. Was that me?" she asked, looking at my forgotten hard on.
"Sorry," I replied, covering it unsuccessfully with my hands.
"Don't be sorry," gasped Abby, "That looks very impressive. Your wife must be mad in the head."
I blushed not knowing what to say. I've never had any complaints about my cock. I've been told it's a pretty decent size but I wouldn't say I was porn start material...
"I suppose I better be going before she wonders where I am." I replied.
"Do you not want a beer before you go?" she asked.
"I better not." I replied, "It's getting late. Thanks though."
Abby let me out the front door but not before giving me a quick peck on the cheek and thanking me for coming round.
When I got home my wife gave me a grilling about the lipstick mark I had on my face and I ended up sleeping in the spare room yet again.
The next couple of weeks went by without hearing from Abby. To be honest I was a bit disappointed.
My disappointment was short lived though as I got a text from her early one Saturday morning.
"Sorry to bother you so early but I have a leak under my kitchen sink. Any chance you can come round quickly?"
I was already up and had on a loose pair of tracksuit bottoms and a t-shirt. I put on a pair of socks and trainers and grabbed my tool bag before heading round. I didn't even say goodbye to my wife as we weren't on speaking terms at the minute.
Abby answered the door wearing a short silk dressing gown.
"It's in here." she said, quickly pulling me through to the kitchen.
I was expecting the kitchen to be flooded but it wasn't that bad. She had emptied out all the stuff from under her sink and had a bowl catching drips of water.
I took a quick look and it looked like it needed a new washer which should be pretty simple to change. Plumbing isn't one of my specialities but I can muddle through with basic things.
I got my wrench from my tool bag and lay on my back in front of the sink so I could see what I was doing.
"What do you think it is?" asked Abby, coming over and looking down at me. As she did her dressing gown fell open, exposing her thighs and pussy to me.
Now I knew the last time she went commando wasn't an accident. I was beginning to wonder did she just like teasing me or was she some sort of exhibitionist.
"It looks like it's just a washer." I replied, trying to not get an erection in front of her again.
I turned off the water at the mains and disconnected the tap before putting on a new washer and putting it back together again. I then turned the water back on again at the mains.
"Ok, hopefully that should be it." I said getting up from the floor to stretch my legs.
Abby reached past me and turned on the tap to make sure it was working, brushing up against me as she did.
My cock stirred once again and it was only then that I realised that I hadn't bothered putting on any boxers that morning before I left. I had got up out of bed (in the spare room of course) and pulled on my tracksuit bottoms, not wanting to have to go into our master bedroom to get boxers with the thought of having to speak to my wife.
Just then water sprayed everywhere.
"Fuck." cried Abby getting soaked by cold water.
I turned the tap off and looked down at my own clothes. I was soaked, especially around my crotch.
I looked over at Abby and her dressing gown had gone see through with the water. I could see her pointed nipples and the wet outline of her huge boobs. I could also make out the tiny landing strip of her pussy with the silk material clinging to her body like a second skin.
"Sorry." I spluttered, "I don't know what happened there."
Abby just looked at me before bending over with laughter.
I couldn't help but join in.
"I didn't tell you plumbing wasn't my strong suit." I laughed.
"If you wanted to get me out of my clothes you just had to ask you know." she smiled.
"Tempting as that is I need to see if I can fix this." I replied with a raised eyebrow.
I lay back down on the now soaked floor to see what had went wrong. It wasn't hard to figure out as the washer easily turned in my hand. I just hadn't tightened it fully. I made sure it was tight this time before trying the tap once again. This time with no spraying water.
"Sorry about that again." I said, "That's it fixed now."
"These things happen." replied Abby, her dressing gown still clinging to her gorgeous figure. "You can't really go home looking like that. Take those off and I'll get you a towel and put your clothes in the drier for you."
I paused for a minute not knowing what to do.
"Come on, take them off, you'll catch pneumonia."
"I can't." I replied, blushing slightly "I'm not wearing any boxers."
"Oh really?" laughed Abby, "after you making me feel bad about going commando a couple of weeks ago."
"I was in a rush this morning." I smiled back.
"Well, you're going to catch your death." she replied, "Anyway, you've seen mine so it's time I saw yours."
It had been months if not years since I had sex and my cock was more than interested in showing itself to a beautiful woman.
The decision was made for me though as Abby came over to me and put her hands on either side of my track suit bottoms before pulling them down. My cock nearly slapping her in the face as she did.
"Wow, that looks huge." she smiled, taking hold of it in her hand. "Do you mind?"
"Not at all." I replied, relishing the feel of a woman's hand on my hard cock instead of my own.
She slowly moved her hand up and down it, looking up at me as she did, before bending her head down slightly and taking the tip of it in her mouth. I thought I was going to cum there and then.
I pushed my cock forward, holding the back of her head gently. She didn't object and before long my cock was all the way down her throat. Obviously not her first time deep throating a cock...
After a minute or two of giving me the blow job of my life she let my cock drop from her mouth and stood up, peeling the wet dressing gown from her body.
She was stunning.... If you could imagine the perfect body for a woman she had it. Her large boobs and tiny waist and the cutest ass I think I've ever seen. All paired with a long pair of smooth tanned legs.
"Do you want to fuck me?" she asked, slowly pulling on my cock.
"Hell yes." I replied. "I don't have a condom though."
"Thats ok, I'm on the pill and I love it when a man cums inside my pussy."
I secretly prayed that I wasn't going to show myself up and cum inside her as soon as I started.
She walked over to the kitchen table her ass swaying hypnotically from side to side before she looked over her shoulder at me and bent down over the table.
She spread her legs slightly and reached her hand underneath. She looked me in the eye as she started rubbing at her pussy.
I slowly tugged on my cock, willing it to get as big as it possibly could, not wanting to disappoint this beauty in front of me in any way.
"Come on then, let me see how well that big cock fits inside me."
I stood behind her and rubbed the tip of my cock up and down her pussy lips before slowing pushing inside her.
"Oh wow," she gasped, "that feels sooo good. Your cock is huge."
Satisfied that she loved my cock I grabbed hold of her ass with both hands and slowly started to fuck her.
She was holding on to the other side of the table with both hands as I picked up my pace. My balls were slapping against her as I fucked her hard and fast.
"Oh fuuck..." she gasped after a few minutes, "keep going, I'm going to cum."
I let go of her ass with one hand and grabbed hold of her long blond hair, pulling it back towards me.
"Oh my god." she gasped as her pussy clamped on to my cock as she orgasmed.
I let her catch her breath for a minute and slowly kept easing my cock in and out of her soaked pussy.
When she recovered, she stood up, letting my cock fall from her pussy before getting to her knees and taking it back in her mouth.
I think it's so hot when a woman sucks a cock after it's been inside her.
She had one hand on my cock and one on my balls. I wasn't sure how much longer I was going to last. "If you keep doing that I'll cum."
She gave it one last suck before letting go. "We can't have that now can we. I want to fuck you again."
She took hold of my hand and led me through to the living room which was at the front of the house before pushing me down on the sofa.
I looked over towards the front window which didn't have any blinds and the curtains were open.
"What about the neighbours?" I asked, worried that someone would see us.
"Remember I told you that men couldn't handle me?" she asked. "Well I'm a bit of an exhibitionist. I love men looking at me and it's a huge turn on thinking I might get caught when I'm fucking someone."
That explained a lot. I was a bit worried about someone I knew seeing us but I wasn't going to pass up on a chance to fuck her again.
"You ok here?" she asked.
I took hold of her ass cheeks as she stood in front of me and pulled her towards me, giving her my answer.
She knelt on the sofa, one leg either side of me and took my cock in her hand, rubbing it up and down her pussy before lowering herself onto it.
She held onto the back of the sofa as she rode my cock, letting her huge, perfect boobs swing just in front of my face. I grabbed them with both hands alternating between each one, kissing and sucking on her nipples.
Just as were getting into it I noticed a movement out the side of my eye.
I looked over at the window which was behind Abby and there was a young postman standing watching. He had his mouth open watching as Abby's cute ass bounced up and down on my cock.
"We have an audience." I whispered.
"Thats ok." she gasped, grinding her pussy on me even harder. "Who is it?"
"It's the postman." I replied, breathlessly.
Abby stopped moving and stood up letting my cock fall from her pussy. She turned round so she could see who it was before taking hold of my cock again and lowering herself back down on to it.
Now the postie could see her wet pussy as my cock slid in and out, her huge boobs bouncing freely as well.
She looked the postie in the eye and moved her hand down to her pussy, rubbing at her lips and my cock as it appeared. She played with her boobs with her other hand and I could tell from her heavy breathing she was going to cum soon.
I didn't think I was going to last any longer either. "Abby" I gasped, "I'm think I'm going to cum soon."
"Me too" she gasped, reaching down to play with my balls.
"Fuck." I cried, "keep doing that and I'll cum inside you. Is that where you want it?"
"Yes" she gasped, squeezing my balls with her hand and squeezing my cock with her pussy.
That was it, I couldn't take any more and my cock started shooting spurt after spurt inside her.
"Yes," she gasped, "cum inside me... That's it. Oh my god I'm cumming. Keep going."
My cock continued flooding her insides with cum before she lifted herself off and took my cock in her hand, wanking it hard so the last few spurts coated the outside of her pussy. Giving the postie a very good show...
She looked at the postie before slipping two fingers inside her pussy and scooping up some cum.
She lifted them to her mouth and sucked them one at a time before smiling at him.
The postie didn't move, afraid of missing out on anything, committing what he was seeing to memory so he could go home and wank over it later.
Abby stood up, maintaining eye contact with the postie before turning round and bending over at the waist and taking my shrinking cock in her mouth.
I could see my cum dripping from her pussy and I'm sure the postie had a great view. I'm just surprised he hadn't his phone out taking pics...
After a couple of minutes Abby stopped sucking my cock and turned round to the postie to wave at him, letting him know the show was over.
"Well I certainly enjoyed that." she smiled down at me. "Your cock feels amazing. How long does it take you to get hard again?"
"With you looking like that not long." I replied.
"Let me throw your clothes in the drier and lets take this upstairs."
She put my damp clothes in the drier before taking my hand and leading me up to her bedroom.
She pushed me down on the bed and got on her knees before me, taking my cock in her mouth once again.
I laid back, enjoying her sucking on my cock once again. It was already hard and I looked forward to fucking her again.
After a couple of minutes she crawled up on the bed beside me.
"Your turn." she said before swinging her leg over me and pushing her pussy towards my mouth.
The thought that I had cum inside her only minutes before made me stop and think for a second but the idea of licking this beauties pussy before fucking her again meant I grabbed hold of her ass cheeks, pulling her in tight so I could go to work with my tongue.
The taste of my cum combined with her own pussy juices had a slightly sweet but salty taste. I didn't mind it. I had tasted my own cum before out of curiosity but I would much rather eat it from a pussy than lick it off my own fingers.
I pulled her in closer, burying my tongue as deep as I could, lapping up all the combined juices.
"Fuck" she gasped, "that feels so good. Keep going."
I continued what I was doing for the next couple of minutes before Abby called out that she was cumming. I held on to her tight as she shook from her orgasm before letting her go and catching my breath.
"Wow." she gasped, climbing off me before giving me a long kiss on the lips.
She smiled at me before throwing her leg over me, this time with her back towards me.
She sucked my cock for a few seconds before moving forward so she could rub her pussy up and down the length of it. She then lifted herself up before reaching behind her and taking my cock in her hand. She lined it up perfectly with her pussy and slowly lowered herself down on to it.
She leaned forward and looked over her shoulder at me, smiling as she started to very slowly ride my cock.
I have to say I'm an ass man. Nothing I love more than a really cute butt. Especially when its bouncing on my cock. I was in heaven, memorised as my cock disappeared and reappeared again, gripped by Abby's tight wet pussy.
I do love a good slow fuck, especially when we already had a hard and fast session downstairs.
After a few minutes of us each enjoying the sensations I slapped her ass, causing her to cry out. She looked me in the eye and smiled before picking up the pace. She bounced her ass furiously up and down on my cock, gripping hold of my ankles for support.
"Slap me again." she gasped.
I did as she asked, this time on the other cheek.
"That's it." she cried, "keep going. I'm going to cum again soon."
I slapped her ass a few more times before gripping it tightly and forcing it down on my cock, bouncing it harder and deeper.
Abby then sat up straight, grinding herself on me now before she slowed down, gripping my cock tight and holding her breath, obviously cumming once again.
"Ok," she smiled as she lifted herself off me, "it's your turn now. Where do you want me?"
I told her to lie on her back and spread her legs, before I lined my cock up with her once again and slid easily inside her. I grabbed her legs, pulling them towards me and taking hold of her thighs, lifting her legs up onto my shoulders.
I could now fuck her hard, my balls slapping against her ass as I did.
Abby gripped the sheets on the bed as I pounded her pussy once again, her gorgeous boobs bouncing in front of my eyes.
I knew I wasn't going to last long and asked her where she wanted it.
"Anywhere.... you.... want." she gasped, as I continued pounding her.
I lifted myself up slightly, bending her legs back towards her shoulders so I could fuck her from above.
A minute or two like that was all it took and as my cock started to spurt inside her I pulled it out, aiming it towards her face. Her legs dropped behind me and I moved forward wanking furiously as spurt after spurt coated her beautiful face. She stuck her tongue out as she watched me cumming over her, trying to catch some drops of my cum to taste.
She took hold of my cock as it finished cumming and took it in her mouth, running her tongue around it, licking off my cum before running her tongue up and down each side.
She stuck her tongue out at me, showing me how much was in her mouth before she swallowed the lot. Her face was covered though and she looked beautiful. Beautiful and freshly fucked. I don't know what I had done to deserve this but I wasn't going to complain.
I kissed her on the lips, tasting my cum before collapsing beside her.
"That was incredible." I smiled over at her.
She smiled back at me "It can be a regular thing if you want? As long as you don't mind me fucking other guys in between."
"I can't really complain about that when I'm the one that's married." I replied, slightly disappointed that someone else was going to be doing what I just did.
"Who knows," she smiled, "maybe I'll let you join in sometimes."
Abby nipped downstairs to get my clothes from the drier and I got myself dressed. She pulled on a different dressing gown and showed me to the door with a promise to be in touch.
The next few weeks were incredible. We fucked every chance we got, usually two or three times a week.
One night she messaged me to come round and keep an open mind.
When I arrived the curtains in the front room were pulled back and I could see the top of her head moving up and down. I moved closer and I could see she was riding a guy who was lying on the floor. He had his hands on her ass and his mouth was sucking on her nipples which were swinging in front of her face.
The guy looked to be in his early twenties and I wasn't sure who he was but she told me to keep an open mind.
As I was wondering if she wanted me to watch her she looked up and saw me standing there.
She nodded towards the front door and I went and tried the handle, it was unlocked.
I let myself in and stood in the hall and listened to the sounds of them fucking.
I took a deep breath and walked into the living room.
"Don't just stand there." gasped Abby, "get undressed and get over here."
The guy she was fucking must have been briefed that I would be joining them as he didn't seem at all shocked.
I stripped off and walked over to them presenting my cock to Abby to suck.
She gladly accepted it and made short work of getting it all the way down her throat.
I felt a bit self conscious standing over another guy while I had a hard on but Abby was making me forgot about that.
After a couple of minutes she let my cock drop from her mouth. "There's some lube on the table over there. Go and get it so you can fuck my ass."
Shocked as I was I couldn't wait to bury my cock inside her ass and eagerly went and lubed my cock up before rubbing some over her asshole.
The guy below her stopped moving and held her ass cheeks apart for me as I lined my cock up.
Abby leaned further forward her boobs now resting on the other guys chest.
"Go slow." she gasped, "It's been a while since I've had two cocks inside me."
I was learning more and more about my new tenant every time we met.
After a minute or two my balls were resting on the guys balls below me. It felt a bit strange being so intimate with another guy but once Abby started pushing back on the two cocks inside her I forgot all about the other guy. I gripped her ass with both hands and we built up a good rhythm.
This was my first DP and I was enjoying every second.
We fucked like this for the next few minutes before the young guy announced that he was going to cum soon, asking Abby where she wanted it.
"Just cum inside me." she gasped, "I want you both to fill my holes with your cum."
As the guy below me started to fill Abby's pussy with his cum she cried out that she was cumming too. I couldn't hold on any more either and gripped her ass tightly as I sped up before coating the inside of her ass with my own load.
Abby collapsed on the chest of the guy below catching her breath for a minute before moving forward and letting the cocks drop from her freshly fucked holes.
"Thanks for that." she smiled, kissing us both on the lips. The young guy whose name I never knew got himself dressed and Abby showed him to the door.
"Did you enjoy that?" she asked, coming back into the living room.
"Could you not tell?" I smiled.
"I thought you might," she replied, giving me another kiss on the lips, "You just never know with some people. Have you got another load in you?"
"I'm sure I can manage to get it up again with you looking like that." I replied.
Abby went and got a warm wet cloth and cleaned my cock before taking it in her mouth to get me hard again.
She then led me over to the sofa and sat down, her ass on the edge and spread her legs.
"Do you mind the extra lubrication?" she asked, rubbing her fingers up and down her cum covered slit.
"Not at all." I replied, kneeling in front of her and lining my cock up with her pussy.
It easily sunk inside her, another mans cum coating it as it disappeared.
I lifted her legs up onto my shoulders and spent the next few minutes furiously fucking her as hard as I could before we both came at the same time, leaving another deposit of cum inside her.
We fucked several times over the next couple of weeks, just the two of us, before I got another text telling me to come round. It said to let myself in and come upstairs and keep an open mind.
Thinking it was another guy again I went round and went up to her bedroom.
When I opened the door Abby was lying on the bed, completely naked, her legs spread wide and a woman I didn't know was licking her pussy.
Her cute ass was sticking up in the air as she feasted on Abby's pussy.
Abby looked over to me, her hands on the back of the unknown womans head, holding her tight to her pussy, obviously enjoying herself. "This is Julie," she gasped, "She hasn't been fucked in a while. Would you like to help her out?"
I wasted no time in stripping off, struggling to believe my luck.
"What about a condom?" I asked, slowly wanking my cock, watching the scene in front of me.
"Don't worry about it." replied Julie, her voice muffled, "Do whatever you want with me."
I wasn't going to refuse an offer like that and knelt behind her, grabbing hold of her cute ass before running my tongue up her welcoming slit.
She tasted different to Abby and I slid a finger in making sure she was going to be nice and turned on before I fucked her.
After a minute or two she stopped her assault on Abby's pussy and turned round to look at me. "Just fuck me." she gasped, "Abby says you have a huge cock and I need it inside me."
I didn't need asking twice and lined my cock up with this new pussy before slowly easing it inside.
"Oh my god." she gasped, "That feels soo soo good. I haven't been fucked in weeks. Don't hold back."
As Julie went back to eating out Abby I grabbed hold of her ass with both hands and fucked her for all I was worth.
After several minutes I could tell she was going to cum. I didn't want to unload in her just yet and pulled my cock out before slamming it straight back in as deep as it would go.
That pushed her over the edge and I could feel her pussy clamp down on my cock, her moans of ecstasy lost in Abby's pussy.
I let her catch her breath before I slowly started fucking her again.
That wasn't what Julie had in mind though. She pulled herself forward letting my cock drop from her pussy before turning round and taking it in her mouth.
After a minute she told me to lie on the bed, before swinging her leg over me and taking hold of my hard slick cock and lowering her pussy down on to it.
I could now get a really good look at who I had just been fucking. She looked to be around the same age as Abby. She had an amazing figure, tear drop shaped boobs, not as big as Abby but a great size, shoulder length brunette hair and a wicked smile. Her ass was cute and her pussy was completely bare.
As she started to ride me, she lent forward letting her boobs swing in front of my face. I took hold of them in my hands and started sucking on her nipples as she fucked me.
She rode me like this for a few minutes before leaning back and grinding her pussy on my cock.
"You can't keep him all to yourself you know." said Abby who had been fingering herself for the past few minutes as she watched.
"Come and sit on my face." I suggested, looking over at her.
Abby smiled before getting up and swinging her leg over me. She slid up the bed a bit so her pussy was now firmly over my mouth. I gripped her cute ass with both hands and pulled her in tight, burying my tongue inside her moist slit.
I was in heaven. One gorgeous woman riding my cock would be more than enough but having another pussy to eat at the same time was amazing.
We stayed like that for several minutes before Abby clamped her thighs tight around my head and moaned out loud as she came.
Once she caught her breath she got up off me leaving Julie still riding my cock. I pulled her down towards me and started pumping my cock faster inside her. I needed to cum soon and I wanted to cum inside her.
Just then Abby moved down the bed and took hold of my balls as Julie's ass bounced up and down on me.
I love a woman playing with my balls when I'm fucking and it's a sure-fire thing to make me cum.
I pounded Julies pussy harder telling her I was going to cum soon. She bounced her ass up and down on my cock but she went just too far and my cock slipped out.
I wanted desperately to bury it back inside her again but Abby took a hold of it and gave it a long slow suck before rubbing it over's Julie's pussy and pushing her ass back down on it.
I picked up the pace once more ready to unload inside her.
Julies moans were getting louder and louder as we fucked and I could tell she was about to cum.
Just then I felt Abby squeeze my balls tight which was all it took. I pumped spurt after spurt of my cum inside Julie, who moaned that she was cumming too. "oh my god... fuck... that... feels... sooo... good..."
As the last drops of cum left my cock Julie slumped down on my chest, exhausted.
I gave her a minute to catch her breath before she lifted herself up on her elbows and gave me a long slow kiss on the lips which made my cock twitch inside her.
"Thanks for that." she smiled, moving herself forward off my cock before lying beside me.
Abby then took my cock in her mouth, licking and sucking the remains of my cum from it.
"Can you get hard enough again to fuck me?" she asked.
"Keep doing what you're doing and I will." I smiled back at her.
She sucked my cock for another couple of minutes before letting it fall from her mouth, almost hard again.
"Maybe this will help." she said, as she moved over towards Julie.
She spread her legs and leant down to start eating my cum from her pussy.
That definitely helped.
I knelt behind her and grabbed hold of her ass before burying my cock inside her, as far as it would go.
I pounded her for all I was worth, her moans muffled in Julies pussy.
It only took a few minutes before I came again, unloading inside Abby this time.
I collapsed on the bed beside these two beauties, wondering what I had done to deserve this...
After a few minutes we got ourselves cleaned up and dressed and I headed back home.
I'm pretty sure my wife had a fair idea what was going on but I didn't really give a damn and I don't think she cared either.
My time with Abby lasted a few months. She eventually found someone she wanted to make a go of it with. She gave me notice on the house so they could get a new place together. The day she was leaving I went round to check on everything and she gave me one last blowjob to remember her by, swallowing all my cum as I came in her mouth.
It was now time to list the house again... I wonder who will rent it next time round?