Let me start with a bit of background....
Every year for the last 10 years, some of our friends who live in a remote rural area have a big party on the July long weekend. The party lasts the entire weekend and more, with about 40 people camping or staying in trailers on the property. The male host, Peter, had sex with Erin a few times while he was separated and he remains one of her all-time favorites. Peter has a devilish grin, amazingly toned physique, and is a dominant yet giving lover.
We attended on the Saturday afternoon, surprised to see so many people this time around, but with it being the first event post-covid, we shouldn't have been surprised. People were eager to get out and start living again. The parking area was out of sight of where the partying was happening so when we parked and started towards the event and I realized I had forgotten something in the truck, I headed back which gave the impression that we'd arrived separately, at least to those who were there who didn't know us.
Erin went about saying hi to everyone she knew and was off doing her thing when I got to the party area and started greeting people. Quickly, the booze was flowing as was the weed and most folks were feeling no pain, Erin included. There was a massive bonfire raging with lots of people gathered around it.
I soon found my drink empty and went to get some ice from the house. When I climbed the stairs to the house and got to the porch, I noticed Erin chatting with a fellow who looked vaguely familiar. I went inside for ice and that's when Peter mentioned that Trent was outside.
The name jogged my memory. Trent was an old friend of Peter's, and one that Erin always found attractive. "His eyes are fucking amazing" she'd often say. I looked out the window to see Erin standing close to Trent and touching his arm as she spoke, an obvious sign of flirtation but it didn't bother me at all, in fact, was pleased because lately our ventures into "the lifestyle" had stopped. In fact, we'd had many long discussions and disagreements about our continuation to have sex with others as Erin no longer wanted to be a part of it. I found it refreshing to see Erin flirting.
I finished getting ice and filling my drink, then walked out the door, making eye contact and smiling at Erin on my way by she and Trent. I rejoined the party where most folks were now congregating around the fire. I saw Erin briefly a few times over the next couple of hours, chatting with one person or another but I wasn't keeping tabs on her. The one time she stopped by me she was obviously feeling no pain, "Trent's here!" She was so drunk that she had already forgotten that I'd seen her chatting with him which I found amusing.
As it got later most of the couples with kids had excused themselves and gone to tuck in the kids and themselves, leaving less and less of us around the fire. I now started to notice that quite a few folks I expected to be around the fire or nearby were nowhere to be seen. I thought it odd but as I wasn't really paying much attention, I figured maybe people had gone to bed or where just elsewhere but I did find it odd that Erin wasn't around still.
I noticed a couple of teens walking towards the fire from the house area, talking enthusiastically to one another but far louder than they likely meant to be although I couldn't quite make out the words. As they got closer, they got quieter, trying to keep their conversation from the rest of us. The boys were giggling as they drank their beer when they sat behind me, likely to be out of earshot, and I started to hear some of the conversation.
Boy 1: "Right? She's crazy!"
Boy 2: "I want to go back and watch."
Boy 1: "They don't want us there."
Boy 2: "I know. Not fair. She's so hot."
Boy 1: "Totally. What a slut."
Now they had my attention. I moved my chair back and greeted them, then asked what they were talking about.
Boy 1: "There's this lady up at the house with..." he was quickly interrupted by the other boy.
Boy 2: "Shut up! You'll get someone in trouble."
The first boy sat in contemplation, his mouth moving with his lips closed. It was obvious he was bursting to tell me what he knew. I looked at them both and assured them that I wouldn't tell anyone what they told me. My assurance was all they needed in their intoxicated state for them to spill their secret.
Boy 1: "She's having sex with a bunch of guys!"
Boy 2: "It's wild! Like a porno. She's doing anything they want!"
I replied, "Oh yeah? You know her?"
Boy 2: "No, but she's really hot. A total MILF. We watched for a while before the adults told us to leave."
Boy 1: "I wish we could have had a turn."
Boy 2: "Me too."
I asked, "What does she look like??
Boy 1: "She's skinny with nice boobs and long grey hair."
I suddenly thought I knew why I hadn't seen Erin in a while. "Does she have any tattoos?" I asked.
Boy 1: "Ya! One arm is done, and I think she has something on her back but it was hard to tell from where I was."
Boy 2: "She definitely has one on her back. I could see it."
They'd confirmed my suspicions but I had to see for myself. I smiled at the boys, "I'm going to have to check this out for myself, but you probably shouldn't let anyone else know." I smiled at them and got to my feet, then walked briskly toward the house, looking back to see if anyone was following but other than the boys watching me, no one seemed to take note.
As I was climbing the stairs, a man I didn't recognize came out of the house. He was doing up his zipper and smiled at me when he saw me. As we passed each other on the stairs, he said "Crazy. Have fun."
My heart was jackhammering in my chest and ears. After all our discussions about not being part of the lifestyle, I was fairly certain that it must be a coincidence that the boys described someone who looked like Erin, but I had to know for myself.
I went through the door and could immediately hear guys talking and some moaning. I followed the sound down the hallway to the master bedroom. The door was open with guys standing in the doorway watching with others right in front of them so I couldn't see at first. I tried to look over some shoulders but could only see the top half of a couple of guys who were obviously having sex with someone. One of the guys in front of me turned slightly and I immediately recognized Trent as one of the ones having sex. He was sweating and looking down. The guy right in front of me glanced over his shoulder at me, then smiled, "This chick is wild!" He gently pushed the guy to his right so that he could move over and let me see. As soon as he shifted, I was able to move into the void he left and see the event that everyone was so eagerly watching.
My suspicions were immediately confirmed. There on the bed was a tangle of bodies. A stocky guy I didn't know was laying on his back with Erin on top of him. In front of Erin was Trent, still looking down and watching as she eagerly sucked his cock and moaned around it as Peter fucked her from behind! I guess we weren't actually done with having sex with others!
I briefly looked around and noticed that a few of the spectators either had their cocks out and were stroking them, or were rubbing themselves through their shorts of pants. I couldn't blame them. The scene before us was scalding hot. Erin has always fucked like a porn star and I often think she should be one as she truly enjoys it.
Peter was hammering Erin from behind and Trent was mostly stationary as Peter bounced her mouth along Trent's cock. Trent was holding Erin's hair in his hands and she was staring up at him. Trent was breathing heavily, still looking down at Erin.
The guy to my right who had moved to let me in leaned over to me and spoke, "Fuck man. He's going to pop!"
I suspected he was correct. Trent was starting to thrust in and out of Erin's mouth faster and faster and he finally moaned out, "Of fuck yes!" His legs started to shake and he looked up toward the ceiling, tightening his grip on Erin's hair and holding his cock inside her lips. Erin's eyes grew large and I could see her struggling to swallow his load as he came in her mouth. Not a drop of Trent's semen escaped Erin's lips.
I heard the guy to my right speak again, leaning towards me as he did, "I think she's swallowed 3 loads already! What a slut." His words were said with admiration rather than disgust.
Trent's shaking subsided and he eased his grip on Erin's hair. She continued to suck, her cheeks sunken inward as Trent leaned back and slid his cock from her mouth. A long slender ribbon of either cum or saliva clung between them and finally broke and fell onto Erin's chest as Trent moved back more. He had a massive smile on his face as he gathered his clothing and started dressing.
Someone to the far left of me moved forward from the spectators. I hadn't seen him before now because my vision was blocked but I immediately recognized him. Dave, Peter's younger but bigger brother stepped forward. He too was completely nude. Trent smiled and continued to dress as Erin immediately turned to fill the void in her mouth with Dave's large cock. Dave smiled over Erin's back at his brother and Peter grinned back at him.
Trent finished dressing, then moved towards the doorway where I was. He didn't see me until the guy in front of me moved out of the way. When he saw me, his eyes grew large. I didn't want to ruin what was happening so I immediately smiled and held a finger to my lips to hush him. Trent smiled, then continued forward. I moved back and to the side to allow him passage. As Trent passed me, he grinned, gave me a big wink, then "thank you!" I laughed internally, knowing the thanks was for allowing what had happened, not for allowing him room to get out of the bedroom.
With Trent now gone I moved back into place and resumed watching the incredible show before me. The guy below Erin had started moving suddenly, struggling to get out from under her. With a big push he slid out from under her and grasped his cock, quickly struggling to remove his condom. He was groaning and I could see the tip was already filling with white fluid. As the condom snapped off the end of his cock a surge of cum erupted from his opening. The sudden movement had forced Peter from behind Erin and Dave from her mouth and the stranger took advantage of this by quickly getting to his knees and pulling Erin's head toward him. The next ribbon of cum shot from him, hitting Erin on the chin as she quickly opened her mouth in time for him to shove his cock into it. His back arched as he held his cock and stroked it furiously, milking the last of his ejaculate into my wife's mouth. He finished, then sat on the mattress, catching his breath.
Peter and Dave wasted no time. Peter got behind Erin and sat, grabbing her by the hips and pulling her back towards him. "Ass or pussy?" he asked.
Erin paused. I could see the confusion on her face. I wasn't sure if she realized Peter was asking her where she wanted to be fucked. Before anyone could say anything else, Dave smiled at Peter and asked, "DV?"
I think Erin missed the comment, likely due to the alcohol or just being lost in the moment. Peter grinned and nodded at his brother. He stretched his legs out in front of him, keeping one hand on Erin's hip and with the other her grabbed his shaft and guided it forward into Erin's eager cunt. As Erin lowered herself onto Peter, she let out a loud moan, one that brought back many flashbacks of when he'd had her before. Erin started to ride Peter but before she got into a rhythm, Dave climbed onto the mattress on his knees in front of her. He grabbed Erin by the hair and ordered, "Get it good and wet."
Always being the good submissive, Erin quickly opened her mouth for him again. Dave thrust in and out for a few seconds before pulling back, then putting one of his big hands on Erin's chest and pushing her back onto her back on top of Peter.
Peter reached around Erin and wrapped his arms around her chest, holding her against him tightly as Dave crawled between their legs.
The spectators were talking now:
- "Fuck, she's going to take them both!"
- "Yeah, double vag" commented another.
- "Holy fuck" whispered another "both in her pussy?" The question was answered with a silent nod.
Dave moved closer, shoving Erin's legs wider as she stretched them out in front straddling Peter's. I briefly saw Peter's cock deep inside Erin's pussy before Dave moved in and blocked my view. Dave's shaft, glistening with Erin's saliva, was in his hand and I could tell he was guiding it forward. His back arched as he pushed forward, then again and again. He was having difficulty getting inside her. One more try and then I heard Erin's voice as she cried "Oh fuck! Go slow!"
Dave's back arched again and he leaned forward, placing his hands on the mattress on either side of Peter and Erin. He started thrusting. The spectators were talking constantly, commenting about the live porn before their eyes.
Dave started taking longer thrusts and Erin's moans were in synch with each time he buried his cock in her. I crouched down a bit and could see under Dave's balls. Sure enough, both men were stretching my wife as wide as she'd ever been.
Another guy from the opposite side of the room moved forward. He was clothed but his cock was out. I recognized him as one of Peter's cousins. He quickly climbed onto the mattress. Dave leaned back to get out of the cousin's way and almost immediately the cousin started to ejaculate on Erin's chest as he jerked his cock furiously. His semen was running down Erin's breasts and stomach. Some dribbled over her side and onto the mattress and Peter. Some stayed where it was deposited, while the rest ran down her front. None of the others seemed to either take notice or care if they did notice. I was sure some of his cum had made it down her frnt and was now being mixed into the collective juices as she was being fucked.
Dave thrust faster and faster. It was obvious that he wasn't going to last much longer when he blurted out "Face or pussy?" Again, lost in the moment, Erin didn't respond. Dave asked again but with more urgency and volume, "Face of pussy?"
Erin clued in. She smiled at him and looked down her front before replying, "Mmmmm. Pussy please."
Dave thrust forward 2 more times before arching his back and groaning, his entire body shaking as he burst inside Erin. When he'd finished, he unceremoniously pulled out and stood up, then reached down and grabbed Erin by the back of the head, lifting her to a kneeling position, still impaled on Peter's cock. "Clean it" he ordered as he pulled Erin's face to his shining cock. She licked him clean before pulling him into her mouth, sucking him and releasing him once he was cleaned to her standards.
When Dave moved from the bed my attention was immediately drawn back between Erin's legs. The semen from the cousin was shining in a trail down her front all the way past her shaved pussy. The cousin's and Dave's cum were dripping from Erin and onto Peter's shaft and balls as he continued to fuck her from below.
Dave sat on the side of the bed and fondled Erin's tits, rubbing cum across them. He then looked over at the spectators. Some others had already pushed past me to leave, likely worried about being questioned by spouses about where they were, or they'd gotten themselves off and were finished. Dave saw me and paused momentarily before grinning widely at me and asking the crowd, "Anyone else?"
"Me" was the response from the guy who'd moved over to let me in. He moved forward and started to undress quickly.
Erin quickly commented, "Wait a second. I need a drink and to catch my breath." She lifted herself off Peter and sat down on the edge of the bed. Dave passed Erin a bottle of beer and she took a big chug of it and wiped her mouth. "Wow, I'm a total mess" she commented, having looked down her front. "I'm getting pretty sore. I don't think I can take anymore" she said tentatively to the guy who'd stepped forward.
He looked disappointed and nodded in understanding, then Erin offered him a solution, likely out of pity. "My jaw hurts too but you can either cum in my mouth or pussy if you're quick."
I'd rarely seen a man move so quickly. In a flash he laid back on the mattress with his cock in the air and replied, "Your choice."
Erin looked at him and smiled, tapping her finger to her lips in contemplation before looking at the crowd. "Well guys? What do you think? Pussy or mouth?" She pointed to the guy at the far right of me and he replied, then pointed at the next and next as each replied in turn, "Mouth, mouth, pussy, mouth,"
Erin now saw me for the first time and paused. Her eyes grew wide, likely realizing the hypocrisy of the situation that she was in considering she'd decided to end our venture into "the lifestyle". I smiled, then gave my response in turn, "facial!"
My reply was echoed by others, "yea, facial!"
She smiled and nodded, looking over at the fellow laying before her. "This might be awkward. Why don't you stand up?"
He moved off the bed and stood at the side facing her and started to stroke his cock. Erin got to her hands and knees before him, opening her mouth and placing the head of his cock into her mouth and sucking. For a moment he moved his hand away and pushed himself in for a few thrusts, lubricating his cock, then resumed jerking it. Erin moved her hair back and out of the way. She started to coax him, "Mmmm, that's hot. You going to shoot that load on my face baby?"
His hand moved faster. Erin reached forward, still propped up on her elbows and grabbed his balls with one hand and started to fondle and squeeze them, eliciting a loud moan from him. His breathing got faster and faster as did his pace. "Open!" he barked and Erin complied, opening her mouth just as the first ribbon of cum shot from his cock, splattering vertically the length of her face before the next erupted hitting her cheek. He quickly shoved his head into Erin's open mouth and continued to shake and groan as he filled her mouth with ejaculate. Erin's cheeks ballooned with his load until she finally started to swallow, gulping down his deposit.
As soon as he finished, Erin collapsed face down on the bed, panting like a dog in heat with her head hanging slightly off the mattress. A few of the watchers hooted and clapped, assuming this was done but Peter was not finished with my wife. He quickly moved, straddling Erin's legs as he crawled upward. He moved his face so that he was hovering above her backside as he opened his mouth and let a large glob of saliva drop from it, landing between Erin's butt cheeks. Now he quickly leaned forward, guiding his cock to Erin's untouched anus. I saw her eyes grow wide as Peter penetrated her ass. They both moaned out loudly together as he quickly slid the entire length of his cock into Erin's asshole.
Peter leaned back so that his torso was upright. He grabbed both of Erin's butt cheeks in his hands, squeezing and spreading them as he thrust hard in and out of her, making a show of it for us all to see. Erin was groaning loudly with each thrust. Peter released Erin's ass cheeks and grabbed her shoulders, pulling her back into each thrust. Erin started to cry out, "Oh fuck, oh fuck, yes, yes!" Her body shook violently with her orgasm but Peter didn't slow at all, thrusting faster and faster. He finally grabbed Erin's hair, gathered it and pulled back, lifting her head. She was now facing me, cum still glazed across her face. Her cheeks were flush red and she opened her eyes to make eye contact with me. I smiled at her as I pulled my hard cock out and started to stroke it. Erin smiled, then licked her lips.
I moved forward and stopped just out of reach, holding my cock head less than an inch from her lips as I stroked myself.
Peter thrust faster and faster, fucking her like a cowboy on a bucking bronco before groaning loudly and arching his back as he shot his semen deep into her bowels. I was moments behind Peter and before Erin knew what was happening, I shoved my cock as deeply as possible into her throat and unloaded. I could feel surge after surge of my huge load shooting directly into her throat as she attempted to swallow it all. When I was satisfied, I pulled out and let Erin gasp for air. Peter slowly pulled out and I could see the white pearl of cum starting to leak from her gaped anus, an indicator of his load.
Peter looked at the rest of the guys gathered. "Well, you can either jerk off on her or just leave, but it's time to wrap this up."
A couple of the guys just turned and left but the 3 others left stepped forward. Then turned Erin onto her back where she laid, exhausted and unmoving. One stood on the floor next to Erin's face and started to stroke. The next climbed up and straddled her torso while the last straddled her legs. The one in the middle drooled onto Erin's chest and then shoved his cock between her perfect breasts before fucking them. He was the first to unload, shooting his load up her neck and against her chin, where it then ran down the sides of her neck and into her hair. The next was the guy at her face who quickly came across her cheek and into her hair. The last took a few minutes longer but he pushed his cock down and pushed the head against her clit while he burst, making a puddle in the triangle formed between the top of her legs and pussy. When he climbed off, she spread her legs slightly and the semen ran down across her pussy lips onto the mattress.
They each dressed and left the room, leaving only Peter, Erin and I. Peter grabbed a shirt and helped Erin clean up. She looked at me with complete guilt, knowing she'd done wrong but not realizing how happy I was to have had this happen.
I'm looking forward to next year!