The following story is 100% true, no embellishment.
*
We like to run away to the Twin Cities as often as we can for little over night stays or for a weekend when we can. This particular getaway a couple years ago we were driving around looking for a new place to sit down and have a drink. I half joking suggested maybe one of the nicer gentlemen's clubs, Anne agreed as long as the atmosphere was nice and she could have a glass or two of wine. She had never been to a strip club prior to this. This trip was in late July.
Anne is just a notch over 5 ft, and at this time about 105lbs. She is fully tanned, tiny, tight and fit with nice, full and fantastically firm 36 D tits with nipples that get erect quickly when prompted and often when not. Her pussy is shaved smooth, and her firm ass has nice little cheeks that normally allow for her little asshole to be visible with no problem whatsoever, her pussy lips are easily right there for viewing as well. She was wearing a lace bra with a cute little tank style top, showing nice cleavage, a very cute short jean skirt with a frayed hem that sat low on her hips and the bottom was maybe 3 inches below her pussy when standing, she was wearing 4" heels which made her legs, hips and ass look even better, if that is possible.
We made our way around downtown and I spotted a higher end club. We bit the bullet, parked around the corner and went in, it was very nice. We found a nice spot to sit, to the right of the stage on the main floor. Lots of people and more coming in all the time, men and women.
After Anne had started her second glass of wine I could tell she was starting to feel good. I asked her to stand up, I promptly reached under her skirt and pulled her panties down and off her, which was super hot, my cock was straining to get out. I offered to buy her a lap dance...calmly she said "No." Over the next 5 or ten minutes I suggested it a couple more times telling her it wasn't a big deal, now the answer was becoming a more stern "No." I thought I'd wait for the second glass of wine to be finished and try the lap dance thing one more time, after all she did like the music and atmosphere.
Out of nowhere this hot little Asian dancer wearing a beautiful purple accented corset, her tits staining to come out over the top, a g-string and 5 inch heels pops onto Anne's lap, straddling her and is gushing over how hot Anne is. Anne is immediately taken with this hot and feisty little number who's size and body are pretty much comparable to Anne's.
Claudia, this exotic minx couldn't keep her hands off Anne, and Anne was loving the attention. I whispered to Claudia that I had slipped Anne's panties off, she didn't believe me, I pulled the tiny pink and white striped g-string partially from my front pocket and Claudia's eyes opened wide and she softly sighed. Claudia stood up, so did Anne, Claudia reached around the back of Anne and lifted the back of her little skirt right up, she leaned over to look and let out a cute little squeal of approval upon seeing Anne was in fact bare under the skirt, she gave Anne's little tanned ass a little slap. The several people sitting right behind us benefited when Claudia lifted Anne's skirt by seeing Anne's bare ass, I am sure many of them saw her little asshole and very likely a nice view of her pussy lips which are maybe close to an inch long ...When Claudia lifted the back of the skirt Anne leaned forward a bit arching her back, pushing her ass out ....so hot! I wish I was behind her at that moment! Her firm little ass and pussy look so hot from the rear.
Well, the three of us started talking, Claudia couldn't keep her hands off my wife, and Anne was eating it up. A second dancer, a good friend of Claudia's came over, so now the two of them are pawing at Anne. They started talking about Anne going on stage with them for Claudia's next set. Anne did not need to go on stage in this place, the place was wild this night. The club was packed, a fair amount of women too.
A minute later Claudia asked if Anne could go back stage with her and help her get ready, I reluctantly said sure. They were having fun with each other. Off they went. Several minutes went by, the crowd is rocking, the music is loud.
The lights turn toward the stage, there they are! Anne is on stage with Claudia! The crowd roars! The DJ announces that Anne is from the audience and that her husband is in the crowd, a spotlight finds me. The crowd cheers! Claudia and Anne start dancing around each other, Claudia starts her routine and quickly strips down wearing only her 5 inch heels, a tiny g-string, a great set of tits and a very nice tan. Anne stands in the middle of the stage, Claudia is dancing around her, Claudia pauses behind Anne, reaches her hands toward the ceiling and Claudia in the blink of an eye pulls Anne's top off over her head, her bra was already off. So, there is my wife on a stage baring her beautiful tits with likely close to 200 people watching her. The crowd went crazy! Anne then wiggled her hips, flaunting her skirt Claudia pushed it down and it dropped to the floor. Anne is now wearing only her heels and a tiny pink and white striped g-string with a little heart shaped cut-out on the tiny front panel that barely contained her pussy lips. WOW! They begin dancing with each other. Wow again!
Anne and Claudia danced 2 or 3 songs. I could not believe what I was seeing. Anne clearly enjoyed being nearly naked on this stage and clearly loved the attention, she was handed money and was requested for a couple private dances. She looked unbelievable. Her perfect set of tits looked great, as did the rest of her. Part of me was thinking she would remove her panties, even though that wasn't allowed, Anne likes to go against the rules. She would have looked great to be totally naked up there but she minded her manners and kept her little panties on.
After "their" set Anne came back to me with the crowd cheering her. I could tell she was really worked up. She had another glass of wine and I thought we better head back to the hotel. Anne was getting hornier by the minute. Once out of the club and on the sidewalk Anne could barely stand up, was pawing at me, begging me to fuck her right there. I made it around the corner with her an approached the car, she was trying to get out of her clothes and was begging me to bend her over the car and screw her, she was moaning through every word, there were people walking on the sidewalk looking her. I am sure there was more than a guy or two that beat off that night thinking about her. I had never seen her like this and we had been together for many years.
I did get Anne into the car and started back to the hotel several blocks away. Anne reclined her seat and was writhing, moaning, and was beside herself trying to contain how horny she was, extremely horny didn't come close.
Anne was begging for me to screw her, her feet were on the dash, she was raising her pelvis up and rubbing her pussy, she had her top pushed up and was squeezing her full & firm tits. While driving I know there were close dozen vehicles that went by on her side of the car that saw the epicenter of horniness, she was howling to be fingered if not fucked. I was using my right hand to try to keep her on the seat so a cop wouldn't see her and pull us over, I was losing that battle. Her pussy glistened in the city lights, Anne was sooo wet. She was constantly raising her pussy and pushing her chest up, they were easily viewed from other vehicles on her side as well as mine.
We made it into the hotel ramp, struggles ensued in the car, walking to the elevator, in the elevator, walking through the lobby and up the elevator to our floor and to our room door. She was pawing me, hanging on me and trying to get into my pants, meanwhile her clothes were barely covering her. It was quite the scene, and quite a process to get her into the room.
Once into our room the clothes came off, Anne was begging harder and louder to be screwed. And screw we did. Anne, stripped and jumped onto the bed, assumed the position on all fours and was moaning SO loudly.... Her pussy was so wet, it was dripping in a way it never had., her lips were parted and the whole package was screaming "Open for Business!" I had never seen her pussy like this, or her like this. Her time as a stripper in a club that was full of spectators obviously agreed with her.
My cock went right into her hot pussy and I do mean hot, it felt like it was 200 degrees. When first sliding into her, she let out a LOUD scream "YES!!" Doing her doggy style, she was constantly screaming "FUCK ME!"... "FUCK ME HARD!".... FUCK MY PUSSY!" and she was literally screaming this. While pumping into her dripping wet pussy I was trying to quiet her down. There was no way, even in this higher end hotel, that walls were insulated enough to hide her screams, no way. She was moaning and screaming loudly for close to 30 minutes. I also fucked her with one of her dildos for about 10 minutes. After several orgasms she finally dropped onto the bed and drifted off to sleep. I was waiting for hotel security to show up...thankfully they didn't. I eventually drifted off to sleep as well.
Hours later, about 9 a.m. I started to wake up, and realized what had happened beginning about 12 hours earlier...I was like "Wow".... I didn't know what to think...I didn't know what Anne would think. A couple minutes later she started to stir. Anne's eyes opened a little and she had a cautious smile. I think she was trying to figure out if last night actually happened. We were both in a bit of a daze thinking about it. While getting ready to leave it was a bit weird thinking about the night..... It was "Wow" on steroids!
The drive home I recounted to her what had happened, I drank very little and I generally remember things pretty well, she was a bit fuzzy on some things. All in all she was happy to have all that as a memory, she enjoyed the night and really enjoyed Claudia. The drive home was a long and filled with smiles that just appeared on our faces. Anne still likes to think of that night when we are having sex.
BTW, that was not Anne's first and last trip to that club. Let us know if you want to read about other trips to the Twin Cities and that club. Everything stated here is and will be true and factual, I will not embellish in any way..... No need to do that. Sometimes fact is wilder than fiction. Also, please let us know what you think after reading this. Thank you! Please let us know if you want more.