I recommend reading earlier chapters. This story takes place at Dremeder University, a place where certain majors can dominate others.
***
It was more chaotic than I thought it would be. Two weeks into the semester was the club fair, a chance for students to see what clubs they wanted to join and for club leaders to recruit members. A plot of grass near the edge of the university was now lined with dozens of booths and crowded with students roaming the grounds.
"I can't wait. I'm so hungry," Rue said, skipping gleefully beside me and Andrea. Apparently, she resolved to skip the last two meals so that she would be extra hungry for the fair. "I'm not going to join any clubs, but last semester there was a ton of free food."
Andrea speed walked to keep up with Rue. "I'm always down for free food," she said. "But aren't you going to be helping Stacy with her booth? How will you have time to sample all the clubs?"
Stacy arrived at the club fair early to set up her own booth and Rue was supposed to be there to set things up. "Ah, well. I don't have to go to her booth right away," she said.
As we stepped onto the field, I shuddered as a few people sent me odd looks. This was normal, since I was naked as always, as sociology majors had to be. Still, the looks I received carried a certain darkness. Other slaves were naked, but they were absent of the same attention.
Rue halted.
"What's wrong?" I asked.
She put a finger on my lips, shushing me, and started sniffing. "This way!" She dashed to the right weaving through mobs of people. Andrea nearly crashed into a few students while chasing her. Then a delicious smell hit my nostrils. Someone was grilling chicken.
We slowed in front of a mid-sized booth. A boy turned chicken. The scent filled the air as the grill's fire licked the meat. I recognized this boy.
"You're a waiter at Tusl's Tongue," I remarked.
"Nice job, detective," he replied flatly. Next to him was a foldable table with a sign on it that read 'Tusl's Tongue Booth.' Okay, maybe I should have been able to infer that he worked at Tusl's, but he had no reason to be so snarky and embarrass me.
Another collared boy set a tray of chicken on the table. "You'll have to forgive my master," he said. "He's stressed because he does not normally cook, but the chef bailed on us, leaving him no choice." The waiter shot a disapproving look, which the slave ignored. "Go ahead and try some." Each piece of chicken had a special sauce on it and a toothpick so we could easily take samples. For free.
Rue already had three pieces stuffed in her mouth. "Delicious!" she said.
"You, uh, were only supposed to have one. But that's okay, I guess. If you like this food, you can get more at Tusl's Tongue!" the boy said. "So, you know, go eat there at some point."
Wow. Such persuasive marketing.It was not like Tusl's Tongue needed much marketing, anyway. Pretty much every student despised the dining halls, so the restaurant was a life saver for many.
Male slaves were rare at Dremeder. Andrea told me that most men went into more dominant STEM fields, like economics. In fact, economics was around seventy percent male while Math was around sixty percent. This was true even though the university was seventy percent female. Hence, submissive men really stood out.
"Knock it off!" The waiter appeared behind the foldable table and slapped Rue's hand away from some chicken. She had already gotten her hands on a few more pieces, however, and backpedaled to safety. Andrea and I refrained from taking chicken ourselves, feeling that Rue had taken enough from these poor men.
"So, where do you want to go next?" Andrea asked Rue.
Rue started sniffing again. "Let's see. I'm picking up a scent... That way!" She pointed as she ran.Is she a werewolf or something?Andrea and I struggled to chase after her.
The next booth was managed by the photography club. This was a massive booth with a whole camera and lighting system. And, of course, they had some free cookies that Rue was diving into. Cookies do not exactly have a strong scent, but apparently Rue's sense of smell defied logic.
"This is impressive," Andrea said, admiring the camera set up. A few girls welcomed us and asked if we would like any photos taken. For free. "I'm liking the pattern I'm seeing here. Let's do it, Leah."
"Yes, Mistress," I said. Andrea pulled me in front of the backdrop, which was just a white sheet.
The girls adjusted us, telling Andrea to put a hand on her hip and make a claw shape while her other hand rested possessively on my shoulder. The girl behind the camera looked at me. "Slave, why are your feet like that?"
"Huh? Like what?" I looked down at my feet, confused.Click!
"Perfect," the camera girl said.
"W-what?" I had a shocked expression.Click!
"Beautiful." They were tricking me, I realized, into submissive poses. "So, would you two like to try some more daring photos?"
I was already naked and submissive next to Andrea's intense and clothed figure, how much more daring could it get? "We'd love to," Andrea said. She jabbed a hand into my slit to arouse me (which was redundant as I was already extremely turned on).
"Great!" the camera girl puffed. "Both of you should turn to the side, facing each other. Slave, get on your knees, hands behind your - yeah, like that, you're a natural. Now, look into each other's eyes. Hmm... No, let me try something."
Camera Girl walked up and whispered something into Andrea's ear. Andrea bit her lip and nodded. The Camera Girl handed a whip to another member of the club, who then walked behind me while remaining out of the frame. "Okay, slave, hold that position. We're going to whip you now."
What?!I trembled and gave Andrea a pleading look. She clasped my face in her hands. And smiled. My lips quivered as I anticipated the pain. It never came.Click!
How did I keep getting fooled? I had to admit, however, that these girls were clever. The picture would make it seem like I was afraid of some imminent punishment. Devoid of context, Andrea's loving smile would seem like a tyrannical sneer.
"Hand us your school email and we'll send these photos to you. If you want us to get them professionally printed, you'll have to pay a small fee."
Andrea raised a brow. "Just the email is fine," she said.
"I... see," Camera Girl said. "By the way, I have to say that your slave is remarkable."
"Yes, she is."
"You must discipline her very well." I was still kneeling on the ground while Andrea and Camera Girl spoke as if I was not there.
"Actually, she has not needed much discipline so far."
I tried to stand up, but Camera Girl kept me on my knees. Andrea did not stop her. "Come now, all slaves need discipline. Otherwise, they'll become too spoiled. Look at my slave, for instance." She gestured towards the other girl, the one who held the whip. "She needs a spanking every morning so she does not forget her place."
Other Girl shifted uncomfortably.
"At any rate," Camera Girl continued. "I think your slave seems desperate to lick someone out. Look at those flushed cheeks." This comment made me blush even more.
"Sheisdesperate," Andrea agreed. "Would you like me to loan her to you?"
"I would love that," Camera Girl said. She moved in front of me, placing her vagina in front of my face. "Get to work, girl."
As I bent forward to taste her Andrea pulled my head back. Camera Girl looked at her in confusion. "I'll need something in return," Andrea explained. "For my slave's services, I'll need those pictures printed."
Camera Girl pondered for a few seconds. "I can't do that. Oh, but her face is so adorable. Hmm..." She glanced at Other Girl then back to Andrea. "Okay I can print the photos for you, but she has to serve me and my slave."
"Deal," Andrea said. I was feeling like a whore. Andrea read my mind and whispered in my ear, "This shouldn't make you feel cheap, but expensive."
Camera Girl cleared her throat above me and I got busy. I licked fast, trying to make her cum quickly so I could visit other booths. I had a lot of practice eating pussy, and Camera Girl seemed particularly weak against my tongue. In just a few minutes she came hard in my face, which was going to be smeared.
Then it was Other Girl's turn. She took much longer to get orgasm. My guess was that she had been trained to resist the urge to cum. But even the strongest women were vulnerable to my skills. Though it took longer, she had a more forceful orgasm than Camera Girl. My face was going to be covered in juices.
"Ah, that's unfortunate," Camera Girl said to her slave. "Because you came, you now cannot orgasm for the next two days."
"What kind of logic is that?" Andrea asked. "You are the one who made Leah service her."
Camera Girl smiled, placing a hand on Other Girl's ass. "You see, she is not allowed to cum. But if she does cum, then she is not allowed to cum for longer. It's a kind of Chaste-22." Camera Girl was one of the many people who had no idea how to use that term properly.
Finally, I was allowed to stand, and Andrea and I left the camera set up.
We reunited with Rue who had nearly finished all the cookies. She smirked when she saw me. "What's with you?" I asked.
Without a word, she handed me a magazine. I paled when I saw the cover. Andrea looked over my shoulder.
In my hand was the school magazine:Knots Monthly. And on the cover of the magazine was my bound body, kneeling, covered in red stripes. Andrea's legs were also on the cover, behind my figure, but her upper body was cropped out. I was the main subject, and I was smiling broadly. This was the photo from our session a few days ago.
"I'm sorry, Leah," Andrea began. "I had to submit the photo for my knots class, but I didn't know that they would put it on the school magazine."
I was still for a moment.
"I'll go to the editor of the magazine and try to get them to stop printing this copy. They must get your permission for this kind of thing. I'll make sure that... Leah, are you alright?"
"Are you kidding, Mistress?" I finally said. "This is amazing!"
"What? Are you sure?"
"Yeah. This means I was the best photo from your knots class and was good enough to be put on the cover of the school's magazine. This means I'm..."
Andrea eyed me.
This is probably why some people were giving me odd looks earlier. They had recognized me from the magazine. I shook my head. "Regardless, this is a good thing."
Andrea sighed. "Alright, then."
Rue looked back and forth between me and Andrea. "So does this mean you're like a school celebrity now?"
I pondered that. It really depended on how popular the school magazine was. I had seen copies of it lying around classes, but I had no sense of how widespread it was. Plus, the girl on the magazine looked remarkably different than me due to the bondage and general waywardness. Was I a celebrity now?
"I hope not," Andrea said. "I don't want people getting weird ideas. I can loan her out, and trusted people can use her, but she belongs to me only." I blushed as Andrea put an arm around me.
***
We tagged along with Rue as she raided several other booths. Andrea joined multiple math clubs on the way, or at least got on their emailing lists. I found no clubs that I really wanted to bother myself with.
"I'm stuffed," Rue said. She licked her lips and looked right at me. "Then again, there is always room for dessert."
"What the heck is that supposed to mean?" I asked.
She stepped closer to me, a move that took some guts seeing that Andrea was standing only a few feet away admiring some art club mini murals.
She put her hands on my chest, not caring about the other students watching. "I don't want to help Stacy just yet, so I need to keep eating. But my stomach is full, so I'll have to eat something else." She moved a hand downward. I felt hot.
"Enjoying the show?" Rue said suddenly, still touching me. I pulled away from her, blushing. Unlike me, Rue at least had some skimpy clothes on, so I felt more humiliated than her.
"No need to stop on my account," a bubbly voice said.
I looked behind me at our admirer. "Oh, perfect," I muttered.
Mori beamed at me. "Leah!" she said. "Is this your friend? I'm surprised!"
Was she trying to be mean? Or was she genuinely surprised that I had a friend? Or was she just surprised at the audaciousness of said friend, who moments ago was groping me in public? One never could tell what went on in Mori's head.
"What are you doing here, Mori?" I asked.
"Well, I was not going to come to the fair at first, but I heard that there was free food. Problem is that every booth that I visit seems to have run out of snacks already."
"That's terrible!" Rue chimed. "Some people just eat way too much."
I glared at her. Then sighed. "Rue, this is Mori. Mori, Rue. Rue is a psychology major."
The two of them shook hands. "There might be some dessert left," Rue said.
"I sure hope so," Mori grumbled. "I could use something sweet."
Did Mori understand that Rue was hitting on her? Was she flirting back? One never could tell with her.
"Oh my. Leah, look over there!" She pointed in the distance to a scrawny figure with drooped shoulders. Ho.
"Crap." I hid behind a confused Rue. "Mori, what are you doing? Don't let him see you!"
But Mori was not next to me. I looked over Rue's shoulder in horror as Mori called Ho over. He was holding a copy ofKnots Monthly, because of course he was. He approached us, smirking.
"Hi, I'm Rue."
"Ho."
"Um... why are you calling me that?"
I stifled a laugh.
"Ho is his name," Mori explained. Rue took a moment to digest that piece of information.
"What are you smiling at?" Ho said to me. "At least my bound body isn't all over the school."
"Shut up, you brute," I replied. I was sure that he was going to send me to be punished, making me miss out on the fair.
"You scum."
"Calm down, you two," Mori said. She turned to Rue. "Don't worry. Squabbles between these two are bound to happen."
Ho and I were both hit with a wave of nausea, knowing what was coming.
"Boundto happen. Get it. Because Leah was bound inKnots Monthly, so I used the commonly used phrase 'bound to happen' in relation to their fights as a reference to the magazine." Mori cackled.
Rue started laughing. She was about to speak but then bent over and laughed until I started worrying about her oxygen levels. "Boundto happen! That's so funny. I'm glad you explained it otherwise I would not have understood."
"No way," Ho and I said in unison. We could not believe someone was crazy enough to like Mori's jokes. Then again, if there had to be someone that insane, it would have to be Rue.
"This is the greatest day of my life," Mori said. A single tear of joy formed on her cheek. "Don't worry, Rue. There is plenty more where that came from. There is no upper bound to the number of my jokes. Get it. Upperbound. I used the word bound again, since that's in direct reference to Leah's image that's all over the school for everyone to see and judge and embarrass her with."
I wanted to pull my hair out. "Argh, look at what you've done, Rue! You've encouraged her. And nowwehave to live with the consequences."
"I hate agreeing with Leah," Ho said. "So I won't. Rue, keep encouraging her. I like it."Betrayal! Ho hates her jokes as much as me.That was the one thing we had in common, and now it was gone just because Ho wanted to disagree with me.
Andrea teleported in front us. "MAAATH joke!" she yelled. "I heard 'upper bound' and I'm a fan already. What's your name?"
As Mori and Andrea introduced themselves, I started mumbling. "So, I'm the only one defending our freedom, I guess. Freedom from half-baked nonsensical puns."
"You don't like math jokes?" Andrea said, towering over me.
I gulped. "Upon further consideration, Mori's jokes are fantastic." The unrelenting demon of herd mentality had transformed Mori's jokes from awful to awe full.
Andrea nodded. "Good."
"You're Leah's owner?" Ho asked.
Andrea nodded. "And who are you?"
"Ho."
"Whatdid you just call me?"
"His name is Ho," Mori explained. "He's an economics major."
Rue and Andrea both changed their demeaner immediately. "Oh," Andrea said. Math majors and economics majors were effectively at war since both of their department heads were frontrunners in the upcoming election for the position of dean. Suddenly, the air was thin.
I was glad that Andrea was here. Ho could not punish me anymore since Andrea could overrule his commands, being my owner.
Ho carried an indifferent face, likely used to judgement. Economics majors were hated by a lot of other majors, especially the less dominant ones, so he was accustomed to glares and scowls.
"And would you say that you have a favorable opinion of Dr. Stab?" Andrea asked, testing the waters.
"He makes changes that people don't want to admit we need," Ho said calmly.
"Like removing croissants from dining halls? That was anurgentchange thathadto be made?"
So that's why she stopped getting croissants for me.I had not been to the dining halls since Andrea and I started our exploit of getting two meals in one box, so I had no idea.
"Croissants are an unnecessary cost."
"And with more funds available he plans to improve the food options for less dominant majors?" Rue said. She had some spark to her words that I had never seen before. "So I won't have to rely on club fair booths for some actual meals?"
Ho sidestepped the question. "Hmph. Someone with your figure doesn't need to consume much food anyway. Not with that chopping board of a chest."
Rue's jaw dropped. Andrea interjected. "Right. And your scrawny ass on the other hand needs a lot of food, doesn't it?"
"Well, my brain uses a lot of resources since I'm learning something that will actually benefit society. What do you learn as a math major that's useful? It's all so abstract. Take limits, for example."
"You better respect limits," Rue said. "And what are you going to do with economics that benefits the world? Work for some bank that legally steals from people?"
"Banks are one of the most important institutions for a society's prosperity. I don't expect you to understand, but economics helps far more people than math ever will."
It was officially a thunderstorm. I was too scared to say anything. Sure, I always bickered with Ho, but it was a casual bickering that I enjoyed. This was something else. At the same time, I could not possibly take his side against Andrea and Rue.
"U-um," Mori said meekly. Everyone turned towards her. She jumped backward. "W-well I was just thinking... Well, never mind."
"What is it, Mori?" Andrea said. "Don't tell me you support Dr. Stab."
I had no idea Andrea hated economics majors this much. But then, I hated them, too. I just had not interacted with many of them, besides Ho. Andrea, being in a bunch of math classes, probably had met a decent number of economics majors. And even if she hadn't, she would have been surrounded by other math majors, who would have spread their resentment of economics to her. Such is the nature of political bubbles.
"I was thinking," Mori began again. "Economics and math aren't all that different, are they? I know people in my sorority who study both. There is someone studying mathematical economics. And someone double majoring in math and economics because a lot of classes overlap between the two majors. Rue is studying psychology, right? One leader of my sorority is studying behavioral economics. So, to be honest, I don't really see the point in this argument."
Damn. Mori went twenty seconds without making a dumb joke. A new record for her, I imagined. "Good point, Mori," I said. "By the way, what is your major?"
"Oh, I'm undecided," she said, showing us her blue badge. A blue badge meant she was in the dominant category.
"Undecided is considered dominant?"
"Yeah. Early on, this school forced students to be undecided until junior year. That way, they were encouraged to explore a variety of classes before committing to a major. I guess this school still wants to encourage being undecided, so we are in the dominant category."
Ho snorted. "Yeah, right. Being undecided is for confused people. They should be in Leah's category. That's another thing Dr. Schtaivib wants to change."
Andrea shook her head. "Mori is right, though, that this argument should not be about the relative usefulness of majors. It's about what the department head will do once they are in power. Dean Dixmier is a far better dean than Dr. Stab will be. That is a fact I doubt you will accept, so this conversation is pointless, as Mori said. Let's go, Leah. Rue." She nodded at Mori. "You're welcome to come as well, Mori."
"No, I'm going to head back to my dorm," Mori said. "It seems that there isn't any dessert here. At least not with you guys."
I slowly followed Andrea and Rue, the three of us feeling sour as we hobbled to Stacy's booth. When two friend groups collide, there are several possible outcomes. This was the worst.
***
Rue traipsed, absent of her earlier enthusiasm. "Oh, man. She's gonna kill me!"
"Well, what do you expect?" I said. "Stacy gave you an explicit order to be at her booth and you went around browsing everywhere else and stuffing your face instead."
Rue started biting her nails. "No, you don't understand. This is like, really important to her. I should have been there. But I was just having too much fun, until that Ho guy came at least, and I lost track of time."
"What club is her booth representing, anyway?" Andrea asked.
"It's not a club," Rue explained. "It's a blood drive. She organized a bunch of students and some faculty to get this operation going. And I wasn't there to help."
We approached Stacy's booth. It was the largest one we had seen so far. Stacy sat a welcome desk (a large foldable table) with a stack of paper next to her. Behind the desk was a large tent which I assumed was where the blood donations happened. Stacy waved when she saw us.
She greeted me and Andrea but ignored Rue. "Would you two be interested in donating blood? It should take no more than twenty minutes, which includes filling out paperwork and taking measurements."
"Um," Rue said, trying to get Stacy's attention. Stacy ignored her.
I felt that I had to protect Rue from whatever punishment she was about to receive. "Sure, I'll do it," I said, hoping to calm Stacy down.
"I'll do it, too," Andrea said.
"Great." Stacy handed us some forms and pens. "Fill these out and then head inside."
As we filled out the forms, Stacy finally turned towards Rue, who looked down.This isn't my business, I told myself. I tried to focus on the forms, but I could not stop myself from listening to the conflict next to me. Andrea's expression was blank, but I could tell she was also listening.
Rue was the first to speak. "Mistress. I should have been here sooner to help out."
Stacy crossed her arms.
"I should've been here from the beginning. I don't know what I was thinking - I wasn't thinking. I should have-"
"Quiet." Rue shriveled up as Stacy judged her slave silently. The two of them stayed quiet for a long while, long enough for Andrea to finish her forms and head inside the tent. I was about to finish my forms as well, but some morbid curiosity kept me seated.
"Slave," Stacy said at last, causing Rue to flinch. "Get your punishment box from the dorm."
Rue jerked her head up. "No... Please don't put me-"
"Now! If you take longer than five minutes, I'll increase your punishment accordingly."
That got Rue on the move. She dashed away, fervently dodging mobs of students. It was an impossible task, getting to the dorm and back in five minutes. The club fair took place on the edge of campus, so it would take ten minutes just to get to the dorm, then ten minutes coming back. Rue was in big trouble.
"Leah," Stacy said. She didn't turn to face me, instead glancing at her watch. "Have you finished filling out your forms?"
"Yeah," I said. "I just finished."
"Then head inside."
I awkwardly moved passed Stacy to get around the welcome desk. I noticed her furious, or perhaps pained, expression. I pulled the tent curtains aside.
"Leah," Stacy said again. I dropped the curtains and looked at her. She shook her head. "I don't know. Never mind."
"Okay." I waited an extra moment to see if Stacy would say anything.
"It's just, how are you and Andrea so close?"
I was not expecting that.Does she not think that she is close with Rue?It was one thing that Rue required more discipline than me, but another to suggest that her and Stacy weren't close. "I'm not exactly sure what you mean."
"You've only known her for a few weeks, but you're closer to Andrea than Rue is to me."
"I don't think that's true." I thought back to what Rue said about Stacy when the fire alarm went off. Rue had been surprised when I told her that Andrea and I had not known each other before coming to Dremeder. Perhaps what I thought was amazement was really Rue worrying, just as Stacy was worrying now, that their relationship wasn't very strong.
"We're not as close as we should be," Stacy said woefully. "Rue promised me she'd be here on time to help. I understand that it's not the biggest deal that she didn't show up - our group still managed to get things set up and running smoothly - but she promised."
I didn't know what to say.
"How can it be, that after knowing her for so long, I'm still not at the point where I can trust her? You've barely spent time with Andrea and, well, you should hear the way she talks about you. I just don't get it."
A part of me was happy at this new piece of information. I did not know about Andrea talking about me in any notable way. The other part was guilty.This isn't about me. This is about Stacy.I need to cheer her up."I said this to Rue the other day. I don't think you should think of me and Andrea as only having met recently. Even though I haven't known Andrea that long, it doesn't feel that way."
"Why not?" Stacy asked desperately.
"Well, I don't completely know myself," I said. "But I think it's because she reminds me of someone else."
***
The blood donation went smoothly. The inside of the tent felt smaller than it was because there was a lot of equipment around and assistants shuffling about. It was divided into two sections, for efficiency and privacy reasons. First the doctor asked for my ID, which required me to show my collar. Then she checked my pulse and blood pressure and took a blood sample. The doctor was a bit touchy, probably aroused by my naked body. I was aroused too, which my high pulse indicated. After all the proper measurements were taken, the blood donation started.
Andrea was waiting for me outside, along with Stacy. She handed me a bottle of water. "Drink," Andrea said.
"Yes, Mistress."
At that moment, Rue returned. She was panting heavily, but Stacy did not give her any water. "This water is for the people that need to recover from donating," she said. "You have to earn it."
Rue was too exhausted to respond. She dropped a large cardboard box on the welcome table. It made a loud thud.
"Fifteen minutes," Stacy said.Impressive, I thought,especially considering she had to carry that heavy box."Ten minutes longer than I allowed. That's ten days."
"Yes... Mistress...," Rue gasped out. She wiped some sweat off her forehead.Ten days of what?I wondered.
"Don't just stand there. Take off your clothes."
Andrea nudged me, indicating that we should leave Rue and Stacy alone.
"Can you two stay? I'll need your help in a minute," Stacy said as we started moving.
"Okay...," Andrea said. By this point, Rue had stripped, and some students paused to watch the scene.
Stacy opened the box and pulled out what appeared to be some metal straps. She squatted beside Rue, whose legs were tightly together. "Spread," Stacy ordered.
Meekly, Rue moved her feet to the side and lifted them up as Stacy slid the metal up her legs. Stacy fumbled with a key and then locked the metal into place. "Ten days," she said. The attached the key to a necklace and hung it around her neck. "No orgasms for ten days."
I saw the dread creep onto Rue's face, the weight of her punishment setting in. Even I was scared, and I wasn't even the one being put in chastity. I myself had to orgasm at least once every day or so, or else I'd be restless, so I could hardly imagine being without relief for over a week. I made a note to myself never to anger Andrea as much as Rue had angered Stacy.
Apparently, chastity was only the beginning of Rue's turmoil. Stacy revealed some other bindings. A set handcuffs and a spreader bar. "Bend over the table," she said.
Rue obeyed, seeming relieved to no longer be standing, even as Stacy cuffed her hands and bound her legs apart. More surrounding students were curious and stopped to watch the show.
Once satisfied with her work, Stacy turned to us. "Leah. Andrea. Since both of you have donated, you may spank her, as part of her punishment. Ten swats each on her ass."
Rue didn't move.
"Well?" Stacy asked. She looked at Andrea.
Andrea took one look at Rue. "No," she said.
If Stacy was surprised or offended, she didn't show it. She turned to me. "Leah, you may give Rue twenty swats. Ten for your donation and ten for Andrea's."
That's some position to put your friend in. I had no clue what to do. Did I help Stacy punish Rue? Did I help Rue by not punishing her? Did I go against the choice that Andrea made? What was the right thing to do in this situation? I figured asking my owner was the best option. "Mistress, what should I do?" I asked Andrea.
"It's your call," she said. "I won't judge you either way."Damnit that doesn't help me at all!
I also had to consider that if I didn't spank Rue, then maybe someone else would get to give thirty swats. And maybe that person would be a two-hundred-pound six-foot-tall body builder. But I looked at Rue's teary face, and considered Andrea's refusal to punish her, and decided follow in the footsteps of my mistress.
"Sorry, Stacy. I don't think-"
"It's okay," Rue said. Her voice was broken as she choked back sobs. "I'm fine with this punishment. I deserve it."
I swallowed nervously. "I don't know if you're in the best state of mind-"
"I'm fine!"
I steeled my resolve.If this is what she wants...My first spank was hard, like a firework. I saw that in the box there remained a gag, which Stacy chose not to use. I guessed she wanted everyone to hear Rue's screams.
I had to spank around the chastity belt, otherwise my hand would hurt from hitting the metal. Rue was not screaming. By my tenth spank, she was still taking my hits without any audible noise. It was not that my spanks did not hurt, but rather that Rue was fully concentrating on staying calm. Her hands sometimes reflexively moved down to block me, but Stacy forced them back in place. By my fifteenth spank, a large audience was witnessing Rue's torment. Tears streamed down Rue's cheeks, a mixture of agonies. When I finished the twentieth spank, my hand was throbbing.
Stacy stood in front of the welcome desk and addressed the crowd of students. "Fellow students," she said. "You too can punish this disobedient slave. Regardless of what dominance category your major is, I will allow you to administer ten spanks to this slut. All you need to do is take a few minutes to fill out some forms and donate to the blood drive."
A couple students scoffed at the idea of giving blood just to spank a girl. But a few others lined up quickly. Many of these students were in submissive majors, with either a green badge or no badge. Some dominant majors lined up as well.
Andrea and I watched in amazement as more and more people lined up to donate blood. One way or another, Stacy made sure that Rue helped the cause.
"Now then, slave," Stacy said. "There are still a few hours of the club fair left. Our tent can get blood from two people at a time, and it takes about ten minutes for the whole process to be complete. That means twelve people per hour, ten spanks each. I know you struggle a lot with your calculus class, but that means 120 spanks per hour, assuming things go smoothly."
Rue tilted her head down.
Stacy put a hand under Rue's chin. "What should you say, slave?"
"Thank you, Mistress."
"Good girl," Stacy said. Andrea flinched beside me. Stacy stuck a bottle of water in Rue's mouth. "You'll need your energy," she said before making Rue drink.
"Glad to see the slut knows where she belongs," I heard a voice say. I turned to see Ho's amused smile. "I also must admit I'm proud of your spanking."
"I'm not in the mood, Ho," I said.
"That's fine with me," he replied. Then he grabbed a form to fill out while in waiting in the blood donation line. "I'm just here to... support a cause I believe in." His words were laced with mirth.
"Hell no," Andrea said. She marched to Stacy and pointed at Ho. "Stacy, you can't let that scrawny guy spank Rue. He's an economics major who fully supports Dr. Stab and he was being a jerk to her."
"I don't care. Hopefully getting spanked by him will make the lesson finally sink in." Stacy pulled on Rue's collar, choking her slightly and lifting Rue's head up. "If your ass gets too worn, I can spread the spanks to other areas as well. And if it's really too much, I can exchange ten spanks for another day of chastity. That would make these fine donors feel cheated though, but hopefully they'll be okay knowing you're going to suffer for an additional day."
"No please, Mistress," Rue said, defeated.
"I was right about there being no dessert with you guys." Mori stood a few feet away, watching the scene beside me and Andrea.
"I thought you left," I said.
"I was going to," Mori said. "But my sorority just called me in, the leader has a house just off campus. Around here."
"They can just call you in whenever?"
"Plus, I was going to donate blood, though now I think I shouldn't. The line is too long anyway."She didn't answer my question.
The first pair of students finished donating blood and stepped up to spank Rue. They weren't as nice as me. They tried making the spanks as cruel as possible, hitting the same area over and over. Rue was writhing and groaning after the pair finished. Stacy held her down.
Andrea pulled me. "We're leaving," she said.
"Yes, Mistress."
***
When we got to back to the dorm Andrea pulled me into her. "I need to get my mind off that fair."
"It was kind of a disaster," I noted. "Do you think Stacy went too far?"
"Shush," Andrea ordered. She gripped my cheeks. "Don't say anything for now unless you're addressing me. I want you to be my toy."
"But ten days..." I shuddered at the thought. Andrea frowned at me. "Sorry, Mistress. Initiating protocol silence."
The corner of her lips curled up. She sat on her bed and kicked off her shoes, ordering me to put them away. I scurried to obey, bending over to straighten the footwear, acutely aware of Andrea's gaze. She lay on her side, adjusting a pillow.
I knelt next to her bed, close enough to Andrea that she could stroke my hair. "I'm tired from all the walking. Massage my feet."
Andrea flipped over so her back was facing up. I jumped on the bed and applied pressure to her calves.
"That feels good, slave. Do my back now."
"Yes, Mistress."
"I don't really want to think about Stacy and Rue right now," Andrea said as I worked on her muscles. "But no, I don't think Stacy went too far, because Rue can handle a lot of punishment. She's used to it." Andrea was probably right, considering what Stacy had told me. "Still, that punishment was severe."
Suddenly, Andrea flipped over while I was on top of her and forced my head down into a kiss. I let her tongue explore my mouth. Her hug squeezed my arms against my sides, leaving me unable to resist. Her soft chest pushed into mine while her leg wrapped around me. She was like a snake suffocating its prey.
I moaned into Andrea's lips feeling the heat rush to my wet pussy. Andrea moved a hand down my back and between my legs. "You're such a slut," she said. She rubbed me until I was on the edge of my orgasm and stopped. This denial I had come to expect, but I was still frustrated. "And specifically, you're my slut."
I whimpered. "Please, Mistress."
"No. Your needy pussy will have to wait. I don't want you getting juices all over my bed." She slapped my ass to make me get up. "Kneel."
I knelt beside her, and she made me clean her fingers. I stayed knelt for a few minutes, while she rested comfortably on her mattress, occasionally looking down and smiling at my submission. "Make yourself useful," she said. She put her hand on my head and turned me towards my unorganized desk. "Clean up that mess."
There were scattered notebooks and pencils laying around. I hurried to fix them, hoping that I would get to orgasm soon after. On my shelf there was a stack of binders, but one of them was not straightened properly. I tried to push it back in, but somehow that just made all the binders on top slide off. One of them hit my head. "Ow..."
"Such a clumsy slave I have," Andrea commented.
"Sorry, Mistress." I picked up the binders and started putting them back.
"Leah, come on girl! Don't put all the binders in the same direction. Alternate them so the stack is even."
"Yes, Mistress," I said, feeling dumb. With a new sense of urgency, I doubled my pace.
Once I finished cleaning my desk, I knelt beside Andrea again. She swung her legs off the side of the bed. "Good, now lick me." Without hesitation I plunged my head onto her moist clit.I hope I get to cum after this. Andrea released onto my face, gasping. "Not bad," she said.
I pouted.
Andrea put a hand on my cheek. "Just kidding. It was great as always."
I beamed and looked up at her, expecting to be rewarded for my effort.
"Now then, I'm implementing a new policy, regarding sleep." I listened half-heartedly, more worried about my uncured lust. Andrea twisted a nipple.Ow!"Pay attention. This is important. You need to start making your bed in the morning. In general, you need to start being tidy. I don't want people to think I can't discipline my slave properly."
I looked back at my unmade bed. "Yes, Mistress."
"And another thing," Andrea said. "I need you to start waking up an hour earlier. At five in the morning."
I was shocked. "W-what?! Mistress, I don't think I can do that. Don't I wake up early enough?"
"You will do it, or you will be punished. I want you to start waking me up in the morning, like my personal alarm clock. I expect you to get nice and ready before you wake me up at five-thirty."
"I'll... try, Mistress," I said, looking down.
"Don't worry, Leah," Andrea said, lifting my face up. "Look how successfully you made the change to waking up at six. I think you're a natural early riser. I wouldn't make you do something I did not think you were capable of."
I could not hide the pleasure on my face.She thinks I'm capable."Okay, Mistress, I'll do it. But won't my alarm wake you up as well?"
"Check the first drawer of my desk. Hand me what's inside."
I stood and checked. Inside, there was a strange looking headset. I handed it to Andrea and went back to kneeling.
"This is a special device," Andrea said. "I want you to wear this headset while you sleep. It will block out noise and play an alarm in the morning. They should be comfortable enough, but they also won't fall off while you sleep. Just remember to charge it during the day."
"It's noise cancelling?" I asked.
Andrea nodded. "I may need to work on homework late into the night. My classes are starting to ramp up. That's kind of why I need your help waking me. I'll keep my regular alarm as a fail-safe but know that if I hear it in the morning, I'm going to punish you."
I was a little scared.
"Inside that drawer was also the blindfold. You've gotten quite friendly with that thing over the weeks, huh?" Andrea said. "I want you to wear it at night along with the headset."
"Yes, Mistress."
"Furthermore, I want you to wake me up properly. Don't wake me up with sex. I've tried that before and, well, it isn't as fun as it seems."
I nodded.
"Now go fix your bed."
"Mistress, I've been aroused this whole time. May I please have an orgasm?"
"You may," Andrea replied. I perked up. "Later, that is. After your chores." My shoulders drooped. "Hurry up now. After you fix your bed, I want you to clean the rest of the room. In fact, from now on it is your responsibility to make sure this room stays tidy."
"Yes, Mistress."
She nudged me with her foot to make me stand up. In the corner of the room were some cleaning supplies, including a broom and dustpan. I spent a good amount of time sweeping, making sure every spot was clean. All the while Andrea relaxed on her bed. She made me fetch her discrete math textbook so she could read it while I worked.
A few times she stopped me so I could lick her off or grab a snack for her or just stand there while she rubbed my pussy. She kept me on edge, so I was always aware of why I needed to please her. For my reward.
"I'll take you to Tusl's later for some actual food, since we need to recover from donating blood. Go to the front desk and get two bottles of water."
"Yes, Mistress." I was about ready to take off the band aid that the doctor applied. It was ruining my nudeness.
I went down to the lobby. The lobby boys were there, as usual, talking amongst themselves. Some were doing work, two of them were playing chess.
Stacy sat behind the front desk. "What can I help you with?" she asked. I requested two bottles of water, which she promptly gave me.
I didn't know how to bring up the topic of Rue's punishment, but my hesitancy and vague hand gestures gave her the idea of what I wanted to ask.
"Rue is sleeping," she said. "She has to recover from all those spankings."
"Is she okay?"
"Yes, she's fine. She had her tits swatted as well, but eventually the spankings were too much for her. So instead I gave the donors a choice between extending her chastity period by one day and being serviced by Rue's mouth. She now has fourteen days of chastity."
"Fourteen days...," I repeated. I thanked Stacy for the water and headed back up.
When I returned to our room, I handed Andrea the water, which she sipped on while I knelt beside her. She grabbed my hair to tilt my head back, opening my mouth before pouring some water for me to drink. She 'accidentally' spilled some on my body, making me wince at the cold sensation.
Andrea got off her bed, grabbed me by the neck, and yanked me up. "I got the pictures from the photography club," she said. "They are still working on getting them printed, but here are the digital copies. Have a look."
She showed me the images on her laptop. The first few pictures were me looking down at the ground while Andrea stood proudly next to me.
"I'm going to make an album with all our pictures," Andrea said. As I looked at the images, she rubbed my clit, making smooth circular motions. The next image was me on my knees, a terrified expression on my face while Andrea looked down with an evil glint in her eyes. I was nearing the edge.
"Is my needy slut ready to cum?" Andrea teased.
"Very much so, Mistress." I moaned on cue.
Of course, she pulled her hand away.Oh, why does she do this to me?"Lay on your bed. We need to test the headset."
I quickly jumped on my bed, laying face up. Andrea put the blindfold over my eyes and secured the headset. Immediately, everything went silent. I could not even hear the AC unit in our room or understand Andrea's words. Her voice was muffled and everything was dark.
"I can't hear you, Mistress." A sharp pain as my pussy lips were pinched.She wants me to be quiet, I remembered.
Strong vibrations permeated my body. The vibrator returned. It got me to the edge in just a few moments.I've suffered enough,I thought.She will let me cum now. She did not. Right before I climaxed, Andrea pinched my lips again.
The sensations had stopped, and I once again was forced to bear the weight of my arousal. Andrea pulled one side of the headset outwards and whispered in my ear. "You'll get to cum eventually. I think," she said before putting the headset back in place.You think?!
I groaned in frustration, my hands unconsciously moving to my crotch. Andrea, of course, pushed them away. She squeezed my cheeks forcing my jaw open and stuffed some cloth in my mouth. Based on their moistness, it was probably her panties. She secured them with a gag.
Then I felt the lightest touch on my chest. My body flexed involuntarily. Andrea was using a feather or brush of some sort and moving it randomly across my body. It circled my nipples, arms, legs, even my face. It reminded me of the ice cube she used the other day at Tusl's.
It was only a matter of time before the brush (or feather) found my sex. It moved up and down my clit at a steady pace. Up and down. It took all my strength to stay still. Up and down. It was not enough to push me over the edge, but it did keep me stimulated. I wanted the torture to stop, but I also needed an orgasm.
Suddenly the brush retracted and the vibrator returned on a higher setting. I yelped through the gag. I had been sweating profusely from all the denial. Andrea kept the vibrator forcefully pressed against me.
Finally, I had my orgasm.
I screamed and had to hold the bedside for support. Andrea held my hand to keep me from flailing dangerously. She took everything off so that I could see and hear. I was no longer gagged, but I still couldn't speak because I had to recover from the orgasm.
"I'd say this headset works well," Andrea said. "I was giving you commands the whole time to test if you could hear, and you couldn't."
I tried to thank Andrea, but it was hard. "Thank..." was all I managed to get out.
***
It was in Calculus when I saw Rue again. She was slumped in her chair, staring at her notes. Or so I thought. In fact, she was staring at the cover of her notebook, looking quite pathetic.
"Hey," I said, taking my seat next to her.
"Hey," she replied.
Our teacher, Ms. Tris, walked in, holding a stack of paper. "Okay, good luck on your test," she said. The whole class had a heart attack. We needed several ambulances. Ms. Tris snorted. "You should see the looks on your faces. We don'tactuallyhave a test today, but could you imagine?" I could imagine and it was not fun. "That's what you guys get for being early. Anyways, I'm gonna pass this assignment out and get started in a few minutes. Today we're learning about infinite series."
"I'm an infinite series of bad decisions and regret," Rue said dejectedly.
"Oh, good. I thought you'd be worse, honestly. I can't imagine being in chastity for that long."
"The chastity isn't the issue," Rue said. I raised an eyebrow. "Okay, maybe it's a slight issue. Stacy actually took it off this morning so she could shove a vibrator in it. She turns it on at random times and has been teasing me. Of course, she'll never let me orgasm."
Poor girl, I thought.
Ms. Tris wrote 'Quiz Today' on the board, unable to control her laugh. "Don't tell the others that there isn't actually a quiz today. This is what they get for being late."
"That woman is evil," I noted.
Rue put a hand on her head. "I messed up, Leah."
I had to curb my attempts to lighten the mood. This was serious. I needed to find some way to show that I was listening.
"I'm listening," I said.Nailed it.
"Once, I got into a serious accident," Rue said. "Basically, I tripped in the woods and got impaled by a loose tree branch. Yeah, ouch. Anyway, I needed surgery to recover, but the blood loss from the surgery could have killed me, so I had to get a blood transfusion."
I nodded. "And Stacy donated her blood so you could live."
"What? No. That would be way too cool." She waved a hand dismissively. "I got a regular transfusion from some random dude. But now Stacy is really thankful towards people that donate blood. And she's thankful to doctors in general, which is why she's studying biology. She wants to become a surgeon and start helping people as quickly as possible. All because she was inspired by my accident."
"Okay..."
"Don't you get it?" Rue said. "She was so worried when I was hurt, and so thankful when I got better that she literally decided on the spot to be a doctor, because that's the kind of person that Stacy is. That blood drive... it was an extension of her love for me, and I wasn't there. Even when I promised, I still wasn't there."
A silence passed between us. Rue started riffling through her notebook.
"That's why I deserve this punishment," she said.
"Look," I said. "Because you feel guilty now, that shows that you do care. Sure, you have stuff to work on, and you need to be more responsible and disciplined, but you do care about Stacy. And Stacy cares about you. Regardless of anything else, you twoareclose."
"Oh," Rue said. "That does sound nice. Thanks, Leah."
Ms. Tris handed us both a worksheet. She did a double take when she saw me. "Aren't you the girl on the cover ofKnots Monthly?!"She was sure to say it loud enough for the whole class to hear.
Suddenly, everyone was looking at me. The thirsty red and blue badges, the weirded out green badges, and the amazed no badges.
"Holy shit," a student said.
"Itisher," said another.
Suddenly they were all interested in my naked body, trying to compare me to the bound girl in the cover of the magazine.
"Now now," Ms. Tris said. "You all can have your fun with her after class."She's trying to get them to use me.It was for her own sadistic pleasure and nothing else that she drew all this attention to me. I could tell the dominant majors were hungry, and Ms. Tris, evil as she was, wanted to humiliate me.
I thought about what Andrea said, about how I only belonged to her. I would have to refuse anyone attempting to command me, no matter if it meant punishment. Though I doubted that Dean Dixmier would punish me if I were forced into her office. She had not punished me even once in all the times I've been to her office. Granted, it was always Ho who sent me to her office, and I felt like that had something to do with the dean not punishing me. Still, I had to hope that the Dean Dixmier would have mercy on me as she always did.
"Oooohhh."
Everyone's attention turned to the blonde sitting next to me.
"Oooohhh," Rue moaned again. "Please. Please." She was grinding on her seat, but there was only metal where pleasure should have been. It banged and clanked horribly, like nails scratching a chalkboard, denying her. When the vibrator in Rue's chastity belt stopped, she slumped into her chair.And I thought Andrea was strict.
Rue did not seem to realize that everyone was watching her, so when Ms. Tris snapped her fingers right in front of Rue's face to get her attention, she had quite the shock.
Ms. Tris stuck a hand under Rue's skirt. "Ah, I see," she said, probing the chastity belt. "Well, I hope you don't have any more outbursts."
Sniffling, Rue said, "Me too."
When class ended, I tried to leave as soon as possible. A few red and blue badge students would not let that happen, however. And since they were now interested in not only me but Rue as well, we were both cornered in the classroom.
"Come on, bitches," one girl said. "Time to serve."
"We know you both are aware of your place in this university," another said, referencing theKnots Monthlycover and Rue's horny moaning. "Your place in life, even."
One student grabbed Rue's badge, reading it. "Mmmm, I'm going to get some good psychology pussy today." He was gravely disappointed upon seeing the chastity belt. "Well, you can suck my cock at least."
Should Ms. Tris really allow this in her classroom? I mean, I know class is over, but still.But Ms. Tris watched from behind her desk with a smirk. I was glad that faculty were not allowed to order students around, except for official punishments. I did not want to find out what Ms. Tris was capable of.
"Back off," I said as a student tried to order me around.
"What," she said. "The kinky whore onKnots Monthlycan't handle servicing a few pussies?"
"Yep," I confirmed, pushing past her.
"Not so fast," she said. She pulled my collar to keep me in place. "If you don't want to service us, then you'll have to be punished. The blonde as well. Right guys?"
The students agreed.
"Do it then," I said. I had been 'punished' several times before, so I was not scared. Dean Dixmier would have mercy as she always had.
Rue was not as confident. "Leah, what are you doing?"
"Trust me," I said. "The punishment won't be that bad."
The students gave me quizzical looks, not believing me. "Okay, Leah," Rue replied apprehensively. "I'll trust you."
The red badges seemed disappointed, but had no choice other than to give in. They checked Rue's badge and my collar for our identification and issued both of us a punishment for 'refusal of service.'
It was time for another visit with Dean Dixmier, this time with Rue.
***
"I don't know about this Leah," Rue said as we entered Paradise Hall, where the dean's office was located.
"Relax," I said. "I've been sent to Dean Dixmier's office to be punished loads of times and she never makes me do anything besides sit under a desk and listen to stories about Dremeder University's past."
The girl at the front desk recognized me and smiled as Rue and I headed for the office.
We got to the double doors with the red sensor. I knocked, and the light switched from red to green.
The doors opened.
A man sat at the end of the room.
I double-checked to make sure we were in the right place. But the room was unmistakable. This was the dean's office, with the fancy doors, the large desk, and the giant windows beaming light into the room. Darkening the face of the person sitting in Dean Dixmier's spot.
Standing meekly behind me, Rue tapped my shoulder. "Is that the dean, Leah? I thought she was..."
I nudged Rue's hand off my shoulder.What is going on?I thought. I heard a slam behind me, which startled Rue. The doors had closed behind us.
"Please," the man said. "Come in." He said that even though we were already standing in the room.
I took a shaky step forward. "W-where's the dean?" I asked.
He stood up and walked to the edge of the room and opened a smaller door, revealing a closet. He entered, disappearing for a few moments, and emerged with a whip in his hand. "The standard 'refusal of service' punishment for a no badge is fifteen lashes. For a green badge it is ten lashes. However, one of you is a repeat offender and shall receive an additional five lashes."
"Who are you?" I demanded.
"Dr. Schtaivib." He gave me a cold look.This is the man. This is the guy that all the politics revolves around.
Rue squeaked. "D-dr. Stab?!" I wanted to slap her.Why are you using his nickname in front of him!?Rue's hand trembled. "But Leah, you said..."
"I know," I said, trying to keep it together. Dr. Stab stretched the whip in his hand and regarded us with an impatient look. "Where's the dean?" I asked again.
The first sign of amusement appeared on Dr. Stab's face. A smirk. "Diane finds herself unable to give out punishments at the moment, so I am in charge. Perhaps she will join us later." He glanced at the empty desk. I saw Dean Dixmier's teacup (filled with coffee), and with smoke rising from it. Still hot.
What has he done to her?
"Analia Relma and Ruth Panner. You both are receiving punishment in accordance with Dremeder policy. Now bend over the desk. Ruth, you'll have to strip, of course."
I felt guilty for dragging Rue into this mess, so I would do anything to stop her from being punished. Besides, her ass must still be sore from all those spankings. And now she was about to be whipped."Where is the dean?"
"You are quite stubborn," Dr. Stab said. I crossed my arms, trying to be intimidating. He pursed his lips. "Very well. If you really want to see her so badly... come on out Diane."
The desk rumbled. A figure I once thought of as intimidating stood up. Dean Dixmier's face was smeared, her hair disheveled. She had no clothes, not even socks or a collar. Her large breasts bounced as she stood next to Dr. Stab, looking down. I glanced at Dr. Stab's crotch and, sure enough, a large bulge betrayed his erection. With horror, I realized what the dean was doing under the desk.
Dr. Stab was shorter than her, but he put a hand on her head like she was beneath him. Like she was some pet. His pet.
"As you can see," Dr. Stab said. "Diane is clearly unfit to deal out punishments. Isn't that right, dear?"
Rue and I looked at Dean Dixmier. She shrank under Dr. Stab's hand. "Yes...," she said, extremely quietly. Dr. Stab frowned at her. The dean panicked. "Master," she added.
"Good girl." My eyes must have deceived me because I thought I saw her smile. It must have been the lighting. I refused to believe that the dean was actually into this. She was not the submissive type. Was she?
"Now, then," Dr. Stab said to us. He waved his hand, and Dean Dixmier went to the corner of the room, watching sympathetically. "Whoever is going first should assume the position. Further delays will increase your punishment."
Rue had finished stripping.Fifteen lashes, plus five for being a repeat offender. Rue will receive ten. Her ass must still be sore. Can she handle it? Can I?
Rue bent over the desk, appearing dauntless, but I could see fear in her expression. Dr. Stab admired her chastity belt for a second before standing next to her with the whip. He took a swing-
"Wait!" I called out. Dr. Stab stopped. "Is there some way I can take on her punishment for her?"
Dr. Stab stared incredulously at me.
"As in, can I take an extra ten to stop her from being whipped?"
"I heard you," he said. "Unfortunately, we don't have rules like that."
"But-"
"Please refrain from talking during punishment. It could be worse for her if I miss. I'm afraid you are about to earn yourself extra strikes if you continue."
The bastard smiled at me, and I got a nice long look at his middle-aged features. He looked a lot younger than he probably was, and his muscles were toned. His whipping would hurt.
He took a swing. The whip cracked against Rue's rear. "Ahhahh!" she screamed. She nearly fell off the table.
"Back in position, young lady," Dr. Stab said.That was just one. I have to take twenty of those.
Rue scrambled into position. Dr. Stab swung again. Her shrill cry filled the room. All I could do was watch helplessly. Dean Dixmier averted her eyes when I looked at her.What is she thinking?
Another swing. Another scream. Then another. And another. Finally, ten lashes were done. There were stripes across her skin.
She slowly picked herself up and limped to her clothes, brushing passed me as she did so.
My turn. I assumed the same position as Rue and clutched the edge of the desk tightly.
A sharp pain. I screamed. Actually, the whip did not hurt as much as I thought it would. But my ass stung, and it was still throbbing when the second hit came. The overlapping pain is what hurt.Two down, I thought.Eighteen more.
Another hit. I was getting used to the pain at the same rate that it was increasing. As such, every hit was just as hard to take as the last. It helped that I had not taken so many spankings just a few days earlier. By the eighth hit I fell off the desk as Rue had.
"Back in position," Dr. Stab said, just as he said to Rue.
The twelfth hit is when tears started to fall. I was not sobbing, but the shock was making my body do weird things. I learned that relaxing made the pain more bearable. Slightly. At the fifteenth hit Dr. Stab started taking his time, teasing me. Hurting me with anticipation. The last three hits came and went easily.
When I tried pushing myself up, I could not do it. I was stuck like a statue in the punishment position. Then Dean Dixmier was at my side, pulling my shoulders back and helping me stand.
"I don't understand," I said weakly. "Why are you-"
She cut me off with a shake of her head. "Later," she said. "Next time."
Yeah, there is no way I am going to let myself end up in this office again. I'd be back.
***
Rue waited for me outside the dean's office, still naked. She said that it hurt for anything to touch her ass, even clothes. I worried what would happen if a student gave us another command that we wanted to refuse. Would we have to immediately go back to the office for another whipping? I hoped not.
We leaned on each other as we headed back to the dormitory, avoiding any crowds of students and heading to Stacy's room first. Rue said that Stacy would have some cream to help with the pain.
We pushed the door open and entered Stacy and Rue's room. "Oh, Mistress," Rue said. "It burns."
Stacy saw our faces and snapped to alertness. "What happened!"
Rue tried telling her the story of our whipping at the dean's office, but she was having trouble, so Stacy only got the vague idea that we were punished, but not much of the details.
She rushed to her bag and pulled out a bottle of cream. Rue screamed when Stacy applied some. "Shhhh, I'm sorry sweetie. Just bear it for now. It'll get better."
Rue whimpered in Stacy's lap. As she applied more cream, Stacy asked me, "How did you guys end up in the office?"
I could not sidestep the issue any longer, so I told her about how we had to service people and I chose to get punished instead, dragging Rue along with me.
"How could you think that was a good idea?!" Stacy admonished.
"Well, I'm sorry! I've never been punished there before despite being sent loads of times." I was extra irritable since my ass was hurting too.
"You just didn't think it through. And you had to bring Rue into it." She seemed completely unconcerned that I had been whipped as well, and only focused on Rue, gently easing the cream into her rear.
My anger flared. "She wouldn't be hurting so much if you hadn't punished her the way you did. I received double her punishment, yet she's in a worse state than me because of you!"
Stacy stopped massaging Rue for a second. "Perhaps..."
"No, not perhaps. The reason the other students even went after Rue is because they heard her moaning from the vibratoryouput in her chastity belt."
Stacy grimaced. Her eyes softened. "Oh, I'm sorry Rue."
"It's okay, Mistress," Rue said, weakly. Her body was limp.
"Tell you what," Stacy said. "I'll take off the chastity belt. Your whipping makes up for it."
Stacy took off the key around her neck and unlocked Rue's chastity belt.
Rue sprang up standing proudly on her feet. "Sweet. Thanks, Mistress. You can treat Leah now."
What the...I couldn't believe it. "Did you just-"
"Play you both. Heck yes," Rue said. "Thank you, Leah. Without you, I couldn't have gotten my chastity belt off this quick. As the saying goes: when life gives you lemonade, drink it."
She kissed me on the lips. I didn't return the kiss. I just stood there like a very confused doll while Rue pressed against me. Here I was, arguing with Stacy, both of us concerned for Rue, when she was just acting so that Stacy would have mercy on her.
"Anyway," Rue said. "I'm going to take a nap."
Stacy grabbed Rue's ear. "Slave, you just earned yourself an increased punishment. The chastity belt goes back on, but for three extra days."
Rue giggled. "Darn." She giggled again.
How can someone like punishment this much? She used a punishment to get out of a different punishment just so that she could get the latter increased. Rue may not have been the best at calculus, but if there was a subject on manipulating your mistress, she would have been top of her field.
"What am I going to do with you?" Stacy asked, relief in her voice. "You really had me worried, you know?"
"Oh, well... you know," Rue said.
Stacy pulled her into a tight embrace. "I love you Rue," she said. "Even if you are a fool."
Rue sharply inhaled, which was my cue to leave. My ass was on fire, but I decided that Andrea was in a better state to help me out.
***
I was right. Back at our room, Andrea calmly looked over the slash marks.
"Dr. Stab seriously whipped you?" she asked.
"For the last time, yes."
"Well where was Dean Dixmier? Isn't she the one who punishes you?"
"She was..." I told Andrea the whole story, how Dean Dixmier was being controlled by Dr. Stab.
"Holy shit," she said. "Why would she submit to him?"
"I don't know," I admitted. "I think she was into it."
"No way."
"I don't want to believe it, but what other explanation is there?"
"Maybe he's blackmailing her or something?"
I shook my head. "She was aroused. And she was way too smiley for it to be against her will. I think the dean might just be submissive. That would explain why she never punished me before."
"I thought she was trying to teach you some 'lesson' that couldn't be learned from punishment. And why submit to Dr. Stab of all people?"
"Well maybe..." I trailed off. "I don't know."
Andrea sighed. "Lay on your bed. I have some cream."
"Roger that," I said. I hopped on the bed. "So, I guess you have to massage me now. How the tables have tur- Aahah."
"It might sting a bit."
"No kidding."
She rubbed a generous amount of cream on the slash marks. "All things considered," she said. "I'm glad you didn't service those other students."
I nodded. "I belong to you after all."
"That you do."
***
I appreciate the feedback. There will probably be 1 or 2 more chapters after this.