This is only the second story I've written, and I'd really love any feedback from readers on what they think of it. It can be as explicit as you like ; ) Anyway I hope everyone enjoys this.
*
I had gone to see a movie. I didn't really care which movie; I just wanted to start experimenting with exhibitionism. Going out in public without a bra probably seems small, but it was the first time I had ever done it before. I have large, firm D cup breasts that jiggle even when I have a supportive bra on, so walking around in public, feeling them swaying with even my slightest movements was incredibly erotic for me. I could feel wetness spreading between my legs, especially when the guy who served me couldn't keep his eyes off my rock hard nipples, straining against the confines of my tight blouse.
It was quite early in the morning, so the cinema was relatively quiet, however I could feel the eyes of everyone I passed on my breasts. My nipples were painfully hard and I could feel my clit throbbing between my damp pussy lips. I chose a seat at the back; I didn't feel confident enough to sit closer to other people. I was longing to slip my fingers deep into my hot, wet pussy, make myself come in public for the first time. I couldn't wait for the film to start, so I started stroking my inner thigh, about to work my fingers up to my clit.
A couple sat down in my row a couple of seats along from me, and I hurriedly moved my hand away from my pussy. I felt my cheeks burn with the embarrassment of thinking they might know what I was about to do, but they sat down without looking in my direction, the guy nearest me. The lights in the cinema dimmed and so did my arousal. No one could see my breasts anymore and I didn't want to touch myself with the other couple so close. What if they saw me and had me thrown out?
I settled into my chair and started to watch the movie, feeling disappointed. After ten or fifteen minutes I got distracted from the film by quiet groans coming from my right hand side. I bit my lip and tried to keep my eyes on the screen, but there was no mistaking the pleasure in the groans that were obviously trying to be silenced. I glanced slowly over to my right and sucked in my breath at the sight.
The woman of the couple was giving the guy a blow job. I stared at his cock, glistening from the light on the screen reflecting in the saliva from the woman's mouth. She was bobbing up and down at a slow pace, her long blonde hair spread over his lap. His cock was big, really big, and I felt myself imagining what it would feel like to have his huge cock inside of me. I felt my clit throb at the thought. He would make me feel tight; I knew he could fill me completely.
The woman looked up from her task and saw me watching. I wanted to look away, but his cock seemed to mesmerise me, and she looked so horny and turned on, her cheeks flushed from arousal. I've never felt any sexual feelings toward another woman, but looking at her made my nipples harden. She grinned at me, then went back to sucking him off. Every now and then she looked up at me, and then she slowly started to lift up her T shirt. I could barely see her impressive cleavage in the light, but I knew she was wearing a half cup bra. Her ample breasts were jiggling from her movements, and I wished she would suck him faster as her breasts were close to spilling out. I wanted to kiss them, feel them, suck her nipples which were hopefully as hard as mine. My clit was burning at the thought, but I was enjoying this feeling of arousal. I gripped my arm rest hard and rocked my hips, the movement increasing my arousal. My juices were starting to flow heavily.
I turned my attention to the guy. Tall and muscular, with dark hair and eyes and an obviously toned body under his clothing. He was slowly running his fingers through the girl's hair while looking into my eyes. I could see tension building in his face and knew he was close. I glanced down and saw the girl licking precum off his swollen head before continuing moving up and down his shaft.
I was so aroused I didn't think I could take it anymore. I moved my right hand under my skirt, but the guy caught my eye and shook his head. "Not yet," he said to me, his voice barely audible above the noise from the film. I'd never been ordered around by a man before but I liked it. I bit down hard on my lip and gripped the armrest again. I focused on the girl giving the blow job. She'd increased her pace, I heard him grunt loudly and saw jets of white cum shooting into her mouth. She lapped them up hungrily, swallowing them like they were a rare delicacy. When he had finished she licked his spent cock clean.
I wanted to cum. I wanted to cum as hard as he had done. I was desperate for it, every muscle of my body was tensed, my fingernails digging painfully into the arm rests to stop them drifting to my burning pussy.
The girl got up and sat back into her seat. She licked her lips and kissed her boyfriend, her eyes open and on me the whole time. They parted, I could see him whispering in her ear. She stood up and sat next to me, her fingers gently stroking my tense arm. My skin burned beneath her touch, my breathing stalled for a second. She leaned in close and when she spoke I felt her lips brush my ear. "Did you like that sweetheart?"
"Yes," I croaked, my voice breaking. My throat felt tight and dry.
"Did we make you nice and wet?" she asked in a husky voice.
"Soaking wet," I replied. I couldn't believe I was talking like this to a complete stranger, I could barely talk like this to my boyfriends.
Her hand rested on my inner thigh, gently stroking to just within reach of my pussy and then away again. I couldn't stand it I needed her to touch me. "Please!" I begged. I could see her smiling at me.
"Poor baby," she said quietly. "We have been teasing you for a long time haven't we?"
She leaned in, and I felt her hot lips meet mine. I'd never kissed another woman before, but the sensation was nice. She kissed softer than a man, her tongue expertly sliding into my mouth. I concentrated on the kiss, trying not to think about the burning need in my pussy. I had started to relax a little when her hand shot up my leg and in one swift movement her fingers had wound underneath the elastic of my knickers and into my sopping wet cunt.
I moaned into her mouth as she traced little circles around my clit. Finally I was getting some much needed relief! She stuck two fingers into hot pussy, they slid in easily as I was so wet. Her hand stopped, she broke the kiss and whispered in my ear, "Fuck my fingers baby. Fuck them."
I bucked my hips, feeling the pleasure building quickly, enjoying the exquisite feeling of being touched and feeling her inside of me. I was close, I bit down on my tongue to stop from crying out when I came --
-- And she deliberately moved her hand away when she felt the first signs of my orgasm approaching. It didn't happen, my body settled back into a state of pleasurable frustration. "Please!" I begged again, but she pressed her fingers against my lips to silence my protests. They were still soaked in my juices and I took them into my mouth, sucking myself from them.
"He doesn't want you to cum like that," she said, smiling slyly at me. Before I could ask her what she meant, she slid from her seat and knelt on the floor in front of me, she gently prised my knees apart, reached up under my skirt and grabbed my knickers. I lifted my bottom and felt my knickers slide past my bum, felt cold air hit my burning pussy.
"Open your legs and put your feet up on the seat in front of you." I jumped at his voice. I hadn't heard him move over to the seat next to me. I obeyed him, feeling engorged lips open to expose my throbbing clit and vagina, feeling the girl's hot breath on the sensitive spot between my legs. I was completely exposed to her, and it was the sexiest thing I'd ever done.
"Have you ever had another girl eat you pussy?" he asked me, his hand gently stroking my hair.
I shook my head. "No," I said quietly.
"You'll like it," he said, absently twisting a strand of hair around his fingers. "I know you will."
His lips moved to my neck, and simultaneously the girls lips moved to my clit. I gasped from the double sensations, feeling like I was about to wake up from the best dream I've ever had. He lifted my skirt back and watched the girl eating me. Please, I begged silently as my breathing quickened and became erratic, please don't let her stop. I bucked my hips and closed my eyes to heighten the sensations.
I came after only a few minutes of her eating me out. It was different from the orgasms I usually had. It was much stronger, and I could feel waves of pleasure flooding through my whole body. I could taste blood in my mouth, realising I had bit down hard to stop from screaming. I had to sit still for a few seconds till the feeling subsided. It had been amazing. I looked over at the guy, who was grinning at me. "You were right," I said quietly. "I really liked it!"
The girl knelt up, grinned at me and sat on the guy's lap. He slowly licked my juices from her lips. When he had finished, she took the seat on his other side. I looked down at his lap, his gorgeous cock was hard again. I licked my lips without realising I'd done it.
"Suck me off," he ordered.
I was glad it was exactly what I wanted to do, to take his big hard cock into my mouth, taste him and feel him. I slid from my seat, moved between his legs and started slowly licking around the head of his cock. I wanted to tease him like he teased me. He groaned and I knew he liked it. This really got my juices flowing again. I took him in my mouth as much as I could, but he was so big I couldn't fit the whole thing in. My juices were running down my thighs, I reached down and wet my hands with them then used them to pump the part of his shaft my mouth couldn't take while my head bobbed up and down his magnificent cock.
I wanted him to cum in my mouth, to taste his cum and feel it dribbling down my throat. I increased my pace, and was surprised when he gently pulled my head away from him. I frowned but didn't try to go back, I liked him being in control.
"Unbutton your blouse," he ordered.
Another thing I was glad to do. As slowly as I could, I undid each button, enjoying the new freedom I felt as the tension across my breasts was relieved.
"Straddle me," he ordered. I felt my heart skip a beat, I knew he was going to fuck me. I straddled him and prepared to lower myself onto him, but he put his hands under my arm pits and ordered me to stay where I was. I could feel the head of his penis nestled in my pussy lips and it was torture for me. I was so close to having him inside me but he wanted to tease me even more. He ordered me to stay where I was until he told me otherwise.
He pulled my blouse aside, pushed it over my shoulders and exposed my milky white breasts and hard pink nipples. He ran his thumbs gently over them. I had to bite my lip and really tried to ignore my juices dripping down onto his hard cock. He took my left nipple into his mouth, sucking it and running his tongue over it. I couldn't stand much more of it. "Please," I begged, "I want you to fuck me. I need you to fuck me."
Without warning he pulled me down onto him. I cried out at the delicious mixture of pleasure and pain, no longer caring if anyone else in the cinema heard me. His mouth moved between my breasts, his hands guiding my hips to his pace. I was right in thinking he would fill me completely. I felt tight and the sensations were amazing. I arched my back wanting to take him deeper.
I had forgotten about the girl, she had moved round to my right side. She'd taken off her t-shirt and bra, her brown nipples were hard. I reached out and touched her soft breast, the nipple hard. I squeezed it and felt her groan and my touch. I realised I wanted to make her cum.
My hand reached under her skirt, I was pleasantly surprised to feel she wasn't wearing any underwear. Her shaved pussy lips were wet from her juices, my finger slipped easily inside them and found her sex, and I slipped a finger inside. She moaned, then leaned forward and kissed me hungrily. I had never fingered another woman before, but I was so turned on and enjoying the blissful sensations that it seemed like I'd always known what to do. My thumb rubbed her clit just as his fingers found mine. I slipped the rest of my fingers deep into her sex, feeling her orgasm building almost exactly the same as mine was. She came and I could feel her vagina constricting and relaxing against my fingers. She was moaning in my mouth, and a second later I was moaning into hers as my orgasm hit, just as strong from him as the one she had given me had been. I kept my hand inside her after she came, and when my orgasm hit I rubbed harder and faster while he kept rubbing my clit, and the orgasms just seemed to keep coming in floods, pleasure washing over me as the three of us were joined in pleasure.
His hips were bucking, he was cumming hard, groaning with his eyes closed. We were all cumming together. I rested on top of him for a few minutes then he kissed me gently. I lifted myself off him and looked around. No one in the cinema appeared to notice what had happened, though I didn't think that was possible. The movie was finishing and I casually buttoned up my blouse. The guy and the girl were both dressed and as I looked for my knickers I saw the guy stuffing them into his trouser pocket.
He smiled at me. "I'm Ben. This is Maria." He patted his pocket. "If you want these back, you could get them from our flat." He grinned at me. "We live really close by."
I grinned back at him. After the orgasms I'd had in here, putting my knickers on was the last thing on my mind. But I knew getting them back would be a lot of fun.