"I would like to cum on your tits." I realized what I had blurted out, and it was shocking enough to me that I couldn't work out a joke about it. The alcohol was hitting me a bit, but I wasn't drunk enough to blame the booze. She stopped talking and had clearly lost her train of thought. She was sitting opposite of me at the party. She had huge tits. They have always been big, though our relationship wouldn't allow for that kind of talk.
"What did you say?" my sister-in-law said. "I thought you said that you wanted to cum on my tits."
"I did say that. Because I do."
She had an extremely low cut dress on, and she was falling out of her top. She had pulled back the opening to create more cleavage and was leaning forward watching her friend get some drinks so she was really coming out. I think that she was starting to feel the effect of the alcohol and she was no longer attempting to cover up. It was a pool party so being demure wasn't on the table for most every woman here. She had come with a friend, and he was busy talking to someone at the bar, so it was just me and her near each other. The party was busy except for that. I knew she was wearing a swimsuit underneath that getup, since really big tits like her 38f's don't stand up by themselves. They were beautiful in just about anything, and she knew how to present her best feature as well as anyone else. The first time I met her it was a couple of hours before I really looked at her face thanks to dark as night sunglasses.
"What?"
"You have the most amazing tits. I have been looking at them for years and I would like to see them without anything else on, and then I want to cum on your tits."
"You shouldn't be talking like that. What if someone hears?"
"Listen, the guy three houses down is gone for a month and he told me where the key is. He's a good friend of mine and I am supposed to water the plants or something. I know he asked someone else to do that, so I am just crashing there since it's nicer than mine."
"So what? I'm supposed to let my sister's husband shoot all over me?"
"Your friend is busy and you aren't." I looked at her friend who was now talking to a couple of young girls and it looked like it may be going well for him.
"That fucking guy."
"C'mon. Let me show you the house."
"And what else?"
"I'm going to take off my clothes, but then so are you."
She hesitated which looked to be a good sign, so I took her hand and led her out and down the side of the house towards the driveway. Nobody would really notice this escape and unless you were just walking in we wouldn't be seen at all. We started walking up the street when she pulled her hand out of mine. She kept walking along with me though, and to my happiness she had not slowed down.
She looked like a complete lush or bimbo or combination of all of it. Drink in her hand, slightly staggering, cigarette in one hand and tits falling all over the place. The street was kind of shaded form trees that were planted whenever the development started, so it must be 50 years of growth. Houses were far apart, so going three houses down was a real hike. When we were halfway there she started talking again.
"Are you really serious?"
"Of course. They're beautiful tits, and your sister isn't around this week for the conference so what else should we do?"
"There are lots of things. Many of them don't include semen."
"Are you saying you don't want to see the house?"
"Yes I do. And I know you're kidding around."
I looked back at her. I can't let up or it's over. I was this far and I planned on going much further and not beating around the bush about it.
"Are you wearing your swimsuit?"
"Yes."
"The brown one? "
"No, it's new. I bought it for the party. This cover-up too."
"Take off your top."
"What?? I can't do that."
"No really, take off your top and keep the cover-up on. You might be able to do it without even taking off the cover-up."
"We're standing in the middle of the street."
"Go over behind that tree. I'll pretend you're going to the bathroom and I'm keeping watch. Then you give it to me when you come back."
She looked at it and said, "I'm going behind that tree because I actually do have to pee."
She walked around the back and came back about ten minutes later smiling. I was tired of waiting, but then watching her walk and the movement of her shirt I could tell that she had actually done it. She handed a blue bundle to me, and I opened it up to see that it was a one-piece.
"That's my girl. All the way commando?"
"I went around just to pee, and it was difficult to get it to the side to go, so I took off the cover up and squatted down. As soon as I was done, I stood up and saw a young boy looking at me through the window. I looked at him and took off my clothes right in front of him. I put the top back on and smiled when I was walking away. I think he was jerking off when I walked away."
Not wanting to lose momentum but still enjoying myself I said, "Go back around that tree and give him a show until he cums. You'll be the most erotic thing that will ever happen to him."
She looked back, then at me again. Before I could coax her again, she turned and bounced to the other side of the tree. I could see her doing a striptease and peek a boo show for him. All at once she stopped, blew a kiss and walked back towards me. She had closed up her top mostly before I could see the tits all out in the open, but I knew that was coming. She smiled and started walking down the street again, a little more quickly to put some distance between her and the teenage boy she just put a show on for. I found out later what had happened, and it was very dirty.
She was walking at a good clip so her tits were shaking side to side in her top. She had closed it up very well, but the silky black material was moving heavily as her tits moved freely underneath. I said as we walked along, "What's the hurry?"
She said, "I don't want him to run out thinking that there was something more going on."
"What happened?"
"He was standing at a full length window. When I dropped my clothes and started to sway he knew what to do. He dropped his shorts and started to jerk off for me. As soon as he came on the glass I decided to get out of there."
"That's hot."
"It was very erotic, but also sweet. He was young and it was fun."
"I never knew you were that much of an exhibitionist"
"I like showing off. I like when guys look at my tits, and I like watching their girlfriends get mad when they catch their guys staring at me."
I said, "I have been trying not to ogle you, but your cleavage is always out there."
"Sure it is. My tits are lovely. I have had guys cum on them before, just not my brother in law."
"But here you are, walking down the street, naked except for a coverup on your way with me to a vacant house.'
"You're kidding about it, and I like teasing you. It's fun."
"Do you really like being a tease?"
She smiled, "Sure I do. I like showing off, being naked and getting guys to look."
"So, why don't you open that dress a little more? Like you had at the party."
"Well, at the party I was wearing a swimsuit so I didn't sway as much. If I open it up even a little more the girls will start to try to come free."
"So?"
"So, it's the middle of the day."
"That's the fun part."
She was clearly thinking about this. Looking at me again, "Are you really thinking that I would let you cum on my tits? You're just kidding, right? You're just enjoying me be a cock tease or whatever this is, right?"
I didn't even feel like responding to that. I had every intention of shooting all over her chest. I also planned on doing other things, but I was going to aim at those grand mammaries just because that's clearly what they were designed for. In the meantime.....
"Open your shirt a bit, please"
She pulled a bit of the material back to show a long 'V' in the front, and while we were walking I could see a lot more of the movement and some side boob as well. Mostly it was good, but I was in a mood that required pornography.
"You're giving a PG-13 show, and I am looking more for an R or NC-17 rating."
She looked around and said, "It's the middle of the day" She was also loosening the belt on the cover up a little while she said that. The dress had buttons that went up to mid chest and was designed to show off cleavage by itself. By opening buttons the dress would allow for more cleavage to show. The fabric belt that went around held it all in place, though there were more buttons below the belt. She had opened buttons to just below her ribs, and her tits went just a bit lower than that. The straining two buttons above the belt were the only things between a good show and an awesome one. She loosened the belt and undid the two remaining buttons, and one more below the beltline. As the material was loosened for this her tits were almost free swinging and the material did almost nothing to conceal their true shape and size. She pulled the shirt tight downwards and tied the belt back up. She looked at me and said, "Good enough?" Her 'V' neck now went down below her navel, but was more narrow since the material was pulled tight. I could see between her tits very well, but it was about the opening of a formal dress.
I said, "That's good for now I guess."
"You guess?"
"I expected to see more."
"How far to the house?"
"It's around this corner, a couple of hundred yards." It was further than that, but making drunk chicks go for a hike is almost impossible.
"How populated is it?"
"Not too bad, about like this." The houses were spaced very far apart, and with the heat a lot of people were inside. This was a well-to-do neighborhood and many people had landscapers to do yardwork, so there wasn't the sound of suburban lawnmowers and people in their front yards. So, while there were houses, it was pretty much just me, her and the sun and shade of a suburban street.
We walked along at about the same clip and then she started to slow down. I asked her what was up and she said, "As I am walking, the movement is shaking my top open. I want to slow down."
I said, "But you said showing off was fun? There's nobody outside to really notice anyway."
"But I keep having to pull my cover-up down to keep from falling out."
"Stop doing that. Just let it happen naturally."
We walked along , a little slower now so she could keep inside her shirt better. Not like it helped much, since they kept swaying and jiggling forcing the material to loosen from her belt. The house was now in view, about 150 yards or so away. I said, "There it is."
She said, "That's farther than you said it was."
'Now that we're almost there, stop pulling down."
"If I don't I might fall out." Even though she protested a bit, she stopped pulling down. Her tits started pushing apart the material and I could see inside much better. I was loving the jiggle that got exposed more and more as we walked.
I said, "Stop for a moment and face me." She did and I could see a great deal of side boob from both sides, and a growing space was developing between the material and the top of her chest. It was remarkable and I was happy to look at it for just a minute head on. "Beautiful."
"I'm glad you approve." She loosened the belt a bit so the material was not only lees tight, but much more would be exposed on the rest of the way.
I said, "Are you sure that you don't want me to cum on your tits? There's a lot of them out."
"I know you're just kidding, and there's nobody here to see."
"What do you think we'll do at the house then?"
"We'll skinny dip maybe, and then go back to the party. I'll give you something to think of later when you're jerking off, but you're my brother in law so that's about as far as we'll go."
"Maybe I'll jerk off on your tits while we are there. "
She laughed and kept walking. Her tits pushed the material as and she was hanging out almost completely. Looking in from the side I could see nipples, and here tits bounced together like swinging pendulums as we went along. By the time we were at the house her chest was almost completely exposed, as her nipples were the only thing not fully on display, though when she was walking I think the nipples were out as well.
"Turn and look at me again."
She turned to face me and I could see her half of her nipples on both sides from the front, though from the side I could see even more. The material was an inch from her chest now, so the movement was fully natural. I said, "Bounce up and down."
She smiled and bounced on her heels, and I almost lost it at the sight of the jiggle and shake of her magnificent tits. She said, "How about this" and she jumped up in the air and landed. Her top came completely open on her way up and she didn't bother to close it back up when she landed.
I said, "Let's go out back. There is some good beer in the pool bar."
We went around back and when I closed the gate is said, "Okay, take it off."
She said, "I'm just going to open the top up, as she opened the belt up and let her tits all the way out."
I said, "You did more for that kid back there, and I'm practically family." Her tits were on full view for me, but that wasn't what I had in mind.
She said, "Anyway, where the pool bar?"
I started walking and she followed me to the pool area. When we got my one of the lounge chairs I said, "You can leave your clothes here." I put her swimsuit down and started taking my clothes off.
"Whoa buddy, what are you doing?"
I said sarcastically, "Clearly I am getting dressed for the pool." I pulled my shirt off and dropped my swimsuit and was there in the nude in almost 30 seconds. One of the things that attracted her sister to me was my huge dick. I was over 8 inches flaccid, and I was sporting the beginnings of a hard on. I kept myself in shape mostly, and although I didn't have a sixpack I was fit and my stomach was flat. I turned and took a jump in the water. It was hot out and between the walk and the show I needed some relief. If I was going to have any fun with her I wanted to go a little slower. I looked up at her when I surfaced and said, "You're next."
She didn't hesitate and dropped her top and headed the few steps it took to jump in. Her pubic hair was trimmed into a landing strip, and she was even more sexy when her whole voluptuous body was on display. She wasn't fat at all, but had some amazing curves that made her tits fit in on her toned body. I was happy to be in the water cooling down, because I might really have lost it after the titillating walk over here and now her nudity.
I had never seen her naked. I had imagined it for the many years I have known her, but beyond cleavage that was sometimes extreme I had never seen any skin. She surfaced and her tits bobbed in the water with us. It was almost more erotic than watching her fall out of her top on the walk over. Isuggested a drink and we swam to the side of the pool. She jumped up and got out right after me and started to head for her top. I said, "Leave that off. You're too beautiful as you are now to cover back up again."
She said, "Are there any towels?"
I said, "There a small one back here behind the bar." I pulled out the towel that was too small for a bath towel and too large for a hand towel. It was what my buddy kept handy for swimming in the nude, since there was never a need to wrap back up again. If you have never done it, swimming naked is really the best way to get wet. When you get out there is no clingy wet suit that becomes very uncomfortable quickly. In the nude, you just dry off and then you're all set. It feels wonderful in the pool and even better when you get out. The only problem here was, that you could never cover up with one of these towels. The reason for it was that my friend didn't encourage swimsuits. Every time I was here, nudity was the only acceptable swimwear. My wife had gotten used to the towels and now she brought her own so she could sit around demurely after a dip. I would just hang out naked until she told me to cover up or it was time to leave.
I gave her the towel and she dried off her face. "Is there more to this towel or am I missing something?"
"No, that's what he keeps on hand. Do you need more?"
"I'd like to dry all the way off, but I am drying nicely anyway in this heat. It does feel good to not have a suit on. I haven't skinny dipped much to really know the difference."
"Have you ever been to a nude beach?"
"Nope. I have always been intrigued, just never had the chance to go. Not that I am prudish, obviously," she said with a twirl.
I walked around the bar and right up to her. I pulled her into a hug and rubbed my dick on her stomach as I began to get hard. She felt so good, and the dip had cooled her skin and removed the glistening sweat I had seen on the way over. She turned to me but had not put her arms past mine and looked at me in the eye. I pulled myself closer and felt the size of her tits as I moved in. I landed a kiss on her lips and began making out with her. She was timid at first but in a moment was kissing me back as hard as I was kissing her. I was running my hands over her back and down over her ass and down her legs as far as I could reach. My dick was rubbing against her skin and I dipped down just a bit to put my dick right up against her pussy.
She pulled back from our kiss but didn't let go. "You're moving pretty fast there. Are you in a rush?"
"Do you still think I was kidding, or did you know that you would do this as soon as we left the party?"
She leaned in and kissed me gently while murmuring, "We haven't done anything yet. Maybe you could jerk it on my tits and we could go."
"I'm going to do everything to you," I said as I pulled back enough to start feeling her up. Her tits were so soft and supple and I squeezed and rubbed them all over like my life depended on it. I had been looking at them for so long and it was delicious to finally rub them down. She put her head back as I leaned down to suck on a nipple. I flicked my tongue over her nipple, first the left tit and then the left. I put my face between and licked each tit from bottom to top and side to side. I was having a party in her tits alone and getting hornier by the moment. Her breathing had changed as she started to moan slightly . I motorboated her and she laughed as I did it.
"That feels so good."
I was rocking my cock between her legs the whole time that I was sucking on her tits, and I could feel her dripping onto and off of my dick. She was flowing all over me as my dick got harder, hotter and wetter by the second. I said, "What feels better, me sucking your magnificent tits or my dick sliding between your legs?"
"I love your dick, but my tits are kind of sensitive and I love having them played with."
"I would like you to get on your knees and suck me."
"My pussy juice is all over your dick." She said this but started to kneel down anyway. When she was down by my dick she said, "Do you want to wipe it off? It's soaked."
I smiled and stepped forward. I grabbed her head on both sides and pushed my cock right into her mouth. She started sucking and then backed off. "I'll get even with you," and then settled back onto my dick again. She was an amazing cocksucker. She was working my dick with her hand and mouth so slowly and deliberately, using her other hand on my balls and gliding up and down on my shaft. She would switch hands, always stroking and her mouth never left my dick. She went all the way down to deep throat me, and I could feel her throat as I started to fuck her head. I was having a great time amd pulled out of her mouth suddenly before I came.
"I'm just getting started."
I pulled her up and led her over to the bar and hoisted her ass onto the bar. I started to suck on her tits again and moved my hands down and spread her legs open. I was sucking on each tit while rubbing the inside of her thighs, moving closer and closer to her pussy but not touching it. As I got close to her sex, I could feel so much pussy juice on her thighs. She had more than usual compared to other girls that I fucked, and it was a real turn on to feel all of that fluid.
I moved my head between her legs and started to flick my tongue over her clit and labia. She tasted wonderful. The pool washed away any ouside swat or fluid an di was left with the lightest tasting, sweet pussy. I went in and put my mouth over her pussy and began to go after it feverishly. I sucked and licked her clit and fucked her with my tongue. I slid three fingers into her while I was eating her out and between the writhing and moaning I knew I was hitting her spot. She started to yell "Oh God" as she bucked her hips and pushed her cunt down hard onto my mouth. Her hand pushed my head harder onto her and I slid my head side to side as she came.
I stopped when she slowed down and looked up at her. She was breathing hard and smiling at me and said, "That was wonderful."
I said, "Get down from there and turn around."
She slid off of the now slick bar and started to turn. I leaned in and gave her a wet sloppy kiss. I had pussy juice all over my head and face and she couldn't help but get a good taste.
"Pussy juice again? I feel like I'm getting myself off too."
I turned her around and slid into her hole. She bent forward and held onto the bar as I started to ram her from behind. I began slowly but forcefully and sped up my thrusts as I went along. I was slamming her so hard that I felt like I was trying to break her open. She was moaning and gasping on every thrust, and said "harder, harder." I slammed her as hard as I could and she said, "faster...faster...oh God, oh God..."as she started to cum again. I could feel her pussy convulsing on my dick and before the sensation was more than I could bear I pulled out.
She turned around, sweating and panting as the last convulsions of her orgasm were still going through her. "Why on earth did you stop?"
"I said that I wanted to cum on your tits, and that's why we came here. I would love to fuck you again and again, but this time I want to fulfill a long time fantasy of mine."
She smiled and got back down on her knees, still breathing hard. I moved forward again holding my dick and slid into her mouth again. She pulled back off and said, "You like watching me lick my own pussy juice don't you?" She was stroking me and keeping me going. "It's not like it's someone else's, it's mine. You're a dirty boy and I'm acting like a filthy slut, but I'll find a way to get even."
"Suck it."
She leaned forward and started to work me over again. This time she was really sliding her hand and head all over my cock for the most amazing sensation, and then I felt her finger go between my cheeks and into my asshole. I didn't have a chance to stop her, and as she finger fucked my ass I began to feel the sensation of an orgasm starting to build up. I pulled out of her mouth, and she kept stroking me and aiming at her tits. My orgasm started and I felt myself shooting onto her. I looked down and watched my cum fly and land on the top of her tits and between them. The sight of it intensified my orgasm and I came longer than I usually do and shot more cum that I ever had. The long walk and all of the teasing must have built up my supply and it felt almost like I was peeing cum on her. She was rubbing my dick all over her chest smearing her tits with my cum. There were globs and spray and slimy trails everywhere. It was all that I had wanted to see and do, maybe even a little more.
When I had subsided and my dick couldn't shoot any more she stood back up and came closer to me and put her hands on my hips. "I told you that I would get even, and now is the time. " She stepped in real close and grabbed my head. Before I could even react she lifted herself up and forced my head between her tits. I could feel and smell cum all over and had it all over my head. I pulled back and she said, "Oh no, you're not done. You have to eat it. You have to give me a French snowball so I know that you got it in your mouth." She grabbed my head again and slammed it back in between her tits. She rubbed them all over my head and I could taste cum even with my mouth closed.
I said to myself, fuck it and reached up and grabbed the sides of her tits and started to rub my head all over her cum drenched tits. I pulled some into my mouth and stood up and gave her a sloppy wet cum filled kiss. I stuck out tongue in her mouth and pushed cum into her mouth, and the backed off from the kiss. She smiled and said, "Good boy."
I said, "Can I wash up and we could do this again?"