This is part 5 of my story about how I began my journey as a hypnotist. It might make more sense to read the first four parts first, but I'll do my best to make this a good standalone story. These are all fiction, and they all involve only consenting adults (or at least they believe they are consenting). Please enjoy.


I wondered how much more of this I could take, much less the girls. I mean, I was just watching for now, and they were getting stimulated and teased without being able to cum. The shoe store was way beyond what I had imagined. Now, we were headed to the swimsuit store.
The Body Shoppe was right at the center of the mall, was brightly lit, and had floor-to-ceiling glass windows that looked right into the racks of colorful bathing suits on floor-to-ceiling racks. I ushered the now slightly rubber-legged ladies into the store. I think they had figured out what I had in mind. I led them over to the slightly risque one-piece suits near the front window.
"I'd like to buy you each a suit. But I get to pick which ones you try on and which one I'll buy for each of you. Is that a deal?" I asked. "Oh, and you have to get them off the racks, too."
They both nodded in agreement. I had already spotted the first one for them to try on. It was a sexy one-piece with mostly cutouts rather than fabric. I picked black for Lana and electric blue for Hanna. Now, as "luck" would it, these suits were on the top layer of the rack. They looked around for one of those long hook things, but the only one they could find was not quite long enough. Hanna said, "I think I can reach mine if I just hang onto the rack and stretch." She grabbed the hook, steadied herself by holding the rack, then stretched way up to the top row. In the process, her sundress was pulled way up, almost to her hips, exposing most of her gorgeous ass to everyone in the mall center through the giant floor-to-ceiling windows. From my vantage point, I was able to see her reflection in the window and the reactions of the folks in the mall. One poor guy just about ran into a post! When the suit slipped off the hanger on the way down, Hanna bent over to pick it up, thereby completely exposing her not-really-covered ass. The mall traffic almost came to a standstill. Hanna stood, saying, "Got it!"
"You sure did," I replied. "Now, it's your turn, Lana."
While Hanna was unwittingly putting on her show, Lana had found one of those rolling ladder things on the next aisle. She was rolling it over just as Hanna stood up. "Hey, no fair!" cried Hanna.
Lana replied, "All's fair in love and shopping!" and pushed the ladder into place. As she climbed the ladder, more and more of her upper thighs and crotch came into view. Her miniskirt was riding up as she was stepping up. As she reached the level of her suite, her pussy and the toy therein were basically completely exposed and at eye level. I sawEVERYONEin the mall looking in our direction.
I figured I had better get her moving before some goodie-two-shoes sent the Mall Cops (or the real ones) after us. I cleared my throat and nodded toward her skirt. She finally noticed and, with a shocked look on her face, yanked the tiny skirt down as far as it would go and held it there while climbing down the ladder. She shot me a look that was something between "take me home and fuck me, now" and "I'm so embarrassed, I want to die."
I took their arms and got them moving toward the back of the store, where the more risque and explicit suits were displayed. We got to the section of regular to small bikinis, and I stopped at a rack of white, unlined, very small bikinis. "Ok, here's our next selection. Find your sizes." They each quickly found the appropriate size. I took them from them and said, "No way, you girls aren't that big. Here, try these." And I handed each of them a suit that was one size smaller than the ones they had selected. They both shot me an evil glare, but took the suits and started toward the dressing rooms.
"Ah, ah, ahh! Not so fast. I see some suits over here that look quite interesting. Let's go have a look at them, too!" I ushered them over to the section with the tiniest micro (or maybe even nano) bikinis. I found one design that was basically a string that went around the neck, down to two small strips of fabric that ran over the nipples, and then down to a tiny triangle of fabric that might cover the pussy. The triangle had some sort of cloth-covered wire that was to run up between the butt-cheeks to hold it all in place. It was an engineering marvel, and I wasn't sure how it would work at all. But that's what I chose. A bright red one for Lana and a fluorescent orange one for Hanna. "Now, you can model them for me, so that I can choose which to get for you."
"But what about the, uh, ya know, uh, toys?" Lana whispered to me.
"Oh yeah, you'll be leaving them on while you model," I replied. "Come on, let's get changing!"
We walked over to the changing rooms, and the attendant, a cute red head with a nametag that said "Maria", almost waved us all in until she noticed that I was with the two girls. "Are y'all together?"
"Yes. Do you have a place where I can sit for them to model the suits for me?" I asked.
"Uh, yeah. It's over here," she said as she pulled back a curtain, revealing a small lounge area with a couple of chairs and a dressing room with those swinging doors. She ushered us in and began to close the curtain.
I said, "That won't be necessary! Thanks, though." And then to the girls, "It seems like there's only one dressing room. So you two will have to share. Besides, you might need to help each other with that last one."
The girls headed to the changing room. As the doors swung closed behind them, I could hear whispering. I couldn't make out what they were saying. I pulled out my phone and gave them both a few quick pulses to about 75%. I could definitely hear their reactions to that! I left the vibes on at about 10% for now. It didn't take them long to change, considering the lack of clothes that they were wearing.
The doors swung open, and they sashayed out, holding hands. They were actually pretty modestly covered but very sexy-looking. The cut of the suit really showed off both Hanna's perky tits and Lana's succulent ass. They walked over and stepped up onto the small, round platform that was centered between three mirrors. This gave me and anyone near the fitting room area a great view of them from all sides. Maria had an almost front-row seat and was not bashful about looking. She didn't even notice the 20-something blond who was waiting to try on her suits until she said, "Miss?"
"I love the way these look on you both. But I need to see the white bikinis next."
"OK" from Hanna.
And a breathy "OK," from Lana.
As they went back into the dressing room, I noticed that Maria and the blonde were still at the desk, just watching. I motioned for them to come in. Maria shook her head and mouthed, "I have to stay here." But the blonde timidly walked in and stepped to the side of the curtain. I turned the vibrators up to 25%. I heard a couple of muffled "Oh God"s from the dressing room. Three minutes later, the doors opened again, and the girls came out with their arms around each other's waists. The white material was sheer enough that their erect nipples were quite visible. You could also see the outline of the toys in their pussies, along with the small LED that indicated that the toys were running. The girls then noticed their new admirer and blushed, but kept right on walking over the platform. They really looked sexy as twins! Especially with their matching chokers still in place.
I looked back at the blonde and Maria. They were both enthralled by the show. I told the girls, "OK. I think I like those even better. Go try on the last ones." We all watched as they went back into the dressing room.
It took them a bit longer this time. I'm sure it must have been tricky to get everything adjusted to stay in place. As soon as the doors swung open, I bumped the vibrators up to about 33%. Luckily, the girls were holding each other's waists again and were able to support each other as their knees got wobbly. The suits barely covered anything. You could see the edges of their nipples and most of the rest of their boobs. Their pussies were just barely covered, and the edges of the toys were quite apparent. The toys had the effect of holding the fabric away from their cunts. So as they walked past, you could actually see where the toy was parting their lips. From behind, they both appeared to be totally naked. When they were in position on the platform, I began to pulse the vibrators from 33% to 50%, eliciting some very sexy moans from them both. The sight of the two of them writhing together on the platform was very erotic.
I glanced back at Maria and the blonde. They both were staring intently at the platform, and each had a hand buried between their legs. I could see a slight motion from both of them. I turned the vibrations back down to a steady 25% so that the girls would be able to focus on what was going on. I saw Hanna notice the other girls and nudge Lana. They looked at each other and began a slow, sensual French kiss while their hands caressed their partner's exposed flesh. We watched as the two visitors quickly reached their climaxes.
I turned off the toys and said, "I think I've made my decision. Girls, you can change back into your regular clothes and bring the suits back out to Maria."
Our blonde friend walked over to Hanna and Lana and embraced them both, giving each an open-mouthed kiss, and said, "Thank you both. Or all three of you. That was so fucking hot!" Then she went into the changing room with them, and Maria and I could hear the distinct sounds of the three of them having a bit of fun. I knew that Hanna and Lana would be left "unfulfilled," but that the young blonde was in for a treat. Maria, who I guess had decided she could leave her post, and I walked over and pushed one of the doors open just enough so that we could see all three girls and their reflections in the mirror.
The blonde was seated on the bench, naked, with her legs spread wide. Hanna was hungrily lapping at her clit, while pushing at least three fingers in and out of her sopping cunt. Lana was sucking and pulling on her nipples. The blonde had one hand on Lana's barely-clad pussy and the other on the back of Hanna's head. I cranked the vibrations of the toys up to about 75%, and Hanna and Lana began to work over the blonde with a fervor that could only be described as desperation. It didn't take long for the blonde to tense up. She released her grip on both Hanna and Lana and grabbed the sides of the small bench. She arched her back and let out a soft cry, followed by a bucking motion and a spray of female juices all over Hanna's face. After about 15 seconds, she began to relax and pleaded, "Please stop; I can't take any more. Too good. Too good."
Hanna and Lana stopped their "assault" on our newest friend. Hanna stood and embraced Lana. Lana began to passionately kiss and lick all of the blonde's sweet cum off of Hanna. Meanwhile, their hands roamed freely over each other's nearly naked bodies. The blonde was still trying to regain her composure, but her eyes were glued to the two lovely ladies making out in front of her. I slowly decreased the vibrations down to about 10% and said, "You two need to get dressed; we still have at least one more stop to make." I closed the door and walked
I waited with Maria for the girls to return. In a few minutes, Hanna and Lana brought all six suits out to the desk, followed by the blonde carrying her one item. I took the six from Hanna and Lana and put them on the desk.
Lana said, "This is Bethany. We told her we'd treat her to the suit she had, as long as she got one like our last ones. Hers should be iridescent green."
"Maria, could you go get one like that for Bethany?"
"Sure. But I have to tell you, this was so fucking erotic, with them being almost naked yet not. And actually seeing the remote vibrators in their cunts made it even hotter. I couldn't help myself, and I had to get off right then. If you guys ever go out to play again, promise me you'll come here--pun intended." And with that, she hurried over to the rack and brought back the suit in iridescent green. "Do you want to try it on?"
Bethany said, "Can I do that at home and return it if it doesn't fit?"
"No problem. So, who's paying for what?" she asked.
All three girls looked at me and smiled with their most seductive looks. "I guess I am." I handed over my card to Maria. She rang it up and handed me the receipt to sign.
"I gave you guys a very special discount, seeing as you gave me something to remember," she explained.
The total was about half of what I expected, so I was happy. There was also another receipt in the bag with a message on it. It read, "Please call me whenever you want. ANY time!" followed by her number and a heart. I took the receipts and the bag and started to walk away from the counter.
Lana nudged me and said, "Hey, you have her suits in the bag. Shouldn't you give them to her?"
I answered, "Well, I figured that you and Bethany might be a little thirsty. Hanna, maybe not so much. So, I thought I'd buy you all a drink or two back at McAllen's." I grinned at Hanna. She blushed. "You up for that, Bethany? I know that Hanna and Lana are up for almost anything."
"I could go for a shot of tequila right now. Though it usually goes in the other order: shots, then craziness. But either way, I'm game. Do y'all have room for me in your car?" she replied.
Hanna answered, "Yeah, plenty of room. Let's go."
As we walked out to the car, with lots of stares, I wondered what the seating arrangements would be. There were a number of interesting possibilities. As we reached the car, Hanna said, "OK, it's my car, so I guess I'm driving again. How about ladies up front and Eric in the back?" She looked back at me for my reaction.
I shrugged and said, "It's not too far. So, sure, I can be lonely for a while. I'll live."
I climbed into the spacious (by today's standards) backseat from the driver's door. Hanna seated herself behind the wheel. Lana ushered Bethany into the middle of the front seat and followed her in. When both doors were closed and the convertible top lowered, Hanna called out "Here we go..." and started up the 70's Boulevard Barge.
After we were safely out of the parking space, I decided it was time for some more fun with the girls. I sync'd both toys in the app on my phone, turned them on, and then slowly ramped them up to about 20%. Hanna shot me a look in the rearview mirror that was a mixture of "NO!" and "I want MORE!" Lana just started wiggling in her seat.
Bethany looked at Lana and then at Hanna and said, "He turned them on again, didn't he? That's so cool. And so fucking hot. I wanna feel them." With that, I could see that she was extending her hand toward both girls' laps. "Ohhhh. That feels delicious. And I'm only feeling it from the outside. How are you two keeping it together? I'd be a puddle on the seat by now."
Because Hanna held our lives in her hands, I unsynchronized her vibrator and set it to 20%. I turned Lana's vibe up to 50% just as she was about to respond to Bethany, and all she could say was "Ohhhhh, ahhhhhhh!"
"How can you hold back from cumming?" Bethany asked Lana, her own eyes wide open in recognition of the sweet torture Lana's pussy was receiving. That feels so intense. And after The Body Shoppe, too! What are you, some kind of superwoman?
Lana was struggling to come up with words and finally gasped out, in a breathy, sultry voice, "Can't cum. Not. Sure. Why. So. Close. Oh God, I sure want to cum. I NEED to cum."
Bethany looked over at Hanna, who just nodded in agreement. Then she looked at me and said, "How are they not cumming like crazy? What's going on?"
I just shrugged and said, "I assure you, there's nothing they want to do more than cum. Isn't that right Lana?"
Lana just moaned, "Uhhhhhh huhhhh!"
Hanna said, "Oh God, yes. I need to cum like I've never cum before. I just can't seem to get there." She seemed to be driving a little more hurriedly now. We were almost at McAllen's
I looked back at Bethany and said, "And they will cum. Oh boy, will they! If you think you've seen something already, just wait till they finally get their release. I'm pretty sure it will be super-intense. Do you want to see that?"
"Well, uh, yeah. I do." she replied a bit sheepishly.
"OK, then. We are almost there; no pun intended." I replied as we were pulling into the parking lot. "Let's get parked and see if Krystal is still here. I sure hope so. Otherwise, we'll have to drive all the way home to finish our adventure."
As the car came to a stop in a spot near the front door of the pub, Lana and Hanna turned toward me with pleading eyes, as if to say, "Please let Krystal be here, PLEASE!" I turned both vibes back down to 10%, and we all began to pile out of the car. Lana was a bit wobbly, so I put my arm around her waist, Hanna took up position on my other side, and Bethany held Hanna's hand as we headed to the door.
...To Be Continued...