When she got home, she made herself a quick dinner. As she sat eating, she thought about the events at the gym. The exhilaration she felt at her relatively minor exhibition was addicting, and she wanted more.
She thought about Angela, although she'd never really had any thought about another woman, realized she was attracted to her, which she was pretty certain was mutual. The nipple ring sent interesting thoughts through her head, as did the brazenly shaved mound. Angela looked completely comfortable in her own skin, and it was clear she enjoyed being looked at. She hoped that she would see her intriguing redhead at the gym soon.
With a newfound purpose, she headed to her closet, looking for sexier clothes, both for work and "play." A short while later, she was profoundly disappointed. Her wardrobe was conservative to the point that there just wasn't much to work with. Luckily, she was well paid, and the internet beckoned. Credit card in hand, she proceeded to spend some of that hard earned money on some new clothes. Over the next week or so, she could expect a variety of fun items to show up.
Jenne decided to make a game of it, and decided she would enjoy playing dress-up as her new clothes arrived. Of course, she wasn't that patient, so she decided that she would have to make a shopping trip soon.
With a new course set, Jenne headed to bed, still nervous with pent up energy. She removed her sundress, hanging it over a chair, and reached for the long night-shirt she normally wore to bed. After a moment's consideration, she abandoned it, and headed to bed nude.
As she lay there with her eyes closed, she imagined Angela caressing her breast, her fingers lightly brushing her sensitive nipples. She wondered again at what sensations the nipple ring might produce. Immediately, she felt a warm glow, and with one of her hands gently cupping her breast, she reached down and started exploring the delicate folds of her sex. She began pinching her nipple hard as she could, thinking again of Angela's warm mouth sucking on her breast, while her other hand began firmly rubbing her clitoris.
Faster and faster, remembering a roomful of horny men seeing her bare ass framed in the doorway, until finally the tension was released, and she shuddered to a satisfying climax.
6:00 AM the next morning, the harsh sound of the alarm clock woke her up. As she got out of bed, she thought again of how she could make her day more interesting. She looked through her paltry wardrobe and made some careful choices. To start with, she found a white blouse that she hadn't worn to work, deciding it was to thin. "Well that's what it's all about" she reminded herself. She chose her sexiest white bra, one that was more lace than anything else and set it aside. She found a dark grey skirt that was shorter and tighter than most of those in her closet. Looking around, she found a pretty sexy pair of black high heels and set them out. No pantyhose today - it was getting warmer, and honestly hated wearing them anyhow. A pair of white lace panties completed the ensemble.
Outfit picked out, she headed to the shower. She smiled as she thought of Angela staring at her and then got cleaned up. She stepped out of the shower and turned her attention to hair and makeup. Normally, she wore fairly understated makeup, and her hair pinned up. "Hell with that" she thought, and sat down to make a bolder statement. She carefully made up her face, and after a quick grin, put on red lipstick that she'd bought a long time ago, but never worn. Pouting in the mirror, with her bare breasts pointed out, she felt like a sex goddess.
Hair down, she did little to tame the natural curls, making a much bigger statement than her usual prim bun.
She headed to the bedroom, and got dressed, bra first. She clasped the hooks between her breasts, and slipped on the thin blouse. A glance in the mirror showed that it was provocative, but not obvious that she was trying to show off. A seconds delicious thought on the matter, and she slipped the panties up her legs. She pulled on the skirt, tucked in the blouse and zipped it up in the back. Checking herself in the mirror, she was startled to see the incredibly sexy young woman looking back. Was that her? It must be, but it was a revelation. She slipped on the black heels, and admired how the accentuated her legs and her figure.
She was hot, there was no denying it.
After breakfast, she headed into her office, excited to see how the "New Jenne" would play out in the office.
Jenne was at work for two hours before the profound disappointment truly set in. While her girlfriends in her office were convinced there was a new man in her life ("No, not for over a year"), there was really very little reaction to how she dressed. If finally occurred to her that while it was racy for her, it was pretty much normal for a number of women in her office to dress in a similar way. She clearly needed to work a little harder at it.
After working through her project for a while, she decided that she needed to take another small step on the journey she began yesterday, with her sexy new bikini. She grabbed her purse, and headed for the ladies room. She entered a stall, reached under her skirt and quickly removed her panties. With a shiver of excitement, she headed back to her desk to make an appointment.
The cool office air reached her sex, making her distinctly conscious of the delicious secret nobody in the office was aware of. She immediately felt better, although concentrating until lunchtime suddenly seemed more challenging than before. As she sat at her desk, she was acutely aware of how short her skirt was. It was going to take a great deal of thought to keep from flashing people in the office...
Now THERE'S a thought... Her desk was positioned in such a way that if she wasn't careful, it was fairly simple to look up her skirt. All she needed to do was engineer another "accident" and she could innocently make any number of people's day brighter.
While she was thinking of her first "victim," she looked up a local boutique. She picked up the phone and dialed.
"Maria's Boutique, Lisa speaking, how can I help you?"
"Hi I'd like to schedule a full body wax. When do you have an appointment available?"
Glancing up, she blushed a little at the mail clerk's startled expression.
"That takes a little time, let me check the schedule."
A few minutes later, Lisa scheduled her for a 5:00PM appointment with Carrie.
"Thanks, see you then."
It was suddenly much harder to concentrate on work.
At lunchtime, she begged off eating lunch with her co-workers, as she had a much more exciting idea in mind. She got in her car, and drove to a store she'd passed by many time on the way to work, without ever thinking of stopping.
She pulled into the parking lot, and walked across to the painted over glass doors of the Adult store. She hesitated, glanced around, as if to reassure herself that nobody in sight was looking at her.
The buzzer went off as she entered, and a young goth-looking woman looked up at her a moment before going back to looking at her phone. Put off by the fact that she was in such a shop to begin with, she moved slowly and looked around.
There were thousands of DVDs, of every variety she could imagine, and many more that she couldn't. She'd never seen such a huge variety of sex related material in one place in her life. She walked down the aisle, looking at covers, looking at the walls, until she saw the section she was looking for. An incredible variety of sex toys faced her. From tiny little "pocket rockets" to intimidatingly large two headed dildos.
After carefully glancing around, she made a couple of purchases - a long thin vibrator, one called "The Rabbit," an interesting pair of panties with some extra attachments on the inside, and something that looked like a little egg.
As an afterthought, she picked up a couple of intriguing looking DVDs, girded up her courage, and nervously placed her purchases on the counter in front of the clerk.
The girl barely acknowledge her as she rang up her purchases. "That's $118."
She handed her six twenty dollar bills, the clerk put everything in a shopping bag and gave Jenne her change.
As she headed out the door, the called out to her and said "Have fun!"
Her day was now approaching surreal. On the exterior, it was a normal day, as far as her co-workers were concerned. On the inside, she'd made some big mental changes, and was in the process of making her life completely different. With her purchases and her panties safely locked in her trunk, she went back to finish her workday.
She was both dreading and really looking forward to her after-work appointment. It was another opportunity to break out of her mold, and the idea was making her distinctly horny.
She got back to her desk, and deliberately sat down in a way that caused her skirt to ride up farther than normal. While doing her work, she glanced around until a nice looking guy from down the hall was heading past her desk. He was a safe audience - good looking, but slightly geeky and pretty likeable. With an inward grin, she swiveled her chair to grab something behind her while opening her legs enough to make it look like an accidental peak. It was pretty clear that he got a pretty good look, because he suddenly had trouble keeping his composure, and moved on pretty quickly.
The rush was incredible. She picked up the useless document, and made a show of glancing at it than putting it back. The thrill of "innocently" exposing herself was amazing.
For the rest of the day, she noticed that Tom found many excuses to walk near her desk. She managed to return the favor twice more during the day.
When 4:30 came around, she was almost disappointed to leave. On one hand, she had several exciting possibilities for the near future, on the other, she had a fun workday.
Things were really looking up.