This is the third chapter in a story about a couple's adventures while vacationing in Denmark. The locations exist but the characters are fictional. In the first chapter, Paul is picked up by a woman in Copenhagen. In the second, Paul meets a couple along the North Sea coast near the tip of the Jutland peninsula. Each chapter stands on its own though is best read in order. In this chapter, Paul spends a night at a hostel while cycling across Denmark.
If you are a man reading this, please pass this story on to your wife, or partner, for her reading pleasure as well. I appreciate all constructive feedback - especially from women who are my favourite target audience.
CHAPTER THREE - AROUSED
Finally! A sign for the hostel. A few minutes later, I rounded a corner and a yellow, brick building surrounded by soccer fields appeared at the end of the street. I had been biking into the wind for the last two hours. I was looking forward to the end of what had become a strenuous ride.
I chained my bike to the rack near the front entrance, along side other bikes - all black - leaning at various angles. I removed my bags from the carrier, slung them over my shoulder and walked slowly to the front door. In a short time, I had the key to my room. As I walked down the wide hallway to my room, I debated whether I should shower first or have a beer. Opening the door, I found a clean, large room with two bunk beds, positioned directly across from each other separated by a wide window. There was a washroom off to the right. This is more than I need, I thought. I placed my bags on the lower bunk on the same side as the washroom and decided on a beer before the shower. I returned to the lobby where I had seen a vending machine with bottles of Carlsberg - only in Denmark! I deserved a beer or two after that ride!
As the receptionist handed me change for the vending machine, he asked "Everything fine?"
"Yes! I've got a lot of sleeping options" I said jokingly. "You don't have a smaller room with just one bed?"
"It's the last room we have available. Enjoy it!" he said with a shrug of his shoulders.
The lobby was starting to fill. A light hung down from the ceiling just 2 or 3 feet above each table. The chairs were made of thin, bent plywood in various bright colours - red, orange, yellow and blue - mounted on chrome frames. I sat down with my two beers at a table close to the front door and started to look at some local tourist literature. The first beer went down fast. I was on to my second when three, young women entered the lobby. The first two headed directly to the front desk while the third stood back looking around the room. Our eyes met. She smiled. I smiled back and returned to what I was reading.
I looked up again to find the two women - tall, thin blondes wearing tight jeans and loose-fitting blouses - still talking to the receptionist. He was shaking his head. They were looking a bit concerned. I looked over at the woman who was still standing back from the other two. She looked and dressed differently - a dark complexion and thick, wavy brunette hair that cascaded down over her shoulders. She wore a long, thin, cotton summer dress that hugged her curves. It looked as though she wasn't wearing a bra. She was looking about the room with her hands held behind her back twisting from side to side.
Our eyes met again. A warm smile broke out on her face. She waved as if we knew each other. She glanced over at the others, turned her face quickly back toward me, smirked, rolled her eyes, and shook her head - signalling her amusement with her friends. There was something sensuous about her - the way she carried herself, those full red lips, her curves. I became awash in mixed emotions - embarrassed at being excited by a woman half my age and confused at feeling shy. Was she flirting with me? Wishful thinking. I returned her smile, took a sip of my beer, and took out my maps.
I couldn't concentrate. Now and again, I looked up and stole glances of her. The third time, she caught me. She smiled. I smiled sheepishly in return and quickly lowered my head. She didn't seem uncomfortable with my attention. In fact, she seemed to enjoy it. But I could feel my face warming. I must be blushing. The two women returned to her. I watched them talk briefly before they all turned around and started walking to the door. She turned around and waved good-bye. She knew I'd be watching. I'm making a fool of myself. I waved and smiled meekly in return.
I finished marking out my route for tomorrow and returned to my room for a shower. I called Dana but there was no answer. I left her a message saying I was going to bed early tonight - that I'd call her in the morning. I found an Italian restaurant across the street from the hostel - perfect because I didn't want to go far. I ordered a pasta dish and a glass of red wine and was back at the hostel sitting down in the lobby reviewing my trip tomorrow when the three women came through the front door.
Just like the first time, the two women went up to the desk. The other woman stood back looking about the room. She saw me and waved. I nodded my head in recognition, smiled and returned to my maps. I didn't notice her walking between the tables toward me.
"Are you biking?" she asked.
Her voice startled me. I looked up as she bent down to see what I was reading.
"Yes! How'd you know that?" I asked.
"You're looking at a cycling map".
"Oh yeah...right" I said with a nervous chuckle.
"Pretty obvious" she said mockingly in a playful way. "Where are you headed?"
"Copenhagen. I came from Skagen today".
Her large brown eyes widened. "That's a long trip!"
She looped a long strand of dark curly hair back over her ear as she bent further down to look at my map. She seemed genuinely interested in my route. Her breasts - nestled in a yellow, lace, plunging bra - were unusually close to my face. She lingered. Was she doing this on purpose, I wondered? As she scanned my map, I became mesmerized by the rise and fall of her breasts as she breathed. I could feel the warmth of her breasts on my cheek.
Someone at the table beside us, pushed their chair back to stand up. The sharp sound of the chair leg on the concrete floor broke the spell. I moved my head back and toward the sound. She stood up straight and looked over at her friends.
Looking back toward me, she said "I told them to reserve a room, but they didn't."
"Oh, that's the problem."
"Yeah, we'll probably have to drive home after the game" she said with a shrug.
"Too bad. They gave me a room with four beds."
"Oh" she said. Her eyes narrowed as though she were thinking.
She noticed the other two gesturing for her to join them at the front desk.
"Nice meeting you," she said and left me as suddenly as she had arrived.
I watched the three women talking. The woman I had spoken with said something to the other two. She nodded her head in my direction. The faces of the other women turned serious. They slowly looked over in my direction and then back at each other. There was some more talk. The receptionist was standing behind the counter just a few feet from them. He was listening to their conversation. Suddenly, his eyes widened. A smile broke out on his face. One woman turned to the receptionist and said something. He leaned his head to one side, shrugged his shoulder and nodded, then looked over at me.
What's happening now? It's none of my business. I returned to my maps. A moment later, I sensed someone coming toward me. I looked up to find the young brunette who I had spoken to earlier looking down at me. The other two women were standing behind her. I must have looked like one big question mark.
"We were wondering..." she looked back at the others. Out of the corner of my eyes, I could see the receptionist looking our way with a bemused smile.
"Yes?" She was obviously a bit uncomfortable.
"Well, we were wondering whether..." She hesitated again. "... you'd be willing to share your room?"
"Oh! With who?"
As soon as I asked, I realized it was a pretty stupid question. She didn't answer. She just stood there with her head titled to one side and a smirk on her face.
"Well...I don't know" I stammered trying to collect my thoughts. "I'm planning to get to bed early tonight...".
"We promise not to make any noise. We're going out to watch a game. We're here to see a handball game. We'll be back by around 11. We'll try not to wake you."
"Is that...you know...OK with reception?" I asked looking over at the front desk. The receptionist was still watching us with that bemused look.
"Sure. So long as you're...OK with it. He said it's your room. We just have to pay for the beds."
"Well, OK, I guess. I could leave the door unlocked."
Her face brightened. The other two looked quite relieved and smiled at each other.
"Thanks so much! We promise to be quiet when we get back" she repeated. Turning to the others, she almost shouted "Let's bring our things in and get to the game".
I walked with them up to the receptionist and asked for another key. I handed her the key to the room and watched them walk out to their car for their luggage. I looked back at the receptionist. He just raised his eyebrows, smiled, and shook his head before turning around. It had all happened so quickly. Thoughts started flowing through my mind as the reality of the situation was coming into focus. How am I going to make it to the washroom at night? I'm going to keep them up with my snoring. God, this is going to be embarrassing.
The women returned with their small suitcases. I watched them walk down the hallway to my room. They returned to the lobby. The young woman I had spoken to walked up to where I was sitting reading a book. I looked up.
"Thanks again for doing this" she said.
"No problem. I'll leave the door unlocked" I replied feeling a bit like a parent.
"We won't be late. See you later!" she said with a wink and quickly turned around.
What was that? Did she just wink at me? I watched her walk out the door.
When I got back to the room, I noticed they had claimed their beds. My bags had been moved to the top bunk across from the washroom. Geez, I've got further to go to the washroom, I thought.
About three hours later, I heard loud whispering and muffled laughter outside my door. The door slowly opened, and the three, young women entered quietly without turning on the lights. I froze not wanting them to know I was still awake. It would just complicate things I thought.
The one I had spoken with took the upper bunk across from me. The other two took the lower bunks. The woman directly below me was the first to go to the washroom. After a few minutes, the door opened. I could see her reflection in the full-length mirror mounted on the inside of the bathroom door. She was wearing only panties while combing her hair in front of the mirror above the sink.
I remained perfectly still in my bed, watching, when the second woman - also only in panties - stood in front of the bathroom door mirror and started brushing her hair. I savoured the moonlit scene before me - long bare legs, narrow waists, firm small breasts with erect nipples coming in and out of view. Like Greek goddesses, I thought. I feared making a noise and destroying the moment. I decided it was best to close my eyes before they turned around.
Shortly after I heard the two women return to their beds, the woman across from me in the upper bunk, climbed down and went to the washroom. The door clicked shut behind her. A few minutes later, I heard it open. Like the others, she began combing her hair while facing the mirror above the sink. She was Rubenesque - full, firm breasts with wide, dark chocolate coloured aureoles. Her panties rode high on her wide hips accentuating her hourglass figure.
Every now and again, she turned her head toward the mirror on the bathroom door and adjusted her position slightly. I felt as though she was looking directly at me when she moved the bathroom door a bit wider. I could now see her full body in the mirror. Her breasts moved with each stroke of her hair. My cock - pressed between my leg and the mattress - began to thicken. I adjusted my body slightly causing my bed to creak. Her head turned quickly to the mirror on the door. I could see the smile on her face. It was as though she was directly looking into my eyes. I quickly closed mine. I shouldn't be watching, I thought.
A few minutes later, I heard her step on to the bunk bed ladder directly across from me. I opened my eyes slowly. Her wide hips swiveled from side to side as she climbed the ladder. At the top, her round cheeks wiggled while she adjusted her pillow. She threw her duvet to the side and climbed into bed. I closed my eyes. The show was over. Time to get some sleep.
I had just dozed off when I was awoken by the sounds of keys tapping sharply on a keyboard. I opened my eyes to an eerie blue light illuminating her face. As my eyes adjusted, I could see her sitting upright in the corner of the upper bunk, facing me, wearing a loose, white T-shirt. A laptop was resting between her crossed legs.
She pushed her duvet to the side, lifted the laptop off her lap and placed it directly on the mattress in front of her. She raised herself up on one knee and stretched the other out in front of her. With an eye to the screen, she reached forward and lowered it slightly. She sat erect and placed one hand between her legs. Her other hand gripped her breast and began making circles. Her right leg spread wider and her upper body pushed forward toward the screen. She drew in a heavy breath and smiled nervously. She seemed ready. Someone was going to get a nice show, I thought to myself.
I heard the typical Skype chime announcing a call. She startled and quickly reached for the computer. A tap on the screen stopped the sound mid ring. A smile quickly broke out on her face. She waved at the screen. Her eyes darted for a quick moment above the screen toward me. She breathed in deeply and exhaled slowly as she leaned back. She reached for the long strands of dark hair that had fallen down over her breasts and threw them back over her shoulders.
She rose slightly and, coquettishly, twisted her shoulders back and forth causing her breasts to jiggle beneath her T-shirt. You could see her hardened nipples tenting the thin, white fabric. She looked over in my direction again and then quickly back at the screen. She licked her lips - then bit her lower lip lightly. She appeared uncertain as to her next move. She slowly cupped her breasts with both hands and squeezed tightly. Letting go, she leaned forward toward the screen and pulled down on the collar of her T-shirt. She shook her breasts just inches away from the screen before sitting back up. Her upper body shook as she giggled to herself nervously.
She grabbed the bottom of her T-shirt with both hands and raised it slowly, revealing her tight stomach and belly button. Her upper body twisted as she continued to raise her T-shirt. The undersides of her breasts were now showing. Then, unexpectedly, she lowered the T-shirt. Pretending to have changed her mind, she pursed her lips and shook her head mockingly at the screen. She smiled and shifted herself further back into the corner. She was reminding me a bit of the burlesque routines Dana and I had seen.
Better supported, she rose on her knees and removed her T-shirt in one quick motion. My eyes widened. She remained still proudly displaying her full, firm breasts. I wanted to reach out - to feel their weight - their warmth - in the palms of my hands. She threw her T-shirt into the opposite corner of the bed and cupped her breasts with each hand. As she began tugging on her nipples, her head rose. She squeezed tighter and savoured the sweet pain with closed eyes. It was as though a switch had been thrown inside her.
Her left hand slipped underneath the waist band of her white panties. I could hear her fingers stirring in her juices. Her upper body spasmed as she gripped her left breast with her other hand. Her aureoles had formed into a narrow, oval shape. Her nipples looked hard rubber - thick, long and dark. She raised herself up on her knees to remove her panties. She must have just shaven! She threw her panties in the same direction as the T-shirt and reached down with both hands. She slid her fingers between her lips and spread her juices over her bare, swollen mound. She seemed fascinated by how her wet skin glistened in the light from the screen.
Leaning back supported by her right arm, she brought two very wet fingers up close to her face and winked to the screen. Her juices hung in strands like cobwebs reflecting in the moonlight. Her tongue darted out from her mouth and captured them. She lowered her hand back down between her legs and inhaled deeply as she inserted a finger up inside her. Her upper body stiffened pushing her breasts forward.
Her eyes now had a glazed looked. The room was quiet except for her occasional deep breathing. I could hear her juices being stirred by her fingers as she played with herself. She was obviously flooded with excitement. Her eyes closed as she pressed two fingers between her legs. She began to move them in and out. She bit down on her lip as her head fell back. Her body began to shake. She grimaced as the pleasure rose inside her. I noticed her hips thrusting forward in the opposite direction of her fingers and her right-hand gripping even tighter on to her breast. A few strands of her hair hung down over her left breast glued to it by a thin coat of perspiration that began to sparkle in the moonlight.
Her head tilted backwards, and her hand clenched her breast as her body stiffened. Her shoulders shook and I could hear her gasp as her legs began to squeeze around her hand. Her upper body began to jerk uncontrollably as the palm of her hand pressed hard against her mound and rubbed frantically. Her upper body began to move, slowly, in a circular motion and then froze. She looked over at me blankly. Her eyes rolled up into her head and her body collapsed into itself, again and again, shaking violently.
Her legs spread as she leaned slowly back against the wall. She was panting quietly, and a smile slowly spread on her face. She looked down at the screen and smiled. Her lips kissed the palm of her hand and she waved weakly. She nodded her head then tapped a key and closed the screen. The blue light from the screen was gone but the moonlight acted as a spotlight on her. She looked over in my direction, drew a deep breath and smiled.
I watched her move the laptop to the side and settle into bed. She laid on her side with her knees drawn up into her chest. It wasn't long before she was sound asleep leaving me with images of what had just happened flashing in my mind. My cock was hard and oozing. I reached down and squeezed it. I thought of masturbating. It had been years. I decided that it would make too much noise. I just had to get to sleep. I rolled over on to my stomach and felt a sharp pain. My hard cock was in the way. I reached down and moved it to the side. Laying directly on it gave me some pleasure.
I fell into a deep sleep and began to dream.
---
I was walking through a forest and came to a clearing filled with mushrooms. On the other side of the clearing, Dana was being led to a tree by a tall dark man dressed in black. Dana wore a long loose-fitting, white cotton dress. She walked proudly but I could notice some nervousness. He stopped and turned around to face her. She stood still prepared to submit herself to him. He reached out and slid one strap off her shoulder. As he cupped her cheek, he slid the other strap off her shoulder. Her dress fell to the forest floor exposing her full breasts, narrow waist, and wide hips. The full moon acted like a spotlight on her fit, hourglass figure. A full bush of dark pubic hair starkly stood out between her legs. She stood tall and erect - proud - as he placed a blindfold over her eyes. He whispered in her ear. She nodded.
Other couples who I didn't recognize quietly entered the clearing and stood watching. He wrapped Dana's wrists in black leather restraints then lifted her arms above her head and tied them both with a piece of rope to a branch high up on a tree. As he crouched, he ran his fingers slowly down along the inside of her thigh. He placed another restraint on her ankle. He then slid a rope through a ring on the restraint and tied her ankle to a fallen tree nearby. Sliding the full palm of his hand slowly down the inside of her other thigh, he gently tapped the inside of her calf. Instinctively, Dana spread her legs wider. He placed a restraint on that ankle as well and tied it to another log on the forest floor.
Dana was now suspended from the tree with her upper body leaning forward, large round ass arched to the sky and breasts thrust forward. Her nut-brown nipples stood erect revealing her excitement. Dana struggled to maintain her balance but eventually surrendered by leaning forward and allowing her upper body to hang from the ropes. She held her head high anticipating his next touch.
He slid his fingertips along the inside of her thighs as he rose to stand behind her. Her entire body trembled at his touch then slackened as he stood back. He reached forward and gripped her mound in the palm of his hand. He squeezed gently three times. Then, without releasing his grip, he slowly lifted her body upward. She groaned. He lowered her gently. Still standing behind her, he caressed her upper body. She stiffened to his touch. He reached around and squeezed her breasts. Her mouth opened widely as she exhaled. Her head rose backwards toward him as her back arched.
His hands resumed tracing her curves - over her waist and hips again and again. His hands circled her round ass and every so often reached down to the inside of her upper thighs. He spanked her unexpectedly, lightly on the ass. She groaned and stuck her ass out asking for another. He spanked her again on the other cheek. It was obvious she wanted more. He slapped each cheek again. This time much harder. I could see her cheeks reddening. Dana's head began slowly making circles - a tell tale sign she was in ecstasy.
His focus turned to her breasts. He squeezed her nipples with his thumb and forefinger. Her chest rose and her body twisted. He gently pulled her breasts away from her body by her nipples and released. She exhaled and her body slumped. He wrapped his arms around her and cupped her breasts in his hands. She leaned into him seeking his warmth in the cool air. He stood back and ran the bristles of a hairbrush lightly over her breasts and along the side of her chest and ass.
I watched a thick, silk thread slowly ooze down from between her legs - then another and another. As they fell to the forest floor, they swayed from side to side sparkling in the diffused light. He reached between her legs with his hand and wrapped a long, thick thread of her juices around two of his fingers. He brought them to Dana's mouth and pressed them to her lips. She opened wide. He slid the fingers slowly into her mouth and began moving them back and forth.
While doing this, he placed his other hand on her ass. It rose in response. He removed his fingers from her mouth and gently pulled her outer lips apart by holding onto each lip with a thumb and forefinger. She began to rock back and forth. He slowly inserted two fingers inside her. She gasped. Her ass arched and pushed back in his direction. She wanted more - harder. He inserted three fingers and began to rhythmically move them back and forth inside her.
Her head rolled from side to side. She was trying to curl inside out but the restraints held her back. Her body began to shake. Then suddenly - unexpectedly - she began to orgasm and couldn't stop. She roared as her body writhed within the restraints. Her ass continued to push back against his touch. He didn't stop. She began to grunt - like an animal.
---
I awoke suddenly from my dream startled by a sound from directly below.
My head was in the corner of my mattress which lay several inches from the wall. I could see down to the bunk below. She was lying on her back, her body writhing and her head rolling from one side to the other. One hand was between her legs under the duvet and another was above her head with her hand clenched tight to the corner of her pillow. She was staring straight up at the bottom of my bunk with a glazed look. Her eyes suddenly rolled into the back of her head as her body began to shake. I could hear her muffled moans, heavy breathing and fingers rubbing wildly between her legs. Her body contracted sharply several times causing the bed to creak loudly as she succumbed to her orgasm. A moment later, as her body slowly relaxed, she looked frantically about the room. Satisfied that no one had witnessed her pleasure, she relaxed, turned to her side, and fell back asleep.
I rolled onto my side away from the wall. I felt a cold wet patch on the sheets where my pre-cum had spread throughout the night. My cock was hard again. My tip was slippery wet. I reached down and gripped my stiff shaft. A pleasant feeling rained down through my legs. I rolled on to my stomach and pressed myself into the mattress. What was I going to do? The room was quite light now. I looked at my watch. It was almost 6:30. I decided to get going. I wasn't going to be able to sleep any longer. Masturbating was out of the question. But how was I going to make it to the washroom without being seen?
I quietly removed the bed sheets and pillow cover and folded them before putting them into my bike bag. I pushed my bike bags and clothes close to the edge of the bed, pulled on my bike shorts. I positioned my hard shaft upwards hoping that the shorts would pin it tightly against my body. I climbed down the ladder with my shaft rubbing against every rung on the way down. I hid my erection with my hand and walked, hunched over slightly, across the room to the washroom.
Safely in the washroom with the door closed, I showered and dressed. When I came out, the room was still quiet. I could hear the three women breathing lightly. I reached for my bike bags. I exited into the hallway closing the door quietly behind me. I drew a deep breath. Then looked down. The outline of my erection was more than obvious in my tight bike shorts.
I looked nervously up and down the hallway.