One warm and lazy Sunday in June, my wife (Julia) and I (Henrik) packed our books and sun lotion, bought a couple of ciders and hopped on our bicycles to ride to Pihlajasaari beach. Pihlajasaari is a cute little island near Helsinki and is the best option for sunbathing if one doesn't want to leave the capital region.
Fortunately, or unfortunately, we have a flatmate who never leaves the house. He is a freelance programmer and also a professional couch potato. I swear he has seen all that Netflix and Youtube can offer. So no surprise, Julia and I were frustrated not only because we couldn't have a moment alone at home, but because we were unable to freely make love during the day. Therefore, going to the beach and seeing each other semi-naked seemed the best next option.
Julia and I are a bit childish and love foolish things. So immediately after getting to the beach, we started making a sand castle. After making our glorious and elaborate castle, during which I swear we had four or five kids helping us making it, Julia buried me in the sand next to the castle. It was supposed to be a LOTR reference to burial mounds of Rohan. She took some photos hastily and then yanked me out without explanations. She took me further up the beach to a quieter place and buried me again.
"I don't get the reference. What's this about?" I said.
She looked about to make sure there was no one around. She released her gorgeous tits from her bikini and placed them on my face to suck on them.
"Mmmm never mind the reference" I said.
"Yessss baby, I have always wanted to chain you up and push myself on you." She said.
Julia then took several fantastic selfies with me buried in her chest. I don't think she wanted to be caught showing herself off though. She put her bikini on and put her eyeglasses on my face, gave me a huge wet kiss and left me there and went for a swim. Julia is a fish and I am a terrible swimmer so I don't usually accompany her for swimming.
When Julia left, I started wiggling to free myself from the sand. I wanted to get my cider and lie under the warm sun. Believe it or not, even in June, warm days are rare in Finland.
As I was struggling, a guy from behind me cheerfully said in English "Thanks for the show".
Another person giggled. I got baffled and annoyed. Baffled because I thought Julia made sure no one saw, and annoyed because I was sure those two were drunk.
Typical Finns among many things are very reserved and shy in starting and maintaining a conversation. They talk when they are drunk and by drunk I mean suuuuuuuper drunk. One other reason I thought he was drunk was because he used English instead of Finnish. Last thing I wanted to do on that sunny and beautiful day was to engage in ramblings of two drunk people.
I turned around and to my surprise saw (what I think was) a Middle Eastern or Southern European couple. That explained it all. I smiled, but didn't offer an answer. I was relieved I was not dealing with drunk people and got extremely excited by their beauty. The man was tall and handsome (despite his full of grease hair) and the woman was all legs; olive skin. Her long, curly black hair was not from this world. I find staring at women degrading, but I don't know what had gotten into me at that moment.
"It was beautiful," the man said with a grin. He bit his lips and the woman giggled again.
I was so stunned I simply could not find words to talk. They were sitting next to each other like Greek statues. I guess the woman assumed I found them rude and was wiggling myself out fast to pick up a fight because her expression changed.
"He is joking." She said with a sweet smile.
And then said something to him in their language, which I gathered was something like let's go. The man rolled his eyeballs and started picking up their bag and blanket. I suddenly realized that I had been rudely staring at them and that caused them to fear the worst.
"No need to go. I just got very surprised to see you. We didn't realize you were here" I said very sympathetically.
"Oh, good. After seeing you we were about to get naked in solidarity." He said for his own amusement. She seemed bored of his jokes. I smiled however.
"Well, you can. There is a nudist part on the beach too." I said.
"Seriously?" He asked.
"Go to the entrance and look for Nakuranta". I replied.
I stood up and waved goodbye at them. They said goodbyes very loudly and energetically. I headed back towards the castle we had made. Our blanket was around there. I needed a drink badly. After some steps I looked back. They looked even more fabulous from a short distance.
I sat down, laughing to myself at this mishap when Julia came back. Julia was out of breath and wanted to take a nap. She lied down on her chest and opened her bra, and asked me to rub sun lotion on her. Watching her side boobs while pressing my hands against her bare skin was super hot; There were a lot of families around, so I resisted the temptation of lying on top of Julia or slapping her ass. My imagination was running wild though, and I was getting a light boner. I kind of wished our new acquaintances were there to watch. I started telling Julia about what happened, but she was already dozing off.
I drank all the ciders while Julia slept and got very thirsty. I wanted water, but had no water in the bottle. I had poured it all on Julia while we were being silly. I got up to go to the café by the entrance of the island. On my way there, I saw a sign that read nude beach. Curiosity got the best of me. I decided to go to the nude beach after visiting the cafe. I kind of hoped to see that couple there naked. I didn't know what to expect there. I had an itch for an unknown eroticism.
After the cafe, I walked past the sign and continued down that path for quite some time. Having an ice cream was a bad idea since I was getting thirsty again. I ended up in an area secluded on one side by trees and on the other by water. I saw no one and finally gathered up the courage to take off my trunks. I wandered along the beach line, naked and praying that my cock doesn't get fully erect. It is very strange how being naked on a beach or a sauna can be sexual or asexual depending on the moment.
I walked to the water. There were some loners sunbathing. Mainly buff men. I continued walking, still hoping to find that sexy couple.
"Maybe I have come too far... or not far enough". I said to myself.
Nevertheless, I decided to go back since I didn't want Julia to worry about me (as I said I am not a good swimmer). That said, I was very disappointed with not finding my friends. Instead of tracing back my steps and seeing the same naked men sunbathing (which can be erotic for some) I have decided to cut through the trees. I passed several big rocks by the tree lines, when I suddenly caught a glimpse of a random couple sheltering in their shadows. They were less than 20 meters away. As I walked past them I realized they were having sex. The male was caressing his partner's back, and was reaching between her legs. They couldn't care less about me being there. I felt a sudden chill running down my spine. I continued walking and pretended I did not see them. But how could I resist? It's not everyday when something this crazy happens. I turned my head again. The woman had parted her legs fully and allowed her lover to finger her. The man seemed to have noticed me by then. He said something to his partner and she turned her head and looked at me too. But they seemed not to care. He was still fingering her. This was very exciting and scary at the same time. My cock was throbbing, but I decided not to look back at them. Fear and a weird feeling that I was cheating won this round. A couple of meters later though, with my cock still hard and swollen, I decided to just hide behind a rock nearby and watch them. My cock was in charge and I followed its orders. I hid to watch this incredibly fantastic act.
The couple were now facing each other. His erection was clearly visible. She reached over and stroked him while he fingered her pussy. He continued to finger her harder. I was having a blast stroking my hard cock as I watched. Soon she started moving her hips and was pushing against his hand. I looked around to make sure no one was around. Public sex is illegal in Finland and on top of that, I was being a creep. This was not right. I decided to make sure they knew I was present. I slowly traced my steps back and sat somewhere they could both see me. The man laughed. I wasn't close enough to hear it, but I was sure it was from embarrassment. My presence clearly was novel for them too. They probably liked being caught by me, but didn't expect me to stay or come back. I think they talked about the same thing, and just when I decided to get up and go, the woman looked at me and waved at me to join them. I freaked out. I bowed to say thank you and waved goodbye and left them.
You guessed it. They were not embarrassed that I went back, they were deciding whether to have a threesome or not. I didn't even look back. I felt if I stayed I would have joined them and cheated on Julia.
All the way back I was arguing with myself. "Was what I did cheating? No, but it isn't not cheating either! I was engaged in a sexual act without Julia's knowledge and consent. But what about watching porn?"
I rushed back to tell Julia about what I had seen and what I had done. Julia was still sleeping. I sat down and she grabbed my hand and pulled me closer to her. I lied down and spooned her until I fell asleep too...
When we woke up, we dressed up to go back home. I suggested that. I feigned I had a headache. The guilt was killing me and I already wanted to tell Julia what I have done. She sensed something was going on. When we reached the cafe, I couldn't hold it in anymore. I confessed what had happened earlier. Julia laughed at me.
"Sweet baby, why do you feel so guilty?" she said.
"I don't know what I would have done if I stayed." I replied hastily.
"Baaaaaby," she laughed again, "Why are you so rigid about sex? You could have stayed to watch, jerk off or even talk."
"But what if I joined? They wanted me to join" I said with an excitement that surprised me.
"I would have felt betrayed and left out. And I think you know that and precisely because of that you wouldn't have joined in. But why do you think about the worst option? You could have just enjoyed the sexual moment in other ways."
"What would you have done?" I asked in surprise.
"I would have watched and thanked them. Come on baby! All this guilt and rules are in your own head. You don't even make noise or spank me at home because you are afraid Akseli (our flatmate) might hear us during sex." She reasoned.
I didn't say anything.
She hugged me closely and said "Clearly you enjoyed what you have seen and wanted more. What's the shame in that?"
There was a lot going on in my head, but I couldn't find the words to express them. The feeling was unclear to myself too.
We decided to have a cup of coffee in the cafe and ordered a piece of pie because Julia was starving. We talked about different things and at some point checked our phones. When suddenly Julia started cooing because of the "motorboating" photos earlier.
"How do you like me to tie you down when we go home?" she asked.
"I would lo..." before I finished my sentence I remembered that I had completely forgotten to tell Julia about the couple who had seen us motorboating earlier.
Julia showed the photos to me and said "I understand them, we look damn sexy... ahhh but is this why you went to the nude beach?"
"I think so... my god my cock is harder than ever right now." I replied.
"Grrr...should we go home and ..." she said and then paused to add quickly "Should we go to the nude beach instead and fuck like rabbits?"
I could cum right there. Julia seemed very excited too. We hastened to our bicycles (I don't know why! I cannot remember what prompted that) and rode past the nude sign. Julia took off her t-shirt and bra half way. The whole thing was super silly, rather than erotic: her boobs were bobbing up and down in a funny way. At some point the path turned into sand and it was not good for riding bicycles, but neither of us wanted to go back. We just realized that we could be freely naked next to each other. This feeling is sexual and daring, but is different from sex. It is an exciting and rewarding adventure. So we locked the bicycles and decided to walk naked among the trees.
Taking all of our clothes off, however, changed the erotic moment to intense sexual tension. Or maybe the prospect of having sex soon did that. It was so tense that Julia stopped taking selfies. As soon as we walked some steps among the trees, Julia started rubbing my cock. I couldn't take it anymore. I pinned her against a tree and we started kissing. She opened her legs so I could finger her. She was insanely wet. I easily pushed two fingers in. She was moaning while we were kissing.
"Turn me around and slap me!" she demanded.
I slapped her ass twice "is that enough?" I replied teasingly.
"Harder!" She cooed.
My mind melted, I got an animal. I slapped her ass so hard the smack made her hiss loudly. I pushed her on her knees to force my cock in her mouth. We were full of lust. We hadn't been this animated for a long time. Was the reason the possibility of being caught or was it the fact that we could finally make as much noise as we wanted to? I grabbed Julia's head and started face fucking her. She was fingering herself while sucking me.
I turned her around and pushed her on all fours to be able to slap her ass again. Julia was very turned on.
"Fuck me hard baby...do you like me when I am slutty?" she asked.
"I love my little slut." I said.
"I love to be your slut" she said as I slapped her again and again.
With my other hand I was fingering her pussy. She parted her legs a bit more and allowed me to ravage her wet pussy with three fingers. I kept finger fucking her as Julia raised her bottom slightly into the air and pressed against my hand with each thrust.
"Why don't you put it in me?" She said, but then turned towards me.
As Julia went on her knees to suck me one last time before penetration, I realised that we had an audience. Our acquaintances from the beach were standing a polite distance away. As Julia worked my cock with her hands and mouth, I informed her that people were watching us. She moaned audibly and looked into my eyes. I don't think she believed me. I think she thought I was playing my fantasy.
"Do you want to show your slut to them?" she asked.
"Baby I am serious." I said.
"Well, do you mind?" she said slightly annoyed at me. "We are nearly done."
Her horny cock sucking face cleared any shadow of a doubt that she wanted me inside her. Why was I overthinking this? Why did I want to make sure everyone was ok all the time? Julia turned around to look at them.
"Wow they look beautiful." she said while fingering herself distractedly.
She then went on her fours waiting for me. Our friends meanwhile got themselves comfortable. They had put a blanket next to a tree and now were sitting next to each other masturbating. I lowered myself to enter Julia. She put her head down and I began pounding her from behind. I avoided eye contact with our friends in the beginning. But as the woman started sucking him, I watched and hastened my rhythm. Julia's mouth opened and she started breathing hard. Her face was contorted with lust. We paced up our fucking and started talking loudly so the other couple could hear us.
"Fuck me harder!" Julia demanded.
"Let them see how slutty you can be!" I said without knowing what I was expecting.
Julia knew though. She lay me down and started riding me using her knees and then asked me to put a finger in her mouth as if she was sucking another cock.
"Ahhhhh yeah" we heard the man say.
I couldn't see what they were doing anymore, but now Julia was cupping her tits and being extremely slutty. That day we unleashed something crazy in us.
"He is fucking her so good... yeah... yeah... fuck me harder!" Julia said.
I could only hear the woman moaning (a deep guttural sound) and I kept Julia's ass while meeting her thrusts.
"I am cumming baby" I declared.
"Slap me and cum... cum baby...cum inside me...ahhhhh" she said.
She rode me until it was not possible anymore. She collapsed on me and we embraced each other's sweaty bodies. I was ashamed to move or look around. My orgasm was amazing. I never had such an orgasm. It was a long one, and I felt there were too many beads of cum. And very strangely I was feeling guilty of this pleasure. Julia was not moving, however, because she had no more energy in her thighs to get up.
I think the other couple sensed my shyness and decided to give us a moment. Julia rolled over and went behind a tree to wash her pussy. Having sex on a beach is not the best of ideas. I had sand everywhere. For some reason I thought our friends were gone. But when I sat up and looked behind, I realised they were still there. He was thrusting her from behind in a slow, but very hard rhythm, and she was moaning everytime their bodies met. As he saw me look at them, he smiled and grabbed her hair to lift her head. She saw me looking and just like Julia started cupping her tits with one hand.
I felt Julia soon standing behind me. She was caressing my hair. He nodded to Julia and to my surprise she complied and started cupping her tits. That pushed him to the edge. He started fucking his partner fast and sending her to the moons too. He then took out his glistening cock from her pussy and came on her back. She was looking at us so theatrically, that I fell in love with that contorted, erotic face. She then turned around and kissed him passionately.
The man kissed her one last time and came towards us. He had no guilt or shame. His hand stretched already to shake my hand and Julia's. He thanked us and praised our beauty (?) and said a funny sentence that makes Julia and I laugh out loud
"You fuck like it cancer cure depends on you." he said.
We laughed (although not sure what that sentence means) and he laughed and his partner was embarrassed a bit for and by him. She came forward too and said he is crazy and apologized. She was very sweet. We all walked to the sea together. She needed to wash and I was burning with sand rubbing between my thighs and ass. I couldn't get my eyes off of her, and Julia and the man had a similar connection.
We will call them Mary and Tom. It turned out they often come to Helsinki because of her work (she is a line manager at a Finnish company in their own country and travels to Helsinki every three months).
Tom was a free and unabashed man. He put his arm through mine and Julia's and walked in between us until we reached the sea. He said a lot of funny and stupid things. In the sea he started chasing after us and splashing water at us. To his credit, he kissed Mary every chance he got. I have never met a man like him in my life.
They offered to drive us home. They had a rental car with bicycle racks on the roof (sometimes I love living in Finland). We accepted their offer and invited them for dinner. Julia and I discussed in Finnish that we can make food for them since they are staying in a hotel and show them around the day after. They loved the idea.
And on the way to their car we understood why. Obviously Mary's Finnish colleagues had always been too shy/cold/unsocial (whatever the reason, a lot of us Finns turn out unable to be socially gifted) to ever show her around.
At some point during the ride however, something started gnawing at me. "Do they expect more than just dinner?" I tried to not let guilt enter my mind, but I was thinking to communicate with Julia that they might want to watch us again.
"And why not?" Julia responded.
End of part one