It had been two weeks since my trip to the waxing salon. I hadn't thought about anything else since then. I kept thinking about how free I felt sitting on the table in the salon, naked, while so many people were allowed to walk up and view me. I wanted to believe that all those women were concerned for my well being and wanted to be sure I was being taken care of. Never mind the fact that I was naked in the middle of the shop. It was allowed there. I was in the salon and they did their waxings behind a simple privacy screen. That's the way they do it at this salon. They were not very concerned about privacy.
I like to keep myself well groomed all over. So I had been thinking about getting a Brazilian wax for some time. I am kind of short at 5'7", but in very good shape. I'm an athlete. I go to the gym regularly and stay thin and strong. I drive past a strip mall with a nail salon on a busy road on my way to work each day. The sign in the window says they do hair, nails, and waxing. I had stopped in a few weeks ago to ask if they did bikini waxing for men. You can read about my first visit in my earlier post.
All I've been thinking about since my first visit is returning for another waxing treatment. I've been kind of obsessed. I thought about it while I was at work, at the gym, and at home. And when I was home, the memory of being waxed and handled in the public area of the salon was fuel for me to masturbate. Why was that so exciting to me? It wasn't just the idea that a pretty Asian girl had handled my penis in such a clinical way. It was that she'd done it in the shop, with relatively no privacy. I was basically sitting in the middle of the shop, naked, behind a small white screen. And all the other clients in the shop were allowed to walk around the screen and have a look at me.
At first I was embarrassed. When one of the clients came around the screen and asked if I minded, I was like a deer in headlights. But I said it was ok. I don't know why I did that. I could have protested. But when she asked, I looked at my waxing attendant and she nodded approval. So I went along and said it was ok. Soon several of the other customers joined the first and I had an audience. I was embarrassed and excited at the same time. And I had a huge erection which dripped precum every time my waxing girl moved my penis around. I wanted to masturbate but I somehow controlled myself. I had been masturbating at home almost nonstop thinking about the experience.
I couldn't wait to return. It had been two weeks and my pubes were starting to grow back. I decided it was time to stop off at the salon for another treatment.
This time the store was very busy. I had to wait in the front of the salon. When I walked in there was a different girl at the reception area and she asked how she could help. She looked to be about 18 years old, very cute, with long brown hair and green eyes. There were several women sitting in the reception area also waiting for their salon treatment. I was embarrassed to tell her I was there for a Brazilian wax. I don't think she had ever arranged a waxing like that for a man. She went back and got the girl who had waxed me last time. When she saw me she said "you want the same waxing as last time?" She seemed happy to see me and told the receptionist to schedule me. I was already feeling nervous and excited. And I could feel my penis getting warm and tingly.
The receptionist asked me to have a seat and wait. I turned around and the other women in the waiting area looked at me with raised eyebrows and knowing smirks. I thought maybe I should return when the salon was not so busy. But I sat down and waited.
After about 30 minutes my waxing girl came for me. She took me to the rear of the shop and told me to remove my clothes. There was a table there near the back wall of the store. They didn't have the privacy screen there like last time. She walked back to the front of the salon and spoke with the receptionist. I waited. I thought she went to get the screen but when she returned she asked me again to take off my clothes. "Don't you have the screen?" I asked. I was standing in plain view of everyone in the shop. She shook her head and said "no screen. Don't worry. It's ok. Do you want the wax treatment?"
What could I do? I wanted the wax treatment. And I actually wanted to be naked in public again. I removed my shirt (even though I don't think it's necessary for a Brazilian wax). Then I removed my shoes. I pulled down my jeans and stepped out of them. Now I was standing next to the treatment table in my bikini briefs. I looked around and it didn't appear that the other clients were looking at me. I pull down my underwear and my penis popped out, already pointing forward, half erect. I stood there and looked around again. This time I saw a few eyes glance my way and a few of the women were smiling.
I was completely naked standing in a very busy nail salon in a busy part of town. I could see past the receptionist through the windows to the street. People were walking by the shop, on the sidewalk outside. If they looked in, they would be able to see me. It felt strange. My heart was pounding. I was so embarrassed, yet so excited. It was so strange but seemed natural. Nobody seemed to mind. It seemed like I was expected to be naked there. My penis felt hot. My erection was growing. For some reason, being naked in a salon full of clothed women was really making me horny. And there was no way to hide it. My penis was pointing up in the air like a sign saying "look at me; I am excited to be naked in front of you!"
The attendant came and pointed to the treatment table. I climbed up on the table and waited for the waxing treatment to begin. My penis pointed straight up toward the ceiling. I expected to be shielded by a privacy screen, but this was even better. While I sat there, my clinician gathered my clothes, folded them, and took them away to a shelf at the far end of the shop.
The attendant returned and took my penis in her hand, moving it left and right, up and down. She was telling me there should be more hair on it for the waxing to be effective. While she spoke she was examining me closely and my penis throbbed and some precum dripped out from the tip. I was getting more excited. I pushed my hips forward and rubbed myself through her hand. My penis spasmed again and more precum dripped out. My attendant realized I was close to cumming. She let go of me and stepped back giving me a moment to calm down. When she stepped backed she left me exposed to the shop, with my erection dripping and on display. I didn't calm down. My balls felt full and I felt very vulnerable. My hips thrust forward a few times as I involuntarily tried to fuck the air. What a site that must have been. Everyone was watching me now. My ears were buzzing, and I felt light headed. I could hear a murmur of discussion and some giggling. I knew I was in trouble. They were looking and my penis was spasming up and down. I knew what was about to happen but couldn't stop it. My penis was throbbing. I could feel the sperm building up in my balls and at the base of my cock.
I closed my eyes and reached down to touch my penis. I just want to feel if I was as hard as I thought. It felt enormous in my hand. I stroked myself gently. I imagined that everyone was happily watching me squeeze and stroke myself. I opened my eyes for a second. This was really happening. I closed my eyes and masturbated. It didn't take long. I started to cum after only a few strokes. I wish I could have made it last longer. I opened my eyes and kept on masturbating while they watched. I was masturbating now while the customers and shop workers watched. Cum shot from my penis and hit me on my chin. I shot 4 huge streams of cum onto myself. I kept massaging my penis while sperm dripped from the tip. Even the receptionist was watching from the front of the salon. I felt so embarrassed yet comfortable at the same time. I think I felt open and honest with everyone in the shop right then, showing them my authentic self. What could be more honest than letting everyone watch me masturbate? Everyone masturbates. Now everyone there has seen me masturbating. I was proud of myself. I laid back and closed my eyes again.
When I opened my eyes again everything seemed normal. Everyone was back to their business. They stopped looking my way. My waxing attendant came over and handed me a small towel to clean up with. She said I should come back when the hair is longer. "Let's not wax you today" she said. I sat there for a few more minutes naked in public. My penis never softened. I wanted to masturbate again. I could have. But I thought that would have been excessive, or rude. I don't want to be rude. I think it seemed like I came by accident. Everyone who watched me cum probably understood that I was over stimulated by the waxing attendant manipulating my penis. I really had to masturbate. Surely that was understandable. But I would be pushing my luck if I masturbated again.
I got up from the table and started walking across the store toward the side where they stashed my clothes. I wanted to get dressed quickly and get out of there. The reality of what I had done was sinking in. I was starting to panic a little. The pride I felt was being replaced with fear and dread. I walked toward my clothes and everyone watched me. I no longer think they were happy about me masturbating. I think they were surprised by what I had done. One woman said "couldn't you control yourself?" Another looked at me as if I were a bug and shook head. I felt humiliated and exposed. My penis started tingling again. I think I liked the humiliation.
The waxing girl stopped me and handed me another wet cloth. "Clean the table please" she said. "What?" I said. She took my arm and turned me around. She put her hand on my back and pushed me toward the table. I was still naked and still had a huge erection. My dick was pointing in front of me as I walked across the room again. My penis bounced along and it felt good. As I got to the table I let my penis slide against the cool vinyl padding. I was starting feel very horny. I wiped the table with the cloth, and as I did I let my penis slide back and forth against the side. Everyone was watching. I could feel another orgasm building. It was starting at the base of my cock. How could I be horny in the middle of a store in front of all these women? What should I do? I thought about it. They had already seen everything. I had no secrets from these women.
I closed my eyes and kept rubbing myself against the table. The vinyl was coated with precum and I slid smoothly against it. I was fucking the table while everyone watched. It was out of my control now. I rubbed the table and didn't reach down and use my hands. I hope it looked like I was having an accident again. I started cumming. My sperm shot up and landed on the table. I was in heaven, cumming in front of an audience in a public salon again. I rubbed my penis harder against the table. My knees were shaky and I was dizzy. I had to hold onto the edge of the table or I'd have fallen over. It felt good and I stayed that way rubbing my penis against the table for what seemed like many minutes. Suddenly I heard laughing and shouting. I opened my eyes and saw the group of women. They were calling me names and laughing at me. The waxing attendant slapped my bottom and said with a smile; "clean the table!" This was getting out of hand.
I cleaned the table. This time I got busy and did a good job. I walked back across the shop to retrieve my clothes. I was standing in between two pedicure chairs getting dressed. The shop had quieted down again. One of the pedicure clients leaned over to me and said "That was hot. I hope you come back." I looked at her and said "I will."
Then I walked straight out of the salon. I wasn't sure if I was welcome to return. I will definitely find out.