This story has a heavy BDSM focus, a sub female protagonist with male doms, and a focus on humiliation/degradation. If that is not your thing or if you're offended by such elements, it might be better to read another story. Thanks for understanding.
"You're really good, Chloe," Matt said as he looked at my photos.
I answered with thanks, but honestly, as pretentious as it sounds... I knew I was good. Everyone in my photography class knew I was the best out of the group of thirty—all the guys agreed to that fact. I say all the guys, because out of the group of thirty students attending that college class, I was the only girl.
And honestly, I loved it. It was cool to be the only girl in a gang and also be the best photographer. All the guys looked up to me—the only girl was the gold standard of achievement, and that made me ultra-proud. Matt kept scrolling through my pictures. Every week, we had a photography project to present to the class: each student would take pictures during the week and present them on the classroom's projector screen.
The pictures could be anything, portraits, landscapes or even situations. As long as we had a style and a grasp of technique, that's all it took to get an A+, which is what I got every single time. I'm not afraid of saying it proudly: I was a good photographer, and Matt saw it once again as he scrolled through my city portraits—pictures of the city's streets I had taken.
Still, as good as I was behind the camera, I had always had a deep curiosity for being in front of the camera. All my female friends said I should pose for portraits—according to them, my long, wavy red hair and light brown eyes made me photogenic. They all said I looked pretty, but then all girl friends say that to one another. That said, a friend who owned a yoga clothing store had once asked me to model for advertisement pictures.
I had really wanted to—I jog a lot and eat healthy, being a vegetarian. As slutty as it sounds, having the opportunity to pose in shape-revealing clothing like yoga clothes had proved itself very enticing, but scheduling conflicts had ended up cancelling the whole thing.
Matt turned to his apartment's door. "They should be here any minute now," he said, mentioning his models that were scheduled to come for his own photo project. "I hope mine will be as good as yours."
"I'm sure it will," I said with an encouraging smile—and I really believed what I said. Matt's project was pretty daring, and I always liked daring.
Nudity is no stranger to a photographer's gang, and we already had a bunch of projects with nudity in it, butt Matt's was going to be different. The nudity we had seen before was the casual type where the body looks completely normal and not necessarily attractive in any sensual way. Matt however was going to do a sensual photoshoot; one whose concept was so cool that I just had to be there—hence why I was in his apartment that Sunday evening.
The doorbell rang and in came Matt's first model, a friend of his called James. He was tall and good looking with short black hair. I'd say he looked the James Bond type, which made his first name a happy coincidence. Quickly, as the other models entered, it was clear to me that he had selected all his models according to that James Bond look; all black-haired, slick and handsome men with a classy air—the sort of guys who would look good in suits. After all, that's exactly what they were going to wear. Suits.
They changed into their slick black tuxedos and sat down as we waited for the seventh model. There would be six men, and one woman; a woman we were still waiting for. We were chatting around his coffee table, and I was in a discussion with Chris, one of Matt's models.
"It's cool that you came to help him out," he said.
I nodded but tried to keep my smile at a minimum. Yes, I had come to help him with his lights or if he needed help with his camera, but... That wasn't THE reason why I had come. The reason was more... well, personal. Matt's concept unknowingly touched upon a secret scenario that I had always dreamed of. A fantasy.
"She's daring, isn't she?" Pete remarked—James Bond number 3.
"Who?"
"The model girl."
I instantly nodded, full of admiration for that unknown woman who was yet to come. She would be the only woman posing alongside guys wearing suits... and she would be completely naked. Matt's concept was incredible from a visual angle; there was something automatically enticing to a photographer like me when I imagined a bunch of guys in a suit and the contrast of a lone nude woman; there was poetry in that simple yet visually powerful contrast. Chloe the photographer was amazed by the idea, but another Chloe too was interested in it.
Chloe the young woman with secret kinks—she too, was fascinated by it. I had always wanted to be naked around a group of clothed men—part submissive and part exhibitionist is how I'd describe the nature of my kinks. There was something super-hot about the idea of being exposed to clothed guys who dominate me just by the one-sided nature of my nudity. I had come to Matt's house because I didn't want to miss his photoshoot. I wouldn't ever live that fantasy for myself, but at least I could live it vicariously through that model by looking at her.
I already imagined her taking her clothes off and being surrounded by six clothed guys in suits. It made me a little aroused already, thinking of myself in her place, but it also made me a bit sad. Sad knowing that I would never have the courage to do that myself.
Time passed as we chatted. We quickly realized it was now 6:30 PM—the photoshoot was half an hour late. The model was half an hour late. And Matt was getting concerned. He walked away from the living room and sent multiple text messages to the girl, receiving no answer. I walked up to him.
"What's going on?" I asked.
"I don't know. She's not answering."
"Problem with the subway?"
"She's coming by car. Traffic jam maybe, but then she'd be able to answer..." The project was due for tomorrow, but Matt was always the optimist. True to his nature, he shrugged lightheartedly. "I just want to know if she'll be coming or not. Not a problem if she can't, I'll just do portraits with the guys."
Ironically, his disappointment was non-existent, but mine was enormous. I lost my smile and frowned. "Fuck, that would suck... You have such a cool concept..."
He shrugged. "Life is life."
We returned to the living room and continued our conversations with the six James Bondses. They were all smiling and accepting the eventual change of plans with complete casualness, a casualness I could barely comprehend. They would have had the chance to look at a girl's naked body, and a model at that. They were guys. Why weren't they disappointed?
It didn't take much time for me to realize why. Seeing a naked girl wasn't some rare, once in a lifetime event. The models were all Pierce Brosnan looking pieces of ass—they probably saw their fare share of hot naked girls all the time, and Matt wasn't unattractive either by any stretch of the imagination.
I, meanwhile, still clung to that hope desperately. What I wanted was to live one of my deepest fantasies through a braver soul than I. I had done my fair share of looking at erotic imagery with men in suits holding naked women—I would close my eyes and masturbate while imagining myself as the girl; picturing the sexual tension and the sexiness that had to permeate a photoshoot like that. So, I chatted with the boys and waited still, but then the dreaded call finally came.
Matt picked up his phone and talked to the model. Apparently, her dog was going through a sudden allergic reaction and she could not come. He wished her good luck, said it was no problem at all, and hung up with a smile. "Too bad," he said, chuckling, and his James Bond models went to the bathroom mirror to check their hair one last time before the photoshoot began. The shoot would just be men in suits then, nothing else.
"You think she's lying?" Matt asked. I gave him a confused look. "Well you know... Maybe she wasn't comfortable with the whole concept. Being naked with guys in suits, I mean."
"She said yes to the project to start with. That means she was O.K with it."
"I did say I would pay her though. €100 isn't that much. Maybe the only reason she was willing was because of the pay. And then she decided it wasn't enough."
I shook my head. I didn't agree at all with his theory. "Why are you just taking for granted that she was uncomfortable with the concept? Maybe she wanted to do the photoshoot for that and not for the money."
He laughed and slapped his knee. "Come on, Chloe, why would a girl want to do a photoshoot like that if not for the money?"
"Because she would enjoy it? It's possible, you know?"
He gave me a dumbfounded look. Now it was his turn not to believe me at all. "Enjoy what? The guys would enjoy it, yeah, because the girl is naked. But what the does the girl get? Having guys look at her while they're clothed?"
He was talking about it as if it were a chore, I realized. "Many girls would do it just for that reason, you know?"
Again, he absolutely did not believe me. He chuckled my belief away in a rather dismissive fashion, saying, "You say that, but you'd never do it." I turned white. Here's one thing to know about me: I'll do anything not to lose an argument. I didn't want Matt to win this one, but... I couldn't confess the truth, either. "Exactly," he said in a winning tone. "Especially not for €100—I know I wouldn't do it."
He left with that confidence in his beliefs. It took me a minute to accept that the vicarious experience I had dreamed of would not be a reality. When I did, I followed Matt to his little studio where he had set up his lights and a white background. The models returned from having perfected their hair. They placed themselves in front of the white background and Matt began taking his pictures.
I sat in the back, looking at them with a pout on my lips. Holy fuck, that photoshoot was boring... It was just a bunch of portraits of guys in suits—exactly the kind you'd see in a clothing store. Matt would show me the pics on his camera, and then show them to his models. The boys smiled and laughed, drawing the exact same comparison I had, jokingly stating how hot they looked.
Honestly, I could see where Matt was coming from. The photos looked good, really good. The technique was pretty flawless, and as far as our teacher was concerned, technique was the most important part. The photos looked professional and well-lit, and Matt would certainly at least get an A for this project. The guys were having fun posing and goofing around; jokingly pretending to be actors posing for perfume advertisements.
Yeah well, fucking great. The guys were having fun, but there was a single lone girl sitting in the back, and that was me. And I wasn't having fun. I was totally bummed out. Part of me even felt a sort of artistic anger towards Matt. Why is that? Well, isn't it obvious? He had a great concept on his hands—something full of visual contrast, nudity vs clothing, feminine vs masculine, strength vs nude confidence, etc. I expected him to be angry at the loss of such artistic potential like any artist would. Instead, he was content with technique-filled pictures.
Nice pictures, yes. But they were cold and monotonous. I imagined all the life and energy that would have oozed out of them if a single naked girl was to stand among the guys in suits. I pictured the sensuality and the eroticism coming out of such visuals... I closed my eyes and pictured myself as the girl, totally naked, exposed and vulnerable to the sight of clothed, strong men. My entire nude flesh bared for the camera while theirs was covered with the prestige and authority of tuxedos.
I pictured myself posing in front of the camera, fearless and proud, arching my back and showing off my tits while they stood behind me in their suits. I imagined pictures with me showing off my bare ass while not a single part of their bodies could be seen. Not only was the image utterly sensual, the scene made me feel so humiliated and dominated. The men being not only clothed but in suits while I, the only girl was naked, was an idea so unfair that it was full of power dynamics.
There was something naughty about it. The images in my mind were not outright saying that the girl is dominated by the men, but that feeling was inescapable from the one-sided nudity. Such images felt like they were implying BDSM without outright saying it, and that somehow made the BDSM aspect stronger. I even imagined myself in more submissive poses, kneeling for example...
I realized I had turned myself on just by closing my eyes and imagining all that. I opened my eyes and saw that the guys were still having fun, posing and goofing around. Annoyed, I left the little studio and went for the bathroom where I locked the door. I looked at myself in the mirror. My friends were right—my red hair and brown eyes made for a photogenic combination but... that wouldn't be the focus of somebody watching pictures where I would be naked.
My body wasn't bad... It wasn't bad at all, in fact. Wasn't it a bit arrogant to believe that I could be acceptable in a photoshoot such as the one Matt had intended? Maybe it was, but I didn't care. Sure, maybe it was arrogant of me to think it, but I genuinely thought I would have looked good in Matt's original vision.
I sat on the toilet and scrolled through Instagram and Facebook, waiting for my arousal to pass. It finally did, and once I felt normal again, I returned to the studio. Matt was just announcing a ten-minute pause, after which the shoot would resume for an additional thirty minutes.
Thirty minutes... In less than an hour, the models would leave, killing that incredible vision forever. I tried telling myself that the vision was already dead—it had been since the model had seen her dog reacting to allergies. But... was it truly dead yet?
I won't lie, there was a genuine pit in my stomach. The kind where you absolutely want to do something, and you know that if you don't take the chance now, that chance will go forever. My heart was beating faster.
Matt's original vision for the photoshoot... It was something I had always dreamed to experience, even if only vicariously. Just put yourself in my shoes for a second: you've always had a fantasy in your mind, an extremely specific fantasy. And now, you meet someone who has that exact vision in their mind. Sure, to him, it was a photo project, not a fantasy. But still... It was the exact same vision that I had masturbated to for years since my younger years.
And in less than an hour... poof. The chance would go. The pit in my stomach was unbearable, and I was growing restless inside. I looked at the James Bond looking hunks around me. They were so manly and hot in their suits... I imagined them holding me against their clothed chests, their hands on my hips; and me completely naked, vulnerable and protected by them...
I couldn't take it... I don't know what happened at that moment. I'm not sure I was in control of myself, but I walked over to Matt who was proudly looking at his dull, testosterone filled, monotone pictures. No contrast in them, no opposition, no twist or turn... What a twist a lone, nude girl in the midst would make...
"Hey," I said. He looked up at me with a relaxed smile. He had absolutely no idea where this convo was going, did he? "You know, earlier... You said I'd never do it. Not for €100."
He raised an eyebrow and threw me a dubious look. "Yeah...?"
I couldn't possibly be doing this. I couldn't possibly be doing this for real... "I'd fucking do it for free."
He gave me a silent, slightly awkward look for a moment. Clearly, he didn't know where this was going; what I meant, what I wanted... Sighing, I took his hand and dragged him to the hallway behind the bathroom where no one would see us. Matt noticed my pout and my unease. My cheeks had gone red, I was frowning and looking away from him. A blind person could have told something was nagging me.
"You alright?" he asked, concerned.
I nodded, but my face said the complete opposite. "Listen, I..." I took a deep breath and felt my cheeks going even more red. "I'm gonna be real honest with you. I... The photoshoot you wanted to make..."
He waited for a while. "Yes?"
"It's... Something I always wanted to do..." I looked him right in the eyes.
To my surprise, he shrugged with a smile. "Oh, I get it! Hey, don't sweat it, I don't own the concept. You can do that with one of your photoshoots, don't worry about it."
It took me a moment to understand what he meant. "My photosh... No, no." I chuckled. "Matt, I'm not talking about being behind the camera. I'm talking as a model." This time, he went silent. Awkwardly, he struggled to find anything to say. "I've always wanted to be in a shoot like that... as the model. The girl model."
"Oh..." That's all he said. He was being very, very confused about it. Matt blinked a few times before looking at me again; it was like he wanted to make sure it was actually Chloe talking to him. Classmate Chloe; the friend he hung out with alongside all the other guys. "Why? Why do you... want that?"
"Because it's... it's a kink, I guess. A fetish, a... desire, I don't know. It turns me on. I like the idea. Being naked around clothed guys, especially..." A sudden wave of arousal washed over me and made shake like a chilly wind would. "...especially guys in suits. You know, they're manly, they're strong... I get to be ultra-feminine, vulnerable..."
There were starting to be hints of understanding on his face. "Oh, ok... Is that like... The whole submissive and dominant thing?"
I nodded the shit out of my head. "Yeah, totally. I guess it's that and an exhibitionism thing. They come together. This is... this the perfect mix. Call it a dream come true."
I noticed his eyes doing something they had never, ever done before. They looked not at my face... But at my body. His eyes literally scanned my body and looked at my tits and legs. "And you said... you'd do it?"
When his eyes looked at my face again, I blushed and giggled with embarrassment. Without a thought from my brain, my teeth went for my lower lip, biting it. All the sudden, my body was light, not rigid. All of me was suddenly filled with sensuality, and I was looking at Matt... hungrily. I was looking at him flirtatiously. Seductively. Matt hadn't ever been attractive to me; he was just a classmate and a good friend. But now, at the simple thought of letting him see me naked... I felt like I wanted to flirt with him. To tease him.
I imagined being naked in front of him. Totally naked and exposed, bared and objectified. I imagined the total vulnerability I'd suddenly feel, the embarrassment and shame. I thought of how his eyes would enjoy me in complete unfairness—him clothed and me nude, and I was totally turned on. It was more than clear to me: I really, genuinely wanted it.
I took his hand again and brought him back to the studio. The models were in the living room, and I could see a bit of them from behind one of the walls. They looked so hot, manly and strong. I imagined being nude in front of them... Then I realized something: had the model come for the shoot, she would not have been the only female present.
Right now, I was the only girl in that entire space. If I were to be naked... I would be the only girl, surrounded by seven clothed men. The entire male attention would be mine. I wouldn't have to share it—I could have it all for myself. It would make me feel SO much more feminine and SO much more dominated...
I turned to Matt after taking a deep breath. I couldn't hide the smile on my face. "Yeah. I'd do it. I really wanna do it."
He didn't answer—the poor guy was at a total loss for words. "Uhm... I..."
"I know you wanted a model. A hot body. I'm... I'm not that bad myself, you know?"
"I... never thought the opposite."
It was a small compliment, but it was enough to make me smile. "I can just show you. And if I look... the part... then we can do it. What do you say?"
First, he needed to blink a few times as if to make sure he wasn't dreaming. When he was sure, he chuckled while looking at my breasts. "Yeah. I'm in."
It made me giggle. I loved how he was so blatantly looking at my tits. In any other context, it would have been incredibly disrespectful, but now, it was hot. I called the models in the living room and told them to come. All seven men were now before me—six of them still didn't know what was about to happen.
I placed myself before them, in front of the white background. I looked at the models. They were SO hot... Manly men in the classic sense, with that Giorgio Armani perfume, Sean Connery-esque charm.
"So..." I said. "I, uh... I'm about to do something... Something I can't believe I'm about to do." I cleared my throat. "Matt's original photoshoot idea might not be dead in the water, because... Because I'm up for it." I could tell the boys hid their happy satisfactions out of respect, but boy can I tell you—they eyes lit up when I was finished saying that sentence. "If you're up for it, I... I'd love to be the naked girl next to you."
They were already nodding and encouraging me. "Are you kidding?" Chris said.
"Of course we're up for it."
Their genuine encouragement made me feel SO good about myself. I had never felt so desired and empowered before. "Ok..." I whispered.
I untied my hair. I took off my shoes and socks, took off my jeans and my shirt... The underwear phase was pretty embarrassing already, and I could feel my entire body tingling with arousal. That phase was soon gone, though, because a moment later, I had taken off my bra and panties. And there I was. The only girl among seven clothed guys... and I was completely naked.
Biting my lip, I giggled and shook my tits for them. They responded with "wow" and "beautiful." I slowly gyrated my hips and rubbed my breasts, slowly and gently like I had seen porn stars do in so many videos. I brought my hands to my hips and brought them back up to my breasts, repeating the sensual gestures many times. Then I turned around and looked behind me, at them. I arched my back and brought my ass out. I gave them an innocent look, "hope you like it" style.
"Perfect ass, Chloe," Pete said.
Hearing that made my arousal four times stronger. I was never much of a lubricator—being dry had often caused me uncomfortable penetrations, and I used far more lube than most women would like to admit, but I wouldn't have been surprised to be much wetter this time around.
"So, Mr. Photographer," I said, turning to Matt. "Do I look good enough?"
He gave me a cheeky smile. "Why don't you show me those tits again? I need to make sure."
My first reaction was for my mouth to drop wide open in mock shock. I sent him a look full of playful anger, as if I was offended by his language. Still, my entire body felt the intrinsic need to obey. I turned back around, placed my hands behind my back and proudly arched my back to present my breasts. I was like an obedient slave showing herself off to her masters. I couldn't feel any other way—I was nude and they were clothed. Matt nodded and smiled.
"You're perfect."
I couldn't help but blow him a kiss. Matt was just a casual friend, a classmate and a buddy. But now, naked like I was, it felt only natural to blow him a kiss sensually.
"Well then," I said, "let's begin."
Matt nodded and picked up his camera. The models joined me in front of the white background. Matt pointed his camera at us, but then he hesitated. "Remember," he said. "We'll be showing this to the entire classroom, tomorrow."
My heart skipped a beat. Every single classmate of mine — all guys — would not only see my naked body in full megapixel quality projected on a screen; they would also know how much of a slut I was. A slut who would strut naked around guys in suits and pose for her classmate. "I'm not sure about it yet... But you be willing to censor? Add black bars on my private parts and on my face so they never know it's me. I know it would kind of ruin the image, but..."
He winked at me. "Don't sweat it. You're showing off those perfect tits to me. I owe you that much."
I thanked him by jiggling my tits. I couldn't believe my classmate was talking to me like this. I couldn't believe I was naked and flirting with him. I couldn't believe any of it. He told to strike a pose, and I did. The guys behind me stood rigidly and crossed their arms. I, on the other hand placed my hands on my hips and arched my back, throwing up one eyebrow in a sort of "yeah, I'm naked and there's guys in suits around me, what of it?" attitude. We did a few pics like that, with me striking certain poses and mostly mimicking the sexy ones I could remember from magazines or music videos.
My face was ultra slutty; I kept my lips apart and my eyes looking hungry. For one of the pics, I stood in profile to the camera while the guys were behind me. My arousal and excitement made me sweat, and that sweat dripped from my breasts and made them glisten provocatively. It was so beautiful that Matt came closer and took a shot of my tits alone next to a clothed chest.
I couldn't stop looking at the models; I loved how masculine they looked and just how feminine they made me feel. Being naked is one thing—being naked around guys in suits made me feel even MORE naked. Their chests were fully covered with a suit and tie, mine was bare breasts bouncing around and glistening with copious sweat. Their shoes were black and classy, my feet were bare and cold. I was the only girl, and also the only one naked. It somehow made me feel even more feminine—I had never felt so girly in my entire life.
I was totally surrounded by testosterone, strong and dominant and rigid. Meanwhile, I was the only presence of the feminine, naked and exposed and vulnerable—yet so strong and confident at the same time. I had never felt more beautiful in my life. Between every picture, I kept noticing the model's eyes ogling my bare body. We'd make eye contact, both sides knowing I was being leered at lecherously—totally sexualized and objectified by the men, who were overwhelmingly in a position of more prestige and power through their clothes. I'd wink at them and blow them kisses, as if to say "I know you're looking. Keep doing it."
After ten minutes of posing in different ways with the guys surrounding me, I had enough. I needed to feel closer to them. I needed them to have even more control over my bare body. I asked Matt if we could do a series of pics where each of the boys held me, and he told me to go for it. We started with Chris. I placed myself against him with my back to the camera. My bare ass was completely exposed to it now. He placed one hand in his pocket and the other on my back, right above my ass. I threw my arms around his neck and pressed myself against him—he could feel my entire naked body against him, and I felt his hard-on behind his pants; the bulge rubbed the texture of the cloth against my now much wetter pussy.
"Are you O.K with this pose?" I whispered with my lips super close to his.
"Of course," he said. "You?"
"I love it."
"What do you like about it?"
"I don't know... Feeling girly. It's like I'm a damsel in distress." I giggled and started acting scared and vulnerable, like one of those female love interests in older superhero movies. "Will you protect me?"
He winked and nodded with the smoothness you'd expect from a James Bond. Matt called to me. I looked behind me and into the camera. I took on a concerned, helpless look and rose on the tip of my toes to bring my ass out even more. I could already imagine how perfect the picture was: a confident, strong man in a tuxedo holding a totally naked, barefoot woman seeking protection from his clothed, protective hold.
She looks helpless and vulnerable; she's exposed and nude, but she has the protection of a strong man, and his clothed figure makes her nakedness more naked, her sensuality more sensual and her womanhood more feminine.
We repeated the exact same picture with all six guys. When put together, they would tell an even more humiliating story: not only is this naked girl helpless and dominated, she's also a slut; a slut shared by six men. I could never describe to you how turned on I was.
We did another series of similar poses with the guys holding me. This time, it was even more intimate and sensual—they held me tightly against them. I had one arm around their neck, the other around their waist. Their arms were wrapped around my back as they held me against their clothed bodies, one hand right above my ass and the other on my upper back. Matt told them to open their hands wide and to truly hold my back—their fingers were pushing into my bare flesh because of how tightly they held it. Our faces were pressed against one another and we were in profile before the camera, looking into the lens like lovers caught in a passionate embrace and looking at the camera as if it was an intruder—it reminded me of the Twilight New Moon poster, but in this version, Bella is completely naked while vampire boy wears a suit. What I'm basically trying to say is that our version was better.
I was not only totally protected by the men holding me aggressively, I was also owned by them, taken and conquered by them. My entire naked body was theirs and they held it with absolute authority and dominance. Our faces were so close that I could feel their breaths on my face. Their hard cocks were completely pressed against my groin, and often, the zipper would rub against my pussy and send unimaginable arousal through my body. When I was doing that pose with Pete, Matt told us not to move while he was adjusting his camera, but I couldn't help but slightly move my hips and rub my cunt against his clothed erection. He felt me subtly gyrating against his hard-on and looked at me with surprise. I answered with a flirtatious look and a biting of my lower lip as I kept rubbing my groin on his clothed cock. He seemed to like it, and so did I.
"You know..." I whispered. "You can bring your hand lower."
"You don't mind?"
"Go for it."
So Pete lowered his hand, and it caressed the upper curve of my ass as it went down and settled on my right buttock. His hand was now on my ass, and it felt so good. The ass is a much more private part of the body. By allowing the boys to touch my ass, I had given them even more authority over my naked body. When Matt finished adjusting his camera, he noticed the much more intimate pose — Pete's hand on my ass — and smiled.
"Hold it tighter," he said. Pete did exactly that, but Matt gestured for him to continue. "Tighter, squeeze it tighter."
Pete squeezed my ass so tight that the pain made me rise on the tip of my toes. The pain grew, continually turning into arousal, and it made me press myself even tighter against Pete's body and rub my pussy against his hard-on even more.
"Am I hurting you?" Pete asked, concerned.
"Yes you are," I answered with an aroused sigh. "Keep squeezing." Matt took a few photos, but before he could call for another pose, I turned to Pete. "Mind if... you give me a kiss? I think it would look good in a pic."
Pete smiled. "Sure."
His was a gentle, romantic kiss, but with the next one and the five other ones, the kisses quickly turned into making-out. I let the boys passionately taste my lips as they held me tightly, rubbing my back and my ass with their hands, holding my waist and caressing my neck and shoulders. The kisses were loud and passionate, and they even started kissing me on the neck. Matt kept taking pictures—we were giving him the most incredible images ever. I loved how much they were squeezing my ass, they kept groping it and fondling it while kissing me on the lips and all over the neck. By that point, I was totally aroused, and that meant one thing.
All logic had left my body. Now I was just raw carnal instinct. "Touch me," I begged, whispering not only to the model making out with me, but also to the others. "Touch me, touch me everywhere." I extended my hands towards them, and they quickly accepted my offer. All six men converged on me and I closed my eyes as the chaos of six pairs of hands and six lips took over me. The six pairs of hands groped and fondled everywhere; they squeezed my ass and my breasts, they felt me up and kept coming back to my tits. It was the best feeling ever: to have six hands feeling up my tits and all the rest of my body. I felt their lips too, and they were kissing my neck, my mouth and my breasts—I couldn't count how many times each of them kissed my bare breasts. I had completely given them my bare body, and they were fondling and groping me as they pleased. All I had to do was close my eyes and sigh with ecstasy.
I kept blindly grasping at any tuxedos in front of me; whenever I found one, I would hold it, pull myself towards it and gyrate my groin against the erection; I was in a dance, a dance where I rotated my hips and body while six men felt me up and made out with me. My sighs were growing louder.
"Squeeze harder," I begged.
They did, and my ass and tits hurt. They saw how much I enjoyed the pain, and so they grabbed my hair and pulled it. Each of them kept pulling my hair so hard that it made me whimper every time. Other hands at the same time were slapping my ass and spanking it so hard that I jumped every time—and every time I jumped, they pulled me back down instantly by the hair. It was a complete, blind chaos of total domination, six clothed men groping me, fondling me, caressing me, spanking me, pulling my hair and making out with me all at the same time.
Enough time passed that we were all content moving to another... pose, if we could even call them that now. "Any ideas?" Matt asked.
"Yeah," I said.
My head was going in circles with arousal and I could feel how red my cheeks were. With that feeling governing me, I knelt on the ground, meek and ready to be controlled. The boys quickly took the initiative—they took turns holding me by the hair and pulling it while I knelt. They looked like proud owners presenting their prized bitch, and instead of a leash, they held my hair. They stood around and above me, clothed and dominant, and I knelt, naked and obedient.
"You're so hot, Chloe," Matt said.
"Thank you..." I whispered, unable to stop my eyes from closing because of how much arousal I was feeling. I was absolutely in paradise. I opened my eyes and noticed their groins around my face and the raging hard-ons forming bulges beneath their pants. "It would be cool, if..." I looked over at Matt and gestured towards the erections. He liked the idea and turned to the models to ask for their opinion. They liked it even more.
They made a circle around me. One by one, I opened their zippers and fumbled through the hole until I grasped each dick and pulled it out. Now there were six hard cocks standing at attention out of the men's pants. Matt knelt with the camera in hand and gave us directions. One by one, the boys stood in front of me. We started with Pete. He slid his cock into my mouth and Matt told me to stay still so the image wouldn't be blurry. So I didn't suck, I just knelt, immobile, with a cock filling my mouth. I looked up at Pete and sent him love with my eyes. I was feeling totally dominated and that's all that mattered; I didn't care one bit that I was now hosting a stranger's cock in my slut's mouth. Matt was adjusting his camera settings, and it did take some time—too much, in fact. So much that I needed to take a breath, but as soon as I moved my head to remove the cock from my mouth, Matt desperately told not to move at the last moment, and asked Pete to hold me in place.
The latter grabbed my hair and kept me on his cock. I gagged and moaned, trying instinctively to move my head so I could breathe, but his strong grip kept me in my place. Matt took his precious time taking the photos, and I was gagging and suffocating with my eyes watering. Thankfully, Matt was done and Pete released his grip. I gasped for air and coughed as if I had just been choked.
"You fucking asshole," I chuckled, looking up at Pete.
"You know you liked it." I giggled and nodded, giving his cock one wet suck as if to confirm. "So what do you say when you liked it?"
"Thank you."
"Good girl."
I turned to the other boys. "More..." They were quick to give me what I wanted. One by one, they put their cocks in my mouth and did the same thing, holding my hair and choking me until my eyes were crying.
After we were done with this "pose," Matt said "How about we finish with some candid shots? You suck them off at your leisure and I'll take pics; no need to worry about me. You just do your thing."
I nodded with a desperate look on my face, and thankfully, the boys were up for it too. Chris made me rise and pulled me by the hair to the living room. He threw me on my knees and joined the others in relaxing and watching TV. They didn't even interact with me anymore—they watched TV and I crawled over to each of them to suck, suck, suck and suck. I sucked in groups of two, kneeling in front of them and taking their dicks in my mouth while they chatted and watched TV. Don't ask me why I was suddenly so compelled to suck their cocks—I was the only girl, naked, in a group of clothed boys. It was just the natural conclusion of things that I should suck their cocks; it was my way of taking my submission to its absolute degree. It felt self explanatory to me.
Matt kept taking pics of me, and it motivated me to suck as well as I could. I wanted to do it perfectly. I didn't suck only out of meek submissiveness, I sucked with the passion and motivation of someone dedicated to their craft, and at that moment, my craft, my entire being and soul was about being the most perfect submissive who ever existed. I saw Matt approach to take closer pictures, and in one of them, he placed his hand on my head, which turned me on even more. Everywhere I looked, I was dominated.
Eventually, they unloaded themselves into my mouth and I swallowed all six shots. By the time I was done, it was pretty late already. The models said their goodbyes and told me it was a pleasure to have met me—of course it was. Soon, I was alone with Matt in the apartment again. The arousal was a total high, and I excused myself and used Matt's bathroom to take a shower.
I both masturbated and showered in there. I thought of everything that had just happened and imagined the boys still fondling and kissing me. My arousal grew and grew, but my fear did too—I was afraid that as soon as the climax would hit, the high would give way to a realization of shame. Would I regret what I had done? What if being horny had clouded my judgement like alcohol would, and I would regret everything once sobriety returned?
The orgasm came, and as it washed away the sexual energy from me like the water washed away my sweat, it gave way to... joy. I was so relieved. Not shame, not regret. Joy. I had lived one of my biggest fantasies, and I didn't regret it one bit. Sure, it was strange to realise how slutty I truly was. The sluttiest thing I had ever done before was kiss two guys during the same drunken party, back when I was in high school. This was something else completely.
I had stripped naked before a friend and strangers, made out with those strangers, offered my body to their touch and to their constant gaze, and ended the evening by blowing them. And all I felt was pride. Pride from knowing that I hadn't left inhibitions born from a judgemental society hold me back. I had lived a fantasy and I had no reason to feel bad for it.
I dried myself with the towel inside the bathroom and returned to the living room where Matt was making himself a coffee. With my arousal gone, it properly dawned on me that I was completely naked in front of a guy buddy—it made no sense and it was the hottest thing ever. The most incredible part was that it wasn't something limited to the moment: Matt knew what my naked body looked like now and nothing would ever change that; it would always be that way forever, and I just loved that idea.
"Hey," he said.
I walked up to him and hugged him. He held my naked body and I looked at him with a teasing smile. "You can touch if you want," I said.
He gladly felt me up, touching my ass and tits and squeezing them; it was only fair. I had let six other guys do it, it would have been shitty to refuse it to an actual friend. "You know... I can't believe we're doing this," he said.
"I know, right?"
We were just classmates who hung out sometimes, and now I was submissively offering my bare body to his view and touch. That made it so much hotter. I wasn't even getting aroused at that moment—the thought itself, divorced from any physical feeling, was enough to please me on an intellectual level. I liked being the slutty naked girl to the photographer. It was a part I truly liked to play. I even gave him a little peck on the mouth, just for fun. Why? Because it made me feel slutty, and for some reason I just enjoyed that.
"Listen," he said, "the project is due in like nine hours. I need to adjust the pics on my laptop."
I nodded and sat on his lap as we looked at the pictures. One of his hands used the mouse to adjust the pictures' lighting while the other played with my bare tits. The pictures were not only artistically beautiful, they were incredibly sexy. I looked incredibly sexy.
"So," he said, "want me to censor them?"
I thought about it for a second, and then remembered something. Jim, our teacher, had said he would be absent that day. We were to show our projects to one another and share constructive criticism like always, but the class would end right after that. I was more open to the idea now that our teacher wouldn't be there but... still...
"If we don't censor," I said, "they're all going to see me. Max, and Dylan and Adam..." A chill went through my body. I was shaking with that prospect—shaking with arousal. I turned to Matt. "Am I really that much of a slut?" I asked him. He shrugged, unsure. I remembered everything I had done during the evening and smiled. "Yeah. Fuck it. We'll show them everything."
He chuckled. "So you ARE that much of a slut."
I raised an eyebrow and rose only to kneel in front of him. I opened his zipper and brought his cock out. "Can I?" I asked. "I'm a slut, but I'm a polite slut. It would be a bitch move if I sucked all those guys but not you."
"Go ahead."
I giggled and took him in my mouth. He kept working on the pictures while I knelt and sucked his cock slowly. His fingers grabbed my hair and I thanked him for it.
"You're really good, Chloe."
I thanked him. And as pretentious as it sounds... I knew I was that good. I enjoyed the feel of his hard cock in my mouth and closed my eyes.
In a few hours, all my classmates would see me totally naked.