It was late summer and one of those days when it was warm but they just knew it would probably rain, but they wanted to get out of the house.
"Let's go for a walk, we could go down by the river," Simon suggested.
"That's a nice idea, there's plenty of places to shelter if it rains," replied Julie.
It was way to warm to take jackets, so they decided to risk it in what they were wearing. Julie was wearing a calf length skirt and a white t-shirt - no bra, as had become the norm during the summer - and Simon was wearing a close fitting pair of jeans - no boxers, as often requested by Julie - and also a white t-shirt.
They drove to the Mere and parked the car in the car park; the rain was holding off, for now!
As Julie went to open the car door, Simon grabbed her arm and said, "Come here you, you're not going anywhere yet!"
He pulled her towards him and crushed his lips onto hers, giving her a long, lingering kiss.
Eventually they broke apart. "Mmmm, that was nice!" purred Julie. "Come on, let's go for that walk before the rain starts."
They got out of the car and set off down the path, hand-in-hand. They walked for ages, sometimes chatting, sometimes silent, listening to nature all around them.
"Was that a raindrop?" Julie questioned, looking up at the sky and holding her hand out.
"Afraid so," Simon replied. "I think we're going to get a bit wet!"
Right on cue, the heavens opened and a torrent poured from the sky. It really wasn't worth running as they were going to get soaked anyway, so they continued their amble, hoping that they'd eventually find some cover.
"Yeeha!" Simon exclaimed, looking at Julie. "A genuine wet t-shirt competition!"
Julie's top, being white, had gone almost transparent and her nipples were clear to see as the wet fabric clung to each breast. She feigned to cover up, but decided to brazen it out, taking her hands away and taking hold of Simon again.
"Ah, that looks promising," Simon said, pointing ahead. "I think it's one of those hides used by the bird spotters."
He broke into a trot, pulling Julie along with him, delighted in the fact that he could clearly see her breasts bouncing around inside the t-shirt.
They reached the hide and dived into the entrance, breathing hard and laughing. It was indeed a hide, and it was completely dry inside and, more importantly, empty! It had three long, narrow windows looking out over the river, and a bench against the same wall, running the full length of the hide. Simon swung Julie around and held her at arms length, mesmerised by her beauty, and the utterly fantastic way he could see every detail of her breasts through the wet t-shirt. He pulled her towards him, circling his arms around her, crushing her into his chest, kissing her eagerly, wantonly. His hands ran up and down her back, rucking her t-shirt such that it road half way up, held back only by the overhang of her breasts.
He slid his hands round to the front, fingers under the wet material, feeling their way to the soft flesh of each mound; the nipples were already hard with the coolness of the wet t-shirt against them. Taking each between a thumb and a forefinger, he rolled and pulled them, making them stand out even more.
Simon's t-shirt was as wet as Julie's so, completely oblivious to the chance of anyone else coming in, he momentarily let go of Julie, pulled the t-shirt over his head, dropped it onto the bench, then continued his attention to Julie's 'love cushions'. Her breasts were completely exposed now, and he lowered his mouth to one of them to 'suckle' on it, running his tongue around the areola and nipping on the bud in the middle.
He felt Julie's fingers running up and down his back, and then her nails clawing his flesh, sending shockwaves that went all the way to the muscles in the heart of his penis making it leap, straining against the inside of his jeans. While one hand continued to inflict the 'torture', the other ventured round to the front of his jeans and cupped his bulge, momentarily squeezing it tight.
"Me thinks he's going to have to come out to play soon!" Simon said, in a suggestive way.
"Will he?" Julie teased.
Simon reached down and undid the waist button. He then lowered the zip and, with a slight jiggle of his hips, released his swelling penis from the constraints of his trousers.
Looking down at it, Simon said, "See, told you so!" He took it in his hand and waved it at Julie.
"Ok, ok! I can take a hint!" Julie knelt down and took him in her mouth.
After the cooling effect of the rain, Julie's warm mouth felt very welcoming to Simon as he felt her sucking hard on his shaft. He felt her hand grasp him quite tightly and pull his foreskin down, so that the head was fully exposed and she could run her tongue over the most sensitive parts. Her other hand was tugging at his jeans and they ended up rucked around his ankles, leaving him all but naked.
Using just touch, so that she could continue holding him in her mouth, she tugged one, then the other trainer off - he wasn't wearing socks - and then she guided his feet out of his jeans. Now he was totally naked!
"Turn round, lover!" she demanded.
He did without question, persuaded by the fact that she maintained contact with him from between his legs, teasing his balls as well.
"Now lean forward and grab hold of the window ledge!"
As he did so, he felt Julie push outwards against the inside of his legs, making him part them at least a couple of feet. Then he felt another sensation - she was gently blowing over his anus! Initially he clutched his buttocks together, but then he eased off and began to relax, hoping that she might go a bit further; he wasn't disappointed!
He could feel Julie's tongue licking between his cheeks, while her hands toyed with his penis and balls, and rubbed the area between balls and anus. Then she licked his puckered hole, running her tongue back and forth across it, actually pushing her tongue inside while kissing it; it was an amazing sensation.
While she continued, pushing her tongue deeper and deeper, she began to masturbate him - pulling the skin of his shaft down as far as it would go, and then pulling it back and over the round end.
Simon was in ecstasy with all the different sensations he was experiencing, and his erection was as hard is he could ever remember. Then he felt a finger enter him, sliding in on the saliva that Julie's tongue had left there. He gripped the ledge so tightly that his knuckles were turning white, and he was having trouble keeping his legs straight - no words could describe it! He was going over the edge rapidly, his orgasm building in the base of his penis with every push that the finger made inside him. He pushed his buttocks towards Julie, increasing the impaling he was receiving, and that was it!
He heard "Aaaagghhhh!!!" and then realised that it was his voice, much loader than maybe it should have been in such a public place! His cum ejected outwards and splashed against the wall in front of him, Julie continuing to pump him dry. As the last drops wept from the tip, he had to sit down - before he fell down! He turned round and sat on the bench; Julie pushing his knees apart so that she could shuffle forward and take his penis in her mouth again. She sucked and licked every last drop of semen from him, until no trace was left, but continued to ease him in and out of mouth until his erection had subsided.
"I think the rain has stopped, shall we head back?" Julie asked nonchalantly, as if nothing had happened.
"Maybe I ought to get dressed first? Or shall I go like this?" Simon replied, half making his way to the door as if to walk outside, still naked.