I live for the moment I hear that catch in her throat with our first kiss. Her breathing getting heavier with each tender touch, and caress of her sensitive places, I wait for those three words she will not say..., yet.
Catherine Chapter 8
Assumptions -- don't!
From the time John and I left the cafeteria I've been checking my cell phone for anything from Catherine. An because we're supposed to have them off, everyone just puts them on vibrate. Frank tolerates it as long as it doesn't become too much of a distraction. Unfortunately, any vibrating of my phone wasn't caused by something from Catherine.
An now that our lunch time arrives, an instead of going to the cafeteria with John, and some of the other guys, I grab my jacket, and head outside to take a walk in the cold air, hoping it will clear my head. Along with that, it's toying with the thought of calling her. But, I got the definite impression she didn't want to hear from me.
So instead, its buying a soft pretzel from a sidewalk pretzel vendor. An slow walk north several blocks, then west one block before turning south, which will take me back towards the plaza, and my building across from it.
But when crossing over to enter the plaza from the north end, where I can't keep from looking over at that glass, and stainless steel building with the big letters, IIG on top -- wondering of course, if she's in her office -- as I count the floors and windows to where her office is. But she did say she would be having lunch with those people from out of town so, she may be out with them anyway.
My afternoon has been going pretty much the way the morning went. With me absentmindedly checking my cell phone, even though the only important time it buzzed was just before class started this morning with a text from Banjo telling me, "Ur truck is home."
An with Frank out of the room I sent back, "Take it back to the train station, will need it to get home tonight." And almost instantly he returned with, "Fuck You...walk!" Which made me laugh. Where it's most likely the only laugh I'll have today -- maybe for many days to come too.
An when at last four-thirty arrives, where the class breaks up, and guys head out the door for the elevator except for me, I take the stairs. But when about half way down my phone vibrates, it's Catherine with a text, "where r u." Her question.
But waiting till I get to the bottom of the stairs where I text back, "Going to the cafeteria - wait for shopper crowds to clear train station."
An with out a reply, I get a cup of coffee an sit down by a window, doing what I usually do, wait for the crowds to thin.
But after sitting here for some time longer than usual, where I've finished my coffee, and getting nothing back from her. An looking at my watch to see it's well after five o'clock, I'll wait fifteen more minutes. An if I don't hear back from her by them, I'll leave for the train station. The long cold walk, being even colder tonight.
But with my time line almost up it's a buzz on my cell phone, a text from Catherine again asking, "where r u
Texting back, "Still in cafeteria waiting - Y?"
"Stay there, we need to talk." Her text.
An replying back with, "when & where?"
Then back from her, "I'll get back to U."
An me replying back, "when?"
An back from her, "I don't know yet."
"OK C, but only 4 a little while." Is my reply back to her.
Bull shit! I'm not staying here. An getting up to walk outside where the chill evening air just adds to my sullen mood. Now this thought -- I know, I'll go back to the 19th Street Pup and have a drink. I don't drink much, plus I definitely don't drink alone. But right now I feel more alone than I've felt in a long time.
An when entering the Pub, first looking to the left, then to the right where I see the cocktail table she and I were sharing last night is available. An thinking, what a more appropriate place to hear what know I don't want to hear.
An taking the chair Catherine sat in last night so I can watch who comes and goes -- a habit developed for seeing trouble before it sees me. An when the server comes over to ask if I'd like to order something. An replying, "Yes, a vodka and bitter lemon please." But as she starts leave it's with me asking her, "Is the server who was on last evening here tonight?"
"If you mean Heather, no." She replies. "Her shift ended at four. Does she know you?" She's asking.
"No." Telling her. "But the friend I was here with last evening left her a message -- I was just wondering if she got it?" My follow up question.
"Sorry sir, I wouldn't know." Her reply,
"That's okay, just curious. My friend would know if she did."
With that the server leaves, and returns soon with my vodka and bitter lemon.
Where its a few sips as I'm staring out the window, watching the evening traffic going by -- where everything she said this morning is rerunning in head.
Then pulling my head out of that an looking at my watch -- I'll give her another thirty minutes. If she doesn't show up, or call by then, I'll chalk things up to..., what; wishful thinking again?
Finishing my drink a few minutes before I was set to leave my cell phone vibrates; it's Catherine. An with just my, "Hello." I hear, "It's me." she says.
"Yes I know!"
"Where are you?" she ask
"I'm at the 19th Street Pub where I've just finished my drink, an was about to leave for the train station, then home." Replying.
"Don't leave. I'll be there in a few minutes." she says.
"Alright Catherine, I'll wait." in reply.
An with her curt, "Bye." The call drops.
Where now its thinking, what can I say to salvage this thing. I know I can be a jerk sometimes. And I know I'm most definitely in love with her! And I also know it will be a long, long time; if ever, before I get over her too.
But lost in those thoughts as I'm staring out the window again until some minutes later I see her walk by, then look over to watch the front entrance. Where a few seconds later its the hostess talking with with her, as Catherine points to me. But as she's coming towards where I'm sitting, she's also taking off her coat. Where I think, if she's taking off her coat, perhaps she intends to stay -- she did say we needed to talk. A glimmer of hope?
But when she gets to the table, her only acknowledgment that I'm here is a cool look. After that, she puts her coat over the empty chair before she steps up, and sitting down in the chair across the table from me an stares out the window.
Where I want to say hello, or something, anything. But its the server interrupting with her asking Catherine if she would like something to drink.
At that Catherine looks at me, and ask, "What are you drinking?" Very curtly in her asking it. "My usual, vodka and bitter lemon." Calmly replying back.
With that its Catherine's telling the server, "I'll have what he's having." Where I ask, "What, no Chablis tonight?"
Where the look I get from her tells me I should not have said that!
Then with her staring out the window again, its not another word spoken between us until the server returns with her wine. But after taking a few sips of the wine, an setting it glass down on the table, is where she looks at me with, "Bob..., don't EVER..., make assumptions about me! She says. "Remember, I said something about that, and men making them." Her lecturing me.
"Yes Catherine I remember. So what assumptions have I made?" Stone face looking back at her. Plus not being addressed like that gets my jaw tightening, I know she can read -- it's my Marine Corps rank getting in the way, as I turn my head to look out the window -- easy Swaggart.
"Instead of letting it die then an there Bob." She comes back, "You went on with, "I assume it was the husband of my married friends." Then the stupid, ignorant remark about my love life. First Swaggart, THAT, is none of your damn business! Second, my relationship with that couple is very private, and extremely personal!" A very stern lecture from her. Where I expect her to get up and leave after that.
"Yes, Catherine. You certainly let me know how personal it is." Turning my head back to look at her.
Not good Swaggart!
Where it's her look that tells me, I shouldn't have said that either!"
Then my quickly saying, "Catherine..., I told you, and especially with you, I may stick my foot in my mouth..., a lot. I didn't mean to intrude into your life. Especially what you have with them."
"But honestly Catherine, I am curious about that. You are such a beautiful, intelligent, so openly honest and fascinating women, that I can't help wanting to know everything there is about you. An you're right! My, "assumption," finger quotes too. Was uncalled for. And your right with this too, I should have just let it die."
Like I've been doing all day!
"Yes Bob, I think you certainly should have!" She comes back at me. "Bob..., I may, or may not tell you what you might want to know about me. But if I do tell you anything, it will be on my terms, and when I'm ready -- if I tell tell you anything at all! So, like I told you already, there have been other men who have made, assumptions about me, and they're still smarting over it!" Her stern reminder.
"Yes Catherine, like..., my ego, and the rest of me have been all day!"
Where her expression hasn't changed to acknowledge my predicament.
"So then Catherine, you're telling me this is a time I need to apologize. And not by just saying, I'm sorry?"
Knowing I would crawl naked on my belly through a mine field covered in rusty barbed wire, and broken glass, just to kiss her ass.
An still, with both of us staring back at each other, I see a definite coolness in her eyes as she says, "Yes.., it..., is!"
"Alright Catherine I promise..., I won't pry into your private life. I also promise to tread very lightly when it comes to anything else about you. Plus, I will also tell you anything you may want to know about me. But..., and like I told you, there are limits to what I may tell you too."
Where her expression softens slightly just before her, " Go to hell Swaggart!"
"Yeah, like I've been there Catherine..., and again, all day today!" My answer being the truth, that hell part especially.
"Good!" she says. "I'm glad to hear it!" Her coldly replying.
Which has me thinking, the woman is not only beautiful, she has a hell of a mean streak too!
"Catherine you're killing me girl. Turning my head slowly from side to side. And it's cold blooded murder!" An her smug look tells me she knows it too.
"So..., how did your meetings go today -- well I hope?" My asking, hoping to get us off the subject we've been talking about.
"It's been a long day Bob!" she says. "But I think things are on hold for now. Nothing is going to change, at least in the near future. But I'll be meeting with them again sometime in the next few weeks."
"Well, can I ask what it was all about?" Trying to keep away from the other subject.
"Bob, there are some people in our organization who think the program is to expansive, and to expensive." She says.
"Where they would like to make some changes to it because they don't believe the facts, and figures we've been presenting every quarter. Which..., have been showing how much of a success the programs have been in helping those it's been designed to help."
"Wow, bean counters, huh?" My asking.
"Yes." she replies. "Plus some micro managers who think they can do it better with less."
"So, you convinced them to hold off on any cuts, or changes?" my asking now.
"Yes!" she says, in reply.
"Good for you! So how did you manage that if they didn't believe the facts, or the numbers to begin with Catherine?"
"I went back to their hotel, and fucked them!" She says. An just as straight faced and cool as she can be. Of course knowing she's saying it facetiously.
I don't know what she expected as far as a reaction from me. But I'm a rock -- not even a blink. As the seconds tick by with out another thing being said, or do our eyes ever leave each others until my, "Well Catherine, at least they'll have a good nights' sleep before they have to travel back to where ever they came from." Sticking my neck out again.
Sill watching her face, which hasn't changed one bit. Then out of that beautiful mouth I hear, "Fuck you to Swaggart!" Quite blunt.
"Yeah Catherine? That's not the first time I've had that hurled at me." Where I think that was uncalled for, my stone cold expression looking back at her.
"Bob...," she says now. "After Jon and I were married, and the house was finished, I really had nothing to do -- so I went back to school. Then one weekend at a dinner party at Jon's parents I was introduced to a man who's a vice president in IIG. Who, has a son that was severely injured by a road side bomb during his deployment in first Iraq. Who, was having all kinds of psychological issues; not to mention dealing with his physical injures." Begins her narrative.
"Bob, this vice president wanted to initiate a program within IIG to help others, like his son, get the help they needed. But he needed more information on programs, where they existed, that were available, and successful. And if they didn't exist, create them, and fund them. But he needed ammunition to support his proposals Bob."
Where she goes on with, "So after talking with him for over an hour while he was also asking me some questions, many unrelated to the subject of what he wanted to do."
"An me, telling him about my being a military brat. Also telling him about my mothers divorce, and the death of my stepfather, and what we went through with that loss. An when we finished he asked me if I wanted a job -- telling me he was looking for people with backgrounds such as mine, who would look at it from their personal experience."
"Bob, I immediately said yes!"
"An when I told this same thing to Jon, who wasn't so keen on me working, especially for an insurance company. But he understood my need to be doing something important."
"But it was Jon's father who thought, "What would people think about one of his daughter's in-law having to work? You mean, his oldest son couldn't provide for his wife?"
"Like he even had anything to say in the matter; the son of a bitch!"
Wow. That last remark sets me wondering.
"So, after I worked a year as a research assistant gathering facts, figures, statistics, case studies on everything, and anything I could find on active, discharged, and retired veterans with anything related to accidents, injuries, combat or not. Also, anything relating to emotional, or psychological issues."
"After that Bob, I spent months collating, and organizing that information. Then it was several more months of distributing that information to anyone requesting it on any of the subjects, fact or figures I researched. Then it was, thank you Catherine for all your hard work -- we may be getting back to you."
"Where I thought, that was it?"
"So instead of being a spoiled lady of leisure like the other woman in Jon's family Bob. I went back to school, but only for one semester. Because one evening I got a phone call from this vice president wanting to know if I would come to work as his administrative assistant on this program that was being instituted within IIG. Of course I said yes; I'd love to, I told him"
"Where a year later I got promoted to the job I have now.
"An where I've put my heart and sole into it for the last five years. An I would do just about anything to keep it from being burdened with unnecessary funding cuts, or tinkering from, "bean counters or micro managers." She's saying.
"Who are looking at just dollar signs instead of the results. Which, I showed them today, was proof of the company's investment in this program was paying off in saved lives, saved families, and saved futures for every one it's been helping."
Her taking a break now. Where I almost stick my foot in my mouth by saying something about the, "fucking them," wasn't really necessary then. I can be dumb, but not that dumb! So to get her mind back to now and me, "Did you take time to have lunch so they could absorb what you presented to them -- giving yourself a break too Catherine?"
"Yes and no Bob." she answers. "We ordered lunch in, and continued with the meetings. With only restroom breaks, or time outs to make, or reply to phone calls, or e-mails"
"So what did you have for lunch?' My asking, just to keep her on the subject, instead of on me.
"I had a salad, and a diet ice tea," Is what she tells me.
"That's it? All day Catherine?" really surprised.
"Yes." She replies.
Looking at her in disbelief at what she just told me.
"Would you like something to eat now Catherine?" my asking. "We can go into the dining room..., get away from the activity in here."
At the same time thinking, or hoping she'll relax, and lose some of the tension she's feeling towards me.
But it's not what I hoped to hear when she says, "No Bob. I'm really tired, and it's been one long, and stressful day. So I think I'll just go home." She's telling me now.
"Sure thing Catherine, I've known lots of those days too. But going home was never an option then." Certainly truth in that!
"Okay then. I'll get the server and take care of the drinks."
An while waiting to catch the servers eye, "Wait a minute Bob." Catherine's saying. "Maybe if I do eat something I'll feel better. So lets go to the dining room." Catherine, her look a little softer now.
Maybe the realization of what I just said about, "going home not being an option for me." Pales to her getting into her sports car, and driving home.
The server, who's looking our way, comes over where I tell her we're moving to the dining room. Also asking if she will be our server over there too. Replying, "Yes, an I'll have the hostess seat you." She says.
Then following her to where she's telling the hostess we would like a table. But it's Catherine interrupting asking for a booth, where she's pointing to one on the far side of the room.
So after being seated, and ordering fresh drinks, where this time Catherine orders the Chablis, as I pick up a menu the hostess left behind, and begin reviewing the items.
Knowing too, the food and the portions here are always generous -- it's what's referred to as "Tavern food." And another good thing too, you can order anything on the menu up until thirty minutes before closing time, but only for take out.
But after sitting here with nothing exchanged other than a word or two about something on the menu. Where I'm beginning to think the subject I wanted to get away from is still very much on her mind. But the server returning with our drinks interrupts the silence when she ask if we're ready to order.
"Yes, I am." my telling her. Where I look over at Catherine for some reply. An without a look back, or to the server, "Yes." she says. "I'd like a mushroom, Cheddar cheese, and asparagus omelet. And please ask them to hold everything else." she says
Where I'm thinking, asparagus? Yuck! That stuff makes your pee smell like asparagus. But not saying that out loud.
"An your order sir?" the server asking me. " I'll have the club sandwich on whole wheat toast with extra mayo, extra bacon, crisp, and what ever the default that comes with it will be fine too."
"It's fries, and a slice of kosher dill pickle." The server replying. I love kosher dill pickles, but they always come back on me.
An with a glance over at Catherine, where I think I see a slight head movement indicating, no. I take that to mean she doesn't care for the pickle. "Yes, that will be fine." As I'm closing the menu, telling the server.
Then taking a long swallow of my drink, before lounging back into the corner on my side of the booth. Where I look across the table watching Catherine who has done the same -- but she's not looking back at me.
Where I want to say something, hoping to get some response from her; what ever it is. When at last it's me with, "Thank you Catherine for that peek into your world with IIG. I can identify with your passion for your job. My..., other job cost me a lot too. An awful lot!" Hoping for some sympathy back.
"Yes Bob." Her acknowledgment. "From what you've told me it was a lot. But cost come with everything, don't they?" She says, looking right back at me.
"Yeah, Catherine, they sure do." The same time looking back her.
"But we compensate, an hopefully go on Catherine."
An not getting a reply to that, I take a short sip of my drink where she's turned away to look at whatever she's been watching that I can't see from where I'm sitting. Where I wonder if she's watching the couple that was seated across the room when we came in. Only because she's been staring off and on in that direction while we've been sitting here. The man, a nice looking guy, as well as, the quite attractive lady he's with. Where I wonder if they remind Catherine of someone?
"Catherine, Is everything alright?" My asking, knowing it's not.
"No it's not Bob." she replies. "I've been thinking about things. Plus, I'm..., just really tired too." Confirming what I was thinking earlier about it not being good for me.
"Okay Catherine. Then why don't I tell the server to have our orders packaged for take out?" It's not asking, it's more like telling her.
"Maybe that's a good idea Bob." Is her reply without a look back from her.
I've learned through much of my training, when people avoid eye contact, they're holding something back, or avoiding a confrontation. An with Catherine avoiding eye contact with me, she holding off what I know is coming, only not in here.
"Sure Catherine, I'll be right back." As I slide out of the booth, and look to where she's been staring. An yes, that couple is still there. Who at this moment, appear to be quite into each other. I can read faces, and body language very well. And what I've been reading in Catherine's doesn't seem to be written in my favor. An when I get back to our table I find Catherine is already standing by it with her coat on.
An getting my jacket from the booth, and putting it on, where the server is back to us with two plastic carry out bags, one containing Catherine's order, the other mine. I asked for them separated that way because I felt I would be eating alone again.
Then after the server says good night an leaves us its Catherine with, "Do you want me to leave a tip?"
"Of course not Catherine. I've already taken care of that. So if you're ready, I'll walk you to your car."
Then following her outside where she turns left, where I see her car parked at a meter a dozen car lengths down the street.
"I thought you might have parked in my buildings lot again Catherine -- maybe to avoid a parking ticket." Breaking the silence asking it. At the same time, hoping it will break her icy silence.
"No Bob." She says. "I wasn't planning on being here that long." She says right back.
Her words sounding as cold as the night air, her icy demeanor confirming what I've been thinking all along. Meaning, not at all good for me.
Then just as we approach her car, she unlocks it a few steps from where it's parked, and steps into the street to open the drivers side door. An with me holding the door as she gets in, where I hand her the carry out bag with her take out in it.
Then, easing the car door close an wait to see if she'll roll down the window to say what I've expected her to say inside the Pub.
But as the window starts to roll down, it hits me -- Why wait to hear it like this -- standing it the middle of a busy street, on a bitter cold evening -- that, I definitely don't deserve!
So with just "Good bye Catherine." An taking a quick look, up and down the street as I'm turning away from beside her car. Then its quickly across to the other side. where I thought I heard her calling my name. But the noise of a large truck going by drowns out what was most likely -- only my wishful thinking.
Walking along at my regular pace I can feel the cold night air starting to work its way into my bare hands, amplifying the feeling that I've fumbled away one the best thing to ever enter my life. So breaking into a easy jog, which is not enough for me to break a sweat, just quick enough to carry me further away from the icy chill I left behind.
An pulling my scarf up a little higher, and snugger around my neck, before switching the carry out bag from my left hand to my right, tucking it in close like a runner carrying a foot ball so I can warm my left hand in my jacket pocket.
But stupid distracted me, I have my gloves in one of my jacket's inside pockets. But I've reached the north end of the plaza where I think, hell it's only four blocks to the Market Street train station. An Jogging, I can cover that distance in no time. So why open my jacket just to get the gloves, an allow the rest of me to get cold.
But about a half block from the train station entrance I hear a long blast from a car horn along with the screech of tires up ahead. An looking up the street to see what that was all about I see a small car finishing a U-turn in front of the train station entrance -- thinking that was pretty dumb! Because for one, you can't make a U-Turn at all on Market street. Plus you can't stop to pick up or drop off anyone directly in front of the station entrance either. That's for cabs, limos and transit buses only.
As all of a sudden I realize that car looks familiar. An yes it is as it pulls to the curb just in front of me. The passenger side window already rolled down where I hear "Bob, stop!" Catherine calling my name through the open passenger side window.
Stopping at her words, but making no move towards the car, even when she calls out, "Bobby, please get in!"
So stepping a little closer to the open car window, "What do you want Catherine?"
"Bobby, I want to you to get the car now..., please!" Her sounding insistent.
"No Catherine." my reply. "I think I'm just going to go home. If you want to talk, call me later, or maybe we can talk tomorrow."
"Bob, get in the FUCKING car!" Some real insistence in her voice with that. Instantly followed by a much softer pleading; "Please."
Knowing I could never say no to her, or how much she's has me, I move to the car, an open the door to squeeze myself into the passenger seat.
With that, and not even waiting for me to fasten my seat belt, she pulls away from the curb just ahead of another blaring car horn behind her -- which she just cut off.
Where its down the street, merging into the light traffic around the plaza, then back up 18th Street where she runs the traffic light at the next intersection gets me shaking my head in disbelief thinking, "God watches over fools; me! An beautiful angry women in fast German sports cars; her!"
But never a word is exchanged from the time I get into her car until after she's parked in the parking garage of her sisters building. Where we've remain sitting in the car as she stares out through the windshield at the concrete wall with the number of her sisters apartment stenciled on it.
Then with a deep sigh, Catherine opens the car door and gets out, followed by me doing the same. An not asking, she hands me her brief case before closing the trunk, then walks towards the elevator leaving me standing by the car. But before she gets to far away, "Do you want to take your food with you Catherine?"
With hearing that, she stops, turns back around, an using the key fob, unlocks the car.
"So, I guess the answer is yes Catherine?" An without a reply, I open a car door to retrieve both packages, then follow her to the elevator, where we ride up in silence.
An when exiting the elevator it's down the hall to her sisters apartment door, where it's the same thing as the night before, where she walks in, turning on the lights as she passes the switch panel just inside the door, with me following in behind. Leaving me waiting for what happens next.
Then with her standing at the edge of the steps down into the sunken living room. "You can put my things in the closet." She says.
"Catherine, am I supposed to close the door behind me first?" Tipping my head slightly indicating the still open apartment door. "Yes." she says, as she's taking off her coat.
Then walking back to me. "An would you hang this in the closet too? She ask, as she holds her coat out to me. "An I guess you might as well hang yours in there too." She adds.
Where its quiet obvious with everything I'm holding, her briefcase, and the two plastic bags containing our take out food, and now she's asking me to hang up her coat too. Doing that, I made need some extra hands to accomplish everything
But what's this I see..., something in her eyes -- maybe a smile in the corners of her pretty mouth as she reaches out for the two plastic bags, taking each of them from my hand, then opening the closet door, where she hands me her coat. Then she turns away to take the steps down into the living room an disappears in the direction of the kitchen.
But only after she's out of sight, is when I close the apartment door. Where I put her briefcase in the closet along with her coat, and my jacket -- which I've hung beside hers.
But right after closing the closet door, and turning back towards the room its where I see Catherine doing a slow walk behind one of the sofas taking off her blazer, and laying it over the back of the it. An with hardly a break in her stride as she's coming towards me -- its what I see in her face now.
Oh yes, it's that fire in her eyes which alerts all my senses. This woman is on a mission from hell, and I'm the target in her sights!
But just before she gets to me where I start to say her name, is when she launches herself at me. Where the force and momentum of her body slamming into mine pushes me backward against the apartment door.
Then..., the surprise of surprises, as her arms go around my neck. Is followed by her mouth smashing onto mine, with her tongue forcing its way into my mouth. Where my arms have automatically wrapped around her, holding her so tight against me she squeaks.
Oh, My, God..., how I love the feel of her in my arms! The smell of her, the warmth of her body, and that sound in her throat has my heart back flipping with joy.
But just as suddenly as she slammed into me, she forces herself back enough that we can easily see each others faces, where that fire in her eyes, is now a whole forest ablaze.
An with her face contorted in anger, she spews at me, "Damn You! Damn..., how I hate you for dong this to me. The force of her words taking me by surprise.
Then slamming herself back into me, where that mauling of each others mouth picks up where it left off right before she cursed me. Where now my thought, "Jesus Christ lady, are you going to hate me, or rape me?" Because its the feel of her pelvis grinding against the growing bulge in my pants makes me think -- its the latter.
So taking a chance it's rape, I start working her shirt out of the waist band her skirt. But then its her pushing me away, where she grabs my hand, and tries to pull me back towards the great room.
But instead of going with her, it's roughly yanking her back to me, an turning so I can push her body face first against the apartment door, which starts her futile struggle at trying to get away from me.
But with my strength, plus my weighing a good hundred and twenty pounds more holding her tight against that door, she's not going anywhere until I decide to let her go -- as I finish pulling her shirt out of the waist band of her skirt.
But as I start pulling down the zipper of her skirt its, "NO BOB! LET GO OF ME!" she screams against the door.
Hesitating at letting her go! It's then, and with even more instance, "DAMN, IT, BOB! I SAID, LET, GO, OF ME!" Much louder this time.
So releasing my hold on her, and backing away a few steps where I wait for what happens next.
An with her eyes burning into mine, chest rising, and falling with her heavy breathing, she quickly unbuttons the shirt, and shrugging it off, and reaches back to unhook her bra, letting it slip down her arms to meet her bunched up shirt at her feet.
After that display of getting topless, is when I begin to imitate what she just did by removing my shirt, then my tee shirt. And when finishing with that, its slowly walking towards her as she backs up -- only to be stopped by the apartment door where I lay myself heavily against her -- fully enjoying the feel of her firm breast, and her already hard nipples pressed into my chest.
"I hate you Swaggart!" She hisses.
"I really don't believe that Parker." My reply, my mouth almost touching hers.
"Believe..., it..., Swaggart!" She says. But in a slightly strangled voice.
"I know that's a lie Catherine!" As I cover her mouth with mine, sucking her tongue into my mouth, pressing my body even harder into her -- squashing her firmly between me and the apartment door.
Now its her hands fumbling at the front of my jeans, working at my belt, pants button, then at last getting my zipper down, she reaches into my pants freeing my swollen hard-on, an wrapping both hands around the shaft, begins furiously stroking it like like she's punishing me for making her want it.
An with my lips now against her ear, at the same time my right hand fondles her right breast, alternately tweaking it's taught, brown, berry tipped nipple, or pressed into my palm.
"Is there something more you want to tell me..., Mrs. Parker?" Gets me a, "Fuck You Swaggart!" An with my mouth barely touching hers, "Good idea Mrs. Parker!"
An faster than she can react I'm already backing away, pulling her with me, where its piratically dragging her down the short steps into the living room, where its forcing her down onto her knees, in front of the same sofa she laid her jacket across the back. An using my weight, and strength again to force her face first, her shoulders and chest squashed into one of the seat cushions.
Holding her down like this, I shove my hand up under her skirt to grab the waist band of her lavender panties to roughly pull them all the way down over her cheeky butt to the middle of her thighs. At doing that, I can't help noticing the wetness in the crotch of the panties. As well as the glistening wetness in the slit of her fat peach.
Now moving up behind her, an without even caring how hard I enter her, shove my dick into her until my belly smacks firmly against her ass brings out her screaming, "YOU, FUCKING BASTARD I HATE YOU, YOU...PIG!"
But that's just one of what she's been calling me from the time I forced her onto the sofa where she struggled to get away
But now, with my dick well ensconced inside her pussy, its become a solid stream of her cursing my parentage
Where I'm not even caring about how she feels or what she's calling me as each time I pull back to do her hard, over and over, before my senses take over that I'm -- raping her -- and..., I just might be hurting her.
Only to suddenly realize, she's been pushing herself back to meet me by shoving her ass back, and forth, riding her pussy over my dick.
An bending over her back so I can get closer to her ear, goading her with, "So much for the fighting, and cursing me, huh Parker?"
Where its pulling out of her so I can pull her panties the rest of the way off, only to have then get tangled up around one of her high heels. But what's funny, that while I've been doing that, she's hasn't once tried to get away.
Then using my knees to nudge her legs apart, where I move up to enter her roughly once again to pick up where I left off.
Where the thought of fucking her brains out takes over my better sense as I bang back, and forth into her, to the sound of flesh slapping against soft flesh. But as hard as I go at her, she's kept up with me with shoving that beautiful ass back to meet my every thrust into her.
But only until its her fingers digging into the sofa cushion, her hips twisting in my hands as her head comes up in an orgasmic cry, and with the feel of her pussy pulsing around my dick sends me over the edge, pumping my seaman deep into her belly -- my body shivering with my own orgasm keeps my hands squeezing her hips -- holding her ass back tight against my belly as my final spurts go shooting into her womb.
My God, how the woman drains me!
Her cries, screams, the cursing me that was filling the room before, where now it's so quiet I can hear the blood rushing in my ears.
But with me laying heavily on her back it's pressing her down into the sofa cushion. So thinking I should lift my weight off her, but as I start to back away its to her, "Bobby, don't pull out yet!" She says..
But its to late. As her copious creamy pussy juices along with my seaman have made her to slippery for my slowly deflating dick to stay inside her. An when it slips out of her pussy it's with her, "Oh Shit!" She curses. "I asked you not to leave me!" She says.
But I'm already sitting back on my heels where I can see why she wanted me to stay in her. Because there, leaking out of her pussy, is the combination of her juices, and my seaman dripping onto her sisters white carpet. Then smacking her ass sharply, "Sorry lady; it's to late!"
With that, its her sitting up, where she leans back against me. An wrapping her up in my arms, she turns her head to meet my kiss.
Where its taking her with as I roll onto the floor, as we lay there for long minutes of long kisses. When suddenly its her, "I do hate you -- I want you to know that." She tells me.
But I'm thinking, how much I Love Her!
"Why do you hate me Catherine? "My asking her.
"Because I hate the way you've made me feel. An the way you've screwed up my life, turning everything in it up side down, and inside out." She admits.
Which reminds me I said as much this morning.
"Which has me so damn confused, unsure, angry, even afraid because I've never felt like this." She says.
"Bobby...," she goes on. "I've pretty much always been in control, sure of myself, and what I've wanted. But since I met you, I'm not sure of anything any more."
Yeah, me to -- only silently to myself.
"Okay Catherine, that's understandable. Because I seem to have that affect on women." Teasing her.
"WHAT!" Sharply comes back. "Why you arrogant bastard! You can go to hell too!" Her cursing me again.
Where my laughing only antagonizes her even more.
Which gets her climbing all over me as we roll around on the floor where I have her laughing, giggling, and squealing from my tickling her ribs, or pinching her brown berry tipped nipples, or forcing my hand up between her legs grabbing a hand full of her very..., very wet creamy pussy, or hand fulls of her beautiful ass.
Until it's "Bobby, Bobby, please stop!" She ask, out of breath. "You are so driving me crazy." she says. "So maybe that's another reason why I hate you."
"You know Catherine, with all those conflicting emotions, you just might be going through early menopause. You think?" A dig at her.
At hearing that, her mouth drops open, her eyes wide staring daggers at me to a, "FUCK YOU TOO!" She'll say that a lot, yet to come.
Where I can't contain it as I start laughing all over again.
But that deadly look on her face has already turned to laughter and her, "Damn you Swaggart! You are really are driving me crazy!"
"Yeah, Catherine, I have that affect on women too!" Another dig at her
But instead of getting cursed at this time, she nods her head slightly, maybe acknowledging, that in her case -- it's true.
"Now I have to clean up this mess you made on my sisters carpet." Chiding me as she's trying to get up.
"Mess I made? -- Catherine? -- You're blaming me?" "Some of that is yours too you know." Right back at her.
"Yeah some." she says. "But you!" She comes back!
"Where do you keep all that stuff?" she ask. "You couldn't have re-generated that much in one day -- where I thought I got it all last night." she questions. "The wet spots on my sisters bed were huge!" Not an exaggeration her saying that.
That wrecked bed I brought up that got me shot down in flames this morning.
"Yes Catherine I can." Coming right back. "I have a pretty efficient reproductive system. Plus I keep a baggy of it in my pocket just in case I run into situations like this."
"DAMN you Swaggart!" she curses me. "You are so full of shit!" She accuses me. "An what..., you couldn't even take your pants off? Her looking at me laying there with my pants down below my knees -- my wet floppy dick laying back on my lower belly.
Get up Swaggart." She commands. "You look ridiculous laying there like that." Mocking me now.
"Well Catherine, I couldn't get my jeans off because I didn't want to take the time to pull my boots off -- an the jeans won't come off over them. Plus, you were so hot to trot I wasn't going to waste any time letting you cool off." Another dig.
"HOT TO TR...,! You BASTARD..., I swear you're..."
"Yeah Catherine, you've been swearing a lot lately!" My grinning at her.
"Uh Huh! An now I'm going to get a towel, and soapy wash cloth. And that soapy wash cloth is to stuff down your fucking throat!" Her threatening me.
Then she's up, but before she starts to leave I notice her panties are still wrapped around her ankle. An not wanting them to trip her -- "Catherine, you might want to unravel your panties from around ankle.
Where she looks to see what I just told her. An lifting her leg enough to remove the high heel shoe and the panties tangled around her ankle is when I ask, "Catherine, can I have them?"
Where she looks at me with, "What? Why would you want these?" She ask, now holding them in her hand.
An needing to think quick, because I really don't know why I asked that,
"A trophy Catherine. So I pin them to the headboard of my bed along side the others I have there -- trophy's belonging to all the other women I've had the great of pleasure knowing -- like I've been knowing you for the last twenty-four hours."
It's a lie, because I don't -- but, maybe I should?
"You..., fucking..., pig!" she calls me. "Instead of giving these to you -- I should stuff them down your throat!" she says. An quickly bending down to get closer to me where she forcefully rubs the panties all over my face -- leaving behind the erotic, musky scent of her pussy up my nose,
The with both of us laughing, she hurries off to the bedroom we shared last night.
Getting up to rearrange my pants, and stuffing my slippery wet dick back inside them, it's over to where our clothes are laying on the floor by the apartment door.
An picking up my tee shirt and putting it back on before gathering up my other shirt along with hers'. But when I pick up her bra is when I see the small tag, 34C, -- yeah, very ample! But as I'm walking back across the room is where I see her coming out of the bedroom with the towel and wash cloth.
An stopping just before I reach the sofa so I can watch her, still naked from the waist up coming towards me, admiring how her perfect 34C breast jiggle slightly with each step she takes. But when I don't move out of her way when she gets to me, "What now Swaggart?" Her bluntly asking.
Glancing down at her perfect breast, "I like the way things move when you walk Catherine! As I've told you -- you're just so beautiful to watch."
Gets her eyes dropping momentarily in feigned modesty. An when she looks back at me with that drop dead, knock your socks off smile, an kisses me lightly on the lips, is followed by, "Thank you! Now please get out of my way so can blot up OUR mess."she says.
Then as I step aside, "Where would you like these?" As I hold up her shirt, and bra.
"Oh, just put them with my jacket." she says. "I'll take them back in the bedroom. An..., while I'm doing this...," She goes on. "Why don't you make yourself useful, and get our food out of the refrigerator. An I'll warm it up when I get back there. Oh, an while your at it too, how about making some coffee. We still have some things to talk about." Her sounding pretty bossy, but still -- I'm loving it!
"What ever you say Catherine." Where I walk around the sofa to the kitchen to first, set up the coffee maker, then retrieving our carry outs from the fridge to place them on a counter top. In my world, coffee comes before most things.
Leaning against the counter, while waiting on the coffee maker to finish, where I've been wondering what she may have in mind that she still wants to talk about. An when looking across the great room to see her walking back into the bedroom carrying her clothes is where I sense, what I was worried about all day, may not be what she wants to talk about.
It's her breaking into those thoughts when she comes into the kitchen, wearing that shirt she had on, where it's partially held closed by two buttons over the swell of her breast -- their hard nipple bumps proudly showing, as walks up to me with, "The coffee smells good!" she says.
"Yes it does. I've been waiting for you get back here before having some."
"So?" She says.
"So what?" My reply
"So why are you still standing there, and not fixing us some. Plus your blocking me from getting at those take outs."
But not moving as I stare back at her, "Say please." Just me, being obstinate.
"Okay...," she drags out. "Please move so I can warm up our food." she says. "Then sit the fuck down so we can have dinner, and coffee together..., okay?" Firm but sweetness in her voice.
Reaching out to hold her hips to pull her in closer, she tips her head slightly like she's expecting a kiss. But it's only, "Sure Catherine, I'll fix the coffee." Then moving her back slightly so I can get around her.
An letting go of her so I can move to another over head cabinet where I retrieve two cups, its hearing, "You bastard..., I swear!" She says, looking down at what she's doing -- thinking I wouldn't hear it,
"You were saying something Catherine?" Without looking at her for a reply.
"Yes!" she says. "Now fix the damn coffee! Then sit down and shut up. An Swaggart..., if you start laughing I'll smack the shit out of you with the first heavy thing I can lay my hands on!" A non threating threat.
Then turning my back to her where I know she can hear me choking back my laugh -- where I wait for what ever she finds to crack my skull with. But all I hear is a snort from behind me as she's trying to hold in her own laughter too.
But now that I've fixed the coffee's, and sitting back at the table she ask, "Do you want me to warm your sandwich? I can put it in the oven for a few minutes while I reheat my omelet?" She's asking me.
"No Catherine, you don't have to do that, I can eat it cold."
With that, she removes it from the box to ask, "I can heat the French fries in the pan with my omelet too, if that's okay?" She ask, looking back at me..
"Sure Catherine, that will be fine."
But then she says, "This pickle has got to go. I don't want to be smelling kosher dill pickle on your breath all night."
All night she said? Okay...,
"Oh? So Catherine..., am I to assume you want me to stay again tonight?" Knowing that from what she just said.
"Yes I do!" Her reply, without turning around to say it directly to me.
"Oh! Alright Catherine, I'll think about that while we're eating, then let you know afterward." Just another dig at her.
Slamming the pan she was going to use to heat her omelet down onto the stove top burner. Then picking it back up, and turning around to wave it at me, "Damn it Swaggart, you're pushing me!" She says.
"Yeah Catherine, I'm good at that too -- pushing people."
Where all of a sudden the fire goes out of her as she turns back to the stove to finish getting our food ready, as I sit quietly sipping at my coffee watching her.
An with her reaching into an upper cabinet, to retrieve two plates, an sliding her omelet onto one, the French fries onto the other. Then opening the box containing my club sandwich to place that on the plate with the fries. An taking a fork from a drawer, she brings both plates to the table -- setting my sandwich in front of me before her taking the chair across the table from me.
Where nothing said except when I told her, "Thank you." When she set the plate down in front me. An now watching her take a bite of her omelet, "Is it alright?" Thinking it lost something in freshness coming over here.
"Yes, not bad for being reheated." She replies.
An taking a bite of French fry, still watching as she stabs a piece of asparagus. But before she can put in her mouth, "You know Catherine, that stuff makes your pee stink!"
Which gets her looking back at me, "It's good for you." she says. "And much better for you than that bacon and mayo smeared all over that sandwich." Her come back.
"Nah, this is man food." Looking back at her as I take a slice of the cold bacon, and put in my mouth, where I over emphasize chewing it.
"Were you intending on smelling my pee?" She ask, after she had taken a bite of the asparagus spear to chew it slowly and swallowing it.
"Catherine, I wouldn't care what you smelled like, I'd still eat you alive." And I would -- the faint scent of her pussy lingering in my nose from when she rub the crotch of her panties over my face.
An without a reply to that, she takes another bite of her omelet before setting the fork down, and looks at me.
"Bob." She says. "I thought a lot about you today. Because every time there was an empty moment you slipped into my thoughts, which kept distracting me from what I was there for."
"Catherine, I thought about you all day too. I told John about what happened with us this morning. An several times today he asked me if I was okay, because I wasn't really engaged it what the class was doing."
"Bob..., I was trying to think of ways to tell you I didn't want to see you again. That last night, as wonderful and exciting as it was -- that's all it was. And that I wished you wouldn't try to contact me again."
Hearing her saying that reminding me of what I thought I was going to hear earlier tonight. An not like I heard it from Sally, calling me from her grandmother's in Virginia, telling me she wasn't coming back.
"Catherine, I was feeling something like that was coming." Replying to what she just said.
"You cooled off so quickly this morning. Especially after I..., after what I said. Where you very quickly, and quite bluntly, put me in my place in your life."
"Plus the ride in the car back to my building was colder then the air outside. Where I expected you to say something like you were just saying before I got out of the car. And tonight in the pub, I thought this is where it started, and this is where it ends. And you were just as cool as could be about it."
"An while we were sitting in that booth Catherine -- I could see you were very distracted, obviously something was on your mind. Where I thought it was coming then."
"And when we got back to your car...," My going on. "Catherine, I'm not a coward. Where I damn sure know I don't have to prove that to anyone! An bad news..., I know how to give it..., as well get it too. But this time I wasn't going to wait around to hear it -- especially in the freezing cold, with the traffic going by. So I decided right then to get away from you as quickly as I could -- just get out of your life. Maybe, making it easier on you. So Catherine, why haven't you said it?" Directly asking her now.
An looking up from her plate, and back over at me, "Because Bob, it would have been a lie. It's not what I want." She says.
"Then what do you want Catherine?" Asking right back
An holding me with her eyes, "Bob, I don't know yet!" she says. Is followed with a deep sigh "I've been so..., confused -- feelings I don't understand. I've been so..., emotional -- it's not like me to be this way. What I said about being sure of what I want -- now I'm not even sure about that anymore."
"Bob..., she says now. "I can make a decision and run with it. Because it's usually been the right one for me. But since I've met you -- I'm not sure of anything." A confession?
"In that case Catherine, maybe I should go. Let you sort out your conflicts, and what ever happens; happens?"
"No Bob!" She says. "I don't want you to go. And I want you to stay with me tonight, tomorrow night, and Thursday night. But we can't stay here Friday, because my sisters house keeper comes here only Monday through Friday. If we were to stay Friday my sister would come home to a, "finger quotes now." Messed up spare bedroom."
She smiles, I laugh!
"Catherine, I can't stay tomorrow night because I have a class tomorrow night with a preliminary paper to turn in. The final version I'll turn in next Wednesday. But I would love to have you come and stay at my house." Asking -- surprised at myself too.
"What? Bobby, stay at your house?" Her very surprised sounding.
"Yes Catherine! And Thursday night too."
"Catherine..., this time here with you has been..., crazy wonderful, crazy exciting, crazy magical, and this morning..., I thought heartbreaking. Catherine, you have been a life changer for me. An somewhat like you..., I was living a pretty good life as a single guy."
"Catherine, I have some very nice friends who've made my life, sort of like yours; interesting. and very pleasurable too. But like I've told you too, meeting you was like being hit by one of those speeding trains."
" So.., would you come and stay with me. I'll even pay your train fare back and forth to the city so you won't have to drive in. I'll take you to the train station in my truck, and show you the ins' and outs' of commuting by train again. Just so the next time you're there because of an ice storm. That way, you won't be so confused like you were, and maybe have to pick up some guy to help calm your nerves." Another playful dig at her.
"Pick up some...! Fuck you Swaggart! " She curses me. "I didn't pick you up! I told you I'm not that kind of...,"
"What ever you say Catherine." Breaking into her rant.
Where I don't quite know how to interpret her reactions, with her changing facial expressions, body language, posture. It's almost comical watching her. But I won't laugh at her; just yet.
An now that she's calmed down, but still staring daggers at me.
"Catherine, as I was about to say, I'll even order pizza. Then we can sit in front of the fireplace with a glass of wine and eat it."
Laughing to myself, pizza and wine?
"Bobby, that sounds nice." Her much calmer.
"Catherine, I have a nice home. I'm sure it's not as big, or elegant as your house, at least assuming that from parts of our conversations. But Sally and I put a lot, and I do mean a lot of blood, sweat, tears, and her trust money into that house. An that's the main reason neither one of us wanted to sell it after our divorce. So please believe me Catherine, it's not some bachelor dive. My house keeper keeps it very nice, neat and clean for me -- So Catherine?"
"Bobby..., is it alright if I think about that before I give you and answer?" She ask.
"Of course it is Catherine." replying. "What ever your answer is, you will always be welcome in my home."
"It's just..., Bobby being here I don't have to make up something for Jon about where I am, because he knows I stay here a lot. But if I stay because of..."
Where she suddenly stops -- because she was about to say, when she sees, or stays with, "HIM" at his hotel? It's her uncertainty about how she wants to phrase her explanation about fucking, "HIM."
"Where I can honestly tell Jon I'm staying over with a friend who's in from out of town -- because we'll be working late." She says. Where she knows that I understand exactly what she's implying.
Where I want to laugh at the, "working late." But I won't. Because I can't. I've already been put in my place in her life once already today over that. And what ever that place is now, I don't want to lose it for good.
But I'm good at not showing my emotions, or what I may be thinking too. And sitting here, sort of impassively waiting for her to continue telling me what ever she was going to say just before that hick-up about, "HIM."
"Also." She goes on. "Jon will be getting home Friday night." She says. "Then Saturday evening I have to accompany him to an event he needs to go to. It's a business thing -- wine, and dine with people important to the family's business. It's..., the rubbing elbows, discussing projects, that kind of stuff. Then Sunday afternoon, " She goes on. "There's a birthday party for one of Jon's brothers; his father is hosting a party for him at a restaurant. Then Monday I have to get things together in preparation for a trip to DC on Tuesday. Where I have to meet with the people that couldn't make it to Pensacola. So I'll be there until Thursday, maybe even Friday. Then I..."
Looking at me as I wait for her to continue. An when she doesn't, "Then what Catherine?" My asking.
"Bobby this morning after I parked my car and while walking to my office I got a call." she says now.
"Okay. I assume it wasn't Jon."
"No, It wasn't Jon. It was..., first it was my..., the wife of my married friends. She wanted to talk about me coming over the following weekend. We had already made plans for..., something a few weeks ago." She says now.
"Catherine, you don't need to explain anything to me. But if your wondering about me, or if you're wondering about what I would think, feel; don't!"
Not sure I really mean what I just said.
"But if this, us, goes on Catherine. I want you to always know..., your life, your friends and whatever you do with them will be yours to do as you always have. I would never attempt to interfere, influence, or get in the way in any way, shape, or form, of anything you ever wanted to do. I just want you in my life when ever, and what ever you choose it to be."
"So now Catherine..., maybe I really should leave. I think you need some time to yourself, maybe drink a bottle of wine, get drunk; get some sleep. You did look tired in the pub tonight."
"Swaggart don't you even dare, think about leaving!" She says back at me.
"Okay Catherine, then what?"
"Bob...," she says. "Just shut up and..., eat your..., "Man sandwich!" With that, greasy bacon, and greasy fires. While I make up my mind for both of us; again!" She says.
I think that's going to happen a lot
"Okay Catherine." replying. "I'll shut up. But this sandwich would have tasted much better with that pickle you threw down the disposal." Replying in my defense.
But all I get back is her, " Up yours!" Her smile coming along with it.
"Yeah sure!" Right back at her.
"But my breath would have smelled better than your pee after you've been eating that..., that, asper-disgust!" Mocking her back.
"That's okay Bob." she comes back with. "Because you won't be smelling my breath if I'm sucking your dick" She says to my surprise!
"At..., the same time you're smelling my pee, because you'll be eating my pussy."
Holy Shit! What was that?
"An almost choking, spilling my coffee on the table with it!"
Where she's up, and back with a hand full of paper towels, helping me blot up my spilled coffee. Then taking my cup away an rinses it out, then refilling it, an bringing it back to place it back in front of me, "Now please try not to spill this one." She says, scolding me.
Then leaning back in my chair, waiting for her sit down. "Catherine, that was one of the best come backs I've ever heard coming from a woman. Girl you kill me! You are definitely killing me!" And her smug look telling me she knows it!
"Well Bobby." she says. "Maybe I was just expressing what we're going to do next. So now, I'll let you in on something else about me, and that is, I love sucking a dick. And I've sucked a lot of dick." She says, setting me back with that!
Where my surprised expression has her saying, "I said dick, not dicks." she says "So let me correct that now" She comes back.
"There was a high school boy friend, and a college boy friend..., then Jon. An of course there's -- what you stepped in it with me this morning. An "HE," is very out of bounds." She reminds me. "An...," Hesitating for some reason?
"That man I told you about." She goes on with. "You know, I told you about stopping before it went further." Her reminding me, along with keeping that to herself.
"I think..., " She says, going on. "It's because it's a control thing." saying now.
"Because I can bring him up to the point where he's about to cum, then backing off to let him cool down." she says. "That's because I love to tease, and tease until he begs me to let him cum."
My thought now, is it him, meaning, "HIM," Jon, or -- this guy she just passed in front of me again.
Where she stares off like she's remembering something, about something? "But instead...," she says now. " Where I to tease just enough to bring those little droplets out with just my fingers."
This woman has a mean streak, I can see that!
"Any way..," As she comes back. "After that is when I go down on him, holding him in my mouth -- letting him cum." She says. "Where I love the feel of his shaft pulsing in my hands -- that's control! Don't you agree Swaggart?" She ask, staring back at me.
"I had you going last night, didn't I?" She goes on without waiting for a reply. "You were begging for me to stop; am I right?" She ask, knowing she did. Amazed at what she just said.
"Yes you did Catherine, nodding in agreement. "I pride myself in having pretty good self control, but I almost lost it with you. So, your talent has provided some very lucky men..., an experience they won't forget, I would think."
"I hope so." She says. "Because it's what I want it to be.
"Jon and I..." She goes on. "Well, my first time was my high school boy friend..., he couldn't control himself any better with me doing that, then he could fucking me. My second was that creep I mistakenly dated in college. Him..., well after what he did to me I stayed away from men for a long time!"
College creep, what was that about, my thought?
"Now there's Jon." her going on. "Where he likes me to do him after I've masturbated for him -- he really love's watching me do that, and other things. Which, has been most of our sex life."
Her confession to what she alluded to on one of our phone calls, but what other things, she said?
"Doing him like that seemed to be the only way he could keep a erection." As she goes on. "But that's okay, I have fun doing it for him, and I initiate it too -- because I know it pleases him. Plus when he could keep an erection, sex with him wasn't all that spectacular." She admits.
"The next man...," She hesitates now. "I'll just say this, was quite an experience! An truthfully Bob, I'd probably be seeing him today if I had stayed with him that night."
Which has me wondering about that too. But I'm not going to ask about that! She's already said a lot I think! But she hasn't exactly told the truth in that; her stopping before it went,"that far." That I'll learn, in a way I sure wouldn't expect to!
"But then its..., "HIM." Her breaking into my thoughts.
"And that's out of bounds for now, as you found out this morning." Her reminding me of my fuck up!
"An now Bobby..., there's you. I would love to do you! Bobby you have a gorgeous dick! An what little I got to do to you..., yeah! Plus it's the way you fill me..., perfectly! Where you've drove me out of my mind the way you fucked me last night -- an this morning -- Oh My God!" She says.
"The way you did to me this morning in the shower! I don't..., I don't know what it is you do, but you move me in ways, and take me places I didn't know existed in me."
Thank you girl, Giving me another ego boost!
"Something happened in there, didn't it Catherine?" Pressing for more, knowing how much she was so turned on by being, "dogie fucked," the way I took her. "So what was it, Catherine?" My asking.
"Was it the roughness in the way I took you, Catherine?"
Now that fire's back in her eyes.
"You did tell me you like rough sex..., right?"
Her eyes burning, their heat could bore holes from that stare. Then her, "GO, to, hell!" Coming back at me.
"I told you Catherine, I've been there, and that's for real!"
"Damn you, damn..., you!" She cures me. "Why do I let you make me feel this way?" she says now. "DAMN IT!" As she looks past me.
"You..., you, just feel, so damn, good when you're inside of me, moving in me, moving with me. I can't describe the feelings, but all I know is, you really..., move me!" She finally admits.
"So...," now her taking a breath. "I want to finish what I started on you last night." she says. "So, if you're not afraid of my pee smelling like asparagus -- I'd love for you eat my pussy a lot more. You, my sweet lover, are good!" she says. "I mean really good! I know, because my pussy has been done that way by a lot of women who know how to please a woman like that!"
She's already told me that, and oh, how I love it!
"An, I'll tell you this too Swaggart -- I really LOVE having my pussy played with!" She starts. "What I mean is, I love the feel of fingers, lips, tongues making love to me like that!"
"Maybe you've already guessed I have a very sensitive clitoris, so I can cum very fast if I want to -- or it can be almost painful if the stimulation is too rough. But with the right amount of tender touching, yours on the train. Warm wet tongues, yours too! Lips playing around it, you drove me crazy with that! Will have my fist balling up the sheets screaming my lungs out!"
You certainly did, my thought.
I did have her doing that! Plus her reference to the train, and the collar of my leather jacket; her teeth marks still there, reminding me of that day every time I put it on.
"But..." She begins. "That's if I'm in bed with them -- but if it's someplace else..." She goes on. "Which, it has been many, many times. Stuffing something in my mouth to muffle those screams has to be close by -- sometimes even my own panties, or..., maybe even my partners. Or..., like with you, the convenient collar of your leather jacket, will almost..., keep my orgasm from being overheard by people I don't want to hear it."
I heard that a lot last night, that's for damn sure; my thought.
"And just so you know this too Swaggart." Her going on with more. "There have been plenty of women who have made me feel like that. And when it comes to fucking, I love to fuck! In anyway, and every way. And I do mean every way! But only one other, so far, has known me like that. Until..., again, you!" She says, building my ego up even further.
Damn! I hope my mouth isn't hanging open like a fool.
Because what she just said has completely stunned me by how open, honest and straight forward she is. I can't think of any time during my marriage to Sally, or any of the other women I've been having a sexual relationship with. Or with..., yeah -- that's been fun too! Have any of them said anything like Catherine just revealed! An everything she said is true! Because I've experienced it with her. I keep saying this because it's true -- she's incredible!
Now its her words breaking into those thoughts when she ask, "Bob, are you okay?"
When its only replying back to her because she's saying, "Bob?" Like maybe I didn't hear her the first time.
"Yes Catherine..., anyway I think so?"
But as she starts go on its where I raise my hand interrupting with.
"Catherine, you are the most incredible woman I've ever known! You are so, open, honest and completely unafraid to say what you feel, what you've done, what you like, or want to do." My telling her.
"Lady, you've opened up another part of your life to me, and knocked me head over heels backwards by doing it!"
"Bob,..," She says. "You're not the only one I've talked to like that. But you're the first man I've opened up to like that."
"Heck, my closest girlfriends..." she goes on. "An I share lots of details about ourselves, our sex lives, sexual interest, and desires... and kinks. My best girlfriend Sarah and I share everything; there's no secrets between us." She tells me.
Kinks? Where did that come in? And what are they?
"Catherine..., girl, you got it all! Looks, brains, personality, charm, poise..., everything any intelligent man, with any common sense, would die to have you in his life."
"An Catherine, I can bet Jon knew that right from the first time he met you -- I think I knew it too Catherine."
"Catherine, I may not be the brightest bulb on the string, but I'm not the densest rock in the pile either! Plus, I do know something good when I see it. That's why I didn't do what you asked, an that was, not to follow you."
"But like I said then Catherine." Reminding her. "It was because I needed to know who you were."
"An Catherine, now that I know who you are, and you lady, are the most openly honest and natural person I've ever met in my life. Along with being the most complex and exasperating woman I know too. Lady, I've never in all my experience have I encountered someone like you!" My telling her the truth.
Leaning back in her chair where she looks across the table at me, as I wait for her to say something. Where everything I said was meant to be, and hope she takes it as a compliment.
But after, what seems like minutes, and bites of my sandwich, along with another empty coffee cup, it's finally asking, "Well Catherine, have I said to much? Am I wrong..., again? An did I step over another line? And, have I made to many assumptions, and now I should leave..., Catherine?"
"No Bob!" Simple and direct.
An with a slight nod of my head in acknowledgment, "No..., Catherine?"
"Bob..." her saying now. "Tell me what I just told you." She asking me?
"What Catherine?" Taken a back. "Do you mean, repeat what you were telling me Catherine? My confusion.
"No Bob."she says. "I told you what I like, and what I like to do. So what do you like?" Is what she's asking.
"Is it like ah..., admitting to your face, what I did when I heard you, and your girlfriend in bed together, Catherine?"
"Yeah..., exactly like that Bob!" Her straight forward answering me.
"Damn lady, you're really turning the screws -- like you did this morning with my stupid assumption."
"I'm good at that..., screwing." She says with a straight face.
"Yeah girl, don't I ever know that!" Right back at her.
"Thank you!" she says. "But what I want from you, is to tell me, just the way I told you Swaggart, about me! But, first that complex, exasperating part -- yeah, you got that right Bob!" She says. "And what I said about assumptions; believe it! Don't!" For emphases.
"Trust me lady!' Saying right back to her. "I won't ever do that again!"
At the same time thinking, I don't want go through another day like today over you.
"Well Swaggart, I'm waiting!" Her chiding me.
"Alright Catherine, I love to eat pussy. And I've had the privilege of eating a lot of pussy -- Sally loves it! So I devoured hers a lot! An those two ladies I've had the great pleasure, and the enjoyment of knowing so well, have complemented me on my oral talents. Plus, the wife of the couple Sally and I were involved with, she loved me for that too -- and still does!"
"But Catherine, there's much more to that relationship then I ever expected! But, I'll leave it at that for now."
Because there's more to -- oral talents!
"Then Catherine, there's another lady I've had the pleasure of knowing very intimately, but only once. Although I've received some ah..., very explicit photos from her since I've been divorced. Along with them, it's her wanting to know when I'm coming to Hawaii. But there's a conflict there, and it's not distance."
Avoiding explaining that too.
"An now, there's you Catherine." Continuing. "You..., have the most beautiful pussy I've ever had the pleasure of orally making love to, plus every other way it can be reached!"
She blushes, I laugh at her .
"Your perfect fat peach, beautiful pink coral lips, and that "clitoris" of yours, looking like a small penis poking out from under it's hood; its big Catherine! I thought, My God, I could nurse on it till my lips were blue."
Is that more embarrassed pink I see on her cheeks at hearing that?
"So then Catherine, I've done a good share of pussy eating. And yes, me too, that is; I love to fuck. And I most assuredly, love fucking you! No exaggeration there, that's for sure lady!"
Finishing, I hope what she wanted to hear.
"Okay Swaggart not bad." she says. "But I damn well know I've tasted a lot more pussy on my tongue then you ever will." she smugly admits. "Like I've told you, there have been many, many lips and tongues on my pussy. Yours being the latest. You..., will be memorable!" She compliments me.
"Lots of pussy on your tongue, and your tongue on lots of pussy. How lucky could a woman be Catherine?
"Well, I think I am." she says. "And like I said too, I love sucking dick, I love eating pussy, I most certainly love my pussy licked and played with. And since I've experienced what it's really like to have strong, mature, experienced, very exciting men making love to me -- I really love fucking too! And you Sargent Swaggart, who, I really, want to fuck you as often as I can!"
Her saying all that with a straight face, her arms across her chest, like it all was just another conversation over a dinner table. Damn! How can I be so lucky?
"Some, "ups-men ship," huh Parker?" Asking her now.
"No..., just telling it like it is." She says.
"Okay! But like I told you this morning Catherine. I don't have to prove anything -- to any body! So now what, arm wrestling? I know damn well I can one up you on that!"
"So then..., I think this would be a good time for me to go Catherine."
An not sure of the look she gives me as she gets up and puts her plate, and fork in the dishwasher. But when she turns back around and begins unbuttoning those two buttons holding her shirt closed, only to pause like she's not going to go any further then just letting the shirt gape open, where it's still covering most of her beautiful breast.
Then pulling her skirt around, unbuttons the two buttons at the waist, pulls the zipper down, an while holding the waist band in one hand as she lets the skirt slide down off her hips, down her long beautiful legs, where she steps out of it.
An holding the skirt up as she neatly folds it then looks at me with, "I'll be in the bedroom masturbating." Its her telling me now. "So, if you care to join me in some activity we've been discussing, I'll be happy to accommodate you." she says.
"But first, put your plate in the dishwasher, fix the coffee maker for tomorrow morning, and turn out the lights. And don't take to long about it either Swaggart! I'm already very wet from all this talk about sex!"
She just threw down the gauntlet!
Then turning her back to me, walks out of the kitchen with my eyes glued to this tall, long legged, gorgeous woman as she's walking away, her beautiful ass, covered only by the tail of her shirt, moving with the rhythm of her walk. Oh yes, a woman in every sense of the word, passing through the great room to disappear into the bedroom we shared last night.
Slumping heavily against the chair back thinking, Oh Dear God, where has she been all my life? An even if this is a dream I'm walking through; God please don't wake me from it!
Taking a little longer than necessary, doing the things she asked. An mostly just to see what she'll say or do when I finally show up. Then turning out the lights, where it's first over to the sliding doors to look out at the snowy scene across the river -- which is just another way to kill some time before going into the bedroom.
But when I get to the bedroom door it's; holy shit! Because there she is, laying on her back, knees up, legs open enough for me to see her fingers moving in, and over her wet glistening pussy, doing what she said she was going to do; masturbating!
When realizing I'm there, "You're almost to late." she says, seeing me in the doorway. "I was very close! Now get your handsome ass over here! An what the hell took you so long?" She commands.
But wanting to drag out this little game of hers a bit longer, "No Catherine!' I tell her. "Watching you laying there playing with yourself was to breath taking to interrupt -- so please continue." Telling her that as I'm leaning against the door jam.
But its her turning the screws as she's lifting, and pulling her legs back almost onto her chest, obscenely displaying her beautiful ass with its tight brown butt hole, and her wet slightly gaping, over stimulated pussy, where she peeks around her left thigh saying to me, "Only if you come here an masturbate so can see you cum on my puss, justy like I'm showing it to you now." She says.
My god, you beautiful slutty bitch. How could I never be in love with you!
"Turning the screws? Huh Parker?"
Oh hell, is she ever! But I love this screwing.
"If you want to watch me," she continues. "I want to watch you doing it over me." Her breaking my balls, and she's loving it too.
Is this some of the kink she alluded too last night -- perhaps?
"This wouldn't be the first time someone else has seen me like this!" she teases. " An just so you know, it's been " HIM," doing what I just asked you to do." She's telling me?
"HIM?" She says. Holy shit -- he must be one lucky SOB! So be careful Swaggart, that was the mine field this morning.
Now it's a thought back to just a few weekends before I met Catherine. Where I was with Jennifer, and Alex at my house, the three of us, and how that has developed into -- more with Alex. Also that following Saturday with...,
An now, an maybe because I haven't moved, she goes on with, "Bob, when you ease dropped on Nancy and me you did it, so why not do it now -- with me, and here?" She taunts me.
Snapping me back from those other thoughts,
"How about this Catherine?" As I walk to the bed side. "Why don't you call Nancy, and see if she can be here in the next five minutes. Then I'll morph into a fly, and hang on the wall, and watch you two like I wish I had been doing that night."
Oh, My, God -- wishing so hard I had been there that night!
"Swaggart, get handsome your ass down here!" She says. Dropping her legs, holding her arms out to me with both of us laughing as I fall into her arms.
"You are so full of shit Swaggart, and so much fun!" she says. "I could never tell you I didn't want to see you. Now get these clothes off, and get busy eating me!" she says.
"Yes Ma'am! Your wish is my command!
Sitting on the edge of the bed now, where she moves to help with getting my shirts off.
But when standing to remove my pants she's up and moves around in front of me. An pushing me hard enough that I fall backward onto the bed, where she's down between my legs, working at getting my pants undone.
An when she has them open, and down far enough to free my hard-on she's right back up, swinging herself up, and on top of me, where she's pushing her pussy right into my face; grinding her wet peach all over it.
An me, I'm going to love eating her like this -- I love a hot sixty-nine! An this crazy women is going to be something wild and hot!
An now with my dick in her mouth, and me, with her finger tip, "girlie dick clit," right in my mouth, where my tongue has been roughly lapping over it, breaks her mouth grip on my cock with her crying out, "Damn You!" Her legs flexing, and quivering -- her head now down between my legs crying out her orgasm, muffled between my thighs.
But just as soon as she recovers from that one, it's right back to taking my dick in her mouth, where her hands had never lost their grip on it. But right now she's popping the head of my cock in and out of her mouth like she's sucking a lolly pop.
Damn! She's just to good to be true, swirling in my head -- curling my toes.
Now she's bobbing of her head up and down, at the same time sliding her saliva lubricated hands up and down my shaft, is taking all my will power, and effort to hold off my orgasm.
So moving my head away just enough to get two of my fingers in her pussy. Where it's the vibrating of something she must be trying to say -- while she's holding my dick in her mouth. To my thought, you shouldn't be talking with your mouth full Catherine.
But what really gets her now, is my very wet middle finger putting pressure on her clenching brown rose bud. Brings her head up off my dick with her, "NO! NO! NO!" Swiveling her hips from side to side trying to avoid what she's not going to keep me from doing. As my wet finger tip breaks into that clenching butt hole, to an even louder, "NO!" As she struggles to get away form that probing finger tip in her ass.
Then using my strength to sit up, leaving her legs split around my arms, my elbows keeping her legs apart, she helpless with trying to get away.
An holding her upside down like this, where the only thing she can do, except for the flailing, and kicking of her legs in the air, is to curse my parentage over and over. An like last night, with my mouth clamped onto her -- trying to suck her pussy down my throat.
"DAMN YOU!" Bouncing off the bedroom walls, now with her hands gripping my thighs trying push herself up, which only keeps her pussy tight against my mouth even tighter.
So shifting from, trying to swallow her pussy, to clamping my lips onto her, "girlie dick clit," an sucking on it like before tight away weakens her arm strength -- leaving her face down between my legs, where her futile struggle continues at trying to get away me.
But it's no way! I'm just to strong for her. Leaving her with no other option except to struggle, and squirm in my arms, an cursing me to the walls at her indignation and frustration.
Now falling backwards onto the bed, gets her back to where she was when we started this contest. Where she grabs my dick, and stuffs it into her mouth, furiously bobbing her head up and down sucking on it like a mad woman, trying to take revenge on what I just did to her.
Where this vision of her doing her husband Jon that I'd pictured in my mind when she was telling me about doing him orally. But with him, was she the one sitting on the edge of their bed with his dick in her mouth after she masturbated for him, that flashes in my mind.
But now like this morning with my, Jon Parker, "if you could only see your beautiful wife now!" Then, cursing my self for thinking it -- but now wishing it!
Because in my case too, I wondered if the guy had the same thought about me. But maybe -- only because of our long friendship and shared experiences, I don't even think it would have entered his mind -- he, just wanted to fuck Sally's brains out!
But now it's Catherine suddenly stopping what she's been so determined to do, and turning herself enough to look back at me, "Why did you stop?" She ask. "I was just hitting my stride." she laughs. Breaking into my thought of this morning.
"What, you think this is a marathon, Catherine?" Laughing, raising my head just enough to see past the globes of her beautiful ass cheeks
"Do you think you need a break?" She tauts, coming right back, still stroking my wet dick in her hands, then wiggling her ass, gets her butt hole just inches from my nose.
That shifting her hips again, pushes her pussy into my face, where the sent of her sex had kept my dick throbbing in her hands. But its her beautiful, talented mouth that's going to get the best of me. But, surrender is not an option in this battle -- not yet anyway..
Now holding her right where she is, it's back to working my tongue between those coral pink labia, stuffing it into her pussy to the feel of a squeal in her throat vibrating my dick.
Then its back to toying with her, "girlie dick clit," licking over it, flicking it rapidly under the tip of my tongue, or pulling at with my lips, squeezing it between them, generating more squeals, and cries vibrating the head of my dick in her mouth.
When all of sudden, it's a real hard vibration in her throat.
Its the cry I hear as her mouth comes off me -- her body vibrating with her orgasm -- again, her legs kicking, and shaking -- she just lost the battle; again.
Gripping my thighs, she tries to push herself up, only to have her arms give out on her, dropping her back down to a muffled, "Damn..., you..., Swaggart!"
Swaggart by two, wins! Parker surrenders?
Now I'm just loving the feel of her on top of me like she is -- my hands smoothing over the sweet globes of her butt cheeks -- spreading them apart with my thumbs, looking right at her tight brown butt hole. Where I saw the pulsing of that place between her pussy. That, "O," must have been a really good one, from the way it rapidly pulsed, along with her butt hole clenching in time with it -- I should have kept my finger in it.
"Bobby, let me go."I think she's saying? It's her muffled words from somewhere between my legs,
"Catherine, I'm not holding you! Telling to her. "You can move when ever you want."
Her head coming up, "Oh...," she says. Where she can feel my laughing at her. "It was that good, huh, Catherine?" Teasing her now.
"Go to hell!" I hear, as she's moving around, ending up back on top of me, this time, with her face just inches from mine.
"Catherine, I've been there several times, I told you. But if this is it, I'm one damn lucking man to have a devil like you fighting me."
"Thank you!" she says. Her head lowered with her mouth just barely touching mine, feeling her words as she was saying them.
"Your very welcome!" Saying back to those soft lips touching mine. Where it quickly turns into a hard demanding kiss!
Where it's minutes with the feel of her warmth and her weight on top me to soon broken with, "Bobby, now it's my turn." Lifting her head. "I didn't get to finish what I wanted to do to you!" She says.
"What Catherine, I won, you lost, you came first!" Holding her to me a little tighter. "I really don't need a reward."
"Yes. But only because you cheated Swaggart." She accuses me.
"Now how would I have cheated..., Parker?"
"Your bigger and stronger than I am!" she says, "So I couldn't really do my best work on you. Plus you stuck your finger in my butt, which distracted me. I wasn't expecting that at all; you bastard!" Her cursing me again.
"That, "best work," -- "finger in her butt," gets me laughing out loud to her, "Stop laughing, it's not funny, that wasn't fair!" Brings on her laughter too, realizing how absurd that sounded.
"Your too much girl!" Squeezing her into me. "You're just so much fun Catherine, and so damn beautiful, it's no wonder I can't help..." Shutting off what I was about to say out loud.
"And you're a hell of a lot of fun too Swaggart! She says. "But, fun or not, you cheated!" Her accusation again.
"Alright Catherine, best out of two falls now? I know for sure you'll lose that to my secret ancient Oriental trick of...,"
"What secret ancient Oriental trick Swaggart?" She interrupts. "I think your blowing smoke, if you ask me?" She says after some thought.
Smart mouth beautiful bitch; I love it! Which has me laughing into her face.
"The trick Catherine, is sticking my middle finger all the way up your ass till my palm is flat against your butt cheek..., Parker!" Telling her. "You only felt the tip of it this time, and it had you squealing around my dick -- right?"
"Fuck You!" she says. Laughing back in my face, followed with kiss.
"Or perhaps..., something..., longer, thicker in there... Parker? That would really have you squealing..., wouldn't it?"
"Hmm?" Her thinking. "Well..., it wouldn't be the first time..., but with you? I..., don't know..., you're a pretty big boy!" Her smiling in my face. "But..., I might give it a try, but not to night." She says.
"Your too much girl!" Laughing at her again, Now my hand behind her head pulling it down, kissing the breath out of her!
"Bobby." her breaking the kiss. "Now, listen to me okay?" Her sounding serious.
"Sure Catherine, what ever you say."
"It's not what I say Bobby!" she comes back with. "It's what I want you to do." She says. "An that is, I want you to prop some those pillows under your head, and lay back, and let me..., do you! And, I promise it won't hurt you a bit. Now, please do as I ask?"
"How could I ever resist a request like that Catherine!" Kissing her one more time before she rolls off me.
Now it's reaching behind me, grabbing two pillows and stuff them behind my head, knowing what she going to to do, I think my toes are already curling in anticipation.
Where she's already moving my legs apart, as she gets on her knees between them.
Oh My God, this is going to be good -- only this time, she's going to kill me for sure, and I'll love every minute of her doing it! My thought as she settles in.
Where she already has her hands around my dick, shaking it, wig-wagging it back and forth to her, "You've got a really nice dick Swaggart! Its beautiful, almost like it was sculpted to just the right length, and girth, making it just right for me; long, thick, where it fills me right up tight!" She's saying.
"But the best part of your dick..., I guess, and I really shouldn't tell you this...," She's saying, stroking my dick some more, then pops the head of my dick into her mouth. Snapping my head up to see her holding me in her mouth, with those beautiful eyes looking back at me -- as her fingers slide up down the shaft.
"Is...," As she pops the head out of her mouth, "The handsome guy it's attached too." Sucking the head back into her beautiful mouth again, this time, taking even more of me till she has to stop because she can't breath -- I'm so far down her throat. Snapping my head back off the pillow once again.
Where, OH, MY, GOD, -- how does she do that? But it's what she does next!
Dribbling saliva over the head of my cock, and down the shaft when she comes up, her hands following her mouth releasing me. An using that wetness, slides both hands up and down the shaft of my dick, masturbating me, dribbling more of her saliva as she works those tight hands up and down, while looking back to see my tortured face peering back at her.
"What's the matter Swaggert? Something got a hold of you?" She teases, a gleam in those beautiful eyes.
"Catherine...,"
"Shut up Swaggert!" she says. I'm in charge now! And I have some questions for you now." she says.
"What questions Catherine?" Asking, without raising my head from the pillow.
But if I had, I would have seen one of her hands gripping me just below my cock head, as she was dribbling more of her saliva over it.
"I want to know?" She's asking. "While you masturbated as you were, "perving," on Nancy and me? Or..., did you jerk off after the call dropped?" Where the head of my cock is back in her mouth, holding it tight, her lips squeezing it, as her head bobs up and down like she's nodding yes, over and over.
"Well did you?" The torturing my cock stopping just long enough for her to ask that.
"Catherine." Carried on the heavy breath leaving my lungs.
"Did you use one hand or two?" She comes back up asking.
"WHAT?" My head coming up off the pillow getting an eye full of her head moving up and down, with my dick held tight in her mouth. An breaking just long enough from this exquisite blow job, "Did you use two hands while you were doing it? You could easily fit both of your hands around your dick." she says.
Where it's back to teasing the head of my dick with her tongue wiping over it like she's licking an ice cream cone.
"Only one." Struggling to get that much out. "The other hand was holding my phone to my ear Catherine." telling her.
"Right hand or left hand?" Her asking, just long enough for her to stop licking my cock head.
"I'm right handed Catherine." Laughing with my head pressing back into the pillow to the feel of her almost swallowing my dick. GOD HOW DOES SHE DO THAT? Screaming in my head again.
Coming up, with just a little clearing of her throat. Where its back with both of her hands sliding up and down my shaft, her mouth holding me tight as she follows their sliding up and down -- has my knees squeezing against her shoulders, fighting to hold off what she working so hard to get out of me. OH..., MY God! She's incredible, a natural if there ever was one!
Suddenly stopping with her, "Lift your legs!" she says. "So I can get between your legs better." More a command then a request.
"What?" My come back.
"I said lift your legs up!" She says again -- now with her hands trying to do it. "What for?" I ask. "Because I want you to, that's why!" She says.
Then the feel of her hands lifting them up, and pushing them back to the point my feet are now flat on the bed.
"Now keep them like that!" she orders
She'd make a good drill Sargent!
That thought broken as she takes hold of my dick again, lowering her head down, taking me back into her mouth, where she's sucking, and masturbating me, to a rhythm, that if she doesn't stop, I'm going to lose it, and soon! Where any self control I thought I had left is going all to hell.
When all of a sudden the crises is here, butt cheeks clenching with the intensity of my orgasm, driving spurts of seaman into her mouth, down her throat, -- working to keep up with the volume. GOOD GOD! My soul just left my body, where now it lives in hers -- she really has taken it from me this time!
Chest and stomach heaving like I just ran the course, my legs dropping back on the mattress. Then the weight of her moving up to lay on top of me. An forcing her tongue into my mouth with the salty taste of me on it, where I'm trying to force mine back into hers -- to more of that salty taste of me in there.
Admitting not the first time I've tasted salty -- it's not the first time I've tasted seaman..., Alex's in Sally's pussy, where I was thinking at the time, this was the most kinky thing I would ever do. Only to reverse myself at another time and place! That part, how will I ever explain that to her? The rush of air out of my mouth as we break the kiss.
"I like the taste of you." She says. Swallowing a couple of times -- like she's tasting it again, wiping her fingers over her lips. "You're Good" She says. " It took some hard work getting you off, but I loved doing it!" She's telling me.
Which has me wrapping her tighter in my arms, kissing her so hard she squeaks -- an oh how I love hearing that sound!
Her head laying on my shoulder now, a soft kiss to my ear forcing me into saying, "You took it this time Catherine. It's in your belly -- more than what you forced me to give in my orgasm." Symbolic, but still the same.
An she knows, she knows, it's my soul!
Because what she does now, is crushing her mouth to mine, so hard, it hurts both of us. I can't think of a time I've been kissed like this, it's real, it's genuine, it's honest feeling -- yeah, she hates the way I make her feel?
"What was that for Catherine?" breaking the kiss. "Something about hating me; maybe?"
"Go to hell!" I get in return.
But at this moment it's taking all of my self control again to keep from saying what I so desperately want to say out loud to her. Instead, lightly touching my lips to her ear, letting the movements of my lips pass it silently into it.
But later that night it will be her moving in my arms, her warm breath in my ear waking me from that beautiful post orgasmic sleep. But before I can even open my eyes I hear the whispering, so soft, and low, maybe inaudible if her mouth wasn't pressed to my ear -- and it's not my imagination, or part of a dream that I hear, "I think I'm In love with you Bob Swaggart." I know what I hear!
Trying not to let on I'm awake, because I don't want her to know what I think I heard to complicate her life any more than it all ready is. I meant it when I told her, all I want is her in my life, in what ever way she chooses it to be. Or for her to change for me. Because she..., will make up her mind; like she already said, for both of us.
But now I hear, "I know you're awake Swaggart."
Looking into her beautiful face just inches from mine as I open my eyes, "If you weren't making so much noise, Catherine, I'd still be asleep!"
"Go to hell Swaggart!" She says, never meaning it ever!
"Maybe some day Catherine, but not tonight with you here."
"We have to talk." she says. Kissing me again,
"Why do you keep saying that Catherine?" my asking. "I thought we did a lot of that back there in the kitchen." Replying.
"Yes." she says. "But this is serious. I was only playing with you then."
"Oh?" my asking. "So I guess everything you were telling me was just made up?" My question to her.
"OH, No Bob!" she says. "Everything I told you was true! But..., I was playing with you. Only because I love playing like that. Talking about things like that gets me very horny. And it turned you on too; didn't it?" She ask, already knowing it.
"Catherine, I would be lying if I said it didn't. But honestly, as I said, it was more surprise at hearing, YOU, talking like that."
"In that case." She says. "I have lots of stories to tell..., if you're interested in hearing them. Like girlfriends and..., friends." Is she teasing me?
"Oh yes Catherine!" saying back to her. "I would be very interested in hearing them. But Catherine, what I want to know first is, just, you! From the time you said, "Hello Bob, My name is Catherine." Anything before that, yes, well, maybe, I'm really not to sure. Curious Catherine, yes! But it's not important. I have a history...,"
And do I have a history!
"You have a history. We've already talked some about that. But these last two nights Catherine, have been one of the most incredible experiences of my life. And I would love to have...,"
I started to say, "A life time of it with you."
But keeping those words to myself instead it's going on with, "Many, many more, if you'll let me?"
" Swaggart, that's what I want to talk about. We need to work out how we're going to do that." she says.
"Okay Catherine, lets see...," Pausing to think. "You have some function this Saturday night. I'm leaving right after class for Virginia this Friday to see my daughter who's in a school play Saturday evening -- where I'll be back Sunday evening."
"Then school down here all next week, plus my class Wednesday night." An going on with. "The following weekend is a Reserve weekend, where our outfit will be leaving early Friday afternoon for up state New York, and we won't be back until late that Sunday night." An going on with,
"You already said you'll be in D.C. most of next week too. Plus, I think you said, you have something special with your friends that same weekend I'll be in New York." My finishing.
"Yes..., all of that sounds about right." She says.
"Funny Catherine, all of that hasn't happened yet, an I already miss you, and it's not even Friday morning yet. So Catherine, with that said, have you made up your mind about staying with me the next few days?" Asking, hoping she will!
"Bobby..., almost. I'm still thinking about that. It's just..., it's not..., I"m not sure how to make it work."
"I understand Catherine." telling her. "I don't want you telling someone a story that would make you uncomfortable in any way doing it. But know this, my home will always be open for you. And, you will call me -- right? Knowing she will.
"You shit! I've told you, call me anytime. Except maybe this weekend, where I'll call you when I can." her coming back.
"Well, I wouldn't want to interrupt any workouts again. Just in case Jon needs something worked out."
"Bobby please don't say it like that, I do care for him." Sounding almost like she's scolding me.
"Your right Catherine, I'm sorry." Apologizing again for saying something so damn stupid.
"That was so wrong in so many ways Catherine. Including my thoughts this morning with you in the shower."
"What thoughts are you talking about?" Her asking.
They were wrong thoughts Catherine, very wrong thoughts!
"Do I need to guess what they were?" She ask. "Oh!" she says now. "Were you thinking, or more like imagining something I told you about what I do with...," She ask.
"Yes Catherine. It just..., it was there; I'm sorry."
"Okay. So it turned you on imagining me doing Jon?" Pressing me.
"I guess..., no..., yes it did. But more like something that..., happened in my life some years ago, where I was let down by a friend."
"Like you listening to me and Nancy?" her asking.
"No Catherine! This was something already in the works. It was something I knew would happen sooner or later. Almost, but not quite like hearing you and your friend Nancy. More the look on the faces who couldn't look directly at me."
Now trying to keep the vision away again.
"Sounds mysterious Swaggart!" Her saying now.
"No, Catherine, not mysterious." Avoiding it.
"Okay." she says. "If you're not going to tell me, I guess you better kiss me." She says.
"Maybe the next time I'm with someone..., maybe I'll leave my phone close by so you can ease drop on another of my workouts." her teasing. " And maybe it won't be just two of us working out." Almost a wink along with it.
"Okay..., but if I hear a man's voice should I hang up Catherine?" My thinking, "HIM?"
"I'll leave that up to you." she says. "Especially if you call that weekend."
"Well, that may be interesting to hear too."
Maybe more interesting that just, Nancy and her? My thought.
"It always is! She says. "But, I haven't completely made up my mind about that weekend yet." She goes on
"I told you Catherine..."
"Shut up Swaggart and kiss me. And don't stop until I tell you to!" I love how she says that.
"What, ever, you, say, Catherine, is fine with me!"
But just as my lips are touching her mouth, an instead of it being a kiss it's, "I think that's your phone Catherine."
"Shit!" she says. Her body, laying almost on top of me going limp. Then rolling off me to the edge of the bed, my words following her, "It's not me this time Catherine."
A confused look from Catherin! It's was my referring to interrupting your workout. Is followed with an understanding smile as she leans back with a tap on my cheek before she's off the bed retrieving the offending phone ringing in her purse.
"Why is he...," She's saying out loud, at the same time silencing the ringing phone with, "Hi You!"
No..., No, I was already awake. Followed a few seconds later. "So where are you..., You are? -- How long have you been back? --" An right after her saying that she leaves the bedroom, listening to whoever was calling with saying something back to her.
But she hasn't gone far because I can hear her like she's standing just outside the door. Which makes me think it's Jon, who's back home unexpectedly, but that's instantly put to rest when she ask, "Okay, then where are you staying?"
If it was Jon, who most likely would be at home. But when its her, "No, I'm staying at my sisters, there was some bad whether here when I got back early from a long business trip, so I've been staying here for the last two nights." She telling that someone.
Then again a long silence, except for some, short replies, to what ever this someone on the other end of the call is saying until it's Catherine's, " Thank you, I'd like to see you too, and dinner would be nice. -- No, I can't this weekend because I have a function to go to Saturday night, and a family birthday party Sunday. -- Sorry I can't then either. Why? I'll be in D.C. on business, most of the week too. But if it goes as I hope it will, I could be back as soon as Thursday. The following weekend? Ah..., I may have plans for that, but I haven't made up my mind for sure about them either. -- Yeah, I lead a pretty hectic life, but still manage to see some friends when I can. -- Them..., We have a ..., We've talked about getting together that weekend. But..., that's still..., kind of up in the air those plans I just mentioned -- No we haven't. -- Yes. it's been awhile too."
After hearing all that, and where ever she was outside the bedroom, she's not there now, because I haven't heard another thing from her. So what ever they were talking about, it was done so it wouldn't be overheard.
So getting up to take a pee, than back in front of the vanity washing my hands and face with the thought, "Why is he?" Meaning unexpected. That, "He," tickling my curiosity more than it should.
Returning to the bedroom to see her putting the phone back into her purse, with my casually asking, "Is everything alright Catherine?" Has her coming up to me, "Yes, every thing's fine..., just..., just another friend unexpectedly back in town." she says.
"Okay. But in my case Catherine, unexpected phone calls late at night have usually been a heads up for something worst. So for you, I'm glad it was just a friend who couldn't sleep."
It's just my way of playing with asking it that way.
Where it's that look in her eyes, and the smile just before she steps into me, "I think you were just about to kiss me before we were interrupted" she says. "So why don't you finish doing that, then I'll go pee, and meet YOU," with her tap on my nose, "Back in that bed, where..., maybe I'll let you get some sleep this time!" teasing me again.
Wrapping her up in my arms, smashing my mouth onto hers, that squeal from deep in her throat thrilling me from toe nails to the hairs on my head! Then, letting go of her, only to follow her with my eyes as she disappears into the bathroom, with the door left open.
An waiting for her to return where I've been rearranging that pile of sheets, blankets, and pillows back into something we could sleep under. An with the lights going out in the bathroom, she's right back under them, and right back to where she was laying almost on top of me, picking up with the kiss I gave her before.
When its her breaking the kiss, "About what you were telling me of your imagining me doing with Jon." She says.
"Catherine...,"
"Bobby wait." she interrupts. "If your about to apologize again; stop! It's okay..., really! I can understand..., no big thing..., okay?" she says.
"Yeah..., I guess, and thank you Catherine!"
"In that case...," She says now. "About you hearing Nancy, and me."
"Catherine, I said I was...,"
"Yes you did." she interrupts again. "An I've told, and teased you about it too, and, it's alright. But what I haven't told you..., is that I also told Nancy about it." She drops on me.
"OH, Good, God, No Catherine..., you didn't?" My surprise at that.
"Yes I did!" she says "But it's what happened after I told her that's even better!" She hints.
"Damn Catherine, I hope I never run into that women!"
"Well I wouldn't expect that to happen." she says. "But..., she may get up this way sometime for a meeting or some other reason..., like me inviting her."
"Shit Catherine, I hope you'll tell me ahead of time if that happens, so I can be in Afghanistan or some other black hole in the world." Not really meaning it, I hope!
"Bobby stop. She was okay about it. In fact..., I guess I shouldn't tell you this either but...," her stopping.
"Now what Catherine?" my waiting.
"You remember, I told you she and I were..., working out, after we got back to the hotel from our tour around town, San Antoino." She says.
"Certainly I remember, Catherine."
"Bob..., Nancy wanted me to call you..., because..., she thought, it would be hot having you listening in while she and I were doing each other again. I called her a slut, but she was serious!"
"Really?" "Holy shit..., Catherine! So why didn't you?" Now the real pervert in me coming out.
"I'm not sure." she says. Maybe because I didn't know you that well then, and what you might think about me. And possibly what you thought about what I did with you on the train -- I told you I don't go around doing things like that. So you might have thought I lied to you about it. But.., what would you have thought if..., I did call so you could hear Nancy and me?" She's asking me.
"Interesting question Catherine." Thinking now.
"I'm not sure what I would have thought..., then. But I'll tell you this now..., if you, and Nancy ever get together again to work out..., please call! Or better yet, how about a video call instead? That way I could masturbate watching you two, and you two could watch me getting off to it." Then laughing at it.
"OH God, You are such a pig..., not to mention such a pervert too, Swaggart!" Which has both of us laughing.
"Yeah Catherine, I might be, but watching you with another woman would be the the high light of a lifetime! The only thing better would be me..., right there. But that's already happened; hasn't it?" My asking before thinking.
"What has?" Her come back.
"Another man there watching you with another woman."
She had already told me that, "HIM," that first night at, what was then, her new girl friends house.
Silence, no answer, no smart come back, or worse..., Have I crossed the line again.
When at last, and surprisingly it's, "Yes it has..., and so many times it's hard to remember when it wasn't!" she admits.
"Shit, I'm sorry again..., I stumbled across it again..., didn't I Catherine?
"No Bobby you didn't stumble. And I understand your curiosity about..., them. Like I said before, I will tell you what I want you to know, when I want." she says. "An I promise I won't bite your head off like I did this morning -- just be sensitive about what you ask." She says
"I completely understand that Catherine! I don't want another mornings like I went through over you." My hopeful wish.
"Bobby, no you don't! What I, and these people have is most likely way more than you could imagine. It's not just a sexual relationship, it's a friendship built on trust, and respect." She explains. "Bobby, I was so surprised at how the two of them were so free about sharing, no jealousy, even about him seeing me alone. I trust them to keep my relationship with them within a tight circle of close friends. Where they, and what we do together have become a very big part of my life for a long while now."
"An I'll confess this again Bob Swaggart. I have some very strong feeling for you! An like I've already said, I don't understand it, but it's there. An Bobby I know how you feel about me, and I'll cherish your feeling about it!"
"An now, so there's no misunderstanding about what I've been telling you." She goes on. "So what I'm about to tell you is..., I will do what I want to do, with..., the people I want to do it with. So the big question is..., can you respect that? An still feel the way you do about me?" She ask. "Also, something else I will tell you too."
All of that was certainly right out there for me to chew on. An now, after what I was beginning to think, maybe she's said to much it comes out, "Bobby, there is someone they introduced me to -- that phone call I just had. It's a man, a very nice guy. Who, I've been out to dinner with a couple of times. Thats why that phone call Bob."
As she goes on. "He wanted to see me again. An..., I would like to see him too. But my schedule, and family obligations, the ones I told you about, I had to put him off. But I know he will call again, he's very persistent, because he too, likes me a lot. Okay? I just wanted you to know..., no secrets, no lies from me about the people I see." Its her telling me like it is.
Where shes' been laying almost completely on top of me, her face just inches from mine while she was telling me all of that. And now, I guess, she's waiting for me to come back with something -- and I don't know what to hell to say!
An once again, it's how open, honest, and now, how forthright she's been with telling me things about herself, and, that relationship with those people and how very much that relationship has meant to her. She's basically asking, no, she's telling me, that as much as she cares for me, she may, or will see them for the reason she's been seeing them, and asking how I would feel about it. Plus letting me in about this other guy shes' seen too.
Where again I have to remind myself, I have no claim on her -- even though I want her so damn much my whole body aches, and all the time now. So what do I say? How would I feel if she had been with, "HIM," then came to see me? Would she even tell me? And who's this other guy she's just told me about now too?
My instincts, or common sense says, cut and run Swaggart! Save yourself like you did when you left her sitting in her car. Expecting her to say what you thought she was going to say. Damn how I ached then!
Where all this time she laying here, looking at me, waiting for something to come back from me. Only to move so she can lay her head on my shoulder, where I can still feel her eyes on me -- it's her still waiting on me.
When it's, "Go to sleep Swaggart!" She's telling me.
"I can't Catherine!"
"Yes you can!" She says right back.
"Okay, Catherine, how would you know that?" right back at her.
"Because Swaggart, I'm not going to kick you out of here, and especially out of my life -- I want you in it to much!" She says.
Did she really say that? Taking me by surprise, trying to wrap my head around what she just said, leaving me at a complete loss for words.
But then its my arm pulling her back on top of me, where her pretty mouth meets mine in a very long kiss broken with, "Catherine, you will tell me everything in minute detail what you did after you've been with them?"
Just joking -- I think?
But with this woman I'm learning, is that, anything is a possibility. But again Swaggart, what if she does, her taking it seriously, and it happens?
"WHAT!" Shes says, like shock and awe.
"I said Catherine..., you have to tell me all the details of what you...," Tapping her on the nose, "Did with them after you come back from being with them -- even if you have to call me on the phone to tell me!" Poking fun at her now.
Her mouth wide open in sudden surprise now, her eyes searching my face trying to figure out if I'm serious, or out of my mind.
"Did I say you were a pig Swaggart?" She says. "If I didn't.., let me say it now..., Swaggart, YOU..., are such a pig!" Smashing her mouth back onto mine.
Then her sliding off of me, leaving her arm across my chest, her head on my shoulder, her left leg over me, the warmth of her body easing my anxiety, where its her, "Go to sleep Swaggart!" She says.
"But Catherine I want to...,"
"I said, go to sleep!" More of a demand. "And turn out the light too!" She says, sounding like a mother saying it to a child.
Stretching my right arm out where I can just barely touch the lamp three times, turning it off.
"Thank you." She says. Snuggling in closer to me, her hand affectionately strokes over my chest, "We'll talk about things like that another time." She tells me..
What? To myself..., is she serious? Again, questioning what I heard.
Good God, what have I lucked into? A repeat of my thought from yesterday.
An now I want to cover her from head to toe with kisses, but I can't -- because it's her breathing softly as she sleeps curled up next to me, that stops me from disturbing this beautiful creature that's ruining my life.