Hands up? Double barrels Bitches. Just look at my tits, I call this fourplay.
*
1876...
"Yup! Still in Hell."
Sadie Outlaw opened her eyes to an early morning breeze over the rough terrain that she had set up camp on. Even in this era the sunrise was beautiful over Texas. She just wished that there was a Starbuck's right around the corner. Sadly, with as much gear as she was unwilling to leave behind a coffee pot was not on her list. For a well-trained soldier who sought to be a woman once more, some things just seemed more important. At least she brought a canteen of water. Clean water at that from 2022. As long as it lasted.
"Looks like the wild horses moved on." She squints over the horizon where they had clustered just before sunset claimed their majesty. It would have been nice catching a ride, but out here in no man's land, at least during this time period, any wrong move would be game over. Even though the A.I. of her uncle's mistress Tilly had informed her of the added capabilities to her body's strength, and healing, tackling a wild stallion only to get thrown off and lay out here with a broken back was not her idea of fun. Not that she wouldn't risk it. She was used to rough terrain from her military service in the Middle East. Hoofing it was never fun, but she had very little choice at this point. Boots on the ground as they say.
Rolling up her bed roll and gathering her things, she shakes her head one last time at the predicament her life was left in. Who knew time travel really existed? Worse yet, she was a fish out of water in this era. Everything about her would spook the locals. She could only imagine how difficult communication would be, yet with every negative she attempted a positive. She did speak Spanish, as well as Comanche. That would come in handy. At least if any Indians got the bead on her she might actually be able to talk her way out of being scalped. Having heard stories while growing up of how the tribes stole white women as mates gave her another plus. Of course, the second they saw her tattoos they might think she was the Devil's daughter or some woManitou. Maybe she was. Of course, those tattoos were mainly of animals and Comanche shamans could consider them spirits. Risky either way.
Following the hoof prints of the horses, which luckily seemed to be going in the same direction that Tilly needed her to go, she considered risking a broken back. At least if she was left for dead, she wouldn't have to face her ancestor Jessup Outlaw. She knew that was going to be difficult. Not knowing what he was truly like, let alone being unable to reveal their relationship made her uneasy. For hours, and two crouching urinations she pondered their meet.
Lifting her locketwatch dangling around her neck, which once belonged to Jessup gave her a bit of hope should she need to prove to him their connection. With it being a twin there was always that chance she could warp reality and alter time by exposing it to him. She knew Tilly would not advise it. Fuck those assholes at Wyndham Explorations. If she had no choice, she would just hogtie Jessup and make him listen to her. Of course, if she did then he might never be able to reveal his whereabouts, nor, what it was that he was hiding from historical record. One thing was for certain, whatever Jessup Outlaw knew was worth a multi-billion-dollar time travel operation. It must be something big.
With the terrain rising up all around her she took things slow. This area would be easy for someone to carry out an ambush. Hearing horses around the bend gave her hope that she might just catch herself a ride. Sipping water in preparation for the encounter she began to drop her backpack and sit her rifle against a boulder. She would have to go in unencumbered if she had any hopes of taming a horse. Digging out riding gloves, she tipped her hat and started around the obstructing rocks. Leaving her things behind for a freedom to do battle, she gnashed her teeth and waltzed right into...
"Well, looky here." A male voice catches her off guard. Halting in step she hears a rifle cock. "What in tarnation is a lil' lady like you doin' out here in no man's land. No woman's land for that matter."
"Site seeing. Any idea where I can find a ride to the closest town?"
"That would be Sugar Plum."
"Of course, it would be." She turns slowly with her hands shoulder high. "So much for it bein' Magic Mike." She sizes up her captor, "Not looking for trouble. I spotted some wild horses back there and I was hoping to break one. Tired of walking."
"Trouble found you I reckon. You just keep those hands high, and I won't put a bullet 'tween your purdy eyes."
"Aw! You like my eyes." She dares to batt her lashes.
"Not all I like, but they'll do for the time bein'." He looks her over a bit more closely, "Those are some fancy duds for a gal. If you weren't so purdy I'd think you were a fella wearin' those clothes."
"Dresses aren't my style."
"Reckon I can see that. I'll be needin' you to unbuckle that there gun belt and toss it over."
"Why? I'm not here to draw on you. I'm only after a horse."
"Beg your pardon if'n I don't believe ya. I jus' don't see a gal yer size breakin' no wild one. You don't even have yerself a lariat. Drop the belt."
"Fine! Don't get itchy on that trigger Black Bart."
"Name's not Bart."
"What is it then?"
"Purdy sure you already know. My gut says you're a bounty hunter."
"Your gut would be wrong. I'm just a weary traveler. Dropping the belt now."
"Slow."
"Gotcha."
"Dunno what you just said but I know I got you." As her hands carefully unfasten her belt, she eases it from her waist and tosses it gently toward him. As he looks at it a loud voice calls out from above.
"Have her drop her pants too Cletus."
"Friends? Of course, you have friends." Sadie shakes her head almost laughing, "Perverts even in this era."
"Not just yet Ned." He growls loud enough for his associate to hear higher up in the rocks.
"Howdy Ned." Sadie waves up at another man, much thinner than Cletus. He had a pistol drawn and was making his way down the hillside.
"You gotta name?" Ned reaches her and circles Sadie from a short distance admiring her.
"Sure. My monikers Mae West." She joked. It wasn't as if her name mattered. That and it was safer not using her full name when it could be connected to Jessup if she survived this day.
"She's got a nice body Cletus." He ponders a brief moment then adds, "What's a moniker?"
"Not now Ned." Cletus whistles loudly and four more men on horseback round the bend. Sadie scowled at the sight of more guns. These men appeared to be more confident as their horses slowly approached her. The lead rider stopped his steed to lean over his saddle horn.
"Mae West, you say?"
"That's right. Who might you be?"
"Sam Dillsby. These are my brothers, Sonny, Shep, and Spur. Seen you from a good distance coming up on us. Here to collect a bounty?"
"Bounty? Truth is, I don't give a rat's patooty what you've done." She swiftly calls upon Tilly in her inner thoughts, "Tilly? Who is Sam Dillsby, and his brothers?" She really did care considering her situation.
"Noteworthy history, the Dillsby Gang are bandits in 1876. All of their gang die by 1877, long before you trail Jessup Outlaw to his final location."
"Killers?"
"It appears so. Bank robbery was their priority, however. Spur Dillsby dies before any of the others. In 1876, a month from this date."
"Shame. How does he die?"
"A broken neck it appears. Only diary records mention it. Their sister Marka kept a vivid account of the family history."
Sadie squints against the sun at Sam, "Like I said Sammy, I don't care anything about you boys. I'm only looking for a ride to the next town. Not even askin' you fellas for a ride. I'm willin' to try'n coax a wild horse into submission."
"Sub what?" Cletus countered her big word selection.
"Submission. Sorry, big city schoolin'."
"Explains yer clothes. Fancy duds."
"So, I've heard. I like lookin' nice even in a hellhole like West Texas. I hear Sugar Plum is nearby."
"Came from there two weeks back." Sam Dillsby, the elder brother offers up. "Not much there."
"Isn't that what it's like anywhere? Especially Texas."
"I reckon."
"Make her take her clothes off Sam." Sonny Dillsby calls from a hilltop.
"Not now, Sonny. You and Ned... I swear." Sam eyes Sadie's reaction to his brothers attempted authority.
"I kindly wish you wouldn't try that Mister Dillsby."
Motioning Shep to ride around Sadie, she observes him pass by and disappear around the short bend she had arrived from. He had retrieved her pack and rifle from its hiding spot. Returning with it Shep tosses it on the ground then hops down to look it over.
"Fancy pack Sam." Shep kicks the bag, uncertain what to make of it.
"Biggest pack I've ever seen." Spur Dillsby joins Shep on the ground to look inside it. Sadie growls at their intrusion on her personal belongings.
"Don't make me tell you guys to leave my things alone." Guns point at her from all angles now as Cletus and Ned circle her threat. "Fine! Ain't nothing in there but one thing that might fit you boys."
"Doubt that lookin' at yer size." Sam was suave in his saddle.
"Depends on how you wear it, Sammy." A wink at best.
"Curious." Sam directs, "Open the bag and let's see what she's got. We can send some lady clothes to our sisters."
"Sure, not as if I need them." Sadie rolls her eyes. Looking down at Shep and Sonny, she watches them lift things from her pack one at a time. Clothing at first, a G-string made them marvel at what it could be. "Slingshot. Just put a rock in the cradle and swing it over your head." They quickly lost interest in it and into the dust it went. A t-shirt from the rocker Rob Zombie made the men wince.
"Hombre looks mean." Sonny lifted it to show the others.
"Meanest of the mean. Rob would skin you boys alive."
"He ain't here." Sam grunted.
"Nope. Be glad he's not. Devil rejected him from Hell." She snickered playing on Rob's attempts at film making. Anything to calm her nerves. Lifting a toothbrush up Shep used it just for laughs. The idea that a perfectly good hygiene product would be used on gnarled teeth made her wince, "You can keep that."
Next up Sonny revealed the one thing she was going to regret them finding. With a gross expression Sonny held up an eight-inch rubber dildo with vibrator action. "What in jehasopofat is this?"
"Looks like..." Cletus grimaced. "You cut that off a fella?"
"Retirement gift from my boys in Iraq. Notice all the signatures on it." Sure, enough in black marker were six different names surrounding the girth of the dildo. Sonny discovering the dial led to an activation. Watching it wag about in his grasp freaked him out, tossing it at Shep it became a game of hot potato. Every man there had a good laugh as they tossed it finally at Sadie. Catching it she shut it off to conserve the battery. "Eveready. Gotta love that pink rabbit in foster grants." They were actually Duracell.
"Now looks the time to get her drawers off Sam." Shep stood up leaving Sonny to the unpacking. Sam Dillsby merely scowls.
"You're a strange one Mae West."
"Won't deny that. Seriously Sammy. I don't mean any of you no harm. Not any bounty hunter, I'm just passing through. My horse died aways back and I really just wanna find a town and relax."
"Sugar Plum? We let you go; you end up telling the law where we're hidin'. Can't let that happen Mae."
"I can understand yer worry Mister Dillsby. Reckon I'm at yer mercy."
"Dang right yer at our mercy. Take her clothes off Sam." Shep tried again.
Rolling his eyes Sam Dillsby spits then looks at Sadie, "He ain't gonna hush up until ya do. Get to strippin'."
"Just for you Shep." She winks and takes her hat off, resting it on the ground. Boots next, she lets them discover pink socks. Why did she wear pink? Off they went tucked into those boots. Bright yellow painted toenails instantly draw their attention next. Old west cowboys had no clue the necessities of the future. Jacket removed, led to her shirt. As soon as her tattoos were dominant every man there took a step back. Her white lace bra removed gave them a start.
"Them is some colorful tattoos, Mae." Sam sat upright at her appearance. Seeing hands on her breasts clutching them disturbed the entire bunch. They had no idea what flipping the bird even was.
"Like 'em Sam? Got these from a Comanche friend of mine."
"She knows Comanche's Sam." Ned shuddered.
"Quiet down Ned. Worry about Indians when you see an arrow flyin' by." As he spoke of it, Sam instinctively reaches over his shoulder as if stung.
Unzipping her pants Sadie took a deep breath and dropped her jeans. Each of the group shivered at the sight of twin rattlesnakes peeking under her thin white G-string. As she slithered those down her legs, stepping out, the men looked disturbed, the snake's heads now in view, battling over her shaved pussy. She was hoping the warring serpents would deter their attempts at raping her. Not that sex seemed unfavorable. Her biology was screaming hormonally. Knowing she couldn't get knocked up or catch a venereal disease helped. If only they were better looking.
"Gonna put my socks back on Sammy. Grounds hot." She put them on then stood nude, a slow 360 to show off her curves.
"Yer slick as a whistle down there." Shep bent forward examining her twat from a distance. "Don't that itch?"
"Voice of experience Shep?" She smirked. He backed off looking embarrassed while coughing up, "No!" Beet red he was.
"What's that locket yer wearing? Looks like a tiny watch. That gold?" Sam brought up.
"She has one tattooed on her back too Sam." Sonny pointed out.
"Family heirloom. Ain't gold Sam. I'll ask you to let me keep it."
"Can we forniecate with her now Sam?" Ned shuffled in front of Sam's horse. Sam nodded to Ned who jumped into a dance step that made his allies chuckle. "Hot diggity." As he struts toward Sadie she winces and waited until he stood directly in front of her before punching his lights out. Ned dropped like a sack of sugar. All around her guns were cocked and pointing.
"Come on Sam. Did you think I was like every other gal around? I'm not that easy. Well, I am, just not findin' Ned there appealin'." A pistol against the back of her head changed her mind. Sonny Dillsby rubbed her ass while his barrel pressed against her, she leered over her shoulder winking, "Feels nice. Slap it if yer man enough." He did, she felt the sting and grinned, "That all you got?"
Shep moved to her side and planted his own pistol barrel against her temple. With another pressure felt, Sonny lowered his own gun and undid his pants. Wagging a timid erection, he moved in for the kill. Grabbing Sadie by her red hair he bent her forward and relocated his cock into her pussy. She heard a deafening, "WOOOOOOWEEEEEE! She's a wet one."
"She wanted us all along." Cletus grunted.
"That a fact Mae West?" Sam narrowed his eyes as Sadie looks up over her brow.
"I love a good fuckin' Sam. You should hop off that horse and give me a roll."
"In due time Mae. You've shown yer a wild one. Ain't takin' no chances."
"Ned? He was just foreplay."
"For play?" None of them had heard the term.
"Yup! Ned weren't my type. Too skinny for my tastes. Rest of you boys look pretty strappin'."
Guns all aimed to bring her down Sadie throws her hands to her side with a tsk, "Are you sayin' a gal can't put up no fight? You think I'm easy Sam?"
"You just said you weren't, then you were. Make up yer mind. Gonna be even if you ain't."
"How's that?"
Out of nowhere the boys moved away and left her wondering why her pussy was empty, a rope swoops down over her upper body as she straightens up, snugging its loop up tight, her extended arms forced to retreat to her ribs. She presumed all of them had guns on her, evidently one of them went another route. Startled slightly, she smirks up at Sam Dillsby. "Bondage fetish Sam? I'm likin' this so far."
"You just said you liked a good fuckin'." Even though the word fucking was uncommonly used they all caught on to her use of it.
"That I did. When a man is tough enough to take me. Ain't sure any of you are ready for me though."
Hearing a horse whiney behind her, Sadie turned just in time to lose her balance and get pulled to her side on the dirt. Growling at her situation she quickly discovers they intended to prove her wrong. With a shrill, "YAW!" Sadie Outlaw got drug through dirt and rocks for a good twenty feet before the horse was slowed to a halt. Spitting up dust she winces at Sam casually riding up to her.
"Changing yer tune, Mae?"
"Nope. Tougher than I look Sam. You do realize I could just as easily join up with you boys. I come in handy. Crack shot and all."
"Only thing a woman is good for is treatin' a fella to a good time. Bakin' bread maybe." Cletus scowled moving in to take a second rope and forcibly tie a length around her left ankle, Spur Dillsby joining Cletus in tying a third rope to her right ankle. Sadie sat helpless at the moment knowing pretty much where this was leading. She just hoped her amped up physiology could withstand the coming agony.
Shep returning to his horse rides up next to Spur and accepts the other end of his lariat. With a gentle nudge to his horse, he moved three feet until Sadie's right leg lifted out from under her. As she found her body tightening under Sonny Dillsby, holding her upper body in check, Shep kept her right leg captive. From there Cletus climbed up on his own horse and tethered the end of his rope to his saddle horn. Encouraging his Palomino to take six steps Sadie's left leg ventured into the air.
"MOTHER FUCKER!" Sadie snapped as her legs split wide, her ass lifting up off the desert floor. Hearing Sonny verbally nudge his own horse brought Sadie's entire body up into the air, suspended a good four feet off the ground. She grits her teeth at the pain, one wrong word they could easily rip her apart by forcing their horses into a run. Sadie bit her tongue.
"She fucks her mother?" Spur looked up at Sam with an expression of disgust.
Sam ignored his younger brother and dethroned himself from his saddle. Moving in on foot he stood over Sadie's left shoulder. She eyed him with a smirk, "Reckon ya got me at a disadvantage Sam. We could have been friends you and I."
"Gonna be friendly regardless Mae."
"That a fact?"
In the distance Ned Potter sat up on the ground shaking his head clear of his confusion. Eyes focusing on the situation, he crawls to his feet staggering. Temper flaring, he shuffled toward his partners.
"Now that's what I'm talkin' 'bout Sam. Let me punch this bitch, I owe her."
"Save yer fist Ned. Gonna need it to jerk off, because I'm bettin' the others are all gonna get me before you do." Sadie laughs under pressure.
"That true Sam?" Ned frets.
"Sounds 'bout right."
"Dammit Sam." Ned kicks the dirt sending dust flying. Off in a tizzy Ned went away after a healthy spit. Sam reached in and gripped Sadie's long red hair and held her firm to keep her attention.
"Fess up Mae. You a bounty hunter?"
"Nope. Never lied to you once Sam." Except about her horse dying. Never existed.
"She's after our money." Cletus calls down from his horse.
"That what yer after?"
"Never knew you had any money Sam. Told you I'm just travelin' through."
"Goin' where?"
"Hell Paso. Horse dropped on me I told ya."
"El Paso is that way." Sam looks left nodding in the right direction. "You were goin' the other way."
"A gal can't get lost now and then?"
"A'ight Mae, how this all goes down from this point on is up to you. Cooperate and I might just let you live to see another daybreak."
"Fair nuff. Legs are wide, you boys might as well take yer turns. I'm gonna have faith yer a man of yer word Sam. Truth told I'm not yer enemy. Even after yer done rapin' me."
"Time'll tell."
"Well don't go calculating time by my shadow on the ground. My second hand is a might slow."
"Funny lady Mae." Sam rather admired her. She merely winked at him.
"Fun as this is Sam, don't you think it would be more fun if I had my limbs free to really focus on y'all? Amazing what these two bound hands of mine can do wrapped around a pair of big ole' cocks."
"You done proved yer hands can be deadly. I'm thinkin' yer where ya should be." He looks to his friends on the horses, "Single step forward Boys." The trio escorts their horses a hoof ahead lifting Sadie a few inches more until she was waist high to Sam Dillsby. "Far enough. Don't wanna ruin Mae's day."
"Appreciate that Sam." She hissed through gnashed teeth; the strain was unbearable.
"Get yer jolly's Spur." Sam grins at his brother who steps in unhooking his gun belt then his trousers. Whipping out a six shooter cock the man shuffles in and spanks Sadie's clit with his crown. Sadie's hormones struck like thunder rolling across the prairie. As she tilts her head back Sam releases her hair. The second Spur Dillsby penetrates her he notes her rattler tattoos looking as if they were striking his cock. It freaked him out until Sam laughed. "Shoot yer own venom Boy." Sadie lost her mind under her intensified sensations. Without very little effort she squirted all over Spur's cock. It made him grin like the Devil on a good day.
"Looky Sam. She likes this." Spur chuckles and thrusts in rapid fashion.
"FUCK YES I LIKE THIS. HIT MY LADY PARTS SPUR." Sadie wailed. It made the horses nervous, keeping them restrained was not easy. Her excessive cries of pleasure didn't help, even when she toned it down. As Spur nuts inside Sadie, she quakes like the one small pebble in a rockslide. Hollering at her reactions the group all wanted their turn. It became musical saddles as one man traded places with another to get quality time with Sadie.
"Holdin' up Mae?" Sam bent over Sadie's face as she had her eyes rolled back into her head. With a return to sanity her green eyes lowered into place looking him in the eye.
"Provin' my worth Sam. Let me ride with you boys. You can fuck me whenever ya'll want. This shit is a fantasy to me."
"Fancy huh?" He misperceived her word.
"That too. Fuck my pussy Cletus." She looked up toward the straggly looking giant, his big hands gripping her hips tightly. He merely scowled and pounded her thighs. Sam for the first time found interest enough to squeeze Sadie's tit. Firmer than he imagined, none of them had ever known any so tight. Of course, a boob job made her lift shiny and solid. Less jiggle but plenty of stuff to grip.
"You like those, Sam?" She notes his curiosity.
"Sure, enough Mae. You're a tough lady. I can tell by yer body. Ain't as soft and shifty as most gals."
"I keep fit. Almost yer turn Sam. Gonna show these boys how to really treat a girl?"
"Best for last they say."
"Let me prove to you I'm worth keepin' around Sam. Untie me. I promise I won't start swingin'."
"Yer already swingin'." He chuckles.
"Suppose I am a swingin' single." She joins his laughter just as Cletus cums hard inside her den of serpents. She chose then to express just how good sex was, even at their moderate expertise. Regardless how bad they were, it was still damn good to her accelerated hormones. The sad thing was, Sadie wanted to let it all out but worried her cries might spook the horses too much to be controlled. Thankfully, five grunts later Cletus retreats allowing her to exhale her delight. "Dang Cletus you know how to put a smile on a gal's face."
With a smug glimmer in his eye Cletus Birch growled, "Maybe later I'll put somethin' else on yer face."
"Promises, promises. That is unless you fellas do me wrong." She arches her head back to look at the horse holding her upper body aloft. Strangely the horse just happened to be looking back at her. In her thoughts Sadie wondered what that was about. "Horse looked at me as if it was apologizin'. Heat must be makin' me delirious." A second look back the horse was still glaring at her but this time it stomped its front right hoof twice on the ground. "I gotta be reading too much into this." Straining upward she looks beyond the men at the remaining two horses keeping her supported. "What the hell? All three of them are clopping the same hoof and staring me down. Givin' me the willies Filly's. Well, stallions I reckon."
Suffering longer as Shep and Sonny got in their turns a second time, Sadie's pussy was a gushing waterfall. She was getting really dehydrated in the heat and even with a body chemistry that fueled her adrenaline, Sadie was ready to pass out. Just in the nick of time Sam Dillsby pats her cheek to garner her attention. Sharing water from her own canteen gave her hope, 2022 water at that. Noticing how clear the water was Sam halted her thirst to take a taste himself. Wincing at the chlorine and fluoride taste that his era was unaccustomed to, he spits it out.
"What is that piss?" He eyed Sadie.
"Artesian water Sam. Found a spring about fifty miles back. Clear as mountain dew." Better to lie about it than try the truth.
"If'n ya say so Mae. All yers." He feeds her another round of water to cool her body temp down. Choking slightly under a parched throat she was certainly grateful, "Thank ya Mister Dillsby. My body is getting pretty red Sam. Rope burns aren't lookin' sexy neither. Take a risk... swear I won't fight ya."
Scowling Sam Dillsby knew she was right. Her body was getting baked under the harsh rays of the sun. Accelerated healing or not she was feeling the rawness. Grunting, Sam made his decision, "Back the horses up. If she starts swingin' shoot her in the knee. Better a limp than a loss of life, right Mae?"
"Gonna limp a spell without ya'll shootin' me." She gradually lowers to the sand below, the horses backing up almost as if not being coaxed. Even the boys noticed their horses making their minds up for themselves. None of them dared to mention their thoughts on that, it spooked them. The lariat around her torso removed, Sadie rubbed her upper arms and sat there, legs still wide. Cletus untying her ankles, she did the same in rubbing circulation back into her limbs. "Gonna sit right here 'til ya tell me to move Sammy."
"Get dressed. Clothes come back off at sunset." Sam handed Sadie her cowboy hat. Sonny even brought her the rest of her clothing, minus the gun belt. Standing up surprisingly strong she pulled her pants up, minus her thong, and stood topless a bit longer, almost as if showing off. The guys definitely stared her down.
Walking toward them, Ned Potter had two things in his hand, a bottle of booze, and a thin cord of some kind, connected to..."What in tarnation?" Ned had accidently turned on her iPod and low volume music made him look around for the source. Dumbfounded he lifts the device higher and listens to of all things Metallica's song Unforgiven. Sadie merely lowered her head chuckling.
Ned in his less than intelligent reaction lifted the bottle, "She's got whiskey."
"Not technically Ned." Sadie sighed.
"Tech knee lee? What you mean?"
"Meant to say not actually. Big words I learned over in France." She laughed. Hands in the air she steps toward Ned and takes her iPod from him shutting it off.
"What is that in yer hand?" Sam winced.
"This?" She thought quickly while looking at it. "Got it from some Gypsy fella over in Europe by the name of Stevie Jobs. Told me it plays music from the great beyond."
"Great beyond?" Spur looks skittish, "Ya'll mean ghosts?"
"So, he said. Here ya wanna try it?" She offers it up. Spur declines fearfully and steps back. "Suit yerself. I find it relaxin'." She puts it in her pants pocket for safety, not wanting the battery dead so soon on her arrival here.
"What about this contraption?" Ned drags out Sadie's cellphone, which she had smuggled past A.I. Tilly, even though she warned Sadie against it. It had no WIFI obviously, but the internal battery was still live enough to show off a picture of herself in military fatigues on her wallpaper. All of them grew leery of her more and more. To them such devices meant one thing... pure evil.
"Best put all that away." Sam barked, "Finish gettin' dressed before ya blister."
"I was just startin' to like being naked around you boys. Mind if I risk it and keep my shirt off? Surely, you fellas like what ya see."
"Ain't the point Mae."
"They're pointin' at you Sammy. You ain't had me yet." She pinches her barbed nipple piercings as his brothers share smirks of amusement.
"Nightfall." He shakes his head, "Let's ride up to that wash, bathe in the creek awhile."
"Sounds like a plan. Am I walkin'?"
"You can ride with me. One wrong move I'll rear my horse and throw ya off." Sam climbed back up on to his horse. "Ned? Grab Mae's pack, put everything back."
"I appreciate that Sam." She looks at Ned who hands Sonny the bottle. "Sorry I hit ya earlier Ned. I'll make it up to ya tonight." He grumbled and walked away, picking up her belongings and stashing them in her pack before taking it to his horse and tying it to his saddle. Shep held on to her guns.
"Climb on up." Sam extended a hand, Sadie using one stirrup, easily hurled herself up on to the horse behind Sam. All of them admired her toughness. Pressing against Sam's back, her tits crush up, nipples stabbing through his shirt. He had to grin. Leaning her chin on his shoulder she whispers, "Ya know ya like me Sam." Digging a spur into his horse's side he led the group a good mile away to a small creek running down from the higher altitudes, a relaxing campsite for sure. She knew the water stemmed from the Pecos River up North.
"Lil' shade at least." Sam nods toward two lone trees hanging over the creek bed. The water was higher than she predicted. Still only knee deep by the look of it.
"Reckon you can make love to me under that bigger tree Sam. If'n ya like me nuff we can carve our initials in a heart on the trunk." She chuckled squeezing his shoulders before hopping down. Standing beside the horse, waiting for him to drop down she pats the horse's cheek and rubs its forehead. The horse nudged her playfully.
"Hatchet likes ya."
"Hatchet? Interestin' name."
"Kicked an ax out of a log and sent it flyin' once. How he got his name."
"Well, howdy Hatchet." She kisses it on the forehead.
"A'ight Mae. Gonna take me a bath. You gonna behave or am I tying you to that tree?"
"Rather bathe you." She winks.
"Don't make me get physical."
"Wouldn't think of it Sam. Course, I'm hoping you get real physical with me later." She sneaks a slap to his ass making him grimace. All of his gang laughed at his reaction.
"Cletus? Keep a bead on her just in case." Sam hesitates to add, "Just don't go shootin' me."
A simple nod Cletus grips his rifle and points it at Sadie as confirmation he was watching her. As Sonny, and Spur strip down and head into the creek she follows Sam until he sits on a large rock, then offers to help him take his boots off. Smelliest feet she had ever inhaled, even if she didn't express her disgust. Stripping nude, Sam goes to his saddle bags and drags out a washcloth and a half-used bar of soap. It was all he had. Good enough. From there he waltzed right down into the creek and sits down. The water was relaxing in its gentle cascade.
"I'm gonna lose my britches Sam. After all your boys filling me up I wanna get my lady parts clean for ya." She kicks her boots back off then unzips her jeans and loses them all over again, socks joining them this time. All save for her cowboy hat she marched right down into the creek and sat next to him as he lathered his washcloth and began attacking the dust from his journey. No amount of soap was gonna take away the lingering stench of days without a bath. Sadie at least had perfume to mask her scent. Although her nanites shared a natural scent of lilacs after absorbing her daily spritz, mimicking it to keep her fresh as they say.
Using her hands as a washcloth of her own she looks to Sam, "You plan on sharing that soap, Cowboy?"
"Only bar I own. Use it wise."
"Just need it for my holes and my pits. You want me smellin' nice when you make love to me don't ya Sam?"
"Love? Ain't in love Mae."
"Humor a gal Leader man. I like a man in control."
"Still don't trust ya."
"Goes both ways, but I'm givin' you the benefit of the doubt. We'll see how ya feel toward me come mornin'. After we knock boots and get good and drunk."
"Speakin' of... that bottle of booze you got... fancy bottle." He looked leery of it. "Who's this Jim Beam fella it belonged to? Thinkin' it said Boarbone."
"Bourbon." She chuckled at his pronunciation. "Kentucky fella I met once."
Nodding at her words he notes her red hair with black tips. ""You got interestin' hair there Mae. Almost like you got feathers."
"Like it Sam? I do. Gives me character. Matches my eagle tattoo, don't ya think?"
"Everything' 'bout ya gives ya character. That artwork ya got there on yer body is purdy spooky."
"Fends off evil spirits."
"Injun words."
"Indian words." She corrects him, "I know a lot of good people out here Sam. Find some respect."
"Tell that to the Injun who went shootin' an arrow at me." He points at his back shoulder and a scarred-up wound. She eases closer to him to study the area, her soft touch making Sam Dillsby tremble. He didn't like sharing fear of any kind. Something about Sadie alias Mae tempted him one second, scared the crap out of him the next. Either way he was getting aroused.
"He was a straight shooter looks like." She caresses a single finger over the scar, "Unlike you. Look at that curved arrow you got there Sammy." She points out his erection arching skyward at a bent angle from the water level. He laughs then brushes her hands away.
"Ain't the time. Finish cleanin' up."
"Wash my back?"
Taking his own rag and soap he voluntarily cleanses her back from shoulder to ass crack. In his tenderness he takes in her entire back tattoo. Locket included. "Same locket around yer neck. Gotta meanin'?" He overlooks the Special Forces tattoo over her ass crack.
"As I said earlier, family heirloom. Put it there just in case I ever lost the real one."
As if on cue Ned interrupts them, "Sam? Why's her flask here got a Texas Ranger star on it?" He shines the rugged flask in his direction then parades right into the water to show his leader up close.
"Sure nuff." Sam winces at the engravings wore down over time but still legible. "What are you doing with a tin star Mae?"
"Found that out in the desert." She shrugs washing her face with the cool water.
"You keepin' somethin' from us Mae?"
"Yep. From Ned there anyway. Gotta be good and drunk to bunk down with him." She winks.
"Hardy har har." Ned grimaces.
"They say that in these parts?" She meant time period.
"More whiskey?" Sam shakes it.
"Nope. That there is nitro."
"Yer joshin'." Sam actually grinned. Still, he stopped sloshing it just in case.
"Keep shakin' it you'll see." She laughs then takes it from him, her breasts in his face.
"Weren't much smell to it." Ned confessed to having opened it.
"You drink my nitro? Don't fart." Sadie chuckles then makes an explosion sound with her voice, dramatizing it with her hands. Sam and the others laughed as one. Ned merely grumbled at being mocked.
"Got ole' Ned pegged." Sonny smirked, "Don't feed that fella beans."
"All we got to eat unless we're going huntin'." Cletus warned.
"She's got some strange vittles in her bag." Ned reacted, "What's Juicy Fruit?"
"That's gum. Try a slice, Ned. Might help yer breath." Sadie pointed toward her bags dangling from his horse. Ned seemed tempted but grew hesitant.
"That ain't really nitro, is it?"
"Let's blow up together Ned." She uncorks her flask and takes a swig. Shaking her head at the bite of Vodka she grins, "Takes paint off walls too."
"Turpentine?" Sonny Dillsby poised a brow.
"Close enough." She then passes it to Sam, "Careful Sam. Don't smell none, but it burns goin' down."
Sam dared to take a drink then makes a face at it. Pondering the taste he nods his approval, "Ain't whiskey, but it's got kick."
"Again, they actually say that around here?" Strange how the vocabulary seemed off to her.
"Can we try that Beam fella's booze Sam?" Spur holds it up.
"I reckon."
"Now that one ya'll better have some balls to try. I dunno what whiskey in these parts is like, but where I come from that there is hellfire."
"That why it says Devil's Cut on it?" Spur reads the label. It was then he discovered something curious. "Why's the wrappin' say since 1795. You had it that long?"
"Uhhh! Sure. My family owned a still back in the old country." Worth a shot. They were dumb enough to believe it even though she mentioned Kentucky earlier. "Last bottle I got, might as well share it with good friends."
"We ain't friends Mae."
"Will be Dillsby." She razzes him with her tongue, "Hand the bottle over Spur, lets crack it open and put some fire in the hole." Hesitant Spur looks to Sam for confirmation that it was okay to take the risk. Sam nods then points at Sadie to behave. She rolled her eyes and took the bottle, passing the flask to Spur in return, "Wouldn't mix the two Spur. Mind puttin' that flask back in my bag?" Spur merely tosses it at Ned. Ned mumbling about being an errand boy did indeed take it back to her pack. That Juicy Fruit called out to him, and he took a slice. The flavor made him smile.
Opening the bourbon she took the first drink, a healthy one to show off her bravado. Alcohol barely ever made her drunk, due to her damned immune system. The men were all puckering with amazement. They didn't know about her immunity, they pictured her a messy drunk later. Better for them when sex was brought up again.
Passing the bottle to Sam, he inhaled it before taste. A sample led to another healthy guzzle. The others in his bunch complained about him drinking it all. From one member to the next the bottle was going down fast.
"Not as harsh as the local whiskey. Kinda sweet." Sam realized.
"Like me?" Sadie bats her lashes at him.
"Yer sure a looker Mae."
"I bet you say that to all yer lady prisoners."
"Never had one before. Most cases it ain't needed. Yer the lucky one I reckon."
"Yer gonna figure that out about me here soon too Sammy."
Ned returns having pilfered through all of her things. This time he locates her Glock. "What kind of pistol is this?"
"European. I got that from Austria. Traveled lots in my younger days." Any story she told they seemed to buy and thrive on. Pretty naïve boys overall. As she spoke Ned pointed it at one of the trees and pulled the trigger. Nothing! Luckily it was on safety. Tired of it not firing he passed it around to the others for inspection. Sonny, still nude standing in the water looked it over good and figured out the safety. Not realizing his trajectory, he pulled the trigger sending a shot whizzing by Cletus. The reaction was both awe and laughter.
"You almost kilt me." Cletus sneered looking rattled.
"Careful boys. That there is no Colt, it has power." She pats Sam on the chest and rises to her feet, "Train all yer guns on me if you don't trust me. Hand me that Sonny." Again, confirmation from Sam led to him passing the gun over to her. She pulled the clip out to show them the bullets. "You done drainin' my bottle Shep?"
A final swig emptied the Jim Beam bottle. Showing it to her she pointed away from camp, "See that rock over yonder? Take a walk out there and put the bottle on it."
"That's a good hundred yards." Cletus winced.
"Two hundred, I'm thinkin'." Sadie calculated not only the distance but the slight wind. Waiting on Shep to reach his destination he balances the bottle on the rock and moves away. "Thank ya Shepard. Might wanna step aside more. Glass flyin' and all."
Chuckles were heard around her. Spur, Ned, and Sonny shook their heads. Spur being the one to voice his opinion, "Ain't no woman can hit that so far out."
"Do I look and act like just any woman you bunch of Poozers?" She shakes her head and lifts her arm, fingers tightening on the Glock, trigger barely touched. Taking aim she makes a wager, "Sam Dillsby?"
"Yup." He sits back in the water enjoying the view of her amazing body.
"If'n I get this on the first shot and hand it back, you trust me?" She acts as if the whiskey was getting to her. "Whew! Gettin' a might warm even in the shade."
"Probably not."
"Worth a shot. Keep your eyes on the prize Boys... not my ass."
As the men chuckle, they notice her stagger a bit. Even with their guns trained on her she looked serious. Hand shaky she stops long enough to wipe her brow of sweat over her forearm. "Seein' double Boys." Again, they shared grins amongst themselves. Feigning that she couldn't do it she lowered her arm sighing, "Not far enough out."
"Take the shot Mae." Sam insisted.
With barely a glance at her target Sadie pointed and snapped off a shot. All of the gang watching saw the bottle explode and spit shards in every direction. In the distance Shep busted up laughing, "DID YA'LL SEE THAT?"
"Not bad Mae." She turned and handed the gun to Sonny, safety back on.
"Holster that. Don't go wasting my bullets." She then turned back toward Sam and straddled his lap in the water. "Gimme some lovin' Sam." She grabbed his face and kissed him hard. All of his brothers nodded at her romantic overture.
"Let's get a fire goin'." Cletus directed, "Beans in our belly." Strangely, they left her unattended, all guns holstered or carried off. She was all Sam's. Kissing lasted clear past sundown. By dinner time the boys ate up and passed gas. Sam had taken Sadie off into the darkness and fucked her hard. She actually enjoyed his curvy beast, so much so it made his brothers howl at the moon for effect.
In the shadows Sadie whispered to Sam, "Hope you forgive me Sammy. I really do like ya." She then cut off his blood flow in his neck making him pass out over her. Sam Dillsby would be the first. Take out the Leader, the troops would fall. A lesson her former General, Benjamin Westmore always taught his men. Easing Sam off of her she sneaks about in the shadows. Ned was still chewing his gum and pissing by the horses. Another pinch to his neck this time, Ned toppled like Sam had, catching his fall from being noisy.
Stalking the horses, she found it weird that not one of them whinnied at her approach. Claiming ropes from every horse she moved about and tied up Ned and Sam first. Strategically, she found her Glock, then took remaining ropes behind the boys. Once prepared she circled back in front of them and marched toward the others who were closing in on droopy eyelids. Seeing her walk up with her hands behind her back she started dancing seductively. The brother's eyes were drawn in like moths to their campfire, Sadie's glow was too mesmerizing. Guards down, she reveals her gun pointing at the remaining four.
"Dare ya to go for yer guns." She smirked.
"What in the...?" Cletus started to stand but a kick of her foot into the fire sent a small log into his pants, firing his leg up.
"You dance hotter than me Cletus. Shake it Big Boy."
"Where's Sam?" Sonny growled.
"Sleepin'. Sonny? Slug yer brothers." She encourages him with a single shot between his legs making him jump up and wail on Shep, and Spur. She anticipated Sonny to be the strongest, she was right. Both boys dropped like rocks. Leaving Cletus and Sonny to stare at her, she begins her dance again. She was terrifying their senses. Finally, stopping she adds, "Cletus? Punch ole' Sonny."
Being the biggest of the gang Cletus swallowed, then felt a second gunshot kick up dust at his feet. That sent him fists first into Sonny. No competition, Sonny joined his brothers in LALA LAND. Alone now Cletus winced at Sadie, "You gonna shoot me?"
"Not tonight, unless you try'n get tough on me. There's rope twenty feet to yer left. Go get it and tie up the Dillsby's. Oh, and Cletus? Don't be stupid. Underestimating' me is certainly not good." He carefully retrieved the ropes and swiftly knotted the boys up tight. She checked after each imprisonment, removing knives as she went along. Each of them sporting a blade in various places. Once they were all tied up Sadie smiles at Cletus and faces him up close. Tossing her Glock aside she smirks, "Wanna strike a woman Cletus?"
He took his shot as Sadie ducked aside twice at both advances. Doubling her fists, she easily slips by his defenses and lands blows to his stomach then his bearded chin. With the force of three men at her disposal, plus years of hand-to-hand combat lessons she knocks Cletus out cold. Watching him hit the dirt like a falling tree she smiled. "Reckon there were three oaks out here."
Tying him up and leaving him there she retraced her steps and carried Ned and Sam back into the cluster. As they woke up slowly, they found Sadie smoking a cigarette. Wanted posters for each of them found in their saddlebags scattered on the ground before her.
"Thought you wanted us as friends Mae." Sam coughed.
"I meant that Sam. Problem is... like you, I don't trust easily. I hear you boys robbed a few banks in yer time."
"I told ya she was after our money." Cletus grumbles wiggling his jaw.
"Is it really your money Cletus?" She winces, "Was that yer bank account?"
"Not tellin' you where our money is Mae."
"Truth is Sammy. I don't care. The local Sheriff can go lookin' for it. Me? I just wanna kick back and relax."
"Turnin' us in for a reward then?" Sonny prompts, "You is a bounty hunter."
"Not really. I guess I could go that route. I was tellin' ya'll the truth, I weren't lookin' to be your enemy. More I thought about my chances with you boys, the more I knew I was only gonna follow you to the Hangman's noose."
"How are you gonna get all six of us to town without a fight?" Shep countered. "You needed us to whup each other to take us down."
"That I did. If it were a fair fight, you bozos would lose. Too many guns had the advantage. Trust me boys... you don't want to mess with me. I can take ya." She stands up and flicks her cigarette butt at the creek. Before their eyes she went into a martial arts stance and challenged their imaginations. Even in the nude her actions were downright sexy. Leg kicking up over her head and held high allowed them a view of her pussy's opening in the fire's glow, inviting but deadly.
"Get some shut eye boys. Tomorrow, we ride."
Sadie? She found her dildo called Deke and used it in front of them, cumming hard to their astonishment. After a breather she began making her rounds behind them, each one had their blood flow severed. It took talent. Sadie definitely had that.
"Sleep tight."
Their wake-up call was going to be interesting.