This story is from a role-playing game where a girl was banned from wearing any panties, but she does anyway and gets caught and punished for it. Names may have been changed to protect the guilty. Cheska is the mysterious Innkeeper of the Wander Inn.
--
Silently sneaking into the Inn, Ada tiptoes and makes her way towards the foray board, but squeaks and freezes in her tracks as a soft ahem draws her attention. She giggles and straightens up, and quietly shuffles over to the source of the noise, assuming her most innocent smile as she presents herself before the Innkeeper.
A pleasant grin playing on her lips as she notices Ada approach, Cheska casts an appraising look at her from head to toe. Letting her piercing gaze rest on her leggings for a moment, she looks up at the startled Siren and merrily tilts her head as she goes, "Well?"
Rooted on the spot as Cheska appraises her, Ada fidgets and clasps her fingers before herself, then lets her hands idly dangle by her side as the Innkeeper takes her time to look at her. She giggles shyly at the obvious question and mumbles for a moment, seemingly unable to lie her way out before she murmurs out a questionably convincing answer, "Maaaybe?"
"Maybe?" Cheska repeats, prompting Ada to continue with a slight raise of her eyebrow.
Ada blushes and shyly shuffles her feet as she looks down, avoiding Cheska's gaze as she stalls, 'Umm..,' but nods after a moment's pause.
Grinning mischievously as Ada avoids her gaze, Cheska takes a more comfortable position on her perch and simply intones, "Out of it."
Blinking at the sudden and simple order, Ada gapes at Cheska and takes a moment to fully understand her intent. Finding the Innkeeper's face straight and her gaze unwavering, she lets out a nervous scoff before she quickly stutters, "W-what? Here?"
A merry grin playing on her lips despite her best effort to keep a straight face, Cheska shifts position and leans her face on an elbow, her gaze fixated on Ada as she keeps quiet, intently watching what the Siren would do.
Shuffling closer to Cheska as she closes the gap to whispering distance, Ada leans over the bar with the intent to argue, but ends up pausing midway, the thought instantly evaporating and replaced with a shy giggle as she meets the Innkeeper's implacable gaze. 'Umm..,' she stalls with a raised finger, but ends up looking away for lack of words, eventually trudging to a spot behind the bar, far from the crowd.
Her gaze following Ada as she positions herself far from the Inn's patrons, Cheska grins amusedly but lets her be, idly twirling her finger through a lock of her hair as she waits. Swivelling on her perch to get a better view, she finds the Siren fidgeting with her shoes, and licks her lips as she finally straightens up and looks like she would do what she hopes she would do.
Taking a deep breath as she stands barefoot before the Innkeeper, Ada casts a furtive glance across the bar from her place, silently cursing herself at accidentally having placed herself in a spot where most of the patrons would have a clear view of her, thankful of having her back to the wall, nevertheless. Her attention drawn to Cheska again, she smiles shyly and dips her fingers into the waistband of her leggings, wiggling this way and that as she rolls the tight garment off her legs, her motions hurried and nervous as she tries to get over with as quickly as possible. Bending over as she pushes the garment to her ankles, she steps out of the lacy pile and straightens up slowly, goosebumps pricking her naked skin as she crosses her hands to cover herself between her legs, her cropped shirt doing little to contain her exposure.
'Umm..,' Ada stalls but blinks as Cheska flings a napkin at her, turning a shade of crimson on the cheeks as she realises what it's for. Her face scrunching from embarrassment as she holds the little square of folded cloth between her legs, she wiggles and dances and manages to push her panties off her hips with one hand but pauses just as the garment reaches till the middle of her thighs.
The sudden realisation of silence around her drawing her gaze to the rest of the inn, Ada gasps at finding the patrons extremely interested in her 'performance' and squeezes her thighs despite herself as the exposure sends shivers up her spine like a powerful aphrodisiac. Her gaze flitting to Cheska once again, she blushes as she tries to cast a pleading glance towards the Innkeeper but bites her lips at finding her looking just as expectant as before.
Closing her eyes momentarily as she tries to regain composure, Ada finally manages to focus on the task at hand and pushes her panties all the way down to her ankles, before kicking the flimsy net towards the Innkeeper, blushing as it is rapidly collected and sequestered out of sight. Still remaining somewhat hunched as she tightly clutches the napkin held between her legs, she looks up to meet Cheska's gaze and makes her best impression of puppy eyes in an attempt to woo her, but 'Eee!'s as a soft gust of wind caressing her back reminds her of her state of undress. The casual lack of any haste from the Innkeeper making her fidget, she bites her lips as her arousal continues to climb from the exposure, flushing her crimson on the cheeks and behind her ears as she helplessly squirms and rubs her thighs together.
Taking deep breaths as a measure of control while Ada strips before her, Cheska lets her gaze openly wander over the Siren's naked curves, a silly grin threatening to break free of her carefully maintained demeanour as her eyes feast on the naked expanse of smooth skin from her toes to all the way up to her navel. Fully aware of Ada's helpless arousal from exposure, she lets the Siren remain naked and squirming for a few moments longer than absolutely necessary, and squints suspiciously at the napkin held between her legs.
Grinning as she realises Ada is no longer in control of her own hands, Cheska finds herself momentarily mesmerised with the discreet yet unmistakable motions of the square napkin against her sex but shakes her head as if breaking out of a reverie soon enough. Rummaging through her belongings, she quickly finds a suitable garment for the Siren and loudly snaps her fingers at her, letting a sigh of relief at having caught her attention before her 'performance' culminated to its crescendo with everyone watching her.
Her eyes closing momentarily as a silent moan escapes her, Ada finds it increasingly difficult to maintain her composure, helplessly squirming and rubbing her thighs together despite herself as she waits for Cheska. Gasping as she feels her arousal cresting, she clenches her teeth and tightly squeezes her thighs together in a bid to distract herself, and nearly lurches towards Cheska as soon as she hears her fingers snap for her. With the napkin tightly held between her legs, she pants as she places a hand on Cheska's shoulder for balance, gratefully stepping into a pair of what looks to be a pair of tiny shorts held up for her. She 'Eee!'s and wriggles as Cheska keeps the garment lingering at her shins for a few moments longer than really necessary but stills herself quickly enough as she feels the fabric being pulled up to her thighs.
A merry laugh finally escaping her lips as she watches Ada scurry over to her, Cheska holds the rather skimpy shorts for her to step into, seemingly forgetting about pulling them up on her legs as she savours the sight up and close. She blinks and shakes her head as Ada begins to squeal and wriggle and takes her own time to pull the garment up to her thighs, a merry grin gracing her lips as she finds her face level with the square napkin still tightly held between the Siren's legs. She clears her throat and waits, and giggles at the Siren's brief hesitation, a short gasp escaping her as the napkin is finally pulled out of her way. Unable to resist the opportunity, she tugs the Siren closer to herself and plants a deep, slow kiss on her already aroused sex. Letting go only when she feels the Siren's arousal cresting yet again, she carefully orchestrates it and pulls off just as she tips over the edge, watching merrily as she successfully ruins it, the silken folds uselessly contracting against nothing while a shuddering moan escapes their owner. Pulling the shorts up to the Siren's waist, she pats her sex over it and looks up to find her mildly annoyed and surprised at the same time, at which she reasserts her authority and declares, "As for punishment.."
Hunching over and leaning both hands on Cheska's shoulders as she feels her kiss her between her silken folds so intimately, Ada freezes momentarily in place and closes her eyes as she avoids looking at anyone still enjoying the sight and finds herself shuddering as a sea of pleasure glimmers on the horizon of her conscience. She runs for it, breathlessly and desperately, and almost squeals out in triumph as her feet dip into the waters, her sea of joy rapidly replaced by a pit of despair as Cheska withdraws, at which she opens her eyes and stares at the Innkeeper with wild eyes, a torrent of emotions rippling through her as she tries to think straight. She stares at her angrily, but suddenly gets a pang of shyness in her stomach as she feels the shorts being pulled up to her waist, her legs still trembling from the experience as she blinks at the mention of punishment.
"..you're not allowed to touch yourself. Yes? Good." Cheska intones imperiously to Ada, and almost avoids giggling as she tries to impress the consequences on the Siren. She ponders momentarily as Ada remains standing near her but slaps her on the hips and casually dismisses her before turning to tend to her customers again, the din of the Inn resuming as soon as she shouts at somebody trying to sneak away without paying for their meal. Letting out a breath she didn't know she was holding, she relaxes as she feels the Siren pad away from behind her, but casts a quick glance to the receding figure, her tongue wetting her lips yet again as she murmurs to herself, "I hope I wasn't too harsh on her.." Making a point to be kinder next time, she returns to her place and rings the next person to their room, a rosy blush decorating her cheeks from the day's events.
Staring as Cheska forbids her from touching herself, Ada bites her lip and fidgets as she waits to be let go and makes a run for it as soon as the Innkeeper turns to face away from her, giggly laughter escaping in her wake as she calls out to her wolf, seemingly ready for the next adventure already.