The fold-out beds were not particularly comfortable but the white noise and movement of the tram had helped Tabitha sleep. The rolling hills outside her window gave way to flat fields. They were getting close. Groggily she extracted herself from the blankets and Saphica's limbs. Her movement caused Saphica to stir.
Tabitha began to dress. "Good morning, we should be arriving soon. Best get ready."
"What about the morning ritual?" Saphica replied with a sly smile.
"You would be perfectly happy eating my pussy for breakfast, lunch, and dinner wouldn't you?" Tabitha teased.
Saphica blushed and looked away shyly, "No...maybe."
Tabitha could feel the little sliver of hurt her rejection had caused. She knew Saphica had become fond of their intimacy. Honestly, she enjoyed it too. It'd been a long time since she'd allowed herself to feel this much connection.
Tabitha dropped her panties and climbed back into bed. "The abbreviated morning ritual."
Saphica sucked on her nipples and caressed her body but Tabitha found her mind wandering to memories of the dark things that she had done as an inquisitor. Would she need to do them again? Would that change the adoring look in Saphica's eyes? She was being silly, she didn't even know what mahant required. No need to get all maudlin yet. Still, a nagging thought persisted.You know exactly what Mahant needs. What else are you good for?She pushed it away and shifted her attention to the joy of playing with her miko.
Saphica was good at her work. She quickly fingered Tabitha to orgasm and made a big show of licking her fingers clean. It had the desired effect.
Tabitha pounced on her pinning her to the bed. "What am I going to do with you, mouth slut?" she growled playfully.
Suddenly the tram shuddered and began decelerating indicating that they had reached their destination and rudely interrupted their play.
"It seems that the day is upon us. I'll have to take care of you later."
"Cock blocked by a tram," Saphica pouted, "that's a first for me."
They dressed and gathered their things as the train slowly pulled into the station. A large sign read PISSDORF LOCOMOTORY AUTO-BOILER GASTRAM STATION.
"Pissdorf," Saphica chuckled.

♥ ♥ ♥

Pissdorf was originally named Blissdorf, but every map published in recent memory spelled it with a P. The Cartographers Guild claimed that this was simply a typo but no efforts to correct it have ever been made. In truth, a spiteful cartographer had an unfortunate holiday in Blissdorf and intentionally misspelled the town's name. It was a crude joke, so of course, the name stuck.
Saphica enjoyed the smell of saltwater in the air and looked at all the maritime shops as they made their way down the main avenue toward the heart of town. She had never been on a boat larger than a canoe and was excited to see so many bobbing in the distance.
They found a little café where they ordered some breakfast and watched the locals go about their morning business.
"Who do you think the others in the contingent will be?" asked Saphica while buttering a biscuit.
"Bureaucrats and nerds I imagine." Tabitha said with a smirk while enjoying her coffee.
Saphica giggled. "Well, I hope they're more fun than that!"
They finished their breakfast and got directions to the Busted Flush which was only two blocks away. The inn was constructed in the stone and wood style common to the area. It looked well-maintained and clean. Saphica mused on what the inn's name could be referring to. She was an avid reader of smutty novels and in those stories, the names almost always meant something dirty.
"Would you check us in? I'm going to take a look around." Tabitha had to explore any space she was to spend time in. She felt it important to learn the layout, the points of ingress, and especially the points of egress.
Saphica felt her mistress' habit was a little paranoid, but she kept that to herself and walked up to the bar. There was no innkeeper to be found or anyone else for that matter. The inn's common room was pretty typical, booths lined the walls, tables and chairs dotted the main floor. There was a large hearth with the smoldering remnants of last night's fire.
A large man pushed through the front door with a cask under each arm. He huffed and puffed as he hoisted the casks up and set them on the bar top.
Saphica called out, "Hi! Are you, by chance, the innkeeper?"
He spun around startled, but when he saw the strangely dressed woman standing by the bar, he smiled.
"Sorry lass, I didn't see yeh there. Sometimes I get the ole' tunnel-vision when I'm schlepping grog. Not as young as I used to be. The name's Buddy. I'm the proprietor of this here establishment. What can I do for yeh?"
"I have a reservation under Saphica Scissors or maybe the Scroatsburg-Fossegrim travel contin--that name is terrible."
"They always are lass. Bureaucrats, no imagination. Here yeh are in the ledger. Taint and Scissors. I'll put you in number three it's got the double bunks."
"No," Saphica said a little too emphatically. "Is there a room with one large bed?"
"Absolutely. Take number four."
Buddy's eyes fell on the holy symbol that Saphica wore as a pendant. He looked uncomfortable for a moment. "Err... I don't know the correct term, so please forgive the description but are you one of those sex-nuns?"
Saphica chuckled, "Officially, we're the Followers of Libidini but sex-nun is apt. Why do you ask?"
"Well, yeh see my sister Maggs runs a brothel. Last year some Followers of," Buddy worked through the pronunciation. "Li bi di ni... lotta' i's in that one, came through town. Maggs convinced them to do a workshop for her girls. She's been raving about the results since. Patronage has gone way up."
"I can imagine."
"But new whores come in, old whores move on. I guess they could use a refresher. She asked me to keep an eye out for her and ask yeh to drop by. She's happy to pay yeh for your trouble. It's called The Sausage Factory. Ask for Maggs."
"I'll keep that in mind. So what's the story behind Busted Flush? Is it a gambling reference?"
"Err...won it in a game of poker offa the previous owner, that sorta thing? No. That would be a much cooler tale. The truth is we had this broken toilet. Called on every tinkerer, plumber, and handyman what passes through here and none of them could fix er'. In their travels, those professionals passed on tale of our un-fixable toilet and it became a sort of test of skill or right of passage. Fix the busted flush and yer king of the plumbers! Or something, bragging rights at least. It brought in a lot of business so I just sorta went with it."
"What was the original name?"
"The Rusty Blowhole, named after me dad."
"Your family must feature prominently in the local lore of this town."
"Yeh have no idea," he said with a chuckle. "Don't get me started on those scurvy wastrels I call cousins."
Tabitha returned to the common room, apparently content with her exploration. Saphica watched her stride across the room and wondered how had she landed the affections of such a magnificent creature.
"Ahh, is this Mrs. Taint? Pleased ta meet yeh. Names Buddy. Yeh're in room number four. Lemme know if yeh need anything."
Tabitha paused letting the wave of jovial hospitality pass. "Thank you, Buddy. We need to find a sea captain. Saphica, what was his name?"
"Stipol Manlove," Saphica supplied.
Buddy guffawed. "Stipol's my brother-in-law!"
Saphica giggled. "Of course, he is."
Tabitha was confused but indifferent. "When the rest of our group arrives, could you please tell us where to find him?" asked Tabitha
"Certainly."
Tabitha touched Saphica's arm, "Let's get settled. Number four was it?"
"Yes ma'am," Buddy answered. "Best in the house."
The two women carried their bags up the stairs. Their accommodations were sparsely decorated but clean and comfortable. Shells, rope, and other sailing bric-a-brac festooned the space, It was a real treat for lovers of nautical shabby chic. Unfortunately, neither of them were.
Tabitha immediately noticed the one bed. "It looks like we'll be bunking together again unless you think we should go ask Buddy--"
"No, Mistress! This room is lovely..." and so is sleeping with you, she wanted to say but didn't.
"Oh, very well. Another night of our naked bodies rubbing against each other as we toss and turn, sweating between the sheets--Saphy, are you feeling alright? Your cheeks have gone quite pink."
"I'm w--ahh!" Saphica tumbled backwards onto the bed. Saphica's heart raced both from the surprise fall and from her mistress suddenly straddling her.
"Well then, if you're feeling well, let's pick up where we left off this morning, mouth slut."

♥ ♥ ♥

Trixie had slept through the tram's arrival and had been ousted by a surly goblin tram attendant. She was feeling a little disheveled and disoriented but a mug of surprisingly good coffee and a muffin of dubious nutritional value had set her right.
She had found the Busted Flush and was seated at a large round table sipping a beer, waiting for the others in the contingent to show. A salacious smile spread across her face as she remembered her bar car antics from last night. She unfortunately did not get to reminisce for very long.
"Oh, hello Mrs. Darling, we meet again!"
Trixie looked over at the smiling earnest face of the boring guy from the SLAG. Initially she had thought he was kind of cute with his wavy blond hair and slight effeminate affect but as he droned on about trams her interest died. "Hi... tram guy."
"Dapple, Dapple Dandysnatch," he supplied.
"Okay."
"Of the Urban Planning department," he added.
"Okay."
"I take it that you're also part of the Scroatsburg-Fossegrim travel contingent which is a great name by the way. Very descriptive but perhaps a little long. What do you think of shortening it to Scro-Foss travel contingent or maybe just an acronym SFTC? Although, I wouldn't want to sacrifice clarity for brevity but I'm certain we can find a balance."
Trixie shifted in her seat. "Yes, and you should be in charge of that."
"Certainly," He beamed. "Have you seen the rest of our contingent?"
"Nope."
"Which office are you representing?"
"Weights and Measures."
"Fascinating stuff weights and measures! I almost went into it, but the world of civics stole my heart--"
"Oh, look!" Trixie interrupted, grateful for the diversion. "I think those two are the others. Hello ladies. Do have a seat."
One of them looked familiar. Trixie was pretty sure it was the woman from the tram car. The other woman's identity was confirmed when she winced as she sat down. Trixie smiled,I bet her ass is still sore.
Saphica's cheeks were indeed still sore. "Hi! This is Tabitha Taint and I'm Saphica Scissors."
"Dapple Dandysnatch, Urban Planning. Which office are you with?"
"Oh, we're Followers of Libidini."
Trixie perked up, this was the sort of religious zealotry she could get behind. "Sex-nuns!" she exclaimed. "Er, sorry, I didn't mean to say that out loud. I'm Trixie Darling, Weights and Measures."
"Yes... well, it's very nice to meet you both." Saphica replied.
"So, is this your first trip to Fossegrim?" Dapple prattled on.
They chatted for a while, exchanged pleasantries, and asked mundane things like 'do you have siblings?'. Soon talk turned to the expedition. Buddy explained how to find Captain Manlove, and they headed out to the waterfront.
Saphica liked people and was always keen to learn what motivated them. As they walked she and Dapple continued to converse. "So, Dapple, why are you headed to Fossegrim?"
"Urban Planning, or UP as we like to call it, has a professional information exchange program with various cities. I'm going to Fossegrim to give a lecture on how we use our census data to try to predict peak traffic on our arterial routes. So what about you two eh? Bringing the good word to the heathens in Fossegrim?" asked Dapple.
"Oh no, there's already a Libidinous temple in Fossegrim. From what I understand, a good many Grimen are already followers or at least enjoy frequenting the temple. No, we were also sent on an exchange program of sorts."
"Yes," Tabitha interjected, "we're teaching a class on erotic cock and ball torture. If you're available Mr. Dandysnatch, we're looking for volunteers for the practical."
"Ahh, no Mrs. Taint I believe I will pass on that thoughtful offer."
Saphica took the hint. "If it helps sweeten the deal, we'll>probablylet you cum in the end. Ya know, if you do a good job."
"You ladies drive a hard bargain, but no, perhaps think of me if ever you do a class on blowjobs."
"Do you give good blowjobs?" Trixie feigned misunderstanding.
"Oh uh, I don't...well I... I've never received any complaints but in truth, I was picturing myself more on the receiving end."
Tabitha, Saphica, and Trixie smiled at each other. Perhaps there was more to Dapple than trams and civil engineering.

♥ ♥ ♥

The Blubber Lubber gently rocked with the waves in its berth at pier twenty-two. Its crew was busy loading and unloading various supplies and trade goods.
"Ahoy." Trixie shouted at the ship "We have business with Captain Manlove."
A deckhand replied, "Captains havin' a slash." he pointed to a tall bearded grey-haired man urinating off the bow. "He'll be with ya in a moment."
Captain Manlove finished passing water, put his dick away, and approached the party. "Ahoy there. You lot must be the Scroatsburg-Fossegrim Travel Contingent. Now tell me truly, did they put any thought whatsoever into that name?"
"Zero." replied Trixie.
"Well, perhaps I can help ya there. I got a knack for naming things. How about the Baleful Bruisers? No? Crystal Eternity? Too abstract? I'm just riffing here, we'll have many days at sea to workshop it. Oh, the Alpha Team!"
"I kind of like our contingent name," said Dapple.
Everyone stared at Dapple, silently questioning his judgement.
"So then, to business. Tell me your name and I'll mark yer on the list." One by one they said their name and Captain Manlove checked them off the list until he got to Trixie.
Captain Manlove eyed her curiously. "I have no Trixie on my list, lass. Have you confused yer aliases or is this some bureaucratic cock-up?"
Trixie grumbled. "Divotrix Darling."
"Ahh, there ye be! Now that the administrative part is complete, let me give you the details of our voyage, then Stubby, our Quartermaster, can give you a tour of this fine vessel."
Captain Manlove went over the rules, schedule, and general boat safety. "And that's why ya don't masturbate up in the rigging. It's how Stubby got his nickname."
Stubby glowered at the captain.
"Well thank you for that exhaustive and graphic lesson," replied Tabitha "Stubby, how about that tour."
The tour was brief. Stubby showed them the galley, their guest cabins, the quarterdeck, the bow, and the gangway.
Dapple took the opportunity to get some details about the ship. "Stubby, how many passengers are there on this voyage?"
"Thirty."
"And how many crew?"
"Twenty-five"
"How well defended is the Blubber Lubber?"
"Poorly."
"What do we do if pirates attack?"
"Run."
"And if they catch us?"
"Fight."
"You're a man of few words Stubby, but you paint a powerful picture."
"Blow."
They conferred as they walked along the pier.
"I'm so excited to set sail! Both the Captain and Quartermaster are such colorful characters!" said Saphica.
"Yes, colorful, eccentric even. I am a little concerned about our safety. The Feckless Sea has its share of dangers." replied Dapple.
"I agree." said Trixie. "Relying on them would be foolish. I regret leaving Agatha behind."
"Agatha?" Dapple asked.
"My glaive."
"Ahh, right. Well, we have some time. Perhaps we can prepare some defenses. I'm going to see about procuring some supplies. I assume someone that owns a named glaive can handle themselves in combat. How about you two? Are the followers of Libidini pacifists?
"No, quite the opposite. Martial arts and weapons training are core curricula." Saphica supplied. "We can't pursue our sacred mission if we're dead."
"How about you Dapple," asked Trixie, "do you know which end of the sword goes in your enemy?"
"I'm not much for martial combat but I did apprentice with the Alchemist's guild for a few years and I got my start in Urban Planning with the demolition team."
Tabitha smiled, "Dapple, that is the most interesting thing you've said all day,"
As is often the case in small port towns there was a small market and cluster of shops near the waterfront. Cargo had a habit of wandering off in port, so it made good business sense to get it delivered as quickly as possible.
Trixie wasn't particularly excited by the prospect of shopping. It was unlikely that she would find a quality polearm here but perhaps she could find some amusement so she wandered the market with the others.
Dapple found a vendor selling the supplies he needed to make his incendiary devices. He was very excited by the selection and very chatty.
The weathered silver-haired merchant was concerned by Dapple's shopping list, "You've got some dangerous reagents here, lad. Do you know what you're doing?"
"Oh, yes. I'm making greek fire, thunderclap, and maybe some molotova if I can find the right sort of bottles."
The merchant brightened, "It sounds like you know how to keep your fingers. Just the same, I'll give ya me Mum's recipe. The ole' lady made a mean thunderclap. I like to see the young folk keeping the alchemical traditions alive."
Dapple thanked the man and continued his hunt through the market for interesting alchemical ingredients.
Saphica found a specialty shop that piqued her interest. The sign claimed that the attached shop was a goblin owned and operated saddlery. Inside they found the most delightful collection of harnesses, bindings, and of course saddles, all designed to be worn by human-sized folk. Trixie wasn't into being ridden, at least not like that, but she did like the look of the leather gear and there were other fun toys to browse.
The shop owner was, as promised, a goblin and he took an immediate fancy to Saphica. He offered her a job as shop pony, a job that involved demoing gear for customers, giving rides, and generally prancing around mostly nude like a frisky pony. Tabitha made it clear that this pony was spoken for.
Goblins generally enjoy arguing and negotiating but something about Tabitha's demeanor made him think better of it.
"That guyreallylikes ponies," Saphica remarked as they browsed.
Tabitha fondled a cute black leather bridle with a red plume, "Would you enjoy being my pony, Saphy?"
"I enjoy being yours, Mistress. If you desire a pony then a pony I shall be."
"Good answer." Tabitha flashed a genuine smile. "Let's find you a treat."
They browsed the various wares and found a lot of fun kinky stuff. Saphica came out of the dressing room wearing a black leather body harness that hugged all her ample curves. Saphica showed off a little and enjoyed the attention.
"See mistress, the crotch strap has this little buckle loop, so you can lock me in it when you want." Saphica was quite taken with the harness, as was Trixie who had a difficult time hiding her erection, as was the shop owner who muttered something about wasted talent.
Tabitha gave a nod of approval and Saphica disappeared back into the dressing room.
In the end, they purchased a thuddy flogger, a slapper, an intricately decorated strap-on, and the harness. Trixie decided on a dildo carved from antler.
Across the street, Saphica spotted a bookstore and wanted to see what their erotic romance section looked like. Trixie noticed a peculiar shop down the way and promised to catch up. It appeared to be a curiosity shop but there were some swords in the window display. The door opened with the typical bell jingle and revealed the warren-like aisles of the shop. As if magically summoned by the jingle, the proprietor appeared beside her.
"Welcome! Can I help you find something?"
The proprietor was a humanoid rat person. Trixie hadn't met one before but she knew that they were called Ratfolk or Nezumi and that they lived by their own interesting code of honor and they valued etiquette.
"Greetings, sir." she bowed slightly. "My name is Trixie Darling. What is yours?"
"Trixie Darling, you have wonderful manners. I am Rosco Brisby and I am at your service."
"Mr. Brisby, I seek a polearm of significant quality."
Mr. Brisby stroked his chin thoughtfully. "I have seen spears and poleaxes at the smithy down the way."
"Yes, I saw them as well. They are... inelegant."
Mr. Brisby's ear twitched and he seemed to be mulling something over. "Come with me, Trixie Darling." He lead her to a space in the back where he pulled out a long stick in a cloth bag. "This is a naginata," he explained as he removed the bag. "Are you familiar with it?"
Trixie studied it intently. "My weapons master had one, though I did not know what it was at the time. It's beautiful. May I?"
Mr. Brisby handed it to her. She felt the balance of the weapon and the quality of the blade. She was immediately enamored. "May I buy this from you?"
"Yes, but the price is high."
"I would expect so."
"3000 Kopek"
That was indeed high but this weapon was created by a master weaponsmith of exquisite material and had been exceptionally well maintained. "...I have only 500."
"Pay me what you can and pay the rest in the coming months."
It was rare for a merchant to extend credit, even more so to a stranger. "You would accept credit from me? Why?"
"It once belonged to my sister and I think it would make her happy to see her weapon celebrated in battle once more."
"Thank you, Mr. Brisby. I will cherish this weapon and I will pay my debt."
"Good journey to you, Trixie Darling."
Trixie left the shop considerably poorer but in significantly better spirits.

♥ ♥ ♥

Dinner at the busted flush was simple but Trixie had found that simple dishes, done well, are special in their own right. She enjoyed her dinner of scotched collops with brown gravy and salad and had found her new companions to be pleasant enough as they ate and talked. Dapple was telling Tabitha about the differences between his recipe for thunderclap and that of the merchant's mother. Surprisingly, Tabitha was interested in this topic.
Saphica had taken the opportunity to engage with Trixie and plied her with beer. "Forgive me for saying this but you don't seem like any bureaucrat I've ever met. How did you get into government work?"
"Mostly I wanted to get paid for doing nothing," Trixie replied. "I'd much rather be high on blitz-weed and fucking some gorgeous thing than slaving away making shoes or pushing paper."
"And they pay you to do nothing?"
"Sort of." Trixie explained that in government, the illusion of work was just as good as actual work. In fact, sometimes it was better. She told Saphica how she would trade favors to get assigned the nebulous, never-ending, projects where progress was difficult to measure.
"At least, until I got saddled with this assignment, my work was to verify that merchants and guilds had converted from using the old standard precision of three decimal places to the new standard of four when measuring commodity tonnage. Do you know how many merchants use anything more precise than two places? None. So I report that they're in compliance and I go get weird with my friends."
"How did you get saddled with this assignment?" asked Saphica playing with her coaster.
"The Aedile had a hard-on for me. Not literally, well maybe, but I mean he wanted me specifically for the task because I'm from Fossegrim."
"I don't think I've met a Grimen until now. So, is Divotrix your full name, do you dislike it?"
"I was named after my mother."
"Do you two not get along?"
"We do not." Trixie sighed. "She's a controlling narcissistic bitch, who was always waxing on about propriety and whatever embarrassing thing I'd just done. I was a rebellious tomboy trying to find my own identity. It didn't help that my libido ramped early. I don't usually share this much. You're strangely easy to talk to."
"Thank you for sharing with me. It means a lot." replied Saphica.
"So how about you?" Trixie deflected. "How did you meet your Mistress? How does your relationship work?"
"I graduated from the Neophyte ranks just as Mistress Taint decided to take on a miko. It's like an apprentice or mentee. It's a fairly competitive position. I told myself that I wanted it to advance faster and learn more. Lately, I've been thinking that perhaps I just wanted her. I'm not supposed to fall in love with her. It's against the rules..."
"Are you in love with her?"
"My heart flutters every time she calls me Saphy, every time she tells me I belong to her."
"Is that a thing? Do you belong to her?" Trixie asked with genuine concern in her voice.
"Not like legally no, It's more of a spiritual contract. So long as I choose to be her miko then yes, I belong to her. If I quit... then I'm no longer hers."
Tabitha had had her fill of thunderclap talk, "Well, what shall we do with the evening?"
"How about a team-building exercise?" Saphica said excitedly.
"What like trust falls?" Trixie grimaced. "No thank you."
"No, a real thing. Buddy says his sister Maggs needs a hand. Let's help her, it'll be fun, I promise."

♥ ♥ ♥

The party stood outside a warehouse with a large sign on it that readThe Sausage Factory.
"Wait, Maggs runs a brothel?" Dapple was no prude but he had thus far in life not had any dealings with the proprietress of a brothel.
"Yes, from what Buddy tells me she's very entrepreneurial."
This did not allay Dapple's concerns. "I'm sure she is but what does she need from us?"
Saphica ignored him and opened the door.
A large muscular bouncer was waiting inside. "You have an appointment?"
"No, we're here to see Maggs," she replied.
"Maggs, you got solicitors," yelled the bouncer up a set of stairs.
"Are they selling cookies?" Maggs yelled back.
"Y'all selling cookies?"
"No cookies. Buddy sent us." replied Saphica.
"No cookies. Buddy sent them," he yelled.
"Send them up."
The bouncer ushered them through the doorway and up the stairs to Maggs' office where they were greeted by a short woman with dark, curly hair wearing wool trousers and a vest that showed quite a lot of cleavage. Saphica liked her immediately.
"I'm Maggs, Madam of The Sausage Factory. What can I do for you?"
"Your brother said you're looking for Followers of Libidini for some sort of workshop."
"Ahh yes, that's what we did last time. It was great but this time I have something a little more grand in mind. Let me give you my pitch." Maggs got up and paced the room for a moment.
"All of these whores can suck n' fuck a customer, it's a commodity, you can get it anywhere. Your average John or Jill comes in pays their fee, gets their rocks off, and leaves. What I'm looking for is the sort of customer-focused experience that builds brand loyalty. A premium experience that justifies premium pricing. Ya follow?"
"I follow," replied Tabitha "you want to build a boutique brothel brand."
"Exactly! I want to expand to offer fancy drinks, erotic performances, and specialty services as well as the standard suck n' fuck. So, what's stopping me you might ask."
"Indeed."
"Many of my whores are good earners but they're not motivated to grow. They need a role model, someone to show them how to work a room rather than one dick. Show them what's possible with the art of seduction, the art of salesmanship."
"Ahh, you want us to put on a spectacle to promote the new premium Sausage Factory and show your whores that not all brothel work is done lying on their back."
Maggs nodded, "The workshop made them better on their backs. I want them better at drawing in clientele. Do you think you can be that role model?"
Tabitha nodded. "I have a bit that will get the job done. Can you get together an audience tonight? We leave in the morning."
"I'll make it happen. Curtains up at full-dark."
"Dapple dear, you did mention that you'd be up for assisting in the instruction of blowjobs. It seems your time has come." Tabitha teased.
"What? But I--"
"Please," Saphica gave him her best puppy dog eyes. "I promise it'll be fun."
"Oh, very well."

♥ ♥ ♥

The party was prepared to put on a spectacle for Maggs. Dapple was anxious. He didn't have much stage experience and the idea of performing a sex act in front of a crowd was scary. Tabitha had explained the plan. They were doing a psychic reading bit. She was the psychic, Saphica the assistant, Trixie worked security, and Dapple was the plant.
"I'm going to call you up on stage for audience participation. Saphica is going to get you worked up and I am going to do a reading for you. We'll explore that reading on stage and then we'll hand you off to the ladies for the premium service. If at any point it gets to be too much, use your safeword."
"Safeword? We're just doing blowjobs right?"
"I will read your heart's desires, if it's blowjobs you want then it's blowjobs you get."
Dapple was still concerned but didn't object further. Besides, he had a safeword. Saphica peaked around the curtains. Maggs had rounded up a pretty good crowd on such short notice.
Maggs came out on stage. "I would say welcome, ladies and gentlemen, but you lot would make a liar of me! So instead I'll say valued customers, dear friends, scurvy scallywags, welcome! Tonight the Sausage Factory proudly presents the psychic stylings of Mistress Taint and her ever-horny assistant Mrs. Scissors."
The curtains lifted to reveal Saphica face down in Tabitha's pussy. "Ohh! That's our cue!" They scrambled to look professional. The audience laughed at their exaggerated antics.
Saphica introduced herself and her Mistress in more detail and went on to describe the rules. "Firstly, no kink-shaming! I can tell just by looking at ya that most of you routinely indulge in carnal urges far more depraved than anything we'll see here tonight. Right, here's how it works."
The audience listened with rapt attention as Saphica explained the mystical reading process. They giggled as she pantomimed a blowjob and murmured excitedly at the mention of complimentary premium services.
"Who will be our first vict--volunteer?"
The audience went silent, uncertain of this mystic, afraid to share their dirty secrets, but also tantalized by the prospects of free sexual gratification.
Tabitha, who had been quietly standing in the background, leaped forward to the edge of the stage like a predatory cat. "That one..." she said pointing directly at Dapple.
Dapple was not prepared and froze.
"Come along, good sir. You have been chosen by the Mistress." Saphica ushered Dapple up on stage. The crowd's relief was palpable. "Thank you, what's your name?"
Dapple scrambled for a name. "Umm, Digby"
"Mr. Digby, do you believe in psychic readings?." Tabitha asked as she paced around him menacingly.
Dapple was sweating. "No..."
"Well then, perhaps we can open your mind. Mrs. Scissors give him a little dance if you please."
Music played and Saphica began doing a strip tease routine. Dapple was flustered but obviously enjoying himself, as did the audience. The music faded and Saphica ended her routine mostly nude and kneeling in front of Dapple.
"How about a round of applause for the lovely! Ohh! You cock hungry slut I haven't said go yet!" Tabitha had turned around and Dapple's pants were around his ankles and Saphica was performing exaggerated fellatio.
The audience laughed and applauded. Saphica continued blowing Dapple who was in a daze from all the stimulation and adrenalin.
"Now for the reading!" Tabitha made a theatrical production of feeling his energy and reading his mind. Dapple could feel a presence in his head but he wrote it off as the power of suggestion. Still, he found himself thinking of his deepest fantasies. One held firm.
"It is chosen!"
Saphica entertained the audience by masturbating and orgasming loudly while sucking Dapple's cock.
Behind them Tabitha donned a strap-on with a long dildo. The audience hooted, hollered, laughed, and cheered. Dapple was distracted by Saphica's talented mouth.
Tabitha slid in behind him. "Here we go, sweetie. Slow down for a second."
Dapple could feel a lubed cock at his back door.
"Oh! You picked this one!" Dapple blushed.
"Technically, you picked it. Do you want to tap out? I can still spin it as a joke."
Dapple pondered for a moment. He had come this far. Was there a point to backing down now? "I-I want it."
Tabitha gently pressed the head of her cock into his ass and paused. "Press back onto it."
"Yes, Mistress." Dapple did his best to relax his muscles. The dildo wasn't that girthy but still, it took a moment to get used to its size.
"Good boy." Tabitha gently fucked his ass. She became more forceful and it caused Dapple's cock to slip in and out of Saphica's lips. Dapple was fuck drunk, prostate getting pounded, his cock in the mouth of a champion fellatrix, orgasm building, he wouldn't last long.
"Hang on there Mistress Taint!" interrupted Maggs "You promised my girls a turn." Maggs and 3 scantily clad women, all wearing strap-ons, came out on stage.
"What's happening?" whispered Dapple.
Saphica giggled. "Time to go play."
Tabitha slid her cock out and the three women rushed him.
"Come with us Mr, Digby."
"We have plans for that sweet ass."
"Be good and maybe you can fuck us too."
"Off to the premium suite, you sluts!" shouted Maggs.
On his way out, Dapple heard Saphica say "We have time for one more reading before intermission!" and the audience cheered.
The premium suite was pretty nice. "Well done ladies. That was quite the spectacle."
"We're not done yet."
"Are we not?" replied Dapple.
"Not by a long shot."
"Ya, sweetie. It's our turn to practice."
"You did good for the show but Mrs. Scissors promised us you'd do good for us too!"
"Well, I couldn't possibly leave you three disappointed." Dapple conceded.
The three prostitutes were diligent in their practice. They first fucked Dapple's ass missionary style while one of the others sat on his face and jerked him off. The second fucked him standing up. For the last round they formed a train where Dapple fucked one of them in the ass, the third fucked him in the ass, and the last girl fucked her in the ass. It was the most uninhibited Dapple had felt in quite some time. It felt good to just revel in sex.

♥ ♥ ♥

At the end of the show Tabitha, Trixie, and Saphica collected their well fucked compatriot and took him back to the Busted Flush. Saphica excitedly told him about the remainder of the show. "and this lady came over and over as mistress twisted her nipples so hard I was afraid they might come off!"
Saphica interrupted herself with a passing thought. "Oh, Trixie, you didn't get to cum tonight did you?"
"Well," Trixie looked a little sheepish "I bumped into Maggs backstage and she...took an interest."
"You got to fuck the Madam? You lucky devil! She was hot. Maybe don't mention that to Captain Manlove."
"I hadn't planned to. Is there a specific reason I shouldn't?"
"Maggs is his wife and I don't quite know what their arrangement is visa vie extramarital intercourse. I mean, I assume they're open based on her work."
"Good to know!"

♥ ♥ ♥

Trixie and Dapple each went to their rooms and promptly passed out. Saphica and Tabitha snuggled in bed for a while before falling asleep.
"You did great tonight." Tabitha said. "You put on quite a show. If we hadn't just fucked a bunch of people on stage I'd be trying to seduce you."
Saphica glowed at the praise. "Thank you. Watching you command the room was hot beyond words." A thought nagged at her: the psychic act, it wasn't an act, was it?
"You can read thoughts, can't you Mistress?" Saphica whispered.
Tabitha was silent for a moment. She gave Saphica a gentle squeeze and whispered, "Yes".
Did she know everything? "Then you, uh, you know all my secrets..."
"No, Saphy. I have not and will not read your thoughts."
Saphica pondered this new information. Tabitha could listen to her every thought but she chose not to. Why? Respect? Was it part of having a miko? Who else in the order was psychic?
"I do feel your presence though," Tabitha continued, "I can feel your mood and I can feel you orgasm. I hope that's alright because I can't turn that off, it's just sort of ambient information."
"That's uh--no, that's fine." It was more than fine, Saphica found it very arousing that her mistress could feel her orgasms. "We have a busy day tomorrow, lets get some sleep."