Emma Hepworth took the elevator down to the lobby from her condo on the thirty-fourth floor as she did most mornings between 7:20 and 7:30 AM. 'Good morning,' she said and smiled at Frank at his security desk and he returned her greeting and cheery smile. She walked the half a block to Sandy's Coffee Shop and ordered her coffee. It was nothing fancy, coffee with a little cream, she liked to taste coffee and Sandy made good coffee.
She collected her order, chose a table and sat. She gazed at the rush on the street as people made their way to work while toying with her wedding ring. Much had happened in her life in the past three years beginning with the sudden death of her husband, Jim, of 25 years from a massive heart attack. It was traumatic and after the initial shock she began to consider her future. She was now alone in the world, no children, no living relatives. They had owned a highly successful printing business but she had no interest in running it without Jim, there were too many memories. There were no problems selling the business or the large home they had built and financially, she was secure.
As she watched the hubbub out on the street she continued to twirl her wedding ring and think of Jim. They had had a good life, they had been happy in every respect and several years before Jim's death they had dipped their toes into the swinging lifestyle. It was at Emma's urging and at first Jim was unsure. Emma was certainly highly sexual and he realized she often needed more than he could give even though she aroused him like no other woman had but did he want to see her with other men? He gradually warmed to the idea and they proceeded with care, caution and a discerning eye. Their first meeting was with a couple who were professors at a local university named Oliver and Christine and when Jim saw his sexy wife being fucked he was hooked, it was an incredibly horny experience and Emma thoroughly enjoyed it. After meeting several times Oliver and Christine introduced Emma and Jim to Henry and Abigail, another couple who were also professors at the university. They were in their early sixties, had been swingers for many years and had prodigious sexual appetites and imaginations. They introduced Emma and Jim to many new aspects of erotic and exciting sex.
They lived in a sprawling house in the mountains north of the city where they hosted elaborate sex orgies. The orgies were often themed events involving role-play and were always very erotic affairs. Henry and Abigail had a large selection of costumes and props to act out various scenarios on hand at their mountain retreat. The orgies took place in a barn that had been converted into a sex playground catering to diverse tastes. At their first orgy, Emma and Jim experienced sexual sensory overload with the sights and sounds of people engaging in all sorts of erotic behaviour around them but they knew they liked it. Emma loved displaying herself to men who were naked and erect and fucked by different cocks, particularly one straight after another.
Over the course of many weekends Emma had assumed the roles of slave, dominatrix, schoolgirl, teacher, secretary, boss, hooker, slut wife and other characters and was turned on by all of it. It was at an orgy that Emma experienced interracial sex for the first time. The gatherings were known as the "United Nations Orgy" and multiracial sex was an interest of Henry and Abigail and a passion for  Abigail who boasted to have had sex with men of 27 different nationalities. Emma was a willing protégé with five nations to her credit and loved the experience of intimacy with men and women of different ethnic backgrounds. Abigail began her adventure right after university when she travelled to Africa. Her first interracial experience was with a Nigerian man who had very dark skin and the color contrast between their bodies when they were naked was spectacularly arousing for her and later, Henry, who loved to watch his wife with black men. She preferred black men above all others and her judgement was based on a wide sampling and a lot of experience.
After Oliver and Christine took teaching positions in Japan, Emma and Jim became good friends with Abigail and Henry and spent many weekends with them in the mountains. They sometimes watched pornographic films, usually well-hung black men fucking white women and they became a real turn on for Emma. They rarely sat through an entire film, Emma would be writhing on top of Henry's cock as she watched the action unfold on the screen and having many orgasms at the same time Abigail was riding Jim's cock. Emma's favorite porn movies were the ones featuring "Gangbang Gloria," they were amateur rather than professional and filmed by Gloria's husband most often in their home. They always featured Gloria with several black men and Emma loved the way Gloria dressed erotically for them and enjoyed showing off her body. She also enjoyed the attention of several men as did Emma. She also liked "Jan b" movies for many of the same reasons.
'Oh, how I'd love that!' Emma exclaimed one Saturday night as she stroked Henry's cock and watched Gloria with a black cock in each hand, one in her mouth and another in her pussy.
'If you truly want that it can be arranged,' Henry replied.
'Yes please,' Emma said as she straddled Henry and sat down on his erection.
Henry was as good as his word and after a few weeks Emma found herself in the same position as Gloria enjoying four black cocks while Jim stood beside the bed being sucked off by the black wife of one of the men. It was the first of many times Emma was with these men and she never tired of it. They would pound her mercilessly one after the other in different positions and she loved it all. Like Gloria, she was immensely aroused by exposing herself in lewd and obscene ways in front of men who ogled her and stroked their cocks before they fucked her.
Another passion of Henry and Abigail's was taking photographs and videos and they used their cameras during all of their sexual gatherings with the consent of the participants and later presented their guests with photo albums and DVDs. Emma now used these in her masturbatory fantasies while using vibrators and dildos. Her favorite video was with the black men. Henry had skillfully recorded Jim with his cock spraying cum in the black woman's mouth and all over her face in the foreground while she was on the bed surrounded by black men and being pumped violently in the background. There were also lots of close ups of black cocks in her hands and mouth and one cock after another entering her pussy and discharging there huge loads of creamy white cum. It was not only the visuals that turned Emma on but her whimpers, moans and screams of sexual pleasure.
After Jim passed away she continued to visit Henry and Abigail for sex and was invited to the orgies and always attended. She enjoyed being the focus with Henry and Abigail, receiving their combined attention was deliciously satisfying for her. At orgies she was much in demand and never lacked for partners throughout the night. Emma was a good dancer and Henry loved to watch her perform an erotic striptease. It surprised her just how much dancing and lewdly displaying her body turned her on. She became bolder with her obscene displays and was lustily encouraged to go further and further by Henry and other men when she performed at orgies and she was only too happy to oblige. She loved an audience particularly when they were engaged in masturbation and other foreplay while she aroused them with her lewd performance.
She had become accustomed to the level of stimulation more than one partner provided, she loved the many fingers, tongues and stiff cocks and the feel of cum spurting into her pussy, mouth and over her body simultaneously and she adored being gangbanged without let up until she was filled and splattered with semen. The more partners she had the hornier she became. After a while she began to think her promiscuity was a bizarre attempt to punish Jim for leaving her. She felt she had become a slut by allowing herself to be fucked by multiple men at every opportunity. It was only when she was alone at home following an orgy she felt ashamed. As she prepared for a shower there would be the taste of cum and pussy juice in her mouth, semen still clung to parts of her body and her pussy was full of it and her thong soaked in it. She didn't feel right without Jim, he had been an integral part of her sex life, there were too many memories of him when she was with other couples despite how much she enjoyed and wanted the group sex. She missed him, she missed sex with him and she reluctantly ended her swinging lifestyle.
At 49, Emma could easily pass for 39 and was still able to catch the eye of men of all ages. She had a well-proportioned figure although she thought her breasts were too large. Jim had always said they were perfect as was her bottom, 'Eleven out of ten, maybe twelve for each,' he always said. She knew men found her sexy and since Jim's death there had been opportunities to date but it just never felt right. She dressed well in a manner that complimented her body and it excited her to know that men stared at her with one thing on their naughty minds. She was frequently horny and knew there would be no problem for her to find a man and get laid but she was nervous about a serious relationship. Sex with Henry and Abigail and the orgies had been easy, they required no commitment, just a willingness to have sex and she had done that in spades.
She now filled her time with activities. For years Emma had been involved with local amateur dramatics and had performed every role both on and off stage but now she was also taking a night school course in cooking and another in psychology, she did volunteer work at the local Food Bank and met with three lady friends once a week to play golf and have lunch. The husband of one of her friends had even propositioned her and for a brief moment she had considered taking him up on his offer before coming to her senses.
Emma glanced around the coffee shop and saw a newspaper on the seat beside her. Normally she never read a newspaper, she got the news from the internet or radio but something urged her to pick it up. She thumbed idly through the pages when something caught her eye. It was an advertisement for people required for TV commercials and print ads. That interested her, she had dealt with advertising companies and TV stations at the printing company. She quietly ripped the ad out of the page, folded it and slipped it into the back pocket of her jeans.
A young man had been staring at Emma from across the café for at least five minutes. Each time she glanced his way he would quickly look away. It became a game where she was in control, she liked to tease and knew this young guy she deemed to be in his early twenties was thinking how much he would like to fuck her. It made her horny and she made sure she moved her body in as sensual a way as the chair allowed. She drained her cup, stood and walked towards the door making sure her admirer got a good look as she purposely dropped the cup in front of the bin, bent over, picked it up and deposited it. On the street, she decided if he followed her out she would let herself be seduced. She was in great need of a young stud's rock hard erection pounding her cock-neglected pussy. When Emma looked back he wasn't there and somewhat disappointed, she made her way back to the condo.
Emma called the number in the newspaper ad and spoke with an informative lady named Jean and made an appointment for the following afternoon. Jean Kirkstone greeted Emma with a smile and a handshake and led her to a bright office against a bank of tall windows. 'We are a sort of clearing house for TV, radio, print and of course, internet commercials,' she began, 'we match your profile with the requirements of the commercial, something like a dating site but our jobs are real.' She gave a little laugh and Emma joined in, she had a brief association with a dating site and was well aware of what Jean meant. Jean proceeded to ask Emma a series of questions designed to fit her into appropriate commercials. She was particularly interested in Emma's involvement with amateur dramatics, 'That's a definite asset, it means you can deliver a line or two instead of always being a mute, background adornment.' When the questions were finished Jean scanned the sheet and said, 'Right, we have a 49 year old lady, 5' 6", very attractive and vivacious, with experience in amateur dramatics. Just those few details from your profile will attract a lot of attention, you may be a very busy girl. We'll be in touch, I hope you have many happy assignments.' Jean accompanied Emma to the front where they shook hands and parted.
Three days later Emma's career in commercials began with the role of walking a dog along a park path and smiling a lot with two other fiftyish ladies as the narrator extolled the wonders of some new medication. More assignments followed, they were varied and in some she got to speak a couple of lines which spawned ads for the radio. She was quite busy and loved the people she met and the varied locations she worked. As directors realized she could take their direction well and deliver the lines as they wanted, the demand for her increased.
Emma received a call from Jean Kirkstone with the offer of a special assignment. 'We're looking for three mature and attractive ladies for a new online catalogue of vacation wear. It will consist of casual but high end vacation clothes for day and evening, beachwear and swimwear and I immediately thought of you. You'll spend about a week in and around Miami and all expenses will be covered. The modelling team will also consist of three young ladies and three young men. How do you feel about modelling very skimpy bikinis?'
'Oh, I'm perfectly fine with that,' Emma replied. It was a no-brainer. She knew she looked good in a swimsuit or bikini, or so Jim had told her many times and displaying her body turned her on. She marked the time off on her calendar.
The flight to Miami was uneventful and the weather upon landing was perfect for swimwear and the beach. There was a gathering in the hotel bar for models and crew and Emma was pleased to see a couple of people she had worked with before. Shelley was one of the younger ladies and Gavin one of the men. In overall command was the director/photographer Amy Capella, a rising star in the business.
'This company must be well-heeled,' Gavin commented to Emma as they stood at the hotel bar.
'Why do you say that?' Emma asked.
'Usually on these gigs there are two or three to a room, here we each have our own room. I think Amy can pull those strings since she is much in demand.'
'Okay everyone, gather around,' Amy called out. 'Welcome, glad you all made it and I'm looking forward to a great shoot. We'll be photographing in the hotel, on the grounds, the beach and in the water as well as a few locations some of us will travel to. Our client wants an innovative campaign and that's what we'll give them. So, mingle, get to know one another and we meet again in the Ferris Lounge at nine AM sharp.'
As the evening progressed it was learned that each group of three models had a dresser that was familiar with the clothes each was to wear. The vital statistics for each model had been submitted and outfits allocated accordingly.
When Emma and the other models met the following morning Amy's crew had already been at work for over two hours. Lisa, Amy's assistant, led them out to the hotel gardens where a marquee had been erected that would act as a change room. Privacy was limited but that wasn't unusual in this business but the somewhat exotic locale added a touch of sensuality that Emma felt immediately. The young male models were well toned and when Emma lingered her gaze on Gavin, dressed in a pair of briefs, he caught her stare and gave her a big smile. She felt embarrassed to be caught ogling this young man's body but couldn't deny being aroused by it.
The gardens of the hotel with its palms, hibiscus, bougainvillea and other exotic plants provided the perfect backdrop for Amy. The morning began slowly but everyone soon got up to speed and by lunch were operating like an oiled machine. The day was spent in the garden and lobby area of the hotel, the clothes were lovely and very high-end. There is always a lot of hurry up and wait with this type of work as you await your turn in front of the camera and by four-thirty Amy called it a wrap. After dinner most of the crew went to a nightclub down the block but Emma decided to stay at the hotel and have a drink in the bar with Lexi, another of the older ladies. They were chatting and sipping their drinks when Gavin walked in. 'Hi, Gavin, come and join us,' Lexi called out.
Gavin smiled, came over and sat. 'You know one another?' Emma asked.
Gavin and Lexi stared at one another for several seconds before Lexi said, 'Er, yes, we've worked together before.' The looks told Emma there was more there but didn't pursue it.
'Not going to the nightclub?' Emma asked Gavin.
'It's not my thing, I'm not much of a dancer and I don't like the noise they pretend is music these days. I'd much rather chat with you two lovely ladies,' he said.
Emma laughed, 'Well, thank you kind Sir but we're old enough to be your mother.'
'I prefer older ladies, always have, they are much more interesting to talk to and by far, sexier,' he gave a sideways glance to Lexi who quickly looked away.
Emma's suspicions were heightened when Lexi left for her room and Gavin made his exit shortly afterwards and was now convinced they had a thing going on. Lucky Lexi, Emma thought.
Next morning work began at nine and by lunch the clothing was finished and the beachwear would commence following lunch. The crew moved the marquee onto the beach and the modeling of wraps and beach shirts etc. began. The older threesome didn't have a lot to model so their afternoon work was light and they enjoyed watching Amy work with the others. They would stay on the beach tomorrow for swimwear modeling in the morning then move to one of the hotel pools for the afternoon.
After dinner Emma went up to her room and planned on a quiet evening. She stripped off, had a shower and put on one of Jim's t-shirts that she always wore for bed. It was baggy and came down below her bottom. She was pouring a glass of wine when there was a knock on her door. She looked through the peephole and saw it was Lexi. She opened the door and let her in. 'I didn't want to be alone and didn't want to sit in the bar all night so I thought I'd come and see if you wanted a gal chat and this,' and held up a bottle of wine.
'Sure,' Emma said and stepped aside to let Lexi in.'
Emma poured another glass and they sat down. 'I haven't seen you before, is this your first gig of this type?' Emma said it was and that she was enjoying it. 'They're not all this nice, so you picked a good one.'
'I gather you and Gavin have worked together before?'
Lexi looked down at her glass, 'Er, yes, we've worked together a few times.'
'I sensed last night that there's more than just a working relationship with you two,' Emma said.
'It was that obvious?' Yes, we met at another kind of shoot and like to get together once in a while.'
'What kind of a shoot?'
'Pornographic!'
'What!' Emma cried, almost choking on her wine.
'It's not uncommon in our business to get into adult stuff, the money is good and it is fun - if you like showing off your body and being fucked and I like both.'
Emma thought for a moment, becoming more aroused by the second. 'How did you ever start?'
'Amy knows one of the best adult photographers and videographers in the biz, a woman named Marcie Graham. I mentioned to Amy I was interested and she gave me her contact details. I began with a few still photography sessions, some on my own, some with women and some with men then I graduated to video. I enjoyed doing the videos best, the men are young, well-toned and usually have big dicks and can give you a satisfying fucking. With still photos you are constantly stopping so the perfect shot can be taken, his cock might be deep into you and all you want to do is have him pound you but once the shot is taken you move on to something else. Some of the men lose their erections and have to be hardened again. You never feel like you've been fucked but with videos you know you've been fucked. I did some still work with Gavin and my first video and believe me, he's one that never loses his hard-on.'
Emma was flushed and suddenly very horny. 'I would have thought we were too old for that sort of thing,' she said.
Lexi shook her head, 'Not at all, videos of older ladies with younger men are very popular. With your looks and body you would be much in demand, with producers and young men.'
'Do you really think so?' Emma said, wriggling and feeling turned on.
'I know so,' replied Lexi, 'Gavin has told me how much he'd like to be with you.'
'He has! Oh! I wish he was here right now.'
Lexi picked up her phone, 'He's downstairs waiting for my call, shall I tell him to come up?'
'Oh, you are naughty,' then after a pause Emma said, 'call him.'
Lexi let Gavin in then sat next to Emma. 'You knew, didn't you?' Emma said to Gavin.
'Knew what?'
'That I wanted you.'
'From the moment I saw you I wanted you but I wasn't sure until just now when Lexi called.'
'Let me prepare her for you,' Lexi purred and kissed Emma on the mouth and  their tongues entwined.  Lexi fondled Emma's more than ample breasts over the thin material of the t-shirt and her nipples rapidly became erect. 'Let's show Gavin your pussy, I'm sure it's lovely, wet and sweet and you want his big, hard cock pumping into it but he'll have to wait until I've eaten it.'
'Oh yes, eat me, lick my clit and put your fingers in me,' Emma moaned as she abandoned any sense of propriety and spread her legs wide and exposed her mature cunt to Gavin's gaze. She raised the t-shirt up to her neck and lifted her legs back and held them there with her hands placed behind her knees. The sight of Emma splayed out on the sofa was deliciously obscene, she was completely and lewdly exposed from her large tits, down past the sensual curve of her hips to her pussy, wet, open and welcoming to her lovely bottom and anus. She felt Lexi's fingers slide inside her followed by her lips on her clit. Gavin stood several feet away, removing his clothes and not taking his eyes off the two mature sluts before him.
When he pulled down his briefs Emma saw he was fully erect, 'Oooh yes,' she moaned as he began to stroke it. She could feel an orgasm building and Lexi sensed it also and worked her fingers and tongue ever more feverishly and when Gavin put one knee on the sofa and moved his cock towards her mouth, she let go. She was at the apogee of her cry when Gavin's big knob hit the roof of her mouth. She screamed and sucked and sucked and screamed as Gavin drove his cock into her throat and Lexi never slackened her work on Emma's pussy and clit. It was the most powerful orgasm she had ever experienced and when Gavin pulled out she gasped and panted, her chest heaving heavily.
Lexi sat next to Emma and began to maul and kiss her still-heaving tits. Gavin got between Lexi's spread thighs and began fucking her while he fingered Emma's hot, wet and gaping pussy. After Lexi had received a healthy dose of stiff dick, Gavin moved to Emma and gave her a good pumping before unleashing a huge ejaculation deep inside her that triggered another orgasm. Lexi then ate Emma's pussy and brought her to her third climax of the evening. Emma sucked Gavin's cum-covered cock and was reminded how much she loved the taste of semen and cunt juice. The evening ended with Emma and Lexi in a sixty-nine while Gavin looked on, enjoying the scene.
When Emma closed her eyes to sleep later that evening she had a contented smile on her face. She realized her abstinence from sex was not good for her, she needed to be fucked regularly and she needed the stimulation of group sex and orgies to achieve the ultimate thrill especially now Jim had gone and she knew how she was going to achieve just that.
On the beach next morning the photographing went very smoothly thanks to Amy and her professional crew although the close proximity of naked bodies on view and brushing past one another in the marquee had Emma aroused and thinking of orgies at Henry's and Abigail's mountain retreat. After lunch one of the hotel pools had been cordoned off for their use. The men modelled tiny speedo-type briefs while the women sashayed about mostly in bikinis.
After dinner Emma and Lexi went for a stroll downtown and had a drink in a quiet bar off the main strip before returning to the hotel. 'What would you like to do?' Lexi asked.
'I'd like Gavin to fuck me again while we're in a sixty-nine.'
'Umm, very naughty! Let's see if he is in the bar. He wasn't, so Lexi called his room and he answered. Emma got her wish and Lexi got another mouthful of cum and pussy juice.
It was the last day and Amy had chosen one model from each of the three groups for a special photo shoot. Gavin was her favorite male model, Chaz, a stunning young raven-haired beauty and Emma. They would travel up to the rocky coast at Tequesta for the final shoot. The client had a special product line of very high-end and provocative designs targeted at well-heeled jet-setters to Brazilian and Caribbean beaches and the French and Italian Riviera's who wanted to make a statement of how beautiful and rich they were by wearing something that covered almost nothing. Gavin would obviously model the men's line while Chaz and Emma the bikinis and string bikinis. Amy explained to Emma that mature women were the biggest purchases of provocative swimwear and Emma had the perfect mature, erotic body on which to display the products. Amy warned Emma she would for all intents and purposes feel naked and hoped she'd be comfortable with that? Emma readily agreed, she wanted to continue to attract Gavin's attention by presenting herself to him in the lewdest way possible.
A minivan and a motorhome had been rented for the hour and a half drive and the motorhome would serve as the change room. In total there would be nine people for the shoot that Amy had planned for around and on the volcanic rocks at Tequesta beach. Only one dresser was going who was familiar with the product line and she would also take care of hair and make-up. Amy had a crew of four who would handle set-up and lighting etc. and Lexi decided to stay an extra night at her own expense and came along to watch and help out wherever needed.
Once Amy had scouted the rocks on the beach she knew how the shoot would unfold. She would photograph the models separately and in various combinations with the emphasis on sex and erotic poses. The dresser had organized the products for each model and when Emma put on her first micro string bikini she had to agree with Amy, she did feel naked. It was little more than three postage stamps held together with fine cord. Wearing it made her horny and that feeling only increased when Amy directed her into provocative poses that Emma thought must border on the pornographic and it excited her.
The numerous rock formations gave Amy ample scope to display the models in the sexiest of poses. Emma saw a crowd of locals and tourists gathering and gawking at her and the other models as they posed and that only served to increase her arousal. She imagined she was performing lewdly for them, exposing herself, playing with herself and pumping a large dildo wildly into her pussy until they rushed over, mauled her tits, ass and horny cunt and fucked her right there on the rocks. Cum splattered over her tits and face, load followed load shot down her throat and deep into her cunt. Emma had never felt sexier as she did now and her future began to coalesce in her mind, she knew what she wanted to do and she knew where she had to go.
Considering the minuteness of the bikinis and the positions she was directed to pose in, Emma wondered how she could not be exposing her pussy, anus and nipples. She heard the camera auto-drive clicking rapidly and Marcie encouraging her with, 'Show me, Emma, show me,' repeatedly. Emma thought Marcie must be recording pornographic images of her most intimate body parts and that turned her on even more. She loved to flaunt her body in front of admiring men, especially when they were naked, erect and masturbating as they ogled her as often happened at Henry and Abigail's sex parties but flaunting for the camera had the same effect erotic effect on her. Later, when she viewed the photos, Amy's skill was evident, she had used angles and light to render the photos very sexual and sensual but not obscene in any way but the experience had been  incredibly erotic for Emma.
After dinner in the hotel Emma was sitting with Lexi on the sofa in Gavin's room. They were fondling each other's pussy and breasts and kissing occasionally as they watched Chaz ride up and down on Gavin's erection. He was sitting on the hard-backed desk chair with his head buried in the young model's firm tits. She moaned softly as he mauled her bottom and pulled her down onto the entire length of his cock. He continued to fuck her for several minutes before lifting her up, 'Let's give someone else a turn, 'C'mon, Lexi, sit on this,' he said, shaking his cock.
She wasted no time and soon her pussy was being treated to Gavin's hard dick. Chaz sat next to Emma and they began to kiss and fondle as they watched Lexi being fucked. Emma turned slightly to Chaz and easily slid three fingers into her young pussy. It was very creamy and had been well-stretched by Gavin's big cock. Her labia were swollen and Emma squeezed along their length before concentrating on her clit and after less than thirty seconds Chaz embraced Emma tightly and cried through an orgasm as Emma returned her fingers to Chaz's cunt and pumped them back and forth vigorously.
Emma took her turn riding Gavin's cock and when she dismounted Chaz was lying on the bed with her legs spread wide, thrusting fingers into her pussy and violently rubbing her clit. Lexi had straddled Chaz's face and was being eaten with enthusiasm. 'Oh, that's nice,' Gavin said when he looked over to the bed then said to Emma, 'eat Chaz and I'll fuck you from behind.' Emma replaced Chaz's fingers with her tongue and felt Gavin enter her pussy. Lexi writhed on Chaz's face and held on to the headboard as she climaxed noisily at the same time Chaz had a second orgasm and squirted over Emma's face. Gavin sped up his thrusts and Emma exploded just seconds before Gavin. When Gavin withdrew, Emma rolled over and Lexi's mouth was quickly onto her pussy licking her cunt juice and cum while Chaz sucked on Gavin's cock which remained hard enough so he could turn Chaz onto all fours and give her a good fucking from behind for several minutes. It was a fitting end to a good shoot and everyone was heading home in the morning on the same plane except Chaz who was going to California for another modeling job.
Lexi managed to get a seat next to Emma on the flight home and a few minutes before they landed, pulled a card from her bag. 'Here, I thought this would save you the trouble of asking Amy.' Emma looked at the plain business card that read:
MARCIE GRAHAM
Adult Photography & Videography
515-276-8801
(By Appointment Only)
Emma glanced at her friend and said, 'How did you know?'
'I saw how turned-on you were modeling those skimpy micro bikinis and how you respond to what Gavin and I do to you, you'll be a natural for porn and you'll love it. I mentioned it to Amy and she gave me the card, she was going to give it to you herself since she thought you were an excellent candidate for adult work.'
'Thanks. I do love showing off my body in lewd and obscene ways, I surprise myself sometimes how horny I get. On the rocks yesterday when Amy was saying, "Show me, Emma, show me," I wanted to plunge my fingers into my pussy and show her.'
'That's a common phrase in the business, Marcie uses it also, it seems to encourage folks like us to put on a better show,' Lexi said with a chuckle.
Lexi and Gavin both lived less than a thirty minute drive from Emma and they continued to visit one another for sex. Despite her eagerness to contact Marcie Graham it was not the first call Emma would make. She rang the familiar number, 'Hello, Abigail, it's Emma.'
'Oh, Emma, it's so nice to hear your voice, it's been too long.'
'Yes, it has been a while. The reason I'm calling is I'd like to reconnect with you and Henry. I've had some experiences lately that have made me realize I miss you and your parties and need that kind of stimulation in my life, just call me a slut for more than one cock at a time. I also have a male and female friend who would like to meet you.'
'I don't see wanting more than one cock at a time to be a problem, my Dear. As to your friends, as Henry always says, the more the merrier. You'll find a few new faces and some old ones. We have a party planned for Saturday the 25th, Henry has some theme in mind, a slut wife night I think, he loves the ladies dressed like sluts, as all men do when it comes right down to it. I can never keep up with his fantasies and imagination but you know how he enjoys seeing all the ladies in garter belts, stockings, heels and miniskirts with a lot of make-up, especially ruby-red lipstick. I have to admit he's a horny old devil but he knows how to host an orgy, love him!'
'Yes, he does Abigail, I'm looking forward to the 25th and thank you, bye for now.' Emma then called Marcie Graham and left a message on the answering machine. Next she called Lexi and Gavin and told them about the orgy. She gazed down at the street a long way below and reflected on the past week. Events had certainly moved rapidly, she had climaxed more in the last seven days since Jim's death and been fucked more than in a long time. She had rekindled her love of sex with another woman, had both a male and female friend that promised regular sex, found she enjoyed displaying her almost naked body again and reconnected with Henry and Abigail. She was pleased with her life and smiled at what had occurred and wondered about the possibilities the future held for modeling and Marcie Graham. She went to her bedroom and removed her jeans and panties. She inserted a DVD in the player and took the thick, heavily-veined realistic, black rubber cock from the drawer and watched Jim being sucked off by the black woman while her husband and three other black men fucked her on the bed. It was a highly satisfying orgasm and after she dressed she picked up her house keys and headed to Sandy's for a well-earned mug of coffee.

Marcie Graham returned Emma's call and they agreed to meet the following week. 'I'll email you a questionnaire, return it and we'll discuss it next week,' Marcie said before she hung up.
Emma arrived at the address Marcie had given her and saw it was an old three-story, brick building that appeared to have once been a factory. She entered into a renovated space and went to the smart lobby desk and was greeted by an attractive young lady dressed casually in a sweatshirt and jeans, 'Hi, my name is Jenny, you must be Emma, we've been expecting you,' she said as they shook hands. 'I'm Marcie's assistant, I do a bit of everything around here. Let me give you the five cent tour. The ground floor is taken over for still photography and broken up into areas of different shapes and sizes. These screens all slide in different directions on an overhead track system so the right backdrop can be created for the look Marcie wants,' Jenny explained as they walked around. Emma noted there were numerous sofas, chairs, beds, a spiral staircase and many other furnishings for the model to be photographed in and on. Jenny went to a chest of drawers and opened the top drawer and Emma saw an array of dildos, vibrators, strap-ons and other sex toys. Other drawers held B&D accessories, condoms, lubricants and assorted sexual paraphernalia. Jenny opened a large sliding door behind which was a large dressing room filled with erotic clothing and costumes, 'We can create almost any scene with our props and clothes,' she said as she led Emma through another door, 'This is where the model gets make-up and wigs as necessary.'
Upstairs was much the same as the ground floor except there was a lot more equipment for video-making. 'There is a staff of eight to handle everything, it takes all for videos but less for stills. They carried on up the flight of stairs to the third floor. 'On this floor we have offices and it's where the editing is done. They approached a wall of glass and Jenny announced, 'And here is Marcie's office.'. Marcie stood, left her desk and shook hands with Emma. She was shorter than Emma had imagined, about 5' 3", with long, red-dyed hair.
They sat and Marcie picked up the questionnaire Emma had completed. 'You will have guessed from this that we are not into anything extreme, just erotic, sexy scenarios, we hope anyway. I did receive a call from Amy and she told me that I would be pleased with you. She said you had a great body and liked to show it off. Are you an exhibitionist?'
Emma thought for a moment then said, 'I never thought about that much but I think I must be. I always enjoyed showing off my body to my husband and other lovers before, during and after sex and have lately discovered I get very aroused when modelling provocative and revealing clothing and bikinis.'
'Good, we are into women who are proud of their bodies and don't mind displaying it erotically. More women are looking at adult material these days so we attempt to cater to them in addition to men. We realize that men are pigs and basically want to see tits, asses and pussies, they fantasize that women, especially their wives, are insatiable, nymphomaniac sluts who can't get enough cock and we do present that fantasy in our photos and videos but we also try to portray women as a beautiful, sentient beings, soft, warm and feminine as well as sensual, sexy and horny. I think we'll like working together. You ticked the boxes on the questionnaire regarding group sex, girl-on-girl and interracial, have you had experience with any of those?'
'Yes, my husband and I were swingers for several years and attended orgies where I had sex with other women and men of different races.'
'Good! We do all that. Our B&D is playful and we do it in a sensual and erotic way, you may find yourself cast as a dominatrix or a submissive so I'm sure your theatrical experience will be useful. The hottest area of porn at the moment is mature women. The horny housewife enjoying cock, especially a white housewife enjoying black cock or a mature woman being satisfied by a younger man are very popular. Jenny is my indispensable right arm and the creative brains for what we do here. She creates the storyline and the look of the shoot whether it be still or video. She does that through the backdrops, outfits and make-up to create the fantasy. All our models are health screened, we have condoms available but we'd rather not use them.'
'I don't like condoms either. Here's my bill of good health, had it done last week,' Emma said and handed the paper to Marcie.
'Great, just the matter of fees for service then.' Once that was dealt with Marcie asked, 'Since you're here, would you like to do a short photo shoot?'
'Sure, I'd love to,' Emma responded.
Marcie picked up her cell and called Jenny.' Emma's agreed to do a photo shoot now, could you get her ready, please? I'll leave the theme up to you.'
Jenny and Emma went down to the make-up area, 'You don't need much make-up, you have good skin,' Jenny said as she used a tiny amount of mascara and a refresh of lipstick. 'We are not having you looking like a slut today, I have something else in mind. That's all you need, let's go downstairs to the wardrobe department. Emma stripped naked and Jenny selected a tiny pair of white, lacy panties, thigh-high, black stockings, a white shelf bra, a calf-length, flared summer dress in bright yellow that was covered with flowers and a matching, wide-brimmed hat and high heels. Once dressed, Jenny took an all-around look and declared it was perfect then led Emma into the studio and slid various panels here and there, moved plants and lights and finally a bench. It was a summer park scene and Emma fitted into it perfectly.
Jenny left for a minute and came back holding a handbag, 'Here, this will complete your outfit, look inside,' she said and handed Emma the bag. Emma opened the bag and saw a realistic-looking, heavily-veined, thick rubber cock much like the one she used most at home. 'Marcie might want you to use this,' Jenny said, smiling and raising her eyebrows.
Marcie arrived with two cameras slung around her neck and when she saw Emma she said, 'Great job, Jenny, this should be an erotic shoot.'

'I wanted to portray Emma as a mature woman in the park on a summer day, all innocent and Bambiesque until she opens her handbag and retrieves a big rubber cock for her pussy and shows herself to be a horny slut. I think men will get off on the contrast,' Jenny explained.
'I can work with that, let's get started.' Marcie began with Emma standing by the bench in various poses then sitting on it in quite demure poses. Gradually, on Marcie's instructions, she showed her naked thighs above the tops of her nylons. She lifted her dress and exposed the white panties and rubbed her fingers over her pussy. Next she knelt on the bench and Marcie photographed her behind. 'Show me, Emma, show me. It was the phrase Amy had used when displaying herself in micro bikinis and it turned her again. 'Pull your panties down, show me, Emma, show me. That's good, very sexy, now spread your cheeks nice and wide, men are all pigs and they'll want to see your anus and your cunny. Good girl, very horny, now spread your pussy, show those horny men how wet you are. Imagine they are leering at you, stroking their huge erections and wanting to stuff them inside you, show me, Emma, show me!'
Emma was very aroused listening to Marcie's words and she knew her pussy was wet and her labia were beginning to swell. She opened her pussy lips as wide as she could and the camera drive whirred as Marcie moved about from a distance then came in close. 'Stick some fingers in there, show me, Emma, show me!' Marcie commanded as she climbed a small step ladder and photographed Emma's bottom and cunt from above. Sitting on the bench now, Emma retrieved the dildo from the bag and licked and sucked it. With her dress raised high and legs spread wide, her white panties dangled from her right ankle. She rubbed the big dildo over her pussy lips and clit before pushing it deep into her vagina. The thick, rubber phallus stretched her pussy and the heavy veining increased the stimulation. Emma was fully aroused and fucked herself wildly until she had a strong orgasm. When her orgasm subsided Marcie said she wanted just a couple more shots before wrapping up and that it had been a very horny session. 'I'm looking forward to filming you with some of our men and women, if you climax like that you'll be a sensation and I have absolutely no doubt it was genuine.'
'I get so horny when I'm showing off my body in lewd and naughty ways, I just can't help myself.'
'That's a great asset in this business. Now, to finish, I want you to lie facedown  lengthwise on the back of the bench so your pussy lips are spread apart by the top rail.' Emma carefully positioned herself with one heel on the floor and the other on the bench seat and Marcie took a few pictures then went behind Emma. 'Spread your ass cheeks for me, c'mon girl, show me, Emma, show me!' With both hands Emma spread as much as she could, 'Oh yes, the boys will be masturbating looking at these for sure, horny boys of all ages, looking at your ass and pussy and wanking until they splash their seed all over the magazine pages. 'Now, stick the dildo in as far as you can and leave it in there.'
As Emma picked up the rubber dick Marcie was struck by her view through the eyepiece. The bench rail with Emma's spread pussy resting on it reminded her of a straight road heading into a mountain tunnel. The view immediately gave her an idea for a future magazine piece. One photo each of about a dozen women in the same position as Emma entitled "Roads to Paradise." They didn't need to be on a bench but anything straight that their pussy could rest on and give a similar visual effect. It would look best if the pussy was gaping open so a good dose of dildo would be necessary first and afterwards there was always photoshop.
Emma worked the dildo deep into her vagina as Marcie recorded every fraction of an inch as it went in. There was only an inch of the ten-inch rubber cock protruding from Emma's wet box. 'Spread your cheeks again, Emma, this will be a perfect end sequence to the magazine photos. Emma, I've got plans for you and we are going to have fun together,' Marcie predicted with a big smile.
By the time Emma was back into her own clothes Marcie had downloaded the photos and she joined Jenny and Marcie to view them on the big screen TV. 'They are really hot!' Marcie commented and Jenny agreed. As Emma left the building she was flushed with excitement and couldn't believe how Marcie's photos had captured just how erotic and horny she felt when exposing herself obscenely.
Henry sent an email to all guests with details regarding the orgy. He suggested that men wear erotic and revealing underwear and for the ladies, a garter belt, stockings, heels and open-crotch panties and he included photos. The barn had his and her change rooms with lockers where guests donned the appropriate attire before entering the large playroom.
On the 25th, Emma drove Lexi and Gavin to the orgy at Henry and Abigail's mountain retreat. There were several cars already parked but still lots of room.
'Wow, nice place!' Gavin enthused and he whistled through his teeth.

'It's been in Abigail's family for generations, you'd have to have really deep pockets to buy this place today,' Emma responded.
After changing they made their way into the playroom. People were scattered about in small groups chatting and laughing and Emma recognized two or three but they had their backs to her and didn't see her. She counted a total of 26 people in the room, 8 women and 18 men. Not ideal, Henry had always maintained the ratio should be 3 males to 1 female for an orgy. 'Men shoot their wad and for all intents and purposes are a spent force. Women, on the other hand, can climax and keep going, all night some of them, so to completely sexually satisfy a woman it requires three men,' he said.
Abigail noticed Emma and alerted Henry. They both hurried over and hugged Emma, 'So glad to see you again,' they said, almost in unison. Although they were well into their sixties their healthy diet and exercise showed. Abigail still had a fine figure with large, full breasts whose nipples were already fully erect and a beautiful ass. Emma saw she still sported neatly-trimmed pubic hair that sat above her clit in the design of a letter "A" and large labia that she had enjoyed tonguing many times. Henry was also well-toned and his tiny thong couldn't hide his sizable cock that was stiffening rapidly as he stared at Emma and Lexi.
'This must be Lexi,' Abigail said and gave her a hug then turned her attention to Gavin, looked him in the eye and said, 'And you must be Gavin, Emma has told me a lot about you.' Her gaze moved down to his bulging crotch, 'I can see what she told me was correct,' she laughed, took hold of his arm and said, 'Come with me, young man, I have plans for you,' and she led him away.
Henry had been ogling Emma and Lexi with a silly grin on his face the whole time and his big cock was now fully erect and sticking out the side of his thong. 'Glad to see us?' Emma laughed, looking at it.
Henry gazed at his large erection and laughed, 'I've been thinking about it in your lovely, sweet pussy ever since I knew I'd be seeing you again and you certainly haven't let me down, so to speak, you are as sexy as ever. You don't know how much I've missed you,' then he looked at Lexi, 'and your friend is delightful. I'm going to enjoy both of you right now.' He put his arms around their waists and Emma wrapped a hand around his erection and gave it a few jerks.
'You still have that special touch, my Dear, now let's go and get you two lovely ladies fucked.'
'You always were a charmer, you're a dirty old man, Henry and that's what I love about you. I've told Lexi all about you and she can't wait for you to ravage her,' Emma said.
'Oh, Emma!' Lexi cried.
He took them across the room to a large sofa and the ladies sat down. His cock and balls were shaved and despite his years he had the hard-on of a 20 year old. It was thick, uncut and about 8" long, it was hard as steel, pulsed rhythmically every few seconds and pre-cum oozed from the tip. His ball sack was large and hung loose. Emma fondled his nuts and Lexi took hold of his cock and began a gentle stroking. After running her fingers over the entire length of the shaft Lexi pulled the foreskin back all the way and his knob was so full of blood it looked ready to burst. Emma looked at Lexi and they both grinned then, in unison, leaned forward and tongued either side of the stiff dick. They shared sucking his cock, licking the head and tonguing the piss hole. Henry's erection throbbed and the familiar taste of pre-cum filled both ladies' mouths. Emma caressed his balls and took each one in turn into her mouth and sucked gently on them while Lexi sucked his knob and masturbated him.
Henry pushed the ladies back into the sofa and knelt as they spread their legs wide for him. He ate one pussy and fingered the other then changed back and forth until he deemed them ready to be fucked. He fondled their tits and asses then stood and stroked his cock which to Emma appeared bigger and harder than ever. The room was filled with a sexual cacophony so familiar to Emma and she heard the familiar sounds of Abigail. She turned to see her kneeling on a large armchair. Gavin was pumping piston-like into her from behind and the old gal was loving every second. She moaned, screamed, whimpered and cried out, "Give it to me, yes, yes, oh yes, fuck me, oh yes fuck me!' Just before she climaxed, her pleadings became quite frantic then she exploded with high-pitched moans and sobs but Gavin kept going and built her up to a second orgasm. Her old cunt may have been well-used by a lot of cocks over the years but none had aroused more than Gavin's. They seemed to have set one another afire like Emma had never seen.
Emma sighed as Henry's cock entered her and began a firm and deep thrusting. He fingered Lexi then she enjoyed his cock and Emma his fingers. Henry considered himself to be a connoisseur of the female form and there was no more beautiful part than their posterior. He urged the two aroused women to turn onto their knees and bury their heads in the sofa. He gazed at the rumps before him, stroking his huge erection. The soft skin, so sensual to caress, squeeze and spank. He eyed the cleft between the cheeks of Emma first, down over her anus to her pussy, spread, wet and welcoming. He turned his gaze to Lexi and followed the same path. Their bottoms were so similar yet so different, he especially liked to compare their pussies, he had never seen two that were the same and he had seen plenty and had loved fucking them all. He held his throbbing cock and placed it on the top of Emma's butt crack. He moved it down and lingered on her anus before rubbing it over her labia and clit then eased inside her.

'Oh Henry, your cock always feels so good, fuck me deep the way you know I like best,' Emma moaned, 'it's good to feel you inside me again.' Henry granted her request and pumped Emma's hard as he finger-fucked Lexi. After some time Emma murmured, 'Give Lexi some, Henry, fuck her now.'
'It will be my distinct pleasure, my Dear,' he said and withdrew from Emma's pussy and moved to Lexi. He followed the same routine as he did with Emma then slapped his erection against Lexi's pussy lips and clit then pushed into her. 'Ooh, that's so sweet!' he sighed and Lexi moaned as he began to thrust, she was tight but Henry felt her vagina adjust to his girth until he was in all the way to his balls that were large and loose and slapped against her clit and pubic mound. His right hand fondled and spanked Lexi's ass and his left worked on Emma's clit and pussy.
Deepak, an east Indian who Emma had been with several times at the orgies, came and stood next to Henry. His fully-erect dick glistened with pussy juice and looked like a log of wet milk chocolate and twitched regularly. It wasn't as thick as Henry's cock but it was longer at almost eleven inches and Emma did love being fucked by him and his wife ate pussy like no one else Emma knew. 'Be my guest,' Henry offered and removed his fingers from Emma's pussy.
He fondled Emma's bottom as his long cock bobbed on her clit and labia before he steered it into her. She turned, smiled at him and whimpered, 'Oh yes, fuck me, Deepak, fuck me, it's been too long!'
Lexi howled as Henry grasped her butt cheeks and slammed into her then pulled out and sent hot streams of semen spurting over her labia, clit, anus and back and rubbed his cock through it all  Finally, when he became flaccid, he complimented Lexi on being a wonderful piece of ass and moved away. Deepak immediately moved to Lexi and began fucking her and Emma's pussy was soon filled with another cock by a man she had never meet and it felt so exciting.
And so it went for several hours. The conversation on the drive home was animated and full of excitement. Gavin commented that he was completely satisfied and spent, Lexi said she had taken more cocks than in her gangbang videos and Emma fully realized how much she missed an orgy. All had been invited back for the next one in six weeks and Gavin was meeting up with Abigail in a city hotel the following weekend while she was attending a conference, Henry was aware and told him to enjoy his wife as much as he wanted. Emma and Lexi were spending the weekend with Henry who promised some interesting guests would be joining them.
There was a steady stream of modeling jobs for Emily and she had done a few adult videos. Two had been by herself, two with another woman and four with multiple women. She enjoyed all the caressing, fondling, fingering, licking, eating, dildo, vibrators, strap-ons and occasional spanking. She had also done two movies with men, the first with a young man and the second with five guys. They fucked her for almost three hours and Marcie said she could likely edit the footage into three separate movies.
Although Marcie was a genius with cameras, Jenny was the creative mind that gave the photographs and videos that extra zing that attracted both male and female fans. Emma had become very popular in a short space of time and Jenny thought her popularity could be exploited even more and met with Marcie and Emma to discuss her ideas.
'I propose we create a porn persona for Emma's videos and I have a suggestion,' Jenny opened. Marcie and Emma listened intently as Jenny continued, 'Emma is popular because she is a sexy, mature woman who enjoys lots of cock and pussy and her genuine love of sex is easy to see for all who watch her videos. The first dozen videos will set the persona of "Mrs. Jones" the ultimate, mature slut wife! A slut for sure but a classy slut with an insatiable appetite for sex with men and women from 18 to 80. Her revealing clothes will be expensive but slutty and she will wear garter belts, stockings, heels, very short skirts and split-crotch panties, when she wears panties at all. She'll also wear a variety of erotic lingerie and costumes from schoolgirl to dominatrix depending on the scenario and in all the videos she will flaunt her body in graphically obscene ways for her sex partners and viewers.  I want to use different and unusual locations both indoors and outdoors, some we can do from the studio but I have offsite locations lined up, the possibilities are endless.' Jenny paused and looked at Marcie and Emma.
'What do you think, Emma?' Marcie asked.
'Just call me Mrs. Jones,' Emma responded with a grin.
Jenny continued, 'Good. When the porn persona of Mrs. Jones is established I want to add Mr. Jones as her cuckold husband but with a twist. I want him to be black, very well hung and in the same age range as Emma, five years older would be perfect. I was thinking Tyler Grange would be perfect, if he'll sign on, I think he's 53 and I know his cock is close to a foot long.'
'Being black, is that the twist?' queried Marcie.
'You have to admit that being black and well hung is a twist for a cuckold in the porn world and he must comply with any command from Mrs. Jones and her partners. He may be ordered to wear lingerie or suck cocks but the one thing he'll not do is enter Mrs. Jones' pussy. When she is finished with her partners she will decide when and where he masturbates and cums. It may be on her pussy, ass, tits, nylons or anyplace on her body, an inanimate object such as a photograph or on himself. She will always tell him that maybe next time she will allow his cock into her pussy. I think the fans will like the anticipation of waiting to see when and if Mr. Jones' big cock will finally pound into Mrs. Jones.'
Jenny was correct, Mrs. Jones became a huge porn series that lasted seven years. Emma was a celebrity guest as Mrs. Jones at  Adult Expos at home and abroad. She was now retired and very wealthy and without the wig, make-up and erotic clothing she was never recognized and spent the winter at her beach villa on St. Kitts.
Lexi and Gavin continue to visit and they still attend orgies at Henry and Abigail's. When she's not in St. Kitts Emma can still be found in Sandy's Coffee Shop most mornings enjoying her java and watching the morning rush on the street but she never picks up any discarded newspapers from seats.
The summer rain streamed down the windows of Sandy's Coffee Shop and Emma had already decided to take the long way home. She loved to walk in the rain and it was very warm so the walk would be ideal. The long way went through a park with lots of mature trees and would be more sheltered than the street. The threat of rain had caused Emma to bring an umbrella but she was wearing jeans and a t-shirt. She smiled briefly at the young black man seated near the door as she left. He was smartly dressed and groomed and she thought he must be a lawyer or in the financial sector.
A little way into the park Emma heard, 'Mrs. Jones.' She ignored it and walked on. 'Mrs. Jones,' rang out again and reluctantly, she stopped and turned.
It was the young man from Sandy's, he was wearing a raincoat and as Fate would have it, was holding a newspaper over his head. 'Are you talking to me, Sir?' Emma said.
'You are Mrs. Jones, aren't you? I recognized your face in the coffee shop, that little thing you do with your bottom lip, I'd know it anywhere. I've watched all of your movies over and over and when I followed you into the park, your fantastic bottom was unmistakable.'
'Let's go over here,' Emma suggested and they moved off the path and under a large tree. 'You have a slight accent, where were you born, the UK?'
'Kenya. My folks and I came here when I was eight.'
'Ah, Kenya, that accounts for the slight British accent I hear.'
'I guess so, my name is Kyle, very pleased to meet you, Mrs. Jones.'
'It's Emma actually, Mrs. Jones is no more but thank you for the compliments!'
Hello, Emma, it's very exciting to meet you.'
Kyle was certainly a handsome specimen and Emma's thoughts were racing. Abigail's tally of different cock nationalities was at 29 while Emma's was at 25 thanks to a plethora of stiff dicks from all over during the Mrs. Jones years and a Kenyan would make it 26, within striking distance of Abigail during the winter on St. Kitts.
The intensity of the rain increased and Kyle was invited under the umbrella. 'This is so great,' he raved, 'meeting you has made my day... no, my year!'
'Thank you, that is very nice. You're soaked, I live just around the corner, come and dry off, I'm sure the rain will ease eventually,' Emma offered and when they looked into one another's eyes it was clear what the offer was.
They spent the rest of the morning and all afternoon naked. Kyle was so excited he could hold back for more than a minute after his big black cock entered Emma's pussy and he flooded her with a massive ejaculation. He soon regained another erection and they fucked for hours in the bedroom, show, kitchen, living room and on the floor. It was just after 5:00PM and Kyle had cum for the third time twenty minutes ago. They had laid together for a while then he said he should go. He was standing by the fireplace and noticed a small frame containing a newspaper ad for models on the mantle. He picked it up and asked, 'What's this?'
Emma was sitting on the sofa and like Kyle, she was also naked. 'That is what led to Mrs. Jones, she said and spread her legs in a lewd display. Kyle leered at her and she saw his cock begin to stiffen. 'You want me again don't you? You naughty boy, can you stay the night?'
Kyle walked to her and when he reached her his cock was fully erect and he slid into her quickly and fully. There was little rest and no sleep that night and after coffee in Sandy's they parted company with the promise to meet that night.