A new story about a hot young couple who decide to spice things up whilst bored in lockdown. All feedback and comments are appreciated, hope you enjoy!
*****
Charlie sat at her makeshift desk in her little home office, absentmindedly browsing twitter on her phone as she pretended to pay attention to the video call that she was reluctantly attending. She sighed with boredom as Joseph from human resources continued going through his bullet points, and she glanced up at her laptop screen to see who else was on the verge of falling asleep. Her eyes settled on one guy from accounts who was quite cute, he too was sitting slumped in his chair with a glazed over look. Charlie was about to go back to her scrolling when her eyes widened with surprise, and her mouth opened in shock.
'What the...'
She could swear she'd just seen a woman walk behind the cute guy, but she'd crossed across the monitor in a flash, too quickly for Charlie to take in too many details. The one thing she thought she had noticed, even though now she worried that she might be hallucinating, was that whoever this chick was, she'd been completely naked. No one else in the meeting showed any sign that they'd just seen anything out of the ordinary, but the cute had guy turned to his side and grinned at someone off screen, making Charlie wonder if she really was going mad or if she'd just seen something that she wasn't supposed to.
*****
Hayden and Maria met a couple of years ago via a mutual friend who introduced them to each other at a bar, and after hooking up that very night they had quickly made things official and never looked back. Both were young, attractive, intelligent socialites and they'd quickly proved to be a perfect match, swiftly falling very much in love. They originally lived on opposite sides of the city which was a real pain so after fourteen months of dating Hayden moved into Maria's house share. Soon they outgrew that room and they decided to upgrade, so after a few months of searching they finally found a modestly sized apartment they liked the look of in a newbuild in East London. It was four stories up in a block of flats that overlooked the Thames, and they'd just finished moving their stuff across to the new place when the pandemic hit.
In truth they weren't too badly affected. Hayden worked in finance as an accountant so he could still do everything he needed to from his laptop, as could Maria. She was a head-hunter for a recruitment company and they both knew they were fortunate not to have to worry about being made redundant, even if their new working environments weren't ideal. Normally they'd both station themselves in the joint kitchen-living room area, Maria typically taking the sofa while Hayden would sit at a small desk that he'd set up against the opposite wall. Both of them had to waste hours of their lives a week in interminable video conferences and if their meetings ever overlapped then one of them would go and take their call sitting on the bed.
Life quickly settled into a very dull routine. They were only allowed out once a day each and so they tried to make the most of it by making flasks of coffee and going for morning walks before they checked in online for work. Soon they'd explored all of the new area that they could and the cold rainy weather meant finding the motivation to get dressed and go outside each day was getting tougher. All too frequently they'd find themselves rolling out of bed and heading straight to their computers, taking a break for lunch were they'd cook together, then finishing up for the afternoon about five. In the evenings they'd drink wine and watch tv, before retiring early for the only bit of lockdown they really enjoyed, having a lot more time to experiment in the bedroom.
Their sex life definitely helped keep their spirits high but the truth was being locked up together for twenty four hours a day was not easy. Luckily they rarely ever fought and were both relatively easy going people, but they were definitely beginning to feel the strain of weeks without seeing any of their friends or family. They made sure to keep in touch with everyone with messages and videocalls but it wasn't quite the same. It would have been nice if their work provided some sort of distraction but in reality they were both incredibly bored by their jobs, without the normal buzz and banter that came with being in the office it was very tiring staring at their screens all day, and the only time they got to see their colleagues was during the worst part of all, the mindless meetings. Both of them slogged their way through them, their microphones almost always muted, as they daydreamed and ignored their managers droning along in the background.
Things began to change for them one Saturday morning. The previous night they'd had their first significant lockdown argument which had ended with Hayden sleeping on the sofa. It hadn't been about anything serious, it was more just a result of weeks of building frustration and probably made worse by slightly too much wine with dinner. It ended with a screaming match and both of them refusing to apologise, and they went off to bed angry with each other. Hayden's mood wasn't improved in the morning as he had to wake up early despite the fact that it was the weekend. Irritatingly his firm had decided the pandemic was an opportunity to take on more clients and the overtime pay was too good for him to resist, so often he ended up only taking one day off a week. It wasn't ideal but it's not like there was anything to do on their days off anyway. As his phone's alarm beeped at him he groggily rolled over and sat up, blearily rubbing his eyes and regretting those extra few glasses of merlot. He put on the kettle and went to stand on their little balcony for a minute, letting the harsh morning sunlight and the chill of the breeze wake him up a bit. With one coffee immediately downed and another by his side he settled himself down at his desk and mentally prepared himself for the nine o'clock video conference. He realised with a start that he still needed to get dressed but then looked down and realised that he'd fallen asleep still in his shirt from yesterday. He smoothed it out a bit and found the tie stuffed under one of the sofa's cushions, then as he finished tying and straightening the knot the meeting began. He waved hello to everyone and forced a fake smile, then slumped down in his chair as he waited for it to be over.
An hour later and the damn thing was still going on, and to add insult to injury Hayden was actually having to contribute. Down the corridor Maria's headache had forced her awake too, and she briefly wondered where her boyfriend was before remembering what had happened. She'd slept well despite everything, sprawled out in their double bed, and after finishing her bottle of water on the stand she decided to go for a shower to perk herself up. She slept nude ninety percent of the time so she wrapped herself in a kimono and headed to the bathroom. Back in the house share she'd often walk around in the buff when it was just her and Hayden at home, but this flat was full of floor to ceiling windows which looked straight out onto the apartments opposite them, so unfortunately she had to be more careful. After a luxuriously long shower she felt energised and was about to go and get changed into her comfy pyjamas for the day when she decided she couldn't be bothered. She didn't feel guilty about last night's argument but she also didn't hold any resentment towards Hayden, she knew they were just a bit bored and stressed and things had finally bubbled over. She put her robe back on and headed straight to the kitchen to go and patch things up with him.
As she entered the room she looked with amusement at her dishevelled boyfriend, from the waist up he looked vaguely put together but his boxers and furry slippers, hidden from the camera's sight underneath the desk, told a different tale. They'd both made a point of trying to keep to a routine whilst trapped inside to try and emulate their old lives, and that included dressing smartly each day as they worked, but today that had clearly gone out the window for Hayden. He sat with his back to the wall so he could use it as a neutral background and he raised his eyes to nod a silent greeting to Maria as she walked through the door.
'I think that's a good point Robert,' he continued to talk as she smiled good morning and went to the sink. 'And I suppose from my end it's just how much we want to commit to that project, or really prioritise the new accounts.' Maria shook her head as he continued to drone his corporate spiel, they both knew he was making all of this up on the spot but that was the level of professionalism they'd had to resort to these days. She was just as guilty in her meetings of putting in a half arsed effort and she felt sorry for Hayden who looked ready to go back to sleep.
'I mean check in with the guys from Germany, see if they've got any preferences.'
She finished fixing herself a cup of tea and some breakfast and wondered if she should wait for him to finish up his call so they could chat about last tonight. He didn't seem to be slowing down though as he continued to answer the questions that were being thrown his way, so she balanced her plate of eggs on toast on top of her mug and walked to the doorway. When she got there she had a fun idea and decided to brighten up Hayden's morning a bit, so she spun round to face him and with her free hand she loosened the lapel of her robe and pulled it open, letting her impressive breasts fall free.
'The only reservation I would have about that is, uhh...' Hayden had averted his eyes from his screen to watch his girlfriend leave and he was greeted with the unexpected but very welcome sight of her shaking her chest flirtatiously at him, a coy smile on her lips. 'Uhh, to make sure that...' He shook his head at her with a rueful smile and forced his eyes back to the webcam. 'To make sure that we don't leave ourselves spread too thin.'
Happy that her work was done Maria tucked herself back in and sauntered back to the bedroom, adding a sexy sway to her hips as she knew Hayden wouldn't be able to resist one last furtive glance. She ate her food in bed watching netflix on her laptop, simultaneously scrolling through her phone distractedly. She had begun to doze off again when finally the door burst open and Hayden came in, unbuttoning his shirt as he jumped straight onto the bed.
'God your poor thing, that took ages!'
'Honestly it was ok until you showed up, then all I could think about was getting off.' He crawled on all fours over to her and straddled her waist, making her laugh.
'Getting off, seriously?'
'Leaving the call you idiot.' He playfully reached down and grabbed her boobs through her kimono, squeezing them together. 'But since you mentioned it...' He pulled open the robe, peeling away the patterned silk to reveal her nipples once more, then leant down to take each one into his mouth, sucking them and teasing them with his tongue.
'Wait wait wait.' Maria threw her head back giggling, but then grabbed his cheeks and looked deep into his sparkling eyes. 'We need to talk about yesterday.'
Hayden rolled his eyes and raised his eyebrows. 'I agree. How about after though?'
Maria pretended to think for a moment, then grinned. 'Ok sure.' Hayden hummed with satisfaction and then resumed his work, as Maria closed her eyes and gasped as his mouth began to move down her writhing body.
*****
Afterwards they lay in each arms and both apologised for their harsh words they'd used during the argument, and agreed to try and talk things out better in the future before things reached that point. Hayden was technically still meant to be working so he headed back to the kitchen after getting dressed in some comfier shorts and a hoodie, and Maria soon joined him to lounge on the sofa reading a book. That morning turned out to mark a change in the nature of their relationship and how they would try and stay sane during the boredom and uncertainty of the pandemic, because as Hayden had acknowledged in the aftermath of their make up sex, "no one could stay angry when their face is buried in your boobs". A good pair of tits really can have an incredible effect on men, mused Maria, watching her boyfriend singing to himself as he vibed to music whilst sorting out his spreadsheets. They really could solve anything.
As mentioned earlier Maria definitely wasn't shy about her body, she knew she had aa amazing figure and she was very confident within it. At the same time she wouldn't really categorise herself as any sort of exhibitionist or show off. She didn't dress overly conservatively but equally didn't flaunt her curves as much as she perhaps could do, and while she was more than happy to go around in her birthday suit that was more due to the comfort than any kind of attention seeking thrill. The most daring she'd ever been had been a streak in her university halls as a dare, and maybe one trip to a clothing optional beach where she'd gone topless to please an ex. Other than that she kept her naughtiness limited to the bedroom, with maybe a cheeky nude sent to Hayden every now and then.
She'd enjoyed that morning's cheeky flash though and rather than get into lounge wear like normal she decided to stay in her robe for the rest of the day, turning up the flat's heating slightly to keep her warm. Once Hayden's work was finished they had a lazy evening in watching a film and ordering in food, then on Sunday they forced themselves to brave the cold and go for a long walk along the river. All too soon it was Monday again and the pair rolled out of bed once again, making their short commute to the kitchen via the bathroom. Hayden was already sat in his chair with his eyes glazed over as he sipped his coffee, and as Maria carried her drink and laptop over to the sofa she decided to emulate his outfit from the other day. She was still respecting her office's dress code by wearing a shirt with a blazer over the top and smart trousers, then slightly less smart woolly socks. After setting her stuff down to the side she unbuttoned herself and slid off the trousers, kicking them off and chucking them in Hayden's direction. He flinched as they hit the wall next to him, then checked he was muted before raising a quizzical eyebrow.
'Can I help you?'
'Just getting comfortable.' Maria smiled innocently as she settled herself down, wiggling her panty clad butt as she turned on her computer and checked her appearance in the webcam viewfinder. Hayden just chuckled to himself and went back to his meeting and for the rest of the day Maria enjoyed the small tingling excitement of chatting to her work colleagues knowing that they'd be shocked by the amount of skin she was showing. She didn't bother putting on anything more as they made sandwiches and ate them at the kitchen island, gazing out onto the cloudy city, and from that day on there was an unspoken rule that the dress code for the flat was smart casual, quite literally differentiating top from bottom. Normally this meant pyjama bottoms or shorts for both of them but if they were being extra lazy it would be just underwear, and if Maria was feeling extra spicey then she'd pull out a skimpy lace thong to really distract Hayden.
On Thursday afternoon Hayden was delighted to find out that his company had suffered a sudden server issue, and all the relevant files he needed to keep working were suddenly offline. He was allowed to clock off for the day and seeing as Maria was still busy he decided to go for a run around the canals, leaving her alone for an hour or so. She looked out of the window with amusement as ten minutes before he was due home it started to chuck it down, and sure enough when he returned he was completely soaked. Maria was halfway through discussing some budget cuts with her supervisor when he came in and she grinned when she saw just how wet he was. Five minutes later he had showered and wrapped a towel around his waist, then he walked in and gestured to Maria to ask if she wanted a drink. Her thoughts wandered slightly as she looked across at his toned torso and tousled hair, but she didn't miss a beat as she glanced up, nodded, and continued to talk into the microphone.
As Hayden put the milk back in the fridge he peered over to the apartment across from theirs. They didn't know the man that lived there, but they'd seen him countless times through the glass, it was impossible not to as their living rooms and kitchens looked straight into each other. He was older than Hayden and Maria who didn't know what he did for a living, but they assumed it must be important as he was out most of the day, as opposed to mist people who were stuck at home. He nowhere to be seen today too, and so Hayden smirked to himself and then turned to walk back over to his girlfriend, ready to get her back from the time she distracted him. Maria was still talking but paused briefly to take the mug that was offered to her and whisper her gratitude.
'Thanks hun. So sorry Grace yes, I think we really should have a look at - at umm...' This time it was her turn to trail off as Hayden casually undid his towel and nonchalantly tossed it over his shoulder, taking a sip of his tea as he looked down calmly at Maria. 'At those... numbers.' Maria felt her cheeks blushing as her eyes widened with shock, suddenly faced with her completely naked boyfriend. She was also beginning to smile despite her best efforts as her eyes kept flicking between the laptop and Hayden's manhood, dangling there in her peripheral vision.
'The temp numbers Maria?'
'Yes...' Maria forced herself to fix her gaze to the screen and Hayden, satisfied with his work, walked off to the bedroom to get dressed. As he pulled on some clothes his phone buzzed with a message from Maria.
*you're so bad xxx*
He laughed quietly to himself.
*get back to work*
*****
Now that Hayden was also onboard with their boredom killing shenanigans, life in the flat started to become more interesting. On Friday Maria had her daily meeting cancelled so she was free to dress as she pleased, and decided on one of Hayden's university hoodies and a pair of white knee socks. Nothing else. Once again the heating had to be cranked up to keep her warm but until that kicked in her chilly nipples were clearly visible, poking through the fabric. As she caught up on emails she lounged back on the sofa, occasionally pulling up the hem of the jumper higher and higher, teasing Hayden with an ever increasing amount of bare thigh, until it was up over her hip. Only the pillow that her laptop was perched on was protecting her modesty, and she could see him glance over every few minutes, hoping to snatch a peak. She waited until he was on an important call with the German office before getting up and yawning theatrically, stretching her arms up over her head so once more the oversized top almost rode up too high. She padded over to his desk and picked up a pen, twirling it between her fingers as he did his best to ignore her. Maria then tossed the pen up over her shoulder and gasped in feigned surprise.
'Sorry babe, I'll get that for you.' After leaning forward to playfully whisper to him she swivelled round and stepped forwards, then bent down to pick up the pen, making sure not to bend her knees. Once again Hayden stuttered and garbled his words as his hoodie pulled back to reveal her naked butt, then as Maria kept bending down to touch her toes everything was put on display for him to gawk at. Hayden was flustered but still composed enough to coolly feel around to his side for a rubber band and quickly fire it at Maria's behind, all whilst maintaining eye contact with his colleagues on the screen. Maria yelped as it stung her and sarcastically gave him the finger, before going back to the sofa to resume her invoicing. Later on when she was bored she ditched the socks by slowly pulling each one off with her legs at a ninety degree angle, pointing up at the ceiling, and giving Hayden another uninterrupted view in between her legs.
Saturday was another turning point for Maria. She'd enjoyed a long lie in with Hayden, followed by some sleepy morning sex which definitely got him off but just left her feeling even hornier than before. As he went off to freshen up Maria clasped the duvet to her chest and went over to open the bedroom blinds. As she pulled them up she was greeted not with their normal impressive view of the city but instead by nothing but thick mist. Being as high up as they were occasionally on very grey days the upper floors of their building would become lost in the clouds, leaving the outer world completely obscured. Maria loved this weather, there was something simultaneously spooky and comforting about being hidden in the sky and not being able to see anything other than the faint glimmer of light from the apartment across from them. With no one to see her she immediately dropped the sheets to the floor and went to the kitchen to start cooking. She put on the radio and was bopping along to the rhythm as she stirred a pot of porridge when she heard Hayden walk into the room.
'Well hello there.'
'Hey you.' She smiled as she felt his hands close around her butt, giving her a squeeze as he nuzzled the side of her neck from behind, pecking her with kisses.
'I love what you're wearing.'
'I can tell.' She could feel his bulge growing through his boxers as he leant into her, his arms now wrapped around her midriff, pulling her pelvis back into him. 'Is he ready for round two yet?'
Hayden sniggered. 'Maybe after some food, you've got to give him a chance to recharge.' They finished preparing breakfast then sat with their feet up on the sofa, watching the news as they ate. Maria felt both completely comfortable in her state of undress but at the same time so ridiculously turned on, the feeling of the cushions against her bare legs and back a constant reminder of her nudity. Hayden didn't join her by removing his underwear and in fact with his t-shirt still on he was by comparison overdressed, but weirdly Maria was happier that way. She loved seeing his body too, but the fact that she was the only nude one was definitely adding to her arousal. After their bowls were scrapped empty Hayden put them in the sink then returned to stand over Maria who leapt up and jumped into his arms, wrapping her legs around his waist. She ground her hips into his as they made out and now she could feel an undeniable erection pressing against her.
'Oh yeah,' she muttered as their lips pressed against each other. 'I think he's ready.' She expected Hayden to carry her to the bedroom but he surprised her by walking over to the beanbag that sat in the corner of their living room, next to the tv. She squealed as he dropped her down onto it, then shoved her back onto her elbows as he bowed forwards and went down on her. A few minutes later and she flipped their roles, getting on her knees as she pulled down his shorts and took him eagerly in her mouth. They'd fooled around on the couch before in the dark but they'd never gone all the way in this room and the excitement of the new setting had really got them going. Soon Maria was calling out Hayden's name as he fucked her from behind, pressing her sweating torso onto the window and making her breasts squidge up against the glass. Maria closed her eyes as she listened to them pant and gasp, and fantasised about what it would be like if the fog suddenly disappeared and their cover was gone...
When they were finished they were both red faced and so Maria pulled Hayden to his feet and unfastened the sliding door that led outside. They only had a small balcony which had enough room for a couple of chairs and a tiny table but they always tried to make the most of it, often eating dinner alfresco in the summer as they watched the sun set. Today there was no skyline to see but they stood leaning over the railing looking down into the swirling mist, enjoying the new sensation of the cold air sweeping across their skin and the surrealness of casually standing naked outside. Soon they'd caught their breath and cooled off sufficiently so they headed back inside to go back to the bedroom for round three.
That day marked her first time being naked for twenty four hours straight, but sadly Sunday morning revealed that the clouds had lifted and Maria once again had to begrudgingly put on her kimono. On Tuesday Hayden had to submit a summary of his work for the last month, a task he'd had to perform before but a stressful undertaking nonetheless. Maria decided to "help" by giving him a dare.
'Babe.'
'Yup.'
'You know this very important presentation you've got to give this afternoon?'
'Yeah?'
'You have to do it with your balls out.'
'Are you kidding me...'
However the idea of not being able to turn down a challenge was an exciting one and Hayden was a good sport, so before he logged on he shucked off his underwear and shook his head dryly at Maria, who just laughed at him.
'Well this is a new level of unprofessionalism.'
'If it helps...'
'Hmm?'
'You do look ridiculous.'
'Cheers.' With a resigned look Hayden adjusted his shirt so the two open ends fell neatly to either side of his dick, making Maria snort into her coffee. With as much dignity as a half-naked man can muster he joined the online meeting and began to talk through the power point of figures that he'd prepared. Maria let him get through the first couple of introduction slides before she got up and sauntered over to his desk. Looking to the side she was pleased to see that the man across from them wasn't in his living room, so she was free to slowly start unfastening the shirt that she'd put on for her morning videocall. Normally going without a bra was impossible for a women of her proportions but if you're just sitting on your couch all day that negates the problem somewhat, so in truth she couldn't remember the last time she'd had to put one on. Therefore as she kept undoing more buttons she just kept revealing more skin, holding her shirt together just enough to keep everything kind of covered up. Once it was completely open she squeezed her breasts together to form the most outrageous cleavage imaginable. Hayden had so far pretended not to notice what was going on, but now his eyes betrayed him as they briefly flicked up to see what she was doing.
Maria smiled and then finally pulled her shirt wide apart, letting her breasts bounce down into view, before she shrugged off the top and let it pool around her feet, standing now only in a semi-transparent thong. Hayden had brought a hand up to rest against his temple, quite literally shielding her from view as he desperately tried to focus on what he was saying. Maria meanwhile decided to really amp things up by grasping at her boobs and massaging them around, kneading them with her hands as she batted her eyelids at him. Hayden remained strong and didn't waiver, not even when she reached out and licked her own nipple with her tongue, an ability which had never failed to impress her partners over the years. Maria resorted to putting a hand down the front of her underwear and slowly beginning to play with herself, but to no avail, Hayden simply refused to look up. A little put out Maria decided to resort to extreme measures to distract her boyfriend, so she reached up to tie her hair in a messy bun and then dropped down to her knees and crawled on all fours towards him. She noted with satisfaction that her display hadn't been for nothing, there poking up from beneath his shirt was certain proof that Hayden's crotch enjoyed the performance, even if the rest of him hadn't. Maria was now under the desk between his knees and she carefully reached out her tongue and licked the underside of his shaft, causing it to twitch away from her violently. She suppressed a laugh and turned her head to nibble gently at his tightened balls, rolling the skin between her lips. Hayden's voice wavered slightly at her touch but he managed to keep it together, trying to ignore her as best he could and keep on talking.
Maria loved this new game and started teasing him as much as she could, mixing it up by licking his inner thighs before giving his cock some more attention, then kissing his balls and starting over again. She gave herself the challenge of only using her mouth, in fact her hands were more than busy teasing her nipples and stroking her slit as she ensured she was enjoying the experience too. After a few minutes she decided to be nice and finally moved up to the tip of his penis, wrapping her lips around it and using her tongue to tickle him relentlessly. She physically felt his whole member throb and Hayden had to fake a cough as his voice cracked slightly with the strain of keeping a straight face. She knew from hearing him rehearse earlier that his speech was nearly over so she decided to escalate the pace by shifting higher up and beginning to really go to town on him, thrusting her mouth up and down with increasing speed. She couldn't go too crazy unless the slurping was picked up by the microphone but after all that foreplay they both knew Hayden wouldn't be able to last long anyway. As he felt the pressure in his groin begin to crescendo he finally began to slur his words as Maria kept up her unrelenting tempo.
'And so to conclude I just want to say...' At this point his knuckles were turning white as he gripped the desk, his toes curled tightly in their slippers as he tried desperately to focus. 'Umm want to say that, in conclusion, that...' His eyes were beginning to roll back in his head as he realised the end was near and there was no delaying the inevitable. 'That, uh... sorry gentleman, one moment.' He quickly muted himself and turned to the side, burying his mouth in his arm as he feigned an enormous sneeze. With the other hand he reached down and grabbed the back of Maria's bun. She needed no invitation and she immediately forced herself down onto him, deepthroating his cock as he erupted into her mouth, trails of cum escaping her lips and dribbling down her chin as he convulsed. Maria took being a good swallower as a source of pride and she continued to suck powerfully as his twitching subsided, and with watering eyes Hayden straightened in his chair and turned the microphone back on.
'Sorry about that everyone, got a bit of a cold. As I was saying, to finish off I just wanted to thank Brain and his team...' Maria was impressed by how quickly he'd regained his composure, especially as she was still studiously licking his still hard dick clean, careful not to miss a drop. She wiped her own mouth with the back of her hand and then gave his tip one final kiss, before finally retreating from under the desk to the bathroom to freshen up.
*****
One of the many measures put in place to fight the pandemic was contactless deliveries, where your takeaways would be left on your door stop so you didn't have to go near the delivery driver. Normally they'd just wait a few back steps from the door to make sure you got your food, but otherwise the process was pretty much the same. Hayden and Maria had been treating themselves to quite a few takeout's in lockdown, to make up for the loss of all their favourite restaurants, and tonight they'd elected for a chinese. Maria placed the order on her phone, then seeing as the app predicted quite a delay the pair decided to have a soak in the bath as they waited. They chatted idly as they enjoyed the heat of the water and each other's bodies, Hayden absentmindedly playing with Maria's hair as she lay in between his legs with her head on his chest. His hands gradually wandered down to her breasts and she sighed heavily at his touch, in turn reaching down behind her back to lazily hold his cock. Things were about to get to the point of no return when Maria's phone vibrated and Hayden groaned with disappointment as she released her grip and sat up to check the message.
'Oh shit the guy is outside already!' They'd been too distracted to notice the notification updates and she pulled herself out of the tub quickly and grabbed a towel.
'Wow, that was way quicker than they said.' Hayden leant back in the water and scrubbed his face. 'Hurry up, you're keeping him waiting.'
Maria rolled her eyes as she gave herself a quick once over with the towel to stop herself dripping everywhere, then wrapped it around her bust and headed to the front door. She fastened the knot which kept trying to come loose as she hurried along. She opened the door and peered outside into the corridor, and sure enough there was the delivery guy, dressed in motorcycle leathers with his helmet in his hand. The two carrier bags of food were there on the doormat as promised, and Maria reached down to pick them up and take them inside.
'Hiya, sorry to keep you, ah this is great, thanks... oh before you leave hold on.' She nipped inside and put the takeaway on the kitchen table and then picked up her purse from the dresser on the way back. To get to their door deliverymen had to get through the lobby on the ground floor, ride the lift up five floors and then walk to their apartment which was at the far end of the hall. Essentially it was a pain for them, so Hayden and Maria always made sure to tip them a little extra to make up for it. She fished out some coins and double checked she had the right amount before leaning out of the doorway again. 'Thanks so much again, this is for you.'
The delivery guy presumably smiled under his helmet. 'Ah thank you, you don't have to-'
'No really, it's fine. Umm how should I do this, shall I...' Maria took a step out into the corridor, feeling the rough carpet against her toes for the first time, and then bent forward to put the money on the floor, so the guy could pick it up. 'Contactless tipping is a thing too now I guess - oh!' She hadn't heard Hayden sneak up behind her but suddenly she felt a foot plant firmly on her butt and then shove her unceremoniously into the hall. As she pitched forwards her towel was pulled clean off, Hayden had grabbed one end as he pushed her away and yanked it back into the flat. Now completely naked Maria regained her balance and straightened, clasping her arms instinctively across her tits as she spun around to see the front door slam shut in her face.
'Umm... wow. You ok?
Maria squeezed her eyes shut in embarrassment as the delivery guy drank in the sight of her nude body. She realised she wasn't doing a great job of covering the goods so she moved one hand down in between her legs and tried hopelessly to restrain both boobs with the other, but they simply bulged out from under her arm.
'I'm fine, umm... shit here.' She had to momentarily flash him again as she revealed her nipples to throw him the fistful of coins that were still in her hand. 'Sorry, sorry.' They scattered all over the floor and the amused delivery guy had to briefly take his eyes off her as he knelt down to gather them up.
'Don't worry miss, I don't mind.' Maria had covered back up and turned her body to the side to try and hide as much as she could, but now her cheeks were burning with embarrassment.
'Ok then, that's fine. But please go now, please.'
'You sure? You going to be able to get back inside ok?'
'Yes thanks, I'm sure. Goodbye.' Maria forced a smile and nodded pointedly back down the corridor, and with one long last look the delivery driver relented and walked away. As soon as his back was turned Maria pressed herself up against the door and hissed. She didn't want to bang loudly in case any nosey neighbours decided to poke their heads out, but at the same time every second she spent outside was another opportunity for someone to come and catch her. 'Hayden! Open the fucking door!'
The tone of her voice clearly communicated that the time for playing games was over, so immediately she heard the latch unhitching and she burst back into the flat, almost taking out Hayden with her momentum. He opened his mouth to apologise or maybe gloat, she wasn't sure, but before he could speak she put her finger to his lips.
'Not a word, don't you dare. Get back in the bath.' This time it was her turn to tug off his towel from behind as the naked pair rushed back to the bathroom. Maria sat on the edge of the tub with her legs unapologetically open wide and turned on the shower head above her, turning her face up and letting the hot water cascade down her body. She then ordered Hayden to his knees in the water beneath her and roughly grabbed his head, guiding it in between her thighs and then keeping him pinned there as she began to yell.
*****
'Were you just trying to be a dickhead, or did you know how much that would turn me on?' Maria lay on her side resting up against Hayden on the sofa as she idly toyed with her plate of noodles.
'Hmm?' Hayden was more focused on the film they'd put on than she was, so Maria prodded his arm with her fork to gain his attention.
'Were you just trying to mess with me or did you know that I wouldn't... entirely hate it.'
Hayden looked down with her and kissed her softly on the head. 'Aww honey. Of course I was trying to mess with you.'
'Oh wow.'
'But of course I'd also never have done something that embarrassing to you if I didn't know that deep down you'd enjoy it.'
'You've never tried to show me off before.'
'I've never had any reason to think that you'd be into that. But I guess lockdown has made us all start trying new things to pass the time, and to be honest I've been finding your new confidence quite the turn on too.'
Maria smiled and snuggled up tighter against his chest. 'Really?'
'God yeah. I don't know why, or what it says about me, but when I was watching you squirm next to the deliveryman through the peephole, I don't think you've ever looked sexier.'
'Really?'
'Swear down.'
'You're weird.' She played it off coolly, but inside Maria was beaming.
Hayden finished off the movie as Maria dozed, then when he woke her to chuck the empty containers in the trash she headed off to the bedroom to try on something she'd spotted online a couple of weeks ago. It was from a lingerie store and was advertised in their "risqué" section, not surprisingly as it left almost nothing to the imagination. Despite being a full length bodysuit it was made of fishnet material, the large chequered holes making it pretty much see through. It still managed to hitch her breasts up though which made them stand out even more, and as Maria stripped bare then pulled it over her body even she was taken aback by how outrageously sexy she looked. The model on the website had been wearing a bra and panty set underneath but Maria definitely preferred how it looked on its own, so she padded back to the kitchen and leant seductively against the doorframe, softly calling out to her lover.
'Ahem.'
Hayden glanced over and did a double take, dropping the plate he was scrubbing and rushing over to her. 'Oh my god I've died and gone to heaven, look at you!'
Maria positively squirmed with pleasure as Hayden's eyes roamed over her body, taking in every naked square of flesh. 'You like it?'
'I've never wanted you more. Oh, you ordered this online right? In that case I bought some stuff too. Hold on.' He ran past her to their bedroom and Maria laughed, she'd never seen him so animated. She walked back to find him rummaging through their wardrobe, pulling out a box that he'd hidden at the bottom. 'Look, look.' He pulled out a package and tore it open, passing a tangle of ropes and hooks to the curious Maria.
'What is it?'
'A harness, but one that goes over the door and you hang off it.'
'Oh, wow...' They'd done some light bdsm stuff before, but nothing like this.
'And then I got this set too.' He opened a case and Maria grinned as she looked in to see an assortment of whips, paddles and gags. 'Everything we need to make our own sex dungeon.'
Maria took a set of nipple clamps and eyed them inquisitively, holding them against her own bare breasts. 'You've.. bought a lot.'
'Well I'm pretty sure we can try it all out if we're committed enough, we've definitely got enough free time.' Hayden got up and began to bind Maria's wrists with leashes attached to the harness. Then he reached into the box and pulled out a satin blindfold. 'How about we start off with these for tonight?'
Maria smiled as the wrap was tied around her head, plunging her into darkness. 'Baby, how about you just do exactly what you want me to, until I tell you to stop.'
'Deal.' Hayden pulled her arms up high and she felt them getting hooked onto the door, leaving her strung out resting on her tiptoes. 'Oh and darling?'
'Yes?'
'Just a heads up, I'm not going to close the blinds.'
'Perfect.'
****
One morning Hayden had braved a trip to the large supermarket near them, something which took ages as people queued up for hours to try and get what they needed despite the food shortages. Maria had decided to do a workout why he was gone, following an online livestream of a fitness instructor shouting out instructions from her laptop. She decided to attach her computer to the tv, so dressed in her yoga top and bottoms she set her map up in the living room and began the hour long session. Halfway through and she was already dying, she really had let herself get out of shape. During one of the small breaks she just lay panting on the floor, arms and legs lying limply to her sides. Their normally toasty warm apartment was now stifling hot, even though she'd already turned on the aircon. With a minute left before the next round of sit ups began she decided that the obvious thing to do would be to take off her top to cool her down a touch, and was about to when she double checked the flat across from theirs and saw to her dismay the neighbour, sitting on his sofa. He was watching tv by the looks of it but only had to look slightly to the side to see into her living room, and there was nothing but glass blocking his view.
Fuck it, thought Maria, it's my house, I can wear what I want. No one would look twice at a topless guy doing a workout, so why should she have to stay covered up? After all, if he's offended, he can just not look. With that she pulled off her stretchy top and put it to the side, just in time for the next set of abdominal exercises. She kept checking to see if the neighbour had noticed, but every time she did he was still facing the tv, seemingly unphased.
After another twenty minutes Maria was still boiling and had begun to wander what working out naked would feel like. Once the idea was in her head it wouldn't leave, so soon she was standing up with her back to the window and sliding her shorts off. Now fully unrestrained she did feel slightly ridiculous as her body jiggled and bounced around, but she did feel more comfortable and definitely a little bit naughty. With the hour over she wiped her face with a towel and then casually swung it over as she took a long drink from her water bottle. Out of the corner of her eye she saw the neighbour get up from the couch and disappear into his flat, and there was no way he hadn't seen her as he left. She heard footsteps at the door and went to open it, giving Hayden a nice surprise as he stumbled in with bags full of shopping.
'So you exercise naked too now?
'Thought I'd give it a try.'
'Good to know.'
From that day on Maria was never concerned about being seen by their neighbour, whatever she was wearing. She would often walk into the kitchen in the nude and see the man through the window, and although they never waved or communicated at all he never showed any signs that he was either offended or overly interested in her body. Hayden kept reminding her of his presence at first but soon he gave up too, and seemingly accepted her care free nature.
*****
Videocall online quizzes had quickly become one of the most overused social events and two days later Maria groaned when Hayden announced he'd agreed to partake in one with some work friends.
'But why do I have to do it?'
'It's the battle of the couples.'
'Babe I really can't be bothered, it's going to be boring like all the other ones, just tell them I've got a headache.'
'No, you will be participating and you will enjoy it because I dare you too.'
'What an incredibly tedious and boring use of a dare.'
'Don't worry, that's not all.'
'Why, what else do I have to do.'
'You'll find out tonight.'
A few hours later and Maria stood with her hand to her forehead, sighing exasperatedly. 'It's a themed quiz? Hayden you really do work with a bunch of losers.'
Hayden just laughed heartily. 'That's so mean! True, but uncalled for. Anyway "date night" isn't exactly a challenging theme, it's just a way to get people to dress up fancy and pretend like they aren't stuck in the house still.'
'But we are still stuck in the house, so why do I have to get properly dressed, anything other than pyjamas feel wrong at this point.'
'Because everyone will be making an effort. Now come on, I need to see a selection of your tops.'
'Why?'
'Trust me, come on.'
Maria got to the bedroom and chucked all her nice ones onto the bed, and Hayden quickly sorted them into two piles. One pile was formed of all strapless tops, ones which hug tightly around the shoulders and show a lot of collar.
'Ok, and of these ones, which is your favourite?'
'Umm, this one I guess?' Maria held up a glitzy gold sequinned item up, she'd worn it out to a few night clubs in times gone by and it definitely made the most of her ample assets, even if it was always on the brink of falling off.
'Great, wear that tonight.'
'Ok, sure...'
An hour later and the pair were sat on the sofa, bottles of cider in their hands to help them survive the evening, and they joined into the online call and said hello to all the other couples, a few of whom Maria recognised from corporate work events she'd been dragged along to in the past. Everyone looked like they'd put time into their outfits, most of the women were wearing shiny dressed and the men were all in smart shirts. Hayden's friend Mason was hosting the quiz and soon everyone muted their mics as the contest began.
Hayden leant over. 'So the first rule is that we're not working together like everyone else, we're fighting against each other.'
Maria's competitive nature didn't mind that. 'Ok, prepare to lose.'
'You wish. Rule two, for every question we get wrong, we have to drink.'
'Good, the more alcohol the less awful this will be.'
'Rule three, for every question you get wrong and I get right, you take off an item of clothing.'
'Huh?' Maria hadn't seen that one coming.
'Yep. First question, here we go.' The initial round was centred around popular music, something both of them were well versed in. After the ten questions Mason read through the answers so people could top up their scores. Hayden got seven right, whilst Maria got eight. 'Well played.' Hayden admitted defeat gracefully as they both took gulps from their bottles, and Maria smugly watched him take an extra swig.
'I'm so going to win this.' Round two was current affairs, and as there wasn't much else to do in the evening other than watch the news both of them scored full marks. 'Too easy, tell Mason his quiz is shit.'
'How about we change rule two, you have to drink if you get it right?'
'Best idea you've ever had.' Round three commenced with famous quotations, and the cider was beginning to hit Maria as she began to struggle.
'Nine for me, seven for you. What you going to take off?'
'Seven sips for you first mate.' As she watched Hayden finish his bottle and start off another she reached down to take off her socks, regretting her decision not to wear heels to complete the outfit. With those gone she then undid her belt and un-looped it, tossing it to the floor.
'Does a belt count?'
'Of course.' Now very tipsy both Maria and Hayden began to lose their composure, giggling and bickering as they tried to distract each other from writing down their answers. The geography round favoured Hayden who actually had a degree in the subject, but Maria did well to almost match him, only getting one wrong.
'Not bad babe, not bad at all.'
'Thank you thank you, some of your knowledge must have rubbed off on me.'
'Speaking of off, time to lose another piece.'
'Smooth.' Maria went for her jeans, slowly slipping them down her legs so no one would notice what she was up to. 'There we go.' It wasn't the first time that Maria was on a call sitting in her panties and in fact she actually enjoyed the improved comfort, stretching her legs out luxuriously.
'I might have to start getting some of these wrong on purpose,' mused Hayden holding his bottle up ruefully. 'This is going straight to my head.' He was still determined to beat Maria though so he persevered, and won seven to six as his superior knowledge of sports shone through.
Maria groaned. 'Shit, that means we have to drink so much more though.'
'And you have to still take another thing off.'
'This is an evil little game of yours.' She didn't complain though and after a moment's thought reached under her top and sneakily pulled down her strapless bra, twisting it around to undo the clasp and then adding it to the pile of clothes on the floor. At this point there was a short break for people to go and stretch their legs, which Maria used to go and open a case of beers, getting up carefully so she didn't reveal herself to the camera. Once they were settled back down the next round commenced, based on science and nature. The beer somehow made them smarter as both of them scored full marks, Maria punching the air with delight. It was short lived though, and in the film section she only got five, losing to Hayden's nine.
'Fine, fine.' She grumbled, hooking off her panties and kicking them away. Now she only had one thing left, and she turned to look pleadingly at Hayden. 'I assume the game is over? I assume you don't want me flashing your bosses online?'
'Over? Oh no no no.' Hayden grinned devilishly and gently nudged Maria down slightly so that just the upper half of her top was visible in shot, with her bare shoulders and collar bone peaking up at the bottom of the screen. 'Why did you think you were wearing this top?'
'Oh wow. Wow, you're good.' Maria shook her head in amazement, appreciating the thought Hayden had put into this, then accepted her fate and put her hands up to the lower hem, holding it with the ends of her fingers. Carefully she pulled the material down, cautious not to move the rest of her body. The sequins stretched over her breasts as her nipples popped into view, then the top was over them and fell down bunching around her waist. She delicately lifted her butt a few millimetres and slid her last piece of clothing down her legs, leaving her completely naked next to the fully dressed Hayden. She looked down and ran her hands over her bare skin, not too upset about the whole situation.
'Happy now?'
'More than you'll ever know.'
'Me too.' For the rest of the quiz Maria stayed completely nude, just letting the top of her shoulders stay in shot, and occasionally seeing how much cleavage she could get away with showing my shifting up in her seat. Her and Hayden were soon too drunk to answer anything correctly and came last, but deep down they knew they were both the real winners.
*****
Hayden got his revenge for his meeting blowjob, sort of, a few days later. This time it was Maria's turn to be the only one in a conference and as she started the call Hayden looked up from his desk and headed to the bedroom. A minute later and he had returned having swapped his shirts and shorts for a t-shirt and boxers. Under his arm he carried a laptop and to Maria's surprise, a bottle of lube. He smiled pleasantly and settled himself down next to her on the sofa, leaving him just out of shot. Maria glanced over to him as she continued to talk through the month's target report. Her eye's widened as Hayden started his laptop and clicked on a file, opening up a video player which presented an all too familiar thumbnail.
'So the main focus for the next... ah. The next...' Hayden tapped the spacebar and Maria watched in disbelief as their sex tape from the a few nights ago began to play. There she was, dressed in that outrageous fishnet bodysuit, her wrists bound to the top of the door, and there was Hayden, tracing down the curve of her waist with the handle of a long black whip. Maria hadn't even seen this footage yet, they'd both fallen asleep once it had finished and they were yet to look at it together. But here Hayden was, casually rubbing his crotch through his underwear as if it was the most natural thing in the world, while she had to pretend to concentrate on Georgia from marketing. 'And looking forward to the quarter after next... Jesus.'
Maria couldn't stop herself grinning as Hayden nonchalantly fished his hardening dick out through his boxers and then quirted a blob of lube onto his hand. In the sex tape Hayden was guiding the now naked Maria to the bed, and watching herself crawling across to him on all fours was making the current day Maria hot under the collar.
'Sorry Maria?' Georgia snapped her back to reality.
'Sorry yes, as I was saying, the next quarter.' Hayden was now fully stroking himself as he watched their amateur pornography, and Maria shifted to the side so she could see him slightly better out of the corner of her eye. She loved watching men jerk off, it was a bit of a fascination of hers. She enjoyed giving handjobs but there something about the way a guy handled his own equipment, how natural and easy they made it look, caressing their shafts with a casual fluidity and power. She actually bit her lip as she looked at the veins popping in his forearms as he continued his leisurely pace, using his free hand to skip forward in the video to the part where they were sixty-nine-ing, their faces buried between each other's legs. Maria's mouth was physically drying up as she continued to stare so she had to take a large gulp of coffee as she continued to press on. 'And I think we've got those next documents here, if you'd check the group folder - oh.'
She gasped as Hayden's sticky palm clasped her wrist and he gently but firmly guided her over to his hardon. She eagerly wrapped her fingers around it and he in turn enveloped her hand in his, before squeezing her tight and guiding her up and down, up and down. She wasn't actually doing anything, his grip was so much stronger than hers that she just let her arm relax as he did all the work, but as she looked back to her screen she realised just how insane it was that she was casually chatting to her colleagues whilst she wanked off her boyfriend next to her. She managed to keep it together for the next few minutes as Hayden kept up the tempo, having skipped forwards again to a view of him ploughing Maria from behind, pulling her head back by her ponytail. Sex tape Maria clutched her breasts as she braced herself against the bedframe, then at one point she opened her eyes to look straight down the lens of the camera, and present Maria found herself looking deep into her own soul as she got absolutely railed.
The scene was clearly having a strong effect on Hayden too and he began to pick up speed, their hands quickly melting into a blur of motion as he clasped her so tightly she thought that surely his dick would explode. She was always amazed and impressed by how strong a man's grip was compared to hers, and by just how tightly they liked to squeeze themselves when they were about to bust. She felt his shaft beginning to pulse, then with one final convulsion a shower of cum shot up into the air, splattering back down onto her arm.
'Oh my god!' Maria covered her mouth to hide her scandalised delight as Hayden shot load after load onto his belly. 'Sorry guys I almost dropped my water bottle, managed to save it though.' She cocked her head apologetically at the camera and resumed her meeting, as Hayden put his laptop to the side and let her go, then tucked himself back into his shorts before wandering off to the bathroom. Maria had to complete the rest of the call with her arm frozen in position, so the pool of semen that was congealing on her skin didn't slide off and fall onto the cushions. When it finally ended she walked over to the sink and washed it all off, then went into the bedroom to find Hayden folding some laundry.
'Proud of yourself?'
'Very.' He beamed up at her as he unravelled a pair of jeans. 'And I don't know if you noticed, but I'd still only made it halfway through the tape.'
'Damn, we really recorded that much?'
'I know right? How about we finish off the rest tonight? I could make popcorn.'
'Hahaha, sure.'
*****
With their scores settled the sexual distractions could finally stop. Or they could continue indefinitely, with increasing regularity, which of course was the path Maria and Hayden decided to go down. Their semi-naked dress code meant that sneaky oral sex was often on the cards, and whenever Maria was bored she would crawl over to Hayden and blow him, timing how long she could get him from completely soft to cumming with her phone. She'd made a little table of her personal bests in her notes, and it was a fun game for both of them to play. Similarly Hayden would often get on his knees to eat out Maria, ending up bringing her favourite vibrator and a long dildo from the bedroom to make her squirm with delight. The thrill of getting off in plain view of her work friends sent her pleasure levels skyrocketing and on one occasion she had to mute herself as she squirted for the first time in her life, crying out in surprise.
They made a couple more sex tapes, one where it was Hayden's turn to get strapped to a bed and then receive the shock of a lifetime when Maria revealed that she'd bought a strap on for them to try, then another where she gave anal a go for the first time as Hayden's reward for the previous time. It was as they were watching this second tape, eating ice cream out of the tub as they both lazily touched themselves, when Maria thoughtfully tapped her chin with the spoon and asked a question.
'Do you think people would pay to watch us? Doing this, I mean.'
'Oh definitely. Amateur couples are some of the most popular, especially when the chick is as hot as you are.'
'Aww thanks honey, but don't put yourself down.'
'Don't worry I'm not, I know the porn industry is missing out on my talents.'
'So you think we'd be a hit?'
'No doubt in my mind.'
'Hmm.'
'Hmm?'
'Nothing.'
'Why, you want to try uploading one?'
'Oh my god no, no way. No. But you know.'
'No, what?'
'Well I'm just wondering what it would be like. For other people to, to watch you. Us, I mean.'
'Well in that case.' Hayden paused the scene and opened up a new tab, typing in the address to an adult chat room. 'You ever seen one of these?'
'No, what is it?'
'Shift over.' Maria squidged up next to him and they sat against the pillows, the laptop on Hayden's lap angled in such a way that they were only visible from the neck down. 'So it connects to your webcam, then you get paired with a random stranger online. And if you know the right pages to go on, you get stuff like this.' He clicked the randomise button and the site refreshed, presenting them with a live video feed and a chat window next to it. Their first random stranger was a chubby guy sat at his desk in the dark, shadows covering his face.
'Babe careful, I'm not decent!' Maria whispered, quickly smoothing out the oversized t shirt which was the only thing she wore, as she and Hayden tentatively waved hello.
'Don't worry, you look great.'
'Can he hear us?' The guy was waving back.
'No we're both muted, hold on.' Dylan taped the keyboard and suddenly a deep voice greeted them.
'Hey.'
'Hey man, you good?' Hayden took the lead as Maria watched on curiously.
'Yeah calm man. What you two saying?'
'Not much, not much. I'm... Ray, and this is my... sex slave-'
Maria leant forwards. 'Ivanka.'
'Ivanka, she's Russian, apparently.' Hayden smirked at Maria, who shrugged.
'Ah nice man, nice. She's got a great rack you know, damn.' Even with her baggy top Maria's nipples were clearly visible through the fabric, as were the curves of her breasts.
'Oh yeah?' Now Hayden grinned and squeezed her thigh. 'Why, you want to see these tits?'
Maria gasped, but she wasn't totally surprised. 'Hayd - Ray! You must be kidding.'
'Quiet, sex slave.' Hayden adjusted the laptop's position so that it was centred on his girlfriend's chest, then reached for her plunging neckline and started to pull the loose t shirt down.
'Oh my god...' Maria blushed as he kept stretching out the fabric, before he reached inside the top and hoisted out one of her breasts, pulling it through the opening and letting it sit there, exposed in the open. She was so glad this guy couldn't see her face, otherwise she'd die of embarrassment.
'Jesus bro... that's one of the best tits I've ever seen. You're a lucky man.'
Maria brought a hand up to cup her boob and used the other to blow a kiss to the stranger, leaning towards the camera just so her lips were in view.
'Glad you enjoyed honey, have a good night! Bye!' She clicked the button to end the call and collapsed with Hayden onto the pillows behind them, both of them bursting into laughter. 'That was hysterical, oh my god!'
Hayden was wiping tears from his eyes. 'Ivanka? Really? That's your alter ego?'
'What about Ray you weirdo, you changed like one letter from your name!'
'No, Ray is a cool name.'
'And a sex slave? Really?'
'Ok don't tell me you don't like the sound of that idea.'
'Hmm...'
'Exactly.' They both lay catching their breath as they gazed dreamily at the ceiling for a moment. 'So...'
Maria leant up and finally tucked herself back into her top. 'Another?'
'God I love you.'
For the next ninety minutes they went through call after call, getting progressively bolder and more adventurous as they went. Maria started off by getting comfortable with flashing her boobs, starting to squeeze and tweak them much to Hayden's delight as she began to enjoy herself. He got involved too by leaning over and sucking them, teasing her nipples with his tongue as more shady guys watched on with envy. It was almost entirely men that they encountered, they were all online looking for women to watch after all, but Maria loved the fact that each time she was the center of attention. She progressed to offering them the chance to see her butt, getting on her knees then turning to lift her shirt up and wiggle her cheeks at the camera. One guy was so unexpectedly complimentary and grateful that Maria decided to reward him with the big reveal, so she slowly peeled her top over her head and then sat down with her legs crossed and her hands placed strategically over her lap. From that point on she didn't bother getting redressed, instead grabbing a pillow from the bed and hugging that to cover her front. Now every time she decided to flash she would throw it aside with her arms up in the air, letting everything hang free on display. Some guys began to play with themselves when they were greeted with her nudity and at first she ended the call whenever they did, but soon she was so turned on by the whole experience that she let them continue, judging all their differently sized and shaped cocks with great interest.
After one such occasion she had just recovered when to her surprise a woman's face appeared on the screen. She was maybe a couple of years younger than them, very pretty, and unlike most of the others her face was clearly illuminated, which meant her surprise was easy to see when she saw Maria's bare shoulders.
'Hi guys.'
'Hello.' The pair chorused.
'Love your outfit girl.'
Maria cocked her head. 'Aww thank you! You're so pretty! I love your hair.'
'Thanks! So, what have you guys been getting up to tonight.'
'Well, I am Shantell, and this is-'
'Henrique.' Hayden chimed up.
'Yes, Henrique. My sex slave.'
The girl laughed. 'Your what?'
'Oh yeah, twenty four hours, seven days a week, full time sex slave.'
'You're joking.'
'No I'm serious, look. Henrique, take off your top.'
Hayden rolled his eyes at Maria but acknowledged that this was only fair, even if she was using all his lines. He whipped off his shirt and chucked it to the side, revealing his six pack which definitely caught the stranger's attention.
'Sexy slave you got there.'
'Isn't he?' Maria reached over and ran her fingers over his abs, then reached up to fondle his pecs. 'You like?'
'I do, I do...' The girl leant over to reveal a rainbow flag on the wall behind her. 'But just so you know, I also like girls too...'
'Oh really?' Maria smiled to herself as she looked down and slowly let half of the pillow flop down, revealing her tits once more. 'Like these, you like this kind of thing?'
'Wow, yeah. Oh my god, you two make an insanely hot couple.'
'You are just the sweetest! What's your name hun? Want to see a little more?'
'It's Cassandra. And yes, please.'
Maria was about to ditch the pillow when she decided on a better idea. Even beneath the girl's hoodie she could tell she was packing, and she thought that she detected a naughty twinkle in her eye. 'Well before we do that, maybe you'd like to get a little more comfortable, Cassandra? I wouldn't want you to feel overdressed.'
Cassandra paused for a moment, biting her lip and looking at the empty space where she imagined "Henrique's" face would be. She looked nervous but seemingly convinced herself that the rewards outweighed the embarrassment, so she tugged off her jumper to reveal a large sports bra, the kind that fastened at the front.
'Mmm, Henrique's going to enjoy this.' Maria reached over and slipped her hand into Hayden's boxers, wrapping her fingers around his dick. She didn't do anything else, just held it to monitor it's progress, as she joined him in watching Cassandra unzip the bra and slowly part the two cups, letting her boobs suddenly fall free with a considerable rebound. 'Oh wow, Cassandra those are gorgeous...'
'Haha thank you, I do like them.'
'So does little Henrique...' Maria sniggered as she felt her boyfriend quickly getting harder, and she gave him a little squeeze to playfully chastise him. 'Naughty naughty.'
'Oh is he? Can I see?' Cassandra was now feeling a touch braver.
'Of course, time for our end of the bargain. Sit up, you.' Hayden awkwardly got to his knees and Maria used his cock as a handle to swivel him round to face her. 'Ready?' Cassandra just nodded eagerly as Maria moved her hands to the sides of his underwear and gradually teased them down, his erection clearly now visibly poking through the fabric. She paused as the base of his shaft came into view, then finally pulled them off as his boner shot into view, bouncing up to point to the sky.
'Little Henrique isn't so little is he... you're a lucky lady.'
'I really am.' Maria instinctively wanted to reach out and touch him, but felt that maybe a line would be getting crossed. Cassandra's next question quickly killed that worry.
'Does it, umm, get any bigger?'
Damn, Cassandra's a horny bitch, thought Maria with a smirk. 'Uh yeah, a bit bigger. Give me a second.' She looked up at Hayden who just smiled with bemusement, even he was surprised by how quickly things were moving. He nodded his consent and Maria took him in her grasp again, and began to gently stroke him. Being naked in front of two amazing pairs of tits was quite the combination for Hayden's groin to deal with, and pretty soon he was at full mast. 'There we go, any bigger and he might blow up.' Mara sat back on her haunches, satisfied with her work, and looked back to the screen. Cassandra was subconsciously lightly running her fingers along the underside of her boob as she watched the live sex show with bated breath.
'Man you guys are so hot, it's insane.'
'You're too kind.'
'Seriously though, I'm, uh... would you mind, if, I umm, touch, myself?'
Maria managed to stifle a laugh, this was so surreal. 'Of course, go ahead. In fact, let me give you something to watch.' She angled the laptop down so that she could lower her head to Hayden without exposing her whole face, then once she was satisfied she placed her pillow offscreen, revealing her nudity to Cassandra's appreciation, and bent down to spit on his tip. Out of the corner of her eye she saw Cassandra role back and kick off her shorts, then bury her hand in her panties off screen as she settled in for the show. Maria had never given a blowjob in front of anyone else before, but after reviewing their homemade sex tapes she now had a solid idea of what looked good. Accordingly she took long, seductive sucks and licks, slobbering and gagging to make sure it looked impressive for the camera. Cassandra definitely appreciated the effort as she now had both hands working away ferociously between her legs, her tits jiggling unrestrained as her whole body shook with exertion. She started to moan too, quietly at first but then louder as Hayden too began to groan with pleasure. Soon they were both panting and sweating as Maria noticed the tell-tale signs that Hayden was about to blow. 'Ready Cassandra?'
'Go on, do it, do it.'
Maria pulled back with a slurp and grabbed his dick with both hands, wrapping them tightly on top of each other and beginning to furiously jerk him off. After a few seconds Hayden took over and his faster technique immediately got him to the edge. 'Where?' He gasped breathlessly.
'Here.' Maria cupped her boobs and pushed them together to create a natural reservoir and Hayden leant forwards to guide his ejaculation onto her breasts, firing shot after shot into her cleavage until the volume was too much and it began to leak over her fingers.
'Oh... my god.' In the background Cassandra was hitting her own climax and Maria turned to watch her throwing her head back in ecstatic pleasure. Hayden was finally fully spent and he collapsed back onto the bed, his chest still heaving. Maria gave up trying to hold his cum back and she released her hands to watch it flow down her chest and onto her legs, pooling in between them. She slowly rubbed the stickiness into her skin, swirling it around her torso, then turned to the screen to end the call.
'I hope you enjoyed sweetie, goodnight.'
'Wait, wait.' The still topless Cassandra reached over to her side and pulled out her phone. 'That was incredible, that was the sexiest thing I've ever been a part of. Please, before you go, could I take a photo, just to remember tonight?'
No one other than Hayden had any pictures of Maria in anything like her current state, but what the hell, it would be anonymous. 'Sure.' She held her arms out wide as Cassandra captured the moment with her camera.
'Thank you so much Shantell. And you too, Henrique.' Hayden's hand appeared on screen, giving a thumbs up. 'I'll never forget that.'
'You're more than welcome Cassandra, and thank you too.' Maria refreshed the page and the girl was gone forever. Hayden began to get up and go to the bathroom but Maria, still coated in his fluids, grabbed his arm. 'Where do you think you're going mate? Now it's my turn to get off.' The new call had loaded in, revealing a bearded man, lying on a couch. 'Hey you.'
'Woah, hey good looking, damn you look insane right now.'
'Thanks so much!' Maria leant back against the cushions and opened her legs wide, running a hand slowly down her slit. 'Want to see this guy eat me out?'
*****
That was the final performance for the night, after Maria's orgasm they both fell fast asleep, exhausted and happy. Their online exhibitionism became a regular source of entertainment for them, and after buying a pair of masquerade masks they were free to show off without any fear of revealing their identities. This gave them the freedom to progress from foreplay to livestreaming full on fucking, which added an incredible amount of excitement to their sex life. They screwed in front of a couple of other women, countless men, and on one phenomenal occasion another couple as they also went at it, in an intense online foursome. They also kept filming their own sex tapes, and deemed one so good that in a moment of post coital hedonism they decided to upload it onto an amateur porn site. It received barely any views and they never posted a second one, but Maria always got a huge ego boost whenever she checked on it and saw the overwhelmingly positive comments and almost perfect rating.
She quickly became addicted to the rush she got from these strangers' approval and so she turned to taking nudes to get her fix. There were loads of pages where you could upload them and receive feedback and critiques, although once again all of her anonymously taken snapshots went down a treat. There was also a community for pictures of couples together, so one morning she walked into the bathroom naked to find Hayden brushing his teeth, having just jumped out of the shower.
'Mmm morning babe - umm excuse you?' Maria had walked up behind him and loosened the towel around his waist, letting it fall to the floor, then she wrapped her arms over his shoulder and took a photo of them in the mirror, Hayden still with his toothbrush in his hand.
'Thank you, as you were.' She walked back to the bedroom to crop out their faces and upload it, looking forward to watching the likes come flooding through. Once Hayden found out what was up to he was also keen to be involved, and soon the photos they uploaded became increasingly sexual and kinky. Another Saturday rolled around and once again Hayden was up earliest, working overtime. Maria turned up to the kitchen in her gown and was interested to see him sitting not at his desk like usual, but instead at the kitchen island with his back to the living room.
'Did you fancy a change of scene?' She went and filled the kettle as the muted Hayden sighed tiredly.
'No, the damn plug socket over there has stopped working for some reason, so I'm having to use the one over here.'
'That's annoying, we'll have to call the landlord. I doubt they'll send anyone to fix it at the moment though.'
'No, probably not.'
'You can have the sofa if you like, if it's comfier.'
'No no you keep it, I'm ok here.'
'OK babe. Fresh coffee?' The pair chatted as Maria made them drinks, then she walked over to stand next to Hayden and peer at his screen from the side. 'God everyone looks so bored.'
'Yeah this management guy just will not shut up. What a waste of time, honestly.'
'No one's even pretending to care. That girl's clearly on her phone, he's looking out a window, she's practically asleep.'
'Yeah that's why you don't schedule Saturday morning meetings. No one pays attention.'
'They don't do they.' Maria sidled back to the fridge and got out a carton of orange juice, pouring out a glass which she then raised to her lips. 'Whoops.' She intentionally let a few drips spill down onto her gown, and looked down with a fake gasp.
Hayden glanced up from the laptop and raised an eyebrow. 'My god, you're soaked.' He remarked, dryly.
'I know right, what a disaster.' Maria wiped away the two tiny wet spots.
'You should really take that thing off now, it's not fit to wear.' Hayden was of course joking, but Maria nodded.
'Good call.' She unwrapped herself and dropped the kimono to the floor. 'Much better.' Hayden laughed and looked lovingly at his girlfriend's great figure, how had he got so lucky to end up with someone so hot and so mischievous. Maria stretched unashamedly and turned to leave. 'Well enjoy yourself mister, I'm off back to bed. See you in a few.'
'Wait, you do know -' Before he could get his warning out Hayden was stunned to see Maria walk back round to his side and then pass calmly behind him, in full view of his webcam. Her exposure only lasted a moment but she was briefly completely naked in front of twenty or so of his work colleagues, many of whom she'd met in real life. He turned to watch her laughing as she walked away, her shapely butt swaying down the corridor. 'You're crazy, you know that right?'
'Just bored baby, just bored.'
Stripping off entirely on a work call marked the peak of what Maria could realistically get way with, she felt that she had reached the pinnacle of online meeting exhibitionism. The only way to one up Saturday's experience was to do the same but on one of her own videocalls, with her colleagues instead. This was of course Hayden's idea but once he made the point she knew that the idea would fester in her mind until she actually gave it a go. As they lay in bed discussing the dare she tried to get her head around the logistics.
'But like how, pretend to go get a drink, strip, streak, get dressed again and hope that if anyone notices they just assume they've gone crazy?'
Hayden mused. 'Maybe, that worked in my call, no one asked me anything about it afterwards.'
'But this would be different, surely anyone would know it's me.'
'True. Ok, I've got an idea.'
The next afternoon and Maria was working on the bed again, something she normally did when Hayden was being loud in the living room, but today it was so she could carry out the plan they'd come up with the previous night. She'd just finished yawning through a late meeting, and now she was free to leave. As often happened in these calls most people left at five, but a few of the staff would stay online for half an hour or so to have a little social catch up and chit chat. Maria normally joined in with her work friends to hear the office gossip, not that there was any these days, but today she just stayed long enough to make her excuses and leave.
'Sorry everyone I promised Hayden we'd go for a run before it gets dark, so I'm going to head off now. See you all tomorrow!' She waved her goodbyes and pretended to click around on the screen for a moment, then put her laptop on the bed and got up, leaving the webcam pointing at her wardrobe. There were seven of her colleagues left on the call and because she had intentionally not left the meeting yet she could still hear them making small talk as she began to riffle through her clothes. She heard her name being mentioned, but continued to pretend she was oblivious and pulled put her jogging gear.
'Guys look, Maria's camera is still on, I think she forgot to leave the meeting.'
'Oh yeah haha, think she can hear us?'
'Mariaaaa!'
'Nope don't think so, she must have just muted us by accident.'
'Ah well, never mind. Doesn't matter.'
Maria smirked at that last comment, how wrong they were about to be. She'd dressed smartly today, not just half smartly as usual, and so with her back to the bed she unbuttoned her trousers and before she could talk herself out of it she shoved them down her legs.
'Oh my god.'
'What?'
'Maria, oh my god she doesn't know she can see us! She's getting changed!'
'What do you mean - oh, oh no.'
Maria was already beginning to feel her cheeks flush red but she knew this was what she wanted, she needed to see how far she could push herself. Next was her shirt, and once that was off she turned back to the bed in her underwear and chucked her work clothes onto the covers, ready to change into them. Out of the corner of her eye she could see the tiny faces of her work friends staring spellbound at the screen, still trying to get her attention. She had to force herself to not look at the camera as she had to make this all look accidental, so as naturally as she could she took a deep breath and reached behind her back.
'Oh my god, no, Maria!'
'Guys someone do something! I'm going to phone her.'
'Can someone kick her from the call?'
'No, should we just end the meeting?'
Too late for that, thought Maria, as her phone began to vibrate, still lying in her trouser pocket. She unclasped her bra and let it fall away from her front, revealing her nipples that by now were rock hard with excitement.
'Oh my god, oh my god.'
'Everyone look away!'
'No one look, end the meeting someone, end it.'
Maria wouldn't give them time too though and she swiftly pushed down her panties, standing there naked as she savoured the moment by taking the time to tie her curls up in a ponytail with a hair band. Her peripheral vision could just make out her tiny nude figure and the panicked faces surrounding it, some looking away from their computers, some unashamedly watching the unexpected strip show.
'Ok guys I'm just going to quit, we can start another call in a second without Maria.'
'Ok same, see you in a minute.'
A couple of the more honest girls logged out and disappeared from the screen, so Maria decided to act quickly before the rest of them followed suit. She picked up her tight shorts that clung to her skin and stepped into them, pretending to stumble as they were still around her ankles and spinning round in a dramatic attempt to regain her balance. Now facing the other way again she bent over with her legs still straight, presenting an outrageous view behind her, and as slowly as she dared pulled the shorts up her legs, jumping as she struggled to tug them over her butt, making it jiggle and bounce.
'Jesus christ...'
'Andy! Look away you creep!'
Satisfied with her performance Maria turned back to grab her sports bra, noting with satisfaction that there were still four left pretending not to watch. She was surprised by how secretly voyeuristic they'd all turned out to be, but that of course was good news for her. She pulled on her top as she walked out of the bedroom and went to find Hayden who was also dressed in sportswear and waiting for her in the kitchen.
'Holy fuck babe, that was intense.' She walked straight over to him on the sofa and fell into his arms, laughing hysterically.
'So you did it? You went all the way?'
'Oh all the way, even bent over in front of the camera too.'
'Oh my god, you are incredible!'
'It was such a rush, feel my heart.' Maria filled Hayden in on all the details, noting with amusement the hardening in his lap which she sat on.
'I can't wait to watch it.' Hayden had installed a programme on her laptop that let them record the screen in real time, so afterwards they could go back and watch everything from the videocall's perspective, including everyone's shocked reactions. 'Should we go do it now?'
Maria chuckled and got to her feet, pulling him up with her. 'No come on, if we do that we'll never get out of bed again. Let's go for a run, we've been sitting down all day.'
'Aww, but I won't be able to think of anything else until I see it.'
'Patience darling, patience. The build-up will make the reward even sweeter, trust me. And babe?' Maria slapped her butt as she walked to put on her trainers. 'I'm not wearing any underwear, and to be honest these shorts are a little bit see through...'
'Oh yeah?'
'Yeah, so come on. I'll let you run behind me the whole time.'
'Well, as a compromise I suppose that will do.'
*****
Two days later and Maria was bored again. Hayden was working late, buried deep in some spreadsheets, and she had reached the conclusion that she'd read every book and seen every movie known to man. She was procrastinating so hard that she decided to take out the trash, just to have something to do. As usual in the evenings she was wrapped in her robe, and even though it was slightly transparent she had become comfortable wearing it in the complex's corridors whenever she had to nip out to pick up a delivery or make the trek to the garbage room. Tonight she had a better idea though, so after leaving the trash bags by the front door she went to find one of Hayden's t-shirts from his closet, choosing one of the awful graffiti covered, hole ridden ones that he insisted were cool. She despised him wearing them so she picked out her least favourite one, with large gashes down the side and frayed hems, and changed into it. The bottom came to just below her crotch, but it threatened to ride up her butt when she walked, so it was perfect. She picked up the plastic bags, her phone and key card clutched in one hand, and shoved open the door.
Their building had a couple of communal rubbish rooms where you'd chuck your trash into large chutes, and their nearest one was a floor down. Maria was lazy so she walked down the corridor, dragging the heavy bags along, and took the lift down to the next hallway. She didn't pass anyone else, most people were confined to their flats these days for obvious reasons, and soon she was pushing open the door to the waste disposal area. Inside she heaved the bags into the chute, then after a quick nip back to the doorway to look up and down the corridor she went back in and pulled off the shirt. With her heart beginning to pound she nervously shifted on the spot as she pulled out her phone and facetimed Hayden.
He immediately picked up and glanced down at her in confusion as he continued to type at his computer. 'What are you doing? You ok?'
Maria kept the phone pointing in such a way that she was only visible from the neck up. 'Just putting out the trash.'
'Umm, great? What happened, need help?'
'No silly, I just wanted you to know what I'm finally getting rid of this monstrosity, for your own good.'
'What?'
Maria flipped the camera to reveal Hayden's top bunched in her hand, then without any hesitation she threw it into the chute, losing it forever.
'What the hell? Maria I like that one, what are you-'
Maria's face appeared back on the screen and she giggled nervously, partly due to her nudity and partly due to his look of genuine disappointment.
'Hayden-'
'Like why, I'm here stressed out of my mind and these are the games you play-'
'Babe-'
'I know you didn't like it but they're retro-'
'Oh my god.' Maria gave up and pointed the phone down at her body, and finally the penny dropped for Hayden.
'Oh my word.'
'Yep.'
'Now I get it.'
'Finally.'
'You're in the trash room?'
'Yes!'
'Babe if this is the payoff then please feel free to throw away all of my clothes, any of them, I don't need them anymore it's fine-'
Maria was starting to get jumpy and so for her own amusement she abruptly cut the call, ready to begin the dash back to their apartment. Once more the hall was clear so she ran down it towards the lifts, but paused as she reached for the button. Was this wise, well relatively speaking. If someone was in the elevator when it arrived then there would be nowhere to hide. It would be much, much safer to use the stairs. Much more boring though... Before she could stop herself Maria pressed the button and then jumped as the doors immediately began to open. Of course though, the lift was still there from where she'd used it a few minutes earlier. Maria laughed at her stupidity and stepped inside, curling her toes as her feet hit the cold metal floor. She briefly flirted with the idea of going to a different floor, but thought that might be pushing her luck too far. Instead she decided to be sensible, again relatively speaking, and watched her nude reflections in the mirrors with delight as the lift began to ascend.
A few seconds later and the speaker informed her that they had indeed arrived, and the doors slid smoothly open to reveal a young woman, dressed up warm with her scarf wrapped around the lower half of her face, typing on her phone. As her heart stopped, there was a moment where Maria stood before her as yet unnoticed, and she had to decide in a split second whether to desperately try to cover herself up, or try and brazen it out. For some strange reason she felt weirdly confident. It was just the two of them here, as far as she could tell, despite this being her floor she didn't recognise the girl, and seeing as she wasn't ashamed of her body it was really the woman's fault if she felt any awkwardness about the situation. So, with her head held high and her body out on full display, Maria stepped forwards and the girl looked up from her screen to notice for the first time the naked person in front of her. Maria made eye contact and nodded hello, but received no response as the women turned slowly and watched Maria walking away, back towards her flat. She stayed frozen to the spot, spell bound by the bare butt sauntering away from her, but then the lift dinged again and rather reluctantly she had to jump inside before the doors closed, leaving Maria alone once more.
Her heart was now pounding with adrenaline as she stalked down the hall, Jesus she loved that thrill, the excitement of being seen. She desperately needed to get back inside and take care of the tingling sensation between her legs, but when she reached the door she noticed to her surprise the pair of handcuffs that they'd used a few times lying on the floor. She had more pressing issues to deal with so she put her card to the lock, but it refused to click open. She tried the handle but no, Hayden had bolted it shut from the inside, only he could let her in.
'Hayden.' Nothing. 'Hayden I know you're watching me through the peep hole, let me in.'
'Look down.' His voice was muffled but she could still hear the smug smile in his voice.
'The handcuffs?'
'Yep, put them on.'
'For fuck's sake.' Maria wasn't in the mood to waste time though so she bent down and picked them up, wrapping one band round her wrist and snapping it shut.
'No, not in front of you, behind your back.'
'Are you kidding...' Maria awkwardly fiddled behind her and managed with difficulty to get the other hand in, then looked with exasperation at the small glass lens in the door. 'Happy?' This was a new level of exposure, locked out completely nude in a corridor with her arms trapped behind her, leaving no way of covering up if someone came by. She felt amazing.
'Yes.' Finally she was let in and she burst into the flat, immediately looking around in confusion as for some reason all of their lights were off, it was almost pitch black.
'Did we have a power cut?'
'Nope.' Hayden gripped her bound hands and used them to guide her through the kitchen and to the living room, reaching out to unlock the door to the balcony.
'Umm babe?' The only other time they'd been out here without clothes was in the thick mist which meant they were invisible. This time it was a clear cool night, and she could easily see down to the pavement below. Also this time she was the only naked one, Hayden was still in his work clothes.
'It's night, our lights are off. No one will see.'
'I'm not sure that's true.' She didn't try to stop him though as he authoritatively led her outside, the cold evening air instantly hitting her skin. He nudged her right to the edge and pushed her into the railing, letting her lean over with her breasts dangling down and look around. Several floors below them was the paved square between their set of flats and the ones opposite, and it was lit with yellow streetlights who's light reached up to their level and faintly illuminated them. It was quiet out but there was still a guy walking along the path towards them, and Maria could see cars passing by the adjacent road. As long as no one glanced up, they'd be fine. As for the apartments across from them, she just had to pray no one was looking their way.
Hayden released the pressure on her back and she turned round to face him, reaching up on her toes for a long, deep kiss. She looked into his eyes and grinned. 'Shall we?'
'One more thing.' Hayden reached into his pocket and pulled out the blindfold.
'You're such a bad man...' Maria let him slip it over her eyes and then she felt her head being shoved down. She readily dropped to her knees and waited as she heard his flies being unzipped, then felt the tip of his dick press into her lips. As she began to give him head she wondered how the hell she'd reached the point where she was not just willing to do this sort of thing, but actually adored the exposure and risk so much. The fact that she couldn't tell if anyone was watching them made the deed even more sensuous, she had never felt more alive. Never that was until Hayden guided her up and spun her round, presenting her front to the opposite flats again. She gasped as he slipped into her and began to pound her from the back, using her arms and the glass balcony wall as leverage. She had no control and wouldn't have wanted it any other way, but she did her best to thrust her hips back into his to let him get in as deep and powerfully as possible. The thwacking of her skin against his trousers got louder and louder as she realised he was staying dressed to make her feel as vulnerable as possible, knowing she'd love it.
Hayden reached round to grab her throat, choking her with an intoxicatingly strong grip, then he rolled her around and pushed her away from him, making her spine arch back over the metal railing and casing her head to hang backwards leaving her pointing down into the darkness. He continued to pin her by her neck as he slid back inside her, and her breasts were flung up and down as her body flopped back and forth like a rag doll. She desperately wanted to cry out but she knew she had to be quiet, their heavy breathing was already making too much noise. She wondered if anyone was secretly watching from their window, or looking up from the road below. Maybe people were starting to gather together to spy on them, maybe some of them were pulling out their phones...
'Oh shit!' Suddenly Hayden pulled out and pulled her back upright. Maria still couldn't see or cover up so she just stood there, naked and sweaty, alarmed at the panic she'd heard in her partner's voice.
'What? Hayden, what?' She heard him zipping himself back up and then she felt his hand on her arm as she was dragged hurriedly back inside.
'We got caught. Shit, dammit.' Hayden swore anxiously as he led her back through the kitchen, pulling off her blindfold so she could glance behind and see what had happened. This time she could see the living room clearly as it was bathed in light, light originating from the flat opposite which was now fully illuminated. Silhouetted in front of the glow was their neighbour, standing at his window, looking straight at them. Maria only had a moment to take the situation in as her line of vision was soon broken by Hayden pulling her into the safety of the bedroom. 'Fuck, I'm sorry Maria, I guess we pushed it too far.'
She didn't say a word, just looked down at him with an expressionless face as he found the key to her handcuffs and started to fiddle with the tiny lock.
'No one had seen us, I swear, but then suddenly the lights came on and he was just there, staring. I don't know how long he'd been there, I could have sworn the flat was empty when we first went out.'
Maria's hands were finally free again and she rubbed her wrists to get some feeling back into them. So this was it, after the delivery guy, the Cassandra chick, her work meeting and the corridor girl, Hayden and Maria had inevitably pushed it just one step too far, and been caught screwing in public by a stranger. The humiliation, the shame, the guilt, the self-loathing, the fear, all of the emotions that should have been flooding through Maria's mind at that moment were all strangely absent. She only had one major concern, and that was neither her nor Hayden had finished...
Hayden was sitting on the side of the bed, head in his hands, as he rued their stupidity. Maria however went to the closet and pulled out the pair of face masks that she'd insisted they buy for their online shenanigans.
'I'm really sorry he saw you like that too, god. I just thought the handcuffs would be hot, I know you like being out of control - what are you doing?'
Maria turned back to him and smiled, the two disguises hanging from her finger. 'Well, I was thinking, what's the worst he can do?'
Hayden looked completely lost. 'What?'
'If you see two people shagging on a balcony, why turn on the lights? Either one, you want to let them know you're there, or two you want to improve your view. Or maybe, both.'
'You're not saying...'
'So what's the worst he could do? The only thing I can think of is start filming us, but that's never been a problem because we've got these.'
'You're insane. What if he calls the police.'
Maria smiled, and remembered the way the neighbour had looked at her from his window in the past. 'I'm pretty sure he won't. And to be honest, it's a risk I'm willing to take.'
'What is someone else sees? It's way more obvious now.'
'Again, a risk I'm willing to take...'
'But what if-'
Maria cut him off and dropped to her knees, putting a hand to his trousers and giving him a squeeze. As she suspected, he was still rock hard. 'Hayden baby, it feels like you're willing to take the risk too. Now come on...' She fished out his erection again and stroked him gently, looking down lovingly at his dick. 'You know you want to.' She saw in his eyes that she was right, so she gave him his mask, which he silently slipped on. 'Good boy.' That made him twitch, so she gave him one last kiss on the tip and then stood up, pulling him by his shaft as she led him back towards the balcony.
*****
Ten minutes later a cum drenched Maria and a spent Hayden staggered into their bathroom, both shaking slightly at the knees. The extra excitement provided by their unexpected voyeur had easily been all the stimulation they'd needed to get off very quickly, and Hayden unloading onto Maria's breasts as she knelt in front of him had been their most intense moment as a couple ever, by a mile. They'd waved goodbye to the guy as they left, who didn't reply and just simply turned off the lights again, plunging them all into darkness. They turned on the shower and jumped in to wash each other clean, lathering each other's bodies with foam as they teased and tickled each other. Maria wondered what would be next for them. Would tonight be a final warning of the insane risks they were taking, a sign that they needed to reign things in for good? Or would they wake up tomorrow as horny as ever, scheming up new ideas to push the boundaries even further, to search for more exposure and more danger? She honestly didn't know, all she was sure of was that in this moment she was happy, tired, sore and a bit bruised, but happy.
'Hayden?'
'What.' Her boyfriend kissed her and then moved down to her neck, then to her boobs.
'Wait, wait, seriously.'
He stopped and looked at her, smiling contentedly. 'Yes?'
'I hate lockdown.'
'Same Maria, same.'
'But I loved tonight.'
'Me too.'
'And I can honestly say, there's no one else in this world that I'd rather be stuck inside with than you.'
Hayden beamed and pulled her into a tight, soapy, naked embrace. 'I can absolutely one hundred percent say the same.'
Maria enjoyed the feeling of his body pressing into hers, but then he broke off and reached for the conditioner.
'So next up I've been thinking right, what if we make the fire alarm "accidentally" go off, right at the time that you're in the bath. So then you'd panic and run out...'
As Hayden outlined his next crazy idea Maria just stood there, the warm water flowing down her curves, and smiled. Whatever happened next, whatever they got up to, it didn't really matter. As long as they were together, she knew she would love every moment.
The end.