"Lou, would you help me with an April Fools prank on my husband? It's kind of risqué, so right up your alley."
"Depends. Do I get a piece of my friend, Bud? After last year's stunt at the party, I couldn't think of anything bold enough. What have you got in mind?"
"Well, you know how he always wants to watch when I 'accidently' flash somebody. I'm thinking about an extended flash, with proof, when he's not around. He should also think my tits were out and fondled by a stranger. That should make him a little jealous and his prick hard."
"That sounds like a tall order, Bea. Do I get to be with you when your tits are out and fondle them too? You know I love the big girls."
"You get to take photos to prove I did it. I don't know about fondling them. I'm thinking of getting a huge tattoo on or near my tits, but they'll really just be wet transfers so they will only last two days or so. I want him to think they are permanent tats that I'll have to show off to anyone who asks about them. Letting him think any stranger can see and handle my tits anytime and anywhere should get him going. You know him well, so what do you think?"
"So, you know the 'show me' rule and agree to follow it. I suppose it depends on what and where you put something. Are you thinking flowers, cats or what?"
"His favorite car is his old Triumph TR3. So what if I had that on my abs with my nipples for headlights? Can you picture that?"
"Your tits I can picture, but aren't your nipples the wrong color? Suppose we get a rear or top view with your nipples as tail lights? Top view is better, and bigger. Let me find an image online and I'll check out some TAs, tattoo artists, for you. There must be a half dozen within five miles. It may take a day or two to get the right image and the right guy. We have a week. You plan the Poisson d'Avril, umm April Fools, party. I'll get back to you ASAP."
"Thanks, Lou. He's going to be so upset! Sweet."

###

Two days later, Lou called Bea with the news. "Bea, I found a guy and brought him a TR3 rear image. He says he needs to see you to measure you to draw an image that fits right. Can you come meet me at the place on fourth and Green now?"
-gulp- "Right now? Measure me? Why?"
"Something about the car proportions so the tail lights line up with your body."
"Hmm. OK. Makes sense, I guess. I'll be right down."This is going to be embarrassing.
The place was well lit and clean -- not what Bea expected. The tattoo area was five steps up and separated from the waiting area by a shear curtain. She could clearly see a woman getting her nipples pierced through the curtain. Bea told a heavily inked receptionist woman that André asked her to come in for a 'fitting.' When she called out for André, a slim young man came out to greet Bea. He too was heavily inked on arms and chest, had short dreads, and was stooped over -- probably from too many hours hunched over to ink clients.
"You name Bea, yes? Come up stairs with me." He led Lou and Bea up the five steps and pulled aside the curtain, leaving the nipple piercing exposed to the six people waiting below.
"Should I close the curtain?" asked Bea.Lotta good that'll do. Hmm, her tits are so small, but her nipples are tall and hard.
"No need. Clients all waiting for pierces too, with boyfriends so not shy. Here, step up on platform, pretty lady. Take off top and bra." Lou smiled and pulled out his phone. "You OK with pictures, princessa?"
Bea scanned the room with wide eyes as Lou took a clothed photo of her and the TA. She hesitated, then shrugged -- staring at the tits in plan view -- and pulled her yellow tank top over her head. As she handed it to Lou, she reached back to unclip her bra and blushed at the idea of fully exposing the girls in such a bright room with so many strangers nearby. She gulped and handed Lou her bra without betraying how much she enjoyed her casual exposure. Her DD tits swung freely as André stared with no reaction.
When she straightened her back, André mumbled about her one smooth nipple with the other puckered and folded over. "Nipples nicely centered, help with ink." He held up an image of a TR3 and rotated it, moved it against then away from her tits. He reached out and casually pinched and twisted her soft nipple as Lou took photos. Bea gasped, then noticed André's slacks begin to bulge which helped her nipple thicken and grow hard. She smiled as she looked at the waiting clients staring at her. André measured several areas: nipple to nipple; clavicles to nipples; nipples to navel.
"OK. Now remove rest of clothes," demanded André. He fumbled with the fastener and zipper on her tight, white shorts, then spread her fly. She grabbed it and slapped his hands away.
"Why do you need me naked? The car may just reach my navel." André seemed to take offense.
He practically shouted, "You ask DaVinci to paint on almost covered canvas? No. He need see whole canvas, like me. I need see angles, how body and nipples shift. Is important, or image not work. You want this done? Then take off clothes."
Bea stared at the slovenly artist and reconsidered. Was the prank worth getting naked in public? What would Bud think about that? But then, that was the heart of the prank. She wanted him to miss seeing her expose herself to strangers. Thinking of showing her snatch to this André bohemian and Lou began to excite her, not to mention all the waiting strangers. Lou would take some racy photos to really crank Bud. When she saw her swelling camel toe in the full mirror, she decided. "OK. But let me do it."
André stepped back as she wiggled her tight shorts off. Her panties dropped to bisect her landing strip and she didn't adjust them. Lou took a selfie of them with his hand on her panties, then lifting a mighty tit. When she passed the shorts to Lou, she noticed André's slacks were well tented. She felt her pussy moisten as she began to wonder if he were bigger than her Bud and how could she get him to show her.
Bea began teasing her panties down then pulling them back up. She watched André's covered cock surge. She bent over sharply and dropped her panties, held her position to give Lou a chance to look at her ass, the blue bejeweled anal plug, and her damp pussy from the rear. When she realized that the other TA and the woman getting her nipples pierced behind her also had the same full moon and pussy view. She squeaked.
Finally stepping out of her panties and kicking them to Lou, she felt so naughty, so dirty, stripping naked in front of Bud's close friend and so many strangers without Bud there. Though she was proud of her slim waist and sexy curves, this was one of the few times she got to show off for just herself.
"Very nice. Spread legs, yes. Pretty pussy you have too." André reached out and pushed her hood up and back. "Already wet, nice clit, grow fast." He shifted her clit left and right several times. If she didn't know better . . . He rolled her wet labia open, slid two fingers deep inside and rocked her clit with his thumb. Bea gasped and tried to stop him, but closed her eyes instead -- it felt too good to stop. "Good response. Nipples and clit shift. You see, friend?"
Yes. Lou saw and took photos as his cock grew and André began seriously fingering Bea. She thrust her hips against his fingers and leaned on Lou. Her chest began to flush from naval to clavicles. She wasn't the only one getting aroused. Lou took her nipple in his mouth and licked, sucked, and bit it. She felt other hands spread her cheeks and twist the anal plug out of her ass, then in, then out, then in. . . . Lou managed a selfie of the three of them bringing Bea to a trembling orgasm. The euphoria of surrendering to orgasm at the whim of two strangers and a friend was too much. Her knees began to buckle.
As her jaw locked and she had a shuddering orgasm, André held her up by her flooded pussy while Lou stayed clamped on her stiff nipple and the other TA held her firm ass. They slowly let her lie gasping on her back, knees spread wide, feet on the floor. André measured her nipple span as her flattened tits sought her pits. When she caught her breath, André took more measurements: navel to clit; navel to sternum; across her chest under her tits; the length of her pussy slit. "OK. Done today. You come back in two days, April 1, 10 a.m. and we do your ink." He pushed two fingers deep into the recovering pussy and leaned forward. "Goodby, little pussy. We see you again soon." He twisted his fingers out making her gasp and smile.
"W-w-wait. Why can't you do it now? I'm here and naked for you. Why did you finger me again? So many questions. Why did you measure my slit? Do you make all women cum when they just want a tat?"
"Yes, so many questions. We must make sketch from photo and tat must fit body well, so I measure what is and what might shift. Done, I am." He stormed off in a huff. Bea watched all eyes below scan her sexy, wet pussy almost as if posing for them before wiping up her draining cum and dressing while they watched. Heart racing, confidence boosted, she realized she was having so much more fun preparing to prank Bud than she expected. Lou's cock throbbed as he took more photos.
Two days later, April 1stor Poisson d'Avril, Bea and Lou arrived at 10 sharp. The smiling receptionist nodded and Bea walked up to the posing platform. Wearing a blue tank top and jean mini skirt, no bra or panties, she easily and quickly stripped even before André arrived. Lou took photos of every step. She shocked Lou when he realized that while showing off her shapely legs walking in public in a mini skirt and spikes, she was without panties. Clients began arriving and staring at the beautiful, naked woman posing above them.
André arrived with a large transfer form. That's when she noticed the dark sphere in the ceiling. "Have you been recording me today and in my last visit when you made me cum? Is that legal?"
He looked up and shrugged. "Security camera is on all night only, but boss can turn it on anytime. Sign by entrance tell of video recording. Nipples hard, good, I check transfer for fit." Only the TR3 outline, taillights, and chrome elements were on the transfer. André aligned the lights with her nipples and smiled at the fit. He made marks on her skin with a blue pen. "Now lie on back so I see how far nipple-lights spread."
Bea eyed him suspiciously then got down. André pushed her knees apart and stood between them. He made different blue marks around her nipples and navel. "Nipples soft, Lou, you help get hard, but keep them dry?" He took more photos from a nearby platform before getting down. As Bea watched closely, he twirled a nipple then pinched and pulled it.
"Only one getting stiff. Come here and rub this bud." Lou pushed her knees far apart as two other TAs and the receptionist found work to do up close. He knelt and took a knees-high view of Bea's gaping, damp pussy before sliding two fingers into her and taking another photo. As he began deep fingering her, all eyes were on her squishing pussy and she loved it. When her pulse, clit, and breathing increased, her nipples hardened and André marked around them. All cocks nearby swelled and lurched.
Bea gasped, "You boys seem to be outgrowing your jeans. Why don't you take them off so I can help you relieve your problem. No fucking, so I can take three of you on." Lou, André, the receptionist, and another TA stripped quickly at the offer. She took Lou's and the other TA's cocks in hand and slowly jerked them. André moved to her face and she carefully examined his cock. "You look slightly bigger than my Bud. Why do you have 'PEN' inked on your cock?"
As he slid his growing cock into her hungry mouth, he said, "Not 'PEN,' it say 'PENNSYLVANIA BORN.' Swallow it all." She gulped and helped it into her throat until all but the final 'N' was visible. Lou took that photo, then rolled a nipple.
The receptionist was slim, well inkedallover, even on her hefty tits. She twisted two fingers into the soaked pussy in front of her as well as her own wet, inked pussy. Breathing deeply, she smiled as she lapped and circled Bea's clit.
As Bea began thrusting her pussy and clit harder onto the woman's fingers and mouth, she felt the stranger began fucking her ass with her bejeweled anal plug. Lou struggled to take a series of photos including everyone. Bea flushed and began lurching, screaming around the muffling cock in her mouth and quivering. Three men erupted within seconds of each other. She aimed the two in her hands at her tits as André's cock filled her belly with his strongly pulsing cum. He leaned forward and lapped up Lou's cum from her tit.
In a rare event, she squirted on the receptionist's face. Smiling, she marshaled and ate Bea's cum before moving to Bea's gasping, emptied mouth and Frenched it, sucking and lapping André's stray cum. Bea's resistance crumbled and she tasted her own cum on the woman's face and mouth. Both breathing hard, Bea thought her delightful fun was over until the receptionist threw a shapely, thin leg over her face and squatted. "Payback is only fair, my dear. I warn you, I squirt too." Lou continued to take photos.
"I don't eat pussy," said Bea fruitlessly. Powerful musk flooded her nostrils as the sweet and tangy taste of female cum flooded her face. She took a cautious lap of the gaping, wet pussy on her lips and savored it. She took a deeper lap and sighed. The intoxicating flavor made her a convert. As her tongue vibrated the clit above her, her finger probed deep into the drenched pussy and guided her cum into Bea's mouth. When Bea managed to nudge the well-basted G-spot above her, the receptionist kept her promise and squirted a powerful stream onto Bea's face and into her mouth. Both women moaned and came again as the 'cowgirl' dismounted. Lou took photos of the drenched women and closeups of the fresh pussy. André lapped Bea's face and shared the fresh cum with Bea.
Several minutes later, remembering the prank, André had Bea sit up and noted how far her nipple-lights had strayed. He had her lie back and confirmed the best place to put the tail lights. After inking the transfer, he had the other, still naked TA, assist and pressed the transfer in place. With the outline done, he began painting her body and filling in the car body with colored hemp. When Bea asked about it, he said, "Simple transfer not last full day if you dress. Hemp no last like ink, but resists wear and should last six weeks."
"Six weeks? No. We have a college graduation pool party in two weeks. I can't show this to family and strangers. I only needed it for tonight's party to shock my husband."
Lou said, "You don't think all these photos won't shock him? I have to show him ALL of these. Imagine his face when he sees you strip the first time and let your TA help you cum. Or your quick strip today and all that happened, cum face."
André said, "Too late to cancel now, car ink is done. Just two little things now that nipples are soft." He used red hemp ink to paint her nipples quickly then fingered her clit and carefully watched her nipples tighten as she moaned her acceptance. She easily came again. Once she was still, André painted the final details: twin chrome vertical bumpers; small light between her tits; chrome trunk handle; hinges; filler cap; tail pipe; edges of the rear tire and wire wheel were the last touches to the stylish car.
"Now we done, yes?" proudly boasted André. Bea looked in the mirror and the ink she said she wanted. A tear formed as she accepted that she was stuck with the painting for six weeks.
"Bea, as long as you're stuck with this, why don't we ramp it up? I've been thinking of what message would really get him going. How about 'This, Bud, is for you, Lou' like the old beer ads, but we draw an arrow down to touch your clit bud," Lou pleaded.
Bea shrugged. It didn't matter now. Would the clit touch make a difference? Lou asked if André could do it freehand in a gothic style to make it slow to read. André agreed. He asked Bea to lie down and got between her splayed legs. He painted 'This BUD is for you Lou' and added the arrow.
But her bud was hidden once more. He put down the brush and slid two fingers into her still wet pussy one more time. "Oh no. Not again?" squirmed Bea. She resisted, yet her bud came out like it was Groundhog Day. Once it was hard and tall, André painted a two-ring target around it, then continued to finger fuck the tired beauty until she orgasmed again. He shielded her wet clit as he drank her cum, licked her sweet pussy, and stroked himself.
Forced to decided between filling her pussy or her mouth, he ran around to her face. "You asked 'no fucking' so please, you drink again?" Still fretting over the six-week penalty, she opened her mouth and sucked his PEN in as he filled her with the last of his cum.
Bea got up and checked the inking in the mirror. The other TA suggested a simple tat on her ass. Since she had the blue anal plug in, he added, "Why not paint a W on each cheek making it read WOW?" Lou and André liked it, Bea didn't care. "Bea, you can figure how to make that read MOM instead."
Bea checked it in a double mirror. That's when she saw a problem. "That script in front is wrong! You left out the commas and that changes the whole meaning. I'm not sure Bud will see that as a joke. Can you fix it?"
André looked closely. "No. Is not enough room between letters. Sorry. Is big joke anyway. Will be all right." Bea wasn't convinced. The party was in a few hours.

###

Bud called to say he was running late and would join Bea at the party. That let her dress alone in a high front, backless and short LBD which hid her surprise ink. When she joined her group of thirty, she quickly began drinking to settle her nerves. An hour later, Bud was still missing when Lou announced he had invited a special guest. He introduced a local tattoo artist, André. With a smattering of applause, André, in long sleeves hiding his ink and dressed neater and cleaner than earlier, but still in twisty dreads, stood in front of the PC table and bowed. This shocked Bea. She glared at Lou, silently demandingWhat's he doing here?
Lou looked away from the swarm of eye knives coming from her and said, "Bud is further delayed, so he will get his April Fools prank revealed later. There's no reason we should have to skip it. Behold!" He pressed a flash drive into a PC, started an album viewer and 'cast' the images to a big screen TV. The very first one horrorfied Bea -- it showed her fully dressed on the TA platform. She knew what was coming and cumming.
The carefully crafted show was an edited video of all her time on the TA platform with explicit stills merged into the show. It got worse as they all saw her strip off her top and set her girls free. Giddy reactions and smiles encircled the room.
It got worse when the photos showed Lou holding up a tit, the TA fingering her to orgasm through to the next visit when she stripped comfortably naked and handled three cocks and another's pussy, then swallowed André's PEN cock again. She glowed with embarrassment and was glad her husband wasn't there yet to see her terrible prank. Several close ups of her swollen and soaking pussy floated on and off the screen, with and without fingers and tongues filling it. A closeup of another pussy squirting on her face drew gasps. It ended with zooming in to her ass showing a close up of herWOWtat, including her blue anal plug.
André stood up front, stiff tent in plain sight. He called Bea to stand with him. "I see other men enjoy Bea's prank with pants saluting her. Covered in small dress, you not see my work. If anyone want see it live, you must ask." Bea was aghast. She tried to leave but Lou and André blocked her. "She agreed to rule. If you ask, she must show." The crowd roared varied demands.
Bea covered her face when she felt André unclip her top as Lou unzipped her bottom. When the top fell away, the TR3 image with bright red tail lights on hard nipples appeared. The crowd applauded, further embarrassing Bea. The chromed parts seemed to glow in the spotty light. "There's more," Lou added. "Maybe my personal favorite part. You want to see it?"
The group shouted, "Show me." Lou and André tugged her dress to the floor, leaving her in just her mini panties. In curved gothic letters was the sentence,This Bud is for you Louwith an angled arrow pointing into her panties. Bea gasped while secretly enjoying beingforcednaked in front of friends. Lou and André slid her panties down to join the dress puddled around her feet. Now fully naked, everyone saw the arrow pointing into her swelling pussy, but not the target bud.
Lou squatted down with his phone and cast the video image to the big screen as André helped her high step out of her clothes, spread her legs far apart so Lou could capture her gaping, damp, pussy, then pulled back her hood to help her growing clit appear with its two circles. "Beautiful," André whispered. Bea was on the verge of an orgasm. She no longer cared that she was the show; she just needed to cum, even if they all watched.
"Wait. I get to call for tats too. So André, take off your jacket and show us your ink." He smiled confidently as if he expected this. When he took off the jacket, Bea was surprised that he had no ink on his arms. "What!? Take off your shirt and show us your inked chest." He did, yet again there were no tats. "You all saw his tats on the video. How can they come off? André, show us your PEN tat on your cock." She grinned.
He shucked his slacks, no tats; when he dropped his briefs and stood naked in front of them, he proudly showed her and the group his PEN ink and stood akimbo as it grew more letters. "Aha. See that? Too painful to scrub that off, André?"
"Ah no, princessa." His accent suddenly gone, he added, "I wanted to save this for you as I knew you would demand proof, my love." As he lifted his dreads wig, Bud pointed his cock at the crowd and took a bow. Bowing to his wife, he added, "This cock is for you, Boo! And APRIL FOOL! Gotcha."
Bea's eyes grew, she gasped and looked back at a grinning Lou and her naked husband. Not sure what to do, she stood frozen as her nipples and clit grew as hard as they'd ever been. "I've been in on the reverse prank since the beginning. Why do you think I took so many photos? I did love our nude time together. Now it's time to claim my last two rewards, besides my copy of this show," said Lou. Both men lifted her and laid her on the table with her knees at the edge. Lou moved between them and pushed them apart. As he cast her gaping pussy on the TV, he noticed several cocks appear in the crowd with wives or lovers encouraging them to grow. "This bud's for me," he said as he knelt and licked her wet pussy. Her nectar was divine.
Bud watched his friend lap his wife's juices, swirl his tongue around her stiff clit, and suck it. Bea lurched, took Bud's cock in hand and slowly stroked it as Lou brought her closer to orgasm with his fingers deep in her welcoming pussy. "Honey, is this the same cock I slid into my throat and savored your cum? I want it there again. Then I want you to fuck me, here."
The image of cumming on Lou's face for her friends while Pennsylvania Born disappeared deep into her throat, brought her to her first public orgasm. Bud signed that they should swap. Lou tossed his clothes aside as he moved toward Bea's face. On the way, he lifted and sucked a great, tit with a hard red nipple. Bea moaned as he nibbled and sent jolts to her clit.
Bud knelt and examined his wife's soaked and red pussy with his fingers. When he rotated and slid his fingers up, he surrounded her tender G-spot and gently made it shift. Her moans got louder and deeper, but not loud enough to drown out the moans from the crowd. He stood and lifted her legs straight up then toward her chest so all could see the wordMOMon her smooth ass. He twisted the anal plug a few times and debated fucking her ass for the first time, but decided that should be private.
He gave Lou a 'thumbs up' and Lou slipped his stiffness into Bea's mouth. She happily sucked it then easily drew the thinner but longer cock into her throat. As Lou began publically face fucking his friend's wife, Bud finally sank the head of his cock in up to the PENN. As she sucked Lou's cock, she pulsed her pussy on her husband's. He picked up speed and soon got the last N hidden in her pussy and held it steady, enjoying her velvety warmth. Lou had a similar, tighter feeling from her throat.
She wanted to feel both lovers cum in her together, so she waited for her Bud to resume. Natural instincts took over and Bud began gasping, pounding her pussy, and rubbing her clit. She knew if she squeezed her pussy hard she could get Bud cumming. When she felt him tense, she hummed on Lou's cock and squeezed her throat.
Bud came first, finally filling her hungry pussy with fresh, hot, man juice. She lurched and relished Lou's hot cum directly filling her belly. When he was nearly done, she pulled him into her mouth for a savory taste of their friend and her muscles spasmed, her whole body trembled in orgasm and made her lovers simultaneously groan.
As they caught their breaths, they noticed most of the couples were naked and fucking. Leaving their clothes behind, the three lovers stepped around loving bodies on the way to their bedroom. Eyes gleaming, they all cried, "Best Poisson d'Avril party ever!"
"What are we going to do at the pool party coming up? Should we plan on a repeat performance or do I go get a one-piece swim suit to cover everything?" In answer, the men each took a tail light in mouth and imitated the edited video all night.