Brian and Robyn are on their way to Scotland to see White Tailed Eagles. They decide to take the scenic route and fuck at every opportunity.
Unfortunately the author's mathematical skills do not match those of Brian and Robyn. There is no way to get from the South Coast of England to the very top of mainland United Kingdom and back in three parts. I've had to add an additional part. This is now a trilogy in four parts.
"Where to, navigator?"
"Ironbridge OK?"
We arrived in the Ironbridge area late afternoon and parked, off grid, in a trucker's layby. I cooked, Robyn cleared up. We showered together and sat drinking hot chocolate until it was a reasonable time for bed. At 9pm we slipped under the duvet. I put my 'phone within easy reach and noticed that Robyn had done the same.
"Still sore?"
"Aware."
"Snuggle and sleep?"
"Afterwards, I wanna be a porn star, maybe?"
I was very gentle with her. 'Aware' is double speak for 'it is fucking painful!' After opening her up enough I encouraged her to be my production assistant and stroke and suck until I was very close. With that achieved she rolled back, opened wide and I eased the first inch inside.
"Bit more!"
"Sure?"
"Just an inch!"
I had the depth, watched her reaction then knee walked up her body offering my stiff length to her mouth. It opened without hesitation. I was getting very close.
"Facial?" she grinned.
I grabbed my 'phone, she shuffled into a sitting position and swallowed a good half of my length.
"Open mouth money shot!" I directed, "then over your face, covered eye lids good, in your hair better."
She sucked me down and stroked what was left. I started the camera rolling and aimed straight at her smiling face, waited and enjoyed.
"And... Action!"
She was too slow for my first shot. I didn't complain, it went straight down her throat. Second was very nearly perfect, two inches from her open mouth, a long stream of spunk bridged the gap perfectly. The third caught her nostril and the deflected jizz hit her eyelid nanoseconds after she'd closed it. The next was perfect, dead straight, between the eyes. Her delight was infectious. Taking a handful of her long hair she folded it over the end of my pulsing cock and held it hard against her cheek as she milked the remainder onto her beautiful face...
"Do I get the part?" she giggled as my spunk dribbled down her face.
"You haven't finished yet. Don't forget the clean up! Camera's still rolling."
"Oops, sorry Mr. Director Sir."
She started by using her fingers, on both hands, to guide the dripping spunk towards her mouth where the tongue waited eagerly. Little by little she worked her way back up her face as if she was cleaning her car, wash up and rinse down. When she'd completed the bulk of the task she had a wonderful sheen of drying spunk all over her face and forehead. With her face effectively done she reached for her hair and sucked it into her mouth, licking the gloopy globs off of the strands.
"We're going to have a hell of a job washing that out in the morning," I suggested.
"Narrh! We can leave it in for a while. What was that film called? 'Wear his spunk with Pride'?"
"I think you mean 'Carve her name with Pride'?"
"I was thinking of the porn version, French guy? Pretty girl? War time London? Gotta have a porn angle, don't you think?" she giggled, "am I done?"
"Cut! That's a wrap," I laughed, "c'mere, I'll tidy you up."
=== === ===
"Shall I do?"
I looked appreciatively, short dress, long legs and walking boots, with thick socks. Did it for me, no question.
"I can't believe I'm actually going to say this but... leggings? Maybe? I mean every guy with a blood cell in his body is going to love it. Not sure about their girlfriends or wives though. Little boys in their buggy will love it too, are you actually wearing any panties?"
"Yes!" she smirked as she lifted the hem to her waist.
All I'll say is that it was a good job she was totally smooth. Even the smallest of landing strips would have been fully exposed.
"Can you promise me, on oath, not to bend, stretch, twist, turn, walk up any steps or stairs nor any slope of greater than 1%. All of which, I will point out, is impossible here?"
Putting her finger in her mouth like a little girl, Robyn pondered the question.
"Probably not, I shall reassess the wardrobe situation."
After a few further moments of thought she bent, took a good hold on the hem of her short dress and straightened. The little dress rose, as you will have imagined. She pulled it over her head and tossed it lightly back onto the bed.
"'bout this?"
'This' comprised walking boots with thick socks, a small confection that barely covered her slit, with the front supporting strings parting company scant millimeters above her clitty and tracing the crease of her groin halfway to her waist before disappearing completely and... a great big cheesy grin!
"I have visited places where you might even be considered over dressed, unfortunately Ironbridge is not one of them," I said sadly.
She has got the most beautiful body though!
We settled for the long, tight shorts she'd worn the previous day with a pad of folded kitchen roll lined with softer loo roll to protect her still aware pussy from the selvedge. She was bra-less under the tank top. Result? Drop dead gorgeous but nothing untoward on display, if you ignore the exciting, nipple sized, bumps in her top, that is.
For the record, if anybody's interested, I wore my khaki shorts and shirt with millions of pockets and walking boots, with thick socks. At least we dressed similarly, except her shorts were bright red. I could feel the looks of envy as we explored. She was very well behaved, as it happened. Playful, holding my hand and hugging my arm, calling me 'Dad' at every opportunity. We had a wonderful time wandering around and studying everything.
We managed to get back into the same layby that night.
=== === ===
"You still aware, daughter of mine?" I chuckled.
"No Dad," she laughed, "I'm good to go."
"I'm hoping you mean good to cum, Daughter?"
"I do, Dad but you'll have to ration me. Little and often. Don't let me get too greedy. How on earth do female porn stars manage it?"
"Not being a female porn star I can only surmise. Familiarity? Buckets of lube? Maybe their PA uses a 'Big Mac' dildo to warm them up?"
"That a 'Big Mac' with cheese?" she giggled, "I've got a big dildo at home. A 'Rock Harde' like I said, thought it was about your size. I can take all of it but I can't take all of you and it never makes me too sore."
"You use lube?"
"Yeah I do. Can we find a SuperDrug tomorrow? 'spose you don't carry an emergency supply? Just in case?"
"Used to, years ago. The only bird I was looking for this trip was a White Tailed Eagle, not a drop dead gorgeous creature with everything a horny man could wish for, an insatiable appetite for cock AND aspirations to become a porn star in her own right. Note to self -- carry a gallon of lube in future, just in case. How often do you use 'Rock Harde'?"
"Once, maybe twice a week if I'm feeling needy. Gives an incredible orgasm. Sleep like a log after."
"OK, that's settled. You're rationed to one cock induced orgasm until you're used to it, OK?"
"That is one per night? Not counting, fingers, tongues and anything else your wicked, dirty mind comes up with AND only my cunt, right?"
"Agreed, to start with. We can adjust as you adjust."
"I foresee one not so tiny problem with that."
"Which is?"
"My first cum is long before your cock is anywhere near deep inside me. I cum fast and frequent as you well know. You don't. You can fuck for ages before you cum and I want a cunt full of your spunk when I go to sleep. Anyway, how would I get the porn star shot if you don't cum inside me?"
I couldn't help but laugh.
"I want a spunky cunt or I'm not playing!"
"OK, here's what we do. Tonight we play it by ear. You start getting sore we stop. If required you can be my fluffer for the porn shot or we wait until we can do it for real. Tomorrow we get some lube, we need some shopping anyway. Anything else we could use?"
Robyn supped her drink and thought.
"Shoulda brought my selfie stick, maybe get one for you, preferably one with a mini tripod in the handle? Would you want to use a condom when you break my arse in?" she giggled.
"You want me to arse fuck you? You had cock up your arse before? You like being arse fucked?"
"Erm... yes, yes and yes. You obviously weren't listening when I told you I took cock and spunk in all holes? Men! They never listen to what needs a girl might have" she giggled.
"In my defence I think I was just thinking about having your beautiful body up close and personal. The details probably didn't register due to my fertile mind, sorry. We'll get a couple of packets when we get the lube, just in case. The girl on the checkout will have something to tell her mates about, tomorrow evening, that's for sure. You finished your drink? Time for bed?"
=== === ===
We snuggled, kissed and cuddled. She reached down to stroke me and my hand slipped between her parted legs. She was dripping wet when I stroked up her slit. She winced immediately so I stopped. She offered a blow-job as compensation but I told her that just being with her was more than enough. We returned to cuddling and slept soundly.
I awoke first and worked my way carefully out of bed to make coffee without disturbing her. I looked back at her from the sink. Absolutely beautiful. Not a blemish on her skin. Perfectly proportioned. Angelic, butter wouldn't melt in her mouth. I had a flash of deja vu. 'I've seen this before!' Utterly ridiculous! I continued to make the coffee.
Robyn awoke and pulled herself up to lean against the padded back of the 'van. I glanced towards her, enjoying her unabashed display of nakedness. Again that flash. I returned to making the coffee, my mind racing. I'd had a few beautiful women in my 'van over the years. I could tick them off on the fingers of both hands but none came close to Robyn. I decided I was either going mad or my head was telling me what my cock had known since I picked her up, 'this one's a keeper.'
Yeah right!
"Morning Daughter, you look ravishing."
"Morning Daddy, you look horny!"
"I can wait. Another twelve hours is not that long if you think fast."
"What have you got planned for me today, Daddy Dear or is it my turn to excite you?"
"Hopefully it's 50/50 but I've had a thought. Need to make a call after breakfast then into town for essential supplies."
=== === ===
"Where now Daddy?" giggled Robyn as we walked out of Ann Summers.
"Ever been on a narrow boat?"
=== === ===
It wasn't a long drive. Never having been on a narrow boat she seemed genuinely excited as we walked the fifty odd yards along the towpath to the mooring.
"You do realise that me being old and passed it you'll be doing all the grafting? I'll just do the steering?"
"I can do that Daddy. Don't want to wear you out now do I?" she grinned wickedly, "The Blue Lady?"
"Well I could hardly call her the Porn Queen now could I?" I teased.
"But she is yours? Your Porn Queen, I mean Blue Lady?"
I was delighted that she'd identified my boat as a 'she'.
"Yep, she's mine and you are my Porn Queen. A present to myself when I retired. I can wander wherever life takes me by 'van or narrowboat. Pootling along at 4 miles per hour with a beautiful woman is somewhere I'd really like life to take me. You don't mind?"
She threw her arms around me and covered me with passionate kisses.
"We can really rock the boat at night, can't we?"
=== === ===
"Cast off aft!"
"Aye Aye Skipper!"
"Cast off fore. And don't forget to jump aboard."
"Phew! Thought you were going without me!" she laughed as she stepped aboard, "where we headed, Skipper?"
"That way," I chuckled, pointing towards the front.
At 4mph everything is leisurely. It enabled Robyn to rush about like a mad thing, waving at people on the towpath, even saying a polite 'good afternoon' to the wildfowl on the water. She looked beautiful, barefoot, in her short shorts and bikini top. There wasn't a male that didn't walk a lot slower as we passed. After about an hour I suggested that the 'Skipper' might enjoy a cuppa, if his crew could manage to work out how the galley worked. Tea with buttered scones and strawberry jam was served by a naked waitress.
"I've got the crew uniform sorted but couldn't find anything more suitable than skin for a serving wench," she giggled.
Tea was very entertaining both for myself and other travellers both waterborne and land based. Robyn was surprisingly decorous, clearly topless she stood in front of me, on the steps down to the cabin and peeked over the top such that only a hint of the side swelling of her tits was visible from directly behind. As I was standing behind, holding the tiller, the fact that she was also bottomless was sufficiently obscured that the precise degree of undress was left to the imagination.
"Do you think I could get away with giving you a blow-job if I knelt on the steps, Daddy?" she teased after clearing the tea things away.
"In that cubby hole there's the kneeling pad I use when scrubbing the deck and roof."
She found the pad, positioned it and knelt.
"Always wondered why it was called the cock-pit," she sniggered, "s'pose I'd better leave your shorts in position and just fetch your cock out for now?"
"Probably for the best. Could stay naked yourself though, just in case I miss your mouth?"
"Bad Daddy!"
Taking a rapid look around to weigh up any immediate problems I closed my eyes briefly while the little minx fed my cock into her throat. I felt her easing back and smiled. I could take any amount of this, I thought to myself.
"You OK Pops?"
"Never felt better!"
"Maybe you should look where we're a goin', while I'm a blowin'?" she giggled delightedly.
=== === ===
That first evening she insisted on trying a condom covered cock in her arse. Even with masses of lube it was a non starter from the very beginning.
"What am I doing wrong?" she wailed after half an hour of getting nowhere, "I mean I can't even get the floppy bit on the end where your spunk is supposed to get caught, in. It's bloody frustrating and must be much worse for you."
"When was the last time you had a big cock up your arse?" I asked reasonably.
"Well, I've not had a cock as big as yours in my cunt until recently. Small cock? Cock so small it wasn't worth troubling my cunt with? Two, maybe three months?"
"Three months and you expect the cock that you haven't even managed the full length of in your cunt to slip effortlessly into your tight little shitter? It's simply a design flaw that we need to over cum."
"My shitter? That's a bit rude. You've been reading too much D.H. Lawrence" she laughed, "you're saying my shitter is badly designed?"
"Nope! Not at all. It is perfectly designed for its function. Consider, your cunt is designed to take cock in, cocks of all sizes. It is also designed to let babies out, of all sizes. It stretches to accommodate as required then shrinks back to a comfortable size when it's work is done for the night.
Your shitter, on the other hand is designed to prevent leakage and open as required when nature dictates. It is also sufficiently strong to control the product size. It too returns quite happily to it's proper size when all the paper work is completed."
"Turd control!" she giggled delightfully, "but wait a minute, you said you've fucked women's arses. Unless that is not a real cock but a strap-a-dick-to-me where you are able to select the required size, your cock must have been able to be shoved up her arse... How?"
"The three P's I'm afraid. Preparation, Patience and Practice."
"OK, that makes sense. How do I prepare?"
"Maybe I should have put Patience first?" I teased, "pass me the lube and roll onto your tummy."
She passed, rolled and giggled. I picked up a cushion and patted her beautiful bum.
"Lift."
She lifted. I pushed the cushion under her tummy and patted her bum again. She lowered.
"Have I told you that you've got a beautiful bum?" I asked as I allowed my fingers to dance delicately over the delicious curves.
"Ummm, not in the last hour or so," she chuckled, "and you've never done that!"
"Remiss of me. Never done what?"
"Stroked it like that. Feels nice, tingly up and down my spine."
"Don't be daft, 'course I have, loads of times."
"Nope! You've patted it. Swatted it playfully a few times, rubbed your big hands over it a lot and copped more than a few hands full but you've not teased it like you are noowww. Oh... my... god! That's not supposed to feel that good, is it?"
"Better than having a damn great cock-head pushed against it?" I chuckled.
"Ooh god yes! Why haven't you done this before?" she demanded with a chuckle.
"And how long have we been together, exactly?"
"No idea. Seems like it should have been a lifetime."
"Well you're the mathematical genius in the making I'll talk you add... first night by the river, two nights, one each side, of Ironbridge and now here. It's 6:30pm so you can call that the best part of a day."
"Now I'd say the best part of the day is about to begin," she laughed dirtily.
I swatted her delicious bum quite hard.
"Ouch! What was that for?"
"Miss Behaving! How long?"
"Erm... four... days... and three..." she paused, "oh, sweet jesus," she trembled briefly then shuddered as a rapid orgasm raced through her glorious body.
'She really is a keeper!' I chuckled to myself as I waited for her to recover.
"How long?"
"and three nights."
"And in those four days and three nights how many times have you sucked me off?"
"Not enough!" she chuckled.
"How many times have I fucked you?"
"Definitely not enough."
"And how many times have I eaten you out?"
"Brian will you please stop asking silly questions and FUCK ME! NOW"
"I rest my case! Kneel up over the end of the bed."
She knelt. I stood behind. She lined me up. I grabbed her hips and jerked her backwards hard and fast. She screamed and I wondered if we should have closed the portholes.
"Okay?"
"Yessss," she hissed contentedly, "now keep that going as long as you can. I need a spunky cunt before we start preparing dinner and another soon after."
...
"Could you give me a list of things you'd consider to be Miss Behaving?" she murmured quietly as she snuggled into my arms.
=== === ===
Dinner, salad and cold cuts, was served by my personal serving wench on the roof. She wore her Daisy Duke's and one of my very baggy Wife Beater tops. It was way too big for her, leaving a lot of room for her beautiful tits to swing about, which in turn excited her nipples which... it was slightly longer than her dress so panties might have been enough. We enjoyed some pleasant conversations with dog walkers and other pedestrians passing on the towpath.
After clearing up we sat on the fore-deck drinking coffee until the midges drove us inside. By 9:30pm we were showered and in bed. There wasn't a condom in sight but there was a bottle of lube and the smallest butt plug to hand.
"Have you made a start on that list yet?"
"What list... Ooh Miss Demeanours?"
"Thought you said Miss Behaving?"
"Can't I just spank you when we feel like it?"
"I think I'd much prefer when I'd been naughty. Sexy punishment?"
"Knowing you you'd become an unbearable monster. That wouldn't be much fun. Why don't I apportion punishment or otherwise on an accumulative basis? Store up little things, like demanding too much cock or not flashing your tits enough, that sort of thing? You'd know that something was in the offing but not know when or precisely why? I'd put you over my knee or something and spank you? Maybe take a belt to you?"
"You've got a belt?" she asked excitedly.
I paused to think.
"We could probably buy one that you like the feel of, somewhere?"
For the first time since we'd met she allowed me to seduce her. We made soft and tender love before she snuggled into my arms. The lube and the small butt plug stayed exactly where they had been placed, within easy reach.
=== === ===
Breakfast was more in the way of Brunch by the time we finally emerged from our bed. Those boats moored fore and aft of us had long since departed. It was a nice, warm late morning and we brunched on the roof with Robyn in my Wife Beater, with panties beneath. She seemed somewhat distracted.
"Penny for them?"
"Umm, oh, I was trying to remember. I don't think anybody has ever made love to me until last night... and again this morning, twice." she chuckled.
"I can't believe that."
"Really? How much effort did you have to expend to get into my knickers?"
"You weren't wearing any," I chuckled.
"Precisely! I stripped for you, naked within minutes of meeting you. Fortunately you were man enough to take a punt at my cunt. I wanted you and I made damn sure you knew it. Can you think of any guy that would bother to try and seduce me if I made it that obvious? They either fuck me or run like hell."
"You problem being, exactly?"
"I don't do commitment, boyfriends. Seldom do repeat dates. I open my legs, open my mouth and move on."
"Christopher? You sleep with him. Does he just fuck you like the other guys or does he make love?"
"Christopher's just a friend... with benefits. He fucks me, gently."
"Doesn't make love to you energetically?"
"It didn't feel like that. Nothing like last night and this morning."
"As much as I hate to mention it, you do do commitment. You are under contract to me... for 92 days as I remember." I chuckled.
"Yeah! I am, aren't I? Signed that with pussy juice and spunk. No getting out of that, it's watertight," she laughed happily, "so no more love making Mr. Porn Star Director Sir?" she added sorrowfully.
"Nothing in the book that says we can't be lovers."
"Now don't tell me you've got a book on the matter, please?"
"No, I haven't but we could write one, you and me. I can just see it now... 'The Hows, Whys and Wherefores of Sex'. We write nothing on every page and there's nothing in the book to say we can't do anything we please. It'll be a best seller overnight!"
"Brian, you're mad! Tea or coffee? I'm clear up down below while the kettle boils."
I studied the map and the books while I awaited the arrival of my serving wench with our coffees.
...
"You think we could stop a couple of hours up the road just to see if making love in the afternoon is as good as they say it is?"
"Only if your name's not Cecilia. I'm not risking getting up to wash my face and when I come back to bed someone's taken my place."
"No, silly. I've got loads of Beatles tunes on my 'phone. Just call me Karen, I'm a Carpenter."
"We've got two locks ahead of us. Then three a bit further on. We'll stop at the bottom of them, OK?"
"Aye Aye Skipper! Better get a bit respectable then, boy shorts do?" she giggled wickedly.
Boy shorts did very well if one didn't look too closely. Not a lot of guys didn't look too closely.
What with my Wife Beater as well she had no trouble getting help with the first two locks. What with all the exercise she had, managing the opening and closing of the lock gates etc., she decided to strip off once she was aboard. For the next hour or so I had to put up with her sitting in a chair at the bottom of the cock-pit steps, facing me. She sat with legs up on the steps, her sexy shining pussy winking at me and a sultry look on her face.
"See anything you fancy for dinner, Skipper?"
Somehow I managed to keep the prow of the boat away from the banks and the oncoming traffic while she racked up the points or minus points, depending on your point of view. She brought up tea and biscuits while totally naked and chatted to two guys fishing on the bank. She did stay on the cock-pit steps but it was perfectly clear she had nothing on even if they couldn't see the bits they really wanted.
"How'm I doin' Pops?" she giggled as she skipped back down the companion way.
"Can you sleep on your tummy?"
"I can if you're underneath me," she chortled.
We moored for the night a few hundred yards short of the flight. It was too hot to close the portholes.
She didn't need to be told to lay on her stomach nor to put a cushion under her hips. She was ready and waiting when I stepped out of the shower. Even the lube and the butt plug was close to hand. I laughed. Not quite legs wide and a big sign saying 'Fuck Me' so a reasonable start. I swatted her arse, hard!
"Ouch! What's that for?" she giggled.
She then shuddered, her eyes glazed over...
"Don't... bother... to... answer that... just yet! Ohhhh S-H-1-T. That cannot happen every time, can it?"
I didn't bother to answer. I watched delightedly as her body shook and her knees trembled. It was a most beautiful sight to behold. Well worth the tingling in the palm of my hand. That was a hard swat. She slowly calmed.
"OK, you can tell me now... so's I know what to do next time," she smirked.
"Pre-emptive positioning."
"Come again?"
"No, that's your role, frequently. ''spose I wanted to undress you myself? What if I'd wanted to cuddle you and kiss you eh? I had no chance."
"A bit like saying 'here it is, cum and get it'? How many black marks has that earned me?" she grinned.
"None, I've added a few white ones to negate the pile you earned this afternoon. Budge over, I'll need room to work."
"That's just mean," she pouted.
"Think of it as a learning curve."
Getting down onto the bed beside her I inspected her glorious bottom. There was quite a good imprint of my hand beneath the tan.
"Did it hurt?"
"Ummmmm," she replied dreamily.
By way of making amends I stroked my fingers lightly over her entire bottom before paying particular attention to the crack dividing her beautiful orbs.
"Ahrrr, Ooooh. Naughty Daddy!"
Naughty Daddy took absolutely no notice and continued to gently circle her puckered rosebud. I continued until she started to wriggle her bottom enticingly.
"Daddyyyyyy, you're driving me nuts!"
"Thought we established that some days ago?"
"Established what?"
"That you were nuts."
"No, that was mad, sex mad. Anyway why are you talking not doing?"
"Because I'm trying, valiantly, to get you to relax."
"So it's my fault now?"
I picked up the bottle of lube and removed the cap.
"Well I'm pretty much laid back. It's you that's laid front."
"But that's the best way..... Oooo, that's a bit chilly."
"Well if you stopped talking for a while and relaxed I might be able to think of some way of warming it up!"
"Sorry Daddy, my lips are sealed honest Injun."
"Button it!"
"I'll have to remove the zip to button it, Daddy," she giggled wickedly.
Thwack!
"Oohhhh, arrrrrh," she panted, "Ummmmm, oh yesssssss," she sighed.
She shuddered delightfully.
"One to me, Daddy!" she chortled happily, "Oooooh. That feels deliciously naughty. Is that your finger in my bum?"
"No it's the Eiffel Tower, well up to the first knuckle anyway." I teased.
"The Eiffel Tower's got knuckles?" she laughed and her sphincter relaxed.
I eased my finger in a little deeper.
"So I relax when I'm being silly? That could be fun."
"Be so good as to pass me the butt plug, Petal."
"Petal? That's a new one. Where is it?"
"In my hand."
"Silly Da.... Ohhh," she gasped, "second knuckle?"
"As you say, second knuckle."
"The inference being that I am too focused on the sex angle and not focussed enough on the fun aspect?"
"That could well be the case, now would you please take the butt plug from my fingers and hold it up for me?"
She did, with a little giggle.
"Now shall I give it back to you?"
I didn't bother to reply just placed the lube top against the head of the butt plug and squeezed gently.
"Now use a finger and spread that up and down the length."
I applied more which she spread about. After two more light applications the little plug was well lubed.
"This is called team work. A process by which both parties are engaged in the pleasure of preparing one another for pleasure. Now you may pass me the butt plug, base end first, if you please." I asked as I placed the lube bottle to rest in the small of her back and closed the lid.
With my, now free, hand I took the plug by the base and pushed it into the palm of my other hand while still keeping my first finger firmly in place to the second knuckle in her bum hole. I held it securely with two fingers of the same hand. I've had a lot of practice.
I started to work my finger around in circles, opening up the entrance to her arse before taking up the lube once more. Dribbling small amounts of lube around the junction of her opening dark rose and my finger, I moved my finger just a little deeper before backing off again. With a continuous application of lube I carefully widened her entrance and lubed the entrance channel. She was soon mewing and chuckling contentedly. A little more lube then, with the sleight of hand that would have impressed any decent magician, my finger slipped out and the slim, well lubricated butt plug slipped in, and in and in and in until the base was against the puckered flesh of her dark rose. I held it firmly in place with the palm of my hand until her body stopped shaking. I continued to hold it in place until her body stopped trying to reject it.
"WOW! That feels err..."
"Different?"
"Yeah, different. Nice different though. What do we do now?"
"Ha! Typical yoof. A brand new experience and she already wants to move on. What was it Freddy Mercury wrote? 'I want it all, I want it all, I want it all and I want it now!'? That you, young lady? Tried it! What's next?
You're at University reading Mathematics and hopefully something interesting. On day one you turn up all bright 'n' eager and the guy at Registration offers you a pill instead. One that will instantly give you the answers to all the questions. What do you say?"
"Fantastic!"
"Would you like to reconsider that answer? After all you will only know the answers. You'll not know the questions nor have any notion of the process that led to the answer. You will know that E=mc squared but then every one knows that, it's the most commonly known equation on the planet. Very few know that it's the Theory of Mass Energy Equivalence and even less have any idea what it means. Fewer still understand it's importance. On a more esoteric level, the answer to Life, the Universe and Everything is 42 but why? How?"
Robyn was silent for a few moments. Like all good students her face contorted with the exertion of manipulating the vulberations (that's divarications in proper English), which were colossal.
"So, what you're saying in a nice and roundabout way is that I shouldn't focus on the end result, open wide and say 'hello sailor, see anything you want to stick your dick in?' but enjoy the experience at every step and see where it leads?"
"There! I knew you weren't just a pretty face... oh, and a fabulous body. There's a brain in there somewhere an' all." I teased delightedly.
"Why thank you, kind Sir. For the record Albert was a physicist, his genius was that he realised that matter could be turned into energy and energy could be turned into matter. E, is the energy produced when 'm' (mass) is multiplied by 'c' (the speed of light in a vacuum) squared. If we measure the mass in kilograms and the speed of light in metres per second then our answer is in joules. Of course you'd need to be a very highly skilled physicist to do anything useful with that information." she laughed delightedly, "I'm so glad I didn't take the offer of a pill."
"Smarty pants! Now for an encore would you like to significantly increase the calorific value of a kettle of cold water and make us a nice mug of coffee each?"
"Should I remove the butt plug?"
"Nope, that can stay in situ for the time being. Get used to it but don't try to ignore it. That isn't the point at all."
...
"Did you know that the blinds aren't down in the galley, Darling?"
"Yes, Sweetheart, is that a problem?"
"Not for the man standing on the towpath it isn't," she giggled.
"All you need to do, my Sweet, is to give him a nice friendly wave then lower the blind and adjust the slats so that you can't see him but he could probably see you. The Ostrich solution."
"Before I do, would you like a blow-job, Darling?"
"That's just being really naughty! Yes please."
Robyn did no more than smile sweetly out of the window and sink to her knees, facing me. She slipped a couple of fingers into her mouth and sucked on them seductively. Turning her head to look at him again she smiled happily. I stood before her, my cock as hard as it had ever been. I glanced quickly out of the window. I could see up to just above the guy's waist.
Reaching for my cock she pulled me to within range. With a further look out of the window and a massive smile on her face she opened her mouth and slid my cock down her throat in one easy move.
Within a minute the man's hand appeared and started to stroke the rapidly growing swelling in his jeans. I told my tame cock-sucker who did no more than release my cock from her mouth, turning to look up at the man she mimed unzipping jeans.
There was only a very slight pause before his zip was undone. She mimed getting his cock out. A moment later a quite respectable organ was flapping excitedly in the breeze. She didn't need to mime his stroking himself off. She smiled, waved and returned her attention to my cock.
"Who's gonna cum first?" she giggled.
"You?" I suggested handing her a dildo.
"Bad Daddy!"
Having firmly told me off she held the dildo up for him to see then moved it down to her cunt. The expression on her face was one of asking a question... 'shall I put it in here?' Just to be sure she lifted it up again, waggled it about rudely then moved it back to her cunt. The wanking hand stopped momentarily and gave a swift thumbs up before taking a firm grasp of the hard cock once more.
It was clear he wasn't actually going to be able to see Robyn sliding the dildo in and out of her cunt from the position we were in. I shuffled around a bit so that she was three quarters to him. Her head went back, her eyes closed and her mouth opened as she moved the slim, dildo towards her dripping cunt. She stroked it carefully between her pussy lips.
She looked up at the man and gave a thumbs up by way of question. His reply wobbled between good and not so good. Robyn readjusted her position and asked again receiving a big thumbs up for reply. Robyn grinned dirtily and pushed the dildo deep. She'd forgotten that she still had the butt plug up her arse and the dildo took no heed of the reduced passageway. She drove it home and it did it's job! Her eyes glazed over and the orgasm hit with the speed and power of an express train.
"Ohhh FUCK!" she screamed so loud that the guy outside the window must have heard, "you... you... knew!" she laughed delightedly, "you fucking knew I was already full!"
"You'll be full of my cock before we take that plug out. Now get your lips back around my cock, dirty Daughter."
I let her rest her mouth for a few moments but she kept her hand stroking my length.
"I've never been airtight before," she chuckled as she fed my cock back into her throat.
The guy came second. As he shot his load towards the boat I instantly made a note to see if it needed washing off first thing in the morning. That would be about 10:30.
"Two out of three!" Robyn exclaimed happily, "your turn now, Daddy Darling."
"I suspect your friend would much prefer seeing you getting seriously fucked, especially if he knows you've got a plug up your arse, don't you?"
She twisted to look up at the guy who was just reorganising his clothing. She shook her head and held up her hand 'Wait!' he stopped instantly. She stood, reorganised the cushions on the bench seat opposite the window and knelt with her pert arse a quarter turn to the window. Her perfect bum and the end of the butt plug was clearly visible.
Stepping forward I reached for the base of the plug and eased it outwards. Robyn groaned deliciously. I held it on the edge, just inside her sphincter for a few moments then pushed it steadily home. Her head came up instantly, her mouth opened as she gasped for air then she groaned contentedly. I arse fucked her with the butt-plug a few times before pushing it back home where it belonged. Switching my attention to the dildo I fucked her cunt with that, bringing her to orgasm more than a few times.
Her cunt was dripping. I slipped the dildo out and quickly placed it on the draining board. Robyn reached between her legs and took a guiding hold on my cock. She looked quizzically at the guy outside the window... 'could he see OK?' A simple thumbs up was returned. She steered my cock-head to the entrance of her quivering cunt.
"This is gonna hurt!" she warned herself quietly.
Rocking gently forward I pushed the cock-head into her love tunnel and heard a loud sigh of happiness for my care. It was a labour of utter love tinged with a large amount of lust. I pushed forward and eased back. She pushed back. I held her hips firmly and pushed her away a little. She came back for more and I allowed it. I felt the butt plug in her arse flexing as my cock pushed deeper into her wet cunt. There was room in her arse to allow it to move, the movement gave her additional pleasures while allowing my cock an easier passage. Soon she was taking as much cock with the plug in place as she had without it and her orgasms were becoming more and more vocal.
The guy was watching closely, his cock was again hard and his hand going nineteen to the dozen up and down his length. Robyn was enjoying one long continuous orgasm. I was getting closer and closer as the end of the plug created just the right amount of pressure on my cock-head.
The guys hand was a blur. Robyn was begging for my spunk to fill her cunt and I was hanging on by the skin of my teeth trying to last until the guy shot his second load. The Alpha Male gene within me was working at full capacity!
His gyrating hips told me his orgasm would be a powerful one. My cue to let loose, thank god! I shot the first big load from deep inside her cunt. She gasped with surprise. The second from just inside her cunt entrance, it hosed down the walls. I whipped the butt plug out swiftly and before her sphincter could close pushed my pulsing cock-head inside. Three large loads of my hot, fresh spunk jetted forcibly into her arse, lubricating her perfectly.
"Ohhh FUCK! Yes! More, more, shove your dirty cock into my filthy arse! Fuck my arse, you dirty bastard!"
Pushing deeper I hosed her arse with what was left in my balls. She was well lubricated and as my cock began to soften I fucked her gently until my cock couldn't push in anymore. There was spunk on the galley window and no sign of the guy that put it there. Robyn was resting her head on her arms and sucking in air like a drowning man rescued at the last minute. I stabilised myself with a firm grip on the beautiful hips before me and widened my stance. I too gasped for air.
"Look!" exclaimed Robyn a few minutes later, pointing at the galley window.
The head of our deck mop was sploshing water all over the galley window. It disappeared only to return with more water and rinse it off. I heard the mop being put back on the roof. Two hands appeared in the window and formed two happy 'thumbs up' signs. The guy walked away and I reached over to lower the blind. We didn't move until we had recovered sufficiently to walk unaided.
"You fucking fucked my arse!" Robyn exclaimed in wonder, "first time! How much did you manage to get in?"
"Enough to do the job for the three of us, that's all that matters. Now if you'd be good enough to clean this up," I held up the butt-plug, "re-lube it and put it back in the hole it belongs in, I'll add calorific value to cold water and make the coffee that you totally failed to provide."
"Next you'll be telling me that you won't mind if I prance around in the nuddie for the rest of the evening," she laughed wickedly.
"There's no point in my repeating yourself, is there?"
End of part 3 - part 4 to follow, if you wish?