1
Maya woke to the sun, sliding its tendrils through her bedroom blinds, oblivious to the needs of the occupant within. Her mouth was dry and the din between her temples spoke to a night of excess. Why do birthday celebrations always include drinking so much, she wondered to herself, trying not to move her head. Stretching her arms, she noticed the tell-tale rumble in her stomach, another reminder of the night's events. Then she noticed her hip flexors were sore, which meant one of two things.
Either there was dancing, which she would notice in other muscles, or she'd been with someone last night. The latter is not my style, she thought, recalling the events of the evening. Katie's party had started at Somar, a lounge downtown. Laid back, drinks, toasts and memories shared. Katie's latest boyfriend, Bonn, was there, chiseled and playing the casual center of attention, as only one of his genes could. He seemed authentic enough in one-on-one conversation and had taken the time to win Maya's approval, a step in the right direction.
As the first drink became three, Katie moved slowly to the fringe of the group with Bonn, occupying much the same space on a small chair. Rarely subtle, Katie had guided his hand under her dress, and though it was hard to see in the dim lounge, was working on her first orgasm of the night. Maya watched from her peripheral vision, enjoying the voyeurism, thinking about what it would be like to have something similar of her own. She watched Katie lick Bonn's fingers as he got up to use the restroom and clean up.
Maya knew, at least believed, she was attractive, but never developed the need or want to put it on display, to preen for others. She wore bulky glasses, rather than contacts despite the social benefits. She was more comfortable talking with men about esports or technology than fashion or photography. And while she kept fit, rarely showed off that hard work to anyone. Tonight was little different, with blue jeans and an irreverent top on display. There was a pride she took in blending mostly into the background. It set an initial hurdle or filter for any man that showed interest.
As the inevitable call came for a 'new location', she guided the unruly mass of friends and acquaintances to a small club a few blocks south. It was nondescript and not their usual motif, but Maya had enjoyed a few great nights here. The Verve opened to them, a small dancefloor, comfortable seating and a generic bar in view. The DJ was on point and the crowd dancing responded with cheers as the next track began to spin. There was a primal feeling in the air with many couples and small groups engaged in dances more intimate than the general club scene.
Rather than scoff, Katie took her man directly into the crowd. Maya knew her secrets and was willing to provide, even if others would not. She watched them dance for a few minutes, her top failing to hold her in as her hips moved against his. Maya was tempted to let her hands wander south herself as she watched, but instead found her eyes drawn to a man casually sitting a couch away. He was reclined, a mule of some sort in one hand, slightly smiling. She knew he was watching her, watching the whole scene unfold.
Maya knew he'd come over shortly, always had a keen sense for not only her type, but foreshadowing the next few moves. Would he smolder, play it cool, vibe at high energy? She bet on cool, but nerdy as he stood up. He walked to the restrooms instead, testing her intuitions. He'll be back, she thought with confidence. Caught up in a moment of one of Katie's friends attempting to join her and Bonn unsuccessfully, she smiled as he suddenly appeared beside her.
2
"You've been waiting," he said, looking down at her, little expression to decipher. Maya scoffed slightly,
"Presumptuous, but not entirely wrong."
"I didn't mean to offend, these things are rare for me." That grabbed her attention. He sat down and the small talk that followed was an improvement on the tête-à-tête that usually preceded the male intonation that they should leave and have sex. He seemed to be comfortable with wherever the conversation went. Maya would have usually agreed with the pace, but moved to accelerate their introduction with a hand on his thigh.
"I'm also interested in you. How forward would you like to be?" he responded, his hand on her arm. Maya laughed, despite herself.
"Does this usually work?" she asked.
"Not usually. I'm not great at subtlety, I've been told. My name's Petr." He was handsome, dressed far more casually than the usual club fare. Black t-shirt, jeans, Vans. Short stubble, lean, but with shoulders that were defined through his shirt as the strobe lights hit them.
"Let's dance." she heard herself say, the drinks offering more courage than she'd anticipated.
Driving bass reverberated through her jeans as the hook hit and upped the cadence. She'd begun to work up a sweat, his body in close contact as they moved deeper into the next song. He was polite and she gave him permission not to be, grinding her ass on his cock, surprisingly sensitive through her thin jeans. His hands were on her hips as she began to map and predict the size and shape of his shaft, grinding against her.
She knew he was thinking about how long they'd be out here teasing each other before testing the next stage. Nearby, Katie was joined by a second man, working together in a sinuous mass of limbs and desire. She was in her element and Maya was relieved the choice of clubs was a good fit. She couldn't leave yet so she turned to her dancing partner and whispered
"Watch." as she pointed to Katie and her companions.
His lips were on her neck as they watched Katie manage both men with fluid motions as the music kept them moving. As the song ended, she led them both to a side booth, screened in, but lit for clear silhouette viewing. Maya and her partner moved to an adjacent couch. They watched as clothes were quickly shed, the outline of Katie's full breasts accentuated by the flashes of colored light. Hands coursed over her body, her mouth finding a cock waiting for her attention.
Maya unbuttoned her pants, angling herself so that the masses would have no easy time seeing. Petr's hand was on top of her black panties, fingers playing at the seams touching her thighs. Moving his hand back to the top, he slid gently down to her, feeling her lips give way to his finger, panties wet all around his fingertips. He worked quickly, using two fingers to balance on her clit, rubbing in a small circle. She wanted to grab him, but was content for him to do the pleasing.
The show next door continued with Katie angling her ass upwards as she continued to work with her mouth. The invitation was taken quickly, her panties slipped over unceremoniously as they caught on her lower thighs. His entry was hungry and without pause as he buried himself inside her. She paused her work on the cock on her lips and let out a sound barely audible over the music.
Maya held the edge with practiced ease, her desire strong to see the show through before her release. Reaching behind his head, she pulled his lips to hers, slowing his fingers on her clit. She could still see the booth over his shoulder, watching Katie revel in the arms of her two lovers. Her hips were working in time with the music, breasts gyrating freely below her. Maya had always appreciated her body, full and fluid, afraid of nothing.
As the show next door escalated, Maya explored Petr with her hands, slowly reaching under his shirt, one hand on his chest. Katie had wrapped her hand around the shaft in front of her and deepened her hip movements, slowly slightly with the beat of the current song. Maya could feel the three of them closing in on climax and allowed herself to rise back to the edge with Petr's fingers.
Katie licked the tip of his cock and stroked quickly as he finished explosively back towards himself. Her body began to shake as her own climax rushed through her, the thrusting of her partner frozen as he held tightly onto her hips, riding through the wave of release as he filled her from behind. The sudden pulsing of colored lights froze their shared orgasm in time, photos captured and preserved in the mind's eye.
Maya had joined their shared moment from a distance, head thrown back as the light strobed, swallowing her moan in the tide of rhythmic dance music. Petr held her as his fingertips lingered in her wetness for a few moments after. She knew this wasn't as much a thrill for him as it had been from her, but she'd make it up to him somehow.
3
He was quiet, comfortable with her in his arms, pants now mostly buttoned as he nursed his drink.
"Let me get us another." she said, moving towards the bar. He waited as she watched him. He may have been the vehicle for her voyeuristic pleasure, but he didn't indicate any hesitation in that role. She returned with drinks, strong enough to smooth out the harsh edges of the universe.
"You like to watch. I like to watch you." he said, leaning over to her ear. She smiled, unexpectedly, not usually one to reveal much in these moments.
"How can I make it up to you?" she responded, apprehensive to hear what that invitation would lead to.
"I'd like to watch, next time." Well, that didn't fit her premonitions at all.
"It's a deal. Let's go find the next show."
Gathering the crew, she shepherded most of them, including Petr, along to a restaurant with a narrow staircase in back, leading to a short maze of tunnels, well worn with the unmistakable smell of smoke. They entered what was once a speakeasy that had since been opened up to a space much like an arena. It was cooler than most clubs, sunk deep in the earth.
Katie came over and gave her a hug. "Thank you for taking care of all this. Hope you enjoyed the show. I know I did." She walked away, taking a drink from Bonn on the way to another group of couples. Deep Down was known for its eclectic music scene and classic cocktails, first and foremost. But some knew it as a haven for amateur displays of the erotic.
A few small venues were strung together towards the northwest side of the club, entry gated by polite, but well sized gentlemen. Maya walked Petr towards the concierge, pausing briefly as she gave her user ID and he checked his display. They passed into a short tunnel with a small display noting the active shows. She walked towards the 3rd room, selecting an open booth 25ft from the entrance. The light on the door went from light green to light blue as she closed it behind them.
It was a small room with an armless chair and wide couch, tightly slipcovered. Maya could tell Petr had never been here before as he looked around the room. One wall was frosted glass and she knew the cleaning protocols by heart. Bringing him to the couch facing the glass wall, she sat him down, taking his shirt off to little protest. Unzipping his pants, she helped him shimmy out of them, leaving him in a pair of white boxers that had taken on the look of a boy scout tent as he clearly anticipated the next step.
Maya sat down next to him, touching him through his boxers as she waited for the show to start. The glass suddenly cleared, the electrochromatic function reverting to base state. They saw a single chair in the small room beyond the glass, placed on a nice rug with warm lighting from adjacent halogen lamps.
"Now I see," Petr said simply.
"To think this place had been nearby all this time and I hadn't known." They talked for a few minutes about its history and whether there were other such places in the city. Then a door opened and a couple walked in.
She was under 1.6m, very petite with long, straight blond hair. She wore no makeup and was dressed in loose yoga pants and a comfortable top. Maya sensed an impression of calm from her as she was followed shortly after by a medium-height, dark-haired man, similarly attired, revealing strong, athletic legs and arms. Soft music came into the room as he took a position lying on the floor, arms in front of him.
His partner silently stepping over him, she placed her torso on his palms, straightening her body as she floated above him, balanced on his hands. He lowered her off to one side as she stretched her leg to one side, waiting for him to reset. Widening his grip, he lowered his hands closer to the ground, at shoulder height.
She stood directly over his face, lowering herself to the floor as she spread her legs to each side. As she reached his chin, her pants resting on his mouth, he began to lift her up, holding her legs spread wide as she balanced herself. Her taut nipples created sharp shadows on her lithe figure.
Maya had moved his shaft to the opening in his boxers and stroked it gently as the scene played out in front of them. Their strength, concentration were incredible and she found herself excited to see what would come next. Petr had brought one hand to Maya's stomach, feeling her waist underneath her thin top, featuring a patch of silver sequins with a black skull in the middle. A top that says 'party with an anarchist', or so she hoped.
She hadn't been wearing a bra, which wasn't unusual and his hand finally cupped her small breast. She could feel his cock pulse slightly, stiffening the moment he felt her nipple.
"It's about time," she said, chidingly.
He laughed, "The best things are worth waiting for." Trite words, but somehow endearing from him. She removed her top, discarding any pretense of modesty.
The show outside continued with additional feats of balance and strength as the couple moved through a series of positions, ending with her sitting in one hand as he held her over his head. They sat on the chair for a few moments as she removed his shirt and he, in return, removed hers. Their bodies were perspiring from the first act, light playing on the sweat as it rose to the surface of their skin.
Their next act featured her strength as she balanced his weight against her own, creating some startling views of their musculature and grip strength. The final position used the chair as a balance point, as they each caught the lip of the other's pants with a toe and allowed gravity to pull them down as they relaxed. Maya was impressed. She'd been attempting to predict how they'd accomplish that step in the routine and she marveled at the calm of the male performer, his limp, yet sizeable cock hanging against his leg.
Maya had been working Petr for several minutes with increasing aggression and he was breathing hard as he rubbed her nipple absently with his right hand. She knew the final act would be magical and didn't want to miss it, but decided to take a short detour. On her knees in front of him, she took him in, tasting him on his shaft. She went slowly, not wanting to end the show early.
As the couple finished a quick chat, the music resumed, increasing in urgency and setting up the closing act. Maya moved back to her spot at his side, cupping his balls as the show started back up. The female performer was exquisite to watch, her muscles tuned perfectly to motions outside the range of the average person. Her skin was uniform, perfectly smooth everywhere. Maya had never seen waxing that effective.
4
Their first feat in this act required him to stand and hold her weight as he carried her by her thighs, body in an inverted T formation, her mouth positioned on his now attentive cock. As he held her aloft, his mouth worked across her pussy, now spread for Maya and Petr to see. She worked as much of him into her mouth as she could while his tongue licked across her lips and clit. Their muscles strained and her thighs vibrated as strength began to wane.
He lowered her onto her hands as he continued to work his tongue in and around her. As her mouth opened and breathing increased, he closed her legs, pointing them towards the ceiling. She bent backwards onto her feet, straightening up. It was an impressive feat and Maya's hand had slowed near the end of the move as they both had full attention on the performers.
She'd been surprised that he hadn't tried to take her pants off and escalate the encounter. That was a good sign. They weren't there yet and maybe he knew that, which was very rare. The performers were lining up for another position, this one similar to their starting movement. He lay on his back, arms almost at his sides. She was positioning into the familiar splits-position, this time above his cock. Maya worked Petr's cock firmly, anticipating what was about to happen on stage.
The male performer held his partner aloft above him for what seemed like an eternity, Maya feeling her heartbeat in her panties now. It was good to hold back sometimes, she tried to convince herself, wanting her own body to feel that impending entry. Slowly, the performer lowered his partner onto himself. As Maya watched his cock disappear inside her, Petr gasped, releasing in an arc in front of him. She smiled and handed him a towel.
"I think there's more," she said, kissing him before turning back to the glass.
They both watched as she curled up into a tiny figure, supported by his hands as she pivoted on his shaft, still deep inside her. He turned her 180 degrees, orienting her face away from him and slowly uncoiled her. They stood up together as a single unit, her body leaning forward. Lifting her legs and cradling them in his arms, he tilted her forward onto her hands and began to work back and forth inside her.
This was it, the show was about to close. Maya could feel their need, the only fitting way to end such a unique performance. Slowly, the glass began to frost. Subtle at first, but after a minute, they could hardly see outlines through the glass.
"Well played, very well played," she laughed, turning to Petr.
"Truly a memorable experience. What's next?" he offered.
She thought about that for a moment and for the first time in a long while, didn't have a prediction handy.
Well, that was certainly worth remembering the next day. Her body ached in the right ways and she was ready to see what the coming week might bring. New beginnings, perhaps. Either way there was a story to tell and her readers were always looking for an escape through her eyes.