She was about to cum. I recognized that look. Her eyes were wide open but not seeing, her mouth was wide open but soundless. And of course her legs were wide open, with one hand rubbing away at her clit.
I was right there too. My cock was about to burst. Another pump or two and I was going to blow my load.
I'm not sure who came first but it was close. Either her orgasmic moans pushed me over the line or my load shooting out pushed her over.
Some moments of silence while we caught our breath.
"Hey you!" she said "Better than ever!"
"Sure was babe" I replied "Got time for another?"
She laughed, and then I joined her, as we both knew that we had neither the time nor energy for a repeat performance.
"Are we still on for the beach on Saturday?"
"Of course! I should be there by 10:00."
"Great. You'll recognize my umbrella?"
"Yep -- I'll find you. Don't start without me."
"Ah, you're no fun!"
"So, same time tomorrow night?"
"Sounds good. Same Bat-time same Bat-channel."
"Great! See you then."
We logged off. Skype is an excellent application for long distance sex.
She was Vicki. We met at the clothing optional beach earlier that summer. That meeting was basically a lesson in exhibitionism. We were strangers but made a game out of showing ourselves. Since then we had connected online and frequently had 'Skype-sex' with each other. We had grand plans to meet up again at the beach, but we could never get the timing right. Finally we got it together and had made plans for Labor Day weekend, the last hurrah of summer. It was bound to be interesting as, beside a quick blow job at the end of that beach day, we haven't had any physical contact. We have watched each other masturbate numerous times, so I knew every hair on Vicki's pussy by sight and could recognize the sound of her orgasms. By the end of this weekend I hoped to know her using my other senses; by touch, by smell and by taste.
Even though I knew much more about Vicki since our first encounter, I realized that there were a lot of things about her that were still a mystery. I was sure that she was an exhibitionist, as well as a voyeur, but was our mutual show on the beach the first time for her? Was it only because she was swept up into the thrill of it that she did it? I know that it was a mutual experience; I couldn't tell you who starting showing first. And I do know that the wonderful blow job that she gave me in the parking lot was unsolicited. And even though we had watched each other on Skype, would Vicki be up for the same game as last time? Would she be up for anything more?
That day at the beach was a first for me. I'd fantasized about something like that happening but had never really expected it to come true. I think we both just needed that extra push to take our exhibitionism to the next level; we pushed each other.
So on Saturday morning I packed up my cooler and loaded it into the car along with my umbrella, some towels, and a folding chair. I had sunscreen and a book in my backpack. Since the last visit I had bought a windscreen, something new for me. It set up easily with stakes into the sand and not only offered some protection from the wind, but also a bit of privacy. There were a lot of beach goers that used these, I never had. The one that I had bought was only a couple of feet high. Anybody walking by could easily glance down into it, but as long as you were lying down you did have some privacy. Of course I didn't need a bathing suit, and as usual I went commando under my shorts. I had about a two hour drive, so I got an early start. Being a holiday weekend I was pretty sure that the beach was going to be more crowded than usual.
On the way down to the shore I couldn't stop thinking about what the day would bring; thinking with my mind and with my dick. I drove most of the way with a semi, and I'd be lying if I told you that I never touched myself on the drive.
Surprisingly there was not that much traffic and I got to the beach in record time. There were some cars in the lot but not that many. As I walked onto the beach I scoped out possible areas to set up. I found an area that was pretty open, around the same spot as the previous visit, so I set up the umbrella, my chair and laid out a couple of towels. I set up the windscreen in a semi-circle around the umbrella and towels, with the opening facing the shore. I then stripped down, put my clothes into my backpack and settled into the chair, watching and waiting, and wondering what the day would be like.
Looking around I saw a couple that looked somewhat familiar. I think that they had been 'neighbors' from the last visit. They were middle aged and in pretty good shape. And, based on their tan lines, or lack thereof, they were regular visitors. We caught eye contact. I acknowledged them and the man remarked that it looks like it's going to be a great day. I smiled and said I think it will be. The woman smiled back and winked. I wondered if they recognized me from that previous time and if so, had they seen Vicki and I playing our showing game. I was so caught up watching and showing with Vicki that I hadn't really been aware of what others could have seen. Either way, what's done is done. The introduced themselves as Bill and Janet, and we shared some pleasant conversation about the weather, local sports, etc., before we all just went back to enjoy a relaxing beach day.
Not that much later, as I was still checking out the sights, I thought I saw Vicki arriving. The beach is very wide from the entrance to the shore, so I couldn't be sure it was her at first. As she walked closer I could see it was her. She was dressed pretty much the same as before, in a T and cutoffs, with her auburn hair tied back under a baseball cap. I knew by now that she was 24, and even though I hadn't been blown away by her beauty the very first time I saw her, over the weeks I had grown to appreciate how very attractive she was. I liked the whole package that was Vicki. She wore it well.
She was scanning the beach looking for me, so I stood up and waved to her. She saw me, waved back and started in my direction. It was then that I realized that she wasn't alone. There was another girl walking with her. A sister or a friend? I didn't know if she had a sister; we have never talked about our families.
Vicki came right up and gave me a hug and a kiss. As we embraced I knew she could feel my dick against her. She whispered into my ear "Mmm... happy to see me?" "Can't you tell?" I whispered back. Then she introduced me to Sandy, her cousin. I gave Vicki a glance that could have been interpreted as "Why didn't you tell me?" Vicki explained the Sandy's family was visiting for the holiday. I tried to hide my disappointment. I know, being on a nude beach with two women isn't the worst thing that could have happened, but it was not the way I had envisioned the day to be.
As I welcomed her to the beach and invited them into my 'camp' I took notice of Sandy. She had similar hair color, but other than that there was no real family resemblance. She was a bit shorter and probably younger than Vicki. She was also more meatier than Vicki, and a real stunner. Her breasts and butt seemed bigger than Vicki, but since she was wearing a big oversized T shirt, it was hard to tell. I assumed that I'd be seeing more of her. I also saw her give me a quick checking over while Vicki was unpacking her stuff. Nothing lewd, but she did sneak a glance. I couldn't tell if she was embarrassed about seeing me naked, but it didn't matter. I wasn't about to let her spoil my day.
Once settled in, Vicki stripped out of her clothes. She had a bikini on, and kept that on while she folded and packed away her cutoffs and T shirt. I'm pretty sure she was doing this for my pleasure, as she caught me staring. She also glanced down at my dick, now starting to get active, and smiled. Staring me down, she removed her bikini. As she packed it away, she bent down in front of me, knowing the view she was providing me. Her labia ring caught the light. Nice....
Sandy also started to disrobe. She wore a more modest two piece suit. And I was right about her body. She had a much bigger set than Vicki, but not so big that they were sloppy, if you know what I mean. And her butt was also much more bubblier (is that a word?). I think I was right about her being embarrassed, as that was as far as she undressed. I can't say I wasn't disappointed, but a lot of the people that come to the beach don't go totally naked. And while it might be incongruous for two of us to be naked and the third not, Sandy was not on my radar and I didn't really care as long as I could play with Vicki.
No sooner had we settled down when Sandy asked where the bathroom was. Now, I usually used the ocean, duh, but there was a restroom back at the entrance. A long walk, but Sandy headed that direction.
Once she was out of range Vicki explained the situation. She knew that Sandy's family was coming to visit, but she had hoped she would be able to slip away for the day. Sandy had figured out where she was going and wanted to go with her. Without explaining a lot more than she wanted to explain, she agreed to let her come. On the drive down she figured that she had better let Sandy know more about the beach, so she explained about it being clothing optional, with 'optional' being emphasized. Sandy had asked her if she was going to get naked and she had said of course, that's the reason that I choose this beach, but just because I am doesn't mean you have to. Sandy said she'd have to play it by ear.
"Did you tell Sandy about me?" I asked Vicki. She said that yes, she was going to meet a friend there. "Anything more?" I asked. "Nope" she replied with a wicked wink. "How well do you know your cousin?" "We used to be closer when we were kids," she said, "but we really haven't kept in touch over the past couple of years, except for the annual visit." "She's grown up pretty nicely, don't you think?" she asked me. I replied "I think she definitely fills out that suit nicely, but I prefer her cousin." "Oh! Bonus points for you being so diplomatic." I asked her "What do those bonus points get me?" "Well, how about some sunscreen for starters?" Of course that was fine with me.
She started applying the sunscreen to her arms and legs. While she watched me watching, she started rubbed some onto her tits and belly. She rubbed some all around, but not into her pussy, making sure all of her tender parts were taken care of. Smiling back at me, she then handed me the tube and turned around. I put some lotion into my hands and started on her shoulders and down her back. I didn't stop when I reached her ass, just lingering there a bit longer than necessary. I also did a quick reach-around to make sure her breasts were completely covered, making extra sure that those nipples weren't going to get burned. I noticed then that our neighbors Bill and Janet were watching us. We weren't really doing anything that could get us kicked off of the beach (yet), but we did have those two extra sets of eyes checking us out. "Game on!" I thought to myself.
Done for the moment with Vicki, I started applying the sunscreen. It was pretty much the same as our previous meeting, with the motto 'Do unto others ...' being the phrase of the day. I applied the lotion to my arms and legs, and, while I watched Vicki watching, to my dick. It was getting hard, but not yet full blown. Smiling, Vicki said that it looks so much better in person than on her computer monitor. "I'll take that as a compliment." I said with a grin, and handed her the tube.
As I had done to her she covered my back and worked her way down to my ass. She also lingered there a bit and did her own version of a reach around. She worked her hand down between my butt cheeks and brushed up against my balls. Not an accidental touch of course but still nothing that would get us kicked off of the beach. I glanced over at Bill and Janet. They were watching. Bill had a newspaper that he was pretending to read, but Janet was much less discrete. Her eyes were locked onto Vicki's hand and my cock. I leaned back into Vicki and whispered that it looks like we have some admirers. She looked over at Janet, smiled, and reached up a bit to give my dick a quick tug.
What I didn't see was that Sandy had returned from her excursion. I'm not sure how much she had seen, but we broke contact and started to get comfortable. "You had better put some of this on." Vicki said to Sandy, and handed her the lotion. After she did her front and as much of her back as she could reach, she asked Vicki if she missed any spots. She said that her back wasn't completely covered, took the lotion from her and tossed it to me. "A man's work is never done." I said, which brought the first giggle from Sandy. I stood up and started to rub some lotion onto her back, working around the bathing suit straps. She stopped me for a moment. "This seems kind silly, doesn't it?" referring to her still being fully 'decent'. I said that yes, it does, but the saying here is 'As bare as you dare'. She giggled again, and then asked me to unhook her bikini. "My pleasure." I said, but although I was interested in seeing more of her, it was Vicki that I really wanted to focus on. I helped Sandy take her top off and finished applying the lotion to her back. I ended with my (now customary) smack on the butt, saying "all done!"
I thought this was a good moment for the girls to meet our neighbors, so I got their attention and introduced the girls to Bill and Janet. They both got up and walked over to shake hands. I took a better look at Janet's nakedness, and noticed that Vicki and Sandy both quickly checked out Bill as well. This happens all the time at this beach. While it is definitely impolite to stare, it's hard not to notice people's bodies, especially when there are right there in front of you. So I noticed that Janet sported a full bush, not unkempt, and good size tits that had just a bit of a sag to them. Good for her age I thought. And I did notice that Bill had a bigger than average flaccid member, with low hanging balls. I didn't want to think about how that would look when he was up and running.
Pleasantries exchanged, we settled back down behind our windscreen. Due to the location of the opening and where Bill and Janet were set up, we had a partial view of them. And now I could also take a good look at Sandy's tits. While they were definitely full size, they did not sag at all. Her nipples were pink and her breasts were pale white. I spoke up and said you had better take care of those, motioning to those twin peaks, She giggled again (which I was getting use to now), and applied some lotion to them. Again, fun to watch but it was Vicki that I was there to play with.
So I turned my attention to the lovely, naked lady who was lying face down next to me. I admired her shapely legs which went all the way up and made an ass. From my angle I could see just a bit between her legs, a sight I knew I would never tire of. I continued my tour up her back and could just see the sides of her breasts against the towel. Continuing up, I was surprised to see that she had raised her head up and was watching me. Keeping eye contact, she very slowly, spread her legs open a bit. She watched me as my eyes went back down there. I glanced over to Sandy, who was now also lying face down with her face turned away from us, so, looking back into Vicki's eyes, I spread my legs to fully expose my hardening dick. Vicki looked at it, them back into my eyes and, with that wicked smile, licked her lips. So I guess this was the game we were going to play today - see and be seen. I could live with that, but wanted to see if we could take it any further.
I decided to test the ocean water, partially because it was getting hot out and partially to cool myself down. I stood up and headed out towards the shoreline. I had to pass close to Bill and Janet. Bill seemed to still be absorbed in the newspaper, but Janet was watching my every move. I gave a polite nod of the head to her, ducking my eyes down her body just enough for her to know I was checking her out. I think she checked out my semi as well, and I could feel her eyes burning a hole in my ass as I walked past.
The water was cool and refreshing. As is my habit, I went out a bit then turned and swam parallel to the shore. I went down the shoreline a bit until I could see that I was in the gay section of the beach. Not officially marked as such of course, but it was understood that the far end of the beach, closest to the wildlife reserve, was where the guys that liked guys hung out, literally and figuratively. So I turned and headed back.
As I got closer to where I started I saw that the girls had come out as well. They didn't seem to know where I was, so when I got close enough I ducked under the water. The plan was to give Vicki a quick goose, but I ended up grabbing Sandy's ass instead. I knew it as soon as I did -- it was fuller and she still had her bathing suit bottoms on, I surfaced and tried to apologize, but what could I say? She was giggling, so I just said "Oops! Wrong ass!" and quickly ducked under to give Vicki the same treatment. Sandy was loosening up, which I was glad to see. We all three played in the surf for a while longer until Sandy said she was going back to the site. I was a bit distracted, watching her walking away, and lost track of where Vicki was. Then I felt her hand close around my dick. I had gone completely flaccid in the water, but the warmth of her hand immediately started the reversal. She had swum underwater over to me and when she surfaced she kept her hand on my dick. We were in chest high water, so from the shore nobody could probably tell that anything was going on. Vicki then released me, but leaned back into the water and wrapped her legs around my waist. We weren't talking, just enjoying the motion of the ocean. I supported her body with one hand on her ass, and with the other hand I rubbed my now hard dick against her pussy. I could feel her ring, and gave it a little tug. She gasped, opened her eyes and stared right into me. I continued to rub against her and tug on the ring. She closed her eyes and gave a little shudder. I recognized that look. I waited until she calmed down and said "You're welcome." which brought her back down to earth and made her laugh. She unhooked her legs and told me that she'd figure out a way to repay me. She started to go back to shore and I told her that I had to wait a bit before I got out. She smiled, understanding the situation I was in.
As I was cooling off, I saw that Janet and Bill were standing together on the shore. As Vicki passed them, she stopped to talk to them. I couldn't hear what they were saying but there were smiles all around. By the time I was ready to get out, Bill and Janet had wondered off down the shoreline, hand in hand.
I don't use a towel to dry off. I prefer to air dry. So when I got back to our settlement I just put my sunglasses back on and stood up, checking out the beach. It was getting a bit crowded, but since I had staked out our area in advance, we still had a good amount of privacy. There was another naked couple close to us, but behind us, behind our windscreen, and two couples off to the other side. They were much younger, probably in the middle teens. The guys were naked but the girls still were dressed; one in shorts and a t shirt and the other in a bikini. I imagined that the guys were trying to convince them to get naked. Good luck with that.
Standing there I hadn't really thought about the view I was giving to the girls. They were lying down on their backs so the both could look up at me. Surprisingly Vicki had her eyes closed but Sandy was checking me out. I glanced down at her as well and saw that her suit bottom, when wet, was showing a nice camel toe. I just smiled at her and eventually sat down. I got a beer out of my cooler and offered something to drink to each of them. They accepted... I should have brought more beer. I asked Vicki what she was talking about with Bill and Janet. She replied "They said it looked like I was enjoying myself out there." I smiled and Sandy looked at us. I could tell she didn't know what we were talking about.
When I was dry I sat in my chair under the umbrella and tried to read some of my book. I say tried because at this beach I was never very successful at getting any reading done. Too many distractions. I saw that Bill and Janet were walking back. I offered them a beer as well. Janet said no thanks, she had some wine, but Bill accepted. I should have brought more beer.
After a while Sandy got up and said she was going to explore the beach. Neither Vicki nor I volunteered to go with her, which seemed fine with her. As soon as she left Vicki rolled over towards me. I decided to get on my towel next to her. We were now out of sight of most of the others on the beach, under the windscreen, but I noticed that Bill and Janet had re arranged their chairs a bit so that they now had a clear view of us. I decided it was time to play.
"Can you give me a hand here?" I whispered to Vicki. She turned and saw that I had the lotion out again. "I need to reapply." "My pleasure!" she replied. I rolled over onto my stomach and she started. As she got to my butt I purposely let out a moan, loud enough that Bill and Janet could hear, and spread my legs. Vicki got up close to me and whispered "Oh, you like that?" I quietly replied "Yes, of course I do, but I'm also thinking of putting on a little show for our neighbors." I saw in her eyes that she understood. She started rubbing lotion onto my ass and reached under to get my balls covered. I spread my legs further, giving Bill and Janet a direct view. Vicki told me to roll over. I did, knowing that I was already hard from her ball playing. She seemed to ignore my hard on while she applied lotion to my chest. When she got to my nipples she gave them each a little twist and my cock lurched up. I snuck a glance to our new friends and saw that they were watching, but trying to be discrete. I also looked to see if anybody else could see me. Only people coming out of the water and heading towards us could see, so for the moment the coast was clear. Vicki then went right for my dick, saying that she owed me this one. I smiled and closed my eyes while she oiled me up and started jacking me off.
Now, she had given me a blow job once before, and we had masturbated for each other online, but this was really the first time she had handled me. She knew from our online sessions that I can hold off for a good long time, but she didn't want that today. Nor did I. As she jacked me off she started talking softly but loud enough for our neighbors to hear. "Are you going to cum for me now? I want to see you cum. Give me some of that." I've always gotten off when my partner is vocal like that and this time was no exception. It didn't take long, and she seemed to know when I was close. She moved her head down close to my dick and when I started to cum she caught some of my semen in her mouth. She continued to work on me until I was drained. Then, oh my God, she turned directly to Bill and Janet. They were not being discrete at all now. Vicki opened her mouth and spit some of my cum into her hands, then spread her legs and rubbed it on her pussy. Bill and Janet eventually both smiled. Bill gave us a thumbs up, but Janet seemed a bit shell shocked. Vicki got a hand towel from my pack and wiped me off, then finished off the rest of her beer and laid back down. I leaned over her and gave her a long lingering kiss while I rubbed that cum around her pussy. Checking to see that the coast was still clear I inserted a finger in her. This was a first, and it immediately got a moan out of her. I inserted another finger and used my thumb on her clit -- I knew she liked this as it was the way she jacked herself off. It didn't take long before she starting thrashing around a bit. She covered my hand with hers and together we got her off. As she calmed down, I looked over and saw that Janet had one hand on her breast and the other in Bill's lap. I let Vicki know and she sat up to watch. We couldn't see exactly what was going on; they were trying not to be as obvious as we were. But we soon saw Bill stiffen up, so we assumed he was taken care of.
We got up and took a swim to wash off. The walk to the water was interesting, as Vicki's pussy was obviously a mess. There was cum in her landing strip and her lips were swollen, extended and red. My dick was flaccid now, but it had also obviously been given a workout. We got some strange looks form the people was passed on the way.
By the time we got back to our towels Sandy had returned. She was lying face down and was now bare ass naked. Vicki and I smiled and Vicki said "Well it's about time!" Sandy looked up, smiled, and said "This is a bare as I dare." We all laughed. It was good to see that Sandy was loosening up a bit.
I opened up the cooler to get something to drink and a snack. I had packed some fruit, cheese and crackers. So we had a little picnic, the three of us naked and happy. When Sandy sat up I saw that, unlike Vicki, she was totally shaved. Vicki of course noticed as commented on that, saying "That looks so comfortable. I've never totally shaved like that but have always wondered if it feels as smooth as it looks." Sandy was taken aback for a moment, then replied that she thinks it feels great and her boyfriends have said so to. Then Vicki shocked both of us by asking if she could feel it. Was my Vicki a little bi? But Sandy, surprising me, took it in stride, scooted over and said ok. Vicki reached down and glided her hand over her pussy. Sandy watched as Vicki explored all around her pussy, but did not enter. Vicki said "Oh my, that does feel so smooth. But you'd better get some lotion on that." Before Sandy could respond I had the lotion out and moved over towards her. She looked me in the eyes and said "OK, I don't want to burn." And with that I started to run my hand over her pussy as well, again just on the outside. I don't want to say I was clinical about it, but my goal wasn't to make her cum. At least not then.
Vicki took the lotion from me and told Sandy to roll over. She did her back and her ass, and even gave her the reach around move that she had done with me. Sandy gave a little jerk, so I'm guessing that Vicki had hit her clit.
Even though I had just recently cum, I started to get hard again. Not wanting to carry it any further with Sandy, I rolled onto my stomach and closed my eyes.
I must have dozed off.
When I woke up Vicki was still there, but had rolled over onto her side facing away from me. Sandy was sitting over with Bill and Janet. They were drinking and talking, but not loud enough for me to hear.
I decided to take the game up a notch.
I slid over and spooned up against Vicki. She must have been sleeping because it took her awhile to respond. Making sure that we could be seen Sandy and the neighbors, I started massaging her tits while kissing her neck. I've watched her play with herself many times so I had a good idea of what turned her on. So I did as she always did, and avoided the nipples at first, just tenderly touching everything but. Then I slid one hand lower, just to where her landing strip started. Again, as I had seen her do so many times, I ran my fingers thru her pubic hair, gently pulling at it a bit. By now she was fully awake -- I had her undivided attention. Nuzzling her neck I whispered softly "We're going to fuck right here, right now." She moaned her approval. "And we're going show our audience how it's done." Another moan.
I glanced over at the neighbors. Bill and Sandy we deep in conversation and hadn't noticed us yet, but Janet was unabashedly watching. Nothing discrete there.
I moved my hand lower, toying with her labial ring. I know she likes this and it usually seems to get her off, but I wanted to prolong this, so I only lightly twisted it. My upper hand had finally found her nipple, and I twisted it in time with the ring.
I was rock hard and poking into her ass as I dropped my hand lower still and slid my palm over her pussy. I just held it there, cupping her with some solid pressure. Finally I slid my middle finger in while keeping the pressure on her lips. Vicki shuddered a bit and let out a moan, perhaps a little too loud.
I paused and looked around. The couple behind us probably heard Vicki's moaning, but because of the windscreen they couldn't see anything. Our closer neighbors had all noticed us by now. Janet had one hand discretely cupped on her own breast and the other hand between her legs. If anyone had noticed her, they probably wouldn't have realized that she was playing with herself. Sandy had one hand on Bill's thigh. The look on her face was priceless; she looked like she might be in shock. Bill on the other hand knew exactly what was going on and I could see that his dick was well on its way.
I scooted my body lower and lifted Vicki's upper leg over mine. This opened her up enough for me to get the shaft of my dick rubbing up against her slit. "Are you ready for this?" I whispered to her. She responded by reaching down and guided my dick right into her. The feeling was beyond anything I had ever felt before, likely due to all of the buildup. She pushed back a bit and I was fully in her. We didn't move for a while, just savored the feeling and the naughtiness of what we were doing.
I turned Vicki around a bit so that she could see our watchers as well. Janet was still busy tending to herself, but when she saw us watching she took her hand out of her crotch, licked her fingers, and put her hand back down. Bill had maneuvered Sandy's hand onto his dick. He had a towel slightly covering himself, but I could see that she was jacking him off. Her eyes never left us; it looked like she didn't even realize what she was doing. Bill, of course, knew.
As we watched our watchers I slowly started to pump in and out of Vicki's sweet snatch. She met each push with a push back, and kept her hands busy. One was still on her breast pulling at her nipples and the other was still in her crotch. That hand was keeping me in her when I pulled back, as well as playing with her clit. The friction of her hand on my dick and her pussy around my dick was almost too much to bear. I really wanted to roll her over and go fast and furious, but we both knew that we had to at least try to not draw too much attention to ourselves.
The little sounds coming out of Vicki were familiar to me; I knew she was close to cumming. "Hang on, here it comes." I told her, perhaps a little too loud. With a final push I finally exploded in her as she moaned, shuddered and had her third orgasm of the day. I don't think I've ever cum as much, or as forceful as I did there on the beach.
Resting, still inside of her and not really getting much softer, I looked over at the trio. I think Janet had cum, she had that look about her. Perhaps she got off when we did. Sandy was still working on Bills dick. As soon as Bill saw me looking he moved the towel away and pushed Sandy's mouth onto him. He pumped himself off into her mouth. Her eyes never left mine.
I pulled out of Vicki but we stayed spooned for a while longer. I heard someone say "Thank you!" and turned around. The couple behind us was standing up, which allowed them to look right down into our area. I don't know how long they had been standing there. It didn't really matter now. Obviously they enjoyed it: she had her hand draped over his erection. Vicki looked up, smiled and said "Our pleasure!"
Eventually we got up enough strength to get into the water one more time. Bill, Janet and Sandy joined us as we washed off our respective body parts. Back in the sand we finished off our snacks and drinks as a group, in almost total silence. I think everybody was still trying to digest what had happened.
The day was winding down, so we started packing up our gear. Saying our goodbyes to Bill and Janet, we said it was good getting to know them and hoped to see them out again next year. Bill handed me a business card that had his name and number and told me to keep in touch. I assured them that we would.
As we headed off, Sandy hung back a bit saying goodbye to the neighbors as Vicki and I walked towards the sign that marked the clothing optional area. We got dressed before we crossed over the line. It was almost as sexy watching her getting dressed as watching her getting naked -- almost.
Sandy met up with us as we walked toward the cars. After we loaded up their car, she turned toward me and said "It was certainly great to meet you. Thanks for everything." She hugged me, and gave my dick a little pat. "Maybe we'll do this again next year."
Vicki walked with me back to my car. She turned toward me and gave me a wonderful soulful kiss. "We have got to continue this again and soon, beach or no beach." she said with a smile. I agreed.
We did meet up again later that month. And we planned on a meeting with our newest BFF's Bill and Janet. Another story for another day.