Alex was still thinking about what happened last time.
He kept meeting the girls in the college from time to time. They smiled at him playfully and greeted him, but nothing more. Only once did he feel Anya's hand discreetly grabbing his butt as she stood behind him in an elevator. He didn't tell her anything.
Then one day, the girls sat at the table next to his at the dining hall. They looked at Alex from time to time and discussed something, quietly enough so he couldn't hear anything. They finished first, and when Alex looked at them as they walked away, Natasha turned around and winked Alex.
Alex wondered what that meant until he looked at his bag standing on the floor. There was a small note in it.
Alex immediately felt nervous as he reached for the note.
"Come to our place tomorrow at 7," it said. Alex swallowed.
He had to make a decision. Was last time an unfortunate accident? He didn't have sex for a while, so he lost his mind for a moment, and the girls took advantage of him. It didn't turn out well for him, but it could happen to anyone, Alex thought.
But he was apparently excited then while he should be feeling embarrassed. It had something to do with his sexuality. He apparently was attracted to the girls, but not in a regular way.
He still wanted to have sex with them, especially with Anya. But he also felt physically aroused when he thought about obeying their orders and humiliating himself for their pleasure.
Alex tried to stop thinking about this, as he was starting to get an erection.
By tomorrow, he was inclined to accept the girls' offer. He took his usual routine: a shower, clean boxers.
He looked at the pack of condoms. Alex didn't know if he could hope for having sex today. It wasn't why he was going. Still, he took the pack with him and left the house.
Half an hour later, Alex stood in front of the girls' door. He started to doubt his decision to come. What will the girls demand from him? Will he be able to say no?
Then he realized he will never forgive himself for turning back. He knocked.
He heard the steps. Moments later, Natasha opened the door.
She looked gorgeous. She wore a tight white blouse and a knee-length pencil skirt. The top button was undone, discreetly exposing her cleavage.
Alex noticed a small gold pendant on her neck and a bracelet on her left hand. He looked down at her shoes. Solid black shoes, high heels - they made her look taller.
It was obvious she put some work into choosing an outfit, it was as if she deliberately wanted Alex to lust for a look at what was underneath. As it was much hotter that anything he saw her wearing at college, he guessed Anya was helping her.
She smiled. "Hi, Alex." Not saying anything more, she turned around and went to the room. Alex stood there, watching her ass as she walked. He stepped in.
The problem is, Natasha didn't invite him to come in. He paused, wondering if she forgot to do this or was he supposed to wait here.
"Hi, Alex!" The voice was Anya's. "Are you going to stand there forever? Undress and come in."
What did she mean by undressing? Did she want him just to take off his coat, or was he supposed to go further? And how further?
Alex first wanted to ask her, but then she realized it's all part of the game. The game he decided to play the very moment he offered the girls a chance to see him nude two weeks ago.
Alex took off his coat and started unbuttoning his shirt. The fact that nobody watched him this time made it slightly easier for him, but at the same time he desperately wanted to be finally able to present his body to the girls. As Alex took off his shirt, folded it and placed on the cabinet, he undid his belt.
As Alex unzipped his trousers, he tried the zipper to make a louder sound. He wanted the girls to know what he was doing.
Finally, he stepped out of his trousers, folded them and placed them over his shirt. He inhaled deeply and pulled his boxers down in one fast motion.
Al last he was ready. He placed his boxers with his other clothes and looked at his penis. It was only slightly erect from seeing Natasha's ass, so Alex grabbed it and carefully stroked it. He didn't want it to be rock hard, but he was still slightly self-conscious and didn't want the girls to see his cock flaccid.
Once he was semi-erect, he stopped jerking. He took another deep breath and entered the room.
Anya was sitting in her chair. She looked almost the same as the last time - she wore a crop top and the same shorts. This crop top fabric was thicker than the one she wore last time, so her bra wasn't visible now.
She uncrossed her legs as he entered, as she probably knew that Alex loved how her crotch looked in those tight shorts. Alex stared at her as he felt his cock slowly standing up.
Alex also noticed Natasha standing to the right of her friend, looking at him delightfully as his penis grew more and more erect.
"Nice to see you, Alex," Anya finally said. "Hi, Anya," he said as he realized he had been imagining this very moment for the last two weeks.
Then he heard another voice. "Nice ass, Alex." The voice came from behind him. He instinctively tried to cover his hard cock with his hands and turned around.
There was a third girl who he hadn't seen before. She was sitting close to the door, so he didn't notice her when he came in.
"Alex, this is Katya, our friend. I forgot to tell you about her." Anya said.
Alex looked at Katya. She had what is usually considered a 'model' appearance. Her boobs were quite small. In fact, they were barely there as the dress she wore wasn't very tight. But it was obvious that the dress was expensive. Alex was no fashion expert, but every detail in Katya's look spoke high maintenance.
She had makeup on, but it looked very professional. Her hair was quite long but also looked gorgeous. Her legs were perfectly shaved.
"You have a lovely body, Alex. I like it," she said as he moved her eyes from his muscular torso to his hands, desperately trying to hide an erection.
"I thought you weren't going to tell anyone, Anya," Alex said. He knew that he was not supposed to object, but he felt deceived.
"But we didn't!" Anya said as if he insulted her. "But Katya is like a sister to us, so we tell her everything. After we had told her of our last time, she couldn't believe you got naked in front of the girls you barely knew. So she told us she has to see you herself."
Alex just stood there. He didn't know what to say. That's not what he was supposed to do, he thought. It took things even further.
Two weeks ago, at least it was his own choice. And at least he lost in strip poker, so it was all relatively fair.
Now he was standing naked in front of the girl that was way out of his league. And there was no apparent reason for this, except the fact that Anya wanted him to humiliate himself further.
"Now, Alex, don't be shy. We know you love when women look at your penis. Let Katya have a look."
Alex didn't know what was worse. He probably could try to escape. The girls will probably laugh at him as he puts his clothes back in embarrassment and he will undoubtedly never see them again. But by showing Katya his erect cock, he would show an extreme degree of submissiveness. Basically, Anya will know she could demand anything from him.
Alex finally moved his hands, placing them on his sides. His cock trembled as it was now exposed for Katya to see.
He looked at her as she smiled studying his penis. His foreskin wasn't completely retracted, but the head was already exposed.
"Alex is just over seven inches," Natasha said. "So it should grow a little once we start."
"By the way, Alex," she continued. "Would you be so kind to bring us something? There's a bottle of wine in the cabinet, we didn't have time to fill our glasses."
Alex didn't object to being a butler. He retrieved the bottle, then reached for the glasses, standing on his toes. He was sure the girls were all looking at his ass as he did that.
He started with Katya. He gave her an empty glass, moving closer to her. This way his cock was only inches apart from her eyes. It bounced a little as he was pouring the wine. The girl was obviously not paying attention to her glass; her eyes focused on Alex's crotch instead.
"Is this the first time you have a naked male butler, Katya?" Alex asked her. "Yes, of course," she smiled.
"Do you like it?"
"Definitely. The girls didn't lie; you have a nice cock, Alex."
"Thank you, Katya," he said as he was finished with the wine.
He then did the same for the other two girls, again standing in front of them so that they had the perfect view.
"So, Alex," Anya told him as he closed the bottle and placed it back. "I should probably tell you what are we going to do today."
Alex stood in front of her, his hands at his sides, displaying his full attention.
"As you spoke about playing for dares two weeks ago, I had an idea. There are five cards. Each one contains a dare for you. For each successful dare, some of us will remove one article of clothing." She looked at Katya.
"Oh, only me and Natasha will be stripping today. Katya s only here to watch."
Alex thought about what the dares could be about. "What if I refuse?"
"Of course you can refuse any dare, Alex. This way, you will get to do dares only for the other girl."
That sounded doable, Alex thought. At least, she wouldn't force him to do anything. So he hoped the presence of Katya was the only surprise she had for him today.
"I'm ready, Anya."
"Great. Let's begin then," Anya said as she turned back to grab the cards. "I want you to read the card aloud - Natasha and Katya don't know what's there." She gave Alex the first card.
Alex turned it over with shaking hands. His voice trembled as he read it aloud.
"Natasha's blouse. Pose for Katya. She will take pictures."
Katya smiled. "I promise I will keep the pictures for myself, Alex. Don't worry."
Alex thought about it. He was not exactly attracted to Katya sexually; she was not just his type of girl. But that was not about sexual attraction, that was about fulfilling the requests of the clothed woman sitting there. He had to let her know she is in control and that his entire body was now her property.
"I agree." Katya was delighted as she heard him saying this. She reached for the purse and took her camera. It was a mid-sized semi-professional DSLR camera. She probably knew some things about photography. Alex now actually liked the idea, it fit his newfound exhibitionism fetish quite well.
"Stand there with a cock in your hand," Katya said. Alex felt aroused by finally being able to submit to her orders.
For the next ten minutes, Katya took around half a hundred of photos. She was quite inventive with the poses. Natasha and Anya watched the performance, only making some small suggestions from time to time.
Finally, Katya was done. "Thank you, Alex. You're quite a good model, you know. You should probably think about doing this professionally. Nude models are not easy to find."
Alex was glad she liked him. He remembered being able to excite Natasha two weeks ago. That was definitely one of the highlights of his experience so far.
"Oh, Alex, there's one more thing I wanted to do," Katya said as she looked at Anya.
"Anya told me you were nice enough to hold the purse for her last time," she said to him. Alex heard Natasha giggling as she remembered how he looked. "You see, I have a fashion blog, and I have always wanted to do something like this. I hope you don't mind taking another few pictures? These won't show your face, so you shouldn't worry."
Alex saw where she was going. He didn't really like it, but he also didn't want to stop so early.
"Ok, let's do this."
"Wonderful. Anya, do you have the bag from our last shopping trip together?" Anya nodded and went to retrieve the bag.
It was a generic bag from a luxury clothing store. It was empty, so Anya placed some of her makeup there for some added weight. She handed the bag to Katya.
"Natasha, could you take a photo?" Natasha took the camera from Katya and stood back, showing that she is ready.
"Alex, come closer," Katya said. As he stood directly in front of her, she gave him the bag and watched as he hung the bag from his cock. He was excited to serve as an accessory for the photo shoot.
"Stand there. Turn sideways." Katya then reached for her purse once again, this time taking out the sunglasses. She wore them, then straightened her hair.
"Do I look good?" she asked Natasha.
"Yes, you look gorgeous. Alex looks so submissive standing there with your bag on his cock!" Natasha said as she prepared to take a photo.
She took two pictures, then moved a little and took one more.
"Should be fine, I hope," she said as she handed the camera back to Katya.
Katya checked the pictures. "It doesn't show your face, Alex, relax. Your penis looks gorgeous there. The pictures will be very popular."
Alex smiled. He wasn't sure he should be happy the picture of his cock will be on the popular website. No one should recognize him, he hoped.
Then he turned to Natasha, looking her in the eyes.
"What, Alex? Oh, yes, I almost forgot I have to take it off."
She slowly unbuttoned the buttons below her neck, then reached to the bottom of the blouse with her hands and lifted it.
Alex has already seen her only in her bra, but he was still glad to see it again. She was wearing the white bra this time. Its cups were smaller that the bra she had on her last time, revealing more of her firm breasts. Alex enjoyed looking at her shoulders and stomach for a while.
"That was easy, Alex, wasn't it?" Anya said, smiling. "Now, here's the next one."
She offered him the second card. Alex took it and turned over.
"My top. You have to let Katya have fun with your cock."
Alex was delighted. Not only it didn't look hard at all, he actually was longing to do this for a while now. While Natasha and Anya were the girls that were a part of the game, teasing him, Katya was a spectator. She only came here to watch a submissive guy doing whatever the ladies tell him. It would be unfair not to let her take control of his penis.
He moved closer. "You can touch my cock, Katya."
The girl looked at Alex's member, thinking of what she wanted to do.
The head of Alex's penis was quite wide, so the foreskin still hasn't retracted completely, covering the edge of the head. So Katya grabbed the shaft with her fingers and started pulling the foreskin carefully.
Alex and Natasha looked at each other as they both remembered Natasha doing the same thing when she first was in control.
Now that the head was finally exposed for her, Katya started playing with Alex's balls. It was definitely not the first time she handled a cock, but most likely the first time she did so clothed.
Once she was done, she carefully examined every inch of Alex's cock, not neglecting using her fingers.
Katya then pointed at the chair.
"Move the chair closer, Alex." Alex made several steps and bent over as he lifted it. He placed it in front of Katya.
"Now sit. Offer yourself to me."
Alex sat on the very edge of the chair. This way his balls hung down freely. He spread his legs as wide as possible.
Katya enjoyed the view for a second, then lifted her right foot.
She carefully touched the inner side of Alex's thigh with her toes, then rubbed her shoe against his skin. She was watching as Alex's cock was shaking in anticipation.
She then started to move her feet closer to his crotch. She stopped only inches away from it, lowered it a little, then carefully rubbed Alex's balls with the bridge of her foot.
"Do you like it, Alex?"
"Yes, your skin is so smooth. I love how you caress my balls."
Katya then switched to the tip of her shoe. She carefully moved it along the shaft from the underside, from the very point where the balls are attached, slowly moving up to the tip.
"Argh," Alex screamed through his teeth, not being able to withstand the tension. He heard Natasha laughing.
Katya wasn't stopping. She was now moving his cock from side to side, still only using her feet. Then she pressed the sole into it, lowering the penis just enough for Alex to feel a little bit of pain.
"I want you to do this yourself, Alex," she said. She sat back and crossed her legs.
Alex obediently kneeled in front of her and started rubbing his cock against her feet. He kept his hands behind his back as he did this. He turned his head a little and saw both Anya and Natasha changing their places to get a better view.
Finally, the Katya was content.
"Good boy, Alex. We're finished for now."
Alex stood up and returned to his place. He turned to Anya.
She smiled at him. This time, her smile actually looked friendly, she probably knew that Alex deserved this.
She placed her hands on the bottom of her crop top and started lifting it very slowly.
Her breasts were gorgeous. She wore a black lace bra, showing just the right amount of her cleavage. Anya placed her top on the table.
"Do you like them, Alex?"
"They look fantastic. I'm excited that you let me see them."
"Don't get too excited yet, Alex. There are more dares, and, who knows, you may even see my panties today".
Alex was delighted she was willing to do this. He guessed that Natasha will be the one to undress next, so he's only two dares away from finally be able to see Anya without her tight shorts.
"I'm ready for the next one."
Anya passed Alex the card. For the third time, he took a deep breath, turned it around and read it.
"Natasha's skirt. Let us tie you up and have fun."
Alex nodded. "Alright." That was another step up - now he will not be able to move as all three girls will have their way with his body. The card doesn't say anything about their "fun" being limited to his crotch, and he already knew Anya didn't just forget to mention it. He should expect the other parts of his body to receive some attention.
"How are you going to tie him up, exactly?" Natasha asked her friend, not hiding the excitement in her voice.
"I think he should be standing," she said as she was already walking up to him with a rope in her hands. She probably didn't doubt for a second that Alex would agree, so she had everything ready.
Anya made him spread his legs, placing them almost uncomfortably wide. She then tied them both - one to the couch, another to the table.
The girls then spent some time carefully tying his hands while he held them up. The right hand was tied to the curtain rod, the left one - to the cabinet. In the end, they tightened the ropes so that Alex couldn't move even a little.
Katya stood in front of him. She bit her lip as she lifted her dress a little, offering Alex a look at her slim thighs.
She reached under the dress with her hands, grabbing her panties and pulling them down.
Alex breathed heavily as he looked at her tiny black lace panties hanging on her calves. She then dropped them on the floor, stepped out and grabbed them from the floor.
He understood she wasn't doing this to reward him. Instead, that was just another way to assert control.
Katya walked up to Alex and placed her finger on his lips.
"Open your mouth, Alex."
After he had done as she ordered, Katya stuffed her panties into his mouth. To Alex's delight, they were wet.
He closed his eyes with pleasure as he licked the pussy juice with his tongue.
Katya then turned around and pressed her rack into Alex's crotch. She rubbed her hips against his cock for a while. After doing that, she moved back slowly, still staring at him.
She then grabbed the camera.
Alex moaned. He really wanted to object, but at the same time he was extremely excited by the fact that he couldn't do so.
"I like how you look at me, Alex," Katya said. She wiggled her hips as she moved from angle to angle, teasing Alex, reminding him that she wasn't wearing panties, but he will never get to see her pussy.
Alex was content with just tasting her.
Then Anya moved closer to him. She carefully ran her finger from the base of his penis to the shaft, then teased the tip for a while. Alex noticed a drop of pre-cum coming out of the tip. Anya wiped it with her finger, smiling contently, then wiped it on Alex's chest. She moved behind Alex.
He heard Natasha giggling and immediately felt Anya spreading his butt cheeks with her hands. Anya moved to the side.
"Look what we have here, girls," Anya said. Alex instinctively tightened the outer ring around his asshole.
"Don't worry, Alex, I'm not going to hurt you. We're just going to look."
She lied. She had removed her left hand, releasing one of his buttocks. His asshole was still exposed, though. Anya started to move her finger down from Alex's lower back toward his butt cleavage.
Inches away from his asshole, she stopped and removed her finger. She then started again, now from below, from the patch of skin between his cock and asshole. Now she was moving up.
This time, she did reach his asshole. Alex tightened his muscles again, as Anya started to circle her finger around it. Then she finally touched the most sensitive part.
As Alex felt her finger over his must vulnerable spot, he shuddered with pleasure. He was now ready to let Anya inside him, desperately waiting for her to push her finger in.
She didn't do so. Alex wasn't able to ask her to do this, and she probably didn't want to go so far yet.
As Anya continued teasing his butt crack with her fingers, Natasha grabbed his cock with her hand. Alex shuddered as her touch was colder than he expected. He instinctively tried to move his pelvis backward, but the ropes didn't allow him to do this.
Natasha played with Alex's cock very carefully, stopping as soon as she saw Alex getting anywhere close to cumming. But he was soon exhausted.
"Girls, I think he's had enough," she finally said. Katya took her panties from his mouth and sat on the couch, looking at the photos she just took.
As the girls finally untied him, Natasha stood in front of him, turning around to let Alex an excellent view of her rack. She tried to reach back with her hands, but she was probably not used to wearing this skirt.
"Alex, can you help me, please?" He moved his hands.
"Not with your hands, silly," Anya exclaimed.
Alex knelt down, grabbing the zipper on Natasha's skirt with his teeth. He started to move it down slowly.
Natasha wiggled her hips as Alex was staring directly at her butt.
Her ass was exceptionally firm - Natasha apparently paid a lot of attention to it during her workouts. It was small, but almost perfectly round.
She was wearing plain white cotton tanga panties. Alex was finally done with the zipper, so he stood up and moved back.
"Thank you, Alex." Natasha bent over as she pulled down her skirt, offering Alex an even better view of her butt. She then stood out of it with one foot, raising the skirt with the other, grabbing it with her hand.
She threw her skirt away and turned around, placing her hands on her waist.
Alex immediately noticed a wet spot on her panties. He mustered a smile.
"See, Alex, you've been a good boy today. You have even managed to make me wet. No other man could do so without even touching me."
Alex smiled again. He realized that the next card would probably have Anya's shorts in it. He couldn't believe she was going to take them off at last. There must be me some catch.
Anya passed him the card. Alex read it aloud.
"My shorts. You have to walk along the corridor three times. Naked, of course."
He looked at Anya. She placed her thumbs into the belt holes on her shorts, then turned around quickly, to let Alex see what she was offering to take off.
It was not what he expected. Up to this moment, everything he did was between them four. This was a step above.
He was almost sure someone would see him walking there naked. And he remembered how things worked here too well from his day in the campus. The very next day literally everyone will know about his fetishes. He was ready for some humiliation, but not in public.
"No, Anya. I can't do this. I'm sorry."
"As you wish, Alex.", she said, seemingly not being surprised by his decision. "Then there's only one card left. If you do this, Natasha will take off her bra. Don't worry, this card is nothing like the previous one."
Finally, Alex was going to see Natasha's boobs. He actually thought about them all the time, after seeing her in her bra two weeks ago. He couldn't wait to enjoy staring at her nipples.
The only thing that was between him and Natasha undoing that little clasp was this one dare. Not a big deal.
He took the card. "Make her an offer," it said. He looked at Anya, not understanding what that meant.
"You see, Alex," she evidently expected that he will need an explanation, "there are boundaries that we are not able to cross. Last time, you initiated all the action, we just played along. We wouldn't be able just to ask you to show us your privates," she said as she glanced at Alex's standing cock.
"So this time, I think, we should do the same. Offer Natasha something. If she likes it, you will see her topless. But you have to offer something substantial - she has already seen a lot".
Alex looked her in the eyes. Anya smiled a little, happy with her idea. So she plotted it all from the start, Alex thought. He knew that females can be mischievous, but this was over the top.
Now he had to think of the way to humiliate himself even more. What would impress Natasha? She apparently still enjoyed seeing him standing naked in front of her, but there was nothing he could show her. She already knew all his secrets.
There was one thing that Alex thought about right after the first time with the girls. As he thought if he had any ways left to impress them, he had an idea.
By now, he was sure he could do this. Having Katya watching this wasn't in his plans, but it even made the whole thing even more exciting.
The only thing bothered him. Wasn't it too much? What would the girls think of him if he offers this? Though, to be fair, they probably don't think much of him anyway.
So, it seems, he has no choice. Again. He looked Natasha in the eyes. She was as excited as when he was about to start masturbating two weeks ago. Only now she didn't know yet what to expect.
"Natasha..." he started, trying to keep his voice calm without much success. "Natasha, would you like to peg me?"
"Wow," she muttered. "You are going to allow me to fuck you with a strapon? In the ass?"
"Yes, Natasha. That's what pegging is." He now looked around. Katya was no less stunned than Natasha. She probably never imagined it would go this far when the girls invited her.
Anya actually looked delighted, not surprised. Alex was now almost sure that was also a part of her plan. What else could he offer to Natasha, after all?
"Well, I never imagined you asking that, Alex, " Natasha has finally replied. "I'm not even sure we have a strapon on hand." "We actually do," said Anya. Natasha looked at her and started to say something.
"Why..."
Anya looked her in the eyes strictly. Natasha stopped, realizing that asking Anya why does she have a strapon was not a good idea.
Anya went to the cabinet and returned with a strapon. To Alex's relief, it was not unnaturally big, probably around the size of his own cock. It was black and smooth, shaped like a real cock (but without veins).
Anya also brought a bottle of lubricant. Alex smiled, as this all turned out not as bad as he feared.
Anya gave the strapon to Natasha. She looked at Alex.
"Are you still sure we are doing this?" Alex nodded.
She spent almost a minute - a painfully long minute for Alex - working out how she was supposed to wear it. Finally, she bent over, stepping into the straps with both of her legs. She then pulled the straps up, straightening the whole toy. It fit her wet crotch nicely.
"I like how it fits," she said. "It is quite exciting to feel it with my pussy."
"Alex," she said as she turned to him. "Stand on all fours here. I want you to see Katya as I penetrate you doggy-style." Alex obeyed.
He heard Natasha taking the bottle from the table, applying the lubricant, then closing the bottle and placing it back. He reached to his butt with his hands and spread his cheeks as wide as possible. He then felt Natasha kneeling behind him.
"Katya, do you like it?" Anya asked. Katya was sitting there, still looking stunned. It took her a moment to process the question, as she was staring at the strapon Natasha was about to use.
"Yes, I never expected him to be so... submissive."
"Have you ever saw strapon play before?"
"No. I mean, yes, I used a strapon once, but it was with a girl, and the penetration was vaginal, not anal." Alex really wanted to know if Katya was on the receiving side, but he was not in the position to ask.
Alex felt the tip pressing against his anus. It was slightly cold and wet from the lubricant. Natasha then moved the tip up and down, teasing Alex.
"Do you like it, Alex?" He nodded.
Natasha started pressing the tip inside. Alex felt as it was slightly moving forward. Finally, the tip went in, and Alex moaned with pleasure.
"Did it hurt?"
"No, go on. Please." Alex didn't even have to look at Katya to imagine her sitting there enjoying the view. And he wasn't able to see Anya, who was standing behind his back, able to see the process in detail.
Natasha thrust her pelvis forward. The tip was now inside, so Alex felt the shaft coming in. She was testing how hard it could go. She moved very slowly and carefully, but soon her crotch touched Alex's ass. His cock trembled in delight as he released his cheeks and stood up with his hands.
The girl then moved back and forth again, going slightly faster with each repetition.
Alex kept moaning quietly. Surprisingly for him, it didn't feel painful at all. In fact, he was enjoying it. He only wished that it was not Natasha who penetrated his ass, but her friend. He tried to imagine Anya thrusting the dildo into his butt, but he couldn't concentrate.
"It's fun," Natasha said. "I wish you both did this. Well, you may actually have the chance later. What do you think, Alex?" She probably didn't expect him to reply. "I could do this all day. My pussy is absolutely wet right now."
Natasha started to thrust harder. Alex felt his pre-cum started dripping from his cock.
"Natasha," he moaned. "Could you please turn me over? I would love to see you smiling as you are doing this."
She paused with a dildo deep in his ass. "Well, why not. Get on the bed." She pulled it out and stood up. Alex stood up to, showing his dripping cock to Katya. She moved to the side to make room for him. Alex looked at Natasha.
She looked fantastic, standing there, holding her toy that was inside him just moments ago. He only could see a thin strip of her pants, but it was thoroughly wet.
He sat down on the bed, then laid back, raising his legs with his hands. His cock lied down on his stomach helplessly.
Katya moved forward to take a look. The surprise wore off her face, so now she was just enjoying the show. Alex didn't even have to spread his ass, as his asshole was already exposed in this position.
Natasha kneeled down and moved forward, directing the tip with her hand.
"Natasha, don't you think it's about time you showed our guest something?" Finally, Alex heard Anya's voice. She was now sitting in her chair, sipping the wine. She kept her legs crossed so Alex couldn't see if she was wet.
"Yes, I guess so," Natasha said as she reached back to undo the clasp of her bra. Alex looked at her, as she was standing there, on her knees, her strapon only inches away from his ass. She was done with the clasp and now was removing the straps from her shoulders. As she finished, she was holding her bra with her hands.
"So, it took a lot of you to finally see this, don't you think, Alex?" He mustered a smile. She slowly pulled her bra down.
Her nipples were rock hard, Alex thought. They were averagely sized (for hard nipples, of course), with slightly larger than average areolas. He tried to savor every moment looking at her firm breasts before she starts pegging him again. But it wasn't long.
This time, Natasha wasn't so careful. Her first thrust was fast and hard, so Alex moaned again.
As she was going back and forth again, Alex finally concentrated on her face. The shy girl who he only met once before was now bursting with joy as she penetrated his ass. Her breasts bounced up and down a little with each thrust. Her hair was now messy, but she apparently didn't care.
By now, Alex couldn't hold off much longer. He knew that he should ask for permission to cum.
"Natasha, could you stroke my cock?" he said. She looked at him.
"Ask nicely."
"Natasha, please, let me cum!" he almost shouted.
"Nicely, Alex."
"Natasha, I beg you. Please allow me to cum."
"That'll do," she finally said. He would be delighted if only he could think of something. Now he just felt a primal urge to cum.
The girl reached forward as she continued the thrusts. She took his penis in her hand and started slowly stroking it, caressing the tip with her thumb. Alex was already close to climax, so it took him only four, maybe five strokes to reach the orgasm. He ejaculated violently, the first drop of his sperm landing on his chin. He closed his eyes and moaned. His anus contracted around the strapon that was still inside him.
He imagined himself from above, lying with his legs raised. Natasha, this lovely cute brunette, stood in front of him topless, with an artificial cock in his ass. Katya, who was still completely clothed, sat just beside him, seeing every detail of his humiliation.
As was Anya, who still sat where he last saw her. A girl he was dreaming about from the day he met her has now witnessed him submitting his last resort, his ass, completely to her friend. It was the most intense orgasm of his life, but was it worth it?
Natasha finally pulled out her toy. Her nipples were still quite hard, so she was probably going to pleasure herself once he is gone. Alex placed his legs on the floor.
"What do you think of our guest, Katya?" "That was incredible. It was the ultimate thing a man could offer to a woman - and it was his idea. I wonder how you made him do that."
Anya smiled. "Alex, it's time for you to go. Here are the paper towels, clean yourself and put on your clothes". Alex took the towels and wiped his semen from his chin and chest. He was still lying on the bed, his legs sill spread wide, offering the girls a perfect view of his now almost flaccid cock. He then stood up and started putting on his clothes. Natasha went to the bathroom, so Katya was the one to lock the door after him.
"Bye, Alex. There's my number in your pocket, you know. In case you want to see me again." He smiled. By now, he wasn't exactly sure he wants to see any of the girls again.