Written with permission from GTO_Racer...
This is the epilogue ofGTO_Racer'sDamage Control. As he would say, this is a work of fiction. If you don't know the drill, you have no business reading this. Constructive comments are appreciated. "You suck!" comments get you laughed at as a loser with nothing to do but troll stories on here. All persons are over 18 years old...
Stacie
When you see pictures of Machu Picchu on the internet you look at it and think "Wow! This is beautiful." In truth, the pictures don't even come close to how beautiful it is. The hike up the mountain is taxing if you're not in decent shape. Our group had to stop a couple times so that some of the older people in our group could catch their breath. It was worth it when we made it to the top. To see such a magnificent piece of history like this... Wow.
I know you're probably wondering what being in Peru has to do with mine and Tara's story. Well, this was our vacation. We'd been wanting to see South America since we were girls (both of us are history buffs). Machu Picchu was actually at the top of the list for us to see.
I was standing next to a cliff and staring into the valley. I wasn't looking at anything really, I was thinking back over the last few years at all the things that Tara and I had been through. Most were good, and some weren't. I was thinking about "that" weekend where she and I got together. If you'd have told me that my starting a D/s relationship with two of my friends as my submissives was what I needed to feel whole, I'd have laughed at you. But it was and like I decided, I embraced it and moved forward.
I looked at the hills surrounding the mountain top I was standing on, and I noticed a fallen tree and on it was sitting what looked like a jaguar. I pulled my camera up and zoomed in as fast as I could and snapped a few pictures of it. It looked so majestic laying on the tree, kind of like it was laying on its throne and surveyed its domain. I smiled as my mind flashed back to 4 years ago.
The 15-year Anniversary of The Club
I walked in and met Samantha in the foyer. She kissed me on the cheek, and we spoke for a moment as she scanned my invitation.
"You're not checking your cloak?" Samantha asked me.
"No, I want to surprise Tara with what I'm wearing." I opened it a little bit so she could see my outfit. Samantha looked and smiled.
"Tara will absolutely eat you up after she sees that on you." she told me. I thanked her for the compliment. "You went all out with your submissives tonight."
"Nope, this is all them." I told her.
"Really?"
"Yup. They told me last month that this is as much of a reflection on me as it is on them. They wanted the 'shock and awe' effect, I indulged them."
We turned and looked at my pets. Both were wearing their platinum collars with the cat charms that I had bought them for formal occasions like this. Marie wanted to show off the tattoo I had gotten her. She was wearing a crotchless baby doll that held her D cups perfectly suspended. The bottom of the outfit consisted of two strands of pearls attached to the front and back of it. When you looked at it, you saw a lace tank top with two strands of pearls that covered her cunt. She glowed in happiness when I presented the negligee to her after having replaced the plastic pearls with real ones. She had found a completely sheer wrap made that would be like one you'd wear over a bikini. It showed her tattoo off nicely. Jenny was wearing a sharkskin minidress that you could see the bottom of her ass cheeks (12 years of soccer did wonders for that woman's ass). It also had a plunging neckline that stopped below her navel. Her piercings were very noticeable, as was the 24-karat chain that connected them with the collar she was wearing. Both of them had tanned all summer and were dark enough to look very Hispanic.
"Tara is alone tonight, but she's up with Gail, Mandy, Linda, and April."
"Kat was looking forward to tonight, what happened?"
"Tara said her daughter in law went into labor early." Samantha told me.
"Oh, I can't wait to see pictures." I told her. We chatted for a couple more minutes before we walked into the main area.
You want to know who Marie is, and I'm sure you're going to want to know just how I can afford everything that I bought my pets... Well, Marie is Izzy. She had a big fight with her parents three weeks ago and they disowned her. I had offered to help with her school expenses, but she's on a full academic scholarship. I did "explain" to her that I would beat her black and blue if she needed help and didn't come to me for it.
"You're mine to love and care for and I'm more than willing to help if you need it." I told her.
"Thank you, Mistress..." She said taking one of my hands and kissing it. I used the other to cup her cheek and smile at her. She told me a couple days later that she wanted me to use her middle name. She explained that she wanted a clean break with her old life and that her brother called her Belle and not Izzy. As for how I can afford the things I bought my pets, the sperm donor was nice enough to set up a half million-dollar trust for me before he went to prison. It's for college and post-graduate studies. Thankfully, I got a full academic ride and didn't need it. Honestly, until Marie and Jenny came along, I never used it or even wanted to. Somehow the money just felt... dirty.
Marie and Jenny were following behind me and watching the women dressed in fetish clothing as they danced in the cages at the walls of the club. The main cage in the center of the dance floor was occupied by two women, one wearing black and the other wearing white. Gail had also apparently gotten some of her bondage equipment and moved it into the main club area and was letting her patrons use it. There was an all-female band playing on stage as well. I made my way to the stairs and walked up. The large muscular woman in black at the top met me with her iPad.
"Good evening Mistress Stacie." Ronnie (Don't' call me Veronica) said to me."Good evening Ronnie, busy tonight?"
"A bit, yes." Her eyes looked down at the floor and all the people below us. "Just so you're aware of it, lots of people on the floor are staring at your pets." she told me.
I smiled a wicked smile. "Good, let them see what I have and how proud of them I am." I told her as I slipped her a Ulysses S Grant.
"Have a good evening Mistress Stacie." She told me as she held the curtain open for us.
"Thanks Ronnie." I replied and we walked in.
Kayla was kneeling just inside the VIP area waiting for the three of us when we went through the curtain. "Mistress Stacie, I'm here to guide you to your usual seating area. May I take your cloak?"
"No. When we get to the table, my pets will take it off of me and then you will take it from them, understand?"
"I understand, Mistress..." She spoke.
We walked over to our area. I stood, not moving, but staring at my girlfriend. She looked over her smoke-colored lenses at me. I smiled seductively at her as my pets took my cloak off.
Her mouth opened wide as she took in what I was wearing. I had bought two half corsets, one black and one white, taken a half of each, and put them together so I had a corset that was both black and white. Likewise, with my boots, I had gotten Ricky and Ruby to make me a black pair and a white pair with colored laces to match. I was wearing a black boot with white laces and a white boot with black laces. The skirt I was wearing, I had to have made. I took a page from Tara's book from that weekend (The skirt with the cut to her hip) and modified it a bit. It was cut diagonally from just below my right hip bone to the ankle of my left leg and was colored black and white (No... No black and white thong you perverts). When I modeled it for mom this evening, she made a joke that I looked like a Batman villain and called me Mistress Domino. I thought about that for a second... "I like it..." I said to her with a grin.
Tara was wearing a black corset dress with stockings attached to it with her boots. I licked my lips as I stared at all that creamy goodness that was spilling out over the top of her corset. She didn't see me do that because she was standing in a hurry and moving towards Gail. She whispered something in her ear. Gail laughed, reached inside her top, pulled out a key, and handed it to her.
"I have a new chair that needs christening sitting to the right of my desk." She spoke.
Tara grabbed my hand and dragged me to a door and unlocked it. She pushed it open as fast as she could, dragging me in, and slamming the door behind her. I would swear that I heard everyone in the VIP room laughing, but I didn't care.
She dragged me over to what looked like an overstuffed office chair. "What did you have..." was all I got out before she pushed me into the chair, forcefully pushed my skirt up, and attached her mouth to my pussy. "OH FUCK!!!!" I screamed as she pushed two fingers into my soaked pussy. She went to town on it like it was the last source of water in the desert and she was dying. I grabbed both armrests and held on for dear life. She pushed her tongue as deep as she could into me at the same time, she touched my G spot. It took everything I had not to cum, but Tara would not be denied. She leaned back and used her left hand to rub my clit while her other hand rubbed my G spot. She got up in my face close enough that I could smell myself on her... which she knew turned me on even more.
"You like that?" She asked quietly.
"UH HUH!!!" was all I could get out.
"Are you sure?"
"YES!!!"
"I can stop if you want me to."
"NO!!!"
"You like making your woman this horny?"
"YEEESSSS!!!"
"You like me taking you like this, don't you?" Tara asked at the same time she pushed her fingers deeper into me."OHHHHHH FUCK YESSSSSS!!" I yelled.
"Are you going to cum for me?"
I violently shook my head no.
"Oh yes you will..." Tara said with a firm tone. She pushed her fingers in deeper and went back to sucking on my clit. Tara kept that up for another few... I have NO idea how long she kept it up. Eventually she got right up next to my ear and whispered.
"Cum for me my love... Cum for me now... Cum all over me so everyone will know that I'm yours. Mark me lover, I want to wear your cum tonight. I'll wear it proudly..." She whispered to me.
That was all it took. "OOOOHHHHHHHHHFFFFFFFUUUCKMEEEEEEEEE!" Was all I remember screaming.
Well, I wish I could tell you what happened after I screamed, but all I remember was having the best orgasm I've ever had from her. I didn't pass out, but my vision was blurry. Speaking? Forget about it. I felt Tara caressing my cheek as I left heaven and came back to earth.
"Baby?" she asked me.
"Huh..." I replied.
"Are you ok?"
"Uh huh..." I replied again.
"Did I short circuit your brain?"
"Uh-huh..." I said with a smile.
"Do you need a minute?" She asked quietly giggling.
"Uh huh..."
The first night we were together, I made it a point to tell her not to clean her mouth off after she went down on me. My thought is that if she's willing to do it to me, I better be willing to kiss and show my appreciation to her after she's finished. When I could feel my arms and legs again, I grabbed Tara, pulled her to me, and wrapped my legs around her. I kissed her like there was no tomorrow. I didn't give a flying shit about our makeup or where it ended up. Our hands moved all over each other's bodies and there was nothing else in the world, just the two of us. My heart was beating fast, not because I had just had a world-ending orgasm... Well yes because of that, but more because of who was kissing me. I knew what I felt in my heart and soul and knew that it was time to tell her. I pushed her back and stood. I took her hands in mine, pulled her to her feet, and looked her in the eyes.
"Tara, I hadn't planned on what I'm about to say to you tonight, I wanted to find a more perfect place. But the place isn't as important as the timing. You told me a month ago that you wanted to know if I ever had any ideas that I would want to back out, and you asked that I tell you. Do you remember that?"
"Yes, I remember telling you that." She said with the start of tears in her eyes.
"Baby, please don't cry, I'm not backing out of our relationship, I promise." I told her, wiping the tears away. "Quite the contrary. I want you by my side and I want you with me for as long as we last. What I'm saying is..." I looked down, kissed both her hands, and then looked back up at her. "I love you..."
Her mouth dropped open, and the tears started falling. "You love me?"
I nodded my head as I started to cry. "Yes, Tara Andrews, I love you with all my heart and I can't imagine life without you."
She covered her face with her hands and started to fall to the floor, instinctively, I grabbed her as she dropped. "Baby, what's wrong?! Are you ok?! Tara! Talk to me please! Tara!" I did the only thing I could do and wrapped my arms around her and pulled her into my chest and held her. Tara wrapped her arms around me and squeezed me tight. She sat there and just let it all out.
She looked up at me after a couple minutes. "I've wanted to hear those words from your lips for so long now. I was positive that I never would." She sniffed and I wiped some tears from her eyes with my thumb. "When I finally did, I couldn't handle the happiness and joy that filled my soul. I love you Stacie Johnson." She said quietly.
"I love you Tara Andrews."
Present time
I was snapped back to reality as I saw the Jaguar jump off his throne and run into the trees. I walked over to what I was told was the sacrificial chamber and listened to the tour guide explain the rituals and the human sacrifices to the sun god and how they believed that the sun god would bless their crops and give them prosperity. I saw Tara looking at one of the walls of the temple and took a couple pictures of her as she looked at the carvings. I smiled as I watched her mind work. She had her finger up like she was reading the ancient language. I walked over to her and slid my hand into hers."Whatcha looking at, lover?" I asked her.
"This is incredible and the pictures you see of these carvings really don't do it justice." She told me as she read on.
"You never thought you'd get down here?" I asked her.
She wrapped her arm around my shoulder and pulled me close to her. "I never thought I'd make it down here with the woman I love." She said smiling at me. She leaned down and we lightly kissed and then went back to looking at the ruins.
We walked over to what used to be the main gathering area for meetings. The tour guide explained that this was the place where the tribal leaders would meet to discuss the status of the regions they controlled. This was also the communal center where they had the ceremonies honoring their gods and asking for forgiveness for their transgressions. Once again, my mind flashed back to the night of the party.
15th Anniversary party cont.
Tara showed me Gail's private bathroom, and I have to admit that I'm impressed. I won't bore you with the details, suffice it to say that everything in it was made for two. We stood at the office door and looked at each other after fixing our makeup.
"Ready my love?" She asked me.
"Absolutely my love." I replied as I took her hand in mine. She opened the office door and we walked out like nothing had happened. Everyone looked at us for a moment but went back to whatever they were doing. The chair where my clutch was sitting, had Marie kneeling in front of it, with Jenny standing behind it. Linda and her wife April got up to greet us.
They were a late twenties couple that had gotten together quite unexpectedly a couple years ago after Kayla's ex-boyfriend had challenged Mandy to a race. He lost. His girlfriend at the time, April, spent 24 hours with Gail and Mandy. Linda had fallen in love with her, and the rest was history. Neither of them was into the BDSM lifestyle, but they enjoyed coming to the club. Oh... and Linda is Gail's Niece. She also put Linda through college and even law school on her own dime.
"We didn't get a chance to say hi before your girlfriend took you off and had her way with you." April said giggling and wrapping me up in a hug.
"You, my dear, look rode hard and put away wet." Linda said as she tried to keep from laughing. Our little group started to laugh. I just enjoyed the post orgasmic glow.
"I haven't been fucked like that in... Ever." I said with a huge sigh of contentment. Everyone laughed and Tara blushed a bit. "Jenny, go and get..." I started to ask Tara if she wanted something to drink, but she was looking elsewhere.
She was looking at the entrance to the VIP area as a dark-haired woman walked in. I'm guessing that the woman is Karmen since the woman who's hand she was holding was Lindsey Decker. I thought back to high school and my bitch streak flared a bit remembering all the problems she'd caused my lover. But I felt Tara put her hand in mine and she smiled at me as if to say, "It's the past, let it go."
Seriously, how the hell does she do that? You gotta get her to teach you that...
"I know right?" I told my inner voice.
She took me with her over to meet Karmen and Lindsey. Karmen was attractive, but not even close to Tara's league. Lindsey looked to have put more muscle on her frame since we graduated, and I have to admit that she looked good with it. You could tell that she had never been here before because she was busy taking in all the scenery around her. But her eyes brightened when she saw Tara. "How are you Karmen?" She asked as they hugged and kissed on the cheeks.
"Tara, I'm the happiest woman on the planet these days, how are you?" Karmen asked.
"More than ready to challenge you for the title of happiest woman on earth. Karmen, this is the love of my life and the other half of my soul, Stacie Johnson." She said introducing me.
I held my hand out to her, but Karmen shook her head. Instead, she tightly embraced me and kissed me on the cheek. "Handshakes are for friends; you and she are family." Karmen told me. We were both a bit puzzled at that statement so Karmen clarified it for us. She explained. "Lindsey, show them what I gave you for Christmas." Her whole face blushed as she held up her left hand. I saw one of the most beautiful diamond engagement rings that I've ever seen on her ring finger. Tara grinned as she held her arms out for Lindsey. She was in tears as she embraced her former Mistress. I'll admit... I may have shed one or two as well. "I wouldn't have Lindsey if it hadn't been for you, Tara."
"I'm so happy for you Lindsey. I know now that I made the right choice when I let you go with Karmen." She said to her. She let her step back and then hugged Karmen.
"Mistress Stacie, may I speak to you privately?" Lindsey asked, touching me on the arm. I held my hand out to her and walked over to the bar with her. She went to the at your service pose and then spoke. "I want..." She frowned for a second and then spoke again. "No, I NEED to apologize to you for all the bullshit I put you and Mistress Tara through in school. I'm not going to try and justify my actions, but I will say that Mistress Tara made me see just how miserable I was and the strife I was causing in other's lives..." She bowed her head in respect to me. "I ask for your forgiveness and hope that we can at least be cordial in the future."
"Look at me..." I told her. She lifted her head and tentatively looked me in the eye. "It's in the past, let's leave it there and enjoy where we're going in the future, ok?"
"Thank you, Mistress Stacie." She said with a couple tears. I gathered her up in my arms and hugged her.
"Congratulations, and like Tara said, I wish you and Karmen the best." I let go of her and smiled a friendly smile. "If anyone deserves to be happy, it's you." I told her nodding my head.
"Thank you, Stacie..." She said giving me another hug.
"Tell me about southern California..." I asked her. She told me about her new life and how she had finished her certification and started teaching yoga at a local gym and she really enjoyed it. She also told me that her YouTube channel had just broken one hundred thousand followers. She then told me about how Karmen and her had fallen in love and how she'd asked to marry her at the top of Big Sur as the sun was setting. She asked me about Tara and how long we had been together. I left out a lot of details, but I told her about "That" weekend and how we'd gotten together. We hugged and shed some tears about our loves and then went over and sat down. We all talked for a while about wedding plans, dates, dresses, and all sorts of female things. I looked over at my pets, smirked, and decided it was time.
Oh? You gonna let yo bitch streak fly now?
"Ab-so-lutely I am..." I said to my inner voice. I got Gail's attention and asked her what the best wine she had in the club was.
She didn't even need to think about it. "The 2017 Charles Krug Chardonnay." I looked over at Mandy who was nodding her head in agreement.
I smiled. "Pets..." I said motioning them to lean close. I quietly gave them their instructions and handed Jenny my credit card. Both of them smiled at me. Jenny shifted her dress a bit, so her piercings were visible. Marie took off her wrap and handed it to me so that her tattoo was completely visable. They both held their heads up with pride and started walking to the downstairs bar area.
"You know they're gonna cause a few heart attacks downstairs, right?" Mandy asked me as Tara, Karmen, Linda and April snickered. Gail? Gail had her fingers steepled and was smiling, having a good idea of what I was doing.
"I saw Lisa (Karnes, Surgeon at Kindred Hospital) when I walked in, so there's a doctor if one's needed." I told her as I stood and walked over to the one-way window that overlooked the floor. Our group all got up and walked over to see what I was looking at. I don't think I could have planned it any better. The second Marie stepped through the VIP curtain; the band started playing "Mississippi Queen".
"Mississippi Queen..." I quietly sang along with the band.
"Do you know what I mean..." Tara sang as she wrapped her arms around my shoulders as we watched.
"Fuck me running..." both Karmen and Lindsey mumbled at the same time as she watched them walk down the stairs.
We all watched as they put extra swing in their hips. A couple of the dancers in the cages were watching as well. The crowd started to part so they could get by. When they got to the bar, Marie looked at the woman she was standing next to and winked seductively at her. The woman smiled and licked her upper lip. Jenny reached inside her dress, and her breast "accidentally" fell out while reaching for my credit card. The bartender smiled and took their order. Both of them looked up at us and smiled. I truly enjoyed watching most of the women in the club stare at MY pets. A very butch woman walked over to Jenny and started talking to her. Jenny looked her in the eye as she spoke but pointed to the VIP room. The butch said something else, and Jenny slowly shook her head again, and the bitch... I mean butch... turned and walked off. Apparently, everyone that was watching that interaction paid attention because no one else even spoke to them. Marie and Jenny took the wine bottle and glasses from the bartender and made their way back up here. When they got to the stairs, they put even MORE swing in their hips as they climbed the steps. Once again... All eyes on them. Tara and the rest of our group had resumed their seats when they made it back to our area. They put the bottle and glasses on the table in front of us and went to switch their positions near my chair.
"Wall position... NOW!" I snapped at them. They moved fast and into the position. I stood close enough so only they could hear me. I pulled Jenny's dress up a bit and moved Marie's pearls, then pushed my middle and ring fingers into their drenched cunts and my thumbs into their asses. "You enjoyed that, didn't you?" I asked them as I slid my fingers in and out of their cunts. "You loved the attention you got from everyone staring at your whore bodies."
"Ye-e-e-s-s-s-s Mistress," Marie answered.
"SOOOO Much Mistress..." Jenny told me.
I pushed my fingers deep into them, wiggled them, and slowly pulled them out. "My whores..." I told them.
"Your whores, Mistress..." They told me breathlessly.
I pushed my fingers as deep as I could into their cunts and asses, and just moved my fingers back and forth. They were shaking as they held back from orgasming. "Should I let you sluts cum?"
"Only... if we... earned... it." Marie said almost out of breath. Jenny was nodding her head in agreement as I fingered both their holes.
Out of the corner of my eye, I could see Gail whispering something to Kayla and her nodding her head.
Having an idea of what Gail had told her to do, I massaged their holes for another few seconds. Leaning in close, I made sure they heard the pride in my voice. "I am very proud of you both, you HAVE earned it... You may cum... Now."
Jenny threw her head back and screamed out in pleasure. Marie just took very deep breaths and moaned. Both of their bodies shook as they squirted all over my hands. Much to my delight, they both stayed standing as they let their orgasm wash over them. When they came down, their thighs were dripping wet, and both my pets were still shaking from cumming so hard.
Kayla appeared next to me and volunteered to clean them up. "Their cunts are to be totally clean when you're finished." I told her as I walked past her to sit down.
"You know that people are going to be talking about this for quite a while, right?" Gail said as she handed me a glass of wine.
"I don't know why, they're just my submissives." I said acting innocent.
"I'm glad I brought another pair of shoes... The shit is getting deep in here." Mandy said looking at Gail. We all laughed.
"I can't help it that everyone wants them or wants to be them." I said giggling.
"How did you train them so well?" Karmen asked me.
"I had an excellent teacher." I said looking at Tara. She smiled and blew me a kiss.
Present Time
I snapped back to the present time as I heard Tara speak. "I wonder what the average Incan thought when the gods were pissed at them?" She asked me. After the tour guide had finished telling us about the communal area.
"Probably the same thing we do when God doesn't answer our prayers on our time." I told her.
"Did you ask God for something?" Tara asked me.
Smiling, I looked up into her green eyes. "I did. And it took him a good bit, but he answered them." I took her hand and kissed it.
"I want a picture in front of the sun god's temple." She said turning around.
I rolled my eyes and took her selfie stick from the pocket of her pack. "You've gotten your money's worth from this thing." I said handing it to her.
She fixed her cell phone and extended it so the temple would be seen in the background. She set the timer and then held it up. "Yes, I have." Tara said. The picture snapped and we both looked at it. "At least the camera on this phone is as awesome as Apple advertised."
"Yeah, I gotta give it the props it's due." I told her.
"So, what did you ask God for?" Tara asked me.
"I prayed for God to send me the one I'm supposed to be with for the rest of my life." I told Tara.
Post Club at home the same night.
We left the club about 3:30 and went back to Tara's house because my mom was working this weekend and I didn't want Tara's orgasms to disturb her sleep. Tara's mom and dad were spending a few days in a cabin at Lake Meade, so she was alone at her place. Marie, and Jenny had showered and were in the guest bedroom bed sleeping. However, Tara's room still had people that were awake.
"Holy shit, it's 6 o'clock." I said, rolling off my lover.
"Morning or evening?" Tara asked out of breath.
I giggled and got up out of bed still wearing the strap-on I had just spent two and a half hours using on my girlfriend. I opened the curtain a bit and it was still dark out. "Morning... it feels like it should be evening though.""Tell me about it, you should run marathons, woman..." She said having finally gotten her breath back. "Come back to bed baby." She told me.
I unstrapped and let it fall to the floor and slid under the covers with Tara. I wrapped her up in my arms and held her tight to me. "What are you thinking about?"
"Honestly?"
"No, lie to me." I said giggling.
"I'm thinking how lucky I am to have my best friend as my girlfriend. We don't have to spend any time getting to know each other, and we don't have to worry about not knowing what will piss the other one off."
"I hadn't thought of that." I replied.
"Convenient huh?"
"Very..." I pushed my face into her hair and breathed in deep. I love the smell of her shampoo. "Tara..."
"Hmmm..."
"Can we talk about something?"
"Anything..." Tara replied.
"What are we going to do when we graduate next spring." I asked her. "I'm coming back here for law school..."
"You know you're going to make a great trial lawyer, right? You've had the best example to emulate in your mother." She told me.
"She is an excellent lawyer, isn't she?" I smiled hearing that. "Did I ever tell you what Chief Justice Miller from the Nevada Supreme Court had to say about her?"
Tara grinned as she spoke. "No, I don't think you ever did. You never tell me anything about how awesome your mom is..."
"Liar." I told her as I tickled her ribcage and waist.
She squirmed and laughed until I stopped. Tara then turned over so she could look at me. "Just ask me what you want to ask me."
I started to run my fingers through her hair as I looked into her beautiful green eyes. "I want to know what you're planning after we graduate, and I come home next spring. In case you missed the news flash, I'm in love with you."
"I'm not sure I heard you the first time, I think I need to hear it again." Tara said. She moved close enough so that our lips were less than an inch apart.
"Tara Andrews, I am in love with you. You are the other half of my soul." I told her as I kissed her. "I want to build a life with you, and I want us to be happy together."
"Stacie Johnson, I love you. You are the other half of my soul, and I want you and I to journey through life together. I want us to share the joys of the highs and bad times of the lows." Tara told me.
We kissed for a couple minutes and just stared at each other. Tara was the one to break the silence. "I've already planned where I'm going to get a place after I graduate. Between what I've made this summer, the tutoring I'll be doing during the school year, and my job as a TA for one of my professors this coming year, I'll have more than enough money to get a decent apartment, a new car..."
"You're not keeping your Merc?" I asked her.
"Not that one no. Dad is taking it since gas prices are going up again and he doesn't want to spend $100 a week to fill his truck up. Besides, I've been saving up all through college to put a huge down payment on an SLC roadster hardtop convertible." she said smiling. "I have a gorgeous blond that I want to show off to the world." She said grabbing my ass and squeezing.
"Oh... That's different then. Continue." I told her giggling.
"Back to what I was saying... My salary is eighty-five thousand a year plus a quarterly bonus. So... You're coming to live with me when you graduate next spring, and I'll support us until you finish law school."
I started to object to what she was saying, but Tara put her finger on my lips. This had become what we both agreed to be the "shut up and listen to me" signal... So, I did.
"Put your ego in check for a minute please. You're going to have more time for school if you don't have to worry about working. I'd rather have you concentrate on your classes than working to help with household expenses. Your Jeep is paid off, and my car payment will be around $300 a month..." Tara told me as she walked me through everything that she had already worked out. "I've already done the math. Even if you take my bonuses out of the equation, we won't struggle in the least." She started to take her finger away from my lips, but quickly put it back. "I almost forgot to tell you... I've already talked to Linda. She's willing to help if you start to struggle in a subject or need help in an oral argument or case study." She took her finger away and folded her arm up under her head and awaited my rebuttal.
"Ok..." Was all I said.
"Ok? That's it?" Tara asked me.
"Yes." I said as I kissed her again.
She cocked one of her eyebrows. "I expected an argument from you."
"Nope." I said with a smile. I grabbed her and rolled over on top of her. "I'm going to be a kept woman for the next three years, why should I fight it?"
Tara smiled and then started tickling me. I laughed hard as she poked my ribs and sides. When she stopped, she grabbed my head and pulled me down into a long and wet kiss. I pushed my hand between us just as she did the same thing. We were thinking the same thing as we started rubbing each other's labia. We both had one final orgasm before we fell asleep at 7am.
Present time
She smiled with a tear in her eye. "I never knew you prayed for me to come to you..." she asked.
"Prayed for YOU?" I asked in shock. "Have a giant ego, do we?"
"Not at all Master Yoda." She said with a smirk. "You asked God for the best fit for you, and He sent you me." She replied. "It's not egotistical if it's the truth."
Don't even try to argue with her logic, you won't win. Damn Vulcans...
"Ok, I won't argue with you since your logic seems to be perfect as usual. I still say that you are part Vulcan."
"No... I'd look horrible with Vulcan ears." She said with a giggle.
I stepped back and looked at her face and ears, smiled, "Yeah you would..." I told her with a grin. Suddenly I had a better idea and my eyes widened along with my smile. "Not Vulcan ears, Elven ears, you know with the longer lobes and super tall helixes..."
Tara rolled her eyes at me. "You and your Elven stuff. We take a Saturday to watch all three Lord of the Rings movies and you want me to have Elf ears now. I should have fast forwarded through Liv Tyler's parts." She said with mock disgust.
"I can't help it, she's totally hot with those ears." I said with a giggle. "Come on, I want to see the other side of the mountain." I told her.
We took each other's hands and walked over to the spot where the tour guide was telling us about the lower-class children who received education on whatever their families were doing.
"If a family was a farmer, the child would be taught about farming. If a family raised livestock, the child would learn about animals. Practicality was rule number one in this civilization."
Stacie's college Graduation
I was thankful that we were in the basketball arena because it was a lukewarm 102 degrees outside today. I looked around for my mom, Tara, her family, April, and Linda. They had told me that they'd be at the very top and that I would have no trouble seeing them when they got there. I had wanted Jenny here, but her graduation was the next day, so Tara and I would be flying out tonight for Miami to watch her walk. Don't ask me why Marie wasn't going, you'll know in a few minutes.
I looked high into the top levels and saw six balloons. I giggled and blushed as they passed them back and forth in order to spell my name right. In fact, the video crew had focused on them and was broadcasting their antics to the whole arena. I listened to my classmates laugh. Finally, they were set, and I waved at them. They all waved back.
The length of time it took the speeches to finish and for them to get to my name was about eleventy. Billion. years. But when the announcer called my name, I heard everyone in my group start yelling as loud as they could. I took my "diploma" and held up my arms in triumph. As I started to walk off the stage, I broke into the "Ickey Shuffle" and pretended to spike my diploma. I went back to sit down and wait for my Marie's name to be called. She was only 14 names behind me. Marie's parents didn't come to her graduation after the big fight they got into the previous summer. Her brother was deployed to Japan. Marie told me that he couldn't get home due to operational requirements. She was a bit torn up about it, but she kept a good attitude because he had recorded a message for her to be played when she walked.
"Isabelle Marie Lancaster" the announcer called. She walked to the podium to shake the dean's hand as he handed her diploma to her. The announcer then said, "Ladies and Gentlemen, Miss Lancaster's brother, Sergeant Daniel Lancaster, is a United States Marine and is currently deployed to Japan. Since he couldn't be here, he sent this message for his sister."
The message opened with her brother standing in front of his platoon on the deck of the boat they were on. We could all see Mount Fuji in the background. Marie watched the message and tears came to her eyes when they all snapped to attention and yelled, "Hoorah" to her. She was even more surprised when her brother tapped her on the shoulder. She screamed, dropped her diploma, and hugged him. He picked her up and he swung her around and shared her special day. The whole arena broke into applause. Yes, I knew about it because I had gotten him a room to crash in at the university guest house.
After the ceremony was over, we all, Marie's brother included, went out to dinner to celebrate. We wanted to stay out longer, but Tara and I had a flight to catch. Marie and her brother drove us to the airport and saw us off. She told us to call when we landed back in Vegas and she'd be there to pick us up. Tara grabbed my hand and off we went to see my other pet graduate.
I hate the East coast. Unlike at Arizona, the University of Miami graduation WAS held outside and there was nice breeze blowing, but about five THOUSAND percent humidity. We did the same thing for Jenny that they did for me. We got lettered balloons that spelled her name and sat at the top of the stadium, so she'd see us. Tara, I, her mom, dad, and both brothers were all holding balloons as they walked onto the field. When her name was announced, we all let go of the balloons, yelled and cheered for her. She actually pulled a Michael Jackson when she got her diploma. She spun around like he did and then and moonwalked off the stage to hundreds of people's laughter. Jenny and her family were driving back to Las Vegas and were making it into a vacation of sorts. So, Tara and I decided to spend a day at the beach. We rented a car and drove to Haulover beach so we could tan nude. When we got there, we changed our minds when we saw that it was mostly old men. So, we went back to the hotel, laid out by the pool (until it rained), and waited to catch our flight out the next day. I really hate the East coast...
Present time
"Remind me never to set foot on the east coast again during the spring, summer, or early fall please." I whispered to Tara.
She looked at me with a funny look for a moment and then remembered graduation weekend. "Yeah... Dry heat is SO much better than the liquid stuff they have in Florida."
"I had NO idea that one little cloud could rain so much on one spot." I said shaking my head.
"Tell me about it, I needed two towels to dry my bikini."
"The white one with the black stitching?" I asked.
"Yes."
"I love that one on you." I told her.
"I brought it with me. Wanna lay out tomorrow since we have one more day till we have to go back to the boat?" she asked.
"No, I want you to put it on tonight when we get back." I told her.
She looked at me with a puzzled look. "Why?"
"So I can slowly untie it, tie by tie, like I did that afternoon in Florida." I said with a wicked grin.
The tour guide was walking on explaining the things that were relevant to the times in the fortress. We walked over near the temple of the condor and listened to the tour guide as he told us about the worshippers and how often it was used. When he was finished, we walked behind it and looked as he started explaining about how the prisoners were shackled in these little cells for up to three days until their fate was decided. He went on to tell us about the maze of underground dungeon type cells and how strict the laws were.
"We've seen evidence that there were laws regarding being too lazy. You'd earn no less than a week in the dungeon if you didn't pull your weight in the community. One thing that the Incas placed a high penalty on, including death, was thievery and rape..."
Two months after college graduation
Tara and her parents, my mom, Marie, Jenny, and my attorney Linda, and I were sitting in a Clark county courtroom waiting for me to be called as a witness... Again. Those of you wanting to know what my father did to get sent to prison, here you go.
He was convicted for sexual assault, attempted rape, attempted murder, and a whole slew of other minor crimes when I was 11 years old. He snuck into my room one night, put a knife to my throat, and told me that if I didn't do what he wanted he'd kill me and then mom. I knew mom worked for the county as a prosecutor, so she had a gun and would protect us both. I also knew mom was a light sleeper, so I had to figure out a way to make enough noise that she'd hear it. While he was off balance, I managed to connect my right knee with his junk hard enough that he moaned and thudded back against my bedroom wall. He managed to tip my bookcase over and mom came running when she heard it hit the floor. When she saw what was going on, she picked up my softball bat, and laid him out cold. After that she paid special attention to his nuts. She had her knee in his chest, and her Glock to his head when Vegas PD and the Clark county Sheriff's department showed up.
Like I said, here we are again, 11 years later. His new attorney had managed to get him a new trial based on evidence that had been thrown out on appeal.
"It wouldn't have mattered in the first trial; he would have still been convicted." Mom told me after she'd talked to the DA about what got thrown out. But the wonderful judges at the Nevada Court of Appeals disagreed and ordered a new trial. I was thankful that the DA himself was prosecuting this one.
I watched as they brought the sperm donor in. Time had not been good to him. He was stooped over and walked with a limp. From what mom told me later she'd been a bit too... generous... with my bat on his junk to the point that he had to have them removed. I'm also sure that all the beatings he's taken in prison over the years haven't done very many good things for him either. He didn't even look at me when he walked in. He just slowly made his way to the defense's table and sat down.
"Fucking douchebag..." I said loud enough for Tara to hear me. She leaned over and whispered that she believed in me and that she loved me more than life itself, and then kissed the hand she was holding.
"Prosecution calls Stacie Johnson to the stand." I walked to the bailiff, put my hand on the bible and was sworn in. Unknowingly to the defense, The DA, with mom's help, had crafted my whole line of questioning. He designed his questions so as to give the defense as little room to ask questions or twist my statements as possible. He asked for and was allowed some latitude in his questions. He started by asking about my early life and my relationship with my father.
I was blatantly honest and told him that I had virtually no relationship with him due to him working all the time and never wanting to do anything with me. "He always said that he had to work to keep mom in the lifestyle that she was demanding from him."
"Your mom is a lawyer, correct?" he asked.
"She is. She's been an assistant district attorney for Clark County for 15 years."
"So, she didn't really need his money at all then?" he asked me.
"Not that I know of..." I replied.
"Objection, your honor." The defense said. "The witness was 11 years old at the time, how would she know about how her parent's money was spent"
"Your honor, if you ask the witness how she knows about her mother's finances, I'm sure that you'll be satisfied." He said not even looking up from his notes.
The judge looked and asked me to explain.
"Your honor, I am only speaking to my mother's finances when I explain this. She started teaching me about fiscal responsibility when I was 8. If she used her checkbook when we were out, she would let me write the charge or deposit in her check register and do the addition or subtraction in order to teach me how to balance a checkbook. There were also times where she would let me help balance her checkbook by reading her the amounts on the bills that came in. I saw, firsthand, what came in and what went out of her accounts. The defendant never gave mom a penny from what I saw."
"Your objection is overruled, continue your examination." The judge told the DA.
He went on to ask about the people in the back and who they were. He pointed out Tara and asked about her.
"That is Tara Andrews, my best friend since third grade, and the woman I love with all my heart." I replied.
"Have you always been a lesbian?" He asked.
"I'm not going to say if I'm heterosexual or a lesbian, I don't like labels. She's who I ended up falling in love with. If I'd fallen in love with a guy, he'd be sitting there next to her with both of them supporting me. That's all there is to it."
He went on to ask how we met and how Tara and I got on in our high school years. He even asked about how long Tara had been in love with me. I told him that she'd been in love with me since she was 16. He then asked if she'd ever tried to act on it or if she'd tried to seduce me.
Before you ask what, if anything, this has to do with a rape and murder trial, refer back to what I said earlier about him crafting my questioning. He asked that in order to get them to object to my answer and to try and paint them as homophobic and prejudicial against my relationship with Tara. Worked like a charm too...
"No, she didn't."
"Objection your honor, move to strike this part of the testimony." The defense said. "The witness is testifying against her father, if anything, the testimony should be viewed as suspect. How are we to know for sure that Tara Andrews didn't try to seduce her? All we have is the witness's word regarding her relationship. There's too many times when no one was around that Tara Andrews could have tried to seduce her."
I watched the jury for a moment and saw more than one jurist with a look of disgust on their face for the defense trying to make me out to be a pervert. I then looked over at mom and she was nodding her head and wearing an "eat a dick" look at the defense.
The DA was all over it. He opened two folders and pulled out the pages from each. He handed one stack to the defense and the other to the judge. "Prosecution's number 75 your honor. These are statements from over forty of Miss Johnson's and Miss Andrews' neighborhood friends, high school classmates, their parents, coaches, teachers, and administrators, swearing that there was never any evidence that they were ever involved in any kind of romantic relationship. There are also sworn and notarized statements from five non-familial individuals that state Tara Andrews and Stacie Johnson have been dating for less than two years. All of the latter statements are from individuals who have first-hand knowledge of how they came to be together, and who's reputations are beyond reproach."
He looked at the stack, picked up his gavel and declared a 15-minute recess for him to look at what was presented to him. I just stayed where I was and prayed for strength for what I knew was coming. When the 15 minutes were up, we resumed.
"After reading through the statements from the five people not related to the witness, I'm overruling your objection. Prosecution may continue." The judge said.
The DA asked me about the circumstances about how our relationship developed and I answered as "truthfully" as I was going to.
Inevitably, it came time for the meat of my testimony. "Stacie, what were the defendant's actions when he walked into your bedroom at 1am with a knife, 11 years ago?" he asked.
"He put a knife to my throat, that's what woke me up. His exact words were 'If you don't do what I say, I'll kill you and your bitch of a mother'." I told him as the tears started to come.
"What did he do after that?"
Through my tears, I answered his questions about what happened that night. I detailed everything that he had done and when the defense objected to my testimony on the grounds that it was too dark in my room to see anything. I had held back one particular thing in my testimony from 11 years ago. It was the fact that he had a "Welcome Aboard" tattoo that he'd gotten when he was in the Navy. The thing that sunk the defense was the body part that the tattoo was located on. It got a laugh from everyone in the court room, the judge had to cough to cover his laughter. The sperm donor slumped over in defeat after hearing that. The DA then got the rape kit with his DNA (Which had been thrown out and caused the retrial) back into evidence along with the knife with my blood on it. It was pretty much over after that. The jury took two hours to come back with a guilty verdict. No one was surprised at that. Mom and I wrote a joint victim's impact letter to the judge and signed it. Mom was busy with another case, and I was getting ready for UNLV Law school. The judge slapped another 25 to life sentence on him. He was 48 when he was convicted the second time, he didn't make it to 50. Tara tells me I should be thankful for the overall result. I can't help but feel a little cheated for the big chunk of my childhood he took from me...
Present time
I was looking at the jail cells and had a tear in my eye as I listened. Tara grabbed my hand and we walked away from the cells and out into the sunlight again. She dropped her pack and pulled a bottle of water out and handed it to me.
"Thank you, baby." I told her.
"I knew that would be stressful for you when we walked up there." She said kissing me on the forehead and wrapping her arm around my shoulder. "How are you dealing with his death?"
"Truthfully, I'm glad he's gone." I told her.
"I am too." She told me. I smiled and put my head on her shoulder as we waited for the rest of the tour. "So, what's for dinner tonight?"
"I'd love a burger, but aren't cows sacred around here?" I asked. That was another joke between us (me more so) growing up. Both of us love history so we talked a lot about it. She'd get so mad when I'd purposely get foreign cultures mixed up. We'd actually had a big fight and didn't speak for almost a week one time when I asked why the Irish got their potatoes from the Saudis when they could grow their own. In the end, I'd gone to her house to apologize and when she opened the door, both of us started to cry and we both hugged it out.
She looked at me with a raised eyebrow. "Do you not get tired of pushing my buttons with that?"
"You have so few 'annoyance buttons' to push, so... No." I said smiling.
"Fine. No white bikini with the black stitching for you tonight." She said, turning and looking forward.
"Oh, come on, I was only joking." I told her. But she was ignoring me. I sighed and rolled my eyes. "Fine, pouty mc-grumpy pants... Cows are sacred in INDIA, not PERU..."
"Thank you..." She said smiling at me. Tara stood in front of me and gave me a light kiss on the lips. "I'll wear the white bikini with black stitching now." She said grabbing her pack and walked off to join the tour.
One of the people on the tour with us asked about schooling for women.
"The schools for young ladies were called 'Acllahuasi' and were not here in the fort. The main one was in the city of Cusco, about 12 miles from here. However not all the girls were allowed schooling. Usually only the high born or the most beautiful, since they would marry Inca nobility, would be allowed to attend school. Even then it was more of a finishing school more than a formal education." The guide told us.
"Wow, that's... Not cool..." I said quietly...
Three weeks ago.
"Wow... Three long years... We made it!" I said holding my arms up in celebration. The whole class cheered. "I made a promise to my classmates seated here to keep this short, because..." I paused and looked up into the sun, "It's frikkin hot out here." Everyone laughed at my joke. "On behalf of all my classmates, I'd like to thank the families that had to put up with us as we slogged our way through the last three years of pain and suffering. I know in my house, there were more than a few times that it wasn't easy for my girlfriend to put up with me. But I'm so thankful that she did. Thank you, Tara, I love you." I blew a kiss and smiled at her. I watched as she wiped the tears from her eyes. "We as a class have an obligation to be better than those that came before us. We've seen the wrongs that have been perpetrated and we've seen people get away with skating around, bending, jumping through loopholes, or just plain breaking the law. Our professors, our peers, and our own families, they've shown us that what's right and correct on paper isn't always right in the real world. We as professionals, we need to have the brass to stand up and say 'NO! That's wrong!' and then go about making it right. Whether you're going into criminal, tax, business law, or politics, God help you if you are..." More laughs. "We need to be the best and show that we have the fortitude to stand up and be counted among the ones that stand for the best of what our great country has to offer... God bless and Thank you."
Yes... Valedictorian of my class. Everyone was happy and proud of me, but in truth, I was just happy to be done with it. The last three years had been hard on both Tara and I. We had only enough time for short vacations in the summer because of me working such long hours at the firm I was interning for. But she never wavered in her support for me and every time I started to break down, she was there to prop me up and hold my hand when I needed it. She was patient beyond the levels I could imagine. When I got angry at a case study I was doing, all she did was wrap her arms around me and rock back and forth holding me. Every night, the last thing I heard her tell me before I went to sleep was that she believed in me. Tara was my rock in all things for the last three years.
We were mingling with the families and pictures were being taken when I heard someone call my name. I turned around to see Chief Justice Leslie Miller still in her judicial robes walking towards me. She stopped and held out her hand.
"Congratulations Miss Johnson." she told me as I took her hand.
"Thank you, your honor. Your speech was very inspiring." I told her.
"Bullshit..." She said with a sarcastic tone as everyone that heard her say it broke out laughing. "It was too damn long and frankly boring as hell. I have no idea how any of you stayed awake through it." She said rolling her eyes.
"Well, I liked it." I told her. "When you talked about your time as the Nevada attorney general, I loved the example you used regarding accountability."
"I was in a powerful position, but still had three million bosses to answer to." she repeated.
"It speaks to my path and where it, hopefully, will take me." I told her.
"Where are you planning on working until you pass the Bar?" she asked.
"Honestly, your honor, I'm taking a few weeks off. Tara and I are going to take some time to reconnect like we were before law school. After that, I'll start looking for a job." I told her.
"You deserve some time off with all the hard work you've done." She spoke. "By the way, you'll need this on the 6th of July." She said handing me an envelope.
I opened it and three things fell out into my hand. First was a swipe card. I looked at it and I then saw the parking pass for the employee parking at the Supreme Court building in Las Vegas and the last was my identification card granting me access to the employee entrance. I looked up in shock at the Chief Justice.
"One of the perks of being on the Nevada Supreme Court is that you get first pick of who you want to clerk for you. Your first week will be you getting paperwork taken care of with HR and doing intake classes and briefings. After that, you're working for me. Every place I go, you go, and you'll be getting me all the relevant information I need to listen to the cases." she told me.
I was completely in shock and had no idea that this was coming. Tara reached over and closed my mouth. "There are flies out, and that will catch more than one if you leave it open like that."
"You did this..." I said to Tara holding up my ID card.
"I got her the picture, yes. But the rest was all you Stacie." She replied.
"Thank you for this opportunity, Chief Justice, you won't be sorry." I told her.
"Don't thank me yet, you're probably going to hate me after the first month... Oh, one very important piece of information you'll need. My coffee is Black Rifle Coffee, AK47 blend, and around 140 degrees..." She said shaking my hand again. Mom, Tara, and I laughed. "Now if you'll excuse me, I need to go find Dean Zaleski and say goodbye, the pool at my house is calling my name." she said walking off with a wink and a smile.
"Congrats my love, you deserve it." Tara said to me.
"Wow... I didn't get to clerk for the chief justice of the Nevada supreme court, I'm actually quite jealous." Mom told me in pride.
"Someone pinch me please, I'm dreaming." Tara pinched me. "OWWW! I wasn't serious." I replied laughing and rubbing my arm.
The three of us met my pets, Tara's parents, Linda, April, and Mandy at Sinatra for dinner. Gail wanted to come, but there was a board meeting that ran late, and she had to stay for it. We laughed and had a good time and ate very awesome food. We didn't stay much more than 90 minutes, because it had been a long day and I wanted some snuggle time with my woman. Tara and I had walked into the apartment. She was checking the mail before joining me in the shower. I had already turned the water on and was waiting for it to get hot when I heard her yell.
"STACIE!!!"
I smiled knowing what she was yelling about. I turned the water off and walked out into the living room totally naked and leaned against the wall as she looked at me. She was holding an envelope and the two tickets for the two-and-a-half-week cruise to South America that I had bought.
"What's wrong baby?" I asked innocently.
"When did you set this up?" She said smiling.
"I bought it three months ago, why?"
"I had our vacation all planned out, and you turned around and did this?" She asked.
I walked over to her, wrapped an arm around her, and put my finger on her lips. "You..." I said looking into her beautiful eyes, "stood by me when I was upset, depressed, overwhelmed, and just not sure that I was good enough for this. You never complained, got upset or even angry when I was upset. You were... you ARE my rock in all things." I took the tickets from her hand. "I can never repay you for what you did for me while I was in school. But this..." I held them up. "Is something we've talked about doing since we were girls. You've said you want to go see South America. Now we can." I said taking my finger away from her lips.
She smiled and kissed me. "I love you Stacie Johnson."
"I love you too Tara Andrews."
Present time
I listened as the tour guide told us that we could wander around and take pictures and that the guided part was over. I looked back over to the cliff that I was at earlier and then touched Tara on the shoulder."I'm gonna go back over to the cliff, I want to see if the Jaguar is back yet." I Told her.
"Oooo, let's go!" She said grabbing my hand.
We walked until we were standing on the edge of the cliff. I looked up and saw the sun was perfectly overhead. There was a breeze blowing and honestly, there was never a more perfect time than now.
"The pictures just don't do it justice do they?" She asked.
"No, they really don't... Hey... what's that over there?" I asked, pointing to something in the valley.
She looked over but couldn't see what I was looking at. She turned back around to see me on a bent knee holding an engagement ring. Her hands went to her mouth and her eyes widened in surprise.
"Tara Andrews, you are my soulmate and truly the other half of my heart. It aches when you're not next to me. I didn't think it was humanly possible for me to love you anymore than I did when we started our journey together. I was wrong. Would you honor me by spending the rest of our lives together as my wife?"
I had bought the ring for Tara at the start of my final year of law school. But I needed someone's permission before I could give it to her. I asked Linda to take Tara shopping one afternoon and snuck over to her parent's house when I knew they were both at home. We were sitting in the den and I was looking at some of the pictures of Tara as a little girl. I'm not much of a beer drinker, but we were enjoying a Corona together. I looked at her father but suddenly was incredibly intimidated.
Now you know what guys feel when they do this.
"I know right?" I told my inner voice.
"Mr. Andrews, I love your daughter more than life itself and would give my life for hers without hesitation." I told him. "The time I've spent with her growing with her as my best friend and now as her girlfriend has been the most incredible journey I could ever dream of. With that in mind, I'd like to ask for your permission to marry your daughter." I heard glass breaking in the kitchen as her mom ran into the den to stand next to her husband.
"Tara tells me pretty much the same thing about you and how much she loves you. I'll admit that this wasn't what I imagined for Tara when she was a little girl. But as a parent you have to be flexible..." he started to say.
"Stop torturing her and say, 'yes you have my permission' so I can see the engagement ring she's got in her pocket." her mom said in a pissed off tone.
"Remember this saying after you get married. Happy wife, happy life..." He said nodding his head. "Yes, you have my permission to marry my daughter." He told me. Tara's mom was hopping up and down as I pulled the box out of my pocket for them to see. I won't lie, it was tough trying to stick to my plan of waiting to ask her to marry me until after I graduated. But it worked out in the end.
She started crying but got "YES!" out in between sobs of joy. I took the ring from the box and put it on her finger. She grabbed me and hugged me harder than she ever had before.
We both heard clapping. The people on the tour with us had gathered to watch and unknown to Tara, her parents and my mom had made the trip to meet us here so they could watch and share in this moment. Mine and Tara's mom were holding cell phones recording it. Tara's dad was holding a professional video camera with a microphone on it so he wouldn't miss a word.
My Fianc hugged me and wouldn't let go. I felt her tears on my shoulder as she wept.
She squeezed me tighter and whispered, "I love you Stacie Johnson."
"And I love you Tara Andrews." I told her. I then looked up into the sky. "Thank you, Lord."