Something a little different - I hope you will all enjoy.
***
Teddy sat, high on the wardrobe, looking down into the room. He had the best view of the room. It was a large room, for a modern house, but this house was different to the others in the close. The house started life as one half of a semi-detached pair. When the neighbours were repossessed, the chance to double the size of the house was too good to resist. The two 'K's', as their friends know them, snapped up the property. They had started the alterations almost immediately.
The room that Teddy looked down into now, was the result of the first and most important alteration. They had knocked out a dividing wall and made the main bedroom double size. The large windows along the south wall were draped with heavy, lined curtains. During the day, they excluded all light if necessary. When the curtains were pulled open the light, net curtains against the double-glazed windows ensured good lighting without impinging on the essential privacy. Positioned, as it was, at the end of the small close, neither the grounds nor the windows were overlooked by other properties. Teddy sat on the narrow wardrobe to the left hand side of the north wall with a door further to the left. The right hand side of the north was a mirror image, together with its own teddy.
Teddy looked down into the room. Beneath the large window was a dressing table with a polished wooden top, sets of drawers at each end and a long, tilting mirror fixed to the back. Teddy could see the large bed, placed exactly in the centre of the room, reflected in the mirror.
The bed, a super king size, was surrounded by four feet of clear space on all four sides. The pillows were scatter cushions placed carefully in the centre of the floral patterned quilt cover. The walls to left and right had fitted wardrobes with full length mirror doors. The wall where Teddy sat had a wardrobe at each end and a large mirror fixed between, above a set of drawers. Teddy sat on top of the left-hand wardrobe. There was a large mirror, on the ceiling, above the bed.
Dotted about the room were easy chairs, they were decorated with other Teddies, large and small. Teddies were arranged along the top of the wardrobes and sitting on the top of the dressing table and the chests of drawers. There seemed to be dozens of them. Any visitor would think that it was a shrine to the humble teddy.
Teddy watched. She moved about the room, naked. She hummed a little hum as she flicked through the items of clothing in the main wardrobe. She had entered only moments before, a towel wrapped around herself and called, "Good Morning, Teddies, I have a treat for you all, this morning!"
The Teddies remained silent.
All the Teddies watched as the woman caressed her own breasts. They were large and wonderfully full. She lifted the tips towards her mouth and ran her tongue over the nipples. She murmured softly to herself.
"What to dress them in? Something to lift them high and emphasis their sweetness and fullness. Something to encourage a gentle fondling, gentle kisses and..." She sighed at the thought.
She selected the white teddy corset that she had recently brought and that K had modified for her. He was very clever with his hands. The top simply rested under her full breasts and lifted them whilst leaving all of the beautiful shape exposed and enhanced. Just wearing it made her nipples erect.
The bottom had been carefully altered also. The material was now cut high to her hips, just creeping over her waist. The front was cut very tight and narrow. The thin scrap of material emphasised her swollen sex rather than hid it. Downy, soft pussy hair peeped sexily from either side. The back was equally skimpy and enhanced the perfection of her full, rounded bottom. The lacing at the front pulled her body to the very sexy hourglass figure that men so loved of beautiful women.
The woman stepped back from the mirror, the better to see herself, full length, raised her hands above her head and pirouetted slowly. She watched the effect in all the mirrors as she turned. The Teddies also watched. They showed their own appreciation of her beauty, silently and without movement.
Black stockings were added and the woman had just finished clipping the last suspender as the doorbell chimed.
The woman took a last lingering look at the image of sexy perfection in the mirrors, winked at Teddy with a long slow droop of the eyelid, blew him a kiss and said. "Be right back darling!" She picked up the lace gown and threw it over her shoulders. She left, all was still and silent and the Teddies stopped watching the empty room.
The door opened, again, the movement immediately woke the Teddies from their slumber.
"Say hello to the Teddies," she instructed the young man as she re-entered the room. She led him towards the window side of the bed.
"Hello, Teddies."
He was a young man, not much more than 20 years old, at most. It looked as if he only needed to shave once a month. Blonde, gold framed spectacles, T shirt, loose jogging pants and trainers. Not a bad catch, Teddy might have thought.
The young man did not look around the room. He did not even see the Teddies watching him. He saw only the beautiful, large, swollen breasts resting on the material of the corset. They rose and fell with such provocation as the woman breathed. He reached up his hand tentatively and ran his finger over the swelling mound of the woman's right breast.
She murmured soft encouragement and Teddy watched as her hand felt up his thigh and stroked against his crotch. The young man looked into her eyes as, emboldened by his desire and the woman's hand on his cock, he brought his other hand into play. He stroked around both exposed breasts. Down across the nipples, which he rolled between finger and thumb, then beneath each breast. He cupped each perfect orb of her wonderful breasts in his hands and bent his head toward them.
"I would like to rest my cock between your marvellous tits, and fuck them!" he said with such conviction that the woman knew that she would be washing her corset later that day, much later.
She reached inside the waistband of his joggers. His cock was ready for her. She felt it straining. The head was wet with his lubricant. She removed her hand, briefly and the young man let out an happy groan.
"Patience," the woman said kindly. "Everything comes to he who waits, and you shall cum, believe me!"
She pulled his T-shirt over his head and slipped her gown from her shoulders. The woman placed a hand on each of his hips and knelt before him. She worked his joggers and knickers down as if they were one item of clothing. Slowly she exposed his throbbing manhood. It stood to attention, eager to feel the warmth of the woman's body wrapped around it.
She did not keep him waiting any longer. The woman parted her lips and sucked the head of his cock into her mouth. She opened wider and fed the length down her throat. The young man made noises of pleasure as she worked her mouth up and down his length. With each stroke she removed his knob end completely, licked around the purple top, licked her lips and slipped it back inside. Her hand stroked all the time.
The young man moaned, loud. His sighs of pleasure filled the room as he rocked his hips back and forth to encourage her to take more of his length, and faster. He rested his hands on her head, just in case she wanted to stop. She didn't!
The woman worked on his cock with a passion. Every time she removed it fully, then slid it in slowly and lovingly. She made the same noises of pleasure as the young man made as she sucked.
She felt his spunk building and increased her speed. She felt him coming and opened her mouth. She held his cock an inch from her open mouth and stroked his cock. The young man groaned as he spurted his seed into her mouth. She put her lips back around the pulsing weapon and sucked greedily.
"I hope there's more where that came from!" she said with a mischievous grin.
"Oh yes, I have gallons for you and I can last forever." he replied with the confidence of youth.
The woman smiled. "You will leave here as limp as an old dish rag, but very satisfied" she thought to herself.
She still held his cock and was pleased to discover that it had remained reasonably hard.
"Eat me!" she said.
She lay back on the bed. She remained in her corset. He might want to remove it for her, when he was ready to fuck her tits but she hoped he would not.
Obediently he knelt between her open legs and eased the thin strip of material away from her wet pussy. He looked at it. He studied it. He slowly ran his finger down the length of the inviting, sweet smelling pussy. The woman parted her legs further. Her pussy lips parted exposing the soft shining flesh of her sex.
He moved his finger up and down her pussy in little zigzag movements. First, he teased one side, then the other. He slipped his finger deep into her and sighed as he felt her powerful muscles, clamp onto it.
Slowly he worked first one finger then two into her. She wriggled under his touch. He looked up, saw Teddy watching him. The young man smiled at the bear and moved his head into the woman's crotch. The first brush of his tongue against her labia was rewarded with a long loud,
"Ohhhhhhhhhh, yesssssss," from the woman.
She moved and twisted under his eager mouth. He sucked, licked, and teased with his tongue. All the time his fingers probed deep inside her with surprising skill.
The woman urged him to greater effort, loudly and vigorously.
"Suck my clit into your mouth, tease it with your tongue. Oh my god, that is fantastic. Higher, lower, deeper, more."
The young man responded with the eagerness of youth. Normally he had to work hard to get inside a girls knickers. It was often impossible to get his cock anywhere near a young pussy. The girls seldom said anything while he fucked them. Now he had a woman! One that not only enjoyed the sex but also let him know of her enjoyment, loudly and energetically. He endeavoured to give her as much pleasure as he was able.
"Use your thumb on me, slip it deep into my cunt. Thumb fuck me!"
Dutifully he did as he was told, sliding out his dripping fingers he inserted his thumb. The shape and angle were so much different that he was working different parts of her pussy. His fingers, unsure what to do whilst he stroked deep inside her with his thumb, brushed against her anus.
"Yes please! Slide it into my bum."
She relaxed her muscles and the young man was delighted to discover another inviting hole that he could probe. The wet from her pussy still lubricated his finger and it slid inside her bum easily. He could feel his thumb on the other side of the thin membrane and rubbed finger and thumb together.
"Eat my pussy, fuck my cunt with your thumb, finger fuck my arse. God that feels so very fucking good."
Suddenly the woman came. Her body twisted and turned as the young man tried to continue to please her. She held onto his head, to help him stay in place as she came, and came and came. She was noisy in her orgasm. She was energetic. Teddy and his friends had no doubt that she had come. She told them so, in strong Anglo-Saxon terms.
She recovered, slowly. When the young man had removed his head from her crotch and his digits from her various pleasure orifices she carefully held the lips of her pussy apart and invitingly to him.
"Stroke me, very gently until I recover, then, fuck my tits. Pour your spunk all over them and cover my neck and try to spurt it into my mouth, please."
"It will be my pleasure!"
He stroked for a few minutes. Slowly he stood up. His cock was nearly rock hard. The woman took it in her hands and gently teased it to full splendour. She moved up onto the bed and adjusted her position. The Teddies had a good view.
The young man knelt over her, his rod stood proud and upright. He lent forward and the woman eased it down between her beautiful, big tits. She pushed each one up to completely bury the young man's cock. It had disappeared into her glorious cleavage.
He rocked forward and the purple head thrust between the upper swelling. The woman felt his lubrication oozing from the little hole and wetting her breasts. She sighed aloud with pleasure. He rocked back and forth. Each time he protruded from the top. Each time he nearly plopped out from the bottom. All the time he soaked her with his desire until he could contain himself no longer.
"I'm sorry, I cannot hold out any longer."
So saying he spunked, hard. The woman felt his cock throb as he pushed faster between the breasts. As his cock peeped from the top he squired his first load. It covered her chest, neck and hit the underside of her chin. He drew back a little and she felt the warm slippery liquid ooze between her breasts. She moaned and encouraged him loudly.
"Come on lover, spunk all over me, soak me with your cum. Harder, faster."
The young man drove himself rapidly between her tits. Never had he felt such pleasure as fucking these beautiful orbs. Even when he was fully spent he kept rocking back and forth, wrapped in warm welcoming flesh that was soaked with his own cum.
He had to stop eventually and the woman let his cock go from between her tits. He looked down at her spunk cover body and slowly rubbed his fingers through the white slippery liquid. He offered her a taste and was delighted when she nearly bit his fingers off in her eagerness.
"Let's fuck!"
They rested a few minutes then she took him in her mouth and made him stiff again.
"Doggy fashion."
She bent over and presented her cunt to him. He knelt up behind her and entered without any difficulty at all. He watched himself in the mirrors and looked at all the teddies. He had a wonderful feeling that they were watching his very move and light heartedly blew them kisses as he slid in and out of her hole. She continued to make loud noises of her pleasure and direct the way in which he fucked her.
The young man thought that he had found nirvana such was the woman's obvious pleasure.
He came, for the third time in an hour and collapsed on the bed. The woman had made noises of her coming but the young man was too exhausted to know if they were real or not.
After recovering he dressed, gave the woman a final parting stroke between her legs, probing her wet pussy as he did so and left.
The woman showered quickly, she had a busy afternoon ahead of her.
"Hello, Darling, busy day?" she asked when K returned from the city.
"Not too bad, and you?"
"Come and sit down, I have a treat for you!"
She lead him into the lounge and sat him on the large couch in front of the giant TV screen.
She pressed the remote control.
A picture crept onto the screen, accompanied by the title:-
"Say hello to the Teddies,"
"Hello, Teddies." came the young man's voice from the TV.