If you've read "The Birthday Suit Club, The Beginning" you know how this all started. If not, then here is a brief recap.
I was severely burned, including my face, as a child which lead to me becoming very reclusive as a teenager. My sister, Gail, decided that I needed to have more social contacts. She caught me trying to overhear her telling a friend of hers about a recent episode where in she flashed her boobies and decided that this was an opportunity she could use. She made a bargain with me to have some of her girlfriends from college come over and tell me their exposure stories in exchange for me letting them into my home.
This may not sound like much to you, but if you can try to imagine the looks of disgust or pity or revolt I've endured since the fire, you may be able to appreciate what it takes for a teenage boy to risk that kind of rejection from girls.
On my part I agreed with two conditions; one that the lights be kept low to minimize the risk of the girls' reactions, and two that I be allowed to write these stories down. Gail agreed provided I ensured that the girls' identities be concealed. I accepted her condition. I record these stories and I try to write them in the girl's own words.
So here is Cheryl's story.
This happened in my senior year of high school. I had been asked to the senior prom, but there was no way I could afford a prom dress. You see money was tight in my family since my mom had died without any life insurance. About a month before the prom I had a flash of inspiration.
The time for the prom was quickly approaching and I desperately wanted to go. I had a part time job after school and on Saturdays, but most of that money went to help Dad with the expenses of raising four kids by himself.
In addition my boss's birthday was coming up and I really wanted to get him something special, but as you know special usually means expensive.
To give you a little background, my job was at a pawn shop helping the owner with clean-up and record keeping and such. He was a delightful, elderly man, named Abraham Gold.
After I had worked for him a few months I came to realized that Mr. Gold didn't need to be running his shop. There were little clues that I noticed that made me decide that he had all the money he wanted or needed. He was very thrifty, like he always brought his lunch in a brown bag every single day. He often told me that running the business was probably what keep him alive. His wife had died years earlier and his kids were all grown and living some distance away. I think the fact that my Dad was also a widower was the main reason Mr. Gold had decided to hire me.
I mean his business really didn't do enough business in the evenings to justify my being there and he could have taken care of the disarray from Saturday on Sunday if he wanted. However I'm sure Mr. Gold realized that things were difficult for my family financially.
One of the great things about Mr. Gold was that if I told him about any problem I was having he wouldn't try to solve it for me, rather he would ask me questions until usually I figured it out for myself.
It was good training for my two situations. Despite the fact that Mr. Gold seemed to consider himself some kind of old family adviser for me, he never missed a chance to tease me whenever he noticed someone in the store trying to sneak a peek down my blouse whenever they thought I wouldn't notice it. This peeking was probably because I have no difficulty pushing out the front of a shirt and I like scoop neck blouses.
As a matter of fact as the time I worked at his store had gone
by I caught on that he enjoyed the thought that someone else might get a look at my breasts more than if he got a look himself. A kind of surrogate voyeur if there is such a thing.
It was when he teased me that I had deliberately allowed a customer to sneak a peek down my blouse as I cleaning the front of the glass counter that my plan to solve both problems was conceived. By the way I hadn't even noticed the customer's efforts.
I reviewed my plan over the following week. I decided it would work. My only concern would be if I could keep my courage up long enough to finish it.
Tuesday evenings were always our slowest of the week and fortunately that day was also Mr. Gold's birthday. I put my plan in action. The first part was that instead of my usual outfit, I wore a sweatsuit with his favorite college's logo on it.
I was still getting my courage up at 7 o'clock when Mr. Gold announced that he was going to close early in honor of his birthday. You see, the shop's normal hours were till 8PM weekdays and 6PM on Saturdays. It was do or die time.
I told him that he had one more customer. He looked around the store and since there was just him and me, saw no one. In a puzzled voice he asked who. Me, I told him. Still puzzled, he asked what I meant. I told him that I wanted to sell my sweatshirt. He laughed and said that he guess he could offer two dollars for it. Done, I said and pulled it over my head and tossed it on the counter in front of where he was standing. To say the least, he was surprised, but he pulled two dollars out of the register and put them on the counter.
Moving quickly before I could chicken out, I asked how much he thought my sweat pants were worth. He quickly answered three bucks. Done, I said again and slid them down off my legs and tossed them on the counter on top of the sweatshirt. He added three singles to the first two.
The place where I was standing was an open area about halfway down the counter which ran down the full length of the store from the sidewalk end to the wall that divided the business part from the offices. There were only two things between me and the front door. One was a shoulder high rack of golf equipment that stood about five foot tall and was turned at a 45 degree angle. The other was a similar, but slightly longer rack of used DVDs and CDs which was located between me and golf rack.
Now the game was getting serious. I knew if I wanted to be sure that this was to work I had to do it when the chance of someone walking in was still possible. That's why the front door was still unlocked.
Taking a deep breathe I asked what he was willing to give me for my jogging shorts. Mr. Gold was quick on the uptake. He realized what I was doing and because I had told him about the dress that his friend who owned the dress shop down the street was holding for me, he knew how much money I needed. And he decided to prolong the game.
He offered me twenty dollars. I told him I wanted $40.00. He finally agreed to $30.00 if I threw in my shoes. He pulled out three tens out of the cash drawer, but didn't sit them down on the counter. I knew what he was waiting for. I took off my shoes and set them on the counter, then grasping the bottom hem of the shorts, I pulled them down. I stepped out of them and added them to the other clothes.
He placed the tens on top of the singles. I had purposely worn an oversized university T-shirt and it had been tucked into the shorts to disguise it's length, so I was still somewhat shielded if I lost my nerve. I wasn't surprised when my voice quivered a little when I asked him how much he would be willing to give for my shirt.
He offered thirty, but I knew that I needed another $165.00 and I was starting to run out of clothes so I pushed for sixty. He exclaimed that no T-shirt was worth $60.00. We went back and forth and settled on $45.00. Now I had $80.00 on the counter and I was down to bra and panties.
Then the bell on the front door tinkled. I was too afraid to look. I thought about who it might be, the police, my Dad, someone from school. Oh, shit. I almost collapsed from relief when Mr. Gold announced it was only the wind. The wind sometimes did that, but good grief it picked a heck of a time for a reminder.
Looking directly at Mr. Gold, I asked him what he'd offer me for my bra. He had me walk closer while he pretended to be examining it to prolong my agony and eventually said he go $40.00.
A little quick mental arithmetic told me that I would still be $80.00 short, so I said I wanted $70.00 because I knew he would want to haggle. He did and we settled on $55.00. I unclipped my bra and forced myself to set it on top of my other clothes.
I was on an emotional roller coaster. One minute I was so scared. I mean here I was standing in a store that was open for business and my boobs were totally exposed to my boss. The next minute my whole body was quivering from the excitement.
Now all I had left was my panties and I was still $65.00 short. At that point the doorbell tingled again. I assumed it was the wind again, but Mr. Gold shocked the hell out of me when he asked whoever had come in whether we could be of any help.
I was too terrified to look. I heard a male voice respond, 'no thanks, just looking.' My mind screamed "What is he 'just looking' at?
Slowly, almost as if afraid my body might crick and draw attention, I turned my head. There was a stranger standing on the door side of the golf equipment rack looking down at the clubs. Since I could see him I knew that he could see me if he glanced up, what a show he was going to get.
I silently pleaded that he wouldn't. He moved around to the other side of the display without lifting his eyes. Apparently he didn't see anything that interested him because he stepped around the end of the rack and headed for the door.
After he left I took my first breathe since he entered. Turning back to Mr. Gold I saw that he was ecstatic. This was a good time to hit him with my final request.
"How much for my panties?" I asked. He didn't respond immediately. Instead he counted the money on the counter top. And he counted really slowly. It came to $135.00. He told me that he knew I needed another $65.00 and he was prepared to pay that for my panties, but with a condition. And what was that I inquired. He replied that I would have to take the trash out in my birthday suit.
He knew he had me over a barrel. Without the other $65.00 I couldn't get the dress so either I agreed to his condition or I had just risked some strange man seeing me topless for nothing.
I agreed reluctantly, but got him to agreed that I could put my shoes back on in case of broken glass in the alley. My panties joined the rest of my clothes and I put on my sneakers. I couldn't believe I had agreed to go outside naked. Granted the chances of anyone being in the alley was slim, but my plans hadn't included any public nudity.
I headed for the back of the store to get the trash. Just as I got to the curtained doorway leading into the back, he told me not to forget the basket up front.
As matter of fact, I had. I ran to the front of the store where we keep a trashcan for customer use, picked off the top, pulled out the bag, put the top back and turned for the rear of the store. Uh-uh he called. You have to put in a new bag. Oh, damn. Fortunately we keep extra bags in the bottom of the can.
Jeez. I was standing in clear view of the street in my birthday suit.
I picked the top back off, got out a bag, put it in place and replaced the top. Then I haul ass, bare ass mind you, to the rear of the store. I was barely inside the curtain when I heard the front bell ring. Whew, good timing.
Without waiting to try to find out who it was I gathered up the rest of the trash into a large trash bag and went to the back door. The pawn shop was the second business from the corner. When I opened the back door a little crack and looked to see if anyone was within eye shot I noticed that the backdoor was a little ways set back from the rear of the building. This meant that someone would have to be pretty much in line with the alley to see me.
Funny I had never noticed that before. Must be do to my change in priories.
I couldn't see anyone so I opened it further and looked down the other way. The coast was clear. Time was a wasting, so gathering my courage I leaped out the door and sprinted across the alley to our dumpster. Throwing the trash bag in, I turned to see the door slam shut.
Damn, I had forgotten to prop it open. Now what? Do I go pound on it to get Mr. Gold attention and maybe also get the attention of every other person within earshot or do I wait out here in the alley, nearly as naked as the day I was born, till he comes looking for me.
Further pondering of my choices was avoided when I heard Mr. Gold's voice inside the door calling my name. I raced back across the alley and told him to open the door. His reply turned my blood to ice. He said he couldn't get the door to open. Then he told me to come around to the front door and he promised he would be there holding it open for me. I knew the door sometimes jammed if it slammed shut and besides, no matter what else, I refused to believe that Mr. Gold would deliberately lie.
On the other hand, I am confident that the mental image of me running around the block, au natural, to get to the front door was titillating him.
Without any other choice, I agreed. A little breeze blowing down the alley reminded me of my state of dress and I hurried back to the side of the dumpster. I was about to take off for the corner when I recalled that there was a small passageway to the front of the buildings a few stores down the alley.
It would be quicker to go out the alley to the street, go down to the corner, and run over to the store door, but that would mean exposing myself to a wider variety of people. I realized that the passageway would allow me to get to the front of the block with very little chance of being seen. Then I could check to see if anyone was around before making my dash to the pawn shop.
I looked out from beside the dumpster, then took off for the passageway. A couple of steps before I got to the passage headlights pulled into the other end of the alley. I knew I didn't have much time now. I sprinted to the far end of the passage. I figured whoever had pulled into the alley must have seen me and even now were probably coming after me.
Deciding speed was more important that caution, I burst out of the passageway and hung a quick right turn and ran right through a group of businessmen walking down the sidewalk. I must have made their evening.
Before they could react I was through them and racing for the pawn shop. As he had promised Mr. Gold was waiting with the door open. I never slowed down as I went through the front door and headed for the back room. Seeing the businessmen started after me, Mr. Gold shouted that we were closed for the evening and then he closed and locked the door.
When came into the back he brought my $200.00 and gave it to me. In the meantime I had begun to catch my breathe after my exertions. The funny thing was I was so relieved to be back in the store that I totally forgot I was standing there, taking deep breathes which were causing my boobs to jiggle, while standing buck-ass naked in front of my boss.
It was until I noticed where he was looking that I realized my condition. I hastily covered myself with my arms. Then I asked Mr. Gold to get my clothes. Where are they he asked. Right there on the counter I said. Oh, no he replied those are my clothes, I bought them, remember. OOPS.
After letting me panic for a minute, he said that he would be willing to sell them to me for $200.00. WHAT!, I responded. Holding up a hand to stop me from saying anything else, he quickly offered to make a trade for them. All I could think was, now what?
He said, 'first you need to drop your arms, that position doesn't look comfortable. I figure, what the heck, he's already seen it, so I complied. Next and second I want you to go home with me to see my roommate, Hiram, It's his birthday, too'.
I asked him if he expected me to accompany him in the nude. He said that I could wear my T-shirt, but that when we got to his apartment door we would wait till we were alone, then he wanted me to take it off so he could surprise Hiram when we stepped inside.
Seeing the look on my face, he quickly said that being naked was all I would have to do and then only for a couple of minutes, just to surprise Hiram. I didn't see where I had many options short of physical force and I decided since he enjoyed showing me off that showing me off to his roommate would probably be his ultimate thrill.
However I wasn't going to let him off that easy. I told him that I wanted a raise, too. As I suspect, he really wanted to surprise his buddy so he agreed, not without a little good-natured grumbling first through.
He went and got the T-shirt and put the rest of my stuff in a bag. After I got covered up I called my Dad to warn him I'd be a little late going home. We went to the back door and between the two of us got it unjammed. We went out it and he set the alarm. Then we went to his car and left for his apartment. When we got there he left the bag of clothes in the car. I left my shoes there too.
He told me that after we surprised Hiram he would give me a ride home.
He lived on the third floor. As it was an old building we had to walk up. Fortunately for me his apartment was at the far end of the landing so it was the last one. There was no one in sight so as we had agreed I pull the T-shirt off again and he stuck it in his pocket. He unlock the door being very quiet. He pushed it open and we stepped inside. It was pitch back. He closed the door behind us. That's when the lights came on and all his friends jumped out of hiding and yelled, "SURPRISE!"
It certainly was for me!
And it was pretty surprising for his friends too.
I instinctively knew that it was too late to try to hide my goodies so as calmly as I could I just stood there totally naked in front of what I guessed was about twenty to thirty people.
As we stared at each other I saw that they were all much older than me. Some were Mr. Gold's age. Others were probably twenty or twenty-five years younger than Mr. Gold and the rest were probably in their forties.
When Mr. Gold finished laughing he told them the whole story. They were impressed that I cared so much for Mr. Gold that I was willing to risk being seen naked by strangers to give him my birthday present.
In turn I learned that they were friends and family members. Not one of them was named Hiram.
Later when he took me home he told me it was the best birthday present he had ever received.
As Cheryl was leaving she turned and told me that she's still working for Mr. Gold and still gives him birthday gifts.