She woke up with a startle as Veena was calling from outside her room and she could hear the banging noises on her door at that moment she realised that she had slept off naked. She quickly rummaged through her drawers for clothes not knowing what her mother had kept where.
She just put on a pair of pyjamas and a random t-shirt and quickly opened the door. Her roomie was staring at her and immediately said "do you know what time it is?" and all Madhu could manage was "umm" and immediately Veena said "you are going to be late for college it's almost 9."
Veena said "I have packed you a breakfast you can eat on the way to college, I'll drop you and also one other thing here is the towel that I think you dropped yesterday."
Madhu blushed a deep crimson red and Veena just stared at her.
She quickly took a shower and got ready for college and Veena dropped her on the way to her own college which was a little further away.
The introduction lectures were boring and the only highlight of the day was at the end when they were leaving college they saw a bunch of senior students standing and staring at the girls, they just huddled up and walked towards the exit although they knew that ragging was strictly prohibited.
Just as she exited the college campus she saw Veena drinking coconut water near the exit at roadside and joined her for one herself. As they continued chit-chat and walked upto Veena's car about how the day was and about their native places etc.
Upon reaching their apartment Veena opened her bag and gave Madhu a pack of clothes pins and said "here, take them and put on your clothes when you hang them to dry next time".
Madhu smiled as she put milk on the stove to make hot coffee for both of them. Veena went into her room to change and came out with her hair tied in a nice bun wearing a thin translucent top which showed her nipples clearly and cloth shorts which went just maybe 2 inches below her crotch and she plopped on the sofa.
Madhu thought that maybe she had a glimpse of her pussy as she bent down to put coffee on the table, wow she is so hot she thought to herself.
It grew dark outside and clouds started rumbling and it looked like it was going to rain, Veena got up and opened the balcony which had a table and a couple of chairs and asked Madhu to join her there for the coffee.
As Madhu started walking towards the balcony Veena suggested why don't you change and come to which she just nodded and went to her room. She also wanted to wear something daring but she had no such clothes so she just changed into t-shirt and pyjamas and came out.
Veena was already sipping her coffee with her legs outstretched on the railing and Madhu's cup was on the table. Veena looked at her and laughed and said "what are you wearing?"
Madhu replied "What's wrong?" to which Veena said "at least take off your bra and relax yaa and what is with these long pyjamas? You are not with your parents anymore!"
Madhu got a little irritated with her bossing so to show off she just took off her bra and put it on the table from under her t-shirt setting her breasts free which shocked Veena a bit however she just smiled and as she sat down, Veena pulled her leg saying "what will you do about pyjamas now?" to which she just showed her tongue playfully and said "you never know".
She then realised that Veena was staring at her chest so she followed her gaze which was focusing on her nipples, she just smiled and sipped her warm coffee and asked Veena casually "what happened?"
Veena laughed and said "your nipples are going to make a hole in your t-shirt" to which they both laughed and Madhu replied "yeah soon maybe".
After they finished their coffee and started walking inside closing their balcony Veena asked "how long are they?"
Madhu replied confidently "half an inch".
Veena appeared shocked and said "are you sure? They are too long to be true."
Madhu replied "you can measure if you want."
Veena just went into her room and came back with a measuring scale and Madhu looked at her surprised and said "are you serious?"
Veena said "let me measure" Madhu was taken aback and she said "no, why do you want to see?"
Veena just replied "I do not want to see I want to measure or I'll be sure you're a liar."
Madhu just thought well what the hell let her measure what's the harm. And she pulled up her t-shirt and behold her breasts appeared in all their glory a perfect young 34A with protruding nipples as Veena brought the metal scale and started to measure she just, shook a little at the coldness of the metal, the nipples just measured about 0.3 inches and Veena showed it to Madhu and she just said "they're not aroused".
Then she just pulled them taking the tip of her nipples between her thumb and forefinger as she was pulling and rolling them Veena stared blankly and after a minute of staring she just blurted out "wow you are really rough and you like it as well".
Madhu just looked at Veena and smiled and suddenly her pussy started leaking and she let out a low moan which was immediately heard by Veena and she said "oh so like myself you loved to be seen!"
Madhu was shocked but did not say anything and immediately held Veena's hand with scale next to her nipple and Veena was amazed that actually her nipples were that long and maybe another half a centimetre longer than Madhu said.
Madhu asked her "how long are yours?" and Veena said measure it yourself and pulled up her t-shirt and as she put the scale on her nipple she realised it was just half a centimeter and Veena pulled on them and still it was just 0.6cm and then both of them just laughed and Veena just pulled down her t-shirt.
Veena then said casually that "I like it rough!" and that was the moment of revelation to the small town girl Madhu that her friend was not a virgin and Madhu instead of being shocked just wanted to hear her experiences.
Veena said "instead of listening to me why don't you see for yourself" and brought out her laptop and showed her a few porn videos including a few bondage videos which made both of them aroused.
Madhu specially liked forced exhibitionism with enf (embarrassed nude female) and nipple torment.
Outside it continued to rain relentlessly. And just then Veena's phone rang and she quickly got up and walked into her room and came out after about 5 minutes while Madhu continued watching videos, she could feel that her panty was soaking wet, she now just wanted to masturbate.
Veena however suggested they instead watch TV and cook dinner together and go to sleep so that they could wake up early tomorrow. Madhu thought well I'll just get over with dinner and just lock my door and masturbate.
Once they were done with dinner they retired to their rooms. Madhu immediately after entering her room went outside again to pick up the pack of clothes pins, took two and walked back in.
She quickly got rid of her clothes and got in her bed, she was still so wet she realised as she touched her pussy and felt the moistness and started running her finger up and down her vertical lips. Oh how much she wanted to put her fingers in but she wanted it to be a guy to lose her virginity to, to feel the manhood between her legs, oh it was getting all too much as she got into rubbing more furiously.
She faintly heard Veena's phone ringing and she picked up her mobile and saw that it was almost 11pm. As she continued teasing her clitoris she thought of those porn videos of how rough they were with those girls and how those nipple clamps got them excited, she shifted her attention to her own nipples which were now craving for some attention.
She just picked up the clothes pin and applied to one of her nipples without thinking, she almost screamed in shock due to the pain laced with pleasure flood her senses, her pussy responded to it by sending out a flood of juice which she felt was now wetting the bed covers.
She then took the other clothes pin and repeated the same process with the other nipple which was already protuberant and her senses were flooding along with her pussy she was not sure whether her pussy was leaking so much or she peed accidentally on her bed.
She continued relentless rubbing of her clitoris as she neared the orgasm, her legs already shaking, mind light headed and eyes were semi open and then she orgasmed like never before she felt a lot of fluid coming out of her pussy which had never happened before, her entire hand was wet and so was her bed cover.
She just brought her fingers near to her face and she was sure that this is definitely not pee, she had squirted actually. She then gently took off the clothes pins from both her nipples one by one and as blood rushed back to her nubbins she writhed in ecstasy. She had no energy left to clean up and she just slept off naked in her bed.