Friends, Foreplay, and a few Yesterdays
'Don't wait until tomorrow.'
We told our fuck buddies I've had way more than enough sex and it was starting to be more work than fun. It's good to not be on a schedule and good to be down to only one sex buddy at a time. It's also good to be only getting fucked once or twice a day with several days just staying home to relax. A lot of the men are finally fucking their own wives or have girlfriends. All they needed was a push to talk to other women.
With this free time we are spending more time just visiting before and after I get fucked. Usually we visit several hours now rather than a quickie and run. With our instructions and practice, most of these men have actually rediscovered what foreplay and sex other than intercourse is.
I should add we are mostly only seeing men closer to our ages who seem to be enjoying our company as friends and not just a fuck buddy. We mostly visit the three 4-wheeler men, but only one at a time, and each of the two Ohio fishermen.
We'd rather not do it but since the 4-wheeler guys live 50+ miles away we end up visiting them one after the other on the same days. So far I have been able to handle them all for an hour or more each, mostly just playing around now.
It's a woman thing. I've begged Fred several different times to let us meet his wife. We finally convinced him to meet at a small diner for lunch. She is sweet and nice looking. Denny says she's probably in her late 60's and no boobs to play with. That's always the first thing he checks out.
Another time we were invited for lunch at their house. Fred trusts us now and hopefully we can find out more about their sex lives. No we will never mention our meetings to his wife about Fred or his other friends.
We still see our old friends Martha and Sam, Mo and his brother, Mike, Bubba and sometimes Bubba Jr. Now and then we stop and let old black Joe play or take a quickie if we are close to his place. Yes Denny still has his friends find me a surprise partner now and then from out of town.
Things started getting better after we told most of our new fuck buddies we were not going to be meeting them as often. When we meet the men we still see we talk about our past and the nasty games that our biker friends used to play. Things like filling my pussy with hard candy or using all kinds of toys, dildos, and tools in me to make me cum. It had been several years since anyone did these things to me.
I'll admit I did miss those games after I began getting a cock in me. Now I never know what new toy one of these old men bought to try out in me when we go back to visit! They still fuck me. I just never know what else to expect. I may get filled with ice, money, or fucked with some new tool, then fucked and played with again.
Remember these are all older men who get tired as easy as we do so they seem to enjoy working on my tits and pussy as much as fucking me. I still get the attention. I believe that's the part I enjoy the most. Just laying there letting them stare at my boobs and pussy then playing with me is relaxing and fun.
We found out that the three 4-wheeler friends talk about what they each do to me so it becomes a game of dare when we visit another one. They want to try the same things and more. They love putting things like Cool Whip and food on my tits and licking it off. So far only one has squirted it on my pussy and licked it off. I'm sure the others will try after they hear about it.
I don't think any of those old men got to do these things with a woman all their lives. I grew up getting fingered and poked with things so it really turns me on to get this attention. Knowing men are staring into my pussy is as much fun as getting fucked.
------------------Review
I've always done things in excess. I went through times when I showed my tits and then later my pussy to everyone I could. Those were things my husband tricked me into and taught me to enjoy. I still do it but not as bad. For many years I couldn't get enough finger fucking either.
When younger I fucked Denny in front of my high school girl friends and then anyone we could find to watch while camping. Denny said I should mention my girlfriends are just friends who are girls. It's true. We did a lot of things together, but not to each other, and not until after high school. My husband became our sex toy.
My husband loved fucking but I made him do it even more. Me and my girlfriends would fuck Denny while he slept, for years, then we'd play with his prick until he'd cum again and again. We just couldn't get enough of his cock.
Yet I can understand how some people lose interest in sex. I went through a time when I didn't want it as much as him. Lots of those times I'd get someone else to have sex with him. My entire sex life has gone in cycles.
Now I'm getting it more than ever and still I'm not satisfied. I even told Denny we need to go over to the east coast and let our two finger fucking friends fuck me for a couple of days before we move out of state. I've turned both of them down for almost 20 years. He said we'd better do it before I change my mind.
Yes I know BP's wife and Dale's wife. We've visited a lot. Back then we felt safer with older married men because the wives were our safety in case things get nasty. I still don't think we'd ever tell them anything. Being forced to fuck or suck was our only worry before. They all knew if they tried anything we'd stop seeing them. That's usually insurance enough.
I didn't always want to be a sex toy for those east coast friends. I remember many times in the past arguing and crying while driving the 150 miles or more toward Daytona so BP and Dale could play with my boobs and finger me.
I don't know how I could stand it. They each worked on my pussy for over two hours many days and we'd go back for more the next few days we were there. Most days right after BP finished his two hours we'd drive the 20 miles or so to do the same with Dale at his house or the nude beach.
It was two hours or less because BP would get up late and leave for his other job around 3:30 PM. Dale's wife got home from work around 5:30 PM as close as I can remember these times. My husband used this and my doctor visits to limit their playtimes.
I'd still be saying NO when Denny pulled up in our van or truck. But I was wearing clothes that showed everything I had and knew what BP would do as soon as we checked in at his motel.
We all had learned long ago that those clothes meant it was okay to play and they didn't have to ask. It was Denny's signal to them that I was ready to mess around with. It's still odd that I'd say no and complain yet dress like that.
Same happened when we drove to Dale's house or the nude beach. I'd be complaining and even crying but I'd get out of our van and never say no to all the fingering I got. I was my husband's and their sex slave and didn't realize it.
Oh yes, they both begged to fuck me back then but I never gave in as much as I wanted to. Before we left, I always thanked and hugged them. I'd smile and tell them I had a good time. I really did! On my own I even promised to return.
Next time we visited I'd often complain and say no all over again. Before we even left home I knew what would happen because Denny would have me listen and talk on the phone to BP and Dale, or read Dale's emails about what he was going to do to me. He always said he was going to fuck me too. Denny encouraged it for years.
I decided to add this. I wouldn't touch another penis until my hubby made me realize I was a prick teaser and owed it to them. Again, it was the fear of being fucked that stopped me. Dale agreed he wouldn't force me to fuck him and the other two had never mentioned much about fucking so I tried feeling them.
Dale would beg me to play with him for years at the nude beach and between the times he was fingering me. Denny told me it was only fair. At first I hated touching them but it was no different than playing with Denny's after awhile. I used to hate it when Dale squirted on me at the nude beach. Now I am looking forward to Dale shooting deep inside me. Amazing how I've changed over time.
-------------------------
This next time visiting the east coast will be different unless I back out at the last minute. Of course, they may tell me no. The last visits were over four years ago. BP was so upset over his motel and money he didn't do anything but stare at my pussy. So it's possible nothing will happen. Denny is going to call BP and see if we can just meet again. Four years is a long time.
BP has a smaller almost black cock about 6" or 7" long and not circumcised. I can stroke it or wiggle it a few times and he starts precumming slowly. I've never really seen BP shoot because he always covers it and runs to his bathroom.
Same with seeing Dale, it's been over four years. Dale's cock is fatter and probably 8" with a fairly big head. Dale can cum more and farther than any men we've watched. Dale's been masturbating on and in front of me at the nude beach for over 15 years. I used to hate it.
I guess I should mention our camping and biker friends Jim and Janet. We first met at the clothing optional biker camp. Jim talked me into posing nude many different times. Right off Jim couldn't keep his hands off or out of me. He'd never ask me or Denny. I'm sure my husband had told Jim it was okay. Jim is ugly and homely but for some reason I always enjoyed him playing with me.
I was naked almost all the time we were with them at campsites, our house, or theirs, even though Janet was fully covered. Janet is fat with little sloppy tits and she will not let Jim touch her. Until we had a disagreement about money and food we'd stay at each others place for a few weeks many years and camp together.
Jim taught Denny about computers and porn. Janet knew Jim played with my boobs but not my pussy. He'd even grab my bare boobs and make Janet mad often. She never really got mad. She'd just cuss him out and leave the room.
It was those times I was in their computer room or at camp when Janet wasn't close that Jim finger fucked me every chance he got. My husband would often be playing with my tits which made me even hotter. Jim only got quickies but saw my pussy spread wide and took pictures of it often. If I wasn't showing enough pink, as they called it, Jim would make me spread it wider with my fingers.
Here's a little story about Jim. We were at their house and everyone was wearing shorts. While in Jim's computer room he was fingering me and saying how wet I was. Denny told me to sit on Jim's leg and show him. When I sat down on his upper leg my pussy spread wide. I slid back and forth and could feel the juice running out on Jim's leg. I guess we all got loud and Janet came in there just as I got up. Jim's leg was shiny wet and Janet had no idea why! We miss those friends. But stealing groceries was not being friends.
I'm glad we have more time for foreplay with our newest fuck buddies. It's not all about getting fucked or sucked.
It's been several weeks now and our new schedule of two men in the morning and one or two later in the day has been so much better. We've actually become friends as well as fuck buddies with most of those older men. Makes it a lot more fun and relaxing.
We did meet Fred and Willie one time at Willie's house. We got there before Willie left. We were supposed be alone with Fred. Not sure who's idea it was but I had a twosome with them both that afternoon and it was fun taking turns. Denny fucked me a short time before they took seconds or maybe thirds.
It always gets confusing after an hour or so. After meeting all three off and on for nearly two years they are getting ornery. Probably what was more fun was having both of them putting honey and jelly in me then using a small vibrator in me. They made each other lick off the vibrator then my honey pot. Now that's more exciting than fucking.
That's another thing. When I was younger I loved everything to do with getting my pussy used. But I hated it when Denny ate my pussy after our last child was born. He'd do it after I couldn't have intercourse too soon because of surgery.
That was the last time I can remember oral until lately. I wouldn't let anyone lick it or do anything with their mouth until recently when I started getting fucked by other men. For some reason those older men love licking my pussy. First I refused them. But they tricked me.
I do love having it spread wide, stared into, and played with. I did love that when younger too. Denny and Dale started spreading my pussy wide to look inside it after we retired, then friend BP, and Jim. None of them even mentioned licking it.
I think one of the new fuck buddies just started licking me one day after he spread me wide and got down close to look. I've loved it ever since. I think it's gross sucking on a wet pussy but they love it and it does drive me crazy. See, I've changed some more.
Denny says eating pussy, women playing with and sucking cocks, and fondling boobs is all part of getting fucked. I still don't suck them but do lick and kiss a few now and then before getting fucked. I've even licked a few while getting tit fucked.
Yet Denny will never touch or lick another penis.
Chapter 15, the conclusion, is one more boring story, more of a review of this than a story.
There are still more games but not many will believe them so we hesitate adding anymore in this series. They are fantasy games my friends helped turn into reality, mostly against Dollie's wishes. I call them 'Ms. Dollie's Dares' and may create yet another book of short stories.