"Where shall I start?" Olivia asked.
"When I told your mother that you could come and live with me and look for a job near where I live." Noah replied.
Right, well I guess that I should give you some background before I launch into the story of how I changed when I went to live with my stepbrother.
My mother brought me up on her own after my father died in Afghanistan. We lived in a modest semi with mum struggling to make ends meet. Four years ago mum met a man, Tony, who she fell in love with and I was often left home alone whist mum went out on dates and sometimes weekends away with him.
Two years ago Tony invited mum and me to go and live with him and mum was over the moon. At that time Tony had a 22 year old son, Noah, who was away at university and I took over his larger bedroom as my own.
Tony is a nice guy who always does his best to please mum and me and I got the impression that his son Noah was a chip off the old block, although we didn't see much of him because his university was over a hundred miles away.
Life plodded on for the next 2 years until, at the age of 18 my education came to an end and I had to look for work to pay my way in life. The problem was that Tony's house was in a tiny little village miles from anywhere with lousy public transport.
Mum, Tony and I discussed the problem and it was decided that I'd have to get a flat or small apartment in the nearest city 18 miles away and get a job there.
Now I'm not the brightest of girls and my grades were never very good, hence I wasn't offered a place in a university. There were colleges where I could have furthered my education but that would have given me transport problems because I was no longer entitled to use the school bus so getting a place in the city seemed to be my only option.
All this was going on in the early summer and just before we started looking for a place Noah came home for a weekend during which we explained my situation to Noah and he came up with a suggestion.
By that time Noah had left university and was running his own business that he'd started whilst still at university, and was doing quite well for himself. So much so that he had bought himself a nice house and a nice car. Noah suggestion was that I go and live in his house which was in the suburbs of a big city, and I could then start looking for a job near to Noah's house.
That sounded great to everyone and the passenger seat of Noah's car was occupied by me was we drove the 250+ miles south on the Sunday evening.
Of course I knew Noah, but I didn't really know him because we had hardly ever seen him and during the drive we talked a lot and got to know each other better.
Maybe now is a good time to describe myself. I'm 152 cm tall, weigh 53 kilos, a 32A 24 33 figure, blue eyes and light brown shoulder length hair.
Because of my modest lifestyle I didn't have many clothes and they were all in a small suitcase in the back of the car with me wearing a denim miniskirt and a warm top expecting us not to arrive until the early hours and it be little chilly like it always is where I used to live.
We stopped for a break about half way and at 11:00 pm it was still quite warm. When I mentioned it to Noah he just told me to get used to it because that was typical for that time of night during the late spring and early autumn.
"So what's it like at the height of summer?" I asked.
"You won't want to wear anything Olivia." Noah replied.
"Believe me Olivia, you'll soon appreciate me buying a house with a secluded garden and a swimming pool."
"Are you trying to telling me that you go skinny dipping Noah, because I could never do that."
"You'd be surprised at what you will do when you have to Olivia, and with you being brought up in the north of the country your body will not be used to the heat. And I'm guessing that all your clothes will be warm like that top. I bet that your knickers are granny style and half a centimetre thick."
"Wow Noah, I never realised that you were an expert on women's clothes."
"I'm not, well not the thick, warm variety, I prefer girls who wear skimpy lingerie or nothing at all."
"Well you won't see me in any of those because I don't have the money to buy any."
"I will soon put that right Olivia, I'll take you shopping tomorrow and get you some clothes and nice lingerie that you can wear anywhere and will be a lot cooler than what you've got on right now. I'm looking forwards to seeing you model the lingerie for me."
Wow, I didn't know what to say. Here was my stepbrother who had never even seen me in a bikini or even my pyjamas before and here he was telling me that I was going to model skimpy lingerie for him and almost telling me that I wasn't going to wear anything in his house and garden when it gets hot, and he was telling me that that was going to be in a few hours.
I was silent for the next going on for an hour as my brain digested what Noah had said to me, and my lack of saying words to the effect of,
"No way are you going to see me naked or even in skimpy lingerie mate."
When we passed a sign saying that we only had 20 miles to go Noah said,
"Are you okay Olivia, you're a bit quiet?"
"Yes Noah, I'm fine."
"You may want to take your top off before we get there, the heat will hit you as soon as you open the car door."
"It can't be that hot."
"Compared to what you are used to up north it will be."
"I'm good thanks."
Noah switched the air conditioning off, opened his window and the hot air hit me.
"Wow is it this hot every night?"
"No, sometimes in the middle of summer it gets hotter. You can take your top off now Olivia."
"I'm good thanks."
"You've got a bra on haven't you?"
"Of course."
"So why be uncomfortable."
"I'm good thanks."
Well I wasn't good, I just wasn't used to that heat and I was getting hotter and hotter. I stuck it for a few minutes then decided to take that thick top off thinking,
"Noah is family, it's okay for family to see me in my bra."
For the last part of the journey I sat there wearing just the bra, knickers and my denim miniskirt. I saw Noah glancing over to me and looked down at my chest. If I sat up straight my bra wouldn't hang away from my chest and Noah wouldn't see my little tits.
When we arrived at Noah's hose I was gob struck. You could fit my old house and gardens in the front garden of Noah's house and the outside of the house looked huge.
"You own this?" I asked Noah.
"Yes, my business is doing well."
"You're not kidding."
Noah pressed a button on the dash of the car and the big garage door opened. I reached for my top to put it back on but Noah stopped me, telling me that I'd regret it if I put it back on. I assumed that he meant the heat, and it was hot when I opened the door, even in the middle of the night. I imagined what it would have been like at that time of night back at home with my mum, I would have frozen to death if I'd gone outside dressed like I was right then.
"Come on Olivia, get your case." Noah said as he got out of the car, the lights inside the garage having come on automatically as he drove in.
As I bent to pick up the case from inside the car I realised that my bra was drooping away from my chest leaving my little breasts visible to Noah who was looking at me. I quickly stood and Noah said,
"No need to be shy Olivia, it won't be long before your as comfortable naked as you are clothed and wait until the morning, it will be a lot warmer and you will be grateful that you can walk around without any clothes on."
"I find that very hard to believe as the only places that I will be naked are in my bedroom or the bathroom." I replied.
"We'll see, come on, I'll show you around the place."
A door opened to a huge, modern kitchen and I just stopped and looked around. Mum would have loved to cook in that kitchen.
"Leave your case there Olivia, you won't be needing that again." Noah said.
My reaction was to think that I would, but I put it down and followed Noah. Five minutes later I had had the whistle-stop tour and it's was fair to say that I was again gob struck. I'd only ever seen houses like that on the television and here I was going to be living in one.
"Would you like a drink or something to eat before you go to bed Olivia?"
"Err no, thank you, I just need a couple of things out of my case."
"Your toilet bag?"
"Err yes, and my pyjamas."
"You won't be needing those." Noah replied, "I'll get your toilet bag."
With that Noah was gone leaving me still a bit gob struck.
Two minutes later Noah was back. I'd expected him to bring my case but all he had in his hand was my toilet bag.
"There you go, I'll show you to your room."
Noah had already shown me my room, complete with it's own little bathroom but he followed me up the stairs.
"Have a shower if you like Olivia," Noah said as I put my toilet bag on the bed, "I promise not to come and watch you."
"Oh, right, thank you." I replied as Noah turned and left the room.
"Promise not to watch you?" I thought as I went to the bathroom, "was there a camera in the bathroom I wondered, or would he have come into my bathroom and watched me shower?"
I locked the bathroom door then looked around for a camera. Seeing nothing I took my clothes off and got into the shower. It was nice, jets of water hitting me from all angles, one even hitting me at pussy level, and that felt nice.
Shower over I got out and dried. Wrapping the huge tower around me as I walked out to my bedroom and had a look in all the drawers and wardrobes. They were all empty.
Just as I closed the doors of the last wardrobe there was a knock on the door and Noah walked in. I was glad that I still had the towel round me.
"Hey," Noah said as he walked right into the bathroom and came back out with what little clothing I had up in my room.
"I'll put the skirt in the washer for you."
In his other hand were my bra and knickers.
"I'll get rid of these for you, you won't be wanting to wear them again."
I hadn't noticed before, but Noah had brought some shaving things with him and he'd put them on my bed as he had walked to the bathroom.
"Thought you might need those." Noah said pointing to the shaving things, "you'll find it much cooler if you shave off all that pussy hair."
Instantly my right hand went to my pussy only to find that it was covered with the towel. Noah was walking out of my room carrying my clothes and I wondering what I had walked in to by agreeing to go and live at Noah's house. There I was, naked apart from a towel with my only clothes gone. I just hoped that my suitcase was still in the kitchen, had Noah got rid of that as well? Was I doomed to live there in just a towel, or worse, naked?
And was I really expected to shave my pussy? Why? No one was going to see it. Even if they did it was my pussy, I could have it hairy or bald, whichever I wanted. I went to my bed and lay down to try to get my hear around everything that had happened in the last hour or so.
*****
The next thing that I knew was that the sun was shining in through the window and I was naked on top of the bed. The towel must have come unfastened in my sleep. Quickly fastening it again I got up and went to look out of the window to see a naked man diving into the swimming pool. When he surfaced I realised that it was Noah.
Oh my gawd, I had just seen my stepbrother totally naked. I just stared as he did a couple of lengths then got out of the water. My eyes were glued to his cock as he dried himself then threw the towel over his shoulder and walked to the house. As he walked he looked up to my window, smiled, waved, and kept walking.
I was shocked for a few seconds. Firstly that Noah had skinny dipped, then also at my reaction to the sight. Not only did I realise that Noah has a cute body, but also the fact that my pussy was feeling wet. What's more I hadn't stepped so maybe he saw some of me naked.
"Stop it Olivia." I said to myself, "he's your stepbrother."
Now I'd seen cocks before when I'd given boyfriends blowjobs and I'd seen one boyfriend naked in the back of his car when he took my virginity, but it was dark so I didn't get a good look, but this was different, It was broad daylight and Noah was totally naked.
Snapping out of my daydream I went to the bathroom, took off the towel and sat on the toilet. The next thing that I realised was that I had trimmed my pubic hair to a stubble and I was putting shaving cream all over it.
"What are you doing Olivia?" I said to myself, then,
"Well I suppose that it will be cooler."
I continued and didn't stop until there was no hair anywhere near my pussy. Then I got in the shower again.
Five minutes later I was walking back into my bedroom totally naked. I looked at myself in one of the full length mirrors and assessed my body.
"I look like I did a long time ago." I thought as my hand slid down my stomach and I realised that my pussy was quite wet.
"Stop it Olivia." I said to myself again, "he's your stepbrother."
Then I realised that I nothing to wear, literally no clothes. After a quick panic I went to the bathroom and wrapped a big towel around me. As I walked down the stairs I thought,
"Well he's bound to see me in just a towel sometime so I've got to get used to it."
Noah was in the kitchen eating some cereals when I walked in. I was both happy and disappointed that he had some shorts on.
"Morning Oli, slept okay? You don't mind me calling you Oli do you?"
"Yes, no, err, yes I slept okay thank you, and no I don't mind you calling me Oli. Where are my clothes so that I can get dressed?"
"Don't worry about those, have some breakfast then go for a quick swim. It will make you feel all refreshed. You can swim can't you?"
"Yes I can but I haven't got a suit."
"You don't need one here, as you saw earlier."
My face went bright red. I knew that he'd seen me looking at him but I was still embarrassed.
"Don't worry Oli, I'll get you a bikini when we go shopping. You'll need one when we go to some of the beaches and to parties."
"Oh you don't have to take me anywhere, I'm here to get a job and pay my way."
"We'll see about a job later Oli, as for paying your way, that killer body of yours is more than enough payment for you living here."
I blushed again then said,
"There's nothing special about my body Noah, besides, you haven't seen all of it."
"Yet Olivia."
I blushed again. My stepbrother was assuming that he was going to see me naked.
As I ate my cereals I smiled as I thought back to when I was a little kid and we played 'I'll show you mine if you show me yours.' I felt my pussy get a wet rush and was pleased that the towel was long enough for me to be sitting on it.
Noah finished his breakfast first and he just stared at me until I finished mine, making me both nervous and embarrassed. When I finished I picked up the bowls and mugs and walked to the sink hoping that the towel stayed in place.
"You don't have to wash them Oli, I have a dish washer."
"So did my mum, me." I joked.
"Leave them Oli, come and have a swim."
"But ....... "
Noah took my hand and led me out and to the pool. My heart was pounding, was I really going to take the towel off and jump into the pool naked, in front of Noah? I turned to Noah and said,
"I don't think that I can, no one has seen me naked since I was little."
Noah stepped in front of me, put his hand either side of my face, leant down and kissed me.
I was shocked and just didn't respond at all. Noah lifted his head and said,
"You okay Oli?"
"Yes, I err, I just didn't expect that."
Noah kissed me again, this time I did respond, I opened my mouth and let his tongue explore my mouth. Then my tongue explored his.
One of Noah's hands left my face and then I felt it pressing on the top of the towel. Seconds later the towel dropped to the floor and I was naked, totally naked, kissing my stepbrother outside in the open where anyone could have seen me.
After a few seconds I broke the kiss and stepped back. I was about to bend to pick up the towel when Noah said,
"Look around Oli, there's no houses so no one can see you."
I did look around then said,
"You are the first man to see me totally naked since I was a little girl Noah. Well except for my doctor when I went to get the contraceptive pill, and he gave me a lesson in what a proper orgasm should be like as well."
"Well I'm sure that he appreciated the sight as much as I am right now."
I smiled then stepped back up to him, reached up and kiss him.
"Come on naked girl, as much as I'd like to stay and do lots of things with you, we have to get into town and get you some clothes more appropriate for this part of the country and the places that I'm going to take you."
I held Noah's hand as we went back into the house and Noah playfully slapped my bare butt as we went up the stairs.
"So where's my suitcase Noah?" I said outside my bedroom door. "If you're taking me into town I need something to wear."
"Ah, I forgot to switch the dryer on and your skirt will still be wet."
"Where's the rest of my clothes, I'll find something in my case."
"I threw them all into the trash."
"Hang on a minute buster, you dumped all my clothes in the trash?"
"Yes, I had a look through them and decided that I would get you some more appropriate clothes so I dumped them."
"That was a bit presumptuous of you Noah wasn't it?"
"Well yes, but they weren't appropriate for your new life and every girl likes to get a new wardrobe at times doesn't she?"
"My new life! I've come here to get a job."
"And a new life with me."
"Wow Noah, I'm seeing a whole different side to you since we left home."
"One that you like I hope, especially when you watched me skinny dipping."
"Well I have to admit, I did like what I saw. Did you, are you, liking what you are seeing?"
"Hell yes, I always thought that you had an killer body and the living proof is right in front of me."
I blushed then reached up and kissed his cheek.
"Thank you Noah, but that doesn't answer the question of what I'm going to wear to get this new wardrobe that you are going to treat me to."
"You can go like that Oli."
"Yeah right, it's one thing you stripping me at you home but out in public, no way José."
"Okay, well not this time, come on, I'm sure that I can find something for you."
We went into Noah's bedroom and whilst he was looking in his wardrobes I was looking around and was very impressed, loads of space and a giant bed. In his bathroom I could see a huge walk-in shower.
I was expecting Noah to produce a sweatshirt and some shorts but what he had in his hand when he turned round was a shirt, a man's white shirt.
"You want me to wear that, is there a tie, jacket and trousers to go with it?"
"I think that you'd look a little silly wearing one of my suits, no Oli, this will do. There is one thing that I rescued from your suitcase that might help, a belt."
"That's all that's left of my clothes, one belt?"
"And the shoes that you were wearing."
"My sandals, yes, I did see that you forgot to pick them up from my room. If you hadn't forgotten would they have been in the trash as well?"
"No, actually I liked them, you looked good in them."
"So you'd have taken me into town wearing just my sandals and my red belt?"
"If I though that we could get away with it, yes."
"No thought about the humiliation and embarrassment that I'd suffer."
"You'll soon get used to being naked, look at you now, you're not covering your best bits, you've got used to being naked with me already."
"That's different, and besides you didn't give me much choice did you?"
"No, and I haven't really heard you complaining."
That sort of got to me, I hadn't complained and I hadn't tried to hide my little tits nor my freshly shaved pussy. My bare slit and protruding clit had been visible to Noah for ages and I hadn't once tried to hide them. Did I really like being naked in front of Noah? Well he is cute, and rich as well. What's more he obviously likes me. Hmm, I wonder where this is going.
I took the shirt and put it on. Thankfully I'm a lot shorter than Noah and it came down to well below my pussy and butt, but it was one of those shirts that is longer at the front and back than the sides, my thighs were uncovered to my pussy level.
I buttoned it down the front then rolled the sleeves so that my hands were visible.
"There you go Oli, cute looking and decent."
"It's a bit thin, look, you can see the darker colour of my nipples and areolae."
"Yes I can, and you look great with your nipples making darker bulges."
"I need a bra to hide them."
"No you don't, your breasts look firm and proud and very suckable. Besides, I've seen you not wearing a bra before."
"That was in my home, mum always told me that I had to wear a bra when I went out just in case my nipples embarrassed me."
"Well thankfully your mother isn't here so no more bras for you my girl."
My A cup tits don't need any support but I didn't like the idea of people being able to see the pokies made by my nipples in my tops. I guessed that I'd have to live with that until I got some new clothes.
"And what about some knickers?"
"Well you could borrow a pair of my boxers but I think that you'd spent most of the time holding them up. You'll just have to go knickerless."
"I've never gone out without knickers on before."
"So you've gone knickerless at home then Oli?"
"Only under my pyjamas."
"First time for everything Oli, I'm sure that you'll enjoy the experience, all that air rushing passed your bare clit, it will be nearly as nice as me sucking it."
"What makes you think that I'll let you suck my clit Noah?"
"You will be begging me to suck it Oli."
"Will I now?"
"Yes you will Oli, now get your shoes on and let's go."
"Where's my belt and did you throw out my handbags?"
Noah got the belt out of a drawer and handed it to me. When I put it on it shortened the shirt a bit but it did improve the look. Apart from my lack of underwear and my nipples and areolae showing, I was happy with what I saw in the mirror.
"This feels weird." I said as we went into the garage then the car."
"It doesn't look weird Oli, you look amazing and sexy."
"You think so?"
"I certainly do."
"Is that car yours as well Noah" I asked pointing to the expensive looking 2 seater with no roof on it.
"Yes, let's take that one, it will be coolers and nice having the breeze blow through our hair."
That was the first time that I'd been in an open top car and yes, it was a nice feeling although the air was blowing through more than my hair, it was lifting the shirt and ticking both my pussy and my nipples. I even shuffled forward in the seat and opened my knees to get a better feeling.
"I bet that the air feels nice on your shaved pussy Olivia." Noah said as we approached the centre of the city.
I didn't reply.
It had taken about 20 minutes to drive into the city centre and into a car park. Then I had to get out of the car. Noah came round to my side of the car and opened the door for me.
"Such a gentleman." I said as I got out.
"Such a nice pussy." Noah replied.
"Oh my gawd, did you just look at my pussy?"
"I did, and I have to say that it's a nice pussy, hardly any inner lips and that protruding clit looks so inviting, I can't wait to suck it."
"Are you trying to embarrass me Noah?"
"No, just stating some facts."
"Come on Noah, let's get into a shop before anyone sees that I have no knickers on."
"So you're going to flash your butt and pussy to people Oli?"
"No I am not, bit there is a bit of a breeze today."
"Here. I can help you with that." Noah said as he got down on one knee and unfastened the bottom 2 buttons of the shirt."
"What do you think you are doing Noah? I can't walk around with those open, people will see my bald pubes and slit. Fasten them please."
"No, leave them like that Oli, you'll enjoy it more."
I could have fastened the buttons myself but for some inexplicable reason I didn't, I just started walking towards the car park exit, and it did feel weird walking about in public wearing so little and in real danger of people seeing my pubes and slit. I say weird but at the same time it was both embarrassing and exciting. My pussy obviously thought it was nice because it felt so wet as I walked.
Noah quickly caught up with me and put his arm around my shoulder which felt nice. With him being so tall and me being so small, his hand was hovering in front of one of my tits. At first I thought that he was trying to hide my visible nipple but when his hand cupped my breast as we walked I knew the real reason why his hand was there.
"That's nice Noah, but we are in public, you need to remove your hand."
"Well okay, but I would have removed it anyway, we're at the first shop that we are going in."
I turned to my side and saw one of the big chain fashion shops. We went in and I went straight to some nice looking tops.
"No Oli, we want summer dresses." Noah said.
"Okay, in this heat thin, summer dresses will be good." I replied.
We selected a couple of dresses then I looked for the changing rooms to go and try them on. Noah followed me and as we got close Noah said,
"Use the cubicle at this end and leave the curtain open so that I can see you changing."
I stopped dead in my tracks, turned to Noah and said,
"You want me to strip where anyone coming in to the changing area and anyone stood outside like you looking in will be able to see me naked? What do you want me to do next, masturbate for people to see?"
"No Oli, that's asking a bit much for your first full day with me."
I just stared at Noah for a few seconds. I was mad with Noah, it's one thing being naked at his house, and going out with no knickers and maybe accidentally flashing my pussy, but to ask me to deliberately get naked where there was a good chance that strangers would see me was just not on.
I turned and continued my journey to the changing room not even looking back to see if Noah was following me. As I walked into the changing area I saw that the first cubicle was indeed free. I really did want to keep walking to the other end of the room but something made me walk into that first cubicle. I hung the 2 dresses up and turned to close the curtain and saw Noah watching me. He was on his own as I stared at him for a few seconds still with my hand ready to close the curtain.
Then I felt my pussy get a lot wetter and just knew what I was going to do. My hand came off the curtain and the fingers of both hands unfastened my belt and let it fall to the floor. Then they started unfastening the buttons on the shirt. All whilst I stared directly into Noah's eyes.
The shirt fell open and I pushed it back off my shoulders. I was now naked in the shop's changing area with Noah staring at me and the potential of one or more people walking in and seeing me.
I let Noah have a long look then I turned and took one of the dresses off its hanger. I turned to face Noah and lifted the dress ready to put my arms through and let it fall down my body. When my head came out of the top of the dress I realised that there was another man stood next to Noah.
My face went red as I quickly smoothed the dress down making sure that my pussy was covered. The thing was, although I was terribly embarrassed, my pussy and nipples were tingling more than when Noah had first seen me naked.
Noah waved me over to him and I walked over. As I approached him he said,
"You look good Oli, give us a twirl."
As I slowly turned, a few things crossed my mind. Noah had said 'give US a twirl'. Did Noah know the man? Was I twirling for the man as well as Noah? Had the man seen my bare tits and pussy as I put the dress on? Why were my nipples so hard and tingling as much as my pussy was? Was I really enjoying being exposed like that?
I hadn't found any answers by the time I was back facing Noah who said,
"You look fantastic Oli, can you use a sowing machine?"
"Yes, my mum taught me how to sew, I made a dress for myself last summer, why?"
Noah reached forward and down and got hold of the dress at the outsides of my thighs and slid the front up until the hem was only just covering my pussy, then he said,
"I want you to shorten it so that it's this long."
My jaw dropped, did he really want me to walk around wearing a dress that would expose my pussy and butt if I did anything other than stand upright? The material of the dress was very thin and the skirt part was flared out, the slightest breeze would expose me.
I was about to ask him if he was crazy but he lifted one hand, put a finger to my lips and said,
"You'll look truly amazing in it love."
All thoughts of saying anything disappeared out of my head as I realised that Noah had said the 'L' word to me. Did he love me or was it just a local term of endearment? Whatever it was it completely threw me and all I could think to say was,
"Shall I try the other dress on?"
"Yes please Oli." Noah replied.
As I turned to go and changed I looked at the other man and thought,
"I don't know how much you saw last time, but if you stay put you are in for a nice sight."
In the cubicle, without closing the curtain or looking to see who was watching, I pulled the dress up over my head and off leaving me totally naked again. Then I took the other dress off its hanger and turned to face Noah as I unzipped the dress and stepped into it. As I was pulling it up I was startled as a young woman walked from the other end of the line of cubicles right passed me and to the man next to Noah.
I paused and watched the woman and the man disappear then pulled the dress up covering my pussy then my little tits. I waggled it into place then walked over to Noah to zip it up. I turned so that my back was to him and as he zipped me up he said,
"That was brave of you Olivia, you're learning and I'm proud of you."
"I haven't a clue why I did that, it was crazy."
Noah smiled and said,
"You showed yourself to that man because you wanted to please me as well as him."
Again Noah had got me gob struck, I just didn't know what to say. Noah couldn't be right could he?
Noah bent over and put a hand up my skirt and touched my pussy causing me to move my butt backwards away from his hand, but it was too late, he's achieved his objective and when his hand came out he lifted it up so that I could see his wet fingers.
"And I bet that you're tingling a lot as well, and look at those nipples, you could hang those clothes hangers on those."
My face went bright red, again, but he was right, the experience had aroused me. I blankly stared at him as he put the finger in his mouth and sucked my juices off it.
Noah saw my confusion and decided to change the subject a little to give my brain time to make some sense of everything that was happening to / with me.
"Do a twirl then Oli."
I stepped back and slowly did a 360 then looked up to Noah's face.
"So do you like the dress Oli? I do, once you've shortened it you will look amazing. I like the way your nipples make those big pokies."
I was thinking about being out in public in that dress and people seeing the bulges made by my nipples when Noah shocked me again. This time he reached round my back and unzipped the dress. I was expecting him to tell me to go and change but instead he pushed the straps off my shoulders and the dress fell to the floor leaving me naked at the entrance to the changing area.
That shocked me a little and I didn't react very quickly, in fact not quick enough to avoid the 2 teenage girls that were walking in and seeing me totally naked. They giggled as I stepped out of the dress and hurried back to the cubicle and put Noah's shirt back on.
I don't know if it was because I was a little shocked by what had happened, I was a bit careless, or I subconsciously wanted to please Noah, but I didn't fasten all the buttons of the shirt, in fact I only fastened the middle 4 and everything felt normal, if wearing only a man's shirt could possibly be normal. As I put the belt on and carried the 2 dresses out to Noah he smiled at me.
"Can we get some knickers and bras as well please Noah?" I asked as we walked to the checkout.
"Why would you want any of those Oli?"
"Because that's what girls wear."
"But why, you're not wearing any now and your world hasn't ended, in fact it's taken a turn for the better hasn't it?"
I thought for a second then replied,
"Well yes, but I need some."
"Why?"
"But ..........."
"Tell you what Oli, we're going to a shop next that might just have some that I'll happily buy for you, will that make you happy?"
"Thank you Noah, I can't imaging life without wearing knickers at least some of the time."
I linked my arm with Noah's as we queued at the checkout.
As we walked out of the shop Noah said,
"You are getting used to being underwearless aren't you Olivia?"
"A little bit, it's not as bad as I imagined."
"You're getting used to flashing your pussy a little as well aren't you?"
"No."
"Well how come you didn't fasten the bottom buttons on your shirt? It's blowing open and your slit and that cute, not so little, clit is on display."
Thankfully I had a hand doing nothing and it immediately went to my pussy and discovered that what Noah was saying was correct.
"Oh my gawd, I didn't know, stop walking and let me fix it."
"How could you not know, you only got dressed a few minutes ago. No, keep walking, we're nearly there."
"People will think that I'm some sort of exhibitionist."
"Who cares what people think, but deep down all girls are a bit of an exhibitionist, they like men seeing them naked, it's part of their DNA. Why would they spend hours putting makeup on if they didn't want to be looked at? The problem is the upbringing that most girls have. They get their brains subjected to a constant barrage of instructions telling them that letting men see their knickers or nipples, or heaven forbid, a man seeing them naked, is bad. So they start to believe it. You don't see little girls worrying about their clothes do you? It's their parents that make them believe that it's wrong. Luckily, some girls are able to see through the brain washing and as they get older they realise that there's a lot of fun and pleasure to be had by letting men see what their mother tell them should not be on display."
"So you're saying that I'll get a lot of fun and pleasure by letting men see my tits and pussy?"
"You already are Olivia, think back through the day and tell me that you haven't had both fun and pleasure."
I was silent as I ran through my day then I replied,
"You might have something there Noah."
"See, you are an intelligent girl Olivia, I knew that you'd see the truth sooner or later."
"But mum always said"
"Stop right there Olivia, you're not living with your mother now, you're living with me and it's me that you have to please not your mother."
Noah had a point, I did want to please Noah, after all, he was letting me live in his house, feeding me and buying me a new wardrobe, all for free. But I was still grateful when we got to the shop and the shirt fell back down and covered my slit.
"This is a fancy dress shop Noah, what are you going to get me, a Tinker Bell or a French Maid's outfit?"
"That's not a bad idea Oli, but it's not what we are here for. I'm told that there is a room at the back that specialises in party and erotic lingerie wear."
"Oh, that doesn't sound like sensible day to day wear."
"Most days you are going to be naked all day Olivia."
"Am I, what about when I get a job?"
"I've got an idea about that but we'll talk about it some other time."
We went inside and Noah went and had a word with the female shop assistant then waved me over.
"Yes," the woman said "I'm sure that you will find what you want in the back, your girlfriend will look fantastic in a lot of the clothes that we have."
I was about to say that I wasn't Noah's girlfriend but he took my hand and gently pulled me to the back room.
Oh my gawd, the room was a lot bigger than I imagined and what I saw with that initial glance was amazing. I'd been into Victoria's Secrets before but this was on another level. As I looked around at everything that was on sale I saw another youngish couple, the man was holding a naughty nurse's outfit and the girl was getting undressed. I looked around and saw no changing rooms.
Then I saw the sales girl, not much older than me, watching the stripping girl. The sales girl must have seen Noah and me because she came over to Noah and asked if she could help in any way. I did a double take of her and saw that she was wearing a see-through dress with nothing underneath.
Noah saw her as well and he'd seen what I had seen.
"Err not at the minute, but I'll be sure to ask when we see something. Do you sell those dresses that you've got on?" Noah asked.
"Yes sir, follow me."
Noah and I followed the young woman down one aisle and stopped at a rack of something like 20 see-through dresses similar to the one she was wearing.
"Thank you Ms." Noah said.
"Oh please, call me Barbie."
"Will do Barbie, thank you."
As she walked away Noah turned to me and said,
"Would you like a job here Oli? I can just see you walking around in a dress like that."
"I don't think so."
"No, too many clothes on her." Noah replied.
I hit Noah on the arm.
"What was that for?"
"You don't seriously expect me to work naked in a shop do you?"
"Why not, you look better than that girl."
"Not going to happen Noah."
"We'll see. Now pick out a dress that you like."
As I was browsing I thought,
"Am I going to have to strip naked to try clothes on, out here? Well I don't suppose that it's that bad, that sales girl, Barbie, is virtually naked and that other girl will be naked in seconds. I guess that Noah will want me to wear see-through clothes at home, he's already seen me naked so why not? It's no big deal any more."
I looked over to the girl changing and saw that she was now naked apart from what looked like a G-string, but when she turned to face me I could see her slit.
"That's an unusual G-string." I thought.
Noah actually got a dress off the rack and told me to try it on.
"I suppose that you are expecting me to try it on here?" I asked.
Just as I said that another young couple walked in.
"Jeez, that's 2 male strangers that are going to see me naked." I thought, "It's a good job that we're not in my home town where I know a lot of people."
I unfastened the few buttons on the shirt that were still fastened and took it off. I felt very self conscious as I slipped the black, totally see-through dress over my head. It looked even more see-through than the white one that Barbie had on. Noah pulled me over to a mirror and I looked at myself. I'd stood with my feet slightly apart and I could see every detail of my slit and protruding clit.
"You look good Oli." Noah said.
"That's because the dress is see-through."
"No, I mean it, you do look good."
"Thank you Noah. Apart from the fact that it's see-through I like the dress, I could wear it over a slip."
"Oh no you can't, I want to see that pussy of yours every time that you put that dress on."
"Okay then, without a slip."
"Good, take it off and put it in the basket then we'll look for more clothes for you."
"Can I put the shirt back on?"
"No, not much point and you're not the only naked girl in here."
He was right, I wasn't, but it was still strange shopping in the nude.
We ended up with 2 dresses, 3 skirts and 4 tops in the basket. The material of all of them not even making the basket half full. All were extremely skimpy, made of very thin material and see-through to one degree or another.
Then Noah said,
"Oh yes, knickers." and led me over to the display of knickers.
Noah didn't give me any say in which ones he got for me. Into the basket he put only G-strings. At best they were see-through and half of them had no material at all covering my pussy, just strings or beads that went along the outsides of my pussy lips.
Whilst I was watching Noah select my new knickers I was also watching one of the other couples in there. The young man was putting what I guessed to be bondage gear onto his naked girl. When Noah said something about what else he wanted to get I turned to him and whispered,
"Look at those 2, they must be into bondage."
"Do you fancy being restrained Olivia?"
"I don't know, I've never tried it."
"We'll get some handcuffs and try it, see what it does for you, and me. Shall I get a blindfold as well?"
"I don't know."
Noah put both items in the basket.
"Noah," I asked, "am I likely to be going to the beach anytime? I've only ever been a couple of times and that was when I was little."
"Good thinking Olivia, bikinis, have you seen any Oli?"
"No."
"Go and ask the sales girl if they have any."
"Noah, I'm naked."
"So is she, well as good as."
I walked across the room, passed both couples that were shopping, both girls being naked or as good as, and to the sales counter.
"Do you sell bikinis please?" I asked.
"Not bikinis like you can find in TopShop, more the variety that you'd expect in a shop that has the select clientele such as yourself, this way please."
I followed the girl to where the bras and knickers were.
"Our clients usually wear these as bikinis." The girl said then turned and walked away.
Noah walked over and I noticed that he had a good look at the other 2 naked girls on the way.
"She says that girls usually wear these as bikinis but look at them, they'll hardly cover anything and I have small tits, on the big girls they'll only just cover their nipples, and they're all see-through to some extent."
Noah smiled and picked out a couple of sets of matching bras and G-strings. All 4 items were slightly see-through and made of very thin material. My 3 bumps will be visible for all the world to see, especially when they get wet. I wasn't looking forward to having to wear those on the beach.
"Maybe I could wear them to swim in Noah's pool." I thought.
Next Noah surprised me again. He took my hand and led me to an area of the shop that I hadn't been to before and I saw dildos and vibrators.
"You're not thinking of buying me any of those are you Noah?"
"Yes, just a couple of things to start with."
"When am I supposed to use them?"
"When I'm working. Your pussy will feel neglected and these will help."
"I'm going to be working as well you know."
"We'll cross that bridge when we get there." Noah replied.
"But I've never used one of those before."
"There's a first time for everything, even shopping naked."
I couldn't argue with that one.
"You've used a hairbrush handle or a banana before haven't you Oli?"
"That was different."
"Why?"
"Because."
"Because nothing, you'll soon be wanting to play with these whenever I'm not around."
"Will I?"
"Especially this one, but with this one I'll be able to play with you where ever I am in the world."
"What?"
Noah had a Lovense box in his hand and was reading the sales bumph on it.
"You're definitely going to like this one. You have brought your smart phone with you haven't you Oli?"
"My Galaxy 10, yes, it's in my bag back at your place."
"Good, you're not the only one who's going to get pleasure out of this one."
I was puzzled but I didn't say anything as Noah put it, a huge dildo that looked way too big for my little hole, 2 table tennis sized silver balls and what looked like a plastic hen's egg into the basket. I was confused but wasn't going to argue with Noah.
Then Noah surprised me again when he said that he nearly forgot a formal dress for me.
"Why do I need one of those? You're not going to take me to some fancy formal event are you?"
"Maybe."
Noah selected 2, floor length dresses for me to try on, both were backless and both had splits up the side, right up to my waist. There was no way that I could wear anything under those dresses without looking stupid. The halter necks on them were different, one being so narrow that even my tiny side boobs were showing. One of them also had another split up the front middle, right up to pussy level. Both dresses were slightly opaque and made out of material that was so thin that I just knew that I'd have to keep checking that I had them on.
Noah got me to try them both on and I had to admit that I looked good in them even if I said so myself. I took the second one off and put them both in the basket then Noah led me to the checkout, again going via the 2 other naked girls, one with lots of leather straps around different parts of her body.
"Someone is going to look great in all these clothes." The sales girl said as she started scanning the items."
"That would be Olivia her, she's new to exhibitionism and I want to give her a good start."
"It looks like she's already got a good start."
I blushed as I watched her scan the items then realised that I could put my shirt back on."