I knew the club was going to be packed that night, as I had emailed all of Betty's favorite voyeurs an announcement about the unveiling of a new device my pal up in Kenosha had made for me. You see, my Betty was an exhibitionist who loved having her tits played with. In fact, the more you played with them, the more she needed to have a penis in her mouth and vagina.
If I stopped right there, Betty would be the perfect woman.
Betty was also smart, caring, curvy and had a slightly innocent look about her lovely face. She had smallish eyes, but thick sexy lips. And, it must be said, her tits were magnificent. I mean, they were fucking great! Proud and round 36D's, perfectly symmetrical, beautifully curved with prominent but not grotesque nipples. I swear, sometimes I can just sit and look at 'em. Which actually gets Betty turned on. Seriously, I've tied her to a chair, taken off her top, and just sat there and stared at her until she begged me to fuck her.
I am a very lucky man.
But I have not sat on my laurels and simply basked in my Fuck Luck. No sirree! I have endeavored to keep this wonderful person interested and satisfied, and to provide her all the comfort and pleasure I possibly can. Why? Because I am an amazing person? a gentleman? a Knight-Errant? a upstanding dude? a righteous brother? Nope.
I do it because it makes my dick feel good.
The pisser is that she has made me a better person by proximity, like a contact high but with ethics and stuff. I was a libertine for quite a while, which is a French way of saying lying-cheating-asshole-that-fucks-anyone-that-moves-kind-of-guy, but Betty had straightened me out, shown me that you could be happy and honest at the same time. And I have to say, it's the best sex I've ever had. She keeps me honest, and I keep her happy. Tonight, The Escalator Seat would be my instrument of happiness.
As I led her into the Sex Club, Betty was wearing crotch-less black panties, an underwire lacy black bra, a domino mask, high heeled shoes and leather straps with metal rings on her wrists and ankles. We made out way to The Robespierre Room which was as large as a basketball court and filled with beds, racks, ropes and hooks hanging from the ceiling with various implements of sexual destruction scattered about. I led her to the sybarite bench in the middle of the room, where she had been teased and fucked by me many nights before. The bench had been replaced by a saddle looking seat, with a gap in the very center. The saddle was placed on a pneumatic platform that had been crafted to allow a person to lie underneath the saddle in comfort. After gazing at the contraption, Betty looked at me a little nervously.
"Carson, what is that thing?"
"It's a special fuck seat. I had it made special, just for us."
As I spoke those words, i saw her shift her stance, in that certain way which told me she was getting turned on. "And what's the special fuck seat for, Carson?" She said, breathlessly.
"It's to fuck you with, Betty. Here, I'll help you climb up on the seat." I took her by the hand and led her to the device, where she kicked one leg over and saucily settled in like Dale Evans on the Ranch. I shackled her ankles to the straps I had placed on the bottom of the device, and did the same with her wrists, fastening her pale arms firmly by her side. I checked her position and confirmed that there was enough support so she could sit there for hours without her back getting tired. She was now sitting straight up, the shape of the seat making her ass look curvier, and her chest thrust outwards with her nipples just about at head-level to the passerby's. Perfect. Then I turned on the lights, which cast an alternating lurid red and a deep blue light directly onto Betty from above, instantly turning my lingerie clad wife into an Amsterdam-like Display of pulchritudinous abandon.
"Ladies and Gentlemen, your attention please. My name is Frederick, and it is my burden to be bound to a Sexual Psychotic. Her name is Eve. Please, come witness her perversion." I opened every exhibitionist session with this announcement, using our fetish names. As the group gathered about, they hushed to a silence, and Betty squirmed in her chair, keenly feeling all the eyes peering out of the shadows, examining every inch of her near naked skin which was as exciting her as much as my penis ever could be. I saw her arms and ankles strain against the straps as she tried to move her pussy around to stimulate her clit, but she couldn't; my design made sure of that. Bwahahaha!
"You see, my friends, even now Eve struggles to maintain the illusion that she is but a normal woman. But lo, the truth is she is an addict to her carnal needs, and to the witnessing thereof." I strode over to the control box, my naked body receiving appreciative looks from the women in the crowd, and some of the men. I had got myself back in shape after meeting Betty, and my cock was a very pleasing 8" with a good thickness, and it was hard as hell right now. At the box, I pulled a lever, and Betty's seat silently glided downwards about half a foot and gently rested. I pulled the same lever and the seat rose back to it's original height. I addressed the room again.
"You must assist me tonight, in denying Eve any contact, save on her tits and nipples. And then, only if she begs, and convinces you that she wants it badly enough. Then, after you have touched her for a period of 90 seconds, if she has pleased you, you may press this button, which will randomly activate The Elevator Seat; as such." I pressed a special combination into the keypad, and the seat began to move up and down about six inches in a regular motion. Then it slowed down, and then switched it's pace, going down fast, and up slow, and then up slow and down fast. "The only way she will get the cock she desires, is to please you, in this manner." Betty shook her head and squirmed in her seat. I withdrew a medium sized dildo from my Bag of Tricks and inserted it into the aperture just below the seat. The I lowered the seat to where the tip of the dildo just began to enter Betty's pussy. Betty smiled until the seat pulled up again, making Betty whimper in frustration. I then pressed the combination code for Random, and took one step away, just close enough to keep her safe but far enough to give people room to properly molest her.
"Please...please, will somebody play with my tits?" Betty said in a meek voice.
Tuxedo Jim stepped forward. He was a regular of the Room, who always wore a tuxedo, except for the pants, of which her wore none. He reached out and with a single finger extended, and barely touched Betty's left nipple.
"Noooo-waah." Betty said, wriggling.
"That's all the touch you get for that weak ass request."
Betty took a deep breath. "Please pinch my nipples, pinch them and play with them, please. Play with my tits, so I can cum."
"That's better.", said Jim. He reached out and took her nipples in his fingers, and pinched them firmly, slowly increasing the pressure, making Betty moan in short gasps. Jim pulled them up a bit, so that Betty's ass was almost hovering over the seat, and then let go suddenly and slapped the Button. The seat descended all the way down in one smooth stroke, impaling Betty on the dildo.
"Ohhhhh God, Yessss!" Betty screamed as the seat lifted her up, and then down in a steady pace for about three strokes, and then ceased in the up position.
"Oh shit, please, please somebody play with my tits! Please fondle them, please!" Her voice had gone from shy to frantic, and my cock get even harder watching her get more and more desperate for a fuck. Bob and Nancy Goodman came out of the crowd. They were 1950's Americana fetishists, so they always dressed like the parents from Leave it To Beaver, all they way down to their 1950's underwear and lingerie.
"What what have we here, honey?" Bob asked in a broad, TV sitcom voice.
"I think Eve's been a bad girl. We should make sure she learns her lesson, Bob."
"You're right, Nancy. It's the only way we can be good neighbors."
Betty interrupted them, "Please Bob, Nancy, put your hands on me. Please put your hands all over my tits! Squeeze them, suck on them, please!"
"Well! I'm impressed. What about you Nancy?"
"She's got me convinced."
"That's great, dear! So, Go suck on her tits, while I screw you from behind."
Nancy beamed. "I was hoping you'd say that." Nancy bent down a little to put her thin lips close to Betty's nipple as Bob lifted Nancy's skirt and petticoat out of the way as he plunged his cock into his wife. Nancy lurched forward, swallowing the entire nipple and then greedily sucking on it, her eyes closed, her cheeks concave, her pearls swaying back and forth as Bob kept fucking her. The slurping sounds of Nancy's sucking were barely disguised by Betty's moaning.
"Oooh, suck them, yes. suck my nipples, please please!!!"
Nancy kept it up until the timer went off, and then she looked over her shoulder at her husband, his pipe still firmly in his mouth, who winked back at her in assent. Nancy pressed the Button. The seat slowly lowered itself, Betty wiggled her pussy into the seat as low as she could. The dildo entered her one inch deep, two inches, three inches, and then stopped, and rose two inches, and then down two inches. Betty howled in frustration. I smiled. I knew a shallow fuck would drive her to even higher states of desire. The slow, shallow motion of the seat continued to make Betty moan and scream, all the while Nancy was leaning forward on the frame still being fucked by Bob. The seat finally slowed to a stop, and Bob took out his pipe to ask me a question.
"Say, since there's two of us, can we go again?", his hips continuously giving Nancy a good fucking.
"Only if you switch sides." I told him.
"That's fair. You got a deal, pal." Bob pulled his cock out of Nancy and escorted her over to the other side, where he helped Nancy down to her knees in front of Bob, where she began to greedily devour Bob's long and slender dick. Her white gloved hands somehow still looking prim and proper as they stroked Bob's erect shaft. Bob had begun to suck on Betty's tits, but he was squeezing the entire breast, and then licking the nipple roughly, and lightly, and roughly, which was driving her crazy. Also, I noticed Betty watching Nancy gobble Bob's cock, and she began to lick her lips and swallow the spit that was involuntarily flooding into her mouth.
The bell went off again, and Bob looked down at Nancy, who gave him a wink of assent, her mouth half full of cock, and he reached over and pressed the button. The seat settled all the way down, making Betty groan in satisfaction as the dildo disappeared into her pussy. It stayed close to the bottom, rising up and down only an inch and a half, giving her a good fuck for a few seconds. I made sure the dildo was a little smaller than my cock, so she would have more to beg for later.
When the seat lifted again, Caroline T stepped up. She was dressed as Power Girl from the DC comic Books. If you don't know, her costume is a skin tight one piece white bathing suit, with a large hole cut out in the center of the cleavage. Calf high red boots, short blonde hair and a cute red half-cape completed the ensemble which Caroline's ample tits made more than work. Betty smiled at Caroline, believing she would not have to beg very hard, as they were close friends at the club, and had often gone down on each other in the heat of the moment.
"Hey Caroline, you look hot." Betty said, biting her lip.
"I know that, and I'm feeling Powerful." Caroline retorted in a haughty voice. "So, if you want me to play with your tits, I get to suck your husband's cock."
Betty was a little jealous of other people sucking my dick. Fucking, she didn't mind as much. Caroline knew that, which is why she said it. Caroline and I had fooled around before, with Betty's approval.
"No, go find another dick to suck." Betty said spitefully. Caroline stepped back. "Allright if that's how you want it." She was smiling as a muscular blonde man wearing little gold shorts like The Creature from The Rocky Horror Picture Show, approached and without a beat said, "I'll play with your tits if PowerGirl can suck your husband's cock."
"Noooo! Oh shit, you talked to everyone here, didn't you?" Betty accused Caroline.
"Actually, no." said the Blonde Guy. "We all just figured out it would torture you even more. God, You are such a little tit slut, aren't you?"
"Yes, yes I am."
"Then...", the blonde guy left it hanging.
"Shit! Fine! Suck his cock." Betty said like a spoiled child. Caroline stomped over and leaned in close. "Ask nicely.".
Betty squirmed, and squirmed again. "Please suck my husband's cock. Please put his thick dick into your mouth."
"Okay." Caroline skipped over to where I stood and fell to her knees before my naked body, With two superhero style gloved hands she attacked my cock, stroking the shaft while slurping on the crown, her tongue swirling round and round the head of my dick. It was fucking amazing. Meanwhile, Blonde Guy was holding his palms flat out and softly rubbing Betty's nipples, which was making her quake and shiver. When the bell rang, Caroline stopped sucking my dick and stood as Blonde Guy pressed the button. The seat began to give Betty long slow strokes, all the way down and all the way up. Betty was growing more and more frustrated with each round. She was getting some satisfaction, but twice the stimulation at every press of the button.
Caroline stepped over to get her pound of flesh, and began to manhandle Betty's tits, squeezing them roughly and grabbing at them, giving them little slaps and flicks.
"You like that, don't you?" Caroline whispered.
"Yes, yes, I do, just please keep touching them!"
"Only the nastiest tits sluts enjoy this kind of treatment." Caroline growled while squeezing her tits so hard the flesh pushed put from between her fingers. Betty screamed in pleasure, giving Caroline all the answer she needed. The bell went off and Caroline slapped the button. The seat began a vigorous, high speed fuck, making Betty's tits bounce up and down and her eyes roll back in her head as the seat rabbit fucked her to incoherence. When it stopped, she was swaying a little in the chair, making me glad I put in a high back and extra support.
Then the Two Janes slithered forward with evil grins. They were two lesbian lovers from Hong Kong who looked like sisters. Both slender, with short hair and beautiful faces, they were leather fetishists who tonight had on Hell's Angels outfits: tight jean shorts, leather boots up to mid thigh, tight leather vests and no bra. They strode up to either side of Betty and took off their vests, revealing two sets of small but lovely tits, with all four of the nipples pierced with metal loops. Jane on the left pulled out a set of nipple clips connected by a very long chain and handed one end to Jane on the right, who drew the clip through her loop piercings, thus threaded them with the long chain. She then fastened the clip to Betty's right nipple. Jane on the left also threaded both of her own loop piercings with the chain before clipping the end onto Betty's right nipple. Now a chain extended from Betty's left nipple, through one Jane, through the other Jane, and back onto Betty.
Then the two Janes leaned backwards. All six tits pulled against each other inexorably. Betty, chained to her seat, could only watch as the two Asian lovers pulled and stretched her tits more and more. The women began to move to the left and right, all keeping tension on Betty's tits, but now pulling them in different directions. Back and forth they leaned and swayed. Then with their hands holding the slack in the chains, they began to pull Betty's tits upwards, higher, higher and higher they pulled! Betty's screams echoed throughout the room. Her hips shook and quaked as she came in the chair, suspended over the dildo. The room gasped and murmured in wonder and astonishment at how much a tit slut a person could be to just cum from nipple play.
The Janes lowered Betty's tits, unhooked the clips and leaned over the Seat to kiss each other. They embraced fiercely, and their tongues entwined just in front of Betty's face, though she seemed oblivious, her head lolling back and forth in a daze from the orgasm she just had. Then left Jane reached down and pressed the button. The seat began it's medium pace with medium depth, which Betty welcomed unashamedly.
Three more people went up, all taking their fill of Betty's tits, none even making her ask anymore. And the Seat kept randomly fucking her, but never as deep as she wanted, and never as long as she wanted. When her cries became desperate enough, and I felt I had shared her enough with the room, I went the control boards and entered in my personal code. I removed the dildo and slid under platform, placing my erect cock near Betty's pussy. I reached down with both hands to find the grip triggers that would control the platform's rising and falling; a squeeze brings her pussy down, a release lifts her pack up again. Simple. I felt the system click over to the triggers and I squeezed the handle gently, bringing Betty down onto my cock.
"Oh shit, your cock is so warm! So big! Oh, deeper, deeper, fuck me, PLEASE."
I began to lift her up and down on my cock, fucking myself with her sweet body. Giving her the long deep fuck she had been craving all night, her pussy crashing down on my pelvis with each drop of the seat. Her sweet vagina was a marvel! It felt so sweet fucking me and with that mechanical precision it was a different sensation entirely. We kept at it, and though it was still feeling great, I was getting a little tired of just lying there, my hands touching nothing but metal, you know? I released the grip and crawled out of the seat and stood before Betty. She was looking at me with that know-it-all look in her eye.
"You need your hands on me, don't you?"  I nodded, so full of lust and love I couldn't force a word past my thoughts.
Her flushed face smiled wide as I unfastened her restraints and lifted her from the seat and carried her to the nearest couch.
We walked past Bob and Nancy. She was riding on top of him, her blouse open but her 1950's bullet bra still on. She was grinning wide, rocking her hips on Bob's crotch while he fondled her ass, his pipe still in his lips.
Then we saw The Janes sixty-nine-ing each other on the BDSM stage while one the Dom's whipped them with a light flail.
And not to be outdone, Charlotte was being fucked by the Blonde guy. They were doing it missionary and her red booted legs were wrapped firmly around his ass and her hands where clawing away at his back like a bobcat on a hotplate.
We found a shadowy corner with an empty couch and I laid her down and instantly began fucking her. Our hands and mouths were all over each other, not touching a single part but touching all parts; every little part of her body I wanted to feel and kiss. I thrust myself as deep into her as I could, grinding deeper and deeper. I felt like I could not get enough of myself into her. Betty was as worldless as I, bucking her hips against mine in perfect timing. When our lips found each other at last, we kissed deeply, our wide mouths breathing each other's air, our bodies thrusting and grinding in a union of flesh, until I couldn't hold back any longer. I came deep and hard into her, our mouths still locked in a kiss, and I felt her cum with me on my cock and on my tongue. We shook and trembled as we came, and then held each other until we were still in each other's arms.
I think I like being married.
And remember, Fuck Luck, my friend, is made, not given.