Authors note: Everyone in this story is eighteen years old or older. The story is entirely fictional. Any similarities to real people or events are purely coincidental.
This story has elements of cuckolding and rough sex for money. If that's not your taste, it might not be the right story for you.
Constructive comments are always welcome.
Porn agent asks couple - Wife gets paid to fuck a porn star
"Fresh Amateur Video Productions" made adult videos. They sent agents into towns to find new amateur talent off the street. A crew of two people, the agent, and a cameraman, prowled around establishments such as Walmart or The Dollar Store in run-down parts of town.
Matt Davis was one of the agents they used. He had an uncanny ability to talk women into anything. He instinctively knew when to push and when to pull back. He could make the ugliest woman think she was beautiful and could talk her into doing whatever degrading thing he wanted, and she would love it.
Matt and his cameraman were in the parking lot of a Walmart, searching for a young couple who appeared to be in dire need of financial assistance. The woman didn't need to be pretty, but he preferred pretty ones. It made his job easier and more fun. He looked for couples who were on the verge of being homeless, those who were barely hanging on and would do anything for money. Couples who were out of choices were easy to persuade. For the video he was currently working on, the couple wouldn't know everything that would happen in the video shoot.
He'd had a few failed attempts when he spotted a couple coming out of the store who sounded like they were fighting over money. The woman was pretty and in charge.
Matt and his cameraman walked over to them with the video camera running. The first few lines of any negotiation were the trickiest.
"Hi. I'm Matt from Fresh Amateur Video Productions. When I saw you come out of the store, you looked like a beautiful couple, and I just had to talk to you."
"About what?" she asked.
"I'm looking for beautiful amateur women to be in a new kind of adult video," he said to the woman. The guy looked like a wimp who would do whatever she said. Most of the rest of what he said was to the woman. She's the one who would decide.
"Can I get your names?"
"I'm Alice and this is my husband, Drew. By adult videos, you mean porn."
That confirmed that she was in charge. She spoke first, was willing to talk to him, and wasn't appalled by the idea of adult videos.
Looking at Alice, he said, "Yes, I mean porn. We're scouting for talent for some new adult videos, especially young beautiful new talent. We're trying a new type of video aimed at women. We need good-looking, sexy amateur women to do only one video. We use amateurs because that's the point of these videos."
Alice liked watching porn and knew what Matt wanted. She could spot a slick salesman a mile away and Matt was good. She wasn't opposed to being in a porn video and she thought she might be able to get good money that they desperately needed out of Matt if she played it right.
"What's different about this new kind of adult video?" she asked knowing that it wouldn't be much different than the ones she'd seen.
"The video is shot from the perspective of an amateur woman fulfilling a dream. What woman hasn't fantasized about having sex with a well-hung porn star? The kind of man that will stretch her to her limits and can keep satisfying her all night. In these videos, women get to see what it would be like to be made love to, by a stranger. A porn star, who is extremely well-endowed, experienced, knowledgeable, and can control himself until she's completely satisfied. A man that can make her come so many times she loses count."
"Have you ever thought about that Alice?"
"Never," she said but Matt watched her eyes while he described it and knew better.
"At the beginning of the video, we'll guarantee that the female lead is an amateur, only doing this one video. We'll do a short 'before interview' asking about what she hopes to get from the experience. We want all women to picture themselves in her shoes and imagine what it would be like for them."
"We'll do an 'after interview' so that she can tell them what it was like. We want them to dream about what it was like for her. She could tell women what she was expecting and how much better it was in real life."
Matt added, "There are lots of amateur videos on the web, but most are awful. The production quality is really bad, and the guys are not up to porn star standards."
"Why are you filming us now?" Drew asked.
Matt had forgotten Drew was there. "If you accept our offer, we may want to use some of this footage in the video. Just pretend the camera is not here."
Matt turned back to Alice and said, "We would normally do a casting call, but I'm going to be honest with you. This is our first time making this kind of video. It's not cheap renting all the equipment and paying a crew to make a professional video. We have Ron as the porn star, but the woman we had lined up called an hour ago and said her husband wouldn't let her do it no matter how much we paid them. So, while the crew is just sitting there, we're losing money. Also, at a casting call, we mostly get women who want to stay in the business. We're looking for a woman with the right look, an everywoman, who has no desire to work in porn. Except for this one time."
"They are willing to pay a lot of money for an amateur woman to be the star of the film, but it has to be right now. Drew is welcome to watch to keep you safe. You'll get a copy of the video to view later. When I saw you, I couldn't believe I was lucky enough to find someone as young and pretty as you in this crummy neighborhood. I bet you can act a little too. I can tell by the way you stand, move, and that sexy, husky voice you have."
"What's Ron like?"
"Ron Savage? I bet you've seen him watching porn on the web. He's a handsome charming man who happens to be hung like a horse. He's close to ten inches long and thick. You won't believe it. It's hard to take your eyes off it. He has this rich deep voice that makes women want to drop their panties. To top that off he's in his twenties and works out every day. He has muscles on top of muscles."
Alice asked, "What would I have to do?"
"Just have a good time screwing a porn star. We want this to be realistic. First, you'll meet your co-star, Ron. Then together, you and Drew will do a 'before interviews' where to tell people what you're looking forward to, and what you expect it to be like."
"As far as the sex, they'll be a blowjob, he'll go down on you until you come, and sex in five or six positions. I don't which ones exactly but standard stuff. The more he can make you come the better. Ron is amazing. He can make women come over and over. Can you come easily with the right guy?"
"Yes."
"I make her come all the time," Drew said but no one was listening to him.
"People can spot a woman faking it. That's why we can't use a woman porn star. We want your real reactions. You don't need to act. We want you to enjoy your time with Ron. Are you normally vocal during sex?"
"The neighbors have complained."
"You'll be great, and no one is going to complain. I guarantee that you'll want to scream with Ron. I've never seen a woman that didn't."
"After the sex is over, you'll both do 'after interviews'. Then we'll be done."
"How much do you pay?" Alice asked.
Drew said, "You can't be thinking about this, Alice." They ignored him.
"Usually around $1000/hour," Matt said without looking at Drew.
Alice said, "That's not enough."
Matt said, "We might be able to pay you a little more money if we know you're serious. Do you think you could make a video like this?"
Drew said, "She's not doing this." Alice gave Drew a threatening look.
"Let's just say I'm intrigued," Alice said.
Matt said, "It's not that I don't believe you, but I need some sort of proof that I'm not wasting my time. Let's go into the alley back there and I'll give you $200 to keep if you'll show me your pussy and tits and let me touch them. I need to know that you're not shy about being touched by a stranger and not worried about being naked in front of a camera." He pulled $200 out of his pocket and showed them.
Drew said, "She can't do that, someone might see."
"If she makes this video lots of people will see everything in detail and there'll be people on the set watching her. It'll just take a few seconds, and no one will see."
"No way," Drew said.
Alice said, "It's OK. It's no big deal and we need the money. You can keep watch, Drew."
Drew was not happy, but he followed them into the alley. They needed money for food, rent, and car repair. He'd lost his job and felt guilty about it. She worked part-time as a waitress in a dive bar, but they couldn't support themselves with the money she made.
She looked around then indifferently unbuttoned and unzipped her jeans and pulled them down to mid-thigh. Then she then pulled her top and bra up to expose her tits.
Matt reached over, held her tits, and pinched her hard nipples. "Your breasts are magnificent, Alice." He then reached his hand between her legs. She spread them as far as possible. Matt found her entrance and pushed his finger inside her and she moaned quietly. Her moan was real; she was very wet. Matt felt her squeeze her pussy muscles around his finger. She gave him a sly smile and he returned it. Alice had forgotten that the video guy was filming.
Matt told her to get dressed. He knew she was ready to do the video and she was excited about it. She was just looking for more money. Drew was whipped and would do whatever Alice told him to. He handed her the $200 in twenties and said that she would be great for the video.
Alice said, "I'm going to need more money to do this. Any video I'm in will be on the web forever. My parents might see it."
Matt pretended to think for a second and said, "I can give you $1500 plus the $200. He pulled the cash out. She still acted reluctant. As a bonus, you'll get a video of yourself being fucked by a pro."
Alice said, "That won't pay the rent. If it were a video with my husband, I'd do it. But a stranger?"
"Then it would be an amateur couple fucking. We've done some of that, but it was awful. Some of the men couldn't get it up in front of the cameras with the crew watching them or they'd shoot their load too fast and couldn't recover." He smiled at her and said, "Tell me that it wouldn't happen with Drew," and winked at her.
She smiled. He'd caught her. Drew could never get it up twice and she knew he couldn't get hard with a film crew watching. She and Matt were communicating wordlessly, and it was turning them both on.
Matt continued, "This video is different. It's an amateur woman being satisfied by a pro, as only a pro can. A professional porn star can get it up when they're told to and can keep it up until they're told to come. They can fuck for hours. I don't know how they do it. Very few amateur women have experienced that. It will spark their imagination; it's something they've only dreamt of. We'd like Drew to be there to watch so he's not worried about you. He'll be in the interviews too."
Only a small part of what Matt had told them was true. They were making a video of Alice being fucked by a pro. Not just fucked but brutally fucked until they were finished with her. Some women thought they can take an hour of hard fucking by Ron, but very few could. Having a cock the size of Ron in them would stretch them until it hurt. They only got paid after the shoot.
And there was more. One video would be cut as Matt described, and another would be cut into a cuckold video. They'd show Drew's reaction to Alice being fucked hard in every hole by a big dick porn star and show his humiliation. They could get a third video out of it too. An extreme hardcore video showing a woman having rough sex.
He looked at Alice and said, "You would be perfect for this. You're young, you've got one hell of a body, your face is beautiful and cute too, and you exude sexuality. You have this undefinable look that every woman can relate to. They'll be able to see themselves in your place, in bed with a porn star who can easily satisfy them like they deserve to be. I'll go as high as $2000 and if they go over an hour, you'll get $500 more."
Matt thought that was over a month's pay for them. "If that's not enough I saw another couple that I'll make the same offer to. She's not as pretty as you are, but I need someone now. People are waiting for me. You need to make a quick decision, or I need to move on."
Now he had $2000 cash in his hand. Alice knew she could get more. Now, it wasn't a matter of whether she was going to do it, she was, it was all about how much money she could get out of it.
Alice said, "You'll give me $3000. Don't even try to tell me about going to talk to another couple. It would take you time to sweet talk another girl and she might say no. You're a good salesman, but going up to random people, you fail a lot too. Hell, they might not even talk to you. That would cost you more money."
Matt looked at her and said, "You called my bluff. You're right and I like the way you look better. You're a smart and sexy little thing aren't you." He smiled at her. "And not a bad bargainer. That's the most we've ever paid for amateur talent."
He shook her hand.
Drew said, "But Alice, you're my wife. You can't screw a porn star for money."
She said, "It'll be like a one-night stand we had before we met. We both had plenty of those. It's just sex and doesn't mean anything. It's not like I'm going to fall in love and run away with him. It's an hour of work and I'll earn $3000 which we desperately need because you lost your job. Besides, it's my body and I'll do what I want with it."
"You're going to blame me. You'll say you had to do this because I lost my job."
"Hey, Matt," she called out while staring into Drew's eyes. "Do you want an amateur guy to be fuck by a really big gay porn star? That way Drew can earn the money."
"I'll ask," Matt said.
"Drew, all you'd have to do is give a guy a blowjob and have him shove his big cock up your ass. Oh, and you'd fuck him too. On video; for the web. How about it?"
Drew remained quiet. Matt thought that Drew was going to be perfect for his part too, as the pathetic husband.
Alice didn't want to tell Drew that she wanted to do this because it excited her. The money would be nice, but it wasn't her true motivation. She'd always fantasized about having sex with people watching, and the idea of a film crew watching her, made her wet. Having a video of her fucking a man and coming was another one of her fantasies. She'd tried to talk Drew into filming them, but he wouldn't go for it.
It made her beyond horny to think about making a video with a porn star that was hung like a horse. She'd watch it when she was lonely and revisit the day. It would be so much better than most porn on the web. She thought about what the agent said, "Ron can fuck for hours." He was exaggerating but she wanted to rub between her legs.
It would be like a one-night stand, all right. A one-night stand with a guy who knew what the hell he was doing and could do it for a long time.
Three of her fantasies were going to become reality today.
Matt neglected to tell Alice how brutally she would be fucked in all her holes by Ron's enormous cock. After they were done, she would need help walking.
+++++
Now that she'd accepted, she wouldn't beaskedto do anything again, she'd be told what to do. They got in a van for the short trip to the location. The video guy told her to show her tits and pussy in the van while he took video. She looked at Matt like she didn't want to. He said, "Just do it." They were taking away her choice. If they ever her a choice, it would be an illusion. A choice between bad or worse things to do. Even though the van had big windows she held up her top for the camera. Then she pulled down her pants to display and finger her pussy. Matt stuck his finger up her too. She closed her eyes and smiled.
They went to a cheap motel for the shoot. On the drive over, they signed contracts and releases. They were written to be long and incomprehensible. They needed Drew to sign because he's in the shots at Walmart and in the van, they shot earlier. He would be in the interviews. The contract included anal sex. They didn't point that out to her, but it was in the contract. There was so much going on that they didn't have time to read the "standard" contract. They just signed it. The only thing they read was the amount of money she'd receive. They handwrote that in big print.
They walked in and there was a crew of four. The director, two cameramen, and a big guy just standing around. Matt stayed too. Probably for the show. One video camera was on a tripod, and handheld cameras were sitting around. They didn't know about the camera hidden behind a mirror that focused on Drew the entire time. There was a big bed in the room with four seven-foot posts at the corners. The crowded room was hot, reeking of desperation, perversion, and recent sex.
Alice and Drew overheard the director say to Matt, "Thank god you're here. It took you long enough. Did you stop for lunch? We'll be late for the rest of the fucking day."
"You spent how much for this cunt? Damn, let's get a look at her." Matt brought Alice over. "She'll do. Let's hurry and get the extra videos of the bitch taken."
He sent her to a little counter to have makeup put on. The makeup they used was not waterproof. They wanted it to be smeared all over her face at the end. Even if she had fun, which was unlikely, they wanted her to look like she'd been through the wringer.
The director told her to have a couple of drinks while he got ready. He wanted her relaxed, compliant, and not making the best choices. Everything they did, they did quickly. They didn't want to give her time to think.
They sat Drew, the unknowing husband, in a chair a foot from the bed to watch his wife being fuck by the biggest cock around.
The director messed with the lights, and Alice downed a couple of strong drinks. The director was no-nonsense. He took short videos and stills for advertising. When he told her what to do, he expected her to do it quickly and without hesitation. When she didn't pose like he wanted, he yelled, "Has this bitch ever had her picture taken? She can't follow simple instructions. She can't be this stupid." His put-downs made her do exactly what he said and more. "Unbutton your top and look at me like you want to fuck me," he barked. "Throw open your top as you walk towards me." "Hold your titties and offer them to me." He yelled at Matt, "Couldn't you find a woman with bigger tits? Oh well, we've got to go with what we've got."
"We're in a hurry here. Open your pants and touch your cunt outside your panties. For god's sake look like you're enjoying it. Slide your hand under your panties and look at me as if you want me to come all over your cunt. Slide your pants and panties down to your thighs and stick two fingers in your cunt. Look at me like you want my cock. Pull out your fingers and lick them like it's the best-tasting thing in the world." She started exaggerating her movements and expressions.
"OK, take a break, take all your clothes off, and get a drink." They took some videos of her lying on the bed spreading her legs, pinching her nipples, spreading her pussy lips, and fingering her clit. She got on the bed on her hands and knees, and someone spread her cheeks and slapped her ass. They stuck fingers in her and displayed everything she had to the camera. They made jokes about how much her pussy was going to be stretched. There were tight shots taken of her sticking her fingers into her cunt and of several men helping themselves to a feel. Everything moved fast, and she did whatever they said without thinking. The lights were hot, so she was thirsty and kept drinking. She was getting a little tipsy.
Drew was not pleased with the way the crew humilitated Alice, but they were paying a lot of money that they needed, and Alice seemed OK with it. At least she hadn't complained.
The director called for Ron. They gave Alice a short heavy robe without a tie, so it kept falling open. It was so hot; she took it off and stayed naked. There's another girl nude on set. Someone told her that she was Ron's "fluffer". When Alice looked confused, they told her that she got Ron hard when he needed it. The woman looked like she'd been in the business for a while.
Drew had a drink, but they made them light. They wanted him to be sober, not sloppy drunk. He just needed to sit around watching but they wanted good reactions out of him.
Alice walked naked over to Drew to see how he was doing. He was not happy but said he could deal with it. She lied and told him that she wished he was the man in the video. She was dying to see her porn star.
Then Ron came out and dropped his robe. He yelled, "Can we get the A/C on? It's hot as hell in here." A fan turned on and Alice felt a cool breeze on her. Her nipples got hard. She was already turned on by the videos they took, playing with herself in front of the crew and having a lot of men finger her. When she saw Ron naked, she was thrilled. He wasn't hard yet, but he was still bigger than anyone she'd seen, even in porn videos. Ron's fluffer hovered around ready to work on him.
He saw Alice and said, "I don't think I'll need you if that's the bitch I'm fucking. Damn, she's hot."
Alice and Drew heard his comment along with other comments about what a hot bitch she was. It turned Alice on. She felt proud and excited to be the bitch he was going to fuck.
It pissed off Drew, but he knew he couldn't do anything about it.
The director called Alice over to introduce her to Ron. Ron had been staring at her from across the room, checking her out. When they met, he was sporting a massive erection. When she saw it, she was very, very glad he was the star and not Drew. She'd always wanted an extremely big cock to fill her, and Ron had the right equipment. She didn't think many cocks in the world were as big as his and wondered if it was inThe Guinness Book of World Records. He introduced his cock to her as "My Big Friend", and she giggled, and she introduced him to "My Little Pussy." Trying to calm any nerves, Ron said, "Don't worry we're going to have fun together. Do you want to touch it?" She reached down and gave it a stroke. It was heavy and hot and his balls were huge. She shivered with excitement.
After meeting Ron and seeing his cock, she was soaking wet. Between the short videos, the drinks, and touching his huge cock, she was ungodly horny. When the hell were they going to start? She went over by Drew while she waited for them to get ready.
Drew was ashamed that losing his job was the reason they were here and the reason his wife was going to be fucked by that giant cock. Drew kept staring at Ron's cock. It looked twice the size of his. He smelled Alice's arousal, and he slipped his arm around her, but she unconsciously pushed it away. Her mind was on something else.
Alice paid no attention to Drew. Her eyes were glued to Ron's cock. She thought she might start drooling. As she stared, she saw that in addition to his huge cock, he had a handsome face and the muscles of a bodybuilder.
The director had Alice and Drew sit next to each other on the bed, turned on the camera, and started asking them questions. Alice was naked and looked beautiful. Drew was in his daily clothes. The interview sounded like a pre-game sports interview.
"Alice, is this your first adult video?"
"Yes, it is."
"Are you planning on being in any more adult videos?"
"No, I don't. This will be my only video ever."
"Alice, what do you think of Ron? Has he got the right stuff?"
"First I want to say how honored that you're letting me, a normal woman, show other women what it's like to be fucked by a big porn-star cock, and ladies, he does have a big one. I can't believe it. It's enormous. You'll see in just a minute."
"It's bigger than any cock I've ever seen even in porn videos. It's going to be hard to get something that big in me. When he does get it in my pussy, he's going to stretch it so much. I can't wait to feel that. I hope it doesn't hurt too much but I've always wanted a huge cock like he has in me. He is so handsome too with all those muscles. They told me he could last a long time before coming. I hope I can keep count of my orgasms."
"Drew, are you looking forward to seeing him stuff the big cock into your wife's pussy, stretching it like never before? Do you think she'll like it?"
"It will be amazing if that fits in her. She's always loved sex with me."
"Drew, is he a lot bigger than you are?"
"Yeah, he's bigger."
"Do you think she'll shrink back to normal size after this and be satisfied by your small cock."
"We're in love and this won't change anything."
"Alice, are you looking forward to a man so big in your mouth."
"I've had some big cocks, but he's enormous. I hope my mouth will fit around it. It's something I've always dreamed of. I hope he makes me come over and over again."
"How deep can you take him down your throat?"
"I don't know but I want to take as much as I can."
"Well, good luck, and have a good fuck."
They ended the interview. Drew went back to his chair and Alice went over to the director.
The director told Alice how to lie on the bed and helped her get into position. His hands were all over her as he spread her legs and pinched her nipples to get them hard. They wanted more close-ups to edit in later.
The director said, "Hey you." He motioned to Drew. "Do you want to watch what I'm doing?" Drew walked over. "You're a lucky man to have a wife with a cunt this good-looking." Neither Alice nor Drew knew they were filming.
"You," he said to Alice. "Spread your legs wide so we can get a good look at your cunt." Several of the crew had gathered to watch.
"Damn, that's a nice pussy Alice. Look how wet she is," he said before he slid his finger inside her and then pulled it out. He put it in his mouth and said, "Tasty." The guys standing around laughed and nodded.
"Pull your legs up and spread your pussy lip." Alice didn't feel like she had much choice but also, she was getting off on people looking at and touching her pussy. Although she knew it was wrong at some level, she got off on the humiliation.
"Look how swollen her clit is. She must be ready to go." The director reached over and flicked her engorged clit. Emboldened by the director, the guys watching all took their turns touching her clit. "Go on, touch your wife's clit. Does it always get so big?" Drew stared then touched it.
"Pull your legs back farther so we can see your ass." She pulled her legs back until her knees were near her head." He licked his finger and rubbed her puckered asshole. The whole group followed suit; some even slipped their fingers inside her a little. "Go on, she's your wife." She looked at Drew and told him it was OK. Drew fingered her ass.
"Let me see you rub your clit, Honey." She put her fingers on her clit and started.
"Faster." He put his hand on her pussy and rubbed across it hard then smacked it. "Like that." The whole group had a good laugh except Drew.
Ron was ready.
"Hey, you, go sit down. We're starting." Drew went back to his chair.
The director said to Alice, "The first scene starts with you masturbating alone until you see Ron come in. Watch him and move your hands faster until he takes over." Then follow his lead. This is not scripted other than positions. Ron knows what to do. Just make the normal sounds you make when you fuck. If you need to exaggerate them, we'll tell you. We want you to look like a housewife and not a porn star. You look like a woman that likes to fuck." He pinched her nipples, surprising her. "We want these hard the whole time so pinch them a lot."
"I may give you directions as we're filming. Do what I say but don't look at me or talk to me. They can edit out my voice. I'll be just a voice in your head."
The director gave her some throat-numbing spray and said, "This will kill your gag reflex. You're going to need it," he chuckled.
Alice lay on the bed, legs spread, masturbating. Ron walked in naked and saw her playing with her pussy. He lay down next to her. She was pushing three fingers into her pussy and rubbing her clit as kissed her hard on the mouth and held her tits firmly.
"That's it, baby, fuck yourself. You look sexy," Ron said.
She pushed her fingers faster into her pussy. He pinched and pulled her nipple, and she moaned loudly. He bit her nipple. It hurt a little, but she writhed and moaned anyway, she wanted to look good on camera. There were at least two cameras on her, and one was moving around. Ron put his hand between her legs and touched her clit. She cried out at the sensation. The handheld camera was between her legs, and she knew that it showed how wet her pussy was.
"Here, let me take over for you, Darling," Ron said.
He slipped a finger inside her and then another. She rubbed her clit while he finger fucked her. He moved his fingers in and out slowly and then extremely fast. She heard squishing sounds from her sloppy wet pussy. She gripped the bed as he took control. He continued like that until she lifted her hip to try to get more, then he put his thumb on her clit, and she pushed against his hand making incoherent sounds. It didn't seem that acting would be necessary. She had her first orgasm.
He worked his way down her body until his head was between her legs in the "69" position. His cock touched her nipple. She rubbed his dripping precum on it. Ron pulled her on top and she grabbed his cock as he continued to lick her pussy.
She looked at Drew. He looked unhappy, but she didn't care right now. All she cared about was Ron's huge cock in her hand and she licked the full length of it. But Ron stole her concentration each time he licked her pussy. She stroked his cock and licked it when she could concentrate. The pleasure Ron was giving her robbed her of her rational thought. There was a camera right next to Drew shooting a close-up of her hand on Ron's cock and the look on her face as he licked her.
Ron concentrated on her clit. She looked at Drew and he saw lust and pleasure in her eyes. He'd never seen her look like that before. Ron must have been great; that's why he was a pro. Before long she screamed as her second orgasm hit her. She was looking straight at Drew, but he barely registered in her mind. Her brain was in a fog from what was happening between her legs. Her pleasure came in waves. She kept screaming as she continued to come.
As her foggy brain cleared, she started licking his cock in earnest. After what he had done for her, she wanted to give him the best blowjob possible. Better than she'd ever given anyone. The head was the biggest part, the size of a plum, and she barely got her mouth over it. She heard him moan, encouraging her to press on. He was enjoying what she was doing and that made her proud. Because of the throat spray, she took him much deeper than she'd ever taken anyone. If it were Drew, her nose would be pressed against his skin. With Ron, there was plenty still out.
The director said, "Make him cum and swallow it." She started moving faster, taking him as deep as she could. He thrust up towards her and slid even deeper into her. Her jaw ached as he came with a big groan. She swallowed as much as she could, but cum and spit leaked out the sides of her mouth. Wiping it off with her fingers, she sucked them clean. There was a camera taking a close-up. She glanced at her husband and saw that he was hard. She was having trouble remembering his name right now.
The director asked Ron if he needed his fluffer.
Ron smiled at Alice and said in his deep voice with a little country accent, "Can you be my fluffer and get me hard again Darling?" She nodded, flattered that he asked her. His smile and voice sent a shiver through her.
She knew what was coming next in the video. His huge cock was going in her pussy next, but she had to get him hard first. She licked all over his balls and licked his taint up to his balls. He started growing. "Lick my ass, sweetheart. I like that and stick your tongue in as far as it will go." She'd never done that before, but she didn't hesitate. He was large and in charge and that's what he wanted. She licked across his asshole, and he moaned.
"Stick your tongue in it, Honey." The tip of her tongue slid a half-inch up his ass and moved it in and out.
"Oh yeah, that's it. The faster you get me hard, the sooner I can fill your hot pussy with my cock. I'm looking forward to that."
That's what she wanted, too. He was almost ready. She got on top of him and ran her soaking pussy along his growing cock. Sliding further down, she squeezed his cock between her tits and rubbed him between them. His cock was covered with her juices and his remaining cum. She was able to lick his head as he slid between her tits. There was a guy taking close-ups of her constantly and it was a bit annoying. When she closed her eyes, she was able to ignore it, but she wanted to look at Ron. There was probably a camera on her ass too.
She sat on him backward and ran her pussy along his cock again. In this position, she reached between his legs and tease his ass with her hard, painted fingernails making him groan. She wet her finger with her pussy juice to get it slippery and pushed it up to her second knuckle into his ass. He gasped as she finger-fucked his ass.
"Come on baby get hard for me," Alice said. "I need your huge cock fucking me."
Alice was getting into this. She looked at the cameras and all the men on the set and knew that every man there, including Drew, wanted to fuck her right now but they only got to watch. She was going to put a show on for them. Every man in the room was hard and she loved all of them watching her.
Ron was plenty hard enough to fuck her now, but she was horny and having fun. She got off him and popped his cock in and out of her mouth as he moaned.
The director interrupted and said, "It's time for the first fucking scene."
Ron whispered to her, "That was the best fluffing I've ever had." His voice made her want to jump on the cock that she'd just made hard.
The director told her to lie on her back. Ron moved her up to the top of the bed and climbed between her legs with his monster cock hanging heavy beneath him. She couldn't wait; she was vibrating with anticipation and pushed her cunt towards him. Drew was watching as Ron's head touched her entrance with his plum-sized head. She groaned as he pushed that monster against her. God, he was big; she wasn't sure it would fit until she felt her entrance stretch and he popped in. He kept up a steady pressure and he continued sliding deeper into her. It didn't seem like he would ever reach his limit. She kept groaning. It hurt a little when he got to the depth where no man had been, but the pain was overwhelmed by the intense pleasure. With him completely inside her, she'd never felt so full. His cock rubbed against her cervix.
She didn't know if she could take something that big pounding in her. Her pussy spasmed around him, and she shivered in orgasm. She thought "If just sliding in made her orgasm, what would his pounding in and out do to her?"
She grabbed his ass and wrapped her legs around him holding him still. Her breathing was heavy. This wasn't acting, but later she'd tell Drew it was. She was overwhelmed by the feeling of his cock stretching her pussy and frightened by the thought of him ramming it into her over and over. Looking straight into Drew's face, her eyes filled with a look of shock, surprise, and pleasure. Drew's eyes were open wide. She had no idea what he was thinking, and at that moment, she didn't care. Her mind was completely occupied by the monster pressed against her cervix.
Ron fucked her slowly with short strokes at first and then started pounding into her with longer and longer strokes. It was getting easier for her each time. Her body was responding with the extra lubrication she needed. She constantly grunted as if the air was pushed out of her lungs by his cock. Nothing close to this size had ever been inside her. As her pussy stretched, she began to love the feeling of being totally filled with each stroke. Drew looked worried. She smiled at him as Ron fucked with such force that each trust forced her higher on the bed until her head was banging against the headboard.
Pulling her away from the headboard, he knelt between her legs, pulled them up over his shoulders, and continued thrusting. The angle had changed and now his cock rubbed her G-spot on every stroke. He slapped her tit hard enough to leave a handprint. She yelped but the pain excited her. Ron reached down and ground his thumb against her clit, and she screamed again as another orgasm hit her.
Ron picked her up by the hips, dragged her to the end of the bed, and turned her over onto her hands and knees. She felt empty with his cock not in her, but she knew he'd be back inside her soon and would go even deeper from behind.
In this position, Drew saw Ron's enormous weapon just before he slammed into her. His face registered shock each time Ron's cock disappeared into her cunt. Drew was dumbfounded and embarrassed. But watching Alice get fuck by that unimaginably big cock inexplicitly made him hard. Without being aware of it, he was rubbing his dick through his jeans.
The camera guys took closeups of her pussy distending as he pulled out of her before he plunged in again. A camera on Drew showed him pathetically rubbing his dick in his pants as he watched another man satisfying his wife. He was powerless to stop it.
Alice cried out in pleasure, "Yes!" repeatedly.
Ron was starting to lose control. She was turning him on. He was jackhammering into her as hard and fast. It felt like his cock was hitting her stomach. Air loudly shoved out of her lungs with every stroke. They shot close-ups of her tits swinging under her and the astonishment and pleasure on her face. She didn't need to make exaggerated faces for the people she imagined would be watching. Her reactions were real. She imagined the men and women staring at computer screens in amazement as he fucked her. Both the men and the women would be jealous.
She moaned, screamed, and yelled, "Fuck me harder with your big cock."
The Director said, "Spank her."
He whacked her on the ass.
He said, "Harder, I want to see a handprint."
She dropped down on her face to the bed and yelled "Yes, spank my ass hard and fuck me with your big cock." She looked at her husband as this stranger's giant cock was ramming into her and she was begging for more. Drew was rubbing his dick through his jeans. He was tiny compared to the massive member currently buried in her pussy.
Ron pulled her off the bed and stood her up against one of the bedposts. The smooth round wood nestled between her tits. She held herself up with her arms because her legs couldn't support her weight until, without any warning, he pushed into her from behind in one slow insistent stroke that went on forever. They both looked at Drew while Ron was pounding her. Her mouth needed something to do so she licked the post and moaned.
The director yelled, "Fuck her Ron. Fuck her hard and fast."
Ron looked at Drew silently mocking him as he fucked his wife. He fucked her so hard that her body moved higher on the post until her feet were off the floor. She slid up and down the post, her clit rubbing it while Ron mauled her tits.
The director yelled, "Cowgirl and reverse cowgirl."
Ron lay on the bed with his legs bent over the edge near Drew. Alice practically jumped onto his chest. She moved back and reached for Ron's cock, put it at her entrance, and slid down on it, moaning. It felt huge every time he slid into her. Drew had a closeup look at her pussy as Ron thrust up into her. The director wanted a shot of her husband's face as he watched her riding him.
She thought that she would have to act to be convincing to viewers. But her mind was so overwhelmed with pleasure she couldn't. She hoped they could see how good this was for her.
She bounced up and down on his staff. Drew saw Alice moving up impossibly high and never saw Ron's crown. Alice rocked her hips impaled on his pole and he pressed on her clit. She came again; hoarse from screaming but she couldn't stop.
She was getting tired. They smelled of sweat and sex. But she needed more.
She wondered how many times she'd come. How many times could she come? If she came again before her previous orgasm was over, did that count as coming once or twice?
She couldn't possibly keep count. Her mind was shattered and fragmented.
How many orgasms could a woman have before she melted into an overstimulated puddle of goo? She couldn't think through the fog of hormones.
Who counted these things? She needed to talk to them. Could she set a record? Would she be inThe Guinness Book of World Recordsright next to Ron's world record cock?
The director said, "Turn around on him." She turned around and once again filled herself with his manhood. She put her hands on his well-muscled thighs and her eyes closed in pleasure as she rode him. The mindless joy of orgasm washed over her again. Opening her eyes, she saw Drew in front of her. He watched her tits bouncing up and down as she caressed Ron's big hairy balls. There was concern, surprise, love, and envy in his eyes. She held out her hand and Drew grabbed onto it as Ron continued his assault on her well-used pussy.
Alice amazed Ron. If he pounded a porn actress like this, she'd take a lot of breaks and demand to use lots of lube. But Alice just kept going. She was always wet and ready for him. He'd never seen an actress who could take his cock for this long. Alice not only took it, but she also loved it. She came constantly and she wasn't acting.
The director shouted, "On her back throat-fuck." He handed her the throat-numbing spray which she used liberally.
Ron moved her so that her head hung off the side of the bed next to Drew. She looked at Drew upside down. Smiled, and said, "It won't be much longer." Then Ron's massive cock and balls were all that she saw. She'd seen this in porn videos, but she'd never done it. It looked scary and uncomfortable but right now she wanted to do everything.
Ron said, "Keep your throat straight and relaxed, Darling." There was not much for her to do other than lie there. Ron put his cock into her mouth, pushing in until she felt it enter her throat. It was impossible to breathe when he was fully in. He just held her head still and plowed into her throat. His big balls hung in front of her eyes, so she had to close her eyes to avoid his balls smacking into them as he pushed in. She needed to remember to breathe when he pulled back. After a few strokes, saliva poured out of her mouth and onto her face. She needed to remain calm but that was not easy when a thick ten-inch cock was down her throat.
The roving camera guys made Drew stand up while he got a shot from the side. Drew saw Ron's thick ten-inch cock go in Alice and bulge in her throat, and he was visibly upset. A big guy nearby told him to sit down after the cameraman got the shot.
Alice thought she was going to pass out from lack of air as Ron used her until he was ready to come. He pulled out and shot his cum all over her tits. Alice rubbed it on her tits, neck, and face as she gasped for air. Ron said, "You see that wasn't so bad," and chuckled. She tried to wipe the spit and cum off her face. Her face was a mess of spit, cum, and smeared makeup.
The director said, "Damn. We forgot the anal. Ron, can you get it up again?" The fluffer came over and worked to get him hard.
Drew asserted himself, stood up, and yelled, "She won't do that. She doesn't do that with me." A big guy stood near Drew in case he got out of control.
The director said, "It's in the contract you signed, didn't you read it? Without that, the film won't be finished, and we can only pay you half. The title of the video is 'Real Amateur Takes Porn Star in All Three Holes.'"
"But she's never done anal."
"She's an anal virgin? We'd pay more for that," Matt chimed in.
Alice said, "I'll do it for extra money."
Drew yelled, "No way!"
Matt said, "We'll give you an extra $300."
She said, "My anal cherry is worth $1000, and you know it."
Matt said, "$600. We could get a body double in here to do it and cut it in."
"OK. $600 but you have to use a lot of lube and be gentle, Ron."
"You got it, Darling."
The director said, "Get on all fours and spread your cheeks so we can see that asshole just begging to be fucked." He licked his finger and rubbed it on her asshole. "Nice."
"Look at the camera and say that your ass is virgin."
She stared at the camera and whispered, "Ron's so good, I've decided to give him my anal cherry. I hope my ass will stretch that much."
"Perfect," the director said. One of the crew put a big realistic dildo on the bed.
When they started shooting again, Ron rubbed lube on her puckered ass and shove first one, then two, then three fingers up her ass massaging her, stretching her out, and adding more lube. He rubbed lube on his cock. She knelt on the bed with her face on a pillow. She looked at Drew then reached back to pull her cheeks apart, ready for Ron to shove his big cock up her ass.
The cameraman made Drew move to get video of her face. Another camera was on her asshole and Ron's cock. Drew had an excellent view of the production. He was angry but powerless to prevent this from happening.
Ron pushed against her asshole with constant pressure. Alice didn't think it was going to go in until she felt a sharp pain as his head popped inside. She began to wonder if this had been a good decision. The pain subsided as he waited for her to relax. He put more lube on his shaft and pushed another inch inside. It hurt but it was bearable for Alice. Her face showed Drew her surprise and pain.
He was going into her more easily now since the head was the thickest part of his cock. He kept adding more lube and pushed in and out a few times going a little deeper each time and she started to relax. In a couple of minutes, she felt his hips press against her cheeks and she smiled. His whole giant cock was inside her. He moved in and out slowly and the pain lessened each time until it began to feel good. Just as she was adjusting to the feeling of a cock in her ass, she felt something cold touch her pussy.
"What is that?"
"A big soft lubed-up dildo."
Her eyes went wide, and she moaned as Ron slipped the dildo inside her. The dildo felt as big as Ron's cock in her. Both her pussy and her ass were stuffed. She'd never been this full and the feeling was scary and amazing.
"You can move faster now," she whimpered to Ron.
As Ron pushed in and out of her ass, she felt the dildo rubbing against his cock inside her and it drove her wild. Another big orgasm was coming.
He picked up his pace, leaving the dildo inside her and she came with a scream. A scream was always on her lips now as she was coming constantly. She pushed hard against Ron. Her ass was so tight, Ron lost control of himself and came again, his cock pulsing inside her ass.
Ron pulled the dildo and then his shrinking cock out of her. Alice felt empty.
She curled up on the bed still spasming from her orgasm. The cameraman shot a close-up of her gaping holes leaking cum.
The director yelled, "CUT! That's a wrap." And everyone clapped - except Drew.
Drew went to her and said, "Are you OK?"
"Yes, I'm tired and sore but I'm OK. It's over now Drew. Thank you for letting me do this." She kissed him. He tasted Ron's cum in her mouth.
Alice got up, stubbled over to Ron, kissed him, and said, "Thank you."
"No, thank you, Alice. You were great and a hell of a woman."
Drew helped her over to the side of the bed for the "after-interview". While waiting to start, she overheard the director talking about the next shoot. It was a gangbang video, one woman and five porn stars. As tired and sore as she was, she wondered what it would be like to do five Ron-sized cocks. Were there five Ron-sized cocks? As sore as she was, she wasn't sure she could take that. But she did have an idea of what it felt like with a cock in her ass and one in her pussy. But today, one of them didn't move. She might have to explore that further someday.
The director called Alice and Drew over and had them sit next to each other just like before. He turned on the camera and started asking them questions. Alice was still naked, and Drew was in clothes. This time, Alice didn't look as beautiful. Her makeup was smeared all over her face, mixed with Ron's cum, sweat, and saliva. Big clumps of her hair were either stuck together or stuck to her face. Some with sweat and some with Ron's cum.
Cum and sweat covered her body, and she smelled like a bed after sex in a cheap motel. Her pussy gaped open in front so much that she couldn't keep her legs closed. Ron's cum, mixed with her juices was running out of her cunt. Her ass hurt so she had difficulty sitting and cum was dripping out of her ass too. She hurt all over. Her pussy hurt, her ass, her throat, her jaw. The throat-numbing spray was wearing off and it hurt to talk. How could he have so much cum?
The director said in a cheery voice, "Well Alice, did you have a good time?"
"Yes, it was wonderful." She coughed trying to clear her sore throat. "I can't wait to see the video."
"What do you think of Ron now?"
"His cock is as big as they come, but he fit in me. It stretched my pussy so much, I'm not sure I can walk out of here without help. He lasted longer than I thought humanly possible before coming, but he still got it up again. I lost count of my orgasms."
"When was your first orgasm?"
"When he first touched my pussy. I was already on edge from masturbating and thinking about his enormous cock and when he touched me, I just went off."
"How do you think Drew liked seeing you stretched and fucked like that?"
"I don't think he loved it, but he'll be OK."
"Drew, did you think your wife would be able to swallow a cock that big?"
"No." Drew was sullen and not in the mood to talk. He wanted to leave and never think about this again. Deep down he knew that Alice was excited to think about this for a long time.
"What was it like to see that huge cock stretch your wife's pussy like that? Do you think she liked it?"
"I don't know. You'd have to ask her."
"Did it make you hard watching him pound her? I saw you rubbing your dick through your jeans. Did you come? It would have been OK for you to take it out. Or would you have been embarrassed?"
"Fuck off."
"Do you think you'll be able to touch the walls of her pussy now?" There was laughter around from the crew.
"Yes."
"Do you think your wife will like fucking you again?"
"Yes. We're in love and this won't change anything."
"You don't think she'll want to find someone with a really big cock for some fun now and then?"
"No."
"I like your confidence. Were you jealous that he took her anal cherry?"
"Yes."
"Alice did you think you'd ever fuck a man so big."
"No. I didn't know therewerecocks that big. And my god he was hard. His cock was like a steel rod."
"He took your anal cherry too. How did that feel?"
"It hurt a little at first but after a few minutes, it felt great. And after he shoved that dildo in me...I'd never felt so full."
"If you had it to do over again, would you?"
"Yes. In a minute."
"Really?"
"I think all women should have a really big cock up in them at least once. All you girlfriends and wives out there, find a big dick and have him stretch you out. But it's not just the size of his equipment, he needs to last a long time, too. You won't regret it. Get your men to watch too. All you guys out there, you know she's craving a big cock. It would be better for you to be there than have her find one on her own."
"I'll be sore for a few days, but it was worth it. I couldn't do that every day, but every woman should do it once." She called Drew over, "How'd you like seeing him fuck me? How about him fucking my ass? I liked it. Now that I know I like it, you can fuck my ass too. We can get some of that spray and I can take your cock down my throat easily now. We'll have to wait a few days though,"
"Do you think Drew's too small for you now?"
"Drew's size is fine and we'll be OK."
"Drew, do have any friends with big cocks that might want to fuck your wife after they see this video?"
"Everyone wants to fuck her. She's a gorgeous woman but she's my wife."
"That's right Drew, Alice is a hot piece of ass. I'd like to fuck her. Hell, everyone in this room would like to fuck her."
"Alice, would you like to fuck Drew and a few of his friends? You seem to have a big appetite."
"That might be fun. What do you think Drew?" He didn't answer.
After the interview, the producer handed them their money and added fifty dollars for a cab. "You were expensive Alice, but I think everyone will want to see the video."
"Thanks," she said.
The director took her aside, handed her his card, and said, "I could get you more work if you'd like. Or call and we can get together with some others and have a party. You could even bring Doug if you want. I'm sure we could find someone for him."
"Drew, his name is Drew."
As she was cleaning up, they interviewed Ron. Drew overheard them.
"How was she, Ron?"
"Fabulous. That's the best time I've had on set ever. I can't believe her husband would let me fuck her like that. If she was my wife, no one else would touch her."
Drew hated hearing that. If he hadn't lost his job, Alice wouldn't have had to do this.
"Was she better than a female porn star?"
"Head and shoulders better. It didn't feel like she was just doing her job. She enjoyed herself."
"Could she have just been acting?"
"No one can act that well. I've done hundreds of video shoots, and she wasn't acting. She craves sex and big cocks. I've never seen any woman come that much. She's an extraordinary fuck."
"This video is aimed at women. Do you think they'll want to go out and find a man with a porn-star cock?"
"Once they see how much she liked it, I can't believe they wouldn't want the same thing."
"Would you like to do this kind of video again?"
"Sure, but only with a woman like Alice. She was so genuine. If you could find more women like her, I'd love to. Her husband Greg is a lucky man."
"His name is Drew."
"Whatever. He's a lucky man."
Author's postscript: I hope you liked this story. It was fun to write. As usual, please scroll down a few lines and vote and/or comment. You don't need to be a member to vote/comment.