Everyone having sex is at least 18. This is a work of fiction. I made it all up. This story more so than most of my writing is proof that I write fiction. That means that no, I am not in the Army, I don't live in Canada, I have never been on a dog sled, and this story will most likely never happen. It is a heck of a story, so check reality at the door and enjoy it for what it is.
Warning: this is a self-edited story. I do use Grammarly to help reduce my ability to murder the English language. Special thanks to goducks1 for his help.
*****
Chapter 31 - The General Visits
2 weeks later ...
Kim is all smiles, Barry is doing much better and is being released from the hospital today. He will be resuming command. Tom is going home but is leaving behind several key people to assist Barry with his command. Barry is still sore and weak. I would do anything to help, but they need a bureaucrat to fill out forms, and I clearly do not fill out forms. They still giggle about that.
I have not been needed for a long time now. They feel like I help Barry out though. I think it's much more likely he enjoys seeing Penny, Kim, and Mary. I can't say I disagree with him. The girls are ready to go home. The living conditions here are far from what we have at home. We reside in a beautiful house, but Penny has brought a new level of luxury to the home, and everyone appreciates it.
I have been working with my team a lot. They have been busy rounding up the few strays that are still trying to hide. They are all almost as good as me. I am still the best at planning and preparing them for what can go wrong. It's amazing at how often one of the situations we discuss comes up. They know exactly what to do. With three of them, they are sent out both individually and as teams. The extra dogs are helping as each seems better at something.
Before we leave, Tom takes me aside into the newly remodeled conference room, and we have a talk.
Tom says to me confidently, "As of this moment, you're now a Major. Congratulations." I am in shock, that is like five levels up. "They tell me I'm not allowed to do it; you can only move one level at a time." He smiles at me. "I filled out five forms and signed off on each." We both chuckle at the amazing way bureaucracy works. "I also promoted Phil. He's a good man and will be taking over for you. My smile is gone. "I am reassigning you to a new position. A position that allows you to work from home. Your #1 goal is to create more soldiers, man or woman, I don't care which. I do know that they will be the best shots in my command. If they want, they are guaranteed an officer level position sight unseen.
"#2, I also want every dog you deem worthy for service. $5000 a dog. Keep in mind, I am supplying my friend in America now. He too has expanded his program. I want extra dogs just in case we lose some. #3, I want to buy guns from you." I look at him with an odd expression. Tom laughs, "How in the hell do your wives end up with the most advanced rifle on earth, and it's sporting a barrel they don't sell?"
I laugh hard, "You know about the agents that came out to see me about the Dimitri situation. Well, I helped one of their wives and two rifles show up a week later for my wives'. They each had many kills. You can tell when a body is hit with a .50 caliber round. We don't know what the split was, but the body count was astounding. There were only two misses based on ammo used and bodies found."
Tom continues, "#4, I want you to create a layman's guide to crisis management. The more we look, the more we love how you divided power and got things done. Nobody has time to read a damn book in a crisis. However, that means doing seminars to teach it. I want you doing six classes a year. If it's ok, we'll build a building for teaching the course on your property. Then we'll rent rooms from you to house and feed the soldiers. I think twenty at a time should be about right. You are writing the manual by the way.
"Finally, #5, either your American General friend George or I will be sending you special people every so often to have a session like both Lieutenants (husband and wife) did with you. They say it helped a ton. I can't send everyone your way, but we each have special people we know, and I think you being you can help them out. I know you don't charge but if there are any expenses, bill me personally. That's the type of people I will be sending to you, people like yourself, people that made a difference."
I sit stunned. Wow. What do you say to that?
Tom looks me in the eye, "You walked away from your last mission without leaking blood, without being carried out, and did an outstanding job of getting it all done. I would say that's a fine way to end your active duty. They'll never call on you again, you have given enough. Now, I have a favor to ask of you." Oh? "Those three women of yours were awesome. However, I can't promote them. I asked my wife what I should do. If I have your permission, I would like you to go home and rest while I take your women to Montreal where my wife and I will go on a three-day shopping spree with them. Your team and my two security specialists will protect us."
I laugh at him, "Go for it, they will love every moment."
Tom is more serious now, "A lot of good people here got injured and still did extraordinary work. I want to reward them. When I started asking around, most would like to spend a week on one of your hunting or fishing trips. Some have families and the horseback tours and a week by the lake sound relaxing. Some just want to spend quality time in your cottages. They are rumored to be awesome."
I explain, "Penny spared no expense on linens and decorating. When our lodge was being remodeled, we spent time in them. Each cottage is five-star quality all the way. Mom, Penny, and Mary can book all trips. If needed, I can hire more guides and, in a pinch, dad and I can lead a group. I'm already in debt to Barry for one week. I owe him a dog as well."
Tom grins, "Yeahhhh, about that. If you ever have a dog, or two, left over. I sure would love one for my wife and me. The idea of an extra level of protection is very appealing."
I knowingly smile, "I know exactly what you mean."
+++++
Fast forward a year.
Life is very hectic; the base keeps the lodge full. We've even had to hire extra guides. If the army isn't paying for it, the people are. The horses are a huge hit. We get a whole new type of customer, families. We have three airplanes now and a boat to bring in our supplies. Using the horses for hauling the supplies was a brilliant idea. We get two containers at a time. It's truly amazing at the amount of food we go through. Kim is kept busy in the clinic and has hired a nurse.
The parents are less involved with the business and more involved with Daniel, Penny's son, James and Peggy, Mary's twins, and Chris, Kim's daughter. With being less than three months apart, it's a lot of crying babies. All the moms are tired and worn out. Penny's son is sleeping through the night, the others are close. The business is bustling during the day and then being mommies at night, they need a break.
I call Barry. I explained my problem. He told me not to worry about it, he will arrange something and soon. Both sets of parents have been awesome. However, they are all older, and four babies is a lot of work. Then making lunch and dinner. They are all worn out. In the real world, you get by because you don't have a choice. I have resources and a ton of favors. I think it was an impressive use of a favor.
I have had no sex in about four months. I hope that this will spur some change. Soon!
+++++
A week later an older woman, probably in her sixties, is dropped off to see me. She is stunning, nearly six feet tall with long platinum blond hair. Breasts on the smaller side but they are perky still. That's impressive. She is called Dora and won't tell me her last name. All I know is that she never saw combat, but her husband has. She wants to understand more since he won't talk about it. Apparently, it's driving a wedge between them in their marriage.
I take her out hunting. She has never shot a rifle before. Second day out, she has a shot lined up with three elk. She can't take the shot, she can't kill the mother. I suspected as much.
I explain to Dora, "Now imagine that elk has an AK-47 pointed at you and me. Could you kill it then? If not, we both die. That's what your husband lives with. He was forced to take that shot, or you'd never have met him. He's dead because he couldn't do what I just asked you to do. Now imagine four years or more of having to make that decision and then seeing the results of your work. Imagine a hole through that beautiful animal and knowing you're responsible.
"It's two years later, and you are sitting up in bed at night. You can clearly remember the face of the person when you did pull the trigger. You can see the surprise or anguish on their face as they realize their fate. You can't understand the horrors your husband has faced. The death he has seen and caused. Now imagine that elk we saw had an AK-47, saw us first, and he killed me. I am dead, next to you. You are pinned down and can't move. It's hours before my body can be removed. How hard do you think it is to forget?"
Dora starts crying. She reaches out to me for a hug.
I apologize, "I am sorry for doing that to you. You are lucky, that's as close as you'll ever get."
She realizes her gun isn't safe. She quickly turns on the safety and removes the round.
I smile at her, "It's ok. Those are blanks. They make noise but no bullet. There was no need to kill the mother, I just wanted you to feel the emotion. You've never used a rifle before, you don't get live ammo."
Dora laughs hard, "Thanks' for your confidence. Did I pass your test?"
I ask Dora, "What do you think?"
Dora smiles at me, "Let's go back, I would much rather spend the rest of the week in one of those cabins of yours and cooking for your family. I saw the condition of your family, they need you."
I laugh at her, "Funny, I was enjoying the peace and quiet of the forest. No diapers and no babies to feed."
Dora laughs at me, "Yeah, but no breasts to relieve either."
That is something that I do love. Before the babes were born, we had three sets of sore breasts that needed to be relieved, and sucking was the answer. I have sucked enough breasts that I need a break. At first, it was awesome, but with three sets, I couldn't keep them happy.
At the end of the week, a helicopter comes to pick her up. However, she doesn't get on the helicopter, she helps people get off. Tom, the Canadian General, his two cute security guards, Barry, General George McMichael, my American friend, and his wife, DeeDee.
I notice that Dora and DeeDee are close, they hug and kiss each other and Tom hugs and kisses Dora. I have been set up. Six more women get off the helicopter. These are young women, probably thirties and forties yet they are in uniform. Two stand out and rush me.
Karen from the hospital is first. She practically jumps into my arms and gives me a big kiss. Second is Patty, Greg's wife from Alaska. I look and all the women look familiar, I think they were at my wedding. I have been ambushed by my own country. There is a chilly wind out, we all go inside. Mom and Connie have several bottles of wine and hors d'oeuvres on platters. Shit, my own family is in on this.
Four women including Karen and Patty take the children to the nursery and playroom. Two have already been trained to handle our computer system for reservations and bookings. They are taking over for the week so we can all have fun.
Both generals and Barry are laughing at me as my mouth hangs open. A pair of large breasts push into my back, and I feel a kiss on my neck.
Penny whispers into my ear, "You have no idea what you set in motion when you asked for help. You touched everyone's heart. Not for yourself, but for us. Dora's needs were real, that was her idea. Everyone has been working feverishly to make this work no matter what it took. More wives and an executive chef are coming to help with the children and the cooking. Kim, Mary, me, and your mothers are all banned from doing any work.
"For Karen and several of the others, they've not held an infant in years, and nothing was going to stop them from helping. Your mother spent hours in the video conference room training four women to handle bookings. A pediatrician and gynecologist will stop by to examine the mothers and children. We have a week free with your friends and their wives. Thank you. You have no idea what this means to us."
I feel tears falling on my back. I can't do anything because Kim is crying and running at me from the front.
Kim whispers in my ear, "Wow when you call in reinforcements, you get two generals and a base commander. That's not too bad. Have I ever told you that I love you? I do. All of us needed this, including you."
Penny adds, "She is right. Tomorrow we start our adventure."
I am released. I wonder what they have in mind. Probably not what I thought as strangers will be here. Oh well. At least they will be happy.
My parents played some old 80's music through the night while everyone drank wine and ate little finger food. More wives showed up later, and the helicopter stayed because of the VIP's. We had quite the group there. They took turns looking after the babies, and they were on restricted wine consumption duty. They didn't mind, they got to hold babies. You could see the gleam in their eyes, they loved it. For me, it's not so special anymore as holding babies leads to changing diapers.
Barry takes me into our video conference room, and we sit down. Soon, the two generals follow us in.
Barry says to me in a somewhat proud way, "How did you get so smart? You just seem to always know what to do. I have been here a few hours, and I can see the difference in Penny, Mary, and Kim. Your mother looks weary. Asking for help was an awesome thing to do. That was the perfect decision."
Tom picks up the conversation, "Everything you suspected about the defunct Major was true. He was selling secrets for years. He was working with the drug smugglers and had Intel and several others on his payroll. You were a marked man. He had a grudge against you and Barry which almost cost Barry his life. Had you and your wives not arrived when you did, his seat would be empty now."
Wow, that hit home.
Barry continues, "We three have become good friends because of you. You have no idea how odd it was to get a call from America and hear him sell me on the idea of trading two men for a year or so. He told me I was getting the better deal out of it. Damn glad I didn't hang up on him. All three of us share information much more freely now, and I think it's helped, everyone."
George adds, "When he first sold me on the idea, I thought he was nuts. However, within two days we had a pilot go down in a questionable area. He found him, dragged him to a safe spot, and was removed. That was Greg, the first man on his rifle. I sent him on several more rescues, and each time he did amazing things. I had no idea he was taking his own dog with him. The first time Brian got shot, we had a problem. What do you do with a killer dog that protects his master and won't leave him? We let him do whatever he wanted, and it worked out well. That is one loyal dog."
Barry continues, "The Operations Center was recorded. It took them a long time to catch every word and figure out how you three worked together. It was simply amazing to hear how those women were masters at taking in data, evaluating it, and making sure you made the critical decisions. That was groundbreaking for crisis management. You saw the big picture, and they handled the minor things. Together, everything worked efficiently. You had time to think about organizing the cleanup and prepare for prisoners long before you had a problem."
Tom adds, "We didn't understand your problem and the manual didn't have a section for bases being attacked and the commanders being killed. You made me see the light and the shortfalls in our system. Hundreds of men including everyone in Ops owes you their life."
Barry takes my hand, "I obviously have a lot to thank you for. Countless others do as well. I don't tell you this because I owe you my life, I do it because we're going to have a nice week and I want you to understand that everything we do is because we owe you and we all love you and your family. So, accept our time, generosity, and the love we give you because you and your family truly deserve it. I don't want to hear you complaining that we're doing too much or are taking too much of our time."
George adds, "We truly are here for you and your family. This is from our hearts. We had many volunteers once word got out. We had to turn people down, so many people wanted to help. Every woman with your children is a nurse, has a family and it's been a while since they have held an infant. Trust me, this is no great feat for them, they are all loving this."
Tom is serious now, "Because of the nature of this party and who we are, the CIA has offered some extraordinary people that make a living out of not being seen and protecting people. If you just happen to see one, please don't shoot him. They will approach your dogs' so they learn that they are friendly. I just want to warn you, so you don't kill a friendly. I know you're known for being protective. With those three, I would be too."
+++++
The next day is a ride on the "bus" to the stables. Kim, Mary, and I have no issues, we are experienced now. For everyone else, it's an adventure. Generals are used to Jeeps, not live animals. They are smart, they adapt. The first night, we have a spectacular setting sun while sitting atop the hill overlooking the lake. Several bottles of wine cap off a perfect night. Barry shared the night with Tom's security detail, the two good looking women. It was an unusually quiet night, far from the last time we were here.
I am stunned when Penny takes us to the hot springs. Not at all where I expected us to go. The guide sets up some clothes hanging stands and then a small table with a stack of blankets. He then rides off.
Dara says, "That looks like a hot spring. That sure would ease all the aches and pains in my old body."
DeeDee purrs and says, "Who is going to be first?"
I see Barry urging on the two security girls, but they resist. Swell, I guess I get to go first again. It's one thing to do this in front of the family, a whole different thing in front of friends. I slip my shirt over my head. My chest is now on display. Both wives and the two security women are now straining for a better view. I turn around and unzip my jeans.
Penny calls out, "Are we shy? These are friends."
Penny reaches for my arm and turns me around. She is on her knees and helps me unbutton and then slowly pulls down my pants. I can feel her warm breath on my stomach. She is exciting me and embarrassing me. She whips off her shirt, up and over her head and tosses it aside. The three men are staring at her now. She reaches behind and undoes the latches on her breasts. They are stunning and perfect, just as I remember, only they are significantly larger.
My erection turns hard in my boxers, and it's evident to all that she has turned me hard. The women gasp at seeing me. I finish taking off my boxers with Penny assisting. I step out, and Barry says, "Wow!"
The two security women take a step closer before Kim says, "Wait a minute you two. I don't care who you work for. That's our man."
They ignore the warning because they want Penny. Each takes a nipple in the mouth and sucks, tasting her mother's milk. Penny shudders and lets out a moan. She then blushes and giggles as the feeling is divine. Her back arches as I feed her my cock. She gags before relaxing and swallowing my entire meat stick, a feat she has never performed before. Very few have.
Kim and Mary already have their blouses off and are removing their bras. The rest of the group soon follows stripping until they are naked. Penny stands up, shucks off her clothes into a pile and quickly is on her back. She is in rare form, she is horny and in need of a fucking.
Penny has been faithful to her warnings, she doesn't need or desire much sex. Since having our child, she hasn't had any. That's why she brought us here. No doubt the wives all knew. You don't bring them out here without them knowing this was going to happen. I could smell pussy all day, I just thought it was Penny, Kim, and Mary. I had no idea the two wives, and security women would also be turned on.
The security girls finish stripping. Their bodies are porn star quality. Fake boobs, tight skin, tall, and sexy as hell with their long brunette hair tied up in ponytails. They are a step up from Mary but below Kim and Penny. They are both athletic and have good muscle tone. I have no doubt they could kill me in a matter of seconds if motivated. They radiate sex, I am positive Tom is tapping both at will. I wonder if he will stay exclusive with Dora this week.
Penny is on her back and between my legs. Kim sits at her side while Mary is on the opposite side. Each takes a hand and begins to lightly play with one of Penny's nipples, causing it to leak milk. They take turns kissing Penny. George is on his back with DeeDee pounding his slightly above average cock. Tom has his wife Dora in doggie and is pounding her aggressively with his average cock. He is a heavier man and is soon laboring hard. His wife is smiling while watching me.
Barry hit a home run. He is slightly bigger than the general girth wise. He is on his back, mounted cowgirl by one of the women while he is eating the other's pussy. By the sounds of it, he is terrific. I am fucking Penny much faster than I usually would but far slower than the other men are fucking their women. As they look at the others, they notice that I am going much slower than they are. They all slow down as well.
Almost in unison, the wives and girls yell out some form of "Oh Yeah!"
I lasted thirty minutes, Penny only lasted about ten minutes each time. Poor Penny is exhausted by the third orgasm. She seems embarrassed to have orgasmed three times. She has tears in her eyes, and she attempts to thank us. How funny, I get to fuck her awesome pussy and body, and she is thanking us. Mary and Kim are moved to tears as well and spend more time kissing her.
As each team finishes, they slip into the hot spring. Each woman is affected by the water and moans.
Penny giggles and explains, "Your pussy is raw, yet the hot spring tickles your cunt, right?"
She got in response several "Un huh."
In each case, the husband or Barry is behind their mates and gently massaging their breasts and body. As Penny is nearing another orgasm, Kim and Mary get up and join the others in the hot spring. They hug and kiss each other while running their hands over the opposite body.
I move to my fastest speed. Penny is loudly moaning and saying, "So good. So good."
I feel my toes curling. I am close to shooting my load. I want to hold until she goes again. She better orgasm soon, or I will beat her to the end.
Penny screams out, "Oh yes, you fuck me sooooo good. GIVE ME YOUR CUM! I want it now! Fill up my womb again." She then purrs like a kitten forcing me to explode inside of her vagina.
Months of frustration have been released. I use exaggerated body movements to show me shooting each rope in Penny. As the first rope of warm cum hits her pussy walls, she orgasms again. This one is crushing, she clamps down on my cock so hard, I have a hard time shooting my load. She has the goofiest face I have ever seen on her. She is happy and exhausted. I pick her up and carry her almost limp body into the hot springs.
Penny shrieks with the hot water and then purrs as she relaxes. I massage her entire body, only leaving her sore slit untouched. I can tell the warm water is relaxing her, the smile is too big.
Penny giggles as she says, "I have been here over a hundred times, and the effect is always the same. It tickles my pussy causing it to tingle."
Dora explodes, "Fuck, I thought it was just me."
DeeDee is relaxed as she sultry says, "Oh no girl, it's having quite the effect on me as well."
Mary pushes Penny aside, which is very unlike her. She strokes my hard cock a few times and impales herself on my cock. Her body motions in the water along with her grunting on each thrust telegraph her actions to the entire hot spring. Mary doesn't care. Again, this is unusual, she is typically the shy one. She has a need today, and she wants it addressed right now.
This isn't a passionate fuck. This is a need for being satisfied. Soon she will want to be loved. Penny took her time today, so this is Mary backing off and taking a quick one. They agreed long ago to not endanger my health. I go as fast as the water allows. Mary is riding high, and her breasts are sticking out of the water. Barry loses his hand warmers. They both come behind Mary.
One reaches around from behind and massages her breasts, paying particular attention to her nipples. The second security officer comes to her side and kisses Mary softly followed by kissing her neck and nibbling on her ear. Her hand comes down under the water and glides along my cock as it pounds Mary. I feel her curl a finger inside of Mary and slowly run it along her clit. It's not long, and Mary blasts off to the moon. She falls forward into my arms.
The two security women go back to Barry, and he resumes his fun exploring their bodies. They go back to enjoying their treatment.
Dora is first to ask, "Must we leave this place? It's stunning, the views are breathtaking, you all are beautiful, and the floor shows are amazing."
All the women giggle, but Penny explains, "This trip's a bit different. I typically have more beautiful views on this trip. However, I've been informed we're having lunch at the lodge, and then we're off to pick out some dogs. They will pick you out and then we'll spend the afternoon training. They're fully trained, it's you that need to be trained."
Everyone gave a good laugh. That part will be boring for me. I no longer need a dog, and when I go hunting, I am still allowed to use Rocky.
Mary continues explaining, "I can train the dog to point at threats, detect traps, bombs, and drugs. However, if the owner ignores the warnings, you have wasted my time and a dog's life. You need to be keenly aware of changes in the dog's behavior, it could save your life. Every one of these dogs grew up being trained. They love learning and love treats. For them, it was fun, they saw it as playing.
"For me, everything was calculated. The play resembled a trait I wanted to teach. In a pinch, every one of the dogs is also a sled dog, and each would be a great point. It's funny, the training to make a good working dog also translated well into making smart lead dogs. They grew up in pairs, so they are also used to being next to a dog, and they naturally look for danger.
"These dogs, as Barry predicted, will all be better trained than Rocky. However, Rocky will always be the best. Why? He had the best master. When I worked with the Navy Seals and Brian's team, I saw how they think tactically. When I see and hear Brain's stories, he is always a step ahead and anticipates things better. He is more prepared and rarely is surprised, so Rocky is as well.
"Think about it. Kim and Penny have their rifles, he has his backpack, and we have two dogs. Without thinking he came prepared for trouble. Then at the Ops Center, he showed his true colors and love for us by delegating responsibility to each of the women he loves, so we each did what we do best. He's an excellent fuck as well."
Nobody laughed harder than Mary.
Tom is next to speak, "I really have to hand it to you two, to allow a soldier to tell you what he is going to do and to have the foresight to see enough potential that you allow him. Then to let him flourish and expand his team. That takes a lot of guts and a great eye to match talent with skills. I am very proud of you two."
Penny announces, "I can tell by the sun that our horses will be back soon. I'm getting out before I turn into a prune."
Everyone reluctantly follows, but I am sure that they, like me, love the view of Penny getting out.
+++++
Back at the lodge, an executive chef is preparing a meal for everyone. He has two assistants. I look closer, and I recognize the chef from TV. No shit. As we show up, so do the babies. Everyone sits down in the living room. We have added two new couches to handle the larger crowds. There is plenty of seating now. Karen is the happiest of all the moms that are watching our children.
I give her a hug, and she is now crying.
Karen is emotional, "After seeing so much death and blood, it's so awesome to see new life. Vulnerable, innocent, and so beautiful. I won't say I am enjoying the diapers, but everything else is magical. Thank you, Brian."
We are interrupted by the dogs barking. Penny is the first to go out to greet our unexpected guest or is it guests? A single older gentleman with short black and grey speckled hair in a flannel shirt and a pair of jeans in hiking boots steps off the Canadian military helicopter. He is the only one to leave although there are others in the aircraft and even though it's hard to tell, I would guess they are bound and gagged. The dogs are not happy and stay looking at the helicopter.
Penny walks up to the man, salutes him in the Russian fashion and then warmly greets him in Russian. She takes the man's hand and guides him straight to me although everyone is nearby and watching intently. The man speaks in Russian, I can't understand a word.
Penny giggles as she says, "The general expected you to be much taller." This is an old joke by now, yet everyone giggles. "Brian, this is General Andre Smirnov. Andre's the man that sent the info about the assassin to your American friend. He's here to get a dog if you don't mind and he has a special payment in mind."
The general shouts something in Russian and two large soldiers exit the helicopter. They each put an older, probably about fifty, smoking hot, even for their age, woman over their shoulder and brought them to us. I have never seen these women before. Why are they here?
Once in front of us, they are cut free, giving them the use of their hands and legs, but the gags stay in the mouths. When the women try to remove them, he shouts "No." Both dogs are growling now. They don't like this, and as much as I appreciate what this guy has done for us, I don't like how he is treating these women.
Andre now speaks perfect English, "When people come to my country, we research them. We found these two taking a trip to St. Petersburg. They are merely tourists seeing the various sites to see. Nothing unusual. They are sisters, single, and their only relation is a dead sister. Their sister, her husband, and their daughter died in a London fire, about fifteen years ago.
Could they be relatives? Penny never mentioned them? Penny is a heat-seeking missile. She runs to and jumps at the two women, crushing them in a hug. The general removes their gags.
Andre continues, "Their government wanted a child for their program. Penny was never told about her aunts, and the aunts were never told the truth about Penny. I am sorry for your rough treatment, but I thought you would like the surprise ending."
There is so much crying and hugging that none of the women heard a thing. I shook his hand and thank him.
Andre asks, "Will that over the cost of one of your world-famous dogs?"
Mary kisses Andre and then says, "It most certainly will. However, you can't have them back."
Andre smiles, "Deal. Lunch is ready. Let's eat, catch up, and then me and my two comrades and I need half an hour in your soundproof conference room."
How the hell does he know about our house?
Andre reads my mind, "It's good to know your enemies ... and your friends. Sorry, I am ex KGB, I can't help myself. Your reports are immediately translated and read by my entire staff. You are a most formidable opponent. One I wish to never go up against, I am glad they retired you! What I didn't fully comprehend is the beauty of Mary and Kim. I met Penny once. When I saw her aunts, I was not surprised to find out they were all related. They have a special gene that says I am sexy as hell."
We did eat a fantastic lunch. Totally blew us all away. Chefs at that level are amazing, especially their sauces. After lunch, our horses are still tied to the railings out front. Three more horses have appeared and are waiting. All three are riders and horse lovers, no lessons needed. It's a beautiful ride over to the kennels. I have never been here before.
It's a large heated building, more like a barn with hay for the dogs. Breeding rooms, birthing rooms, and training/playrooms. Mary explains how everything is fun for the dogs and only positive reinforcement is provided. Dog's that don't enjoy the training or aren't good at it concentrate on being sled dogs.
Mary explains how she works with each dog individually and in pairs. She has the new owners work with her, so they learn the signs the dogs use. Most are visual as silence is vital. She doesn't want to tip off their presence or location. In the end, she has everyone sit in a big circle and then releases all the dogs. The dogs look around, smell the owners, and eventually, the dogs bring toys to an owner.
If a dog doesn't get the attention of an owner, they look somewhere else. All three generals are immediately playing with a dog. It takes longer for Dora and DeeDee to get selected. Both of their dogs curl up in their laps. That's a lot of dogs to have in your lap. They are young still; it could be a lot worse. Three generals, two wives, and Barry. That is six dogs. This means a smaller batch for the military this year.
There is the runt of the litter. He wants to be my friend. I don't need a dog, I try to push him away. He is persistent. He thinks I am playing. He changes tactics on me, he runs away from me. Cool. However, I then see him circle around the group. Lost behind the people and other dogs that are playing. It's a slow walk. As he nears my peripheral vision, he speeds to a full out run and tackles me, knocking me over. While standing over me, he licks my face in triumph.
Mary says, "I knew it. He is the smallest, slowest, but also by far the smartest. Did you see him work out how to get to you? That's rare in a dog. My dog is the only other one that does stuff like that." She is, of course, referring to Rocky. I dare say she loves him as much as I do.
+++++
Andre is very pleased as he leaves. We all get hugs. Because there are so many dogs, the working dogs are all going with Andre back to base. There they will wait to separate the dogs between Canadian and American. Those with an owner stay with us at the house.
We have another excellent meal. I love my family and the way they cook. However, they can't hold a candle to this chef. Everyone knows he is better and everyone understands that he is special.
Penny is first to bring it up, "I love having the famous chef here. I had looked at a few. However, after seeing both moms cook, I realized how much they love cooking for the family. After I did it a few times, I was hooked as well. However, his sauces are to die for. I think I will hire some teachers and we will spend a few weeks learning to get better."
After dinner, there is a large group talking and drinking wine.
Dora starts off the group conversation, "Dana, I understand that you were trained to have sex?"
Mom blushes but corrects her, "Oh no, I am quite proficient in sex. Too proficient, I fucked half the men going through here. No, my asshole son gets this idea in his head that my husband and I need to become an exclusive team. With my slut ways, he lost interest. Brian had my daughter, and I dress in almost nothing. Breasts fell out, we kissed each other, I gave my daughter a lesson on how to give a blowjob, we had sex out front of the house during the day, and the best part was having Brian tie me up twice, and my husband made me a three-hole woman."
DeeDee says, "Gross. How can they do that to you?"
Mom is convincing, "It was the best sex of my life. He took me. He used me. It was awesome."
DeeDee doesn't understand, "How can being violated be fun and erotic?"
Mom has a dreamy look on her face, "First of all, imagine yourself standing in the center of this room, naked. You're blushing, you're scared, your pussy is throbbing with desire. Brian puts his hands on your body, and it feels like molten lava. I want his cock in me. He's binding my breasts, so they are tight and sending bolts of lightning to my pussy. Next, my arms are bound, I can't stop him. I don't want to.
"I no longer have to decide what to do or worry about guiding him. I am now submissive and at his mercy. I'm a piece of meat for his use. He can live out any fantasy he has, and I can't stop him. Then my legs are bound, completing my bondage. If he wants to whip or beat me, he can. I can't stop him. He is my husband, he loves me. Later I will beg him for pain. At this stage, I just want to be fucked. Brian then binds my legs from behind me so that I am spread open."
Dad throws a coil of rope at my feet. Mom moves to the center of the room and slowly disrobes in front of the group. Everyone is staring as she strips for us. She is trembling with anticipation.
I start with the figure eight around her chest and breasts. I coil the rope around her breasts making them stand out and bulge on the ends. I am showing everyone how to tie up a woman. I add release knots and quickly the arms and legs are bound.
I pick up mom and say, "This is where I take mom up to bed and dad spends several hours using her."
I am shot down, dad says, "Brian, drop your mother. I think we need to continue the demonstration."
Mom screams, "No!"
However, with a huge grin on her face, it just isn't believable. I set her back down on the floor. Just like the first time, she called me every name in the book. This time, I knew it was for effect. I back off, leaving just mom, naked, in the center of the room. Dad is staring at mom with lust in his eyes as he slowly strips down.
The two generals are holding their wives in front of them, each has hands on their breasts. Barry has two women in front of him. Each woman has the outmost breast covered by a hand. I have Kim in front of me, and I am playing with her nipples while Penny and Mary are on the floor lying next to each other, hands rubbing between their knees while still in their jeans.
Dad is a man on a mission. He isn't trim like me and doesn't have muscles and abs like I do. But he is focused on his goal, he is ignoring mom. Lust has taken over. Mom is on her ass. As dad nears, her mouth opens into a large "O," and he sticks his cock in and thrust right in the middle. His first few strokes are gentle. Soon he is quickly into an all-out assault on mom's mouth. He goes deep to make her gag and then backs off and is like a machine gun slamming into her face and using her like an object, not a person.
He pulls out when her face turns red, and he allows mom to catch her breath before returning to the voracious attack. He forces himself down her throat and then retreats. He forces himself again and then retreats. As he pulls out mom grins as he shoots his ropes of cum into her mouth.
Dad demands, "Show them!"
Her mouth is open, and I can only assume that she has a mouth full of cum. I am behind her, I can't see. Our guests are all in front and have a great view. I hear mom swallow and then say "ahhhhh." Dad pushes mom straight back, so she is on her back, and then he spins her around. He needs time to recover, so he is playing with mom's breasts. They are coiled in several rounds of rope. He only has about six inches on the end to play with, her areolas, and her nipples are rock hard. She yells at him to leave her sensitive nipples alone.
What does dad do? He goes right after the nipples. He pinches hard and then releases. He pinches harder and longer and then releases. Soon mom is screaming for him to stop. He doesn't. It's easy to see the fluids leaking from moms sloppy and matted vagina. The aroma is strong in the room. I see the breasts of the women being pressed harder.
Mom screams from her orgasm. She can't move, just a scream. Dad never stops. Mom looks worn out. Dad spins her around and tilts her back some so he can thrust his shaft into mom's pussy, and he starts a quick fucking. Mom is soon grunting with her enjoyment. She is sweating, as is dad. She is swearing and saying all kinds of rude things, yet there is a huge, undeniable smile on her face. Dad isn't easing up. He is slamming into her hard.
It doesn't take long, and dad is shooting his load into mom. Ok, now I can get some drinks and maybe find some snacks for everyone. Dad rolls over on to his side.
Without looking, Dad says one of the most shocking things I have ever heard, "Barry, you're next."
What the hell? Did I hear that right?
Mom is amazed, "Honey, are you sure? I don't know about this."
Dad laughs, "Yeah right. Look at what he's done for our family, the happiness he has caused, I'm sure. Barry, get your ass over here and fuck this woman good."
Barry is reluctant until mom says, "He means it, get over here and fuck me. We discussed this already, and I will fuck anyone anytime. My husband is trying to please me. I desire a great deal more than he can provide.
Usually, we must wait a few hours before he violates my rectum. Each of you are going to take a turn tonight. We have a strap on if any women want a run at me. You can even do a husband and wife turn."
Barry gets up, looks at her ass, and comments, "Still a fine-looking ass you have after all these years. It seems like just yesterday."
He thrusts his cock deep into mom in a hard slam. Mom screamed out in agony. Who is she kidding? His cock is small, she has seen much larger. From watching dad, Barry is worked up and is slamming into mom with all his might and as quick as he can. He is fucking her very good, and her smile is enormous. Both Dora and DeeDee notice the look on her face, and they too have a longing. Mary and Kim are both naked and now have a strap-on in place.
I notice that everyone is naked now, there is a pile of clothes to the side. Both wives are being groped and have lust in their eyes as Barry screams out his orgasm and shoots five ropes into my mother. That sure is a strange thought. My base commander just fucked my mother. Wow. The best part, I think it will get even better.
Barry falls to the side, he is spent. One of the two security agents licks him clean. He curls up with her, he is cold now. George is next; dad calls him over. He seems reluctant because of his wife. She finally pushes him. He is slow to crawl behind mom. Kim gets up and put her hand out for DeeDee. Kim has DeeDee lay down next to mom. Mary does the same with the security agent not holding Barry so that she is on one side of Barry and DeeDee is on the other. As my friend slides into mom, Kim and Mary slide into the woman in front of them.
Basically, all three are being fucked at the same time and same speed. As George picks up his pace, so do Kim and Mary. It's incredible watching synchronized fucking. As my friend slams in harder, so do Mary and Kim.
Ok, I have seen enough. I grab Penny, and without asking I throw her down in front of me and just as I am about to enter her, I realize what I am doing and stop. She didn't ask for this.
Penny surprises me, "No! Don't stop. Use me like the tramp that I am. Fuck me good and hard. Hurry, finish before they do."
She says in the voice of Nakita, "Fuck me, you worthless maggot. Is that the best you can do? Bah, the old men here fuck harder than you, sissy boy. You got a big cock but don't know what it's for. Move over and let a real man fuck me."
Well, guess what that did to me? Yup, instant anger, and embarrassment for being called those names in front of my friends. It fanned the flames and thought of the Major denying Rocky treatment. Oh yeah, I blew up. I was louder, faster and slamming much harder than anyone else and it wasn't even close. I was furious and panting hard. I was fucking so fast and loud that everyone else basically stopped and watched me fuck Penny.
Penny is screaming with each thrust. Not in agony, no, screaming in excitement. She is in heat and screaming up a storm, overtaking mom. Everyone else is still fucking but if they aren't their eyes are on me, and the rough fucking Penny is receiving. They seem amazed that she likes this. Hell, I am still amazed, this just isn't normal.
The general shoots his load, and quicker than lightning, Dora is trying to get under Kim. The other security agent wants to trade positions. Both women are very accommodating, and soon the fucking is in full effect again. I am still pounding the hell out of Penny, and she is screaming loud enough to wake the babies. This is too good, I can't last very long. I scream out a guttural rage as I shoot my cum deep into Penny's womb. Oh, that was a glorious fuck. I shot wad after wad into my love. Her body feels awesome. I am breathing hard, I am sweating, I am on my side, and Penny is draped over me.
With a scream, Tom finishes using mom. Together they scream, one high pitch and then one lower pitch. It was impressive to watch. Tom falls to the side, he is wasted, and out of energy. Mom has cum leaking out of her cunt. Big blobs are running out. She is breathing hard, sweaty, and leaning on her side. Dad rocks her back and upright so he can fuck her again.
How much can mom take? Oh. Dad squeezes some lube onto mom's behind. Time to make her scream. Yup, he thrusts in causing a hitch in mom's breathing and a new cry of surprise. Mom yells "No! Don't. Don't. I'm not ready." Well, that's the thing about being tied up. You don't make those decisions. Kim and Mary are at my side, Penny is curled up in my lap.
Dad is reaming mom good now, and she is screaming although not anywhere near her orgasm.
I give the play by play, "Mom's enjoying this tremendously. She's screaming because she does feel pain. However, there's also a lightning bolt striking her pussy and setting her on fire. If dad went faster, she wouldn't feel the pain, only the pleasure. Mom is one of those pain loving freaks of nature. She wants to feel the pain, so dad slows down his fucking.
"I don't understand it; but as you can see by the smile on her face, it's a real thing. I tell you this because Penny has three kinds of lube in each room for you so you can try this out. That isn't shampoo if you have found them."
Dora and DeeDee sneak up on mom. Dora kisses mom on the lips while DeeDee rubs her clit lightly and puts her fist into mom's pussy. Dora uses her hand to tweak nipples. I think they want to get back to their rooms because they must know the effect this will have on mom. She has a massive orgasm. Immediately after her scream, her eyes roll back, and she passes out. Kim is immediately at her side checking her pulse. She slaps her on the back, nothing. Kim is freaking out as mom starts breathing and opens her eyes with an enormous smile on her face.
I pull the quick releases, and she is free. Mom doesn't move. Dad picks her up and carries her upstairs as he says good night. One of the security agents rushes the table with the rope and brings it to me.
She smiles as she says, "PLEASE! I need to try that."
I look at Barry, he nods his head yes. I start tying her up. She is one happy woman, the cat that ate the canary. Dora and DeeDee saunter over to the table and they also grab a bundle of rope.
I ask the husbands, "If you want to walk back and turn the lights on, I will deliver the packages for you. It will help to have the lights on." Both generals walk back to their cabins.
Dora asks, "Is there any chance you could ... warm me up?"
I laugh, "Dora, you are one sexy woman. However, I have three gorgeous women in my life, I'm not about to do anything stupid to make any of them want to leave me. They can all do better than me, I'm lucky to have any woman in my life. I appreciate the offer, but I must respectfully decline."
Kim is right there, "This is a special occasion, I think you could have some fun. You've been awesome to us. I don't mind."
I smile at her, "Sorry, that's one of those slippery slopes. It's not you, I just can't."
Dora hugs me, "It's OK, I expected that answer, just thought I'd try."
I proceed to tie Dora up and deliver her to cabin #1. I then tie up DeeDee and deliver her to the second cabin, the one I had them label #1. No way I am placing either general in anything but cabin #1.
As I am walking out from cabin two/now one, Tom calls out, "I noticed the cabin numbers, nice touch. Always thinking of the details. I came over here wondering which of us would get number one. Well played."
He did make me smile. When I get back, one of the two security agents wants to be tied up for Barry. The other one has already left with Penny. I make the delivery, and nobody else is left. I look up, and my door is open, and the lights are off. I guess Kim and Mary got mad because I took Penny and they are together tonight. After seeing all the naked women, I am hard, guess I need to take care of it myself.
I lock up all the doors other than the front door just in case someone needs something. I clean up the soda cans and wine glasses. The executive chef might be awesome at cooking, but apparently, he hates doing dishes. He made a mountain, and I cut into it some by filling the dishwashers, we have two. Half a mountain remains. I fill up the sinks with soap and water and start going through the mountain.
Ninety minutes later I am done, everything is drying on the counters or the table. I am dragging and barely able to stand up. I need sleep, it's 2 AM, and they will wake me up in about four hours or so. I walk up to my bedroom, and before I turn on the lights, I see Kim and Mary in my bed with their arms around each other, still naked. They snuck into my room but fell asleep before I came to bed. I will let them sleep, I crawl into Kim's bed. Rocky jumps up on to the bed, and we sleep back to back like we have done hundreds of times in the woods. He is worn out as well.
+++++
I wake up in a fog. I'm tired, it is dark outside, and Rocky is gone. I am breathing hard and ready to cum. I am right on the edge when I hear Dora say, "Stop." My eyes are slowly opening. Someone kisses me softly on the lips. Their hair is long, and it falls forward, blocking all light. I can smell her body. It's familiar. Her perfume is strong, it's Kim.
Dora says, "Continue." Kim leaves me and starts bobbing on my cock while licking my head and shaft. I am quickly getting close. Kim is using new techniques. Kim removes her head, and Dora attacks my cock. Holy shit! How do I get out of this and keep my promotion? This will kill my career.
I am getting close, and Dora stops. She says to Kim, "I could feel his cock enlarging. That's how you know to stop. We've been going for a while, soon stopping won't stop him. When you're ready, don't stop."
Holy shit, the general's wife is teaching my wife how to give blowjobs and edge. This is way too cool.
As Kim is bobbing and widening her tongue as it slides under my cock head, Dora says, "Kim and Mary were tired and fell asleep waiting for you. You didn't wake them up, so they thought you slept with one of the two security agents like my husband does. Oh yes, I know. They both remembered the dishes, so they went down to do them in a fury.
"I was up early and had the same idea. They were done, but I had no idea where to put them. They got madder and madder as we discussed what to do. We all decided to take a shower. We come in here and find you in bed. You smell like dish soap. They figured out you did the dishes and they started to cry. I explained that edging is an awesome way to wake up a man. She didn't know. I played teacher. You get the picture?"
I nod my head in acknowledgment and understanding of the situation. Kim is back at it, bobbing up and down on my cock, making me very happy. Mary comes out of the shower feeling refreshed and looking sexy. At seeing that I am up, and she is still naked, she gets up on the bed, moves up to me and straddles my face. I am inches from a beautiful shaved pussy. I lean forward and use a long slurping tongue stroke right up her lips. She shudders. Softly and slowly I kiss my way up her vagina.
Kim gets up and sits on my cock cowgirl style. I am surprised at both. They had our children just over three months ago. There is no way I was going to ask them for sex. When they were ready, I had no doubt they would let me know. I hear Dora say, "Switch."
What I expected to happen was Mary would get up and then Kim would move forward followed by Mary taking over on my cock. What happened is Mary got off my face, and Kim took her place once she climbed up on the bed. You guessed it, Dora has been happily bouncing on my cock. She laughs at my shock and at the horror on my face.
She leans forward, "My husband sent me. It's ok. Besides, I think he wanted one of those security girls he fucks. I sure got the better of this deal. Your cock is fantastic."
I go to town on Kim. I want to make sure she orgasms from this. I won't insert fingers, not until she is ready, nor will I go deep unless she asks. However, I will lick, kiss, and hum on her lips until she orgasms. I will go slow, the way she likes it. I save that for special occasions. I think this qualifies.
Mary can see what I am doing, and she says, "Oooooo baby. He is sucking that gorgeous pussy of yours."
She gently squeezes a nipple just enough to make the milk run down her hands and arms onto me.
Mary continues, "I love when he goes slow. You can feel his breath on your sweet lips. He laps up your juices and teases the edges of your lips. He will hum a few bars of an ancient army march which probably talks about fucking a woman like you. A woman with huge breasts and a pussy that won't say no to his marvelous cock. Oh, to feel his tongue ..."
That's as far as she got before Kim screams and orgasms on my face. She falls on to her hands and then collapses on me. Out of habit, I was holding back for Kim. When she orgasmed, I did as well, forgetting that I was in Dora. Am I going to do anything right today? Dora has a big look of surprise on her face.
On seeing my scared face again, she laughs as she says, "It's ok. I'm safe. I just wasn't expecting that much cum. I guess you had been high and dry for a while even with the release last night. I normally get a few drops, this is an awesome and welcome surprise."
We all go into my shower and have a nice prolonged soaking. Everyone got a chance to make sure my cock is clean, and Dora and I milked some breasts to provide relief. Dora found it surprisingly fun. With the size Kim and Mary are now, yeah, it's a lot of fun. Kim shares a sundress with Dora, and we go downstairs to start breakfast. Two generals and a base commander are making breakfast for the group. Mom is sitting down and coordinating the men, so they don't burn breakfast. They are asking lots of questions. Our executive chef is still sleeping.
We have French toast with strawberries, blueberry pancakes, fried eggs, sausage links, sausage patties, a fruit salad, and fresh squeezed orange juice. We ground the coffee, and it's in the French press. The expresso machine is going, and the aroma is spellbinding.
Tom hugs his wife and asks, "Did you have fun?"
Dora has a dreamy look on her face, "Yes I did. Thank you for that. Now tell him he still has his promotion. When he saw what I did, I thought he was going to die of fright."
Tom is smug, "Nothing scares that man."
Kim sets him straight, "Not having a dog did. After Rocky got hurt and he had to do a mission without him he was scared to death. He couldn't move fast enough, and it put lives at risk. So, if you ever get the bright idea to cut the budget by skimping on dogs, I will string you up by your balls."
She then realized what she said and who she said it to and blushes a deep shade of red as she starts apologizing. She looks near tears.
Tom moves to her and embraces her in a massive hug as he whispers in her ear, "I will never cut that program or skimp on dogs. I know you feel strongly to say it to my face, I know it's too important to ignore." He says in his normal voice to me while still hugging Kim, "You're a very wise man to marry this woman."
We have a lovely breakfast and heckle our chef for his part. I am taking the generals and Barry out hunting for a few days while the women drink wine, take cooking classes from the tv chef, and spend time with the children while the nurses and mothers who are watching the children get a surprise and take cooking classes from the TV chef.
+++++
It's our second day out hunting. The airplane took us out to a remote area. I am not risking this group running into another group. They have each got a small kill. We took out some weak ones from a large herd we saw. They are each excellent shots. I point out the ones to kill, and they hit their targets. We took some for ourselves tonight and left the rest for scavengers. I felt bad leaving it there, such a waste. However, we need to travel light, so we are far from the kills. I don't want any surprises at night.
While walking along a path to a campsite where we can settle for the night, both dogs start to growl. We are in a small opening in the forest, and it's overgrown in this area. I have them bark to scare away whatever is in the area. I can hear something in front of us, I raise my rifle, and my friends do the same. Four rifles pointed ahead, waiting for something to pop out.
A small elk ran in front of us and then takes a 90-degree turn and runs off again. Barry and the two generals lower their guns and start laughing. I am wondering what was chasing the elk that made him run at two barking dogs.
In a split second, a cougar comes leaping out of the underbrush and is in air, coming right at me. In a fraction of a second, I shoot him between the eyes. Instant kill. However, that kitten weights a few hundred pounds and has sharp claws that were reaching for me. Even though he did not bite or take a swipe at me, his massive body still hits my head, and his massive body's force knocks me onto my back with his body lying on top of me.
+++++
I wake up, and Rocky is licking me, the cougar has been removed from my body. One general has his hand on my thigh where I see lots of blood. The other general is repeating the same process on my arm. Barry is on the sat phone with Kim telling her that I just woke up.
I explain, "The sat phone has its current GPS coordinates. Get Kim, her med kit, a stretcher, and a volunteer to get started North in the plane immediately. One of you will walk due North, here is my compass, it's about  of a mile to the lake. Bring Rocky and tell him to guard you. Once at the lake, give them your coordinates, and they can zero in on you. This is just a scratch, I will be fine. Then I need the whiskey canteen, and we wait. It will be about two hours to get back to me. When you want to come back, tell Rocky, find Brian. He will get you back here."
Barry runs off with the phone and my compass yelling at Rocky to guard him.
Tom looks at me, "I sure would hate to be you. Your wife is going to be pissed."
George laughs hard as well, and then he adds, "Certainly not how I expected today to go. Damn glad you kept your gun up and hit him."
I laugh at him, "I didn't just want to hit him, I wanted between the eyes, I was a bit high."
Tom is amazed at me, "That was the most impressive shot I have even seen. A fraction of a second to aim and pull the trigger and you hit him between the eyes. That's a legendary shot, and you have two generals to authenticate it. Doesn't get any better than that kid."
I know I have lost a lot of blood. It will be two hours to get here and another two to get back. It doesn't look good for me. I pass out thinking that I've had a pretty good life.
+++++
Kim's point of view:
Penny, Mary and I are all in tears. We are in our best black dresses in the front row, where the family sits. Tom and Barry are sitting behind us. We are in Alaska once again on the American base that Brian loved so much. We met his old friends, and they give us their condolences. Everyone is in tears. We have all lost a good friend. The casket is being taken from the hearse adorned with an American flag. The trumpet plays a haunting song, and then several rifles fire a final salute.
DeeDee is a mess next to us. Nobody can console her. I don't think that anyone is prouder than me at this moment. My husband was attacked just two weeks ago and probably saved a few lives. He suffered two severe injuries. Yet watching him help carry that casket in his US. Army dress blues, you would never guess that he was still healing and very tender still. It was a shock to us all when we heard that his friend George died of a sudden heart attack.
Brian was devastated. We all rushed back and helped DeeDee with the preparations. Brian should have been in bed taking it easy, but he had to make sure everything's perfect. It is. Even the weather is unusually warm with clear blue skies. The General had in his will that if Brian showed up, he, his family, and his dogs were to sit with the family. Rocky and DeeDee's dog Cindy sat right next to her, and nobody had a problem with it. Nobody will cross Brian, not on this base, and especially not at George's funeral. He is a living legend on this base still. They know all his exploits, his stories, and his relationship with the general.
They laugh hard when they hear him called an American, they called him the Canadian. No laughing today though. Extra security was brought in because of all the political and military dignitaries attending. He wasn't a high ranking general, nor the most powerful. He does seem to be the most liked. Politicians can fake anything, military guys can't. You can see the emotions in their faces. They will miss George.
After the service, Brian hobbled over to DeeDee and gave her a big hug. Financially, she is set for life. However, she has had enough of Alaska, too many bad memories. After a lovely party to honor our friend and a good night of sleep, we spend the next day packing their house so she can move.
Brian helped with removing his clothes and other personal effects. He knew what to keep, mementos that she will remember him by. She gave Brian George's hunting rifle. It's weird going through another person's stuff, but it had to be done. Tom, Barry, and Dora assist, which made it much more manageable. DeeDee cried a lot, so we did most of the packing and sorting out of junk to be trashed.
+++++
When we finish, there was a considerable group to say goodbye to us. Not a lot of reasons to go back anymore, everyone sensed that this is the final farewell. There are a bunch of tearful farewells. In this group, some nurses cared for him, men that owe him their life, and a few others that knew how important he is.
Tom and Barry are going our way, so we all take the Canadian jet home with a full set U.S. fighter jets for escorts. I know DeeDee hasn't thought of where to go yet and she is in a daze. It was easy to bring her home with the dogs on the helicopter and us. She didn't even realize where she was until she landed and that was the first time in a long time that we saw her smile.
The first month, DeeDee was like Brian's watch dog. He wasn't allowed to do anything until I considered him healed. He grew frustrated, but she was used to controlling headstrong men. He recovered well with her help.
DeeDee soon became bored and helped cook, watched the children, worked in my clinic, booked trips, and even cared for the horses down at the barn. She just seemed to always be where she was needed. It gave her a purpose in life.
DeeDee will eventually help with teaching the children, but for now, she is like floating help. She has shown interest in Barry and has gone on a few dates with him when the helicopters are going back and forth. Barry spent a week with DeeDee horseback riding on their own. I expect one day she won't be back, or Barry will retire early. We are all happy for them.
Penny is staying late at the stables. She hired a new guy to work with the horses, he speaks Russian. She has been asking discretely if she would still be welcome if she were with a different man. It's hard to look disappointed when the smile on your face hurts from suppressing it.
I think my exact words were, "Brian will be devastated, but because we love you so much, we'll distract him with sex for a while." The silly girl smiled at me. Yeah, she saw right through me. We both got a good giggle out of it.
I told Penny, "As long as you are happy, you'll never have a problem with Brian or us. Just make sure the guy knows that if he ever hurts you, he better be a world class sprinter and never be within 1000 yards of Brian.
Within a month Mary hired a man to help with the dogs, and since then, she hasn't spent a night with us.
Brian loses George, Penny, and Mary in a short period of time. DeeDee could leave soon. I am worried about him, that is too much loss for a single person. That is a lot of grief, rejection, and sadness to deal with. I think Penny hurts more than he lets on. Work is keeping him busy. Tom has him writing and teaching almost full time. At least twice a month we get a visit from a special friend of Tom or Barry that needs time with Brian.
Those visits are starting to take a toll on him. He is quiet and moodier during and after their visits. I will have DeeDee talk to both men and slow down the visits. I know Brian can't say no to these people.
+++++
It's mid-February, a Tuesday, and we have a foot of new snow on the ground and more falling every minute. We are going to be inside for a while. Barry and DeeDee have slowed down their dating, she spends time with customers now. I check for STD's often to be safe, but she never has one. I guess the men coming up here are a higher-class client now. Half the customers are military.
Right now, nobody is coming up, it's dog sled season. Mary is very busy selling dogs and working with the owners to show them her unique features. Reports are already coming in that the dogs are sensing danger. No lives saved yet, but the buyers are very appreciative to know and play it safe.
Mom and dad are curled up under a blanket on a couch with Penny and her man on the opposite end. Mary and her man are on another couch with her parents on the other end. DeeDee is by herself curled up under two blankets. She seems sad, everyone else has someone, she is alone.
Brian steps up to the big fireplace and starts a fire. He opens the vent, and soon we have a roaring fire. DeeDee dims the lights and then lays down a couple of bearskin blankets. With the roaring fire, there is no need for a blanket anymore. DeeDee has on just a pair of shorts and a t-shirt. No panties or bra that I can see, she is ready for bed and didn't anticipate Brian starting a fire.
Brian goes to the kitchen. That means he'll be back with soda, water, and wine along with some snacks for the second feature. While he is in the kitchen, I lay down on my stomach next to DeeDee with my arms and hands holding my head up, just like DeeDee. While watching previews, I raise my ass and then swing it towards DeeDee, knocking her over.
DeeDee laughs at me and says fondly, "Bitch." We both giggle.
She gets back into place, and within just a few seconds, she pulls the same maneuver on me. However, DeeDee is older, more mature, and most importantly, bigger. I am sent sprawling across the floor. All eyes are on us now. I snicker and then quick as a fox, I am back in my place. Seconds later, I sit up and use both hands to push DeeDee over. One of my hands misses her ribs and ends up pushing with full force on her breast.
DeeDee looks at me, "You're playing a dangerous game little girl."
She rolls over back into position and then over one more time so that she is on top of me. She sits up, so she is kneeling on me and rips my blouse up and over my head. Buttons fly. I am now topless and shriek as she rips off my shirt. There are two men here I barely know, and I have no shirt on. FUCK! My nipples turn hard. Now they will think I am a slut.
I could stay here on the floor hiding my breasts. However, that is too safe. I stand up and take two quick steps to DeeDee and tackle her. As my body slams into her, I grab her elastic shirt and pull with all my might. It rips just like mine did, and her breasts spill out. Now we wrestle. We are grabbing each other and rolling on the floor. We end up in the middle of everyone.
Mary and Penny each have a look of disgust in their eyes. Penny grabs me, and Mary grabs DeeDee. We both resist and roll some more on the ground. In the process, we both rip Mary's and Penny's shirts off. Now four large sets of breasts are flopping around as we wrestle. As we fight more, it's a little unbelievable, but each one of us loses our pants somehow. How can that happen?
It's almost like we all planned this out. Almost. Brian comes out holding a tray and is watching the scrum. He says nothing. All eyes are on the four naked bodies. Finally, Brian saves us, it takes a lot of effort to fight and grab body parts.
Brian is irritated, "What the hell is the matter with you four? You are acting like our children. I want each of you on hands and knees in the center, facing each other."
We all have smiles on our faces, I have no idea what he might do to us. I have butterflies in my stomach, I am nervous. Near strangers are looking at my naked body. Our legs are spread wide, revealing our sex. We are all turned on and horny yet embarrassed. Brian took charge like we expected him too. Men, they are so predictable. He orders the other men to take their women. Now is the moment that we have been waiting for, who will claim DeeDee, or will she remain unclaimed?
Surprisingly both wives push their husbands who rush behind DeeDee. She is crying already. Brian starts by spanking my ass hard ten times. Ouch! That mother fucker spanks me when I am getting him laid. Is that the way to treat your wife? I look back at him, and he smiles at me and gives me a wink. That asshole, he has us figured out already. When did he know? Damn, that hurts. However, I am also leaking like a century old Dutch dike ready to burst.
Brian then slams his cock into me. I see four other men stripping before us. I watch all four do the other women. We figured he would put us in a line, this is sooooo much better. Roscoe takes DeeDee from behind, dad face fucks her from the front which turns into spit roasting. Fuck that bitch is lucky. My one stroke of luck, Brian has by far the largest cock.
I have not had much of a sex drive since our child was born. This last week it came back, and we devised this plan to help DeeDee have some fun. Brian helped by putting us in a circle. Soon mom is in the ring naked as well, and dad moves to her and is fucking her. Mary's mother is next to join us. However, now we are a man short. Brian solves that as well.
Brian says, "Rotate clockwise."
Oh fuck, do I really want another man fucking me? I didn't anticipate this. I hesitate to move. Brian never stops fucking me. He isn't going to rotate? This is his chance to get mom, Penny, and Mary again. This doesn't make sense. I know he still cares for Penny, she is too gorgeous not to. Yet one boyfriend passes by us and moves on to Mary's mom. He starts fucking her good. She is in her glory, a young cock stuffing her good and hard.
I am crying now, I can't believe that Brian is doing this. Is he mad at them for leaving him or does he love me that much?
Brian yells, "Rotate!"
DeeDee was without a partner, now Mary is. She looks very sad. Her boyfriend is fucking mom good and telling her how special she is. Soon, all the men are complementing their lovers. My oh my, I do love the way Brian fucks me, especially in front of others. He has turned us a bit, so others have a better view of us. I am nervous because everyone can see me naked. It's one thing to be naked in front of family and girlfriends you love. Being naked in front of strangers, that is just wicked. My skin is on fire, and I can feel their eyes on my body. I orgasm.
Brian yells, "Rotate!"
I have collapsed onto the floor. Penny's boyfriend wants a turn, but Brian covers my body, he gets the hint. Penny could have killed him with the daggers from her eyes. We rotate a few more times until all the women have orgasmed at least once. DeeDee is the first to recover. She stands up and walks to me. I roll onto my back, and DeeDee straddles me and then moves into a classic 69 position. Brian sits back and watches. He blew his load into me as I orgasmed. We need to get him hard again.
I am slow and gentle as I lick DeeDee's pussy. My hands are massaging and squeezing her breasts, and she is reciprocating the pleasure. Oh my, I had forgotten how much fun a woman's body is. DeeDee is soft and gentle. Her tongue is just as tender and deftly licks at my folds. I am diving deep and checking the taste of this older and mature woman. She is nothing like Mary and Penny. They are earthier where DeeDee is sweet.
It's been a few minutes, and I am sure that Brain and all the men are hard now, but I am enjoying this.
Brian yells out, "Switch!"
What the hell, that isn't in the script. However, DeeDee stops licking me and gets up, she lays down next to mom and me and mom is quick to pounce on her. Mary looks at her mother and me, then she attacks me. I can't blame her. I wasn't looking forward to mom either. I am a hypocrite, I will fuck my brother but not my mom or dad. I can't help how I feel about Brian. I know it is wrong on many levels but damn it, I need him. He is the love of my life, and I will never leave him.
I am familiar with Mary's body, her taste, and her smell. I love Mary. I break with tradition on Mary tonight. Typically, I am slow and gentle. Tonight, I am going to be the opposite. I roll over, so I am on top. I take a firm grasp of her throat and start to choke her. That shakes her up, and she stops all movement. I loosen my grip, I don't want to hurt her. I forcefully thrust my tongue into Mary causing her to moan. My hands grab her hips and turn her as I please. I have no intentions other than to force her to submit to me. She does. I am rough, hard, and quick as my tongue is licking her pussy.
This is early Brian and the few men I knew at school. They were terrible and never got further than eating me. They weren't worth anything more. I take big wide strong licks in an exaggerated motion. Mary is going wild in excitement. She is barely able to lick me. I tilt her on her side and spank her ass.
I yell at Mary, "Eat me, bitch!"
Holy shit, did I just say that? Mary is eager to please me, and she is going to town. Much faster than before. I move my hands down to her breasts, and now I am rough with them. I maul her nipples and then run the flat of my thumb over the hard, rough tops of her nipples. I love that feeling and would like to be sucking on her breasts right now.
Mary is doing much better now; I'm moaning almost as much as she is but far less than Connie and Mom. She is borderline embarrassing. With being naked in front of two strangers, DeeDee, and Mary's parents, the strangeness, and embarrassment, the butterflies are constant.
DeeDee has her ass facing dad, so dad does what any man would do, he gets up on his knees and slides into her from behind. Now she can't moan, she is yelling, "Fuck yeah." Mary's boyfriend goes to Penny and slides into her. Like musical chairs, we are running out of easy to fuck women. Penny's boyfriend moves to me, and I am about to scream "NO!" when he freezes. He looks over his shoulder and Brian has his arm out on his shoulder.
Fuck, that must have been the anger that Penny saw when he fucked her. Brian looks scary right now, and the guy backs away quickly. He goes to mom. She is on her back, so it's like missionary position only it's a whole lot safer.
Brian still has that look of anger on his face as he stares at Penny's boyfriend. I don't say a thing, I don't want him to stop the hate. I push back and instinctively, Brian thrusts forward into my wet pussy. Oh, that is so good. I swear I can feel every vein in his cock slide into me. I am on fire, and there is nothing gentle about Brian right now.
In a flash, he is fucking me with a purpose. My body jerks forward as he slams into me. Maybe I should say something. He lances me again and again. He is quickly speeding up. In no time I have lost the initiative. I have lost the ability to speak. His hands are holding my hips tight, and his fingers are turning white from gripping me so hard. His body is crashing into me. Each thrust is a car wreck. It hurts some, but the pleasure is so much better that I will never say anything even if I could which I can't.
My entire body is jerking forward and backward. My mind is drawn to my pussy, I can almost see his cock slamming into me, like a cut away model. I can feel the heat of his shaft. I can feel the ridges on the veins of his cock as they slide against my walls in my pussy. My juices are moisturizing his cock so it can slide quickly in and out of me. We are both sweating, his hair is sweaty and matted to his head. He has a strong manly smell.
I can hear at least one other woman smelling the air. I am drunk on the intoxicating aroma. I would tell him to slow down now, but even if I could communicate, he isn't listening. He is in a haze and won't stop until his mission is complete. I do my part. I accept his cock and enjoy the ride. Slowly, my body goes numb. I can still clearly feel his cock reaming my pussy, but that is all I can feel.
I have an explosion of energy, and I am blinded by the suddenly bright lights and a feeling of euphoria. I feel myself scream, but I hear nothing. My body is shutting down all functions. All I feel is a quiet calm and joy.
+++++
Brian's point of view:
I scream as I am pumping wad after wad of cum into my gorgeous wife. She has no clue. She has frozen in mid scream and slowly loosens up as she started to collapse. I am still shooting cum into her as her body goes down. I have Kim by the hips. I let go and grab her body as it's falling, allowing her head to fall back into my body where I can cradle Kim as the last of my cum is painted on her back.
I look around, and everyone else is silent and staring at me. What did I do? Did I hurt Kim? I check her neck first to make sure I didn't snap it. I check her breathing, her pulse, I am frantic. Mom grabs my arms and looks deep into my eyes. I see complete love there for me.
Mom whispers, "She's ok, it was just a hell of an orgasm. She'll wake up in a moment. Take deep breaths."
In a normal voice, I say, "Penny, Mary, everyone, I think we are done for the night. Why don't you each grab a cabin and finish up."
The two get dressed, and soon their dates follow them putting their clothes back on. They leave without saying a word. Both Mary and Penny look disappointed. It will be a while before they talk to me. I embarrassed them, and I was selfish. The way the night was going, each of the women would have been shared. But the thought of another man taking Penny set me ablaze with the desire to take Kim. I sit in shame now. Kim had a chance to experience a night of fun, and I ruined it.
Quiet and shy Connie tries to cover herself as she gets up and walks to me. I look up at her to take my abuse for what I did to her daughter's and Penny's boyfriends and ruining the night. Sure enough, she slaps me hard in the face. I see it coming and take my punishment. She is mad now, I don't even try to defend myself.
She yells at me, 'What the hell is the matter with you?"
I am near tears as I reply, "I'm sorry for ruining the night."
She is confused, "What? You ruined the night? Oh my God! You ARE clueless about women! Fuck you! I'm mad at you for being sorry for yourself. Penny and Mary were uncomfortable with their boyfriend's actions, and Kim had a look of horror when she thought she was going to be mounted by Penny's boyfriend. No! You saved her."
Mom added, "They took advantage of the situation. You were helping a widow, they wanted young pussy. They were wrong. I'm sorry honey. It may not have ended well this time, but it was still a hell of a lot of fun. Right, Kim?"
DeeDee laughs, "He really did a number on her. She's still speechless. I'm surprised I can speak. That was the best I ever had. That's what I am looking for in a man, and I know you are taken. I need my own man. I will find one worthy enough eventually. Until then, I'm having a hell of a lot of fun weeding out the rejects."
We all have a good chuckle.
To be continued ...