Notes: This is my first story ever! A lot of sexual, cruel, extreme things will come! Please read chapters 1-5 before proceeding with this one. And please read the tags before you continue. If it's not for you, then read another story.
Thank you for all the comments; they motivate me to continue. Any suggestions for what could happen or be included in this series are welcome.
The story is my lifelong fantasy that I now make into a story. You have no idea what's coming. But it's amazingly brutal and something I haven't found in any story yet. Please note that all characters are over 18 years old, whatever other characters may say in conversations. Everyone in my stories are fictional. The whole story is pure fiction!
If you might get offended by my stories, just don't read, please.
English is not my first language, so bear with me!
Tags: Body modification, mommy kink, mdlg, gaslighting, lezdom, sister, C.G./lg, lesbian, confused, exhibitionist, mind games, re-writing memories, drug, modified, groping, nonconsent touching, referring to contract, huge clit, erect clitoris, captured, forced, cunnilingus, using foot at one point, trust issues, diaper mention.
*****
"Six pancakes? Wow! Can you eat that many?" Flora was my safety and the only one I liked. I giggled and nodded as we walked down the stairs.
I felt so short walking beside her. She was for sure over 10 cm taller than me.
We followed the smell of warm bananas, coffee, tea, cheese, and sugar, heading to the dining room. I could hear the women talking in there.
"I can't tell you how jealous I am of you, Gelly. I will need her today after seeing her so helpless yesterday." Naomi stated.
"Don't tell me about it; I could barely sleep last night. I didn't want to do anything about it, to save it for that magical little..." June got interrupted when Flora and I walked through the archway, hand in hand.
"Sleeping in now, are we?" Eliza said; it sounded like a joke, but I knew it wasn't. I could tell that she didn't appreciate us being late.
I felt shy, so I stood slightly behind Flora to be safe.
"We were up early in the morning and for a long time. Because someone had tons of questions, didn't you?" She stroked some hair away from my face that had fallen and covered the fourth tomato. She held her hand on my cheek, feeling its warmth.
I just nodded slowly. My feet couldn't stay still; I was too nervous for that. So I placed one foot over the other, played with the toes on one foot, and so on. I always do that when I'm in an awkward or uncomfortable situation. I had done that a lot growing up.
"She is cute when she is shy! Would she like to have some pancakes, maybe?" Naomi was happy today, at least for now.
I did want them more than anything, but that meant I would have to sit down and be surrounded by the women.
"She wants six..."
"Gosh! Good thing I made a lot today, then. I knew we had one more mouth to feed after all. Hopefully, six will be enough to still that little rumbly tummy."
"Come on; the chair is waiting for you!" Angelica patted the seat beside her.
I didn't feel like I had any choice other than to do what I was told. So I walked around the table, still holding hands with Flora. I looked down and saw that the chair Angelica had patted on was covered in a potty pad. The empty chair beside that one was not. It was obvious which one was meant for me. But sitting there would mean I would have to sit next to Angelica, and I wasn't sure if I was ready for that. The nightmare I had last night still felt a bit too real. So I decided I didn't want to sit next to her and headed to the other chair.
"That is where I sit, honey." Flora was serious about the matter, and I could tell she tried hard to sound friendly.
I gave up way too quickly and sat down on the potty pad. I didn't want to seem rude.
"Hi, how did you sleep? Did you have any good dreams?" Angelica placed her hand on my thigh and stroked it softly.
My eyes got wide, shocked. I was scared now.
"She had a nightmare about you, I'm afraid," Flora said in my place.
"About me? Why?" I could tell Angelica got hurt by that fact.
"She thinks you are the evil doctor. I told her the whole story all the way back to December to make her understand it was just a bad dream."
"Oh honey, I would never be an evil doctor. You are my little sweetheart, don't you know that?"
I was about to cry; I was hungry but didn't dare to touch the first pancake that was already placed on my plate. I felt confused, and I could feel my clit starting to make a little tent in my robe. Angelica's hand on my thigh didn't help one bit.
"She won't probably be very talkative right now, she is both shy and in little space. I got her there after having answered like 500 questions, or more".
"Yeah, we heard you. It felt like forever until you two finally shut up". Naomi was clearly annoyed that we had interrupted her sleep.
"I think we all slept in a bit because of that." Eliza said.
"Maybe someone should apologize before starting with her pancakes." I was just about to reach for a fork or a spoon to still my hunger when June interrupted me. It suddenly felt like my mouth was stuck on mute.
"Go on." June continued.
"I'm sorry..."
"What are you sorry for?"
She knew what I was sorry for!
"For waking you all up and keeping you up with my questions."
"Were there good questions at least?" Naomi asked.
I couldn't answer that. Last night the questions felt needed; now, they felt stupid. Flora had been able to answer everything I asked even though I tried so hard to find out if she was lying.
In the corner of my eye, I could see Flora shaking her head to tell the others that it wasn't any good at all. I remember how tired she got of the questions at the end.
"Okay, apology accepted. Now, please eat before it gets cold." June said across the table.
"But... fork? Spoon?"
"You don't need that; they are perfectly fine to eat with your hands," Angelica said.
I looked around the table and saw that everyone was waiting for me to take the first bite. Flora sat to my right in her dark blue morning robe. On the opposite side sat Naomi with the kitchen behind her back, dressed in a pink silk nightgown. In front of me sat June with an oversized patterned t-shirt kind of nightgown. Next to her where Eliza in black pajamas; to my right, I had Angelica, also in a robe but plain white, who wouldn't let go of my thigh. Her robe gave me flashbacks to the O.R., and I quickly looked down at my pancake. I wanted to hide.
When I took the first bite, I felt my clit twitch, I was already horny and had been all morning, but my clit hadn't throbbed yet, only ached a bit.
Not only was it the best banana pancake I've had in my entire life, but the feeling of having anything in my mouth made me slightly wetter than I already was and twitchy. How was that possible if the whole O.R. memory was only a bad dream? It wasn't that I got horny from eating food; it was the feeling on my tongue that made my clit swell. I was hungry and horny. If I ate, it would get worse, but if I didn't, I would be starving.
"Do I need to feed you? If you are going at this pace and want six whole pancakes, then I think you will need some help." If anyone else had said a sentence like that, I would have said no. But realizing it came from Flora, I said, "yes, please."
"Well, would you look at that! Manners and all!" June said.
"Come sit in my lap." I wasn't sure if I wanted that, but it was Flora after all, so I agreed. It felt better to sit on her fluffy robe than on the potty pad. Not that it was uncomfortable in any way, only humiliating. On top of that, I was freed from Angelica's touch.
The humiliation continued, though, when Flora spread her legs a bit, making my legs follow along since I had them on each side of her thighs. I felt exposed when I felt the cool air stroke my pussy.
"You promised to be a good girl, so now I want you to focus on eating and not let anything distract you. Can you keep your promise?"
"I think so."
"Try your best, dear."
It only took seconds until I felt a foot reaching out for my clit. I looked up in shock at Naomi, that was now opposite me, and I gasped. Her blonde bob was still tangled from sleeping.
"Do you like it?" She said casually.
Do I like what? Her pancakes or her foot playing with my clit?
I heard Floras's voice in my head telling me to focus only on eating.
"Yes, they are yummy!"
My robe caressed my nipples, the food on my tongue made it worse, and now I had a foot on my crotch from the sadistic Princess across the table.
"Good. Do you want more?"
I honestly didn't know what she referred to. More of her rubbing or more pancakes?
I heard Flora's voice again. To only focus on eating.
"Yes, but not six."
"Really? I thought you enjoyed them? Or was it something else you enjoyed that you want to share with the rest?"
"No-no! It's not that! I'm just full."
"We should continue until your tummy is filled then."
I couldn't stand the rubbing anymore; it was torture sitting in Flora's lap, being fed and devastatingly horny.
"No more..."
"No more what?" Flora asked
Did she know what was happening? I hoped she didn't; she wouldn't let Naomi be so mean to me!
"Pancakes."
"I think we all can agree that you don't need anymore."
"She should eat something with more nutrition. More than banana." Eliza said.
"I don't like vegetables," I said with the confidence I should have had.
"I didn't say vegetables, did I?"
"No... but it was the first thi..."
Naomi looked at me like I was a maniac. She was shocked that I had said I didn't like something so delicious as veggies.
"What are you? 3?" she interrupted.
"Naomi! Be careful! I don't want her out of little space!" I still didn't know what that "little space" was. Little what? What space?
"I have researched something exciting for almost a month now. Something that could both benefit her and us. Something I know she already likes and something that we all have plenty of". Angelica sounded proud.
"What do you mean?" said June curiously.
"Pussy juice!"
I almost choked. All around the table, I heard laughter. I didn't laugh, though. I did not like where this was going.
"That's nutritional? For real?" Naomi said while still laughing.
"Yeah! It has most of what one needs to function, especially when you don't need that much energy for your brain anymore."
"Does that mean I don't have to cook for one more mouth? Instead, open my legs and have her eat me out? And she will survive but just get dumber? Sign me up!" Naomi seemed to like what she was hearing, clearly excited, possibly horny.
"Technically, yes. But I want her to eat with us too; she is already a picky eater, like who doesn't eat veggies; she has to learn to eat a wider variety than cookies, gummy bears, soda, and pussy," said Angelica.
She said -pussy- like that honestly was something you could eat.
Well, she wasn't entirely wrong. I loved pussy! I never had a girlfriend; I never lived with a girl I had sex with, and mostly I just had one-night stands, probably because I didn't dare to look them in the eyes after we had sex. Sex was good when it happened, but after? Oh boy, I could barely think about it. It was shameful in a way.
"We can continue her diet conversation during the meeting; now we have something to ask the rest," Flora said while holding both my hands in hers. "You said this morning that you didn't like fabric over your nipples. So we agreed to ask the rest about something, didn't we?" she said close to my ear.
"I don't think I remember that," I whispered so only she could hear. I was so embarrassed over my lousy memory.
"You asked -what about my nipples? How can they be so sensitive that I had to take off my pajama shirt to sleep? I hate fabrics on them! Can I pleeease go topless around here?-" she used a higher-pitched voice to sound more like me. She didn't sound like me one bit, though.
"I said we would have to ask the rest if that was okay for them and that you would need a robe at least during breakfast."
None of that was true. Well, the conversation never happened but what she said was kind of true. It was like she exaggerated it by a thousand percent.
"And then, when we cuddled, just like you had asked me to do with you, you got annoyed and kinda rude to me because I held my hand on your boob. You asked for cuddles! Isn't that how you cuddle?" she asked while looking for support from the rest.
They all nodded in agreement; cuddles were about hugging and laying close to another person. Groping wasn't included in that, I was sure.
"I think it's fine if she goes topless," Naomi said. "She should learn that we can touch her when we want"
No one had anything other to say than that it was okay.
"Then you and I should go up to your room, change into some clothes, and when we come back down, we need the little family meeting."
"But I really needed her for my coffee!!" said Naomi annoyingly.
"You two should have a competition of who's the most impatient. We will be down in ten if she's not going to fuss over her outfit." We were already on our way from the table. The rest had coffee left and didn't seem to be in a hurry. What about their outfit of the day?
We walked up the stairs, past my door where it stood "Little one" in wooden letters, and into a door next to mine. I've never had a walk-in closet in my entire life, so it's safe to say that I was stoked the first millisecond in there. Then, my overjoy quickly changed into a cold shock. There was a white-painted bookshelf right in front of us, filled to the brink with adult diapers in every color. There were drawers on both sides and hanging clothes above those. On our right, there were dresses, skirts, and jackets. On the other side, warmer knitted shirts and adult-sized onesies. Clothes that would be able to make any adult look adorable and kid-like filled the whole closet.
Flora took out white socks with frills on the cuff with sticky little hearts to not slip and fall on the sole. Then she took out white cotton panties from the panties drawer; it was just that I saw that something was wrong with them. She had simply cut a small hole for my clit, which was big from the beginning and got crazy big when I got horny.
"Put these on first; they should fit you perfectly." I still hadn't seen my clit. I was scared and nervous about what I was going to see.
They fit perfectly, and the hole was just in the "right" place. My clit stuck out a good bit. I was ashamed like a little dog and couldn't do anything but stand still and behave while Flora suddenly grabbed my clit with her thumb and forefinger to inspect it. I stood still, not knowing what to do. She started to caress and reach along my clit so that, to my horror, I felt how I began to involuntarily get very horny and stiff.
Luckily I still had the robe on. Not for long, though.
"Let's take your robe off, honey; I need to see how it looks."
I let it slide off my shoulders into Flora's waiting hands. I couldn't look down. She put the robe away and squatted before me to see better.
"It doesn't look like it's too tight or too loose. We will call it your clit hole, and we have it there, so your growing clit won't be harmed by any fabric that sits too tight. It needs to be free, but we can't have you go around the house and wet every surface you sit on."
I didn't even dare to ask where all my old clothes were. I couldn't see any of them while I looked around. Did Flora even throw away all my lingerie? But I loved them! She couldn't have?
The panties looked pretty modest; they covered my ass and a bit up my stomach. They would have been ordinary if it wasn't for the clit hole.
To my white cotton panties and frilly white socks, she took down something that shocked me for two reasons. First of all, it was either a long top or a concise dress. It went down over half my ass and made you glimpse my clit all the time, making me very nervous. And the other thing was that it covered my nipples. What happened with the whole "going topless"- thing?
"All done! I think you look adorable! Here, take a look in the mirror; go on!"
I turned to the door where a big mirror was hanging on it. Then I looked up at myself for the first time since I left my apartment. My hair looked like one on a troll, super frizzy, light brown, a bit on the thinner side, but that only made me look more like a kid. I had been so happy that my hair was finally longer than my shoulders, which had taken me years. My eyes were piercing blue, and I saw how scared and humiliated I felt in them. I was blushing and realized that I bit on my lower pink and full lip.
The dress was adorable, I could lie about that, but I would never leave the closet with it on without force. It made me look shorter, smaller, and more fragile. I wasn't thin, but not chubby either. Just an ordinary dull girl that was now dressed like a toddler.
I was happy the shirt-dress didn't exactly show my clit as much as it felt like it was. That's until I moved just a little to realize that it constantly touched my clit in an insanely teasing and exciting way. One move or step could make my clit rock hard. But then, I saw it made a little tent on the shirt dress to my horror.
I turned around and looked Flora dead in the eye.
"What are my options? Is there anything longer? There has to be, right?"
"Most of your dresses are this long; we need to be able to see what is going on down there as easily as possible. For your safety." She said calmly.
All of these women talked a lot of bullshit. I was getting tired of it. All I wanted to do was rub my clit to a freakishly hard orgasm and return to my apartment.
She forced me back around to face the mirror, and then she started playing with my nipples outside the dress. She moved her hands lightly, and it was insanely frustrating. I couldn't stand still, but I got a sharp reprimand and a sharp pinch through the fabric that made me squirm. I felt them getting stiff. Without a bra, anyone could see them poking out from the material.
"I have not forgotten about your poor nipples; just a few strokes on them makes you shake. Of course, you shouldn't have to walk around with this awful fabric over them all day?"
Out of nowhere, she grabbed the fabric, pulled it out a few cm, and quickly took a pair of scissors from a box and cut off the small tent she had just created. She was dangerously close to one of my nipples, so I screamed in fear, but she just missed it. Then she did the same on the other side.
The holes weren't perfect, but she achieved the effect she sought; my small nipples now protruded and seemed very attractive to Flora. Soon her hands were back again, and this time she had a little lube on them so she could circle my nipples in the middle of the palm, around and around and around and around. It was so enjoyable and horrendous at the same time that it flashed through my whole body, and I felt how all the blood rushed to my pussy and made my clit blood-filled to the max. I saw how it somehow grew even more through the mirror, which made me insanely ashamed. I was blushing hard, and I had to look away.
It didn't get any better when Flora whispered in my ear that I was a dirty little girl who could not control herself just because she touched my breasts a little.
"Please stop; I can't take this; why are you doing this?"
"Be a good little girl and show me that you don't lose control just because I caress your little breasts," she whispered. "What if the rest of your new family saw you with that huge clit sticking out of your panties! You wouldn't want that, am I right?"
She caught my eye while I shook my head and then moved her hand down so she could bring up my dress a little so that my clit was even more apparent. Everything went so fast. Suddenly I saw it. It was a clit still, but it was too long and extensive. So grotesque! I hated the look of it! Why was I even horny? Why did all of this make me even hornier?
I possibly blushed, even more, when I noticed how it stuck so weirdly far outside the hole in my panties. It was crazy swollen and red, and it felt embarrassing to show up like this.
Flora's perfect and feminine hands covered my boobs precisely. But just for a moment more.
"Look at me, girl!" she brought down her anointed hand and touched it so that my clit made small circles inside her palm, just as my nipple did a few minutes ago. Again, the feeling made the horniness explode, and I could barely stand on my feet anymore. It was like my whole pussy was burning, especially the top of the clit.
I felt her soft breasts against my back. Even though I had other things to think about, it made me a little bit (if possible) hornier to know how her soft breasts pressed against my body. Yet, at the same time, the fingers of one hand still played with my one nipple, and the other tormented my clit. I felt some intense emotions and felt like I was about to lose consciousness.
Just before I fainted from the burning sensation between my thighs, she released me so that I took a couple of stacking steps backward and was close to falling when her breasts no longer supported me from behind, and her arms no longer held me upright.
"Now we don't have time for play anymore," she said dismissively, and I felt both abandoned and grateful that she no longer tormented me. "I also have to get dressed before the family meeting. You can sit on the couch now; I'm done in three minutes. Can you wait that long on the couch?"
I nodded and went out to the giant sofa in the living room in front of a turned-off T.V. Behind the couch was a small space; along the wall were large windows facing the backyard. In the middle was a large glass door, and I could not help but to try and open it. But, of course, it was locked too. It would have felt so lovely to go out on the beautiful balcony.
I didn't really know what to do. The panties were already completely soaked, of course, so I would need to change, but Flora had told me to leave the closet where all the panties were. My horniness had not subsided. I longed to caress myself and cum, but I knew it wouldn't work.
"I am sure I said: Sit on the couch and wait." Flora was too quick to change, and now she stood in a pair of light green yoga leggings and a nice oversized t-shirt. I quickly turned around, embarrassed. While doing so, the dress flew up, revealing my panties.
"You might have thought that three minutes would take an eternity? What about your perception of time? Hmm? Still bad, I can tell."
"I'm sorry, I didn't realize that you specifically wanted me to sit on the sofa; I'm right behind it, Flora..."
"I specifically mentioned you sitting -on- the sofa, not standing in front of the balcony door. Now come on, we don't want to be late."
I wondered if it was only our closets and bedrooms that were on the upper floor. Because when we got down and into a bigger living room than the one upstairs, the women all sat fully dressed. I tried hard not to show my clit or my nipples. I wanted to cover myself so bad.
"Let us see," Eliza ordered. And from behind me, Flora said spookily close to my right ear that made me jump: "Be a good girl like you promised; there will be consequences otherwise."
"Lower your arms, sweetheart," Angelica said.
I did, slowly, exposing my nipples.
"Creative!" Naomi laughed. "They are so small yet so puffy; I can't wait to play with them!"
"Who said anyone could play with them? They are mine!!" I snapped at her again; I hated how she had the guts to say stuff like that. Somehow it didn't take much for her to trigger me. It was true; she didn't have a filter.
"Actually, according to the contract, we own your body, my dear. You have no right to say that to Naomi. Apologize right this second, or you will face serious consequences. See this as your first warning" Eliza sounded so stern; gosh, she made me so scared of her.
I looked down at my feet. It felt like I stood naked on a stage, all chained up and with no way to hide.
"A warning? It was me she snapped at; I want consequences," Naomi said. Her smile was gone; it had somewhat transformed into an annoyed and evil grin.
"Very well, but first we need to see the girl's clitoris, and then we can begin with the meeting" by that, Eliza closed the little argument and made eye contact with Flora. "Please, go ahead and help her. She is not going to do that herself."
Then Flora lifted my so-called dress to reveal my clit even though she said she wouldn't expose me to the rest. How many tomatoes were I up to now? This didn't happen to me; this was all a bad dream. I closed my eyes hard and looked again. Still at Hidden Haven, still in front of four gorgeous women and one behind me. I couldn't understand how my safety person betrayed me. What happened to the kind-hearted Flora that saw me as her little sister?
"Holy. Mother. Of. God."
"Are we sure it's still a clit?" Naomi asked.
"It sure is, it might have a weird length and width, but it most definitely is a clit and works just like one. It might be hard to rub it, though; she will have to get used to stroking it."
"Speaking off, you are aware that you are not allowed to touch without permission, right?" June asked me. "We will know if you misbehave."
I still couldn't look away from the ground; my eyes needed to be a bit higher up to avoid having my clit in my view. I raised my shoulders to communicate that I didn't know that.
"Well, now you know, yes?" I could feel June's eyes penetrating my soul. I nodded in reply, and Flora let go of my dress.
"I want to go now," I whispered out.
"She said she wants to go," Flora said.
"Every part of the family has to attend our meetings. It's for all of our safety. Please, sit." I looked up to see where June had patted her hand. It was far enough away from both Naomi and Angelica. Even Flora sat far away from me. In the cough, I had June next to me and next to her, Eliza. The sofas were standing opposite each other with an elegant table made of oak in the middle. June looked like summer; Eliza looked like a mean principal or a strict teacher and just based on that, I was happy to sit next to June and not Eliza.
"First of all, welcome, Jessica," Eliza said, and the family meeting began.
"We are all so happy to have you here. We are all well aware of your last six months and the condition you are in. A lot that we do here and how we treat you is based on that because we know what you need. We also need something in return from you. You don't have much to give instead of rent, do you?" Eliza looked over June, that sat back on the sofa so Eliza could see me better.
"I could work?"
"We all know you have regressed way too much for that. You can be a little helping hand, sure. I bet you could have fun helping June in the garden, for example, or somehow help Naomi in the kitchen."
"Sure, she can help me! And she will. Any way I want to be helped." Naomi answered.
I had no idea where to look. I fidgeted with my fingers and stared at them and only them.
"But that won't be nearly as valuable for us as all the other things we will have you do." Eliza continued.
June took one of my hands to stop the fidgeting and held it tight.
"We want sexual services from you, honey."
"Why do you have to say it like that? We want you as a sex toy, honestly," Naomi said with absolutely no filter.
I knew it probably stood somewhere in the contract. I knew we went through every page, but my brain couldn't handle that much information. I also knew I had no choice; saying "no thanks, you psychos" wouldn't get me anywhere.
"But, why?" I dared to ask.
"Are you serious? We are all lesbians here, and we are dominant to the core. It was the first thing mentioned when Angelica asked if we could bring you home and take care of the poor little girl." June said, shocked almost.
"Of course, we needed something in return. You have no money, no job, no life experience, nothing! Angelica was very determined that we would become your family, and this is the cost," Eliza continued.
"We all bring something to this household. My paycheck is huge and we rarely have to go to the hospital because of me; Naomi loves to cook and is like a personal chef here; June takes care of our massive garden, and Eliza is our security person and constantly keeps us safe. Flora is the smartest person you will ever find, and her paycheck isn't small either, let me tell you that. So what's missing? A pet? A cleaning lady?" Angelica explained.
"We don't care about that, Naomi is allergic to pets, and we all don't mind cleaning together. What we don't do is sleep with one another." June almost looked disgusted, like she couldn't even imagine sleeping with her roommates.
"Do you remember what I told you about how we see you? Angelica has always wanted a daughter, I have always wanted a little sister, Naomi wants to be treated as a princess, and you would be her toy, and Eliza wants someone to boss over, teach, and feel respected. June has this fantasy of you being a poor little girl, and she is a beautiful rich Lady."
"But that's all just fantasy, right?" I asked.
"No, it's as real as your throbbing clitoris, dear," Eliza replied. If anyone else said it, then it could have sounded like a joke. Eliza was dead serious.
"I don't get it; what's the point? Can I just be your girlfriend or something then?"
Naomi almost fell off the couch laughing; Flora raised her eyebrows like she was thinking, "well, this is awkward," Angelica looked at me like she felt as sorry for me as one would do to a hurting animal.
"What...? I don't understand..." I got offended by their reactions.
June turned to me; she smelled like flowers and shampoo. "Oh, honey, you poor little child. I'm afraid you aren't girlfriend material; you are much better suited as a little whore."
"A little what?" All these words and names they used were really not okay.
"A disgustingly horny and desperate little kiddo."
"You called me a whore"
"No, I didn't, I said -little kiddo-"
"Would it be so wrong then to call you a whore?" Naomi asked. "You haven't had a relationship, and you have fucked all the bisexuals and lesbians in your old town. Sounds like a whore to me?"
That woman got on my nerves so badly.
"I want her consequence now for acting up, as part of her new diet." Naomi didn't ask permission or anything from the others. It was more like: "I'm getting hungry, let's eat."
She got up quickly, walked straight to me, and took a firm hold of my hair. I had no choice but to stand up and follow her back to her place on the other sofa. She sat down, parted her legs, and pulled up her tight, short, plastic pink skirt. Then she pulled me down between her legs, so I was five cm from her hot and soft pussy. Everything happened before I could blink, and I gasped. While doing so, I could smell her horny pussy.
"Get used to this; she is tirelessly horny. But apart from you, she can get satisfied. So go on, satisfy her while we all watch," June said.
I hesitated; I had licked so many pussies in my adult life but always with consent. I didn't want to sit with my knees on the fluffy rug while staring at a pussy that belonged to a woman that I hated.
"In the future, this won't be a punishment; it will be your life, your food," Naomi said right before she pressed my head into her wet folds.
She was waxed, completely smooth, and had the most petite pussy I've ever seen. If that wasn't a porn-pussy I didn't know what was.
I ended up in shock and didn't know if I would get more horny or terrified or both. But she quickly dispelled my doubts.
"What are you waiting for?" she asked. Start licking; I'm not going to stand and cook your lunch horny and frustrated! If you don't start in a second then THIS will be your lunch."
I tried sticking out my tongue. She tasted divine. Sweet and a little salty. Her taste made me wild! I wanted more of her juices; no, I needed more of it!
I was fine eating her for lunch, I tried what felt best for her, to flick her clit, to suck on it, fast, slow, lick up the juices, wide tongue, thin tongue.
"Omg, yes, finally! I have been waiting forever! Lick faster, you little cunt! That's it! That is fucking it! Yes! Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes!"
Naomi was quick about having an orgasm, or maybe it was just my strong and fast tongue that was just what she liked to have between her legs. A sex toy.
Not only did I have my tongue in her pussy before I had time to understand what happened from the time I sat on the opposite sofa next to June to then be buried deep into Naomi's pussy. No, she also came right in my face. When she came, she grabbed my hair and rubbed her pussy against my face without worrying about sticking to my mouth. Right there in the living room. My face got covered, and I needed to scrape it off just to eat it.
She was easily one of the prettiest girls I've ever licked. Of course, all five would be the most beautiful ever. I suddenly felt lucky.
Naomi pulled my head back, still holding her hand firmly in my hair so that she could make eye contact.
"Good. Little. Whore" she mocked me while dragging my head to the left and the right with every word. I was about to cry, but I wasn't sure why. One part of me felt joy, another felt so horny it felt like torture, a third was humiliated to my core, and a fourth was thankful. Naomi had said I did well. Naomi was so kind to me.
"Now go and sit at the stairs and wait until we adults come and get you, we need to discuss your diet," Eliza said firmly. "Go on!"
With my eyes stuck on the ground, I began walking out of the room.
"Good, she enjoyed that way too much for it to be a punishment," Naomi smirked while I was walking away in shame to the staircase.
"Yeah, we noticed that. We should change her panties; they must be soaked." June stated.
I could still hear them. I stank of pussy juice. Mine didn't smell as good; it wasn't my pussy juice I wanted; I wanted theirs! Naomi came too quickly; she didn't give me time to enjoy her taste.
"If we give her child-size portions she will always be a little hungry" Flora started the diet-conversation.
"That's good. She connects being hungry with needing pussy, right?" June asked.
"Correct. But as I said during breakfast, I don't want her to be a picky eater, we have to give her food she might not like." Angelica said.
"As long as she gets as hungry as she just was with my pussy then I'm gonna be so happy" Naomi said.
"Everything for a happy and satisfied Naomi!" They all laughed.
"If she doesn't eat then we all have to be strict with punishment. Right now she is probably so bored, that's a good punishment for her. She hates that feeling." Flora said.
"Do we have a list of what she doesn't like?" Naomi asked. "It will be a pleasure to see her being forced to eat and when she fails I will get satisfied.
"Naomi, forcing her to lick your cunt won't be a good punishment, she is addicted already. She will only learn that it's okay to not eat up" Angelica answered.
"Fine... but I want to do the punishments for when she doesn't eat up! I made the food you know."
"Guys I really need to get going, it's getting hot outside" June interrupted.
Then I saw her go out, probably to the garden. Flora walked into what looked like the bathroom. Naomi didn't leave; she was still in the same spot, looking at her phone. I heard Eliza's heels as she walked into a room out from my view. And I didn't care what Angelica did.
I didn't know what to feel. It felt good to have all the emotions, and being horny wasn't bad as long as it was a normal kind of horniness.
I felt like a kid being in time out. I didn't know how long I would sit and wait, though. I had no idea if 5 minutes went by or 45. Since when was both my memory and perception of time this bad?
I made a thin little braid on the side of my head. I missed my phone; I hadn't seen it in days.
Suddenly I saw Angelica walking toward me.
"Hello, little one, you look bored."
"I am bored, and I don't want to talk to you" I didn't even look at her.
"Are you still having memories from that bad dream Flora talked about? Do you want to talk about it?"
"I wanna see the whole house. Every room. If I see a door, we walk in there."
"Did the dream occur here at home?" she seemed curious, or she could have just acted stupid. She looked down on me, talking to me as a child, her daughter.
"Yes, I know it was here. And it wasn't a dream! It was too real!"
"If that will make you trust me again, then sure, I'm ready when you are."
We walked into every door I pointed at. Even the bedrooms. Naomi's was on the ground floor; it was ninety-inspired but not in a tacky barbie style. She had taken inspiration but made it her own. Pink and silver seemed to be another theme. She had so many cookbooks sitting on a metal bookshelf, it was crazy. It sure wasn't an O.R.
Eliza's room had a Scandinavian style. Super clean lines, soft light wood, beige and white, and some black parts for contrast. It was spotless but still no O.R.
We also walked into their closest, into a bathroom, an office space where Eliza sat at a computer.
"She is not allowed in here." Eliza didn't even look at us; it was like she could smell me.
We went into a hobby room, the kitchen, living room, a storage room, and the blue-striped room Eliza and June had been reading the contract in. But none of them was the room Angelica tortured me in.
"That's it downstairs. Would you like to go up?" Angelica asked; I nodded.
"Please hold my hand while we walk up the stairs; you can let go as soon as we are up."
"Not happening" I refused even to touch her.
"Then we won't be going up the stairs."
A little devil must have flown into me because I started running up the stair, but I didn't make it far until she grabbed my arm hard.
"DON'T you EVER do that again, young lady! You are to hold hands when walking up and down the stairs. RUNNING the stairs is forbidden. Understood?" Angelica was not happy at all. I froze, my heart pounding. I nodded slowly. "I am doing exactly what you want, and this is how you thank me? By scaring me to death?"
"Please let go of my arm..."
"Get down the stairs. We are not going up there until you are ashamed of yourself." I wasn't ashamed, just angry and scared after the yelling.
June came back inside and saw us standing at the bottom of the stairs.
"What is going on here?" She looked at my arm, which had gotten red from Angelica's grip.
"She didn't want to hold my hand when we went up. She wanted me to show her all the rooms here, and when I didn't let her go up without holding on to me, she ran up a few steps."
"She did what now? Did you really, little one?"
I felt my bottom lip starting to shake. I felt tears swell in my eyes.
"LET ME GO!!!" I screamed and cried and tried so hard to get her off of me.
"I'm not letting you go until you have calmed down. I know you will run up the stairs as soon as I let you go. I'm not going to let that happen. I have not worked so hard for you to disrespect me like this". Angelica didn't joke around. She was going to hold my arm as long as it would take. And she was stronger than me.
"Why is she screaming!?" Naomi asked, annoyed. I had disrupted her precious phone time.
"She is having a tantrum," Angelica answered calmly.
"Jeez, I can tell. How hard can it be to do as you are told?" Naomi looked at me now, wondering how I could be this stupid.
"Naomi, please. You are triggering her." It felt good that Angelica was on my side, in a way. She still didn't let go, though. I also didn't want any more attention from the rest.
"I'm sorry! I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry! Please just let me gooo!" I cried hysterically. "I'll hold your hand!"
In less than a second, she let go of me. I was just about to run up anyways, but I had three people watching me. I looked at the ones on the floor and then at Angelica's hand. She held it up to me as to invite me to hold it. I did. She was warm and so soft. She didn't hold too tight. It almost felt comforting and wasn't as bad as I had imagined. I cried silently with snot running down my nose as we walked up hand in hand. My clit rubbed against the dress and my thighs. My nipples were erect from the cold, and my cheeks were burning from all the tears.
Behind us, I heard June's voice:
"Don't forget I need to take a look before lunch! And can you please change her panties? She stinks!"