He backed the car out, and it was then that I noticed a group of men standing nearby. I looked out the window and a few of them waved, smiling as we pulled away. My God! Had they been outside when I had been sucking his cock? My bare pussy had practically been shoved against the window! While it was a bit of a fantasy of mine, I never thought I would actually be able to have sex in front of strangers. But as my fingers played over my clit, I thought about those men watching my weeping pussy hump the air while I sucked a huge cock down my throat. I moaned as I started to feel myself ready to come. "Back to earth, sweet girl." He wrapped his fingers around my wrist and lifted my busy hand away from my grinding pussy. "No orgasm until I say so. Fuck, you're wet."
"I will let you come, though. When we get to my place, you will start coming and you will keep coming until you can't move. I am going to slide my cock home into that hot little pink cunnie, sweet baby. You are gonna fuck every last inch, aren't you?" I nodded, mesmerized by his smoldering green eyes, dark and filled with straight lust. "Yeah. You are my sweet little angel, just ready to fuck. Keep moving those hips, honey, show me how you like to fuck big dicks." I was dripping cream at his hot words again, arms raised above my head, lip between my teeth, and my hips were indeed grinding against air, trying to fuck an imaginary cock. "Almost there, sweet pussy. Then You'll get what you need."
He drove like he did everything else. No wasted movement, precise and steady. We soon entered a trendy neighborhood near the city that featured garden condominiums. He pulled into the garage of a 15-story brick building and cut the engine. Turning toward me, he ran a hand up my thigh and played with my clit, flicking his fingers lightly over the tortured bud. "We're home, angel. Now, you are mine. I want you to stay for the weekend. I will make sure you don't regret it, and you will be safe. But you will stay naked when I want and wet when I say all weekend, ready to fuck. Is that what you want?" Jesus. I nearly came right there in his suede bucket seat. I moaned and he felt a rush of cream on his fingers. Chuckling, he scooped up my juice and rubbed the lube all over my bare pussy. "I guess this is my answer. C'mon baby doll. Inside."
He swung out of his seat in a smooth single move and came around to my side of the car. After opening my door, he reached in, and slowly unbuttoned my blouse, staring at me with hot eyes. Nudging the edges of the silk aside, he bared my hard nipples to the night air. "Keep these tight little pieces out for me to look at, honey-cunt." He pinched my right nipple and then took me by the hand and helped me out of the car. As I rose, I slid against his hard chest and even harder cock. He didn't hesitate to pull me against him and grind my aching clit against his hard-on, making me moan. He pinched my ass, followed it with a hard slap, and then stepped back just as I was about to come. Guiding me by one hand on my bare ass cheeks, skirt hiked up, he led me toward the elevator.
"I don't know your name." I looked up at him, curiously not ashamed that I had not asked before now.
He pushed the elevator button for the 15th floor and turned toward me, placing his hands on the wall on each side of my head. Pressing into me with his hips, his gaze became bright with heat. "You first." His whisper was like a tongue down my spine.
"It's Annika. Nikki for short." My breath was choppy, laden with need.
"Well, Annika, my name is Cord. Sir for short. Now let me hear it on your sweet red lips." He gave my clit a nudge with the thick end of his cock through his jeans. "Say my name, Annika."
With the next grinding nudge of that talented cock-head, I half-sighed, half-moaned his name like a plea.
"Coorrrd!" His eyes burned with heat in response and his mouth sealed itself over mine, sliding and sipping with hot need. I moaned into his mouth and sagged against his thigh, now wedged between my trembling legs. His hand rose to play with my left nipple, pinching and rolling with just the right amount of pressure. I whimpered, and his mouth left mine to lick and suck at the tight bud. My nipples grew impossibly longer and my pussy wept with cream, soaking his jeans.
"God, you're so fucking wet, babydoll." He nibbled and licked at both of my nipples, reaching around to finger my weeping cunt from behind. "Are you ready for your big cock now, sweet girl? You've been so good." He lifted me up with both hands on my ass and lined my pussy directly with his cock, throbbing visibly even in his jeans. I looked down and watched him grind the long ridge against my swollen cunt lips, and the erotic sight sent me over the edge. I came hard, moaning and shuddering, his name on my lips in a breathy surrender. Meeting his eyes, I saw his tight control snap, and he barked, "Unbutton my jeans. Do it now, Nikki."
I reached between us and pulled at the soft denim, feeling the fly give, releasing his long cock, hard and brutal looking, weeping with pre-cum. His jeans dropped to his thighs and with one long slide, he found my cunt and buried himself balls-deep. I moaned again, tightened my thighs against his hips, and instinctively raised my arms above my head in surrender. "That's my good girl, take my hard dick, honey. I love the way you take everything I give you. You're such a good little fuck-doll, baby." He reached up took my wrists, held them wide against the wall, making me feel stretched and open. My tits shook with each breath, and I ground my hips in a silent plea. He chuckled softly, "Ok, patient baby, now we fuck." On that final word, he began to thrust. Hard. Deep. Jesus. I felt my girl-cream running down my thighs as I lost my mind to the feeling of his hard dick sliding roughly in and out of my needy cunt lips. I don't remember when I started cumming, but it seemed to last forever. I heard voices, elevator doors whooshing closed, but didn't care. The only thing that mattered anymore was his perfect cock, the perfect rhythm of our fucking.
"God, Nikki, Yes, baby. Stay with me. Jesus!" With a final shout, he shot his hot jets of cum deep inside my pussy, adding to my cream and sliding back down my thighs in tiny bursts.
Slowly, he slid his semi-hard cock out of my cum-filled cunt and lowered my legs. He stood, cupping my ass and sliding his fingers in and out of my pulsing pussy. "I wonder how many of my neighbors saw me fuck this pretty little girl-cunt?" A half-smile lifted his perfectly sculpted lips. I tried to work up some sense of shame, but I was lost in his world, the thrill of knowing that other people had seen me in such a wanton state took me out of reality. "Time to get upstairs, little wet pussy. You can shower. I will pour some wine. Then we fuck again." He sucked my nipple. "And again." He flicked his finger across my clit. "And again." Stepping back and buttoning his jeans, his gaze swept over my wet thighs, my exposed tits, and settled on my mouth, wet and kiss-bruised. "Yeah, little Annika, we definitely have a lot of fucking to do. And lots of places to do it."
The elevator doors opened again, and a group of couples heading out for the night stepped out. The two young men, looking to be in their early twenties looked me over, gaping at my titties, and my ass showing from the hiked-up back of my skirt. Cord smiled a devil's smile, took my hand and pulled me into the elevator. As he leaned against the wall, my back to his front, he wrapped his arms around my middle, pinching a nipple in each hand. Looking over my shoulder at the stunned group, he kissed my neck and looked up. The last thing the horny group of partiers saw as the doors closed was his hand sliding down between my thighs......
To be continued...