Janet Martinez was curious how things would go with the new CEO of the Wall Street firm. She had met him a few times before. She had also heard about his reputation and lavish lifestyle.
As she entered his office, she wondered what exactly he wanted from her. Maybe the new boss was interested in meeting with everyone on the corporate legal team. It was a nice gesture, she thought. Her pessimistic side wondered if this had to do with the boss eyeing her legs and backside a few days ago.
"Ms. Martinez!" the CEO said with a big smile, extending a handshake. "My new favorite lawyer. It's a pleasure to have a private meeting with you."
Janet beamed right back. "The pleasure is all mine."
"My apologies. This will have to be brief."
"Anything, sir."
They stood face to face, while the CEO still held onto his phone after having finished a call. Janet wasn't surprised to see her new boss leering at her. As it turned out, the guy lived up to his reputation. Besides, for their first professional meeting, Janet made a point to look sharp. Isn't that what people are supposed to do? She always wore a skirt and heels to work, which apparently was to the boss's liking.
After getting a good look, the CEO was curt. "The current dress code. Are you familiar with it?"
Naturally, Janet was offended. Did her boss just critique her skirt and heels? It's standard for office women!
"I'm familiar with the general guidelines," she said politely. "But I haven't read the official policy, if that's what you're asking."
"That's exactly what I wanted to speak with you about. Official policy. Dig it up, and I'll need you to change it."
Janet nodded. "I can do that. What did you want?"
The leer returned on her boss's face. Once again, the CEO openly gave her a look-over, with his eyes returning to her legs for a brief moment.
He sucked in plenty of air. "Loosen the restrictions a bit. Let's say, skirts don't have to be as long, they can be shorter. Maybe pantyhose won't be required. Heels are fine. You know the rest. Arms are okay to bare."
Their first meeting, and this is what the boss chose to focus on? Janet knew what kind of man this was. She had dealt with this attitude plenty of times in the world of big law. Power players, she realized, were entitled to everything because they can afford everything.
The only difference now was that she was dealing with the main boss. Being a lawyer, her poker face was on-point and she was ready to play ball.
"And for the men?" she asked, hoping the boss would get the hint of the double-standard.
He thought for a moment. "Sure, men can go without neckties on Fridays, but the blazers and slacks are required. Good shoes are a must."
"Understood, sir. I'll get right on it."
"Excellent. I knew you were a great attorney the moment I laid eyes on you."
She forced a smile. "Thank you, sir."
"Good. After you're done, make sure the new guidelines are distributed around here. We're expecting some new employees."
"That sounds interesting. I didn't realize that new hires were being made."
The boss smiled. "We're squeezing in some extra help. Some of our employees could use the support. It's nothing to worry about, really."
As they shook hands, Janet had an ominous feeling about these plans and her new boss. Having worked corporate law for years, she knew trouble when she saw it.
But being a closet exhibitionist at heart, she wondered where this would all lead. Of course, as one of the prominent attorneys in the firm, she had to look the part, so she had to maintain her high standards of dress. But a woman can always fantasize about showing off her body to her colleagues.
***
After a few weeks, it became an open secret that managers had frequented strip clubs, taking clients and loyal employees with them.
The bigger open secret was some of these managers had the audacity to actually hire these strippers as their secretaries! Others were given menial jobs to 'help' out around the high powered firm.
Worse, to Janet's dismay, some of these women were given jobs in the coveted legal department. According to one of her colleagues, a judge in court had asked one of the women, "Are you a defendant?" Janet's jaw nearly dropped in shame hearing that story about how a judge actually thought their new employee was an escort on trial.
Nonetheless, she kept on with her duties. She had spent a week with her staff preparing a report for an upcoming acquisition, and as usual, she personally carried the file to a new Director who had made the request.
With her usual poise and confident demeanor, Janet took the elevator up a few floors with the report in hand.
She walked past a myriad of talented employees. Along the way, she passed a few skirts that seemed way too short for a company of this standing. It made her cringe to think that she had some involvement with the declining standards.
When she approached the office, a skinny young blonde in a tiny dress had just left and closed the door. There was a mischievous look on this new employee's face as she fixed her top.
"Is Roger alone in there?" Janet asked, trying to be polite when they were near each other at the doorway.
The young woman pursed her lips and nodded. "Mmm hmmm."
"Oh, well, I have a meeting with him."
Inexplicably, the young women extended her tongue. It was covered in what clearly was a man's cum. The woman seemed unabashed by this, and when she brought her tongue back into her mouth, she gulped it all down and swallowed.
"I already took care of him," the woman said, licking her lips clean with traces of cum still on her tongue. "Oh, did you actually mean work or something, like a job?"
Janet tried to brush it off. "Roger's expecting this report from me."
"Nice! You must be smart. See you around."
The young woman smiled as she headed off with a sultry walk.
Janet took a moment to compose herself before stepping into the office. Her deepest suspicions were confirmed. Upper management were actually getting sexual favors at work! They didn't even have the decency to wait until after hours.
After a deep breath, she entered the office, closed the door, and for the first time in her legal career she had a meeting after knowing something sexual had just happened. The Director stood by the window looking out into the view, still dazed after his intense orgasm (as evident by the mess in the younger woman's mouth).
She placed the file on the desk and stood next to him.
"It's all there," she said. "My legal analysis is on the table. The acquisition deal looks solid."
"Hmmm... that sounds good."
"Snap out of it, will you?"
Roger took that advice and shook his head clear. "Sorry, I was... ummm... thinking about something."
"Your little friend, or whoever she is, was nice enough to show me what was in her mouth. I bet you're relaxed. She looks pretty, and skilled at wherever she was doing, which was on her knees I'd imagine."
He blushed. "Oh, that. I needed the relief. I'm a busy man, you know."
"No worries. So, there's your memorandum. You requested a meeting with me. Did you want to go over it, or would you like me to leave you alone so you can enjoy the service you just had?"
"There was something, actually. Something besides the legal report."
"Yes?"
"I reviewed your resume," he said, managing to turn serious. "It's impressive. We're very lucky to have a lawyer like you."
"Thank you, sir."
"Your resume stated that you taught business and professional communications before."
"I was an adjunct professor while I was a young attorney," Janet explained. "I taught a variety of communication courses in my younger days."
"What exactly did you teach, in regards to business?"
"How to write memos, letters, and reports. Legal writing. How to give speeches and talk effectively. Anything that can make a person presentable in an office place."
Roger looked her over. "I can tell. You lookverypresentable. You're one of the more presentable employees of this entire firm."
"Thank you, sir."
"The reason I mention is because we have a number of new analysts and employees working here. Guys who are brilliant with numbers and making money, but when it comes to professional communication, they're unsophisticated. You know how a lot of millennials are; emails are brief and written like text messages, and their reports are just as bad. Communication is a lost art."
"I agree with that," Janet nodded. "Sure, I suppose I can give a few pointers to whoever is interested."
The Director smiled and turned around to face the desk. He briefly flipped through the report.
"I suspect a lot of people will be interested," he said. "But only if you make your tutorial more appealing to the average financial analyst here."
"Meaning?"
"Let's be honest. People around here work long hours and there's a lot of stress. They'll need motivation."
"Doing better at their jobs should be enough motivation," she said firmly.
"I know, I know. But you understand men. With the new dress code and everything, there are additional ways of motivating them."
Janet's ears were officially piqued. The new leadership of this great firm had taken a drastic turn in recent weeks. But this? She was absolutely positive that this new Director had lost his mind.
"You want me to wear less?" she asked bluntly.
"Not just that. Let's be honest, Ms. Martinez, you probably have the best set of legs in this building. And don't even get me started on the rest."
"Say it," she dared him. "Go on, I won't be upset."
He suddenly looked bashful. "Your bottom. You realize that men comment on your posterior all the time, right? I'm sure you hear the whispers."
By pure instinct, Janet's butt clenched so hard that she stood upright. Her bottom had long been the source of her insecurities as a woman. Back in college, she knew it was always grabbing attention and she had to adjust her clothing as a result. As an office worker now, she was always mindful of the shape of her posterior. It was the reason she preferred wearing office skirts; her bottom would be less noticeable (if that was even possible).
And when she went to the gym, she purposefully avoided doing too many reps for squats or spending too much time on stair-climbing machines. Her butt would become even more shapely and would stand out even more than necessary.
Now, as an older, more assured woman, her butt was a source of sexual self-confidence. She learned to take pride in having a stereotypical Latina ass. She loved taunting lovers with it in the bedroom, shaking her bottom and wearing tiny outfits on occasions. She loved having it admired.
Just not in the workplace!!!
"What does my bottom have to do with anything?" she asked. "I'm a lawyer. If you want me to teach younger employees about legal writing, I'll do that. But my body has nothing to do with it."
"Well, like I said, Ms. Martinez, it's a motivator. Trust me, these guys are stellar when it comes to making money, but they're cavemen in a lot of ways. We need them. They're the life-blood of this firm. It's in everybody's best interest to make these young guys into great employees."
She crossed her arms. "Do you realize that I could file a lawsuit over the comment you just made? I get the feeling that your good friend the CEO knows about this too. Shall I ask him?"
"No, because we'll make you the Chief Legal Counsel soon. You know the top lawyer is retiring next year, right? Well, who better to replace him than you? That is, if you're actually the most valuable lawyer in this firm."
Janet lifted an eyebrow. The thought of a promotion like this made her eyes light up and her cheeks blush. She had long thought that her brains and speaking skills would make her one of the top lawyers in the city-- not her legs and ass!
"I'd be interested in that job," she said after coming to terms. "I can handle it, too. I'm more than qualified, and I know the ins-and-outs of corporate law."
He smiled. "Of course you do. You have a stellar reputation around here. Now, like I said, we need you to polish up our newest guys, and to do that, you'll have to look the part."
"Look, I know how to teach. And I know how to get attention. Let me work my magic with them and it'll be like college for these guys."
Roger looked her over like a fashion designer would, with a critical eye.
"The CEO and I agree," he said. "You need to perk up, in accordance with the new dress code that you helped enact."
"Oh? What about it?"
"Hmmm... Your skirt is a bit too long."
Janet nearly gasped. Her skirt was down to her knees! It was a standard cut for any respectable office woman.
"In other words, you want me to dress like a stripper," she said. "Like the secretary who just sucked your dick a few moments ago."
He smiled, "Angela? She works hard and shows plenty of head-strong dedication, if you catch my drift. Something you should try a little more. Now, aside from the shorter skirt, you'll need... hmmm... let me see..."
Once again, Janet watched his eyes examine her legs, searching for any possible improvement. She froze in utter shock when the Director got on his knees before her. She had no clue what was going on.
In a casual pace, he reached under her office skirt and pinched at her panties, pulling them down to her ankles in one swoop.
"Step out of them," he said, pinching the white panties around her ankles.
In any other circumstance, she would have slapped him the moment he put his hands under her skirt. But it was so brazen and 'professional' that she just complied with what he was saying. Maybe it was the fact that a big promotion was looming that Janet was in such a daze.
He handed the panties back. "There you go. Keep that someplace safe, so no one sees it."
"Thanks." She blushed, snatching her panties back and shoving it inside of her jacket pocket. "Can you explain to me why you just removed my panties?"
"Turn to the side."
Janet automatically complied again, feeling betrayed by her own body so that the Director could make a quick inspection.
"It's much smoother," he said, looking at her butt. "Without panty lines, your natural shape is more prevalent. Do you have any shorter skirts?"
She turned to face him, to cover her butt. "This is as short as I go. Knee length. Appropriate."
"Actually, you helped change the dress code. You can go a little smaller. In fact, why don't you have the rest of the day off? I'll review the memorandum and you can go shopping for something smaller. At night, come up with a lecture plan for our employees. Oh, and don't wear any panties tomorrow either."
Janet felt slightly bewildered. "I... okay. See you tomorrow then."
"Thanks sweetheart," he smiled. "I knew we'd make a great team."
Her buttcheeks were still clenched from nervousness, and she practically left the office on tip-toes like a ballerina. It was her first time going around pantyless and it was certainly an interesting experience.
***
The next day. The elevator door opened and Janet stepped onto the office floor with her new heels and short skirt, which was riding up her thighs. It was breezy outside, which left her exposed pussy quivering. Her butt was quivering too and she tried to walk naturally.
There was even an extra perk in her step, since she had been masturbating all night thinking of the potential ramifications to this. Eyes roaming up and down her legs made her excited. Gazes at her pantyless short skirt, hugging her tight bottom made her wet.
The only downside was that she'd certainly lose the respect of a few men and women in the workplace over her smaller choice of outfit. Oh well, at least she'd land her dream job out of this.
Her other legal duties were delegated to her colleagues. After briefly swinging by her office, she felt like a professor again, a job she hadn't done in many, many years. Only this time, she'd be guiding younger men in sharp suits, who already had budding careers in a lucrative field. Most of all, she'd be doing so knowing that their gazes and attention would be on her prized bottom.
The first session (or whatever it was) happened in the conference room, which had walls made of glass. It was an open plan floor, so everyone in that department could see everything. The men were all seated around the conference table as she handed out stacks of papers that she had typed up the night before.
She gave short lectures on how to write like a legal pro, and whenever she wrote something on the board, she'd notice eyes going down and up. They had all been staring at her ass whenever she turned around. It was something she would have likely scolded them for, had this happened any other time, but now, it seemed to be part of her job.
"Use these templates," she said. "I've used them for years as part of my work and they've never let me down. The key to organized writing is..."
She froze mid-sentence, which was rare whenever she spoke in official capacity as a lawyer. But she had good reason.
From where she stood, she saw one of the new 'secretaries' on the other side of the department through the glass wall, on her knees giving a guy oral. It was blatant and seemingly in full view of everyone else, although this mystery woman was kneeling compactly beneath the guy's desk.
Janet cleared her throat and returned her attention to the room. "Excuse me. As I was saying, the key to organized writing is coherent thoughts that are neatly arranged. Always have a plan before you write, whether it be an email or a report."
"I can't think coherently for some reason," a smart-ass who was sitting in the back commented.
The group of young employees snickered amongst themselves and Janet was nearly fuming. After all the work she was doing for them, they paid her back by a comment on her ass?
"Then maybe I'll let your boss know," she replied coldly and calmly. "It's only fair, don't you think? After all, if you can't concentrate on a simple task, then maybe this firm isn't for you."
Her snide remark seemed to work, and the young employees kept their heads down, away from her tiny skirt. Suddenly, her sense of embarrassment over the tiny skirt turned into her source of strength. Her brains and status as a lawyer had won in the end (or so she thought).
Sometimes good really does prevail, she thought.
*
She dismissed the group so they could return to their official jobs. Still feeling emboldened, she locked eyes on the group of men, wondering who would stare at her ass first. None of them did. The threat of reporting them to the boss had worked wonders. She could only imagine the power she'd wield if she finally became the top lawyer for the firm.
But there was something else she had in mind.
As everyone else left, she looked through the glass wall. The woman on the other side of the floor had just finished her 'oral duties.' It was obviously another stripper who had been given a fluff job around the office for personal enjoyment. She could almost tolerate men getting blown in their offices or someplace private. But on an open space floor? It was a bridge too far.
She marched out of the conference room with the intent of confronting the woman, who now sat on the desk, socializing with the guy who was now cleaning his cock with tissue, before tucking it away.
Ironically, she had to be mindful of her march. If she took wide steps, her tiny skirt would hike upwards and her ass and pussy would be exposed. She did the next best thing and used her hands to hold her skirt down.
"Can I talk to you for a second?" Janet asked the salaciously dressed young woman.
The woman looked confused. "Ummm... sure."
Janet ignored the guy and took the young woman down the hall where they'd have more privacy.
"I'm Lilian," the woman said, offering a handshake.
Janet looked down at the hand. At least it was dry, but there was no way that she was going to shake hands, not after knowing that Lilian had been sucking and stroking a cock just a few short moments ago. What was even more depraved was that she could smell hot cum from Lilian's breath.
"We're in an office," Janet said firmly. "Not a strip club. Not a brothel. Please don't feel offended, but this is a prestigious firm."
Lilian's jaw dropped. "Excuse me?"
"You understand exactly what I'm saying."
"I'm the new stress-management consultant. You don't get to judge me. What, you think you're better than everyone around here?"
Janet rolled her eyes. "Did Roger hire you?"
"Yes, after a recommendation and a personal review," the young woman said with a fierce attitude. "Who the hell are you, anyway?"
"The firm's lawyer."
Suddenly, the young woman's tenacity turned into a sly grin, eyes rolling up and down Janet's body.
"A lawyer, eh?" Lilian giggled. "Did they teach you to dress like that in law school?"
Janet's power was gone, and suddenly she became acutely aware of her tiny skirt and pantyless bottom. Her superior high ground had disappeared.
"It's the new dress code," Janet blushed, making up a fast excuse.
"Hmmm... You know something, this makes a lot of sense. A spicy little Latina chick with a great ass. Are you Janet Martinez, by any chance?"
She gasped, wondering if there was gossip. "How did you know?"
"Just something I overheard," Lilian said with a coy smile. "I was providing my stress-relief to Roger and I heard him say something about... hmmm... let me see... what was it? Oh right! Something about fucking you in the asshole. He theorized that you must have a tight asshole based on your personality. Gee, I wonder why. Anyway, have a nice day, Ms. Martinez."
The young woman gleefully strolled down the hall, not knowing her breath smelled like a man's cum, and Janet was left wondering what plans upper-management had in mind.
It took her a good minute to digest the situation. When no one was looking, she reached under her tiny skirt and wiped her labia. She looked at her finger. There was wetness.
***
The next morning. Janet's skirt was so short, that when she sat on the chair, her bare pussy and asshole were touching the seat. There was direct contact with her skin and she had to get used to it.
"Tone it down," Roger said, after finishing up a call with someone else. "You're supposed to guide the younger employees, not threaten to fire them. We need them!"
"Understood," she replied, swallowing her pride.
"I got an email from one of them early this morning, and it looked professional. I like that. Whatever you taught them, it worked."
She smiled, "I'm glad. I passed on a lot of good information."
"It shows."
"Does this mean I'm done with that group?"
"Not yet," he replied, with his eyes drifting down between Janet's legs. "I see you've taken the new dress code to heart."
She instinctively pressed her legs tighter. "It's not like I had a choice. But yes, I'm a team player, you could say."
"Good. I'll need you to do another presentation for these guys on their business communication skills. Who knows, if this all works out, I'll have you doing this more often for more of our young employees. Consider it a side job. Beats doing legal work all day, doesn't it?"
She pursed her lips. "Actually, I love my job as a lawyer. And standing in front of a group of guys, half-naked from the waist down, isn't my ideal job."
"Hey, it's working. Feedback is great. They love you."
"With all due respect, they love my ass," she clarified. "They spent more time looking at my rear than looking at my handouts."
"Results don't lie. Speaking of which, I'll be sitting in on your next tutorial. This, I have to see. The results have been spectacular and I hear you look great as a teacher."
Janet forced a pleasant smile. Was everyone in the office going to admire her bubble butt? If these writing tutorials were to continue, she'd be pressured to keep wearing these tiny outfits. And with no panties!
If this were just a fantasy, she'd be cumming every night. But this was real life and her reputation was at stake.
"I met a woman named Lilian yesterday," she randomly mused. "Do you know her?"
Roger genuinely looked surprised, and by divine intervention on his behalf, his phone rang.
He picked up his phone and read the screen. "I have to get this. I'll see you in the conference room."
"Yes, sir."
Roger's startled reaction was all the proof Janet needed. It was official. Her boss wanted to fuck her asshole.
***
Her next lecture with the group of men felt more formal, since Roger was sitting at the other end of the conference room this time. She tried ignoring him and focused on the task at hand.
Eyes still drifted to her legs, and whenever she'd turn around, she'd notice that the group had been staring at her ass. It was a strange thing to get used to, but she managed.
"A bit more on legal writing," she said, reading off a paper and holding an erasable marker. "I'll put some notes on the board. Pay attention."
A voice suddenly shattered her concentration.
"Ms. Martinez, I think you're losing your audience," Roger said. "Look around you. Attention is starting to drift."
It was her first time being admonished in front of a group of people while doing a presentation, and the worst part was, she couldn't defend herself against the boss.
She gulped. "Oh, well, this is almost over."
"No, you're doing a great job teaching legal writing. Finish what you're doing, but make it more appealing. When you write on the board, lift your skirt a few inches higher. Trust me, all eyes will be on the board."
She gasped. "Are you sure?"
"Positive. It's a learning tool."
Janet could see the leers and excitement coming from the faces of this small group of men. The fact was, her skirt was already tiny enough. A few more inches upwards and the bottom of her ass would be showing!
Nonetheless, this was almost over. She turned to face the board, took a deep breath, then lifted her skirt. She could feel her bare butt exposed to the group. She could hear a few groans from the men, lusting after her round ass.
She moved along and wrote her notes on the board. She was certain no one was reading what she wrote. All eyes were on her bottom, for better or worse.
When she turned around to face the conference room, she noticed everyone still looking at her bottom area. And as she was facing them, their eyes were now focused on her labia! She could feel her sex exposed in the front.
She considered pulling her skirt back down, but a stern look from Roger warned against it. So she stood before the group with her pussy lips showing.
"This is how you command attention," Roger said, proud of the vaginal and rear view display. "You see, now you have full command of everyone."
She stammered, "I... I see that it's working."
Her eyes went around the room, towards all the happy faces. Incidentally, she looked through the glass wall and saw Lilian, on her knees again, just like yesterday. Lilian was sucking the same guy's cock, while the guy spoke on the phone. Apparently this was the new 'normal' for their prestigious office.
"Distracted?" Roger asked.
Janet snapped out of the trance. "Sorry, I... something had my attention for a moment."
"See, this is exactly what I mean. Lack of focus. Lack of discipline. Together we make a kick-ass firm, but that only works if everyone is on top of their game."
Never had Janet been scolded like this before as a lawyer. But she had an excuse! She wanted to direct her boss's attention towards the obscene and lewd cocksucking that was happening on the other side of the floor. Her eyes returned to Lilian's sucking once again.
How could that be happening, but then again, was she a hypocrite since her pussy lips were exposed beneath her skirt?
Roger snapped at her. "Ms. Martinez, have I lost your attention again?"
"Sorry sir, but I think there's something you should see. It's..."
"Is it more important than the employees in this room?"
"No, sir," she said, sheepishly shaking her head.
Roger stood up and approached her, leaving Janet to wonder what the hell was going to happen next. When the Director stood beside her, she seriously considered pulling her skirt down. An exposed pussy is no way to greet a superior, at least in her mind.
"Bend over," he said firmly. "We need to show our financial employees what happens when the chain of command is broken. Also, we need to show them what incentives are available if they succeed. It's a highly successful system, our research shows."
Janet gasped. "What?"
"If you'd like to become the Chief Legal Counsel, lay your chest across the conference table. Do it now."
As if walking around the office the past two days in a tiny skirt, then showing the bottom of her ass and pussy wasn't enough, now she was being asked to endure the ultimate humiliation. Was this really what she thought it was? Was this really going to happen?
Wanting the big promotion, Janet laid her chest on the conference table. The table was hard and meshed against her breasts. The eyes in the room remained locked onto her. This was humiliation and embarrassment at its finest.
The stakes had never been so high and Janet was in awe of what she was agreeing to do. Going from public exposure to getting her ass fucked in front of a small crowd of employees was a big leap. Even the most career-oriented woman draws the line at some point, but it takes a serious exhibitionist to cross it. Janet, as it turned out, was that exhibitionist. Her pussy had never been so wet and she wondered if anyone could smell her aromas.
Roger spoke to the group of young male employees. "Let this be another lesson. Ms. Martinez wants a promotion, and she'll do anything to get it. That's the kind of attitude we need around here. Tenacity. Motivation."
She felt her skirt being lifted all the way up and tossed over her lower back. Her boss pushed her ankles apart, which spread her asshole to him.
There was a *clicking* sound behind her, like a cap had been opened. Then she felt a cold substance pressed against the ring of her anus. Had the Director carried a bottle of lube with him for this very purpose?
She grimaced in pain when her boss's fingers penetrated her tiny brown hole, coating her asshole with lubrication. The fingers roughly slid all the way inside and she felt even more humiliated, as everyone saw the look on her face, knowing where the boss's fingers were.
"Remember," he said. "Be like Ms. Martinez here. Do whatever it takes to close a deal, no matter the cost."
The fingers suddenly pulled out and Janet's ass felt relief, with lube giving her asshole a wet, slippery feeling.
That feeling was short lived when she heard an unzipping sound and then the Director's hands spread her ass cheeks apart. She was going to be fucked there! In front of this group!
Her pussy clenched with excitement as she tried to relax her posterior muscles. Yes, she wanted this. Badly.
She gasped when the head of his dick pressed against her anus. Her entire body turned stiff when the cock pushed against her tiny brown hole. She was penetrated and her heels stood on tiptoes when her feet moved.
"Relax, sexy," the boss said to her, stroking her long dark hair. "We're showing the troops that persistence pays off, and that hard work is rewarded. Also, that you have the best ass in the entire firm. Maybe if these employees earned enough money for us, they'll get a chance too."
The cock slowly pushed and slid its way up her asshole, making her mouth gape open, with deep breaths going in and out. She inhaled hard when the cock went all the way, and Roger's crotch pressed against her butt cheeks.
The sweaty palms of Janet's hands pressed flat on the table as she endured the first thrust. Her boss slowly withdrew himself before pushing back in. This was anal fucking at its finest.
Shamefully, she glanced around the room when she was able to muster the courage and saw the look of lust on everyone's face. They were all dying for a chance to fuck her asshole as well.
As she was being pounded, she wondered if her boss was serious about sharing her asshole with the group. She imagined these new employees taking turns with her ass once their job performances had met certain goals. It would certainly be a motivator for them. And it made her horny as hell.
"I'm going to fill your asshole, Ms. Martinez," the boss grunted. "You don't mind, do you?"
She squirmed, with her body rocking back and forth. "No... oh god..."
Her eyes clenched shut from the pain of the anal fuckfest. When her boss reached below to rub her sensitive clit, she was close to a powerful climax. Roger fucked harder and harder, making her toes curl inside of her heels.
She stammered, "I'm... I'm going to squirt!"
It was yet another humiliation to admit that. Now everyone in the conference room knew that she was a squirter. After today, she knew it would no longer be a secret. Soon, the news and gossip would spread about her pussy squirting talent, in addition to her public anal fucking.
"Bad girl," he groaned in delight, fucking even harder. "Who knew that my favorite lawyer is a squirter? From receiving anal of all things."
The thrusts in her asshole became ferocious and the fingers rubbed faster too. Her knees buckled when she squirted on the carpet. She cried out loud, not caring that everyone saw her face in such a twisted and defiled way.
When her orgasm subsided, she heard the boss moaning behind her, and her asshole began to fill with his cum. It was a surreal feeling. It tickled almost and it felt like her rectum was being lubricated all over again.
Finally, the boss slowed, with his softening cock buried snugly inside her ass.
"That, is how you earn a promotion," Roger said to the group. "If any of you work hard enough and show dedication to this firm, then maybe you can have a chance at Ms. Martinez's ass too."
Janet's asshole felt empty and hollow when her boss pulled himself out, and he followed that with a slap on her round ass.
Mortified, she stood up and faced the group. She was certain her cheeks (on her face) were blushing a bright shade of red. Everyone in the room was lusting after her, certain to work harder.
Her eyes shifted to the glass window of the conference room. There was another guest, it seemed. Lilian, the office cocksucker, had been watching this with a gleam in her eyes. Lilian blew her a kiss, and Janet felt more embarrassed than ever.
Through the glass, Lilian mouthed the words, 'Lucky you.'
Janet pursed her lips.
***
Months later. The company was in the midst of a major acquisition and Janet, as the new Chief Legal Counsel, was tasked with briefing select members of the Board of Directors.
"There may be an impending lawsuit," Janet said in a private conference room, reading a report while she was bent over the table. "Butwe should be clear and free of that. I've added provisions in the contract which will protect our assets, should the sale go through."
Janet accidentally made a squeaky noise with her mouth when the cock went all the way up her ass. The CEO was in a fantastic mood over the acquisition, and Janet's anus bore the brunt of that. She had become the new office favorite.
"I can sign off on this," one of the Directors said while smoking a cigar.
Lilian was underneath the table working her 'stress-management' on the Director, while another Director was getting the same treatment from Angela.
"Ms. Martinez," another man said. "What can I say? Your reputation is stellar for a reason. Thank you."
Janet inhaled deeply while being sodomized by the CEO. "You're welcome, sir. I... oh god... I always strive to do what's best for this firm. And... oh.... we have a great team of legal minds."
While the other women continued to provide their oral relief, Janet enjoyed the heavenly pleasure of having her ass fucked while others watched. This was her new favorite. As much as she wanted to enjoy, she also had a job to do, so while the CEO was pounding her ass, she grunted and moaned out a small summary of her report for them to digest.
It wasn't much longer until the CEO came in her asshole, filling her rectum with hot cum. When he pulled out, Janet handed her boss a tissue, and she used one inside of her butt.
"Lovely new skirt, by the way," the CEO smiled, while wiping the sweat from his forehead, then wiping cum from his cock with the tissue.
She smiled while fixing her outfit. "Thank you. All part of the dress code, right?"
It was noon when the meeting was over. Janet had a lunch appointment with two lawyers in her department. They had reservations at a fancy Chinese restaurant a few blocks away. Not wanting to be late, she hustled out of the main lobby towards the street.
To her luck (or lack thereof), there was a massive gust of wind as soon as she stepped out of the office building. Her skirt blew upwards, with air breezing across her wet pussy and between her cum filled butt cheeks. Janet had never gasped so hard in her life as she struggled to keep her quivering bottom area covered.
The End
Special thanks tomacktoshand Pumpkin for their editorial work.
Your votes & comments are appreciated.