Monday morning snuck up on Gavin Reese. His slumber troubled by the ladies in his building. Two women he had grown fond of were bruised up. A third he could only envision being roughed up, having not seen actual proof. He knew he should mind his own business but he felt obligated to defend these women. In a sense he was the man of the house. Being the only male in the building. Having tossed and turned since 5:00 AM, he got up and made some instant coffee. All he had was a pan of hot water to make a harsh reality. Black certainly opened his eyes. Having done a bit of grocery shopping last night, after having dinner with Ginger and the girls from the band Milkbone, he at least managed eggs and bacon. Eying the tacos in his refrigerator, having gone untouched since Isabella's benefactor Blake Stavros shoved them at him, his concern that the prick might have spit on them, he left them sit. A reminder that he needed to leave Isabella alone as well.
Out of the frying pan onto his only full plate, Gnarly filled his belly. At least he had a toaster to make toast, if not forgetting the butter. Egg yolks saved the day. Uncertain what to do next he decided to take a hot shower. Within the steams mesmerizing effects, he recalls his bathing with both Isabella, and his landlady Naomi. His first few days in Chicago was filled with eventful meetings. Everywhere he turned there was a new beautiful woman in his sights. While lust and damn good sex was keeping him busy, his need to play his guitar on a stage had an equal desire. He knew he was on the right track accepting Ginger's job offer of being Milkbone's roadie, driver, and bodyguard. Being in the field would undoubtedly invite new connections. His day was coming, even if it was a day at a time.
Pondering on Crystal Balou's predicament, he recalled her job at the nightclub Barbarians. Maybe he should check it out on his own, without Crystal to make introductions. Her not being there he might learn a few things concerning her and this Cop that was stalking her. Of course, dealing with an elusive Officer of the law might put him in hot water. Speaking of, his water was getting cold. A chill breaking his trance.
Drying off he wraps a towel around his waste. Killing thirty more minutes he found himself going stir crazy. Getting dressed he decides to get some fresh air. Sun just coming up he heads out the back door, shades atop wet hair. Inhaling the morning, he steps over to his Harley and tinkers a bit, checking oil, and plugs. Moving then to his Jeep to do the same. Satisfied things were good, he drops the hood and rests his back against the grill. More soul searching crept over him like a devious fog.
Thoughts on the loan officer at his bank, the drop dead gorgeous Edie Mooney, he realizes he should call her, and ask her out. Funds low however, he frowned at not being able to offer her much of a date. He didn't want his first real date in Chicago to go down as him being a cheap bastard. Sadly, his first few checks were already spoken for. The record store was part time and parking alone was going to eat that paper. Ginger had given him his first $400.00 as an advance on Milkbone's Naperville gig. After buying groceries and Vicki Chow a new bicycle he was back to being broke. At least helping Naomi Carpenter fix up the vacant apartment's he might catch a break on his next rent payment. Still, he owed her for buying him home furnishings. Maybe not.
"Well hell."
Eying his Harley he again considered using it as collateral for a reasonable personal loan. Shaking his head with his eyes lowered he realized that alone was a red flag for Edie Mooney to know he was broke as broke got. Out of the question he sighed. He wasn't selling it either. That bike had history. Maybe Pinky's hat on the curb idea had merit. Starving artist on a street corner whoring out his guitar strings. Could be worse. Sad thing was, looking for a third job was going to interfere with the band. He couldn't just dictate his schedule to an employer.
"Someone steal your hairbrush?"
Looking up from his depression Gnarly spots his neighbor Regina stretching for a morning run. The African American beauty wearing tight black leggings and a grey sports bra. She eyed him with concern.
"Morning." He managed.
"Why you moping while your guitar gently weeps?" She smiles.
"Just realizing my life's in gridlock. I'll figure it out. You got a minute?"
"Sweetie it's gonna take more than a minute to satisfy me." She flirts wryly.
"I'm worried about the girls. I ran into that Blake guy last night. Threatened me, telling me to stay away from Isabella. We're just friends, unless you wanna call her my housekeeper." He sighs. "Looks like a mobster."
"Might just be one. He works at the DA's office. Consultant I hear. Daddy's spoiled little rich kid."
"Great! Crystal walked in on our testosterone fest. She's all bruised up." He admits.
"Awww hell." Regina moves closer leaning on his Jeep's drivers side fender well, arms folded against the early morning chill. The nipples were wide awake.
"How much do you know about Crystal's social life?"
"You getting all fuzzy inside on our girl?"
"Just concerned. Badboy lookin' out for the good girls. You included should you ever need me Reg."
"I'll keep that in mind Biker boy." She winks at him. "Crystal keeps to herself mostly. Either driving folks around, or pouring drinks for party animals."
"I think one of those animals tried to maul her last night. Know so actually."
"Not good. She tell you this?"
"Probably shouldn't be telling you this. Not my business. Yours neither."
"That's not true. We're a family here. One of us gets hurt, we all hurt. Fill me in concerned citizen."
"Bouncer from Barbarians. He's also a fulltime Cop."
"Daaaamn! Cops around here stick together. If she's in trouble it's probably going to get worse."
"Right! So how do I help her?"
Shrugging after a moment of thought on the matter Regina reveals their only option. "Be supportive as best we can. I won't let on you told me about this. I'll keep my eyes open and if I see her needy, I'll slip under her radar. I know that's not much help but, for now that's all we have to work with. Live your own life Guitar Man. Don't sing everyone elses blues."
"What about Isabella? Someone should check on her. She could be hurt and hiding it. Blake reminds me of the abusive type."
"Her being here in the states illegally doesn't help."
"Wait! Izzy told me she had a green card."
"Not true. She's playing it safe, until she knows you better. This Blake guy keeps her here, pays her bills, feeds her. Better life than what she had in Colombia. If not bordering on slavery." She rolls her eyes, "We all know how that nasty bit of history went."
"For what it's worth the only cotton I own are T-shirts." He grins at her like the devil.
"Burn 'em like a rebel flag." She sneers playfully. "I knew that country boy feel, painted you into a barn."
"Bored off my ass right now. Mind if I join you on a jog?"
"Wearing that get up?" Regina sizes up his boots and jeans. "I'm doing five miles. Gonna keep up or start wheezin' just around the corner?"
"Guess we'll find out. Run around the block while I get changed." He grits his teeth suddenly. "My tennis shoes are by Vicki's door. Give me two laps around the block."
"Hurry it up, Sweet Homie Alabama."
"Iowa. More into Slipknot." He chuckles, leaving her with a pat on the shoulder.
Running in step until he entered the back door, Regina shakes her head once, thinking to herself, "Mmm mmm! Might have to reconsider givin' the boy a run for his money. Lil' rough around the edges, but he's got promise." She had no clue who the band Slipknot even was, presuming he was gonna trip over untied shoelaces.
Changing swiftly he puts on a pair of knee high black shorts, a gold and black University of Iowa t-shirt, and thicker socks. Pinning his hair back into a tail he leaves his keys, wallet, and cell behind on the dinette table. Taking only his ID and a $10 bill should he need it. He wasn't worried about anyone entering his apartment, not even Isabella, now that she had been banned from interacting with him by Blake.
Heading upstairs to the third floor, with his boots in hand, he discovers the new bicycle in the same position as it was. Putting on his tennis shoes, he replaces them with his boots so that Vicki knew he wasn't abandoning her. It was a respect thing he wanted to establish. He didn't know a lot about Chinese culture but he did know that respect was important. He had already concluded that she wanted more from life than her upbringing had instilled. Her desires evident if not fully realized. Shyness kept her grounded, yet on occasion she would test herself. Like yesterday after her bike accident. Letting him see her in her underwear while Heather Norton tended to her wounds. Nothing more, other than studying his reaction. Respect won out. Sighing at her door, he heads back down.
Reaching the first floor, he turns from the staircase toward the back door entrance when he hears a door open. Looking over his shoulder he discovers a face, and body, he hadn't seen before. Out of her apartment stepped Julia Lowe. He had to pause in step, considering her attire, and her cranky tone. She was mumbling aggressively, as she tip toed on bare feet from her door.
The redhead, with flawless milky white skin stood at 5'7, 135 pounds. Busty, but not overpowering at a 38C, sensually hidden behind a lime colored camisole. Tattoos of colorful butterflies, resting on thorny vines, trail from upper back, down her arms to wrap around her biceps. A few more larger tattoos of monarchs had lit upon both hips in a perfect arrangement. Tastefully ornate and seductive. Nipples peaking at the morning chill. Her lower half covered by a turquoise colored pair of boy shorts, that clung to her ass like they were painted on. Hair long and curly, as if Disney's Merida. Barefoot, she marches out without any concern of being seen in her undies. Stepping to Naomi's door she knocks, awaiting her landlady to rise. Immediately, he connected her appearance with actress Ashley Greene from the Twilight movies. Yeah, Gavin had suffered through those in his younger days, thanks to an old girlfriend. Even after a harsh workout earlier, Gavin's body realized this woman's sensuality. Her scent didn't help, it was like lavender in passing.
"Might still be asleep." Gnarly makes his presence known.
Darting her gaze toward the unexpected voice Julia smirks, "The neighbor stud I heard about, I presume?"
He lowers his chin while rubbing the back of his neck, "Now who might be saying things like that?"
Julia knocks a second time, frowning at impatience. Agitated she leans against the wall next to Naomi's door with folded arms. Facing Gnarly she sizes him up from head to toe. "Everyone. I can see why panties are drippin'."
With a pucker he nods, "Nice to know I have fans. Everything alright?"
"Toilet's leaking all over. I put towels down, but I don't want to let it go and ruin Naomi's floor."
"Bad seal probably. You shut the water flow off behind the toilet?"
"Wasn't aware it had one. Do I look like a plumber?"
"You have the crack." He chuckles.
"Save it for the stage Perv." She scowls playfully. He could see it in her sparkling eyes that she loved showing off.
"Oh yeah. The stripper."
"Dancer."
"Prancer. I can shut the water off until Naomi gets up. Just leave her a note."
"You the maintenance man now?"
"I've been maintaining a bit." He chuckles, meaning servicing Naomi, and the other girls in one fashion or another. "Unless I'm overstepping my boundaries. Just trying to help."
"Sure!" Julia abandons Naomi's door and strolls toward Gnarly like a stalking lioness. Her eyes mischievous as all get out. Opening her door back up she wiggles her ass at him, while casting a waving hand over her shoulder, with an alluring index and middle finger calling him in. "Follow the butterflies."
"Right behind you, Flutterby."
"Mmmm!" She expresses with brilliant green eyes.
He sighs, realizing Regina was still outside waiting. Hurrying in after Julia, he passes by her bedroom. A quick glance led to a visual, one he would remember for a spell. On her bed lay two other girls, both butt naked, and sexy as hell. One a brunette, the other a redhead like Julia, with shorter hair.
"Quit spying on my sister, and her girlfriend. Perv I swear." She eases past him to shut the bedroom door. "Barely legal sister, I might add. Eyes on my ass, and where it sits."
Gnarly didn't apologize, but he did take in Julia's cleavage, the second her back was to the sealed door, standing with her hands behind her back. She lingered there letting him absorb her beauty. As the tension stimulated the air she raises her right hand from behind her. A point of an index finger suggests Gavin toward the restroom. Smirking, he wiggles his eyebrows.
"Caterpillar's. They turn into butterflies.
She wanted to attack him at caterpillars, but remained centered in her hormonal urges.
"Victoria's secret hideout?" He jests after spotting an armada of bra's, and skimpy undies, dangling everywhere. Before crouching down to turn the valve off behind the toilet, he realizes how close she stood beside him. Julia took that moment to drop her panties and sit on the john without waver. Tinkling right in front of him.
"Dancer doesn't always have time to do the laundry. Besides, bad experiences with dryers."
"Don't go flushing until Naomi calls a plumber. Long as you leave the valve off you shouldn't have a leak." He turns the valve with a echoing squeak.
"Not shy. I like that." She wipes, then stands to pull her panties up. Gavin got a decent look at some red pubes.
"Goes both ways."
"So do I." She winks.
"Not what I meant." He chuckles, "Listen I have to go. Regina's out back waiting on me."
"Reggie? You...like..?"
"Friends. Not racist."
"I wasn't insinuating you were. She's just so...masculine."
"Because she keeps fit? Each their own. Nice meeting you Julia. Sorry about..." He nods toward her bedroom door.
"I should have closed it before I let you in. My bad. Kid sister needed a place to crash for a week. She and her girlfriend just got evicted from their loft. Thanks for the life preserver Sailor."
"Tell Naomi to go buy a toilet seal, I'll come by later to fix the dew pond."
"Handy." She arches her back offering him a tightened camisole forming around her tits. "I love a man who's good with his hands. Very...big hands."
"Awesome. I'll use this hand to say goodbye." He salutes her like a Sailor. "This hand I'll reserve for stuffing a dollar in your cleanest slingshot."
"Big spender, a whole dollar bill?"
"Don't knock it. Could easily make it two rolls of pennies." He winks, closing her door behind him. Julia felt jilted, but turned on all the same.
Outside, he found Regina tapping her foot on the gravel lot. She looked bitter.
"Ran into a snag. Met the stripper Julia, she was pounding on Naomi's door. Her toilet was opening up beach front property. I took the time to shut her water off before it ruined Naomi's flooring."
"I was about ready to leave you in the dust."
"I'm from Iowa I'm used to dust." He grins. "Ready to high tail it?"
"As long as it's not my tail you're looking at."
"How can I do that when I'll be thirty feet ahead of you?" He turns and bolts away. Regina drops her guard, giving chase. At the street Gavin heads east on the sidewalk. Looking back he spots Regina running west. Groaning he turns and gives chase. Catching up to her he did indeed admire her muscular cheeks dancing with each step. "What the hell Reg?"
"Quit eyeballing my ass, Corn Fed. Not my fault you were going the wrong way." She giggles grinning from ear to ear. Moving to her side he glares over with an evil grin. Regina cocks an eyebrow at his attitude. "Why are you all Squirrely today?"
"Just enjoying myself. I needed this. Stress levels high...TAIL IT!" He slaps her on the ass and takes off ahead of her. With a scowl she hisses, moving faster to keep up. At an intersection they're forced to stop and jog in step to avoid getting run over by morning traffic. Everyone was up and leaving for work. Just when traffic was really congested Regina smirks to herself. In a rash move she yanks his shorts down to his knees.
Commando, his beast dangled low. Before he could pull them up honks crowded the air. Women driving by laughing and drooling at his predicament. Waving at them he yanks them up.
"Dirty pool Swarze-"
"If you say the N word I'll bury your balls in your ass hole."
"Neggar. Geez! You think I'm that mean?"
Regina shakes her head distastefully, and bolts through a break in traffic. Gavin didn't catch the same break, having to wait for two more cars to pass. A young hottie, next in line, blew him a kiss, as she halted in the street to let him cross. Nodding with a warm smile Gnarly resumed his run in front of her car. The short haired blond wishing she had time to talk, yelled out her window, "I LOVE YOU." He held a hand to his heart, and waved goodbye.
Seeing Regina turn at the next corner Gavin notes an alley way heading in the same direction. Thinking he might catch up by taking a short cut, he bolts down it, barking dogs agitated by his trespassing near their territory. Ignoring them he leers between homes to see Regina he puts on the speed. He wanted to come out in front of her, catching her off guard.
At the end of the alley he turns, hoping his timing was right. Sweating up a storm under the exertion he reaches the corner before she did. Turning left to see her surprise he found himself shocked.
"FUCK!" Regina had turned again between blocks, heading down a side street. Cheated of a minor victory, he again had to wait on traffic before managing to cross. Once behind her again he notes something suspicious about her. Her leggings had been curled down over her waist revealing more flesh. Her butt crack peeking up over the top. Smirking at her tempting him to catch up he nearly stumbles on a section of upraised sidewalk. That was certainly unexpected, Regina taunting him sexually. Since meeting her the sexual tension wasn't visible. What had brought this on? Maybe her eyeballing his dangling cock on the street corner, had made her rethink things. She hadn't even looked back to see where he was. Weird!
Finally, in his rapid stride he notices her look back at him gaining on her. Her smile vivid, as she reaches behind her rolling her waist band even lower. Another few inches she would be offering him a full moon. He hadn't even had time to realize he had a sturdy morning wood coming along for the ride. Impossible not to obtain an erection chasing a hot ass. If only she wasn't so ripped. Her legs were twice the girth of his, upper body making his own toned structure look puny. Maybe that was what was exciting him. He had never considered a bodybuilder before. Let alone an African American beauty until recently. Jezabelle James his first ever. Certainly, worth exploring he thought.
Vanishing around another, corner, he trails her noting a lush green park in the distance. Regina knowing she had the advantage of nearly two blocks turned in step jogging backwards. He could see her belly and six pack abs all the way down to nearly pubic territory. Grinning mischievously, she flips him off just before lifting her top up over her breasts. It was a brief flash but enough to give Gavin the necessary fuel to run faster. Turning her back to him she resumed her run.
Cars driving by seeing this tooted at Regina. She waved and laughed at herself. Maybe she too needed to get some stress relief.
Heading into the park Gnarly lost sight of the fitness trainer. Upon reaching the tree line with a neatly invested sidewalk pathway he winced heavily. Another sprint deeper into the trail he wonders if she had darted through the bushes. "Where the hell did she go?"
Hearing flowing water he slows up to catch his breath. Curious he follows the sound, questioning why there would be a creek in the city. Park or not, he didn't realize this area of the city could even have such a thing. It couldn't be very large, the park was not more than three blocks in size. In his foraging he hears a muffled noise behind him. Looking for the source he sees a tennis shoe laying in the grass. Leaving the parted shrubs he picks up the shoe. He hadn't gotten a close look at Regina's shoes before , he could only assume it belonged to her. Standing up, the shoes mate pelts him in the back. Laughing at being struck with precision he realizes it had come from over the bushes.
"You an assassin Reg? Nice shot."
He takes both shoes with him as he explores the shrubs further, locating an obvious entry point he had missed earlier. Entering the brush he avoids being slapped in the face by low hanging branches.
"You taking a swim in the sewer system?" He chuckles. Once escaping the overhang he discovers a hidden world. A small pond with a fountain built into it surprised him. He had seen similar fountains on small lakes, as a feature in gated communities back in Iowa. Finding Regina's clothing bundled up on the ponds edge he looked about for the muscle bound streaker. Bubbles on the water gave him a clue as to her location.
Dropping her shoes next to her clothing he folds his arms waiting on her to surface. It only took a minute. Rising up with only her head and shoulders exposed she smiles at him.
"You coming in to wash off that dusting I gave you?"
"What brought this on? If I recall you said you weren't easy."
"I'm not. Gotta fight for this catfish."
Chuckling he kicks off his shoes and peels his socks off. Shirt pulled off he casts it aside. With a wince toward Regina he dropped his shorts and stepped out. From there he folded his arms and stood at the waters edge smugly.
"What are you waiting for?"
"Fishing pole's reeling ya in." He looks down at his magnificent rod. She lifts her chin with a thin smile. Eyes rolling at his insistence she swims toward him with a deadly expression.
"Bassassin?" He chuckles.
"Could be a piranha." She reaches shallow water and drags herself up, breasts now in full glisten. Nipples vibrant as bait. With a sensuous smile she curls her finger at him.
"Who's got the hook here? You or me?"
"Sink or swim."
"I can do that without smellin' like pond scum."
"This water's fresh Aquaman."
"Sure it is. Reelin'." He fakes having a reel next to his rod, twirling his fingers at her as if turning the reel handle. "Just look at the yummy lure, right there." He boasts, shaking his purple erection at her.
"Have it your way Fish stick." She surfaces up to her knees offering him a solid view of a short black pubic triangle cloaking her fishing hole. With a sly drop to her knees before him her mouth goes wide, both hands reaching up to collect his promising pole.
Stroking him with both hands she glares up at him with a sneer. Gripping him hard she drags him toward her and topples his weight on to her. Both of them fell back into the pond. Floundering in the shock Gnarly comes up for air hissing. She escapes him out into deeper water. The pond was only 8 feet deep at its center. Giving chase he catches her, both laughing at their realization that their stress relief was working.
"Should've known you pull a stunt like that." He shakes his head, pulling his mane back toward his ponytail.
"Is that what this is?" She grips his cock beneath the water, "A stunt?"
Shrugging with a pucker he agrees, "Does his own stunts. Guess so."
Moving closer to him she throws her arms around his neck. "Just so you know? I'm only doing this to get you out of your funk."
"Sure you are. You've wanted me since the day you met me."
"Woooo! Listen to that ego. I've never been with a white man before. I decided you looked like a first time for everything. Ever been with a black woman Iowa?"
Sighing heavily he breaks it to her with a wince, "About 7 hours ago." His admission leaves her stunned.
"Really now?"
"Sorry to break it to you like that. If you wanna jump out of the water floppin', I'd understand."
"Fishing trip just hit some rough waters, but I'm good. Who was this lucky Diva?"
"Drummer from the band Milkbone. I had dinner last night with the band, and their manager."
"Drummer have a name?" She remains close with both arms still about his neck.
"Pearl, but goes by Jezabelle."
"I see. Does Pearl dive like this?" She releases her grip and submerges, wrapping her mouth carefully around his cock, to avoid drinking in pond water. She sucks his dick roughly, squeezing his balls enough to make him offer a strained expression.
"Ringing the diving belle." He mutters. After an endurance of two minutes she surfaces for air, absorbing his thoughts. Before he could acknowledge his appreciation, Regina dove for another round. This time she stayed under longer. Mentally counting in his thoughts her breathing technique he knew as long as she had her mouth moving she was in no danger. That extra time brought on trembling in his legs. With an unexpected urgency he detonates in her mouth. She fed fiercely even afterwards. "Damn!" He admitted being impressed. A minute longer she releases with a bite to his crown that made him jump. Rising up she storms him with a kiss hat to his shock filled his mouth with his own jizz. Caught off guard he nearly chokes. Regina was a savage. Their kiss steamy, and dangerous. She bit his lower lip, drawing blood before ravaging his tongue again. With an unpredicted move she shoves him back and wades toward shore. Crawling out she drops to her knees on all fours, ass facing Gnarly.
"Who's reeling in the big fish now?" She snaps.
Growling at the beauty of that tight black ass, and juicy clam, he roars from the water like a needy Demigod dropping to his knees behind her. Lining his erection up, a snug nudge buries his whale deep into her cunt. Regina hissed like a cat, lowering her head at the rapid thrust. Hands rolling all along her wet backside Gnarly pounded hard. Collapsing forward onto her forearms to assist in supporting them Regina Cochran exhaled a gruff, "Fuck that pussy."
His job was to destroy her rough exterior. He needed to see her jaded guard come down, to discover the true Regina, not the badass her shell displayed. Slapping her ass wasn't the way to do it. Not that she didn't like his control issues, but it challenged her, Gnarly continued what he defined as bitch slapping. After his sixth hard slap she forces her upper body aloft. Catching him off guard she pulls away from him, his dick slipping free of her pussy. Launching herself backwards, twisting like a wrestler she tackles him. Her body weight was enough to stagger him into falling over. In a show of boss versus boss Regina throws her body forward over his and sits on top. Straddling his erection she sits down on it rearing her head back. That beefy crown struck her G-spot sending lightning through her hormones. Like a beast in heat she gyrated over his lap. Each time he attempted to reach for her breasts she slapped his hands aside with a sneer. The second he gives up she drops forward over him and smothers his lips in kisses. Still tender from drawing blood he fights back. Having a good thirty pounds on her even in her conditioned body he forces her over on to her back in a roll.
Missionary took over as he attempted to grab her ankles. She moved too fast for him, wrapping her legs tightly around his waist. Not realizing just how strong Regina was the missionary only lasted a measly eight thrusts. Still within her she rolls them again. Her hands snatching his wrists and pinning him to the ground. Legs locked under his spine she rode him hard, her thighs alive with constriction. This shit was making Gavin harder than he had ever been. He felt like Tarzan of the jungle, learning the ropes from the local Goddess. Who needed Jane?
Resistance futile he lay back looking up at her controlling expression. She was obsessed with her conquest. As her entwined legs loosened he allowed her space to straighten out over him. Her legs wide to each side of his she shocked him further.
"Are you seriously doing push ups over me?"
"Daily work out. Get's the heart pumping."
"Fucking doesn't?" He laughs.
"Enjoy it."
"Oh, I am. Might feel better if I could do the push ups over you though."
"Can you do military style?"
"One handed?"
Regina places her left hand behind her back and continues riding him while supporting herself with only her toes, and right hand under his armpit.
"How the hell are you keeping my dick in like this? Geezus!"
"Just gotta know how to give a proper head lock." She smiles finally.
"Soldier on."
Her eyelids flutter, as her brewing hormones inform her senses. "Getting close Aquaman."
"We're not in the water." He chuckles.
"No, but I'm about get your cock nice and wet."
"In that case." He puts his entire body into launching her back over on to her back. Before she can resist he snatches her ankles up and proves that he was tougher than he let on. Her legs ripped wide he rams his beast inside her cunt like a repetitive jackhammer. His forcefulness leads her palms up to the top of her head for a mental countdown to the inevitable. Her breasts although tight from musculature fitness still shifted about a bit. Her nipples like diamond drill bits.
Above her he rears his head back snarling. Like a beast of the veldt in his own right he lowered his head down until his forehead touched hers. Eyes locked, it made the final deep penetrations all the more pleasurable. Her fierce glare committed to his sneer of commitment.
"Cum in that cunt, Rockstar."
Against his better judgement his primal instinct took over. The King of Beasts let it reign. Feeling ever shot Regina hisses and claws up at his chest in her confinement. Feeling nails dig in he rears back. Pulling out of her in a web of jizz he tosses her over on to her belly while she was winded. Realigning his cock up to her anal cavity he reaches into her cunt for his own leftover lube soaking her before a deadly insertion. She bitched at his entry by digging her claws into the grass. Seeing his right hand plant itself next to her left ear, she feels his body weight lessen. Legs propped to her sides Gavin Lee Reese performed his own military pushups, while fucking her in the ass. Pride in his stance he managed ten perfect thrusts without losing balance.
"Might be hope for you yet." She strains, enjoying his lengthy pleasure plunges.
"I put the fit in the fitness trainer." He brags. "Fuck your ass is tight."
"Bounce a quarter off it." She laughs.
"Ready for some more energy drink?"
"Hit me."
Gnarly begins growling another round. Each time louder than the next. Within seven more thrusts he explodes into her ass. She howls at the top of her lungs feeling every devastating drop. Exhausted he collapses over her. Sweat beading their flesh into a gloss. If he could witness it from his angle he would see cum oozing from both of her holes. Laying on her back he feels her right palm reaching up to caress his cheek. Both of them trembled heavily. Kissing her palm, he sighs a gust of warm breath over her neckline.
"Reggie?" He huffs.
"Yeah?"
"Wanna try setups?"
Laughing together, they snuggled up under the rays of the sun for the next twenty minutes before heading home. Mad respect toward each other rewarded.
Dragging themselves in without letting on what they had done, Gnarly parted ways with Regina when he noticed Naomi coming out of her apartment. Regina hitting the showers did get not only the scent of sex off of her but the smell of fish water. Not a good combination. Gnarly wasn't much better, but he held off in favor of talking to his landlady.
Naomi Carpenter was decked out in white shorts and a red spaghetti top. Her hair perfect as Kate Beckinsale's twin. Reading Julia's note in her right hand, coffee mug in her left.
"Morning." Gnarly wiped his brow of sweat, readjusting his sunglasses atop frazzled hair.
"What on earth happened to you?"
"Went for a run with Regina. Been awhile." He pats his firm abs huffing as if catching his breath. Waving her note at him she winces, confirming he too needed another shower.
"Have fun last night?"
"Never stops. That lawyer Ginger offered me a job being the roadie for Milkbone. Only pays when the girls have gigs though. If I'm lucky, might rake in $1,200 or more a month. They say a gig a week, but even I know that won't be regular."
"Better than what you have now. Between jobs you can keep afloat."
"Barely. Like I said the record store job is basically gas money. I did finish sanding those cabinets in the vacant apartment. You want me to do the same to the other empty?"
"Step at a time. I truly appreciate you Gavin Reese."
"Makes two of us, Easy. You've been a big help on my mind."
"Thinking of me?" She winks.
"Always."
"I see you've met Julia." She lifts the note.
"Heather too. Vicki got tagged by a hit and run yesterday. She's bruised up. I went down and asked Heather to patch her up and make sure nothing was broken. Her bicycle had to be scraped. I bought her a new bike on my way home last night."
"Oh, no! I'll run up and check on her." She hesitates a moment, "With what money?"
"Small advance on this weekends gig. Got me a few groceries with what was left after Vic's bike."
"That was really sweet of you Gavin."
"I have all your backs Easy."
"It shows. I'll stop by a hardware store after I run to the post office. Thank you for offering to fix Julia's plumbing." She eyes the Dancer's apartment, "Was she dressed this time?"
"In the habit of running around nude?"
"On occasion. Is it wrong of me to allow it?"
"Your call. Only guy here is me. Unless you count that Blake guy." He grimaces, "Speaking of...might wanna check on Izzy. I ran into Blake last night. He got in my face, warning me to stay away from her."
"Not good. Tell me you didn't punch him."
"Wanted to. Might have if Blue hadn't come home." Wincing he scratches his ear, "Make your rounds. I won't go into details but, Blue came home roughed up too. Blake took off when he saw her come in."
"Good lord! Who did that to Crystal?"
"Between you and her, if she wants to come clean. I'm gonna grab a shower. My door will be open when you get back with that toilet seal. Oh, just a thought...Julia's sister is staying over. If she and her girlfriend can meet your standards, you might coax them into renting your vacancy once I help ya polish it up."
"I'll keep that in mind."
"See you when you get back." He leaves her side, patting her butt lightly before moving to the staircase. Naomi giggled at his effort.
"Oh! We need to call the utility companies at some point here, and get things moved into your name." He nods from the first step of the stairs, left hand on the bannister.
"Unless I land a real job, I might be living by candlelight, and taking bathes at that pond in the park."
"Things will work out Gavin. Keep looking."
"Yep. Later Easy."
On his way up, he runs into Beth wearing her waitress uniform. Eyes meet, joined by sly grins. It was then Beth looked him over. Grass stains on his knees, and elbows.
"You look awful. Attacked by wild animal?" Beth had to admit.
"Something like that." He chuckles, "Went for a run. Go make the big bucks." He pats her on the ass. She in turn lifts her already short skirt up to prove she was still wearing the borrowed butt plug. Wincing at it he realized that he needed to buy a new one for Isabella. Even if he never saw her again he would honor her possessions. "Good girl. Three days."
"Sir, yes Sir. Bye Gavin." She winks with a vivid salute, "Sorry! Old habits. Our Dad is a Colonel in the Army. Mom's a Sargent. We escaped being Army brats." She looks at her thin watch on her wrist. "Gotta go Tipster. Bye."
Watching her head down the stairs it dawned on him, that with his luck that impromptu command might get Beth raped. All he needed was to see one more girl bruised up to top his week off. Hopefully not. She was glowing in his presence, changing his tune now might crush her. Fingers crossed, he reached his apartment door. Eying his door knob he found the cut up Pantera t-shirt Isabella had swiped dangling from it. She was finalizing her commitment to Blake in staying away from Gnarly. Removing it, he hesitantly lifts it to his nose. Her scent was all over it. Closing his eyes, he felt like crying. Even tough guys have their moments. Hearing Isabella whimper behind her door, he knew she was watching him through the peep hole. Her shadow beneath it a telltale sign. Lifting the shirt up for her to see he mentally thanked her. Not that he could ever wear it again. Never washing it, sounded like a plan to keep her close. In he went. Isabella bawled alone.
"No use dragging the waters. Right, Dimebag?" A reference to a passing idol, Dimebag Darrell of the band Pantera. Shirt in hand, it all hit home.
Spending the next two hours relaxing after another lengthy shower, Gavin decided to pull out his Stratocaster from it's case. Wearing only his cologne, he sat nude in the living room, strumming cords with the amp hooked up, but the volume low. He felt like playing a ballad in privacy. Possibly a tribute to empathy. So much going down around him needed peace. This was his only solution. After a few sappy attempts he goes harder, playing Ronnie James Dio's song Straight Through the Heart. He got so lost in it that he actually began singing the song.
"Hanging from the cobwebs in your mind, it looks like a long, long way to fall. No one ever told me life was kind, I guess I never heard it, never heard it all. Living in a world of make believe, I can hide behind what's real, But wearing your emotions on your sleeve, And they all know what you feel, And here it comes again...Straight through the heart...Straight through the heart..." He continues with his eyes closed, not knowing that his voice carried further than he could predict.
Outside in the hallway Crystal Balou crept down the stairs prepared to transport a rider for Uber. Hearing Gavin through the door she hesitates, lingering closer with an ear near his apartment. The singing was beautiful for a man who said he couldn't carry a tune. Touching his door with her right palm she absorbs his words. Shedding a tear she forces herself to step away. Ballcap lowered she left the Brownstone crying.
Scurrying to her car as Naomi Carpenter pulled in, Crystal narrowly escapes her landlady's concern. Scowling at a bit of gravel sent flying over too much gas pedal pressure, Naomi grabbed her bags, and headed inside.
Entering she heard the guitar too. Entering with curiosity she notes Julia open her apartment door, stepping over the threshold with her sister, and sister's friend. Music perking their own senses at it's beautiful allure. Seeing Naomi, Julia points upstairs.
"Guy's got talent." Julia acknowledged.
"More than you know." Naomi sighs looking at Julia's attire. Nothing had changed in her outfit. The other girls wearing only long t-shirts. Hearing Naomi's tone, Julia surmised that her landlady had already gotten some of that gentle giant. She grew jealous, yet smiled out of envy.
"Here's your toilet seal. Sit it in your bathroom, I'll have Gnarly install it when he's done."
A bag is handed to Julia, who in turn passes it to her sister Brooke. Brooke winced at the contents with a vivid, "Eww!"
Drawn like candles to a flame Naomi heads upstairs, with Julia right behind her. Naomi midway up the flight of stairs scowled at Julia's boy shorts, and skimpy camisole. Defying the landlord Julia flicks the spaghetti strap off of her left shoulder, razzing her by sticking her tongue out. Naomi shook her head and continued up to the second floor. The two other girls followed out of intrigue. Reaching Gavin's apartment they discover another snoop gravitating outside his door. Isabella sat curled up in a ball next to his doors trim. Her head in her arms. So lost in her emotions that she hadn't heard the creaking of the staircase, nor their arrival.
"Isabella?" Naomi knelt next to the Colombian Princess to gently place a palm on her hair. Her whisper making Isabella tremble. Refusing to lift her head concerned Julia, who crouched in front of Miss Alcadore. Everyone wanted to cry as Gnarly's song continued.
Oh, never tell a secret with your eyes, It's the eyes that let you down ,Tell a little truth with many lies, It's the only way I've found, Oh here it comes again...Straight through the heart, Straight through the heart..." Tears fell over every cheek there. Including the two younger girls. Naomi sits down next to Isabella and hugs her from the side. The young woman bawling her eyes out melts into her landlady for comfort.
Brooke, and Amber moved in front of the door listening closer. As Julia sucked on her own lower lip emotionally, she hadn't seen Brooke dare to softly turn Gavin's door knob. Opening his door, both Brooke, and Amber peek inside, eyes bulging at the sight before them. Music unfiltered by the wooden door his song grew more intimate.
Naomi, hearing the intensified volume looks up from Isabella's hair. Noting the girls intrusion on Gavin's private moment, made her sneer. Waving at them silently, the girls ignored her, in favor of their own enjoyment.
Julia not enforcing Naomi's concerns, chose to stand up and join her sister by looking inside. Facial expression alone told Naomi all she needed to know. All three girls had their jaws drooping low, mouths watering. Nothing was going to drag them away from his performance.
His sofa facing directly toward the front door, the women were treated to a full frontal view of Gavin, guitar in lap, massive dick dangling over he sofa cushion. So lost in his world of make believe he hadn't noticed an audience.
"Shout to the wind, How can you hurt me this way, Oh once it begins, It looks like it's coming to stay, Hanging from the cobwebs in your mind, It looks like a long, long way to fall, No one never told me life was kind, I guess I never heard it, never heard it all, no...But here it comes again...Straight through the heart...Straight through the heart...Straight through the heart..."
Sobbing relentlessly, Isabella finally looks up at Naomi. A black eye narrows the Colombian's left eyelid, bruise on her cheek, a busted open lower lip. In her misery Isabella pulls away from Naomi's tender shock and moves to all fours. Crawling forth without trying to stand she barges through the other girls and scurries to Gnarly's feet as he finishes his song.
"Here it comes again, Straight through the heart, In the middle of the heart, Now don't stand still, they'll get you, Right through your heart, And here it comes, here it comes again...Straight through the heart." Ronnie James would have been honored by Gnarly's gift.
Sensing Isabella's hasty arrival he opens his eyes, feeling her hair tickle his shin. Sitting forward, guitar set aside, he looks down in shock. She had hidden her face from him, but curled up in a ball at his feet. Stunned, he finds himself surrounded by concerned beauties.
"A Do Not Disturb sign would have been helpful." Naomi frowns at Gnarly.
"Dude! You rock." Brooke stirs.
"Really, rock. Hard even." Amber concurs admiring his penis.
"What's going on?" He ignores them in favor of consoling Isabella cringing on the floor. With snapping fingers Naomi offers Gavin a clue by pointing at her own eye, cheek, and lip. As he collects his thoughts on the matter beneath him, Julia decides to be noble.
"Let's go." She pushes her sister and Amber backwards to a symphony of groans. They wanted to see, and hear what he had to say. At the door Julia looks back at Gnarly. That cock was majestic. With a shiver, and flared eyes, she did the right thing.
Door closed, Naomi again knelt down in front of Isabella. Encouraging her to sit on the couch did not go over well.
"Lo siento mucho Maestro." She wrapped her arms around his leg, hugging it tightly as she cried. Her apology heartfelt.
"You have nothing to apologize for Izzy." He leans forward stroking her hair. "Look at me." She shakes her head negatively. "Maestro says LOOK AT HIM." Naomi bulges her eyes at his raised voice. Finally, Isabella dares to lift her face to gaze up at him. Eye swollen, she snivels. Void of expression Gnarly shakes his head at her battle scars. His worst intuition had been dead on target. "I fucking knew it."
He winces toward Naomi, as she shares his emotional involvement. Reaching forward he palms both of Isabella's shoulders and drags her up to sit on the sofa next to him. She fought to remain on the floor.
" Soy indigno. I am unworthy."
"Knock it off Izzy. Get up here." He forces her into the seat cushion and points for her to remain there. Watching her gaze fearful to share his he realizes his brusque demeanor probably appeared as bad as Blake's. Retreating his hands to his lap, he's reminded that he had no pants on. Getting up he goes into his bedroom and dons some sweat pants before returning. Naomi had took it upon herself to sit opposite Isabella, rubbing her back.
"I'm sorry I sounded angry a minute ago Izzy. I'm not mad at you. I'm pissed off at this Blake guy." He stands over her observing her sulk. Hearing Blake's name she tries to get up.
"I must go home. Senor Blake will know I am here. I do not wish him to hurt any of you."
Naomi assumes charge for the moment, "Don't worry about us Sweetie. We can take care of ourselves."
"He did this to you just because I ate a taco?"
"El señor Blake está muy celoso. Senor Blake is very jealous."
"Yet, he lets you make money on that Chaturbate website?" Gnarly was trying to understand.
"Si. Los hombres no pueden tocarme. Men cannot touch me on there."
"I touched you. You touched me. The day we met. Did you tell Blake that? Is that what made him do this?" Naomi's eyes bulge at hearing of he and Isabella so soon after she and Gnarly. While she didn't own this man, she had grown very fond of him. Sighing with a timid smile, she let it go. He had made it very clear, that he wasn't interested in more than whatever the day brought him. She accepted it. This violence in her home however, did not settle well.
Isabella winces touching her swollen eye. "I could not lie to Senor Blake." To which Gnarly frowned, fists clenched at the mere thought of Blake's brutality.
"How do we deal with this? Blake is a public official. If we call the police, it will be swept under the rug." Naomi predicts. "From what I understand Blake's Father works closely with the D.A., he will undoubtedly defend his son."
"Izzy? Why did you tell me you had a green card, when that's not true?"
"What?" Naomi flares her eyes, "When I rented to her, Blake showed me a green card. You've lived here six months illegally?"
"Forgive me." Isabella pleads toward Naomi. Of course, she was forgiven.
"Why would you risk Blake's temper by telling him you had sex with me?" Gnarly just didn't get it.
"Estaba en necesidad. I needed you Maestro."
"Needed?"
"Estoy completamente solo. I am all alone." She began crying harder. "No tengo ninguno. I have no one. Me criaron en las calles. I was raised in the streets of Cartagena. Senor Blake found me, brought me here to America. He give me a better life, yet I have only myself."
"You have us Isabella. We're your family." Naomi comforted her as best as she could.
"If Senor Blake catches me here, he will send me back to Colombia. I would die there."
"We won't let that happen Sweetie."
"Can we really promise that, Easy?" Gnarly clasps his hands behind his head, unintentionally showing off his muscular upper body, as if posing for a magazine.
"Not helping Gavin." Naomi scowls.
"What? Oh!" Catching on he lowers his arms, folding them instead over his chest.
"Maybe it's best that you do stay away from Isabella until she heals up." Naomi suggests, "I can check on her, and talk to the other girls into helping keep her company."
"¡no! El maestro me necesita. Mister Gnarly needs me."
Gavin smirks, "Who's going to do my laundry?"
"Seriously, Gavin? How can you be so..."
"Concerned? I don't know about you Easy, but if I were her I'd go stir crazy in that apartment without something to do. It's obvious that Izzy needs to keep busy."
"Busy by having sex with you and putting her life in danger?"
"I didn't mean having sex."
Isabella perks up, leaping from the sofa to kneel in front of Gavin in a pleading manner, "Debo tener sexo contigo Maestro. I must have sex with you. Quiero ser tuyo."
"What?" He winces.
Rolling her eyes Naomi translates. "She wants to be yours."
"Wish I'd taken Spanish back in school." He groans. "Look Isabella." Crouching in front of her Gnarly lifts her chin delicately, "I'm honored that you like me, but I'm not wanting a relationship. I can be your friend, and guardian if need be, that's all."
"I won't be the cause of this." He looks her bruises over. "If this ever happens again, I'll risk going to jail, if it means giving Blake something to remember me by. I'd do the same for Naomi here, anyone that I call my friend."
"Can you two agree to give each other space until this blows over?" Naomi darts her eyes between them. "If we leave this alone Blake might calm down."
"He might. I won't." Gnarly informs her with a stern look.
"Not on my property Gavin. I can't afford to have him do something that jeopardizes my home here. It would be my luck he would send the zoning commission out here with trumped up charges that would bankrupt me."
"Or worse. He might send Immigration."
"That would incriminate him wouldn't it? Housing an illegal."
"Might blame you. Documents can be forged. Including rental contracts."
"Dammit, Gavin Reese. Quit giving me stress." Naomi held fingers to her mouth fretfully.
"Izzy?"
"Yes, Maestro?"
"I will always be here for you. ALWAYS!" He locks their gaze, with a light compression to her chin to focus her. "Naomi? Those cabinets upstairs need painted. That's something to help her relax and be useful. Get her mind off of this as much as possible. Izzy, you can still do my laundry, and clean my apartment. No wearing my clothes. Nothing of mine goes to your apartment. Am I understood?"
"Si"
"No cooking for me. If you do feel the need to cook make it for Naomi, and take it to her. I'll go to her place and eat."
"Right! My door is always open." Naomi smiles, taking a deep breath at her involvement. "Just knock first, no just barging in."
"It might do her good to get some air. See if some of the other tenants might get her out more."
"Senor Blake, does not want me to leave my home." Isabella fidgets emotionally.
"That is true. Even her groceries are delivered." reveals Naomi.
"We can figure this out." Gnarly stands tall and towers over Isabella. She eyes his tented crotch wanting to touch it. Gavin snapped his fingers, "Up!" She swiftly stands as he draws her into a hug. She didn't want to let him go. Finally, he made her. "Easy? Take her home, I'll go fix Julia's plumbing problem." Another caress to Isabella's cheek Gnarly finishes their chat. "No more tears, Ozzy. I mean Izzy." She had no idea what his reference meant. Naomi did. Eyes rolling the gorgeous landlady shook her head.
"Julia has the seal." Nodding, he opens his door for them. In a blur Isabella leaps up on her toes and kisses Gnarly on the cheek. Before leaving Gavin turns his other cheek clearing his throat. Pointing it out to Naomi she shakes her head with a grimace. "You're incorrigible." A follow up kiss led her to smirk. He closed the door to give them time to themselves. Strolling his apartment, he puts his guitar back into its case before deciding to head down to Julia's.
He hadn't even changed, still in his sweats, no shirt, no socks. He didn't care. Knocking on Julia's door bearing a small tool kit, the stunning redhead answered, while brushing her teeth.
"Hey! Everything okay with Isabella?" She lets him enter. Now, she was wearing only a very short kimono style robe, black and purple in color, with an arrangement of floral patterns. Pretty obvious nothing beneath it.
"For now. I have a favor, pay back for my fixing your toilet."
"Love to fuck you." She presumed.
"Slow down Merida. You might be brave, but I'm no momma bear."
"I'd hope not. Grizzly, or nothing. What's the favor?"
"When you have time. Go up and spend time with Izzy. She needs friends. Even if it's thirty minutes. We all need to stand by her."
"I'll see what I can fit in." She eyes his still tented sweats. "Should fit nicely." She flirts sticking her tongue out at him. "You have a nice singing voice by the way."
Locating the bag from the hardware store he pulls the seal and rings out of their boxes. "Thanks. Better guitar player."
"Good at both."
"Speaking of both? Where's the girls? They must be spooked seeing me naked."
"Spooked?" She chuckles, "Your dick is all they could talk about. I think Brooke has a crush."
"Brooke the sister?"
"The barely eighteen year old sister. Amber's her best friend, since high school. Our Mom kicked her out right after she graduated, so they got a sleazy loft together, if you can call it that. Two kids trying to pay bills? Laughable. Anyway, I think they went up on the roof to smoke."
"They can afford cigarettes?"
"Big sis to the rescue as always."
"Nasty habit."
"We all have them." She again eyes his crotch with a devout interest.
Lifting the rings for the seal he chuckles, "I can drop my sweats and you can play ring toss."
"Dare you." She flares her eyes.
"Another time." He winks, "Let's fix your problem before it gets any worse."
"Keep talking dirty Thor."
"Thor?" He chuckles.
"As if you don't see Chris Hemsworth every time you look into the mirror." She moves closer to him and makes a bold gesture. Curling her index finger she pulls the front of his sweats out to look down at his girth. "There's Mjolnir."
He shakes his head, "Now, now." before escorting her hand away. "I didn't come here for sex."
"Pity. You know where the throne is Thor Odinson."
He peaks a brow at her sly flirtations, clearing his throat before stepping around her. "Damn! That girl smells good." He kept his comment to himself. He was so hard that it was awkward bending down on towels to remove the bolts holding the toilet to it's base. For the next ten minutes he dealt with his mission. This being only the second time ever having to fix a thing like this, he grumbled a bit. Make that a lot.
After finishing his job he resists testing the flushing out to see if the seals contained the leak, instead washing his hands at her bathroom sink. Standing there with soapy hands he looks at himself in the mirror. Profile to profile he puckers, "I do look like Hem." As he chuckled to himself he notes another image in the mirror. With her back to Gnarly, Julia stood nude as she ruffled through clothing in her closet. That woman had the body of ...well...a stripper. It was obvious that even she took pride in her toning up. Not muscular but tight as fuck. Her butterfly tattoos were stunning. Even if her long red curls hid some of them. No towel available, he uses one of her pairs of underwear to dry his hands.
"All done. Wanna test the waters?" He chuckles.
Hearing him she turns , walking directly toward him from her bedroom. Eying the mirror he whistles under his breath. "Keep that up I might start a butterfly collection." She waltzes in confidently. Flirtatious eyes lead to sitting him on the closed toilet seat.
Straddling his lap she crushes her tits against his sternum. Eyes locked, Julia reaches to her left and tilts the flushing mechanism. It flushes perfectly. Whether water was leaking was another story.
"Always perform lap dances on the plumber?"
"Bring those rolls of pennies?"
"Nope."
"Shame. We could have turned the toilet into a wishing well." Succulent professional grinding rolls over his bulging sweats. Her pussy molding over his girth even with the material between them.
"Might clog the pipes."
"This pipe?" She slithers her fingers down beneath her to pinch his crown.
"Fuck it." He caves and grips her by her ass cheeks. Standing tall he carries her through the bathroom door and back into her bedroom. Collapsing on her bed, lips found one another, in a vibrant inhalation of each others oxygen. Her hands gliding over his back, slip beneath his sweat pants, hot pink nails clawing at his buttocks. That led to Gnarly's sweats being guided down over his beast enough to tantalize her labia. Soft gyrations of his own slipped along her wetness teasing her. Fuck she smelled good, he couldn't stop thinking that. Kisses parting sent his mouth southerly over her throat, down to delectable nipples. Her moans tender and alluring.
After three minutes of sampling precious pink nipples, tongue swirling the areolas, he plunges forth. A loud gasp out of Julia, shocked by the length and depth he forced upon her, sends her hormones into a frenzy. Biting at his shoulder he realized her desires were animalistic. Thinking of Regina, earlier he felt like he was visiting the Lincoln Park Zoo. Comparison's ended there. Christ! She smelled good. Call of the Wild, he pounded her pussy hard.
As they waged a healthy war neither of them heard the front door open. Sister Brooke and friend Amber had returned. Hearing both Julia and Gnarly fucking they silenced themselves trying not to laugh. Curiosity sent both girls on safari. Peeking around the opened bedroom door they saw the momentary lovers ripping at each other. Fanning their hands the girls were blown away by Gavin's muscular butt creasing and releasing with each directional thrust. Brooke wanted to see more, if it weren't for those damned sweatpants.
Whispering between each other the mischievous roomies crept in behind the couple. Each girl carefully guiding Gavin's sweats lower. Sensing the garment being tugged low, he had his suspicions and lifted his legs for a furthering of their escape. One foot lifted, Amber removes his pant leg. Soon after Brooke guides the other off. Mission accomplished. Kneeling at the foot of Julia's bed the girls sat shoulder to shoulder watching the most magnificent cock either had ever seen plunge and retreat, plunge, and retreat. Balls well rounded, and crushing against Julia's thighs. Eyes flared with his perfect rhythm. Hearing Julia yelping with each insertion destroying her inner G, the girls had to cup their mouths to protect their secret show. Gavin knowing was enough.
Flared eyelids, led to expressions of devoted yearning. Both girls, still in their night shirts had busy fingers. Digits slipped beneath soaked panties and doing a bit of plunging themselves. Off in their own pleasuring, it became difficult not to vocalize their own wishing wells. Luckily, Gavin had Julia screaming in no time. Said cries masking the girls whimpers. Gnarly, storms her neck with warm kisses that sends Julia's scalp back. Her hands in his hair.
"Fuck me harder." Julia begs through exhausted breath. He did. The bitch lost her sanity. As did two devious young ladies. Utilizing Julia's vocal intensity, both girls brought themselves to climax, beating the lovers to it. Julia follows suit shortly after. Legs encircling Gnarly's ass, she realizes his sweats were missing. Had he taken them off, in his devastation of her thoughts? A maddening gusher floods over Gnarly's cock. Steamy squirts escape as he retreats. Thrusting back in, for a frothy pool's exit. DAMN! SHE SMELLED GOOD.
Eying her sister's geyser Brooke marveled at his ferocity. Even with Julia's consistent drainage Gnarly pounded away. There was no damming up this Beaver. Further fingering themselves the girls dared each other to get closer. Brooke, very much like her sister had zero problem with removing her nightshirt and panties. Nude she teased both her clit and her nipples. Amber watching with gnashed teeth finally joins her friend. Stripping down to her socks and shoes. Amber however, took a darker turn, the brunette casts her moistened panties up over Gnarly and Julia's heads. Feeling it caress his right knuckles he looks to see what it was. Smirking, he grips the discarded panties, and continues fucking Julia non stop.
Seeing this their jaws dropped. Not to be undone Brooke picked up her soggy thong and playfully tosses them toward his left hand. Realizing their game Gavin wrinkles up Brooke's panties in his other grip. That stimulation made the girls giddy. He was taking them on a newfound journey, one that they had never witnessed before.
Another screaming orgasm later, Julia wears out. Not Gnarly. Another deep dive leads her eyes to roll back into a possessed look. Seeing her sister's lost reality, Brooke crawls over the carpet to the right side of the bed. Very cautiously she rises up to watch Gnarly's facial intensity. His eyes locking on to Brooke he envisions actress Dove Cameron with shorter red hair, straight unlike her sisters. She waves with a stunning smile. A wink sends her fingers deeper inside, her own expression needy. For some reason the Prince song, When Doves Cry tortured his thoughts.
"Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!" Julia's only comprehending words brought him back to her. Storming her lips they kiss hard. Starvation feeds their desires.
Amber moves to the left side of the bed, daring herself to rise up on her knees. Gnarly switching his view point, spots the brunette, who was an easy Kendall Jenner lookalike. Lifting her tits up, she swirls her tongue around her areolas. Another wink from Gavin, gifted her expression by sharing her readiness to cum again. A hand lowered to masturbate once more. Seeing the two young beauties gave the Rockstar all the energy he needed. Resistant to cumming inside Julia, he maintained his dramatic course until the last possible second. Snarling like a bear he mauls Merida, to the point of a third orgasm. Setting the girls panties aside he rears up. Pulling his thick arrow from her drenched quiver, he nocks his bow within a scrambling grip. Moving higher over his target. Firing in a recoil of scalding shots, he peppers her face with a flood of milky cum. Blending in with her own milky white flesh, it actually gave her color. Mouth wide with expectation he scoots higher yet and dangles his beast over her lips. Feasting upon his crown she sucks him dry.
Her attention absorbed, Gnarly looks first left then right. Both girls were on their backs masturbating fiercely. Their shrill whines now evident, even with pounding hearts echoing in Julia and Gnarly's chests. Just as the girls grew ready to stain the carpet with ruptures of their own, Gnarly retrieving their underwear casts their soggy panties back over deepened knuckles hiding their thighs.
"What the hell?" Julia heard the girls sudden cries. Easing back over her hips, Gnarly slaps his crown over Julia's clit. Eye contact resuming the redhead melts. Improvising, she begins singing to Gnarly. Her own rendition of his earlier song, Straight Through the Heart. He grinned at her effort. Julia was in love.
Below them, both Amber and Brooke squirt all over the floor. Final screams lead to mellow, "Oh my God's." Siphoning Julia's serenade Gnarly snaps his fingers at both girls. Motioning them up the teens threw themselves into bed beside Julia. Song interrupted big sister winces.
"Not cool."
"Way cool." Brooke sticks her tongue out at her sister. "Love the new face cream. Pond's?"
"Bitch."
"Fun as this has been ladies...I need to get home. Got some serious thinking to do."
Gnarly crawls from the mattress and locates his sweat pants.
"Fuck us." Brooke begs as Julia swats her from a bad angle. "We used to share everything."
"Not men." Julia rolls over tickling her sister. Cum droplets filter from one face to another unintentionally. Feeling moistness on her nose Brooke quickly sticks her tongue out, probing high enough to sample Gnarly.
"FUCK YES!"
"Stop it." Julia gets irritable. Brooke couldn't stop laughing. Amber joined in. Gavin merely found it amusing.
"Nooo." Brooke wrestles playfully rolling into her sister trying to lick her face. Squealing Julia couldn't resist her own laughter. Following the fun Amber dove in to secure a taste of her own. Eyes bulging at the creaminess Amber participated in WrestleMania.
"I hate you Rockstar." Julia nearly pissed her blankets.
"See you around Flutterby." He waves, "Ladies."
Julia's face was licked clean. She would think about him constantly. The girls shared in that sentiment. Bon Jovi said it best, "Wanted...Dead or Alive."
Gnarly headed home. for a third shower of the day. Only Isabella, and Crystal weighing him down. He wondered where Crystal Balou had been all day. Damn! Julia smelled good. Drying off he notes the Pantera shirt he had tossed into his laundry basket. Lifting it he sighs. Damn! Isabella smelled good too. It was going to be a long night.
3:00 AM
Crystal Balou had intentionally stayed away from home all day. Keeping busy, accepting Uber riders helped. Shopping for clothes in between fares was also helpful. Wearing a new dress, and heels home made her feel better. Although it didn't hide her bruises at all. A short mini dress at least made her feel sexy. Her bruises tender, she needed a few more clothing choices to mask them, purchasing multiple selections over the course of the evening. Worried that she might need to call off her scheduled nights at the club Barbarians, she monitors her cell continuously. Nerves on edge, she persistently looks around her for any signs of her stalker. Every police car that passed by her, she whined at nasally, eyes glued to her mirror.
After hours of driving in darkness she grew weary. Dropping her last fare off, she decides to head home. Ten blocks from freedom her fear came true in a less than friendly area of town. Red flashing lights appeared in her mirror. Defeated she pulls over in the darkness of a dimly lit side street. Uncertain if it was her Cop stalker Roy Brennon, or another cop, she doesn't risk driving into a brighter, more populated location.
Rolling her window down, as the Officer walks toward her with a small flashlight to mask his arrival, she panics and stealthily dials a number on her cell. The number belonging to Naomi Carpenter. Hiding it between her seat she lets the call either be answered or go to voicemail. Either way Naomi would know something was wrong by her distress. Sure enough Naomi was soaking in her bathtub sipping wine. Cell on her charging dock beside her bed.
"Shut the engine off and step out of the car, Ma'am." The Officer blinds her with his light.
"Was I speeding?"
"Out of the car, Ma'am."
Swallowing Crystal steps out and shuts the door. It wasn't Roy, thankfully. "Did I do something wrong?"
"Hands on the trunk of your car. Legs spread."
"What? Isn't there supposed to be a female officer present for frisking?"
"Do as you're told."
"Not until you tell me what I've done."
He brusquely snatches her arm, and escorts her along. Moving her to the trunk, He nudges her to face the car. Hands on the trunk she trembles heavily. The Officer uses his feet to tap her ankles pressing her off balance a bit. Terrified she clams up, hoping this would end quickly. Her short black mini dress had burgeoning cleavage, held up only by micro thin shoulder straps. Long toned legs protruding beneath a frilly skirt, that barely covered her cheeks. She had set herself up for failure this night. Stupid! Stupid! Stupid!
The pat down began, as the Officer clenched his penlight between his teeth, in order to free up his hands. Innocent at first he probes beneath her armpits, then down along her rib cage. Hearing a Dispatcher send out a series of communications he sighs at her hips.
"What are you hiding?"
"Nothing! There's nothing under my dress, I swear." Not even underwear, she whimpered, realizing her stupidity. A hand lifts her skirt to flash light on bare butt cheeks. "You can't do that. Where is a female Officer?"
"Another word out of you and I'm breaking the cuffs out."
"Shit!"
Dropping the skirt he fans his palm along her spine moving up to the top of her dress. She felt him pluck up the tiny zipper and guide it down slowly, revealing her bruises. Into his shoulder held mic the Cop reveals, "Suspect shows signs of bruises on her back."
"Suspect?" She yelps, not realizing there was no reply from Dispatch.
"What did I say? Hands behind your back."
"What? Noooo." She hears the procuring of metal as he reaches around to snatch up her left hand. Cuffing her left wrist he nudges her forward. Her right hand forced behind her she feels the second cuff bind her. Once locked she feels the Officer's weight lift away from her. Hearing further removal of something else, she quakes. Before she can react, a ball gag is placed around her mouth. Resisting finds her slammed forward on the car, tears instantly fell. This couldn't possibly be an active Police officer.
"She's all yours." The cop abandons her, and returns to his patrol car. To horrified to move she watches the red lights cease and the car pull away. Silence scared her as much as being manhandled. Rearing upright she looks around her. Only crickets. From the darkness she hears a wolf call whistle. Eyes bolting wide she turns to face a section of shrubbery that was nearly complete pitch blackness. There stood a large man with his hands in his pockets.
"New dress? It looks lovely on you."
"Mmmm Whooo r uuu?" She mumbles.
"Come on Blue. You know it's me."
"Rooooyyy?" She panics.
Approaching her he stands tall looking her in the eye. "This is just to show you that I can reach you no matter where you go, Jennifer Lawrence." Even he noted her likeness to the actress. Lifting a hand he caresses her cheek, she flinches but the knuckles followed her. "Sorry about the bruises. Don't defy me next time. Oh, wait! This is next time."
Forcing her back to him he unzips her dress the rest of the way down to the frilly part of her skirt. Rubbing her bare ass he sighed. "Such a nice ass Blue." She cries harder feeling his finger dig between her butt cheeks to tease her anal pucker. She gasps as his finger violates her.
"Pleeez don...t"
Let's just relieve you of this dress." A pocket knife revealed slits the tiny straps on her shoulders, material fanning low over her stunning breasts. An encouraged set of three good tugs, her dress slithers down to her feet. Forcing it from her heels she shivers a being totally nude. He then tosses the dress over his own shoulder for safe keeping. Twisting her to face him he admires her perfect body. Pocket knife held in sight she whimpers at the blade close to her left nipple. He uses the pointed tip to tease around her areola. Without control her nipple rises at the sudden sensation. Why did it arouse her? Fingers burrow up inside her pussy. She struggles slightly, but fears the blade cutting her. "Look how wet this pussy is." He shows her the wetness before trailing it into a smear across her face. Knife returned to his pocket he catches her off guard, hoisting her up to sit on the trunk of her car. Shoved back he pries her legs wide and leans in to lick her pussy. Three fingers digging inside her on a mission. He fucks her knuckle deep vigorously, while her eyes flutter back at his assault. Tongue flicking her clit as if a lizard in heat, she feels herself ready to cum.
"Noooooooooo!" She drools through her gag. After four minutes of persistent fingers Crystal Balou gushes all over his embedded hand. Pulling away chuckling he wipes her juices all over her face and chest.
"See how easy that was? You should know I can get away with this anytime I want. If you think I don't have connections, you're sorely mistaken. Let's get one thing straight Blue...from this point onward when I want you...you come to me. Deny me? Hmmm! I bet you would look good in prison orange. Nod if you understand me." Feverishly, she obeys, nodding out of fear. "Good. You're free to go."
Putting on a pair of latex gloves he takes her dress and tosses it inside her car. Locking the doors, he begins to close up shop when her cell rings. Noting it's glare between the seats he grins. "Oh, aren't we sneaky." He reaches in to pluck the cell from its hiding spot. Noting the caller ID as Naomi Carpenter he shows her the cell. Slamming her car door with the keys in it, she knew she would have to walk home if he did relinquish her.
"Your pretty little landlord is calling. I can easily get to her just like I did you. Talk...call the Cops...go for it. I'll have the info erased as fast as you report it." Dropping the cell to the asphalt, he stomps his shoe on it, shattering it to pieces. A swift kick toward the curb sends its parts into a sewer grate. Walking away whistling, hands in his pockets he calls back, "Don't fail me, Blue."
As Roy rounds a corner, she hears a car door slam. The patrol car had returned for Roy. Driving past her on the trunk the other Officer flicked his tongue at her. For ten minutes she bawled. Left there cuffed and gagged, she finally got up enough nerve to begin her journey home. Even at five blocks it seemed like five miles. Ducking in and out of the shadows as car lights approached. Not wanting to draw attention to her predicament. In her dilemma the unnecessary thoughts of Naomi getting stuck blocks away in the nude just yesterday hit home. She thought it was hilarious at the time. Her situation was different though. Gnarly Reese was no threat. Roy was.
Nearing the brownstone that she lived in, one more set of car lights made her duck for cover. In waiting for the car to drive by she recognized it. It was the little old man in the electric car that gave Naomi a ride home. Fucking ironic.
As it passed she darted for home. Heels, so not her friend. Reaching the parking lot she stood at the back step looking up at the door. How was she going to get in without someone letting her in? Saddened, she knew there was not going to be any other way. Doorbells in the front, she rounds the building, and marches up to the front entry.
"Fukkk!" She groans beneath her ball gag. How stupid was she. Buzzers were on the inside of the enclosed front porch. As were the mailboxes, for what it was worth. How was she going to get inside the first set of doors to even hail anyone? Tears dried up she looks around her for inspiration. Suddenly, it dawned on her a useful strategy. Strutting back around the brownstone she goes to Gnarly's Jeep and kicks at it repeated with her shoes. "Cmoooon!" After tent swift kicks, she sets off his car alarm. Somebody would have to look out, right? Even if it wasn't Gnarly. He was on the front side of the building, and might not react to it. From Gnarly's Jeep she stepped to Naomi's car. Another round of kicks sets her alarm off. Between the two somebody would look out. Hope was lost. As the alarms ceased, she shook her head, succumbing to defeat.
At 5:15 AM, a garbage truck entered the back lot to empty the Brownstone's dumpster. At first hiding behind Gnarly's Jeep, she finally said "Screw it." Walking out to greet a pair of City workers, they were sympathetic to her plight. Impossible not to look at her stunning body a younger man removed her gag.
"THANK YOU! OH MY GOD." She huffed. "Can one of you let me in the front door so I can get someone to ring me in?"
The young man walked with her around the building as daylight broke. Opening the exterior door he lets her in. Waving goodbye she thanked him again. As the door closed, Crystal bent down and attempted to use her nose to push Naomi's buzzer. Even with crossed eyes her aim was way off. Why didn't she have the garbage guy ring Naomi's apartment? Still stupid! Still stupid! Still stupid!
Minutes later her savior arrives.
"Fuck!"
Gnarly Reese winces at the sight of the nude Crystal Balou. Scratching his head he opens the inside door. Before he can even question her she darts past him, teetering her way upstairs. Gnarly follows her in looking up at her perfect little ass until she reaches the top of the second floor steps. There she stands tall, tilting her head back. He could hear her taking in air for a deafening...
"MOTHER FUCKER!"
"Alright. Time to come clean." He starts up the stairs behind her. She turns with a disgusted expression.
"I'm not only locked up, I'm locked out. My keys are locked inside my car."
"What the hell happened to you?" He twists her around to check out her cuffed wrists. "Cop issue?"
"Don't! Just don't! Break down my door. I'll buy a new lock." She pulls away and struts to her apartment door. Growling under his breath he ponders waking up Naomi. Not wanting to stress her out any further he rolls his eyes. Walking up to her he turns her around to face him and bends at the knee. Dragging her to him he tosses her over his shoulder.
"What the hell Gnarly?" He could feel her nipples tease his shirtless back. If it weren't for her demeanor it might have felt nice. Carrying her toward his own apartment, where he had left the door open in rescuing the blond. Careful not to bump her head he enters, kicking his door shut behind him. She shut up and let him do it. Better than waking the entire complex, and having to explain herself. Seating her gently on his sofa he stands over her.
"Truth. No bullshit."
"Bad date." She rolls her eyes, trying to avoid her reality.
"Like I said...cop issue. Don't play me."
"Hey! You got me naked without even trying."
Crouching in front of her he arrows his eyes. "If I have to ask again I'm gonna paddle your ass."
"Gnarly!" She hisses whining, "I can't. Please just get me some clothing." With a pout ,he adds, "And, some channel locks."
"Nope. Not until you realize you can talk to me."
"Please, Gavin. I really can't."
"I'm going to bed." He gets up and leaves her wide eyed. Disappearing into his room she sees him drop his sweats and flop on to his bed nude. Fluffing his pillow three times before she loses it.
"Seriously?"
Hearing her grumble he gets up and closes his bedroom door.
"Wow!"
Crystal Balou sat staring off into thin air. Uncomfortable as it was she stretched out on the couch, in minutes he fell asleep. Fifteen minutes later Gnarly Reese brought her a blanket, carefully draping it over her.
"Night, Blue."