I knew he was there. He was always there. No matter when I was in my shower or in my bedroom he would be there. I started to look forward to knowing he was there, always watching, never touching, never talking. I got such a strange hot pleasure from knowing that he couldn't resist watching me at all hours of the day and night.
When I first knew he was watching it terrified me. I thought he would hurt me, maybe kill me. He's not a threat anymore. He's my number one fan and I love performing for him. It started out so innocent when I saw him around the side of my bathroom door, just watching. I never closed the door since I had my own bathroom and now I don't close the bedroom door all the way because he will be there, peeking through the crack.
I was in the shower, soaping and rubbing my hands over and over on my hard nipples, sliding my hand down my belly and between my thighs. It felt so good I put my foot up on the side of the tub and just kept rubbing my pussy. I got such a fright the first time I saw him watching. I rinsed off as quickly as I could and grabbed my fluffy pink robe. He was gone. When I got to the door there was no sign of him in my bedroom either.
I was into masturbation and had my collection of play toys. I was lying on my bed rubbing my breasts, squeezing my nipples until I felt the pleasure shoot down to my pussy. I slipped my hand inside my lace panties, making slow circular motions on my clit. I had just grabbed the vibrator I kept in my nightstand drawer and was pushing it inside my hot wet pussy when I saw him looking through the crack of my bedroom door. Again, I jumped up, ran to the door but no one was there.
I had a couple of girlfriends who were kinky and liked to come over to play. I invited my best friend Terry over to stay the night. We had been playing together for several years. After we talked and laughed we started to kiss, rubbing, and sliding our tongues together. I pulled off her nightgown and we got into bed. I started sucking her nipples as she slid her hand between my thighs and put her finger inside my tight wet little hole. She spread me out on the bed and started to lick my clit. Again, I saw him watching, standing at the crack of the door, one hand on his cock, rubbing and squeezing it. This time I didn't stop. I felt a thrill of sexual pleasure rush through me, knowing he was there.
"What difference did it make?" I thought to myself. Terry and I are both adults. Let him watch! It was fun to see his cock getting harder, his breathing more rapid. I groaned when Terry pushed her tongue in my pussy, wet and pulsating. She pushed the vibrator into my asshole and licked harder until I screamed and felt her licking the cum that had shot out of my pussy.
I didn't want Terry to see him. I pushed her on her back so that he could see what I was doing but she couldn't see him. I licked her clit, the got her up doggy-style and pushed my tongue in her ass. I pushed one end of a two-headed dildo inside her pussy. I put my ass close to hers and pushed the other end of the dildo into my asshole. We pushed back and forth against each, making the dildo slide in and out until we were both screaming with cum dripping down our thighs.
I looked toward the door and I heard another moan and saw the cum shoot onto his hand and slide down the sides of his still-throbbing hard cock. He turned and walked quickly away as I smiled. It had been a great night for all of us. The next morning when we woke up Terry and I jumped in the shower together. Soapy and slick, we rubbed out bodies together, sliding our hands down each other's bodies, me rubbing her pussy while she grabbed my ass and pulled me against her. Then I heard her scream and let go of me. There he was, right at the bathroom door watching. Of course, he was, that is why I left the shower door partially open. I knew he would be there to watch.
I tried to calm Terry down, telling her he meant no harm, but Terry is a lesbian and hates men. I apologized for scaring her and said I wouldn't let him watch us anymore. After Terry left. I had a great idea, I would invite Janet and Allen over. They were party animals and into all kinds of fun. I thought how exciting it would be to have him watching us get it on. It was becoming more sexually thrilling having him watch me perform than the sex itself.
They agreed to come over that night and said they would bring pizza and beer. Sounded great to me. The night came, and we were having a great time when Allen started kissing me hard, his hands sliding over my body. I looked to the door as he burst through, screaming for Allen to get his hands off me. Shocked, Allen released me. He grabbed me. screaming at Allen and Janet to get out. He held a knife to my throat as they ran out the door.
He shoved me face down on the bed, ripping off my panties. He shoved his cock in to me hard, repeatedly screaming that I belonged to him alone. My ass hurt as he spanked me harder than I had ever been slapped. My pussy was sore and aching from the repeated harsh frenzied stabs of his huge pulsating cock. He grabbed my hair, pulling it so hard my head arched backward. When I felt the tip of the knife sliding down my back and across the cheek of my ass I screamed in terror which only seemed to excite him more as he slammed into me again and I felt his hot sperm explode into my aching wet hole and down my thighs.
He turned me over and bit my nipple hard. My struggles only seemed to make him angrier as he pushed me down on his lap, his hard-throbbing cock stabbing into my tight little ass. He bit my breast hard enough to draw blood as he slapped me repeatedly and stabbed into my ass. Harder and faster until I could no longer bear it. I felt the room darken as I mercifully passed out.
When I came back to awareness I was in a hospital room, a female doctor was taking samples from my sore aching body as a female police officer stood by the door. When the officer saw I was awake she told me everything was going to be all right, he had been arrested.
Was everything all right? No, and it never would be again. Now I understood why Janet hated men and how stupid I had been. I have moved out of state and no longer date men or even talk to them if I can avoid it. I have a good relationship with a woman I recently met, and I firmly lock all doors behind me. I will never forget the terror I suffered through.