'Hi Mark, it's Chloe here. Mum and Keith are going to be away this weekend and I will be home alone. Would you like to come out and keep me company?
Call me when you get home and let me know. Bye'
Mark listened to the message on the machine when he got home from work. Who was Chloe trying to kid asking if he would like to keep her company? Was the pope catholic? Mark picked the phone up and dialled Chloe's number.
"Taylor residence, Chloe speaking." Chloe answered the phone.
"Hi Chloe, its Mark." Mark said.
"Mark?" Chloe said quizzically in reply, the smile on her face heard clearly in her voice.
"Don't pretend you don't know who I am young lady." Mark admonished her jokingly, "So you need someone to keep you company over the weekend?"
"Yes, I do. I might get afraid of the dark in this big old house by myself." Chloe said in a frightened voice.
"Let me check my calendar." Mark told her, "Hmm, looks like I am free from 5pm tomorrow until Tuesday morning."
"Perfect." Chloe said excitedly, "I drop Mum and Keith of at the airport at 1pm and need to pick them up about 10am on Tuesday. We will have the whole farm to ourselves."
"Great. I'll be out after work tomorrow. Do I need to bring anything?" Mark said.
"Bring some nice clothes. I want us to go out for dinner and maybe the club or movies a couple of nights." Chloe said.
"Sure. Can do." Mark replied.
The weekend organised, Mark and Chloe spoke for over an hour before they had to move on with their evenings. They said goodnight and hung up. Mark's cock was showing his excitement of being able to spend an entire weekend with Chloe and no one around to interrupt them.
****************************
Friday afternoon took forever to arrive. Mark was on early shift so finished work at 3:30pm. He went home and packed an overnight bag with everything he thought he would need for the weekend and drove the 20 minutes out of town to Chloe's parent's farm. He drove in and parked his car in the empty space in the 'house shed' Keith had arranged for him, so he didn't have to walk across the yard from the machinery shed. Mark was definitely one of the family now.
He walked to the back door and after getting no response to his knock let himself in. The door was shut but not locked. Common for farmhouses in the country. He went to Chloe's room and placed his bag on the floor, then headed for the bathroom to surprise Chloe. The door was open, and he found Chloe standing in front of the mirror finishing up her makeup.
She was wearing a black crocheted cocktail dress. It had a halter neck holding two triangles of crocheted material over her pert A-cup breasts, the triangles came to just below her breasts to a band of material forming the upper portion of the dress between her breasts and waist. The gap between the triangles leaving plenty of cleavage on show. Her shoulders and upper back were bare.
The remainder of the bodice covered her stomach and lower back and came to a gathered waist band from where the skirt dropped to just above her knees. Her legs covered in black stockings, she wore a pair of 4" high heeled black sandals that caused her to push her hips, and therefore her butt, backward to retain her balance.
Being crochet there were plenty of 'holes' in the material to show skin underneath, although the pattern varied from rather open, large holes, around the stomach and leg areas to tight, small holes around her waist and breast regions for modesty. Mark knew Chloe didn't have a bra on, the dress couldn't hide it if she did, and she rarely wore one anyway. He could see glimpses of skin through 'holes' at her hip however she could easily have been wearing a small g-string, he couldn't tell.
"You look amazing!" Mark exclaimed as Chloe turned to look at him, "Going somewhere?"
"I thought we would go out to dinner tonight." Chloe told him.
"Have I got time for a quick shower?" Mark asked.
"Sure, I made a reservation for 7:30." Chloe replied.
"Great, that gives us nearly 2 hours." Mark said as he looked at his watch and started to strip. As he removed his jocks, his semi-firm cock flipped into view.
"Looks like your happy to see me." Chloe stated as she noticed his reflection in the mirror.
"You know the effect you have on me. You shouldn't be surprised." Mark said as he turned to the shower and stepped in. The shower screen was clear glass and Chloe could watch his cock bobbing up and down as he moved to wash himself. They talked about their day as Mark showered and Chloe worked on her long hair.
When Mark was finished his shower, he took a towel from the rack and dried off, then went to Chloe's bedroom to get dressed. Chloe was still trying to get her long brunette hair sorted out. She loved having hair that hung below her butt when it was straight, but it was a pain when she wanted to do something special with it.
Some 20 minutes later Chloe came into her bedroom. Mark had pulled on a pair of black slacks and a dark grey dress shirt with light grey paisley detail on the inside of the cuffs so if he rolled up his sleeves there would be a contrast colour showing.
"This will have to do." She said referring to her hair. She had used a curling wand to put ringlets in her hair so that instead of it hanging straight and sitting below her bottom it now sprang up to sit just at the small of her back, effectively making it a good 40cm shorter than the straight length of over 130cm.
"I think I need to get my hair cut. I can't do anything with it when it is this long." Chloe told Mark.
"I love your hair. It is so smooth and beautiful." Mark told her.
"And it gets in the way all the time. Will you still love me if I had it shorter?" Chloe asked with trepidation in her voice.
"I'd love you with a pixie cut." Mark replied, "I love all of you. Not just your hair." He added while outlining Chloe's body with a curvy wave of his hands.
"I love all of you too." Chloe said as she pulled him into a hug and squeezed his still semi-firm cock through his slacks. The way his cock hung in his current state of arousal told her that he was either wearing a pair of boxer shorts or was commando. She smiled.
"Keep this up and we won't make it to dinner." Mark warned her.
"We can't have that." Chloe said as she released his cock from her grip and him from her hug.
"How do I look?" she asked as she gave a twirl.
"As I said before, you look amazing." Mark complemented her.
"You look pretty hot yourself." Chloe said as she picked up a cardigan to keep her shoulders warm, "Shall we away?" she added.
"We shall." Mark said as he offered his arm. They walked from Chloe's bedroom and towards the back door. Chloe found the house key and turned on the outside light. They stepped outside and she locked the house before walking to Mark's car. He opened the door for Chloe, and she hopped into the passenger seat. Mark was a little disappointed that the skirt of Chloe's dress was long enough that it didn't offer a flash of what was underneath. Mark hopped in the driver's seat and started up the engine.
After driving down the driveway to the main road and turning towards the city Mark reached out and placed his left hand on Chloe's stocking clad knee. Chloe reached out to Mark and placed her right hand on his thigh. She could feel the muscles in his upper leg flex as he changed gears which gave her a thrill knowing how those same muscles flexed when he was cumming inside her.
Mark moved his hand from Chloe's knee and gently stroked his fingers up and down the little portion of thigh below the hemline. After a while Mark started to push the hem of her dress higher on her thigh, unfortunately for Mark the crochet did not have a lot of stretch or give, and his fingers were stopped at mid-thigh, well short of his intended target. Chloe had been mirroring the movement of his fingers however with no impediment to her hand she now had it resting on top of his cock. She could feel the outline of his cock head pressing against the material of his slacks as she traced her fingers around it. His cock twitched at the caresses; Chloe smiled at the effect she was having on Mark.
The drive took about 45 minutes and Mark was both relieved and disappointed when they reached the car park near the restaurant. Chloe had been working his cock through the material of his slacks all the way from the farm. His cock had been at full erection for the last half hour, and he had been leaking pre-cum for most of that time. Lucky for him he had dark coloured slacks on, so any wet spot forming around his zipper was less obvious if it soaked through his boxer shorts. Mark got out of the car and went to Chloe's door to open it for her. His erect cock obvious to her at such close quarters she smiled to herself knowing it was all for her pleasure.
Chloe stepped out of the car, her dress not giving enough to allow any flash up her skirt, however Mark though he caught a glimpse of pink nipple sticking through a hole in the crochet pattern of the triangle covering her right breast. Mark helped Chloe wrap her cardigan around her shoulders as they left the car and walked to the restaurant. Winter had definitely arrived, and the air was chilly.
The restaurant was intimate with subdued lighting and every table was discreetly screened from the next. They were shown to a table for two near the middle of the restaurant. Mark was a little disappointed when they sat down, the lighting was too dim to shine through the "holes" in the crochet of Chloe's dress and would not allow any flashes of skin under underneath. He had to be satisfied with the view of bare skin on her shoulders, neck and between her breasts.
Other than the fact that Chloe's dress was made from crochet and had significant cleavage showing it was not overly provocative. However, it was obvious that if the tie behind Chloe's neck were a little looser there could be a decent amount of breast on display when she leant forward. Chloe was sure she caught Mark trying to get a glimpse of her breasts on several occasions.
As the evening progressed Chloe was drinking most of the red wine they had order, Mark was driving so needed to stay under the limit, and it was starting to influence her. She excused herself to go to the toilet and on her return, Mark noticed that the halter neck of her dress was not as tight as it had been when she left. The tops of the triangles now hung away from the upper slopes of her breasts noticeably when she was sitting up. When she leant forward to eat her dessert Mark was treated to a tantalizing view of her firm nipples, his cock responded by again becoming erect in his pants. Chloe caught him looking and made no attempt to hide the fact from Mark. Mark looked away blushing when he realised, he had been caught.
"What's with the red face?" Chloe asked jovially.
"Oh nothing, it just got a little hot in here, I think the heater might have kicked in." Mark responded.
"Really. I didn't notice." Chloe said nonchalantly, "You sure something else didn't get you warmed up." She added as she leant forward and took his right hand in her left before lifting it to her lips and kissing the back of his hand.
"This view didn't have anything to do with it?" she asked him, tilting her head towards her breasts. The wine was making any inhibitions Chloe might have evaporate.
Mark couldn't resist looking down to Chloe's breasts and could see that the way she leant against her left arm pushed the material away from her chest even more and he could see her whole breasts under her dress.
"Keep that up and we might have to leave soon." Mark warned.
"I'm in no hurry." Chloe told him, "We have all weekend."
Another hour passed while they finished their desserts, had tea and coffee, and just enjoyed the atmosphere of the restaurant. Mark looked at his watch and noticed it was close to 11pm.
"They close at 11 I think." Mark told Chloe.
"That explains the looks we have been getting for the past half hour. I thought they were enjoying my flirting with you as much as you were." Chloe said as she realised that they were the only couple left in the restaurant.
Mark asked for the bill and after they had paid, he offered his arm as they walked into the cold night air. Chloe had her cardigan around her shoulders however still noticeably shivered as her dress gave little protection where the cardigan did not cover. Her nipples firmed noticeably and to Mark's delight the cardigan pulled the dress material tighter across her breasts causing her right nipple to poke through a hole in the crochet. He said nothing for fear that Chloe would adjust her top and destroy his pleasurable view.
The street wasn't overly busy however there were still some people around going to or from the nearby late-night bars along the street. Mark smiled as they walked the short distance to the car realising the number of males and females that stared at Chloe as they went past, obviously seeing the little pink nub of nipple poking through the black crochet dress.
When they arrived at the car, Mark opened the door for Chloe who stepped in and took her seat. Although Mark didn't notice it, she gently pulled the hem of her dress up as she sat down so that the elasticised lace tops of her stay-up stockings were exposed.
Mark got in the driver's seat and started the engine. Chloe leant forward to adjust the heater settings, the movement catching Mark's attention and he looked across at Chloe. The way that she had stretched forward and the way that her seatbelt rested between her breasts and held her dress to her chest meant that her right breast was now mostly uncovered caused Mark's cock to again swell as it had relaxed to semi-firm while they were walking.
"I'm not sure we will make it home if you keep showing so much boob." Mark told her.
Chloe looked at Mark with a grin, "Does this help you decide?" Chloe said as she let her knees spread giving Mark a view of her bare upper thigh above the lace top of her stockings.
"Let's go." Mark said with a hint of urgency in his voice as he drove away from the kerb.
Chloe placed her right hand in Mark's lap and started to caress the head of his swelling cock as he drove. His cock reached full erection at Chloe's touch and strained against the material of his pants.
"Would you like me to release the pressure?" Chloe asked.
"I don't know if I would be able to keep control if you did. I'm not sure I can if you don't" Mark said.
"I'm sorry." Chloe said with a pout, "Should I stop?"
"Maybe." Mark reluctantly said as he rested his left hand on her right. They sat in silence as Mark drove to the farm for what felt like hours, it was little more than 45 minutes. Mark parked the car in 'his spot' in the shed and opened the door for Chloe to hop out.
Chloe had her key ready to unlock the house as they reached the back door. As Chloe put the key in the lock Mark reached up to her halter necktie and undid the knot, letting the straps drop over her shoulders baring her breasts.
Chloe pushed the door open, and they walked in, as she turned around to close the door behind them Mark leant forward and took her right nipple in his mouth.
"Let me close the door and we can go to my room." Chloe said.
"OK." Mark mumbled around her nipple as he sucked on it.
Mark followed Chloe to her room. As soon as Chloe had put her purse down, he took her into an embrace and kissed her deeply on the lips.
"Hmm." Chloe hummed into his mouth as he leant forward and lowered her to the mattress. Mark lifted first her left foot then the right as he removed her sandals and caressed her stocking clad feet. Chloe's bottom was barely on the bed, so she hooked her heels on the edge and shuffled back to avoid falling off. Mark took the opportunity to push the skirt of her dress up to her bottom, revealing that Chloe was commando under her dress.
"No knickers. You dare-devil." Mark joked.
"Haven't had nickers on since I went to bed last night." Chloe informed him, "Don't plan on wearing any all weekend either."
Mark's cock twitched at this news, he had been trying to talk Chloe into going out panty free for months and the most she had agreed to so far was an hour here and there. Being knickerless all weekend would be a challenge for her modesty and a challenge for him to keep his cock under control. Mark stood up and quickly removed his shirt, pants, shoes and socks, leaving just his boxer shorts on.
Mark knelt on the floor beside the bed and spread Chloe's knees so that he could get to her hairless pussy. He saw that her outer labia were already wet from her juices having escaped her pussy and used the index and ring fingers of his left hand to spread her to expose her inner labia and vagina.
Mark licked the sweet juices from her lips starting at her perineum and moving to her clit. As he reached the little bundle of nerves he sucked it into his mouth, holding it there as he swirled his tongue over it.
"Uh, hmm." Chloe sighed, "Yes, just like that."
Mark sucked her inner lips into his mouth to join her clit, his tongue licking around the flesh he now had between his teeth. Chloe's sighing intensified.
"Keep that up and I'm going to cum." Chloe warned.
"And that would be a bad thing?" Mark asked, releasing her pussy from his mouth.
"Not at all, just warning you." Chloe replied breathlessly.
Mark sucked her inner labia back into his mouth and plunged his tongue into her hot vagina, lapping up all her juices.
"Yes, don't stop." Chloe said as she began to buck her hips up hard against Mark's mouth, "Suck me hard."
Mark sucking had Chloe's pussy dripping with excitement, and it wasn't long before her body shivered as she had her first orgasm for the weekend. Mark kept sucking on her pussy and licking her vagina as Chloe rode her wave of pleasure. Chloe reached down to Mark's head and lifted his mouth away from her pussy.
"On your back mister." She instructed as she sat up. Mark stood up, Chloe catching his jocks with her fingers as he did so and pulled them down. Mark's erection sprang free in the process and Chloe caught it in her hand before giving it a firm squeeze.
Chloe got up from the bed and finished pulling her dress off, she still had her stockings on so that she was naked from head to upper thigh. Mark lay down on his back, his cock pointing straight up from his body. Chloe knelt on the bed and straddled his legs before leaning forward and rubbing her breasts against his chest. Mark could feel her firm nipples as they grazed over his own. Chloe's long hair engulfing them as she kissed him on the lips.
Chloe thrust her hips forward so that her wet labia lips met the base of Mark's cock. She ground her pussy against his cock covering it in her juices. Chloe sucked in a deep breath at the feeling of his cock against her already sensitive lips. Mark's cock jumped at the pleasure.
Chloe sat up, her hair cascading over her shoulder and covering her breasts as she continued to slide her pussy lips up and down Mark's erection.
Mark went to say something, Chloe placed her right index finger against is lips to say "sssh". She tilted her hips forward causing her pussy lips to slide along the shaft of Mark's 8" erection. Trapping the shaft between his abdomen and her pussy lips.
She slid her pussy on him until she felt the underside of the head hit her clit, then stopped moving before sliding back down his shaft until her lips were on his balls. They both sighed.
Chloe kept up this movement of sliding up and down Mark's cock coating it with her juices alternating fast and slow as they both hurtled towards an orgasm. Each time Chloe reached his cock head Mark would thrust his hips up in the hope of forcing his cock into her slick vagina, each time Chloe was ready to catch his movement so that he didn't. She threw her head back causing her hair to whip over her shoulder's and down her back, the ends brushed against her lower back as she worked her pussy lips on Mark's cock.
Chloe rode Mark's cock like a bucking bronco, her hair falling over her shoulder and engulfing her face and breasts, keeping her defences against his cock up for 5 minutes before she slipped and found Mark's cock firmly embedded deep in her vagina. "Oomph." Chloe grunted as the force of the entry took her by surprise. She stopped moving as she waited for her vagina to adjust to having been invaded by his 8-inch-long, 2-inch-wide erection. She flicked her hair out of her face and over her shoulder while she had the chance. Once she had her breath back Chloe slowly lifted her pussy almost off his cock and then dropped back down until her clit hit his pubic bone. She pushed hard and ground her pussy against his rod as she tilted her head back to keep her hair out of her face. She could feel it tickle the tops of her butt-cheeks in the process.
"I'm going to cum." Mark warned.
"That's OK, I need to feel you fill me up. It has been too long." Chloe said.
Mark reached up and took her nipples between his fingers and squeezed them gently, Chloe's pussy clenched hard against his cock and her juices ran from her pussy to cover his cock and balls.
Mark moved his hands so that he was cupping her a-cup breasts before again taking her nipples between his fingers and squeezing gently. Chloe sighed and clenched her pussy tight again.
Mark couldn't stand the excitement anymore and thrust his cock hard into Chloe's pussy and held her tight. His cock twitched deep inside her, Chloe clenched her pussy and Mark shot stream after stream of hot cum deep inside her. On feeling the warmth flood her vagina Chloe felt her second orgasm sweep over her as her pussy started to spasm around Mark's cock causing him to shoot more cum into her vagina.
Chloe slumped forward onto Mark's chest, and they kissed each other as they hugged, cocooned in her hair.
"That was a nice starter." Mark said eventually.
"Very nice starter." Chloe replied, "I think I need to rest a little now though." She added.
"Fine by me. I like your weight on me after we have made love." Mark told her.
"Good because I can't move right now." Chloe told him as they lay together, Mark sweeping her hair to the side so that they could breathe without inhaling it.
****************************
Mark wasn't sure how long they had been asleep; all he knew was that Chloe was still laying on top of him. His cock, even though now softened, was still in her pussy, he could feel the moist warmth on it. Her stocking clad legs still against his bare legs.
He could have easily lifted Chloe's small weight if he wanted to, but he opted to stay as they were for now. He clenched his pubic muscles causing his cock to twitch inside Chloe's pussy. He kept this up for a couple of minutes as his cock started to firm up. It wasn't long before he had a full erection again and started to gently rock his hips causing his firm cock to pump into Chloe's moist vagina. His movements stirred Chloe.
"Huh." Chloe said as she opened her eyes and smiled as she realised Mark had woken her with his cock.
Mark pulled his cock from her soaking vagina, most of his cum was still inside her and now started to leak slowly from her hole mixed with her own juices.
"Roll over." Mark instructed, Chloe did as asked and lay on her stomach. Her hair wrapping her upper body in the process.
"This hair!" Chloe exclaimed, "Can you get me a hair band please."
Mark reached to the bedside table and picked up a hair band. He then proceeded to gather Chloe's hair into a loose ponytail and wrapped the band around it near her head. He took a second band and gathered the ends together before wrapping that band around the hair and letting it fall to her side.
Mark gently spread Chloe's knees so he could access her pussy from behind, leant forward with his knees either side of her legs and let his cock head rest against Chloe's opening.
Mark picked up Chloe's ponytail and while pressing his cock into her soaking tunnel he pulled on her hair so that it was tight. Chloe tilted her head back in response and uttered a sigh of pleasure at again being filled with Mark's cock.
"Yes, that feels amazing." Chloe told him as his cock slipped easily into her naturally lubricated vagina.
Moving his hips Mark pumped his cock in and out of her, each thrust pressing her against the mattress under his weight causing Chloe to grunt as the air was pushed from her lungs.
Mark put his left hand under Chloe's waist and indicated that she should push herself up onto her knees, Chloe moved into a doggy position and Mark pulled her hair back to keep her head up.
With each thrust forward Mark held Chloe's head back with her hair. Chloe grunted and pushed her butt back to meet his thrusts. Mark's left hand was wrapped around Chloe's waist so that he could finger her clit while they thrust against each other. All of Mark's cum from earlier was now being forced from Chloe's vagina and was running down her legs or over Mark's balls.
Mark's cock was pressing against Chloe's g-spot, and she knew she would soon be squirting all over Mark's balls from the pleasure he was giving her. Mark knew he wasn't going to last long, and his one goal right now was to have Chloe squirt before he came. He adjusted his angle to make sure he hit her g-spot firmly with each thrust of his cock and after 10 solid thrusts Chloe released a geyser of liquid against Mark's balls. Her pussy clenched hard against his cock, and he again started to flood her vagina with his hot cum.
Each forward thrust of Mark's cock set free another squirt from Chloe and her pussy clenched against his cock, milking more cum from him. Eventually their orgasms subsided, and Chloe collapsed to the bed, Mark following to land beside her.
"That was incredible." Chloe finally managed to say between gasps.
"You're not kidding." Mark said.
"I think I need to have quick shower and change these sheets." Chloe said.
"You have your shower and I'll start on the sheets." Mark offered, "Then I'll have one too."
"OK. Do you know where the sheets are." Chloe asked.
"I do." Mark said. He watched Chloe's naked behind as she walked to the shower, the sheets were kept in the hall cupboard right next door to the bathroom so he got to watch it for several seconds more.
Once the bed was remade and they had their showers they returned to settle down for the night, still naked, and snuggled under the sheets.
"Good night stud." Chloe said, "Remember if you get the urge the answer is always yes."
"Night sexy." Mark replied, "Same goes for you If you get the urge."
They kissed and Chloe rolled onto her right side facing away from Mark. They move together into a spoons position, Mark draping his left arm over Chloe and cradling her right breast in his hand. His right hand running through the hair on her head.
"Mmm, this feels right." Chloe said, Mark kissed the back of her neck after pushing her hair to the side.
"Good night." Mark said as Chloe turned off the light.
****************************
Mark opened his eyes to see it was bright outside. Chloe wasn't in the bed beside him, he could hear her voice in the kitchen. She was talking on the phone as he could only hear her voice.
"Yes mum, everything is fine. The farm will be fine now stop worrying." He heard her say.
"Yeh, no problem mum, I can take Mark down on the quad bike and I'm sure he can figure out how to drive a tractor."
Mark looked at the time, 9am already. He got up and went to the toilet. He caught a glimpse of Chloe leaning on the kitchen bench talking to her mum as he walked to the toilet. She was still naked. Mark's cock stirred at the sight.
After he finished in the toilet her heard Chloe still talking to her mum, so he walked into the kitchen, also naked.
Chloe was leaning on the bench top with her back Mark. As he came up behind her he wrapped his left arm around her waist and cupped her pussy with his hand. Chloe slapped his hand with her free hand before shuffling her feet apart to give him better access.
Mark leant forward and whispered in her free ear, "Morning naughty girl." A little louder than necessary.
"That's Mark. He just said morning." Chloe said as she motioned "shush" to Mark.
Mark wrapped his right arm around Chloe's chest and cupped her left breast before running his index finger over her firm nipple. Chloe took a deep audible breath.
"No everything is fine mum. Just yawned, we got home late last night."
"No, it's fine, way past get up time." Chloe said as she felt Mark's cock stiffen against her butt. Mark flicked her clit and pinched her nipple at the same time. Chloe shifted her feet and hips so that her butt tilted up and backwards towards Mark.
"Yes mum, I was getting up any way." She said as she looked over her shoulder and blew a kiss at Mark.
Mark ran his left index finger between her already wet lips to spread her moisture while he rocked his hips causing his cock to stroke Chloe's pussy from behind. His cock head catching in the opening to her vagina and spreading her lips wide.
Chloe breathed deep again.
"No mum I don't need to go back to bed, just need some juice and coffee."
Mark took the coffee hint and released Chloe from his arms. He stepped over to the kettle and turned it on, Chloe saw his erection swaying in front of him as he turned, she licked her lips and smiled.
"Yeah Mark just put the kettle on for coffee and now he's getting the juice ready." Chloe said as Mark returned to his position behind her, bent his knees a little and pressed his cock deep into Chloe's juicy wet pussy.
Chloe let out a "Huh." As she was taken by the invading cock, time was perfect as she hadn't heard what Mary had said and she repeated it for her.
Mark pumped his cock in and out of Chloe's vagina while she talked to her mum. The kettle boiling managed to mask many of the sounds of their love making. Mark's cock pressed hard against Chloe's g-spot and she bite her lip between sentences as her need to cum grew with each thrust. All the time managing to continue to hold a conversation with her mum.
The kettle boiled just before Mark thrust hard against her g-spot and she squirted on his balls and all over the floor between their feet. She managed to stifle her moans as she felt Mark's cock shot his load deep inside her. Chloe's legs went weak, as did Mark's and he couldn't hold them up. He wrapped his arms around her and sat down on a chair that was near the bench, his cock forced deep inside Chloe's pussy as her weight landed on his lap.
"Mark!" Chloe exclaimed as her weight forced his cock deep inside her as he sat them down.
"Oh, nothing major." Chloe said to the phone, "Mark just spilt milk on the floor. I had better go help him clean it up. Yeah love you too mum. Have fun."
Chloe hung the phone up and twisted her body around so she could kiss Mark, "You are a very bad boy." She said as she playfully slapped his chest before kissing him on the lips.
"Well, you did ask for juice with your coffee." Mark said with a grin.
"True." Chloe said with a grin before giving him another kiss.
"Now clean up your mess before someone gets hurt." She said as she stood up and went to make her coffee.
****************************
Over breakfast, still naked, Chloe filled Mark in on what they needed to do. Keith had left a tractor on the river flats intending to move it when he got home, however he saw a weather forecast for over 100mm of ran on Sunday and if that fell as forecast the tractor would be stuck until spring.
Chloe wanted to take the quad bike, she preferred the wind in her hair over the closed in 4-wheel drive, and Mark could drive the tractor back.
The weather was brisk but not cold and the sun would soon warm the day up. Chloe pulled on a khaki work skirt and a t-shirt. The skirt was long enough to be modest when working around the farm and basically a skirt version of the khaki work shorts Mark had on. Lots of pockets and places to store the things you need when working on the farm.
Apart from the colour of their t-shirts, they looked like a pigeon pair right down to the Blundstone work boots they wore.
They walked to the machinery shed to get the quad bike. Chloe checked the fuel and when sure everything was ready put her left foot on the foot peg and swung her right leg over the seat and sat down. Mark getting a flash of bare pussy as she did so, and his cock swelled. He climbed on behind her pressing his firm cock as tight against her butt as the bike would allow before wrapping his arms around her chest.
"You can hold on to the bike you know." Chloe told him.
"I know but I like these hand grips better." Mark said as he squeezed her breasts playfully.
"You would." Chloe said as she started the bike, drove out of the shed turning towards the river flats.
As they began to pick up speed, she suddenly came to regret her choice of the skirt instead of shorts, especially with her commando challenge. Sitting astride the bike obviously meant that her legs were spread wide apart, and the only forward protection was the handle bars and fuel tank, over which the wind blew unrestricted and up her skirt. At 15km/h the wind blowing on her naked pussy was strong enough to push her lips open and at 20km/h they were literally flapping in the breeze to the point she felt like she had a vibrator against her pussy working at high speed.
She slowed the bike down to 10km/h.
"What's up?" Mark asked as they slowed down.
"No knickers." Chloe said hoping Mark would understand and she wouldn't have to tell him she was effectively masturbating herself with the wind when going faster.
"No knickers? Oh, NO knickers!" Mark replied
"Yeh, oh, no knickers. Chloe replied.
Mark moved his left hand under her skirt and placed it over her pussy to block the breeze as it blew up her skirt.
"OK, that should help." He said with a grin. His hand cupping Chloe's pussy as he pushed himself harder against Chloe's back hoping she would feel his erection.
Chloe took the bike back up to 25km/h. Of course, with every bump Mark's hand moved under her skirt resulting in him rubbing her clit. Chloe soon started to get turned on from Mark's fingers on her clit. It was however more bearable than the wind on her pussy and she was able to control herself until they reached their destination.
"OK, you can let my pussy go now." Chloe said as she bought the quad bike to a holt.
"Aww." Mark said as he reluctantly moved his hand away from Chloe's pussy and sat back.
"Don't worry, I'm turned on enough to make use of that package you have been poking me with for the last 15 minutes." Chloe told him as she indicated he should get of the bike. Chloe then swung her leg over the seat, giving Mark a flash of her wet pussy, and stood up before pulling Mark into an embrace and kissing him deeply.
Chloe needed to feel Mark's big cock in her again, but the ground was wet and muddy so rather than lay down Chloe spun around and grabbed the handlebars of the bike. She spread her feet and lifted the back of her skirt up so Mark had a clear view of her glistening pussy lips from behind. Mark undid his shorts, freeing his cock as he had also gone commando, and guided it into Chloe's hole.
Without the distraction of a phone to her ear Chloe was free to voice all her pleasure with Mark's cock hitting her cervix with each deep thrust. Chloe had put her hair up in an untidy bun, so it was out of the way. Mark was busy holding her hips, so they didn't slip in the mud, so she took her left hand off the handlebars and rubbed her clit. She didn't masturbate much and certainly had never done it in the open before, she didn't know what was coming over her. Luckily the only witnesses were the birds and animals around them. They soon built a sheen of sweat as the sun shone down on their lovemaking.
Having been so worked up by the ride down the flats Chloe took only minutes for her orgasm to wash over her and Mark soon followed filling her vagina with yet another load of his cum. The fourth in less than 24 hours. He withdrew his cock from Chloe's pussy and guided her to sit on the bike before he himself leaned against it for support.
"Thanks, I needed that." Chloe said as she got her breath back.
"Glad I could be of service." Mark replied, "So are you regretting having no panties on yet?"
"Yes and no. I love the way you have free access to me, obviously riding a bike is not a good idea." Chloe said.
"And you won't have my help for the trip back to the house." Mark reminded her with a grin.
"So, I'll take it slow." Chloe said.
"I like it when you take it slow." Mark said earning him a punch on the shoulder, "But it will take ages for you to get home if you do. You can drive the tractor and I will take the bike."
"You sure?" Chloe asked.
"Of course, I am. I can't have you ride the bike and end up having you lose control and have and accident. What would I tell your parents or the Ambos?"
"Thanks. I would appreciate that." Chloe said as she climbed up to the tractor cab. Mark giving her 'a helping hand' by putting his hand on her bottom, literally as his hand was up her skirt, and lifting her up.
Chloe started up the tractor and allowed the engine to warm up. She swung her legs to the side to face the cab door while she waited, and Mark climbed onto the bottom step so they could talk. He placed his left hand between her legs and idly rubbed his index finger along her slit at the same time.
"OK, I think it is warmed up enough." Chloe said when the engine revs dropped to idle speed, "I haven't driven this for a while so I could be a little rusty. No laughing if I mess it up."
"OK. You head off first and I'll follow." Mark said as he reluctantly removed his hand from her skirt and got down from the step. Chloe engaged first gear and the tractor glided off like she was a pro tractor driver. Mark got on the quad bike and started to follow. It wasn't long before Chloe had the tractor humming along at 30 km/h. The farm track was bumpy at that speed however the air-glide seat in the cab smoothed most of them out. Even so Chloe's small breasts were still bouncing somewhat and with her feet spread apart to reach the clutch and accelerator her pussy lips were being tapped against the seat when the bigger bumps caused her body to be driven into the soft seat.
By the time they arrived back at the machinery shed Chloe was somewhat aroused by the combination of feelings from being bounced around in the cab. When she got down from the cab she was somewhat flushed.
"Are you OK?" Mark enquired.
"Yeah. Just got a little bounced around in the cab." Chloe replied.
"You were going faster than I thought you would." Mark said.
"You know I like it hard and fast sometimes." Chloe said with a smile., "The bouncing felt good. It had me feeling nice."
"I could think of something I would like you to be bouncing on." Mark said as he looked down with a shy grin, the bouncing on the quad bike had caused his cock to bounce in his pants during the ride and he was obviously erect.
"Sounds tempting but I need to have something to eat for lunch first." Chloe said as she led Mark to the house.
"Yeah. I guess we should eat something." Mark agreed reluctantly.
After lunch Chloe busied herself around the farm to get the daily jobs done. Feeding the chooks and collecting the eggs, feeding the working dogs, and checking their water and other general jobs. Her work skirt kept her modesty most of the time however she did cheekily flash Mark a few times when bending over or squatting down.
Mark tried several times to take advantage of the fact that Chloe had chosen to go commando to no avail.
As the sun started to set around 5:30 Chloe and Mark made their way back to the house, with all the work of watching the farm done.
"What would you like for dinner?" Chloe asked.
"You." Mark replied as he pulled her to him and kissed her below her right ear before nibbling on her neck.
"Mark!" Chloe said as she twisted away from him, "I'm all dirty and sweaty from working."
"I don't care." Mark said as he tried to pull Chloe back into his grip.
"Seriously. What would you like for dinner? I need to get it organised." Chloe insisted.
"We could always go to town and get pizza from La Porchetta then catch a movie." Mark suggested.
"Great idea. I haven't been to the movies for so long." Chloe said, "You check the screening times and what's on while I take a shower."
"Sounds good." Mark said as he picked up the phonebook to look the cinemas number up. Chloe headed for her shower.
It took a while for Mark to get through to the cinema and note the movie details down. He then called La Porchetta to book a pre-movie package to make sure they were served quickly.
By the time he walked into the bathroom to tell Chloe what was on at the cinema she had finished her shower and was doing her make-up. She was facing the mirror which meant that Mark got a profile view of her as he walked in. Chloe had chosen to wear a knee length white denim skirt and a fitted long sleeve silk blouse in a dusty pink colour. From the side profile Mark could see the nipple on Chloe's right breast creating a peak in the soft silk material. She had put her long hair up into a bun and had the remaining hair that wouldn't fit tied into a ponytail that came from below the bun to just below her shoulder blades.
Mark's cock instantly appreciated the view and started to firm in his pants.
"There are two movies on at 8:15, Ghost and Arachnophobia. I've booked a movie package at La Porchetta, and we can choose when we get there." Mark told Chloe as he started to undress to shower.
"I think Ghost." Chloe replied as she looked at Mark in the mirror and noticed his semi-firm cock lead the way into the shower. Even semi firm she admired the length and girth of his cock and felt a familiar warmth in her pussy.
As Mark washed his hair Chloe stared at his cock bouncing up and down wishing they might have time for her to feel him inside her again before they left for the movie. She finished her make-up and reluctantly went to her room to pick out what coat to take.
Mark finished his shower, dried, and had a quick shave before pulling on a pair of navy-blue slacks and a blue shirt with light blue stripes. His cock was still firm from thinking about Chloe and made an obvious outline in his pants.
As he walked into Chloe's room he noticed the time, it was already 6:10.
"We need to get going if we are to eat before the movie." He told Chloe.
"I'm ready." Chloe reluctantly told him as she picked up a fluffy light tan coloured coat. She wouldn't need it to walk to the car in the shed but would when they got to the cinema. She had already pulled on a pair of almost knee-high white boots with 2" heels.
Mark pulled on his shoes and a navy-blue cable knit jumper. He didn't have a lot of clothes to choose from as he had only packed a few things for the weekend. Chloe noticed the outline of his cock pressing against the front of his slacks and smiled to herself.
Mark led the way to the car; Chloe locked the house and Mark held the car door for Chloe to get in. As she lifted her right foot into the foot well Mark noticed for the first time that Chole's skirt was buttoned at the front. Of the 8 buttons she had left the bottom 3 undone. With the lack of stretch in the denim this caused the skirt to flare open at the bottom giving Mark a good look at her upper thighs and as she sat down the last fastened button sat right above her pussy giving him a clear view of the crevice between legs that he so desired to be licking right now. His cock twitched at the sight.
Mark got in the driver's seat and reversed out of the shed then guided the car to the highway. As soon as he turned onto the road Chloe laid her hand on his lap and started stroking the side of his cock through his pants. It wasn't long before it was at full erection and straining to escape.
Mark reached his left hand across to Chloe's right thigh and started to caress along the inside, each stroke getting closer to her pussy, Chloe moved her knees apart to give him better access and was delighted at the electric shock she felt when his little finger brushed against her clit. Mark explored between her outer labia with his fingers until Chloe's moisture started to flow and then he pressed his middle finger between her lips and curled it into her vagina. Chloe let out a long soft sigh at the intrusion of his finger.
They travelled in silence as each gently caressed the other until they finally reached the cinema. Mark parked the car and walked around to the passenger side to open the door for Chloe, stopping at the back passenger door to retrieve her coat first. Chloe swung her left leg out first, making sure Mark got a good view of her wet pussy in the process and then as she stood up, she turned so Mark could help her to put the coat on. She pulled it around herself and stepped away so Mark could lock the door.
They walked to La Porchetta hand in hand and after telling the waitress their name and getting the movie tickets sorted out, they were shown to their table. La Porchetta is a family pizza restaurant so there wasn't much chance for any hijinks, Chloe did attempt to flash Mark once however the table got in the way, so she gave up.
There pizza was delivered quickly, that was part of the deal with the movie package so that people didn't miss their show. The main waitress that had been looking after them kindly told them when they had 15 minutes to the previews starting and handed them their tickets. Another feature of the package, La Porchetta was in the same building as the cinema and the staff went to the box office to pick up the tickets for them while they ate.
Hand in hand Chloe and Mark walked upstairs to the cinema, Chloe quickly went to the toilet on the way while Mark grabbed a small popcorn and drinks for them, as if they needed more food but who can go to the movies without popcorn. Then they found their seats just as the first preview started. The seat beside them was vacant so Chloe placed her coat on it, and they settled down to watch the movie.
As the lights went down and the movie started Chloe lifted the arm of the chair between them and snuggled Mark. He placed his left arm across her shoulders, and she placed her right hand in his lap just above his cock and started to gently stroke it.
Mark placed a kiss on her forehead and as he glanced down he noticed in the reflected light from the screen that her nipples were still making peaks in her blouse. He also noticed that there were now 4 buttons undone on the skirt and he could clearly see the top of Chloe's pussy through the gap in her skirt. His smiled and his cock twitched under Chloe's fingers.
As they watched the movie Chloe barely stopped caressing Mark's cock, it was gentle and not intended to make him cum, it did keep him firm the whole time though. With Chloe leaning in to snuggle Mark he could not get his hand near her pussy so he contented himself with caressing the side of her left breast with his left hand as he had it around her shoulders. Occasionally he would move his right hand across to her right breast and rub her nipple through the silk, which made Chloe sigh and every time there was a brighter scene, he would spend more time looking at Chloe's bald pussy than the screen, trying to figure out how to manoeuvre his hand to it.
Several times Mark noticed that Chloe had tears on her check and gently brushed them away with a finger and used this as an excuse to kiss her forehead and get another look at her pussy as well. The sight of Chloe openly exposing her pussy, even if in a darkened cinema, and Chloe's caresses had Mark's cock constantly erect, and he knew he had pre-cum dripping from his cock. He was glad he went for the navy slacks and not his tan slacks that he had originally planned.
When the movie was over Chloe pulled Mark to her to give him a kiss on the lips. As they sat up straight Mark managed to slip his right hand between her legs and slip his middle finger into her now dripping wet vagina and ran it along the front edge a couple of times before Chloe shifted her position and pulled her coat to her lap as if getting ready to stand up. The lights had just gone up and people in front of them started to get up to walk towards them.
"Time to go." Chloe said as she reluctantly stood up with her coat draped over her arms. Mark agreed and followed her into the aisle as they walked to the exit.
Once they could get out of the main flow of traffic Chloe pulled her coat on, Mark noticed that her skirt flared open with her movement and he got a good look at her pussy, but he didn't show any acknowledgment of the fact in case she decided to button up the skirt.
"So, what now?" Chloe asked.
"Care for a drink before we head back to your place?" Mark suggested.
"Sounds good, but Saturday night, will we find somewhere?" Chloe asked.
"There are plenty of options so let's just walk a little until we find somewhere." Mark suggested.
Mark wrapped his left arm around Chloe's shoulder, and they walked past several bars until they found one that had an unoccupied table and 2 stools under a heater lamp on the street. They sat down and talked about what they wanted to drink then Mark went to the bar to get them.
As he returned towards the table Mark noticed Chloe was talking to a guy he though he recognised from her 21st birthday party. He also noticed Chloe had both heels hooked on the lower rung of the stool and was facing the guy, her skirt was sure to be gapping and giving him a clear view of her pussy he though. Mark's mind was awash with thoughts, the most obvious was who is this crashing their night out and he became a little jealous.
Chloe noticed Mark approaching, "Oh Mark, do you remember Peter from my party?"
"Hi Peter." Mark said as he placed the drinks on the table and extended a hand, "Sorry didn't know we needed a third drink."
"No worries, Mark, I can't stay. My girlfriend just needed to go to the ladies and this place doesn't mind non-patrons using their facilities. I noticed Chloe so I thought I would say a quick hello while I waited."
"Peter was just telling me that he and Diana have set a date for their wedding." Chloe told Mark.
"Congratulations." Mark said as he offered a hand to shake again.
"And here she is now." Peter said as his fianc walked out of the bar.
As Diana approached them Chloe stood up beside Mark and congratulated Diana on the engagement before Peter and Diana took their leave and left. Mark felt much less concerned as they did.
As Chloe sat down, she hooked her heels on the bottom rung of the stool again and faced Mark, the table to the side of them. Mark drug his stool closer and sat down before leaning forward and giving Chloe a kiss on the lips, his right hand sliding along the inside of her right thigh in the process until his fingertips rested against Chloe's warm pussy, she reflexively moved her knees apart to give him access and he stroked his finger along the crevice between her outer labia from top to bottom and back. Chloe moaned into his mouth as they kissed and reached out to squeeze his cock.
"I love you, Mark." Chloe said as they broke their kiss.
With a cheeky grin on his face Mark simply said "Ditto".
Chloe gave him a greasy look before Mark took both her hands in his and with all the sincerity he could muster, looked her in the eyes and said "Honestly, I love you too Chloe."
They leant forward and kissed again before toasting themselves. They sipped on their drinks, Mark and Chloe enjoying teasing each other in public; Mark rubbing her pussy and Chloe squeezing his cock at every chance.
When they were finished their drinks, they agreed it was time to head home and continue their activities in private. The trip home was much the same as the earlier trip. Chloe left the extra button undone so Mark had better access to her pussy while driving and she had freed his cock from his pants so she could stroke him and rub his pre-cum over the tip of his cock.
It was raining heavily when they reached the farm, the forecast had been right. Despite the cold and wet, Chloe didn't bother to put her coat on and raced to the door to unlock it. There was no cover between the shed and the door to the kitchen and by the time Chloe had the door open she was soaked. Her silk blouse had turned see-through and clung to her breasts, this combined with the effect the cold had her nipples had little tents standing over half an inch high from her breasts. Mark raced in behind her and noticed the state of Chloe's nipples. His cock sprang free of his pants which he had not bothered to zip up as he got out of the car.
"I see you like the wet shirt look." Chloe teased as she took a moment to stroke his erect cock.
"Yes, I do." Mark said, "But I think we should get out of these wet clothes before we freeze." He added shivering.
"I agree." Chloe said as she released his cock and headed for her room, only momentarily stopping at the linen cupboard to grab two towels.
Mark followed her through the cold house to her room. To his surprise it was warm once he stepped into the room, Chloe had turned her heater on before they left, and her room was cosy warm.
It took 30 seconds for both Mark and Chloe to be naked and drying themselves off. Mark hung their wet clothes in the bathroom to dry before returning to the bedroom and climbing into bed beside Chloe. Chloe had told her parents that the squeaking of her old single bed disturbed her sleep and they had agreed to moving one of the queen beds from a guest room into her room, so they had plenty of room to move.
Chloe lay on her back as Mark swung his left leg over her legs and pressed his body against her, he leant forward to kiss her on the lips. Chloe sighed as she felt the warmth of Mark's body against her cold skin and wrapped her arms around him.
The bulbous head of Mark's firm cock was resting against Chloe's pubic mound, the heat coming from it burning into her skin. Chloe pressed her legs against Mark's so that he would in turn spread his legs a little. As Mark moved to allow his legs to part his cock dropped between her thighs and when he pressed forward again he pressed his cock against her slippery wet lips and entered her warm vagina until his cock hit her cervix.
Chloe was taken by surprise at how easy Mark had entered her and sighed her approval. Mark lay still against her savouring the feeling of being engulfed by her vagina. Chloe clenched her muscles rhythmically around Mark's throbbing cock.
Mark started to slowly withdraw his cock then press it gently back into Chloe. Over and over again they enjoyed the feeling that they got from Mark's 8" long 2" wide cock sliding in Chloe's vagina.
Mark's pace started to pick up and Chloe's breathing became ragged as their excitement grew. Mark was pressing harder into Chloe on each thrust to the point that she was beginning to bounce on the bed. In Mark's enthusiasm Mark's cock slipped from Chloe and on the thrust slid off her perineum and over her butt-hole.
"No anal." Chloe warned as she pulled away when she felt Mark's cock head rub over her virgin hole.
Mark grabbed Chloe's legs behind the knees and lifted her ankles onto his shoulders so that he could get a deeper thrust into her pussy. He placed his cock back where they enjoyed it the most and pushed forward. He was sitting on his haunches as he thrust his hips forward causing his cock to rub the front of Chloe's vagina. He was leaning his weight against Chloe's legs and on his left arm, so he bought is right hand to her pubic mound before finding and rubbing her clit with his right index finger. Chloe gasped at the touch.
"Yes. Like that." She encouraged as Mark was rubbing both her clit and g-spot. Mark grunted as he caught the first note of his orgasm building in his groin. He thrust his cock harder against Chloe's g-spot and flicked her clit. He wanted to make her cum close to his own.
"Yes. Don't stop. I'm so close." Chloe told him between gasps caused by his thrusting into her.
Mark shifted his weight back slightly so that his cock pressed harder against Chloe's g-spot and pressed into her, at the same time he pinched her clit between his thumb and index finger.
Chloe's orgasm flashed over her like a lightning bolt. Her vagina clenched thigh against Mark's cock and she squirted once, twice, three times. With the curled position that Mark had her in her squirting caught him on the upper chest with some landing on her own breasts.
Mark couldn't hold his own orgasm any longer and with the help of her clenching vagina shot his own loads of cum deep in her pussy. While his cock was still deep inside Chloe, he let her legs go so she could lower them to the bed and they cuddled and kissed as their orgasms subsided.
"That was amazing." Chloe said.
"I know." Mark agreed as he slowly pumped his still hard cock slowly in Chloe's pussy as they each enjoyed gentle aftershocks of their orgasm.
They lay together, Mark on top of Chloe, for at least 10 minutes. Mark couldn't tell anymore he was in such a happy place. Slowly sliding in and out of Chloe's pussy as he started to drift off to sleep.
"Mark, I need to pee." Chloe said as she pushed against his chest.
"OK." He reluctantly said as he slowly pulled his cock from the warmth of Chloe's pussy.
"I think I need a quick shower too." Chloe told him, "I seem to have made a mess of us and the sheets."
"Do you want me to change them?" Mark asked as Chloe left the room.
"Yes please. They might get cold before they dry." Chloe said over her shoulder as she disappeared out the door.
Mark quickly fixed up the sheets and when he heard the toilet flush he walked into the bathroom and joined Chloe under the warm water. They quickly rinsed off and dried before returning to the bed.
"I think we need to get some sleep." Chloe said, "It's already 3am"
"I guess you are right." Mark said, "If you get the urge, you know where I am." He added as he wrapped his left arm over Chloe, resting his hand on her right breast.
Chloe shuffled her butt back against his still semi-erect cock with her left leg slightly raised. "And you know where I am." She added as she felt his hard member slide between her legs resting against her outer labia lips. She lowered her leg trapping his cock between her thighs.
Chloe reached over to turn the light off as Mark brushed her hair away from her neck and nuzzled into it. They fell asleep in their favourite position.
****************************
During the night they had both rolled onto their backs. Chloe stirred to the feel of Mark's cock in her left hand and a hand against her pussy lips.
It was still raining heavily, she could her the drops on the corrugated iron roof. It was light outside and when she looked at the time it was 9:30am. She needed to go to the toilet again and slowly slipped out of bed trying not to disturb Mark.
She pulled on a dressing gown as she knew it would be cold outside her room and took care of her needs. She then went to the lounge room and lit the kindling in the fireplace that had been set for looks since the weather had started to turn cold.
After the fire had caught and burning strong, she placed a large piece of red gum on the fire to keep it going until they surfaced from the bedroom. The fireplace in the lounge was the main form of heating the farmhouse and would heat both the kitchen and lounge.
Chloe returned to her room, took off the gown and slid back into bed beside Mark. However rather than aiming to put her head on her pillow she placed it on Mark's lower abdomen facing his still semi-erect cock. She wondered if the effect she had on him was healthy.
She took his cock in her right hand and pulled the foreskin back from the head while licking the slit at the end. Mark's cock twitched and got noticeably firming in her hand. She slid her hand up and down the shaft while licking at the head.
As Chloe caressed Mark's cock, it grew in length and girth until the tip was brushing her lips. She kissed his cock before opening her mouth and sucking the head between her lips.
She continued to slide her hand up and down the massive shaft while running her tongue around the head. She heard Mark sigh as he placed his right hand against the side of her right breast and started to stroke the soft flesh.
"Mmm, I like the way you wake me up." Mark said as Chloe sucked on is cock.
She released his cock from her lips with a noticeable 'pop'.
"Well, someone needed to take the lead. You weren't going to." Chloe said before sucking his cock between her lips again.
Mark's cock grew even longer and wider now he was awake, and Chloe started to suck his shaft into her mouth. Mark placed his hand on her hip and indicated for her to straddle his chest, which she did, and presented her open pussy to his mouth.
Mark sucked her outer lips into his mouth and ran his tongue between them tasting her juices hidden inside. He then ran his tongue over her clit causing Chloe to sigh around his cock as she swallowed it all the way to his balls before lifting her head while sucking hard. Mark's foreskin stretched as she did until his whole shaft had left Chloe's mouth and she had the skin between her lips. Mark couldn't believe how well she had learnt to include his foreskin in their oral play.
Mark sucked on Chloe's clit making it puffy before he parted her outer labia and sucked each inner lip into his mouth one at a time.
"Yes. Make me puffy down there." Chloe told him as she released the foreskin from her mouth.
Mark knew if he made Chloe's inner lips puffy enough she would feel her outer lips sliding on them for some time afterwards keeping her arousal high as they started their day. Mark sucked and licked on Chloe's pussy while she stroked and sucked his cock, all the while they both got closer to another orgasm.
When Mark was satisfied that Chloe was as puffy as he would get her, he spread her lips with the fingers of his left hand and inserted the index and middle finger of his right hand so that he could rub her g-spot. Chloe curled her back so that her pussy lowered to his touch.
Mark rubbed the sensitive spot at the front of her vagina and licked at her clit as her excitement built, she sucked on his cock in return.
"Oh, Mark I'm....." Chloe managed to mumble around his cock just as she squirted her juices into his waiting mouth. Swallowing as fast as he could, little of the liquid he desired so much escaped. Chloe was distracted by the wave of feelings sweeping her body as she had her first orgasm of the day and had stopped sucking on his cock. As she calmed her body she returned the cock she loved so much to her mouth and used a combination of stroking and sucking to return the pleasure. She was still getting aftershocks in her pussy as Mark gently fingered her vagina.
It only took another three strokes of Mark's cock before Chloe noticed his balls go tight and his cock twitch in her mouth. Before she knew it she was swallowing warm cum shooting from Mark's cock. When she had the last of his current load in her mouth she let his cock slip from her lips and turned around so she could snuggle against his chest.
"I love you Mark." Chloe said as she looked up at him while tracing her right index finger around his left nipple.
"I love you too Chloe." Mark replied as he ran his fingers through her long hair, bringing the ends up to drag over her pert nipples.
"That tickles." Chloe giggled as he did.
"Don't you like it?" Mark asked as he stopped.
"I do. Just telling you it tickles."
They snuggled for 20 minutes before Mark's stomach told them it was time for a real breakfast. They got out of bed, Chloe noticing that her inner lips were still puffy enough to feel them as she moved, she also noticed that Mark's cock was still rather close to a full erection.
"You must see someone about that erection." She joked.
"Don't you like it?" Mark asked.
"I do but it must take a lot of blood away from your brain." Chloe suggested.
"Maybe that is why I am always thinking of making love to you when I am with you." Mark told her as he was about to pull on some tracksuit pants.
"Hey, don't you need at least a gown out there? It looks like it will be freezing today." Mark asked as Chloe walked out of her bedroom still naked.
"Nope. I lit the fire when I got up earlier. It's toasty warm out here so I thought I would stay this way for a while longer." She told him. Mark dropped his pants and followed her out to the kitchen.
After getting a glass of orange juice and a plate of cereal with warm milk each, they walked into the lounge room, Mark sat in a big armchair facing the fire, his erection sticking straight up as he did so. Chloe noticed that he was ready to go again and decided to sit on his cock while she ate her breakfast. She put a foot between his and motioned that he spread them. Mark though she was going to sit on the floor between his feet as she had many times before.
Chloe turned around and in one motion lined her puffy pussy lips up with Mark's cock and sat down on his lap. She almost spilt her cereal in the process, managing at the last minute to level the plate. She placed her orange juice on the table beside the armchair and wriggled her bottom to make sure Mark's cock was safely planted in her vagina before she started eating.
"OK. I wasn't expecting that, but I can handle you sitting on me while we eat." Mark said before he too started eating.
"Don't you like it?" Chloe asked between mouthfuls as she clenched her muscles on his cock.
"Never said that. You know I like being in you as often as opportunity allows." Mark said.
"Well, I like you in me, so we are well matched." Chloe giggled
They ate their cereal and drank their juice as they watched the fire crackle in the fireplace. Chloe clenching her muscles to help keep Mark firm, as if that was needed when she was naked.
After they had finished their breakfast, they put the plates on the side table. Chloe got up from Mark's lap and placed another log on the fire. In doing so she had got down on her knees presenting Mark with a tantalising view of her still puffy pussy from behind. Mark took the opportunity presented to him, after she had the fire under control Mark placed is hand between her shoulder blades and indicated for her to put her hands on the floor. He then pushed her knees together and pulled her backward so that her butt was high in the air, her butt-hole and outer labia clearly in view behind her. He ran his finger up the crease of her pussy and spread her moisture around her lips, she even allowed him to rub some over her butt-hole without complaint.
Mark then shuffled up behind Chloe, holding his cock in his right hand he held the foreskin over the head and ran it up the crease between her lips gathering moisture on his cock. He repeated the process going down her slit to get the underside of his cock moist and when happy that he had spread enough moisture around her pussy he pushed the foreskin covered cock head between her puffy lips.
The combination of moisture and foreskin allowed his cock head to reach the entrance to her warm tunnel with ease and he slid into her until his balls were pressed against the backs of her thighs and pubic bone rested on her tailbone.
Chloe sighed at the stretch of his cock inside her, she hoped it would always feel so good when he first entered her. She pushed back hard trying to get more cock in her pussy, Mark pushed against her then withdrew almost all the way out before pushing in again. Chloe's head was down low and her back arched so that her butt was high in the air. Her vagina was so moist and relaxed that Mark barely felt his cock sliding in her until he hit her cervix, the only contact on his cock being the ring of muscle around her vagina opening and her cervix when he was totally inside her. He pumped in and out enjoying the sensation.
Chloe was getting excited; Mark could feel her vagina starting to clench and her breathing getting ragged again. He took hold of her long hair and pulled it back tight without being rough, the result was to make Chloe lift her head and then her body so that his cock started to rub against the g-spot at the front of her vagina.
Mark thrust against Chloe, each time pulling her hair gently as he did and releasing it when he withdrew, Chloe was quickly reaching another orgasm. She thrust her body back hard against Mark equally as hard as he against her.
"Mark, I'm going to cum again." Chloe said as she clenched her vagina hard on his cock. Mark thrusts forward hitting her cervix and pulled back before lining his left thumb up with her butt-hole and on the next thrust trapped his thumb between his pubic bone and the forbidden hole. He pressed his body hard against Chloe from behind and her body started to shake uncontrollably. She dropped to her elbows, pulling her butt away from Mark's pubic bone and thumb before squirted her juices all over his balls. Mark's own orgasm spread over him, and he shot another load of cum inside Chloe.
They collapsed to the floor in front of the fire before rolling to their sides, Mark still behind and inside Chloe.
"I wouldn't want a lot of that, but it felt nice this time." Chloe said as they caught their breath.
"A lot of hair polling?" Mark said, playing dumb.
"No. Playing with my butt-hole." Chloe said, "As long as it was on the outside. I don't think I will ever like something in my butt."
"Oh. That." Mark said still playing dumb as if it was an accident. He thrust his hips to move his cock inside Chloe as they lay in front of the fire enjoying the feelings of warmth and arousal.
They cuddled, spooned together, in front of the fire for a good half hour listening to the heavy rain on the iron roof, Mark slowly thrusting his hips while Chloe exercised her Kegel muscles on his cock. They may have drifted off to sleep had it not been for the sound of a vehicles motor revving and tyres splashing in puddles in the driveway.
Chloe was first to her feet and looked out the window.
"It's Mr Jackson." She said, "Quick get up and out of sight or put some clothes on."
Chloe raced to the bedroom and grabbed her gown and Mark followed her to stay out of sight.
Mr Jackson knocked on the door and Chloe waited a polite moment before opening it as she held her gown around her.
"Hi Chloe, is your dad home?" Mr Jackson asked.
"No Mr Jackson he and mum are away until Tuesday. Can I help?" Chloe said.
"I don't know dear." Mr Jackson said as he cocked his head sideways noticing that Chloe's gown wasn't covering her left breast properly, the nipple was clearly visible. In her haste to get covered she hadn't checked that it had covered her properly before tying the rope around her.
"We've had quite a downpour overnight and I noticed the dam on the creek has filled, and the spillway is blocked. The overflow is starting to wash away the bank." Mr Jackson told her.
"Oh dear." Chloe said in shock. "Would you be able to help us fix it?" Chloe asked as she motioned Mr Jackson to come in, "I just need to get dressed, we had a late night at the movies last night."
"We?" Mr Jackson queried.
"Yes Mark, my boyfriend, and I. We went to the movies last night then a bar and it was very late when we got to sleep. I'll just go get dressed and let him know we have work to do. Have a seat." Chloe told him as she headed for her bedroom.
As she walked into the room Mark lifted an eyebrow on seeing her left nipple showing.
"What?" Chloe whispered. Mark reached out and pinched her nipple, "Oh!" Chloe said as she blushed bright red.
"Quick we need to and fix the dam before it washes away." Chloe told him.
She pulled on her work skirt and a heavy jumper. Mark had already pulled on his work shorts and a think shirt on hearing the conversation in the kitchen.
They met Mr Jackson in the kitchen, and moved to the boot room where they all quickly pulled on their work boots.
"I'll get the loader." Chloe said, "Mark can you driver the tipper?"
"Yeah, I should be able to." Mark replied.
"And I have my tipper ute." Mr Jackson told them.
"Great, I'll meet you both down there." Chloe said as she grabbed the keys for both vehicles from the hook by the door and handed Mark the key for the tipper.
It wasn't long before they were busily working on clearing the debris from the spill way. A number of times while the tippers where being unloaded Chloe got down from the loader to move something by hand and it wasn't long before she had mud all up her legs, even under her skirt. The rain was coming down heavy and she was getting soaked through which made her regret having just pulled on a thick jumper, it was getting heavy and uncomfortable. If she were working with just Mark around she would have probably taken it off and worked topless however with Mr Jackson around she had to endure the discomfort.
After they had cleared the debris, she moved the loader to the gravel pit which was not far away from the dam and loaded the tippers with gravel and larger rocks to be placed on the bank to fix the wash-away that had started to form and once Mark and Mr Jackson had dumped it she levelled it with the loader.
Eventually the emergency had been averted, the spillway was clear again and the bank stabilised. They all went back to the farmhouse to get out of the cold and rain. Chloe was a sight when she got down from the loader, she was covered in mud from toe to tush and her jumper was so wet it felt like it weighed a tonne. Her long hair was plastered to the back of her jumper, and it was covered in mud from head to tip.
"You handle that machine like you were born on it." Mr Jackson complimented her.
"Thanks Mr Jackson. Keith taught me to drive it when I was 9." Chloe replied.
"Enough of the Mr Jackson, that's my father. Call me Peter." Mr Jackson told her.
"Thanks for your help, Peter. Would you like to stay for a hot cuppa? Mark can get it ready while I have quick shower. I've got mud everywhere." She looked at Mark and winked as she added the last statement.
"Sure, that would be appreciated." Peter replied as he turned the engine of his ute off. They walked from the machinery shed into the rain.
By the time they had reached the house the rain had rinsed most of the mud from Chloe's exposed legs and skirt however she could still feel it high on her thighs as she walked. Mark and Peter were not as covered in mud, having stayed mostly in their vehicles however they were now drenched. They all kicked their boots off in the boot room, Mark and Peter pulling off their jumpers before washing their hands in the laundry troughs. Chloe excused herself to have a shower and Mark boiled the kettle.
The house was warm as the fire was still burning, although it needed more wood to keep it going. When Chloe re-appeared from the shower, she had a white cotton t-shirt and floral pleated mid length skirt on. Her hair, now washed, was in a loose plait hanging down the middle of her back.
"Would you like a coffee?" Mark asked as he saw her coming into the kitchen.
"Yes please." She replied as she sat in a vacant chair.
They sat talking about the dam and farming in general while they drank their cuppas. When he had finished his coffee Peter looked at his watch and announced he had better get home.
Chloe thanked him again as he was pulling his muddy boots on outside the door to the boot room.
"Don't come out in the rain." He told Chloe as she was about to follow him to his ute to bid him farewell, it was the polite country thing to do, "You'll get all wet again."
"Thanks Peter. Drive safe." Chloe replied as she waved from the door.
When Chloe returned to the lounge Mark was looking at her with a crazy smile.
"What?" Chloe asked.
"Should I be jealous or worried?" Mark asked in reply.
"Well first you greet Peter with your left nipple on display, then you put on a t-shirt that is a size small for you and sit opposite him while sipping coffee." Mark said in a teasing tone.
Chloe looked down and to her horror saw that he was right, she had pulled on a t-shirt that was supposed be returned to the shop next time she was shopping as it had been marked with the wrong size. Although her breasts were only an A-cup size the material was pulled tight across them and their shape was clearly outlined, her nipples were even more noticeable.
"Why didn't you say something?" Chloe asked while blushing.
"Well, you hadn't noticed, and Peter was doing a great job of not staring so I just enjoyed the view." Mark said cheekily as he rubbed her nipple through the material.
Chloe placed her hands on the bottom hem of the t-shirt and pulled it over her head, she intended on returning it so didn't want to get it dirty.
"So, do you like this view better?" Chloe asked as she cupped her small breasts in her hands and ran her thumbs over her nipples.
"It is pretty nice." Mark agreed, "But I like this better." As he stepped forward and pushed her skirt from her hips and let it drop to the floor before pulling Chloe close and kissing her passionately.
Chloe worked the buttons on Mark's shirt and when they were undone pushed it from his shoulders before popping the buttons on his shorts and undoing his zip. His shorts quickly joined her skirt in the pile of clothes, his erect cock sticking straight up from his groin.
"Mmm, glad to see your ready, lay on your back in front of the fire." Chloe told Mark as she pushed on his chest.
Chloe straddled his legs, opening her pussy for Mark to run his finger along her slit. He brushed her clit and she sighed. Chloe shuffled her knees on the mat and moved her pussy closer to Mark's cock then pushed her hips forward so that her pussy lips wrapped around the base of his rock-hard cock.
Moving her hips forward she slid her pussy along his shaft until just the head was visible between her lips then slid back down until she felt his balls. Mark reached up to her breasts and gently kneaded them in his hands before taking her nipples between his thumbs and index fingers and gently twisting the nubs of sensitive flesh. Chloe leant her head back in a sign of pleasure and the loose hair at the end of her long plait brushed against Mark's thighs. She kept her head back as she slid along his cock again and her hair brushed against Mark's balls. His cock twitched between Chloe's pussy lips from the sensation.
"I love us, Mark." Chloe whispered as she gave and took pleasure in equal amounts from her movements.
"I love us too Chloe. Why did we wait so long?" Mark replied.
"I don't know." Chloe said as she rubbed her pussy on Mark's cock and fingered her clit with her right index and middle fingers, something she didn't normally do when they were making love however Mark was busy with her breasts, and she didn't want him to stop.
Mark noticed Chloe's fingers at work and couldn't remember a time he had seen her play with her pussy, he said nothing in case she stopped, although the sight of Chloe's actions seemed to make his cock swell larger.
Chloe reached her left hand behind her and took hold of her plait, then used the hair tips to tease Mark's balls and upper thighs as she continued to finger herself and slid on his cock. Mark's caressing of her breasts was doing the usual thing of making her wetter and Mark was starting to lift his hips to meet her grinding on his cock.
Each time Chloe slid forward so that his cock head was close to her tunnel he would flex his hips to move it closer to entering her. Chloe would stop in time and move away however it was getting harder to avoid as she was now dripping so much moisture from her vagina.
It was Chloe's fingers that eventually bought her resolve undone, as she slid forward her index and middle slipped from her clit and into her warm tunnel. She froze at the sensation; she had only ever masturbated when Mark was away and the warmth on her fingers finally made her realise what she was doing. She looked down at Mark and blushed, Mark just smiled back at her and lifted his hips. Chloe had stopped moving with the head of Mark's cock right under her vagina, her fingers created a barrier to his cock sliding past her opening and instead pushed into her vagina alongside her fingers.
"Oh Mark, that makes me so full. I love the extra stretch." Chloe said after the surprise had faded.
"Uh, yeah. It feels so tight." Mark managed between breaths as he pumped his cock in and out of Chloe from below.
"I don't know if I can last long." Chloe told him as she held her fingers still and felt Mark's cock sliding past her knuckles.
"Me neither." Mark confirmed as Chloe started to lift herself up and done on her knees to help Mark's movements. Chloe curled her fingers to reach her g-spot however she could not reach it in this position, so she concentrated on holding her fingers still and rubbed her clit with her thumb. When Mark's cock retreated from her pussy she dropped her whole weight unto him, his cock hit her cervix and her hand was jammed hard against her clit.
Chloe's vagina clenched tight as her orgasm gripped her body. Mark's followed almost simultaneously and he coated her vagina with another load of hot cum. As he continued to pump his cock into Chloe his cum coated her fingers before falling from her vagina. Chloe was in an orgasmic bliss and had little control over her body. Each shot of cum from Mark seemed to cause another shiver of pleasure to wash over her. She collapsed to Mark's chest and lay there exhausted, her hand trapped between their bodies still against her pussy.
Mark wrapped his arms around Chloe and kissed her on the forehead. His cock still twitching inside her as he came down from his own high. They lay in front of the fire for a while, enjoying the warmth and each other's bodies.
Chloe eventually sat up, Mark's cock still firm enough to be inside her, he flexed his muscles so that his cock moved inside her vagina, and she clenched her vagina muscles in reply.
"Keep that idea in mind." She said, but right now I need to put dinner on, and we need more wood for the fire.
"OK." Mark said as Chloe stood up and his cock fell against his lower abdomen.
Mark found some shoes that were not covered in mud and went out into the rain to fetch wood from the woodshed. He didn't worry about a raincoat, he could dry off easily when he returned.
Chloe had taken a small roast from the freezer on Friday so just had to put it in the oven. She turned the oven on to pre-heat while she prepared the vegetables that she would add to the tray when the roast was half done. She too had stayed naked however put an apron on so that any fat spatter wouldn't burn her tender parts when she put the roast in. Once the oven was at temperature, she put the roast in the oven and then went looking for Mark.
She smiled as she saw him carrying the last load of wood from the shed, arms loaded high and cock swinging low as he walked naked in the rain.
"What if someone drove in?" Chloe asked as he got closer.
"Good luck to them." Mark replied with a grin.
"Your terrible." Chloe said as she helped him place the wood in the boot room.
"What do you want to do now." Chloe asked.
"Well, there isn't much to do outside. It's still raining heavy and doesn't look like it is going to let up any time soon." Mark said
"What about a game of chess?" Chloe suggested.
"Naked chess in front of an open fire. You are a bad influence young miss." Mark teased.
"I'm a bad influence? Who has had me running around naked all day?"
"I've never run around naked all day until today so it must be your influence." Mark told her.
Chloe grinned and punched him on the arm as she walked past him to find the chess board. Mark needed to relieve himself and then he returned to the lounge he found Chloe on her knees head in a low cupboard. Her butt was high in the air and her knees were spread so that her pussy lips were clearly on show. Mark's cock reacted instantly, and he moved in behind her. He ran his left index finger from her clit, between her folds and over her butt-hole.
"I'm looking for the chess board." Chloe said as she swatted his hand away before returning to the cupboard.
Mark repeated the action with his index finger running it from her clit to her butt-hole, this time leaving the tip resting against the forbidden hole. Chloe didn't complain and if anything, he thought she might have pressed backward against his finger.
Chloe found the chess board and moved to turn around, Mark's hand left her butt and came to rest on her pubic mound as she did, he moved his fingers lower and brushed her clit.
"Haven't you had enough of me yet?" Chloe asked.
"Never." Mark replied.
"Well behave yourself and get ready to be annihilated." Chloe said as she pulled a coffee table between the two armchairs and started to setup the chess board.
Chloe inevitably won every game. It wasn't that Mark was a hopeless player, he was letting himself be distracted by Chloe. In order to reach the chess board from the armchairs they both sat with their legs spread wide. Although Mark's cock was proudly standing erect Chloe was able to ignore it, Mark on the other hand could not keep his eyes of Chloe's open pussy and kept missing obvious moves.
Around 5pm Chloe made them an evening drink and they shared a bottle of red wine with the roast at dinner time, which they ate while still naked.
After they had taken care of the dishes, they settled down in front of the fire to watch TV. They rearranged the furniture so that the couch was in front of the fire and they spooned as they snuggled, Mark with his arm around Chloe's chest cupping her breast.
After the program they were watch finished Chloe sat up.
"Mark. Would you think badly of me if I suggested we watch an adult movie?" Chloe asked tentatively. Mark's jaw dropped open as he stared at Chloe.
"You think I'm perverted?" Chloe said looking away from him.
"No. No. Not at all." Mark managed to say, "Just when did you get hold of an adult movie?"
"When I picked up a vibrator." Chloe told him, still not able to look him in the eye.
Mark cupped her chin and turned her head so he could look her in the eye, "I don't think badly of you, and I have been trying to think of the right way to ask if you wanted to watch one with me."
Chloe sighed and smiled, "So do you?" she asked.
"Of course I would." Mark replied. Chloe stood up and went to her room, returning with a video tape. She leant down to the machine and put the tape in and pressed play. She then returned to the couch; Mark was still laying along it so she spooned up to him again. Her butt resting against his erection, she wriggled against him and smiled as his cock twitched in response.
Mark reached around her body and placed his left hand on her pubic mound, Chloe lifted her left leg, bending it at the knee and placed her foot against her right knee to form an "A" shape with her left leg. This gave Mark open access to her pussy, she reached between her legs and manoeuvred his cock so it rested between her legs, and she could stroke his shaft.
They settled down to watch and play. The first scene was standard guy on girl, she had big breasts and the hair on her pussy was trimmed short over her mound with her lips shaved clean. His cock wasn't overly impressive. Mark and Chloe caressed each other which gave them more excitement than the scene on the screen.
The second scene was also guy on girl, he was dark skinned and had a huge cock, she was tiny with small breasts and bald pussy. Chloe noticed Mark's cock swell when he saw the girl and she was intrigued where she was going to put all that cock.
Mark and Chloe watched with excitement and caressed each other vigorously during the scene. Mark moved his left hand to Chloe's breast and tweaked her nipple and Chloe brushed her hand against her clit as she stroked Mark's cock. Mark was moving his hips to help Chloe stoke him.
When the guy moved in behind the girl and placed the head of his massive cock against the opening to her tiny vagina Mark moved his hips so Chloe could line his cock up with her own vagina. Mark and the guy moved in unison. The girl 'screamed' and Chloe sighed. Chloe lowered her left leg and they moved slowly so they could enjoy the pleasure of Mark being once again inside Chloe's vagina and watched the movie. Over the course of the next 3 scenes they saw girl on girl, two guys and a girl which included a double penetration scene. Chloe didn't look away from the anal scenes as Mark thought she would, in fact her vagina muscles clenched as it was happening as if she was enjoying some thought. The final scene was another guy and girl scene with everything except anal.
The girl in the final scene had bar bell piercings in her nipples, as well as piercings in her belly button and two rings in her inner labia lips. Mark had been fantasising about Chloe getting a piercing ever since their friend Morgan had shown off her's by the river during the summer.
"Ever thought about getting your nipples pierced?" Mark asked as he slowly pumped his cock in Chloe's pussy and pinched her left nipple.
"I thought about it once, until Morgan told me how much it hurt." Chloe replied.
"So, I guess your pussy is definitely out?" Mark continued.
"Definitely. I have thought about getting my belly button done occasionally, especially after seeing some of the girls in these videos. Mum would flip though." Chloe told him.
"So, getting your nipples or pussy pierced would be easier to hide." Mark suggested.
"Probably not. Haven't you noticed how much of an exhibitionist you have made me." Chloe said as she squeezed her pussy on Mark's cock.
"I hadn't noticed." Mark replied with a cheeky grin on his face.
Mark kept his slow thrusting movements going as Chloe's vagina muscles clenched around his cock at the mention of intimate piercings, she obviously had some secret desire to experiment.
"It could be exciting to flash a pierced nipple or pussy. The glint of light from her pussy does look nice." Chloe admitted while watching the movie.
As the final scene neared its conclusion Mark and Chloe were moving their hips in time with the couple on screen and just as the guy came in the girl's pussy Mark and Chloe had their own orgasms. The movie now forgotten they rode out their pleasure and then lay together catching their breath. The tape reached the end and the machine automatically rewound it.
Chloe eventually moved off Mark's cock and stood up. She went to the TV and bent at the hips to remove the video from the machine, Mark could see her puffy pussy lips between her legs, and he thought he could see a bead of his cum between them.
"My cum doesn't drip from your pussy like it did in the video." Mark noted.
"You cum so deep in me it doesn't often drip out. Straight away anyway." Chloe told him, "I tend to get little reminders for hours afterwards. I kind of like it that way as it is a reminder of how naughty we have been."
After taking the video out of the machine Chloe started for her bedroom, wriggling her naked butt as she passed Mark, "Let's get ready for bed. I think I need more of you in me if you have any left." Chloe told him.
"I'm sure I do." Mark said as he got up to follow her.
10 minutes later they were in bed. Chloe was sitting on Mark's face and he was licking her slit while rubbing her clit. Chloe had her left hand wrapped around his cock while she steadied herself with the right. Mark's tongue was spreading her lips and he was sucking her inner lips to make them puffy.
Chloe sighed as she enjoyed the feelings Mark delivered to her pussy. She loved the way he stretched her lips while getting them puffy.
Chloe stood up so she could turn around and lowered her pussy back to Mark's mouth before leaning forward and taking his cock into her own mouth. Mark returned to sucking on Chloe's inner labia lips to make them as puffy as he could get them.
His left hand cupping her pubic mound and middle finger caressing her clit. His right hand was resting on her right butt-cheek and his index and middle fingers were sliding back and forth from her now soaking wet pussy to her butt-hole each time taking more moisture with them. He let his finger tips rest over her virgin hole and pressed against it on each stroke, Chloe didn't say anything and more than once seemed to push back against his fingers. Mark got brave and bent his middle finger over her butt-hole so that if she pushed back it would be lined up to enter, Chloe pushed back and his middle finger sank into her butt to the first knuckle from the fingertip. Mark held his hand perfectly still as Chloe clenched the ring of muscles around her hole and sighed. Chloe moved her hips so that his finger left her hole and rested against the outside again then after waiting about a minute pushed back again. Mark's finger sank to the second knuckle. Chloe held still and clenched her muscles before she moved her hips again and Mark's finger left her hole. Nothing was said and to Mark's disappointment it didn't happen again.
Chloe rolled over onto her back and lifted her knees to her breasts. Mark needed no instruction; he placed his cock at her tunnel entrance and pressed is cock until his balls hit her butt.
Mark pumped his cock deep into Chloe and within minutes they were again swept away in their own orgasms. Each jet of Mark's seed hitting Chloe's cervix setting in motion another contraction in Chloe's vagina.
Spent, Mark collapsed on Chloe's chest after letting her lower her legs and he rolled them onto their sides so he could remain in Chloe's pussy without his weight being on her.
"Good night lover." Chloe said.
"Good night" Mark replied as they settled down.
****************************
When Mark opened his eyes daylight was just starting to lighten the room. They hadn't been closing the curtains when they went to bed, after all they were on a farm with no neighbours within cooee and the window did not face the road so no one would see in when the light was on. The rain had eased up however it was still falling and drummed on the iron roof.
The heater in Chloe's room kept it warm enough that they didn't need to pull up the covers and even in the dim dawn light Mark could clearly see Chloe's naked body lying beside him. She was facing away from him lying on her left side. Her left leg was out straight, and her right was bent 90 degrees at the hip and knee exposing her delectable pussy to view.
Mark could see her right hand was between her legs and her fingers appeared to be caressing her clit. Although she seemed to be asleep she was obviously giving herself pleasure. She had been masturbating a lot more of over this weekend, to Mark's delight. Mark's cock was already hard when he woke so he rolled over towards Chloe and ran the head along her slit.
Chloe moaned, Mark couldn't tell if it was from his cock touching her pussy lips or from her fingering herself, either way his arousal increased knowing Chloe was enjoying. He let go of his cock and ran the middle finger of his right hand between her wet lips being careful not to bump her fingers and disturb her efforts. With her own fingers still firmly rubbing her clit Chloe pushed her butt backwards to encourage Mark's touch.
Mark slipped his middle finger onto the opening to her vagina and let it slide deep inside as Chloe pushed backward against him
"Morning stud." Chloe said sleepily, "Ready to give me more of your cum?".
"Definitely." Mark replied as he stroked his middle finger along the back wall of Chloe's vagina.
"Fill me up. Please." Chloe sighed as she rolled onto her back and lifted her right knee to her breast to give Mark free access to her pussy.
Mark manoeuvred his left leg so that it was out straight and tucked behind Chloe's, and tucked his right knee in behind her's bringing his hard cock close to pussy.
He pulled his hips backwards so he could access his cock with his right hand and pulled the foreskin over his cock's head holding tight over the tip. Chloe spread her lips with the middle and ring finger of her left hand while she continued to rub her clit with her thumb. Mark placed the covered tip of his cock at Chloe's opening and pushed his hips towards her. His cock slide between the wet folds of her pussy and as he went deeper into her his foreskin pulled back over his cock.
"You do that so nicely." Chloe commented as she squeezed his cock with her pussy.
"Thank you. I've had a good teacher." Mark replied.
Mark couldn't do much with his left hand in this position, but his right had good access to Chloe's clit or breasts.
Chloe already had her left hand on her pussy and right hand ready to caress his cock as he pulled it from her vagina, so he opted to caress her breasts and pinch her nipples.
"Yes, like that." Chloe sighed.
Mark thrust his hips forward driving the head of his cock hard against Chloe's cervix and held it there so that he stretched her vagina out.
"I love it when you are so deep inside me." Chloe told him as she turned her head towards him. Mark rolled his upper body around Chloe and kissed her on the lips before devouring her mouth. His tongue sliding between her lips and probing her mouth as his cock did her vagina. Chloe sighed around his tongue.
Mark withdrew his cock until he could feel Chloe's labia lips engage at the rim between his cock head and shaft then pushed deep back into her. He repeated the motion, this time Chloe clenched her pussy against his cock as he withdrew, increasing the drag on his cock. He held at her entrance for two breaths then pushed it home again and stopped deep inside.
Chloe was playing with her clit with her left hand while Mark pinched her nipples with his right. Chloe's pussy was dripping juices from her arousal.
It wasn't long before they were both nearing their orgasmic climaxes, Chloe had been thinking about the video from last night, how in everyone one the guy's cum would leak from the girls pussies as soon as they withdrew.
"I want you to pull out a bit when you cum." Chloe told him.
"Why? You like it deep." Mark said.
"So, I can feel you drip from me when I stand up." Chloe told him.
"OK. As long as you're sure." Mark replied with a little trepidation.
"If I don't like it, we don't need to do it again." Chloe assured him.
Mark knew he was close so started pumping his cock only halfway into Chloe's tunnel. She gripped his shaft with her right hand and held it against her pussy so that she was stroking Mark with her hand and pussy with each thrust. When Mark's pubic bone hit her hand, he pushed her fist against her pussy causing her opening to stretch as her little finger was driven against her opening. Chloe liked the feeling of the extra stretch this gave her although she couldn't do anything to capitalise on it.
Mark couldn't resist the extra arousal that Chloe's touch provided and drove hard against her fist as he shot his cum into her tunnel. Chloe felt it hit the walls of her vagina but it wasn't the same as when he came deep inside her, so she didn't have her normal orgasmic response to his hot seed filling her.
Mark's urge to push deep had him pushing Chloe's fist hard against her pussy lips and clit which managed to give her some relief from the tension of arousal however Mark was soon finished unloading his cum and he pulled his cock from Chloe's pussy. His juices followed his cock and ran down over Chloe's butt hole onto the sheets. Chloe reached between her legs and felt the wet mess that had been formed.
"Nope don't like it." She told him as she stood up to go to the toilet. Mark looked at the mess dripping from her pussy and running down her legs as she walked away, his cock twitching at the sight of his seed dripping from Chloe. The primal need to know he had potentially impregnated her kicking in, even though he knew she was on the pill.
"I much prefer you deep inside me. It's less messy and feels better." Chloe told him when she returned from the toilet.
"Yeah. I much prefer the feeling of being deep inside when I cum too." Mark confirmed as Chloe climbed into bed beside him and they snuggled.
There was no fire burning when they got up for breakfast so Chloe wore her robe and Mark put on tracksuit pants and t-shirt. They ate breakfast at the kitchen table as they talked about what they would do for the day.
"I need to wash the sheets. I don't know how I would explain 4 sets of sheets for 3 nights." Chloe told him.
"OK. I would like to go to town and get some new cloths for work. I have a 4 week away trip coming up." Mark said.
"It's a plan then. The washing should only take an hour then we can go shopping." Chloe said as she took care of the breakfast dishes.
"I think I need a shave." Mark said as he stood up from the table.
"No worries. You do that while I get the washing organised." Chloe told him, "Then I will have a shower, that will give the machine time to fill so I don't get hot/cold flushes." Chloe added with a giggle.
"I hope you are a long way from having hot flushes." Mark replied as he gave her a kiss and hug before heading for the bathroom.
Mark was finished his shave when Chloe arrived in the bathroom.
"I lit the fire before I came in." Chloe told him, "Could you check it when you are done?"
She dropped her robe to the floor exposing her naked body to Mark. His cock noticeably twitched on his tracksuit pants. Chloe reached for the bulge and squeezed his cock.
"If you are good, I will let you make me cum before we go shopping. I didn't get a good release earlier." Chloe said as she released his cock and stepped into the shower.
Mark pinched her bottom as the shower door closed on his arm and Chloe made an exaggerated scene of soaping up her pussy and breasts before turning her back and wetting her hair.
Mark went to tend the fire and waited for Chloe to finish her shower. It was 20 minutes before she came into the lounge room. A towel wrapped around her body and another around her hair. The fire was warming the room nicely as Mark stood up and embraced her. He placed his right hand under her chin and lifted her mouth to his for a kiss.
"So, I believe you need a release." Mark said playfully as his left hand dropped to her right butt cheek and squeezed.
"I do indeed. I need to feel you fill me up deep so I can carry your reminder around while we shop." Chloe told him.
"That can be arranged." Mark said as he released her towel from around her body and spread it in front of the fire. He then guided Chloe to lay on the towel on her back before he knelt beside her.
Mark kissed her on the lips before turning his attention to her neck where he placed five kisses from left ear to right while going over her adam's apple.
He then started to kiss down the outside edge of the swell of her right breast until he was below it and moved up between her breasts until level with her nipples. He repeated the movement in reverse around her left breast until he was back at her neck near her left ear.
He caressed her arms at the same time, working on the opposite arm to the breast he was kissing. His fingers running from shoulder to fingertip and back to armpit.
Chloe sighed as he returned to kissing her cleavage before he traced a line of kisses down her belly to her navel.
"I think you would look cute with a belly button piercing." Mark said when he kissed the cute dimple in her stomach.
"Maybe one day I will get brave." Chloe told him, "Now stop talking and fill me up." Chloe said as she reached her hand for his cock, still hidden in his tracksuit pants.
Mark stood up, removed his shirt and pants, releasing his already erect cock to Chloe's view, and straddled her lower legs so he could lean forward and kiss her belly again. His erection pressed against the gap between her shins.
"Stop teasing me, the washing will be done soon." Chloe complained as Mark kissed over her hairless pubic mound before reaching her clit.
His tongue flicked at her sensitive bud as she sighed again and spread her thighs as far as she could with Mark laying on her lower legs. From his position he couldn't get his mouth any lower on Chloe's pussy, so he kissed back up her body until he had his mouth on her right breast. He sucked the nipple into his mouth and ran his tongue around the areola before flicking the nipple with his tongue. His cock was now pressed against Chloe's upper thighs and she could feel the head pressing against her clit.
"Please." Chloe pleaded as she lifted her hips against his weight.
Mark spread his knees so Chloe could do the same and as she did so he arched his back so that his cock would point into her thigh gap. She was so wet with her juices they were at her entrance and as soon as Mark's cock spread her lips he slid inside.
"Ahh yes." Chloe sighed as she felt his wide cock stretch her tunnel as he slowly pressed his full length inside her until he felt her cervix at his tip.
"Hold there." Chloe said, "I love you stretching me."
"I love stretching you." Mark confirmed as he twitched his cock in her tunnel.
"We don't have much time. I need you to fill me while I cum." Chloe said.
Mark acknowledged the challenge and started to flex his hips, his cock withdrawing and sliding home with purpose. Each thrust pushing the breath from Chloe's lungs. Oomph, Ahh, Oomph as Mark pounded Chloe's pussy.
Mark was getting close to cumming however as he hadn't worked all his foreplay magic on Chloe she wasn't. He withdrew his cock until he felt her lips against the rim of his cock head, then pulled free, his cock pointing straight at her clenching opening that was now left empty. Only a matter of centimetres from the opening but not touching. When he was sure his cock was lined up again with Chloe's opening he pushed forward, entering her again and driving all the way until his pubic bone pressed on her clit.
"Yes. Take me." Chloe said as he repeated the movement leaving her pussy empty then invading until it was filled with his cock. The angle of entry pressed his cock head hard against her g-spot as it passed over with each thrust.
"Yes. Oomph. Yes." Chloe grunted with each movement. Her pussy muscles clenched tight around Mark's cock with each thrust. They were both nearing their orgasms when Mark pressed his cock deep inside Chloe's vagina and released his hot seed against her cervix. Chloe clenched tight and her body started to convulse under Mark's weight.
Each clenching convulsion causing Mark to deposit more of his juices high in Chloe's vagina and another tremor of pleasure erupted from her.
It took the best part of a minute for them to regain themselves before Mark rolled off Chloe, removing his still firm cock from her pussy in the process. Chloe lifted her knees up, causing her pelvis to lift as well.
"That was very nice." Chloe said when she could control her breathing. "I'm sure that will stay put for a while. I love when you cum deep inside." She added as she ran her fingers through Mark's hair.
They lay in front of the fire enjoying the warmth, Chloe took the towel off her hair to allow it to dry a bit before she had to do something with it to go out. The washing machine interrupted their time by beeping to announce the cycle was done.
"I'll put the sheets in the dryer while you finish getting ready." Mark told Chloe as they stood up. In the process a little dribble of their juices dripped from Chloe's pussy. "See in deep it only makes a little mess." Chloe said as she turned to go to the bathroom.
When Mark returned from the laundry Chloe as the bathroom doing her hair. She had it up in a bun with the excess hair hanging loosely down her back and coming to just above her waistline. A light blue long sleeve silk blouse with a deep V neckline showing her cleavage to below nipple line. Her nipples were making their usual presence known by pushing little points in the material over her breasts. She had a full-length wrap skirt on that had a complementing light blue floral print.
"You will get cold in that." Mark said with concern.
"I've got my woolly jacket that will keep me warm." Chloe assured him, "plus if I get a little chill these will stay firmer than usual." Chloe said with a devilish smile as she pinched her right nipple for effect.
"Go get dressed. When you are done can you bring my drop earrings back with you." Chloe said.
It took Mark less than two minutes to get his dark blue chino pants, a shirt and jumper on. He then went to Chloe's jewellery box to get her diamond drop earrings for her. When he lifted the lid he found she had two pairs, one set made for pierced ears the other set was antique clip on style. He knew Chloe had pierced ears, so he took those to her.
"Here are your earrings." Mark announced as he returned to the bathroom, Chloe had given up on her hair and just brushed it out straight, so it hung below her bottom and was doing her make-up. She turned to him and saw which one's he had in his hand.
"Thanks. Could you get the other set too please?" Chloe said as she took the pierced ear set from his hand.
"You mean the clip-ons too." Mark queried, "But you can't wear them both at the same time."
"I can if my idea works." Chloe told him, Mark went back to Chloe's room confused. When he returned a few seconds later Chloe saw him coming and sat on the vanity after spreading her wrap skirt to expose her naked pussy. She was true to her word she was going knicker free for the whole long weekend. Mark's cock came to a semi-firm state almost instantly on seeing her wet pussy.
"See if you can clip them on the inner lips up near my clit." Chloe said as she held her skirt up.
Mark knelt between her legs and carefully pinched her left inner lip before placing the earring clip over it. Chloe flinched at the pinch as he closed the clip, he looked up at her with concern as she smiled and nodded. Mark repeated the process on the right lip, taking a little time to make sure they were lined up and then closed the clip. Chloe flinched again.
"You, OK?" Mark asked.
"Yeah. Just a little pinch when the clip closed." Chloe said as she stood in front of the mirror and looked at her pussy. The drop earrings were made of gold and diamond, which glinting in the light, and hung an inch from the clip. They had been Chloe's great-grandmother's and been given to her when her grandmother died when Chloe was 8. She'd worn them on her ears many times even after getting piercings and knew that they had some weight to them not like her modern earrings that currently adorned her ears.
"How does it feel?" Mark asked.
"Interesting. I don't feel the pinch that was there when you did them up. But that is the same as on my ears." Chloe told him as she swung her hips side to side, "and I feel the weight as they swing. Nothing mind blowing but nice." Chloe added as she watched the earrings shimmer as they swung gently at her pussy. She let her skirt drop into place to Mark's dismay. He tried to lift it to get another look and Chloe shooed him away.
"I need to finish. Go check the fire and get it ready for us to leave it while we are out." She told him.
Chloe finished getting ready and walked to the lounge to meet Mark. "Ready?" He asked.
"Ready." Chloe replied as she picked up her keys and Mark led the way to the door. He held the fly screen open while Chloe locked the house and they walked briskly to his car. It was still raining although it was more a shower then a downpour.
"Check the gauge before we go." Chloe told Mark as walked past it.
"137mm, that's 5.5 inches." Mark told her.
"Lucky we bought the tractor up on Saturday." Chloe said as Mark opened the door for her.
Chloe took her coat off before getting in and the cool air had an instant impact on her nipples which stood out forming larger tents in her silk blouse. She quickly stepped into the car and temporarily forgetting her pussy was adorned sat down with the dangles between her thighs, in the process pulling on her pussy lips. She quickly lifted her bottom up to relieve the issue before placing her hand over her skirt covered pussy and pushing the dangles aside as she sat back down.
"Everything OK?" Mark queried.
"Yeah. Just didn't think about how to sit with earrings on my pussy." Chloe smiled, "All fixed now."
Mark got into the driver's seat and by the time they were on the road they had adopted their now normal driving posture, Chloe's hand in Mark's lap squeezing his cock through his pants and in this instance Mark's hand through the split of Chloe's wrap skirt and fondling her wet slit, occasionally tugging the dangles of the earrings.
"I love the way you tease me, Mark." Chloe sighed as the Mark's caresses sent small shock waves through her pussy.
"I'm glad you enjoy it." Mark replied.
"I do. I can't believe we waisted so much time over the years when we both thought the same of each other." Chloe said.
"It might not have been as special if we got together at school." Mark mused.
"You could be right." Chloe conceded as she looked across at Mark and smiled while caressing his cock.
They teased and caressed each other for the 45-minute drive, only stopping when they approached the busy city centre, in the daylight they may shock some poor old lady who happened to look in the window as she crossed the street at an intersection. By this time Mark's cock was dripping pre-cum as it usually did when Chloe's touch was prolonged. He was glad he had worn dark coloured pants to hide any wet spot.
Chloe's pussy was wet from their activities while waiting for the washing to finish however any moisture she was leaking stayed between her legs so wet spots were not an issue for her.
After parking the car, Mark opened Chloe's door for her and held up her coat so she could put it on. The temperature had dropped since they left home and after being in the warm car the chill had in instant impact on Chloe's nipples, Mark was sure if they stood any sharper, they would slice through the delicate silk material of Chloe's blouse. That and the plunge of the V neck gave Mark ample to think about as they walked the streets doing their shopping.
Walking hand in hand they browsed the shops. Mark would occasionally put his arm around Chloe's waist and then let his hand drop to her skirt covered bottom where he would cup her cheek with this hand.
In the quieter clothing shops, they invited each other into the change rooms as they tried on various garments, both conceding that they should put a pair of underwear on before trying any pants or shorts. The sight of Chloe's naked body in such a semi-public location as a change room had Mark's cock constantly in a state of semi-erection. He especially liked the way that the dressing room light sparkled on the diamonds in the dangly earrings hanging from Chloe's labia. Chloe would push his hand away if it was her turn to be showing off however Mark accepted her stroking his cock when it was his turn.
At lunch time they went to their favourite caf, they knew most of the staff by name through having been there many times before and they were greeted by Sally, the owner's 19 year old daughter, who asked them where they would like to sit. The caf had a bench seat around the walls with table combinations for 2, 4 & 6 people with half the seats being the bench and the other half being chairs set on the opposite side of the table. The centre of the caf had standard tables and chairs in similar groupings. Mark and Chloe suggested a 4-seater on the wall where they sat side-by-side on the bench seat.
The Sally bought over a menu, water bottle and glasses and left them to make their choices. Once she had left Mark leant over to Chloe and gave her a kiss on the cheek before putting his right arm around her shoulders and his left hand through the slit in her skirt. Chloe gave him a questioning look as his fingers found the point where her thigh gap met her pussy. He just smiled at her and looked at her menu as he pressed his middle finger into the gap that widened as Chloe shifted her feet and knees slightly apart.
The table was large enough that anyone who casually looked their way would just see a loved-up couple cuddling while selecting food. Anyone closer to the table, especially to the side would see Mark's hand was under Chloe's skirt.
Sally returned shortly to take their order and stood to Chloe's side of the table where she would normally if there were 3 or 4 people at the table. Mark remained cuddling Chloe with his left hand under her skirt, middle finger sliding up and down the gap between Chloe's thighs and outer labia. As Sally took their order as discreetly as she could however it was obvious that she knew what Mark was doing, her eyes had drifted from her notepad to Chloe's crotch several times before she lifted them to look them in the eye, plus there was a distinct blush appearing at the edges of her make-up.
"You embarrassed the poor girl." Chloe said after Sally had left with their order.
"Do you think so?" Mark asked with a cheeky smile as he continued to rub Chloe's pussy.
When Sally returned with their order Mark sat up straight and removed his arm from around Chloe's shoulders so he could eat, however he only did so while Sally was putting the plate in front of Chloe so she could see his hand appear from under the skirt flap. He looked at Sally and grinned. Sally dropped her eyes and smiled back.
Sally returned after they had finished their meal to clear the empty plates and took an order for tea and coffee. When she returned with the hot drinks Mark was again cuddling Chloe and had his hand under her skirt. Sally smiled at them, this time holding eye contact once it was made. The lunch rush had eased so they chatted with Sally for a while, Mark kept his hand under Chloe's skirt as they did until it was time to drink his cuppa, and then made sure Sally was looking down when he did move his hand. Her initial embarrassment obviously managed as there was now no sign of blushing, just her eyes following the movement of his hand. She left Mark and Chloe to enjoy their drinks.
"I think we need to get moving." Chloe said as she looked at her watch and saw it was already 1:30. They needed to make the last payment on their first holiday together and the travel agent closed at 2. They got up and went to pay for their lunch, Sally was at the till.
"Thanks so much for lunch." Chloe said as she handed over her credit card.
"Not a problem. That is what we are her for." Sally said as she processed the payment before handing back the card.
"Hope you and Mark enjoy the rest of your afternoon and I'm still so jealous you are going to sunny Queensland soon. Away from this cold." Sally added.
"Thanks, I'm sure we will enjoy the afternoon." Chloe told Sally as she felt the dangles on her pussy tug as she swung the shoulder strap of her bag over her shoulder, moving her body in the process.
They all said bye, before Mark and Chloe headed for the travel agent.
The rest of the afternoon was more clothes shops and trying on garments. Chloe was more accepting of Mark's touch when she was trying clothes, on one occasion allowing him to slide a finger inside and stroke her vagina while they kissed. On another she put a foot on the bench seat Mark sat on and offered her pussy to his mouth, which he proceeded to lick and suck until the juices that had escaped her pussy were gone.
When Mark tried on clothes Chloe would stroke his cock and twice sucked him to full erection, the first time stopping before he came, the second taking his hot spunk in her mouth.
Around 3:30 they returned to their car with their spoils of a good day.
"Mark, I have one last shop to stop at. Before we head home." Chloe said as they bundled everything into the boot of the car.
"Sure." Mark replied, "Do you want to guide me? Or would you like to drive."
"If you don't mind, I'll drive." Chloe replied, Mark handed her the keys. It was the first time Mark had offered his car keys to her since they had started going out together.
It took Chloe a few moments to get used to Mark's car, luckily the car park wasn't busy, and by the time they got to the street she was feeling as if she had been driving the car for years. She headed to a part of town that was mainly small factory style units and turned off the street into one of the car parks. As she did so Mark noticed the business directory at the front and then saw the larger-than-life letters over the door of the unit at the back of the lot. 'Sexyland'.
"I just wanted to swap the video over." Chloe told him, Mark smiled.
When they left the car Chloe left her coat behind. It was less than 30 steps to the door so she could cope with the cold. Her nipples on the other hand might have been a different story as they instantly went rock hard. Once inside she led Mark to the video display.
"You choose this time." She told him, "I'll drop the other one at the counter and let them know we are together."
"OK." Mark replied as he picked up a cover to 'read' the description on the back. He spent the next half hour looking at covers and pictures of naked men and women in various 'censored' sexual positions before settling on one. Chloe meantime had been browsing the various toys, aids and clothing around the store. Mark caught up with her in the vibrator and dildo section where she was checking out one that was way longer than Mark's cock and thicker too.
"See anything you like?" Mark asked as she put a package back on the shelf.
"Yes." Chloe replied as she gave his cock a squeeze through his pants. The shape of his erection was unmistakable. "Did you find anything?"
Mark held up the video case for Chloe to see.
"Mmm. Looks like some good tutorials." Chloe said as she took the video to the counter.
"Aren't you going to buy anything?" Mark asked.
"They have my selection behind the counter." Chloe told him as she took her membership card from her purse and handed it to the assistant. A pretty girl about their age with massive breasts being held back by a skimpy shirt smiled back at him. She had a nose and tongue piercing and was checking out both Chloe and Mark. Chloe's nipples clearly visible under her blouse as was Mark's cock under his pants.
"Can I get you anything else?" she said in her best upsell voice.
"Just those items you already have thanks." Chloe replied as the girl placed the video in a plain brown paper bag with the items she had already place inside.
"Have a good night." The girl said with a grin as she handed the bag to Chloe.
"Thanks, I'm sure we will." Chloe replied with a smile as she took the bag and turned to the door. Mark followed.
"So what did you find?" Mark asked with interest.
"Just some things to play with." Chloe told him as she placed the bag in the boot before handing Mark his keys.
"You can drive home." Chloe told him.
Once they were seated in the car Chloe let her knees spread so that there was plenty of room at her pussy for Mark's fingers. He slipped his hand into Chloe's skirt and found her wet pussy lips waiting to be teased. Chloe put her hand on his lap and squeezed his cock before finding the zipper and lowering it. She fished Mark's think cock from his pants and proceeded to stroke it to full erection.
"What if someone sees?" Mark asked.
"Who's going to see? We don't have to go down the main street."
"As long as you are sure." Mark confirmed.
"I'm sure." Chloe said as she pushed her skirt open at the slit exposing both legs and her glistening pussy.
They talked as they drove home however this daytime exhibition was much more than what they had become accustomed to. The rain had returned while they were shopping, and Mark had to concentrate hard on the road to avoid slipping in the water that lay across it so had limited opportunity to take his eyes off the road and check out Chloe's bare pussy. To avoid over exciting Mark Chloe stopped stroking his shaft and after pushing his foreskin off his head was running her fingertips from the tip of his cock-head to the ring where it met the shaft and back. It kept his cock interested, the pre-cum dripping from his full erection attested to that, without pushing him to close to the edge.
Mark parked in the shed and Chloe ran to the door to unlock it. Her silk blouse was soaked by the time she had the door open making it sheer and the cold had her nipples rock hard again, clearly visible through the material. Mark meantime had loaded up with as much shopping as he could and carried to the door. Chloe went back to get what was left and returned even wetter.
"Take your clothes off." Mark said as soon as she had put the load down. Her long hair and blouse were stuck to her body, not that Mark was complaining as the material clung perfectly to her breasts.
Chloe complied undoing the tie to the side of her skirt and dropping it to the floor before unbuttoning her blouse and peeling it from her body. Standing naked in front of Mark he wrapped a towel around her wet body then held up a second for her to dry her hair.
"I love my long hair, but I really think I need to get it cut." Chloe said as she leant forward to wrap it in the towel.
"It's your hair, I will love you even if you are bald." Mark said.
"I know." Chloe said with a smile as she lifted the front of the towel around her body and flashed her jewelled bald pussy at him.
"I had better get out of these wet clothes." Mark said, his clothes were heavier material so although they were wet, he wasn't.
Mark returned from the bedroom wearing the track pants and t-shirt from the morning and found Chloe kneeling in front of the fireplace stacking kindling ready to light it. The towel Mark had wrapped around her had ridden up at the back and he could see her pussy jewellery dangling between her thighs. His cock was again on the rise as he knelt behind her and placed his hand on her naked butt before running a finger along her moist lips.
"Hey, I'm busy." Chloe chastised as she swatted his hand away playfully, "Do something useful and find us a drink while I get this going."
"OK, what do you feel like? G & T? Brandy? Wine?" Mark asked as he stood up dragging his finger through her lips and over her butt-hole.
Chloe wriggled her butt as he did so, "Surprise me."
Mark went to the kitchen and returned with two glasses of Shiraz, Chloe was now sitting back on her heels with the fire catching quickly. Mark handed her a glass which she took.
"To us." Mark said as they chinked glasses.
"To us." Chloe repeated and took a sip.
"Mmm. Nice" Chloe said.
"Not as nice as you." Mark said as he leant in and kissed her on the mouth.
"Plenty of time left in the evening." Chloe told him.
They sipped at their wines while the fire crackled and the sun set. The room grew dark except for the light from the fire.
"I'm empty." Chloe said as she took the last sip from her glass. They were sitting side by side in front of the fire, Chloe facing side on to the fire and Mark facing Chloe with his back to the fire. He leant forward, his right hand going between Chloe's thighs, and ran his right index finger between her moist lips before sliding it inside her.
"Does this help?" He said with a smile as he wriggled his finger.
Chloe pouted at him, "Funny boy." She scolded as she pushed his hand away, "My glass, silly." As she handed it to him.
Mark got up and went to get more wine.
"What do we have in the fridge for dinner?" Chloe called to him.
Mark checked the fridge and freezer, "There's some battered fish fillets and oven fry chips." he called back.
"That OK for you?" Chloe replied.
"Fine by me." Mark called back as he set the oven to pre-heat and a timer to remind them it was on. He returned to the lounge with the wine glasses to find Chloe had unwrapped the towel from her hair and was brushing it out.
Mark sat in one of the armchairs and moved a foot stool in front of it.
"Here let me." He said as he handed Chloe her glass. Chloe sat on the foot stool with her back to Mark and handed him the brush. Mark brushed her hair while they sipped wine, talked and waited for the oven to heat. When the timer went off to Mark placed the tray in the oven before returning to brushing Chloe's hair. He was getting frustrated as the bristles caught on the towel Chloe was wrapped in. Chloe felt the tugs and without prompting unwrapped the towel, so she was sitting naked in front of Mark, the fire had heated the room nicely. Mark kept brushing her hair.
Half way through cooking the fish and chips Mark went to turn them and topped up their glasses. As he handed Chloe hers, she looked up at him and said "I think you need to strip off. It's not fair I'm naked and you're not."
"Sure." Mark replied as he took off his t-shirt and dropped his tracksuit pants to the floor. His semi-erect cock pointing straight at the seated Chloe. She reached out and wrapped his cock with her left hand, pulling the foreskin back she leant forward and sucked his cock head before running her tongue over the slit at the end.
"Mmm, I like your pre-cum." She said before she sucked his cock further into her mouth.
Mark sighed; Chloe knew exactly how to make his cock feel good with her mouth. As she sucked on his cock her left hand slid down his shaft pulling his skin tight, and as she pulled her mouth from his cock her hand slid up bringing the loose skin with it. She cupped his balls with her right hand and caressed them as she worked his cock.
"Keep that up and you will be getting some extra dressing for your fish." Mark warned her.
"Oh, yes please." Chloe replied with a smile as she let his cock slip from her mouth and stroked him with her left hand. Chloe continued to tease and caress Mark with her hands and mouth until the buzzer went off to announce the dinner was ready. Mark let his erection lead the way back to the kitchen and he served up the dinner before returning to the lounge, they ate their food sitting naked in front of the fire. Chloe didn't get the promised extra dressing.
By the time dinner was over the wine bottle was empty. Chloe packed everything into the dishwasher while Mark found another bottle of wine and poured another glass each, they returned to the lounge.
"So where is my special dressing?" Chloe asked, remembering Mark's earlier comment.
"You stopped preparing it before it was ready." Mark told her, "If you are a good girl, I will get some for you later."
"Promise?" Chloe said with a grin.
"Promise." Mark replied.
"So do you want to put our video on?" Chloe asked.
"Sure. We won't get a chance to watch it for at least a month after tonight." Mark said.
Chloe got up and retrieved the paper bag from her room and put the video in the machine. Mark added some more wood to the fire.
"So what else do you have in there?" mark asked inquisitively.
"Just some things for when you are not around." Chloe replied.
"Like?"
"Well, I like the way you suck my nipples and clit so I got a set of these." Chloe said as she took the first box from the bag. It was a set of vacuum tubes and a hand pump. There were 3 tubes 15mm in diameter and 2 each of the 25mm and 40mm tubes. When the pump was attached, and the tube put against the skin the air was vacuumed out and stretched the skin in.
"Would you like to try them out now?" Mark asked.
"Perhaps soon." Chloe replied.
"What else?" Mark asked.
Chloe took a card with 2 silver balls attached to it from the bag. The balls were 30mm in diameter and when she handed them to Mark, he felt they were rather heavy and made a soft chiming sound. He read the card 'Pleasure Balls. Get in the rhythm all day long."
"So how do these work?" he asked.
"They go in my pussy and are supposed to move around while I go about my day. The chimes are supposed to give subtle vibrations." Chloe said as she removed the final item form the bag, a tube of warming lube.
"You don't need any extra lube." Mark said.
"No, it's for the warming effect. I thought it might be interesting for both of us. Or just me when you are not around to get my hot." Chloe said.
"OK. So do you want to try any of these tonight?" Mark asked.
"I thought we might try the nipple and clit suckers while we watch the video. That way you can watch too." Chloe said.
"I'll be in that." Mark said as Chloe opened the box and read the simple instructions aloud.
Mark picked up the first of the small tubes and attached the pump, "Where first?" he asked.
"A nipple. I want to see what it feels like and I feel they will be more resilient." Chloe said.
The instructions said to make sure the skin was wet so Mark licked around Chloe's left nipple and then held the cup of the suction tube over her already large nipple. He pumped once and the tube stuck to Chloe's nipple. He pumped again and the nipple stretched to the width of the tube, the third pump doubled the length of her nipple in the tube.
"That will do for now." Chloe said, "Do the other side."
Mark repeated the process attaching the second tube to her right nipple. Mark smiled at her.
"What?" Chloe asked.
"Just looks funny." Mark replied, "How does it feel?"
"Different. Nice. Exciting." Chloe said as she spread her legs and the light of the fire reflected on the diamonds in the ear rings attached to her lips, "OK, gently on my clit now."
Mark needn't have licked for clit to make it wet, the juices from her pussy would have sufficed, but he did anyway. Chloe shuddered at the pleasure.
Mark placed the tube over her clit and gave it 3 pumps. Chloe's clit and surrounding skin first expanded to fill the width of the tube then began to slide up the tube.
"Another." Chloe said, Mark squeezed the pump again and her clit slid further into the tube.
"Again." Chloe said. Mark did as she instructed.
"One more." Chloe instructed. Mark did as she asked.
Chloe's slit now looked like it was 25mm long.
"Leave it there and take one off a nipple." Chloe said. When Mark removed her left nipple tube the nipple stood tall and fat on her breast. Some of the areola having puffed to the height of her nipple. Chloe looked down at her breast and smiled.
"OK put it back on." Chloe said, Mark did as she asked.
"So?" Mark enquired once the tube was back in place on Chloe's left nipple.
"I like the feeling of the stretching. The tube feels weird between by thighs but that will move when I lay on my side. Now put the video on."
Once everything was set Mark lay down on the couch and Chloe snuggled in front of him. Her long hair swept over her right shoulder and across her breasts, so it didn't get pulled between them.
Mark wrapped his right arm over her right hip, and she placed her right hand on his. They spooned and hugged as the first scene started.
The guy had a firm body, his cock was like Mark's long and thick. The girl had large breasts topped with equally large nipples adorned with bar piercings. Her stomach was washboard flat like Chloe's, and she had piercings in her navel and clit hood. Her pubic hair was trimmed into a neat landing strip.
Mark stretched his right hand down to Chloe's pussy intending to finger her clit as the scene played out on the TV. The vacuum tube stopped him so he nudged it instead to pull on the clit and Chloe jumped.
"Careful." She whispered.
Mark moved is fingers to the hairless mound above her clit and stroked it.
"Do you still like my pussy hairless?" Chloe asked as she enjoyed Mark's touch.
"Yes. However, if you decided to leave hair on your mound, I would be cool with that too. My only request is that you keep your lips and butt smooth." Mark replied.
"I'm glad." Chloe replied as she wriggled her butt against this erect cock, making the tube bounce on her clit.
The pair on the TV did all the usual porn positions as Mark and Chloe enjoyed the visual stimulation and Chloe enjoyed Mark's touch.
"I never thought I would be watching porn with my boyfriend." Chloe said as she moved her left hand to her breast and caressed around the tube sucking on her nipple.
"I could say the same about my girlfriend." Mark replied.
Chloe lifted her right leg and reached her hand between her thighs so that she could place Mark's cock against her pussy lips and lowered her leg. Mark was now able to rub his cock between her thighs and against her wet pussy. In the position they were his cock also rubbed against the jewellery that had been attached to Chloe's pussy all day and the tube on her clit.
"Do we need to take any thing off?" Mark asked as his cock made contact.
"Soon." Chloe said, "It's nice but I'm sure it will be in the way soon."
As the scene climaxed, literally, Chloe's and Mark's arousal levels were high.
The scene had an athletic dark skinned guy with a literal monster cock, it was over 8 inches when his shorts came down before he got aroused, and wide. The girl was a petite blonde with tiny breasts and a bald pussy.
"Where the heck is she going to put that thing." Chloe said as she lifted her leg again and placed Mark's cock against her opening. Mark pushed forward enough to get his cock's head just inside Chloe's vagina. He could feel the jewellery on her lips and suction tube on her clit rub against is shaft.
He pushed against Chloe and his cock slide deep inside her pussy. Chloe sighed.
Again, the normal positions played out and eventually Chloe got her answer when the girl gradually lowered herself in a cowgirl position onto the monster cock until it was all in her vagina. As the scene was playing out Chloe tilted her hips so that as Mark rubbed his cock on front of her vagina. They both sighed, Mark because Chloe had clenched her muscles and Chloe because Mark stretched her the way she liked it and his cock rubbed her g-spot too.
The next scene had two well hung white guys and a blonde girl with tattoos and pierced nipples. Mark pinches Chloe's nipples as the girl was undressed and her piercings came into view.
As the scene played out and the two guys got into position for the DP scene Chloe clenched her pussy muscles tight against Mark's cock. They worked together to slowly stroke each other. Chloe curled her legs up against her chest causing her pussy to pull away from Mark until he popped out of her vagina. Chloe's juices were running from her pussy and as Mark rubbed his cock back and forth across her labia, he was also rubbing moisture on her butt-hole. Chloe felt his cock head rest against her virgin hole.
On the TV the first guy had his cock in the girl's pussy and the second guy was lining up his cock on her butt-hole. As the porn guy pushed his cock into the girl Chloe pushed her butt back against Mark's cock. His head started to stretch her hole and she stopped as the stretch started to burn. Mark moved in an attempt to help Chloe get his cock in her butt-hole but Chloe pulled her butt away from his cock and moved her hips back so that his cock slid back into her pussy. She clenched her muscles to say 'welcome back.', no words were said as they slowly pleasured each other with their movements.
"Can we pause?" Chloe asked as the scene ended, "I need to go to the toilet."
"Sure." Mark replied, concerned that his response to Chloe's actions might have spoilt what had been an unforgettable weekend. He wanted to try anal, but only if Chloe really wanted it.
"I think we need to remove the suction tubes and jewellery." Chloe told Mark when she returned from the toilet, "They feel nice but let's start slow. Rather than risk hurting Chloe's now very sensitive nipples and clit Mark reattached the pump and opened a valve to slowly allow air back in and the tubes to detach from her nipples and clit. Chloe's nipples were now huge on her small breasts. Her clit sticking out like a small cock.
She rubbed her fingers over her nipples as Mark licked her clit.
"Oh, that feels divine." She said as the sensations were amplified by the puffiness the vacuum has caused.
Mark lay back on the couch and Chloe snuggled back against him, lifting her leg so he could place his erection back inside her pussy.
As the next scene of the video played out, Chloe rocked her hips gently so that her vagina stroked Mark's cock. Her puffy clit being caressed by her outer labia as his cock caused the outer lips to move around it.
The final scene of the video started with a dark-skinned guy of average build dressed in suit and tie like he was about to go out for a nice romantic evening and a tall athletic girl with legs that went on for days. She had long hair red hair, medium sized breasts and wore a red cocktail dress with a side split that went to her waist and a neckline that plunged to her pierced navel. Her navel jewellery matching the colour of her dress.
"I like that dress." Chloe commented.
"I'd like it more on you." Mark replied as he ran his index finger over Chloe's right nipple. Chloe clenched her muscles against his cock.
"I love you." Chloe said as she awkwardly twisted her head to give Mark a kiss.
"I love us." Mark replied as he returned the kiss.
The scene started out with the couple sitting at a 'restaurant' table, the red head teasing both her partner and the waiter with flashes of her breasts, and for her partner her matching lacy red knickers. Chloe slowly rocked her hips so that she could slid on Mark's cock. Mark tightened his muscles to cause his cock to twitch in return.
The scene then cut to the couple at home, the guy slowly, sensuously, stripping the girl to her knickers, she had no bra on given the neckline of the dress. Her nipples were large for her breast size, much like Chloe's, and surrounded by gold eight pointed stars with her nipples sticking through the middle. There were no signs of any piercing to hold them on.
"I like the look of those." Chloe said.
"Her breasts are nice. But I like yours." Mark replied as he cupped her right breast and pinched her firm nipple.
"Not her breasts. I mean the rings around her nipples. They look like they just sit there." Chloe corrected him.
"They do." Mark agreed.
"I could wear something like that on my nipples if there were no need for a piercing." Chloe told him.
"I would love to see you wearing something like that." Mark agreed.
The girl knelt in front of her partner and undid his pants. His cock jumped at her and she gave him a blowjob. His cock was average length but thick and had a silver ring around the rim between his cock-head and shaft.
"Hmm, interesting." Chloe said as she clenched her vagina against Mark's long fat cock, "I wonder how that feels."
"I'd imagine rather restrictive when he gets erect." Mark said as Chloe continued to rock her hips and slide on his cock.
"I meant the ring inside her pussy." Chloe told him.
The guy picked the girl up and placed her flat on a large Ottoman in the centre of the room before pulling her lacy knickers down to reveal a triangle patch of red hair the same colour as the hair on the girl's head.
"I wonder if red heads really have red pubic hair?" Mark asked.
"Well, mine is the same." Chloe replied, "So I guess they do."
"I just thought you might know." Mark said.
"Well, I didn't go around checking everyone out in the showers at school if that is what you mean." Chloe said in mock disgust as she continued to slide on Mark's cock.
As the scene played out Mark and Chloe continued to enjoy being together, literally, with no rush to make each other cum. Chloe enjoying Mark's long thick cock stretching her pussy as well as the feelings on her puffy and sensitive nipples and clit. Meanwhile Mark enjoyed the stroking and squeezing his cock was receiving from Chloe's vagina.
The guy on the screen had the girl curled into a ball on her back as he pounded his cock into her vagina. He would pull his fat cock all the way out leaving her pussy gaping from his girth and waited until she closed before returning his cock to her depths. Each time he withdrew his cock the girl's pussy seemed to take longer to close. Finally, the guy pulled his cock from her pussy and the girl squirted a fountain of juices which he lapped up before returning his cock to her tunnel and then again pulled his cock out with another squirt, with his cock pointing straight at her gaping hole the guy started to shot his spunk coat the girl's pussy with his cum.
Mark and Chloe both reacted to this by clenching their muscles as Chloe slid on Mark's cock.
"I wonder if the ring helps her do that?" Chloe said.
"It would rub her walls differently." Mark agreed as they watched out the close of the scene which wasn't much and then lay together for a while longer enjoying the last flames of the fire.
"Time for a shower and bed." Chloe said as she moved away from Mark's cock. It glistened with the moisture of Chloe's pussy in the final light of the fire.
Chloe turned the heater in her room on, the room was already warm from the heat of the fire in the lounge but would soon cool now it was out, then joined Mark in the bathroom for a shower. They brushed their teeth and Chloe brushed her hair out of habit.
When Chloe reached her bedroom Mark was laying on his back, his cock still close to fully erect and sticking up from between his legs.
"That thing never goes down. Does it?" Chloe chided jokingly.
"No not when you are running around naked." Mark replied as Chloe swung her left leg over his head and assumed the 69 position.
"Well, I guess I had better make use of it seeing as you will be away for the next month." Chloe said as she took his cock in her hand and started to stroke the foreskin up and down the shaft.
Mark took the hint and started to lick her currently dry pussy lips. Her clit still puffy from the sucker tube, although it had gone down a little. As soon as he parted her lips with his tongue, he was gifted the moisture he loved to suck from her pussy. As Chloe sucked Mark's cock into her mouth Mark sucked her clit into his mouth and it began to get puffier again. Once he was satisfied that her clit had swelled as far as his sucking would take it he turned his attention to her inner lips and sucked on them.
"Yes, make me puffy all over for sleep." Chloe said as she pumped his cock in her fist while sucking it.
They continued to suck and lick each other until Chloe felt she needed to feel Mark inside her. She wanted him to take charge, so she slid her body down Mark's until her pussy was over his cock and then lowered herself facing away from him. Mark watched his cock disappear in Chloe's pussy.
Chloe waited long enough to enjoy Mark's cock stretching her out then lifted her butt and slide his cock from her pussy until she felt the head near her opening, then dropped her weight back onto him.
Each time she lifted up Mark could see her butt-hole winking at him from between her cheeks and his cock disappearing into her body just below it. Her juices along his cock and pooling on his balls and pubic mound.
Mark reached down and spread the moisture over his skin with his fingers. Chloe rode his cock wanting to suck every drop cum from his balls knowing this was probably the last time they would get to do this until their holiday.
Mark got game and scooped up moisture on the fingers of his right hand before placing them against Chloe's perineum. As she dropped down his fingers rode up her butt towards her forbidden hole until they were trapped between her butt and Mark's lower abdomen.
The next time Chloe lifted and lowered her butt Mark was careful to make sure that he bent the tip of his middle finger as it came to rest on her hole. The result being that Chloe's weight pushed his fingertip hard against her opening. Chloe seemed to clench then relax her muscles.
Mark repeated this movement placing his finger tip at her opening each time Chloe lifted and lowered herself until the tip of his middle finger was sliding just inside her butt-hole. Once he was sure Chloe wasn't going to pull away he gradually lifted his middle finger higher each time until he had most of his finger in Chloe's bottom when she was sitting on him. She clenched her muscles around both his cock and finger as she pressed hard against him.
"I'm going to cum, Mark." Chloe warned as she ground against Mark.
"Me too." Mark replied.
"Fill me up deep." Chloe said as she lifted and dropped on Mark's cock and finger. Mark's muscles tensed up and he shot stream after stream of hot cum deep in Chloe's hot tunnel. Chloe clenched her muscles and slumped forward against his legs, pulling Mark's finger from her butt, body quaking in orgasm as she attempted to lift and lower her pussy on his cock.
Chloe's orgasm eventually subsided and she was able to lift herself off Mark's cock giving him an open view of her stretched and puffy pussy from behind. Mark rolled out of bed and stumbled to the toilet before returning. Chloe had rolled onto her side so he spooned in behind. His still semi-firm cock sticking into her butt-cheek. Chloe lifted her leg and placed his cock at her pussy opening.
"In here stud." She said as she lowered her leg to trap his cock.
"So, what did you think?" he asked.
"Let's just say it was nicer than I thought it would be." Chloe told him.
"So, a distant possibly maybe rather than a hard no." Mark confirmed.
"Yes. Now go to sleep and enjoy what we have." Chloe told him as she turned out the light.
"I guess after this weekend we are no longer just friends." Mark said as he kissed Chloe's shoulder as he pressed his cock against her slippery lips and deep inside.
"We haven't been just friends for a long-time buddy." Chloe confirmed as she closed her eyes and drifted off to sleep with Mark's cock again getting erect in her pussy.