I must confess that hearing that they would make me suck more cock made me extra horny and my dick flexed with sexual anticipation.
My mom asks who knows how to work a computer and post things on line.
The Hispanic girl said she did, she's been helping out here brothers, nieces, nephews, and cousins all the time. She was the recent geek.
The Hispanic girl, was named was Juanita, had black below the shoulder length wavy hair, a tall girl of 5 feet 7 or 8 inches, mostly shapely legs, a trimmed arrow shaped pubic hair pointing down to her wet thick and wide pussy lips. She had wide hips, I would figure 36 inches and high firm and 36 c cup tits as well with quarter sized brown aureoles and hard small deep pink nipples as bull eyes.
"Excellent. You can set this up for tomorrow. How would it work?"
"Well, I could post an ad on the list and saying your sons has been a bad boy and is being punished by having to suck off all comers. That will bring in a wide range of guys eager to get a free blow job. Would that be okay with you Mrs. Dee?"
"Yes, that sounds like something you should set up. As for now let's have a different sort of entertainment. Joseph and David come here and you too Kiko," she points to the slim Asian girl. She is 5 feet tall, long straight black hair that runs down her back to the top of her ass cheeks. A slim waist about 32 or so, and perky tits the size of a large orange with big dark areolas and big stiff nipples, like small nipples on a baby's bottle.
We all gather together.
"Joseph and David sit down on the couch next to each other. Kiko while I taste Joseph's cock would you be so kind as to remove my shorts? You'll have to give them a good tug, these leather hot shorts are a very tight fit."
My mom bends over and grabs Joseph's black cock and starts to run her pink moist tongue along the long shaft. Kiko gets her fingers get into the top of the shorts and starts to pull them off my mom's white wide ass.
"David could you please help me," Kiko asks.
So the two of us work on getting the shorts off of my mom's hips and ass as she gets into sucking as deeply as she can Joseph hard 8 inch cock. He is grinning and groaning. Finally my moms bare ass is revealed. She stops sucking on Joseph's cock.
"Very good children. Now, since my pussy is already so wet watching all of you this next part should be easy. She turns around and points her wide ass toward Joseph's hard member. She spreads her legs and with her hand she guides Joseph's cock into her spread pussy. His cock slides into her depths and she sits fully on Josephs lap with a smile. She wiggles her ass, and I imagine she is spinning around Joseph's cock that is now buried in her dripping and throbbing cunt.
"Girls did your parents ever put you on those little mechanical pony rides? The ones that would go up and down for five minutes? Well, I want you to treat these two cocks as those pony rides. You will each get a turn on them but only for five minutes."
One of the white girls burst out, "Five minutes! Fuck, that's just a fucking tease."
My mom looks at the girl sternly. "You're so right my dear," she says her voice as cold as ice, "that is such a fucking tease. That's the point. Now, you can just turn that pretty ass of your around and leave. You are no longer welcome. Girls, see to it that she and her belongings leave this property. Then you can all come back for your rides."
They all do as they are told with the one white girl bitching as she is forced to leave. Meanwhile my mom slides her ass up and down Joseph's cock and rides him. She is using him like a toy and fucking herself on his cock. They both are enjoying it.
The girls finally come back.
"Now dears, do you think it has been five minutes?"
One of them sheepishly says yes.
"I thought so. So, starting with Kiko and David's cock and" my mom rises off Joseph's cock and it glistens with a sheen of my mom's fluids. "I will try out my son's cock next. Juanita, you can be the next to ride Joseph's cock. The rest of you can line up and decide who will be next. You will each will get five minutes, and then switch off. You will all get a turn to ride each of their cocks."
My mom then turns around with her back facing me and spreads her legs wide and she slowly maneuvers her open ass onto my waiting cock. It's like some mother ship coming in to dock in a sci fi movie, it seems to happen in slow motion. I can feel her pussy lips slide around the tip of my cock and then feel my cock slip into a warm softness. Oh godddd....my mom's cunt is so fucking warm. My cock just slips deep into her ass as she lets her full weight sit on my lap. Then she begins to rise up and start to fuck me. My mom is fucking my hard cock!!! Oh god!
While I'm getting a fucking lap dance from my mom, Joseph is having his cock ridden by Juanita.
I feel my cock sliding in and out of my mom, she is so soft and warm and wet, her ass looks so hot bouncing up and down my hard stiff prick.
Joseph has a big wide grin on his face and he's moaning with pleasure as is Juanita. The rest of the girls in the room are all squealing with laughter and anticipation as they count down the minutes.
Finally I hear them yell out "Times up!"
My mom and Juanita stop and slide off of our cocks and two other girls take their place and begin riding our dicks.
Oh my god...this is so fucking hot.....I'm beginning to just space out, getting off on the pleasure of being fucked teased.... Just when I begin to get really hot and feel that cum building in my balls and cock, then the five minute ride is over and that ass slides off my twitching cock....
I can hear my mom tell the next girl to wait a moment before getting on my cock, give him time to relax, we don't want him cumming just yet, she says.
The next one to ride my cock is the black girl. She's got a great bubble butt and she is wet and hot and glides down quickly on my white meat. She rides my cock like she is going to burst. If this keeps up for to long I will burst my nut....ahhhhh....I so want to shoot a load into one of these nice wet and hot pussies.....she moans and clenches her cunt lips together to squeeze my cock tightly....oh god....I can't tell who is moaning....I think we all are .....
"Time!" my mom sternly and loudly calls out.
We all groan as we come to a halt and the girls reluctantly slide off our cocks.
That was the last girl to get a ride and we are all so hot and horny now.
"Joseph and David, why don't you help these poor suffering girls, their pussy are just so teased and wet they need some sort of release. Get on your knees and soothingly lick and suck them to help them relax."
"Yes!" We both say.
That begins a round of us licking each of their wet cunts, they all smell the same and yet so different. Their slick pink pussy lips come in many shapes and sizes, big and flappy, tiny and curled. We are shown their clits and they are red and so sensitive, a simple flick of our tongue sends them into spasms, that's because they are so turned on. We quickly bring each girl to loud wet orgasm. As we finish off one girl another pussy is presented to us to work on.
In the background my mom orders Chinese dinner for us and it arrives as I finish off my last girl.
The Chinese young man is approached by my mom and fondle as he is told that I will be sucking on his dick as his tip.
He eagerly agrees and wipes down his jeans to reveal he has been going commando and not wearing any underwear.
His dick is small and it fits and at the moment still soft. I swallow it whole and feel him get hard in my mouth. I open up to let it get stiff and begin to suck on it. I fondle his small balls as I work on his now hard cock. He begins to mutter in Chinese with an occasional English 'oh fuck'. He is sweating and calls out "cumming....cumming..."
His warm cum splatters in my mouth and bubbles down my chin. He leaves quickly with a big grin.
My mom beckons Joseph over.
"David dear, I think you have been neglecting your friend. Why don't you suck on him now."
The girls all applaud their approval.
I can smell and see that Joseph's cock has the lingering scent of the girls as well as leaving behind a thin coating on his black dick. I can taste them when I start to lick Josephs's dick. I can't swallow him whole but I suck on him as well as I can fit. He grabs my head to steady me and then he starts rocking back and forth, really fucking my mouth with his dick. He presses his cock as far as he can into me as he fucks me.
I can feel him throbbing inside me and he is gutturally moaning that he's going to explode a big load deep in me.
He groans out and holds my head steady as he begins to spurt. I can feel the hot spunk in his cock making its way out of his head. I pull back a bit only holding the head of his cock in my mouth as he gushes a thick stream into me. It hits the back of my mouth with hot force and gushes out my mouth, chin and drips onto my chest. The girls roar and squeal with delight seeing all this cum. He moans and sprays a final gush into and out of me.
He wobbles back and just pants to recover.
I'm really covered now with warm white goo.
I can't wait to taste the Chinese meal with Josephs hot white sauce mixed together.