It was much brighter than he expected. But then again, Michael had only seen bars like this in the movie. Dingy and dirty, with an air of sweat and smoke. The Leather geared burly men sitting in booths that had seen better days.
This biker bar was surprisingly decent. Not the cleanest establishment, but passable and an excellent variety of ales on tap. Unlike the movies, when he walked in, the music did not stop. No-one turned to look at him. Michael shook his head, embarrassed at his naivety and nervousness.
He strolled towards the bartender, taking in her 5' 6" frame, short black hair, and breast that were nearly popping out of her top. There was no need for the top at this point.
"I'll have a pint of the Oskar Blues."
"Sure thing," she said. I glanced her name tag as she turned to get my pint glass. Claire.
"Here you go," Claire said, resting the pint on a coaster in front of me. She smiled, "This your first time here?"
"Yeah. I wanted a change from my usual place." I took a sip and turned to take in my surroundings as she served another patron. They all looked, so, regular. I suppose I will fit in, he mused.
The raucous laughter grabbed his attention. Towards the back of the bar, the door swung open and out walked four guys. The one in front had the command of a leader. Now he looked every bit a biker - tall, muscular, tattoos wrapped around his biceps.
While he looked smug, the guy bringing up the rear looked pissed. "Poker game," Claire replied to my questioning face.
"Looks like the pissed off guy lost." I watched as the big guy approached the bar. He sat and ordered a beer.
"Haven't seen you before," he said unexpectedly.
"First time here. I'm Michael," I said, extending my hand. "Chris," he said, returning the handshake.
"Let me guess you just got a hog."
"Nope, been had one. I just have more free time. To ride, check out bars, play some poker." That caught his interest.
"You any good?" Chris asked.
"Good enough," I replied.
"We'll see, we got a regular game on Tuesdays, bring cash, we'll be happy to take your money."
Next Tuesday arrived, I was there, cash in hand. I grabbed my pint and entered the back room. Five other guys sat around the table, and I took the last empty seat. The first couple of rounds, I was decent, won a couple hundred.
Then the drinks came pouring in, a few shots, vodka mixes, five more pints. Next thing I knew, I was down $5000.
Shit. "Time to pay up," Chris said to the group as the game came to a close. I starred at the table as if that would fix my problem.
"Where's your money?" He was looking directly at me.
"Don't have that much, I'll get you next week." He frowned.
"Not good enough." It was then I noticed just how big he was. 6' 2" and intimidating. The room was quiet. The other guys looked on in silence. "You need to pay up tonight." He stopped, paused. "But we have a barter system in place," he said smugly. The others chuckled.
"What's that?" I asked uncertainty.
"You got a girl?"
"Yeah."
"Call her, tell her to meet you here." He looked at the other guys in the room. "Get the rest of the guys, tell them we're running a train tonight." He turned back to be, "call her!" He barked. I got my phone out and dialed Ashley's number.
"Ashley, I need you to come to the King's bar. I'm in a bit of shit. Hurry, please." I hung up before she could protest. Twenty-seven minutes later, Ashley showed up. Claire pointed her to he backroom, and in she walked.
"Your boyfriend is in the hole for $5000," Chris said before Ashley could ask what was going on. "And you are going to pay his debt." She looked at me. "You dumb fuck, how did you end up in this situation?" A mixture of anger and amusement rang out in her voice.
She started to unbutton her shirt. "How many guys?" She asked.
"We got 17 in the bar; more will probably come soon," Chris answered. I'd never been so happy to have a slut for a girlfriend. She would fuck any guy for free, and least this time, she's earning something!
The closed sign was placed on the entrance door. The back door was open for all the latecomers. Claire was behind the counter pouring drinks and watching the action.
I was made to watch as my girlfriend paid off my debt, sitting in humiliation as she got off on guy after guy.
As he was the leader, Chris went first. She was bent over one of the tables. Completely naked. He walked over and kicked her legs apart wider. Undid his buckle, slid it out loop by loop. I thought he was going to use it to spank her perk ass, but he looped it around her neck. His dick was hard, probably about 7 inches. He guided the tip to the entrance of her slit. Got a firm grip on each end of the belt and pumped into her.
"Fuck!" She yelled out. Chris had no mercy on her. Knocking her into the table with each hard thrust. That bitch loved being choke, and it showed. Chris's cock glistened every time he pulled back. He grabbed onto the belt with one hand and used his free hand to grasp her ass. Holding a perky round cheek in his strong hands, he dug his nails in before he slapped it. I saw her mouth open as she moaned. He was turning her on - more than I ever have.
Their bodies were in sync. For every stroke Michael gave her, she took it willingly. She was moving her body in time with his. Leaning back into him every time his balls slapped her cunt. She started gasping as the belt got tighter around her neck. He was in his ecstasy, the veins on his biceps becoming more pronounced.
I was too turned on to say anything. I started stroking my dick as I watched my girlfriend get light headed. I wasn't worried, she's woken up to me fucking her many mornings -loving every minute of it. This was no different.
She started to pass out, and two guys rushed to her sides, holding her up while Chris continued to fuck her.
The sound of his heavy breathing echoed in the silent bar. All eyes were fixated on Chris. I glanced around; I wasn't the only one turned on. A few guys had their cocks out, eagerly awaiting their turn.
His loud grunt snapped me back to the action. He had abandoned the belt and now had both hands sunk deep into her shoulders. He was using them as support as he started to fuck the shit out of her. I kept rhythm with my strokes. He was destroying her. The two guys on either side had their work cut out, holding her in place for him.
He buried his head into the back of her neck as he yelled out his release. The two guys grabbed her firmly as Chris pulled out. Wow, I thought. Impressed with his massive load as it poured out of her. His cum was dripping down her pussy, slowly reaching her thighs.
The two guys hoisted her on the table. "I'm next," said a guy from the back. He walked over, and I swear his cock entered two minutes before him.
The man was hung. Easily 11 inches. Thick and fat. Dark veins were running down his black dick. I leaned back and watched him walk up to her. He easily swung her legs over his shoulders. Chris's cum was still dripping out as he entered.
One steady deep thrust. Inch by inch, his black meat was being swallowed by her pussy. He grabbed onto her legs tighter with every inch he entered. He was leaning over her. She started to come to as he got the last two inches in.
What a fucking whore, Michael thought. She was taking all of that black dick in one go. She looked shocked at first as she got her bearings, then a smile crept on her face as Ashley realized she was being filled with black dick. "Bitch," Michael said out loud.
I guess she heard, she looked at him and gave Michael the finger as the guy started to pull out. Nearly all the way, but stopping right at the end. He placed his hands on her waist. Pulled her towards him and slammed into her - all 11 inches taken at one time.
I'd never heard someone swear more in my life! Yet she wrapped her legs around him, pushing him in deeper. Not letting go. He was locked in, filling her to the brim, slowly moving. He was giving her a chance to get used to his cock. He started to play with her nipples. They stood erect as he began to bite them, taking his time with each nipple. She moaned her delight at this.
We were all mesmerized by the sight that we didn't notice the other guy until he was right next to her head. Average built, but very good looking. He already had his cock out. He got on top of the table, kneeling over Ashley. Ever so slowly lowering his dick into her waiting mouth. Her small mouth was stretching as wide as it can go. His balls were resting on her face as she chocked her with his dick.
She soon found her rhythm as he faced fucked her, holding onto his hips to keep her balancing. I watched as her tongue worked its magic. Licking, caressing, humming on his cock. The guys worked in motion. Every time the black guy drilled into her, the other guy forced his cock deeper down her throat.
Like an erotic performance, they put on a dirty but sensual show for us. Filled with lust, neither guy was holding back. Neither was she. Not one to hide her excitement, the look on her face, the way she moved her body, she wanted more. My girlfriend was such a cock-hungry whore, always wanting to be filled and used.
Tonight she will get her wish of being a cum dump.
The guy kneeling over her, suddenly pulled out. Holding onto the wall as he aggressively started stroking his cock over her face. Soon letting out a deep sigh as he sprayed his load over her face and neck.
She started to wipe her face when Chris commanded from a distance, "No." She knew her place. She left the cum. She felt a hand round her throat and his cock throbbing inside of her. She felt him growing bigger inside of her. He was about to blow. His face was scrunched up in concentration. His grip around her throat was getting tighter. He pulled his dick out as he was coming. Thick and white, he aimed it at her pussy. He was covering her cunt with it his seed, watching it drip down to her ass.
I had a good view of her gaping snatch. I was impressed she took it all. But slightly pissed that she would have a loose cunt when I took her tonight. But I only had myself to blame for losing $5000.
We were there for another six or so hours. Guy after guy had their way with her. No breaks. Her mouth, ass, and cunt were used multiple times throughout the night. More members had come in through the back door. The bar was rammed with bikers of all ages and sizes. She was on all fours at one point, crawling over to different guys as they whistled to her. They were slapping her face before pulling it down onto their exposed cock. Some came in her mouth, others on her pretty face.
The rest took turns coating her tits and ass.
Chris came over to me as she was taking the 19th guy. "Your debts have been satisfied," he said. Not once breaking his gaze from her. "You have such a nice whore," he continued. "Your welcome to bring her back anytime."
"I'm sure she'll love to take you up on your offer," I replied. Thinking of other people I owe money to, and wondering if they too wanted a go at my bitch.