Watching Jenny walk back to the hotel from the beach with nothing but her semi-transparent wrap was amazing. She had the top edge tucked in high on her chest, but it was not tied or really secured in any way, just tucked in. Having it held up that high meant the bottom edge was between mid thigh and the bottom of her cheeks. The light, flowing material moved and bounced as she walked. I was memorized watching, waiting to see if her bare ass would be shown off to any who cared to look. Her nipples were still poking out, clearly on display as well. Whatever had taken hold of Jenny on this vacation, I was loving the results.
As we got closer to the hotel I started to hang back just a few steps. I wanted to see her turn heads as she walked through the lobby. There weren't many folks actually there. Most were busy and heading off to whatever their destinations were. The young man behind the desk glanced up, went to put his head back down and stopped. It was obvious that Jenny had his undivided attention, his phone still held low behind the counter top. Jenny seemed to notice him just as she was rounding the corner for the elevators. He would lose sight of her once she reached the buttons. As she was about to move out of sight she swirled around. The motion caused the wrap to billow out and open. She was, ever so briefly, completely exposed to him. She finished her spin and continued out of sight. I hustled to catch up. I most certainly did not want to miss this elevator ride.
The elevator doors were opening as I rounded the corner and caught up with Jenny. We both stepped into the elevator. As soon as I stepped in she turned to face me and put her back against the wall of the elevator. She pulled the wrap open with one hand and started rubbing herself all over with the other hand.
"I'm so horny right now," she moved her hand across her nipples and then down along her side.
"I bet the guy at the desk is too, I leaned in and kissed her.
Her hand moved from herself and onto my shorts. She began stroking my erection. She pushed back against my kiss. She leaned up off the wall and pressed herself against the length of my body. The elevator dinged and the door opened.
"That was much faster than last time," she rasped out.
"Well, we didn't hit all the other floors on the way up," I grinned and backed my way out of the elevator holding out a hand, inviting her to follow. "We should probably get to our room."
Jenny stepped out of the elevator. As she reached out her hand to take mine I slowed just enough to get inside her reach. Rather than taking her hand I grabbed the edge of the wrap where she had tucked it in. I gave a gentle pull and untucked it. Stepping to one side as I whipped the wrap away like I was a stage magician going for the big finale. Jenny was completely naked in the middle of the corridor leading to our room again.
"Thank you, that was in the way," she smiled and kept walking.
I dug into my pocket and got the room key out. I opened the door and we both headed into the room. Jenny headed directly to the curtains on the large windows opposite the door. She opened the curtains wide, giving anyone across the way a clear view directly into our room. She put her hands on her hips and stood there, on display for anyone looking out the window of the other wing of the hotel. I dropped all the things I'd been toting back from the beach and headed to her.
I moved directly behind her and wrapped my arms around her middle, leaning in to start nibbling and kissing on her shoulder then moving up the side of her neck. I let my hands slide around on her, gently caressing her, getting near but not touching her most sensitive areas.
"I love whatever it is that has come over you," I whispered in her ear.
"What I really want is YOU to cum over me," Jenny turned to face me. I hadn't put my shirt back on after the beach, but I still had my shorts. She slid her hands down and shoved them roughly down to the floor. She kneeled down and immediately sucked as much of my cock into her mouth as she could get. Jenny is super talented in the blow job department on any given day, but that day she was beyond masterful. My mind just disconnected. I don't remember how long she licked and sucked and stroked. She reached one hand around and grabbed an ass cheek to pull me forward at one point, and grabbed the base of my cock with her other hand. She must have been able to sense that I was close. She took me out of her mouth and squeezed the base while massaging my ass.
"Now I'm not the only one that's on display," Jenny rubbed up along my shaft and dipped her finger into the precum dripping from the end of my dick.
"I... what?" Was the best response I could muster.
"Look, there, just across the way," she shifted her head but did not stop rubbing me. The hand on my ass began to slide around, massaging as if she was going to put a finger in.
I looked out the window. On the opposite floor there was a man standing just at the edge of the shadows in his room. His clothes were piled on the floor where he stood. He was a little on the heavy side, but his cock was definitely proportional, fat and prominent as he stroked himself.
"He's been watching you. You're just as much an exhibitionist as I am." Jenny moved around behind me, keeping her strokes long and even.
"You're the one on display. Would you like to see others getting off to you?" Jenny's strokes increased their intensity. "I bet you can make him cum." She began to slide her hand up and down my cock faster and faster. My hips started to buck, and my knees got weak. She slid one of her fingers into my ass, pushing deep in just as her other hand pulled back and gripped the base of my cock extra tight. I came right then. I came more than I had ever before. It flew so far and so hard it spattered against the window. I was dizzy and wobbled a little as I stood there.
"Well now," Jenny paused to lick the head of my dick. "That seems to have been quite successful." She turned her head and glanced across at our admirer. It seemed that he had finished as well.
Jenny stood up and walked toward the bathroom. "I think we need a shower, then we'll see if we can get you all worked up again. We might get one more show out of this trip yet." She winked and beckoned me to follow. I followed, happier and more satisfied than I had ever been.