I left my hairdressing job a while back. The management were getting a bit fed-up with me taking so much time off, so I quit.
I was getting a bit bored at the end of last year, and after discussing it with Jon I signed-on for a Temp Agency. I didn't do many jobs for them before quitting, but there were 4 jobs that are worth telling you about.
The first was a firm of Solicitors. It was only small with 3 qualified Solicitors and a couple of Secretaries. One of these was off sick and they needed someone for a couple of weeks to look after visitors and do the filing. The firm was founded by the old man Solicitor and the other 2 Solicitors are women in their thirties, both well over weight.
The Agency told me that I would have to dress smartly so the weekend before I started I made a couple of skirts that are to mid thigh – long for me. Jon made sure that they had slits up the back and front. I wore them with rather modest baggy blouses that tucked into the skirts.
When I got there I found that the office is up some stairs right in the middle of town, and the receptionist's desk is right at the top of the stairs. After I'd been introduced to everyone the Secretary showed me to my desk and told me that the girl that was off sick usually wore trousers and pointed to the front of the desk. No modesty board. I told her that I didn't have any suitable trousers, which is almost true – I don't have any trousers. She just said,
"Oh well, I'm sure you'll manage."
I smiled and thought, 'you bet, this could be fun.'
I spent most of the first couple of days getting used to the telephone system before I managed to relax and start to have some fun.
Each time I heard the door at the bottom of the stairs open I'd get back to my desk and sneak a look to see who it was. If it were a man I'd let my knees part and watch their eyes to see if they looked. If it was a hunky man and he looked, I'd let my knees drift even further apart.
After I'd phoned whoever to tell them that their visitor was there, I'd ask the visitors to sit in the waiting area that was in front of my desk, but to a slight angle. It's amazing how the men would always sit on the seat that had the best view up my skirt. I made sure that some of them really go distracted from their business there.
There are some filing cabinets just near the visitor seats and I made sure that I always had some documents that needed to be filed in the bottom cabinet.
My duties took me into the old man Solicitor's office quite a bit. When I handed him documents to sign I made sure that I bent forward so that he could look down the top of my blouse.
His office is one of these 'old world' places with bookcases all up the walls with a little step ladder to get up to them. After a couple of days he started asking me to get the books that he wanted that were high up. I smiled the first time that he asked me as I knew exactly why he asked me; and I wasn't going to disappoint him. By the end of the two weeks he was either a lot younger, or about to snuff if with over-excitement.
The two female Solicitors were miserable things. I'm sure that they realised what was going on, but they never said anything, just gave me lots of work to do. The other Secretary always wore long skirts or trousers and never seemed to want to get into conversation. I caught her staring at me a couple of times, and it was a good job that her desk faced away from the visitor's waiting area.
At the end of my time there the old man thanked me for brightening the place up, and said that he wished that he could keep me on longer.
The second interesting temping job that I did was a week in cafeteria in a big shop. It wasn't the job that was interesting (it was crap), it was what Jon was doing to me whilst I worked. A short while after I told Jon what I was going to do he told me that I had to wear my remote controlled egg every day.
The first morning went quite quickly, but at lunchtime, just as I was in the middle of serving an old lady, the egg got switched on. I was in mid sentence when I suddenly gasped, bent over slightly and started shaking. After a few seconds I managed to compose myself enough to look round for Jon. As I was looking the little old lady asked me if I was all right.
The egg was on low so I managed to continue serving customers while I looked round for Jon. I couldn't see him anywhere.
About 15 minutes later the pace of the vibrations increased and I still couldn't see Jon. Then it got higher. I was in serious danger on cumming while serving a customer. I was starting to sweat and kept pulling a face and stifling a scream.
As I came the first time, one of the other girls asked me if I was okay. What could I say,
"yes thank you, I'm just in the middle of having an orgasm, I'll be back to normal in a minute!"
After about an hour the egg got turned down to low and stayed like that for the rest of the afternoon. Twice during that time I had to go to the toilet to dry myself.
The same thing happened for the next 3 days. I never saw Jon once, and he denied being there when I asked him about it on an evening.
The last day started the same, but half way through the lunchtime, just as I was building up to my second orgasm, the egg went on to full. I had a really difficult time trying to concentrate and to look normal. I haven't a clue what the customers must have thought. I know that some of the staff thought I was ill.
There was one girl who I think suspected what was going on, each time our eyes met she smiled at me with that knowing look.
The egg stayed on full for about another hour, it was agony and great all at the same time. In the end, I looked up at the next customer and Jon smiled and asked me for a boiled egg sandwich. Then he asked me if I was all right, as I looked all flustered. He left the egg on full until he'd finished his lunch and left.
Jon's told me that I can do some more Temping jobs if I want, I'll go into the agency every so often and see what they've got.
The third temping job was at the offices of a large company where some of the staff come into contact with the public. As a result all staff have to wear a uniform. In some respects the men were lucky as they have to wear white shirts, tie and charcoal trousers. I say 'in some respects' because I wouldn't like to be trussed up like that all day.
The women were both lucky and unlucky as well. Their summer uniform is a hideous silk like dress that goes down to the ankles. It fastens with buttons all down the front. When I first saw the uniform I hoped that because I would only be there for 3 weeks I wouldn't have to wear one. Now I was glad that I did.
Looking at the medium size I asked if they had an XS. They didn't, so I had to settle for the smallest that they had - medium. Most of the women there are grossly over weight so they didn't hold stocks of small or extra small. I went to the toilet and put it on. It was horrible. The only good thing that I could think of at the time was that it was very thin and felt good against my naked body.
It wasn't long before I realised that I could do a bit of teasing. Part of my job involved getting people to sign papers, most of them men. After a while one of the men asked me to point out where he had to sign. I didn't have a clue, not wanting to look too thick I bent over his desk and looked at the document. Where he had to sign was very obvious and as I looked up to tell him I saw where he was looking. The top of my oversized dress was hanging down and he had a great view of my little tits. My nipples got even harder. I let him look for a few more seconds before playing along with his game and showing him where to sign.
By the end of the day nearly all of the men had 'forgotten' where to sign. Of course I positioned myself so that they'd get the best view and I always took my time finding where to sign.
Every couple of hours I had to go to the toilet and relieve the pressures that were building up in my pussy.
The fourth temping job was delivering Sandwiches to Offices. For 4 weeks I had this little van and worked for 5 hours a day. Fortunately I didn't have to wear a uniform, I was just told to be 'smart'.
One of the offices that I delivered to was a big room with about 20 men working at desks. Most of them were very friendly and chatty. One of them was VERY chatty, cheeky, confident and sexist. On the fourth day that I was there while I was near him he was telling one of his mates about a film that he'd seen where there was a naked waitress. He asked me I would deliver the sandwiches in the nude. Of course I said no, but didn't move away and he asked again. This time I hesitated but again said no.
That night I told Jon about it and he told me to do it if I was asked again.
The next day he did ask again. This time I said,
"What's in it for me?"
That caught him by surprise but he soon recovered and told me that he'd sort something out and get back to me.
When I went in on the Monday he was waiting for me outside the door with £50 in his hand. He told me that I'd get £50 each day that I delivered in the nude. Well, what was I to say. Twenty men ogling at me as I walked in amongst them. Just what a girl like me loves. I hesitated a bit then said,
"Okay."
"Right then, strip off," he said.
I looked at him then took my top and then my skirt off. As my skirt came off he said,
"I thought so."
When I asked what he was talking about, he told me that he'd just won a bet as to whether or not I wore knickers.
We went in and 20 sets of eyes looked over to me as the door opened and word spread. Wow, what a feeling. My nips were rock hard, my pussy lips were swollen and I got wetter and wetter as I slowly walked round dropping off the sandwiches.
I carried the sandwiches in a basket and had to put it on the floor each time I stopped and had to check the sheets for each order and then bend over again to get the right sandwich out. When I'm working I normally bent over in a very lady like way, but since I was naked, and they wanted to see my body, I started bend at the waist. This gave them a great view of my ass and pussy and got me wetter as well.
Only about a dozen of the men had ordered sandwiches so I didn't have to go to all the desks. It took me twice as long to deliver to that office that day and when I'd finished the cheeky man gave me my skirt and top back and said,
"same again tomorrow".
I smiled at him and said,
"okay".
When I got back into the van I just had to take a break and relieve the pressure in my pussy.
When I went into work the next day my boss asked me what I'd been doing at that particular office because the order had nearly doubled. I just said that it must be my natural charm and got on with my work.
When I got to that office I looked at the sheets and saw what my boss meant. I guessed that all the men must have left their packed lunches at home. There was no way that I could get all those sandwiches into my basket for one trip, I'd have to do it in two trips. I moved the little van as close to the door as possible and looked around. Fortunately the office was away from a busy street so I reckoned that I'd be able to get away with coming back down to the van for the second load whilst still naked.
The cheeky man was waiting for me at the door again. I started to go into the office and the man asked me if I'd forgotten something. I just looked at him with a puzzled look on my face.
"The clothes!" he said.
I smiled at him, put my basket down and stripped. I gave him my clothes, turned away from him and bent at the waist to pick up the basket. Inside 20 pairs of eyes were waiting for me. As I started my round, most of them got on with their work, but some of the men never took their eyes off me until I left.
I took my time delivering the sandwiches as I got more and more excited.
When my basket was empty I went to the door to go back to the van. The cheeky man was there and offered me my clothes. I told him that I would leave them there and just 'brave it'. He said that he'd come with me 'just in case'.
When I opened the outside door I had a quick look around. As I'd suspected there was no one around so I went over to the van and opened the back doors. I deliberately leaned into the van to fill up the basket again knowing that Mr Cheeky would be taking in the scenery.
I earned a lot of money those 3 weeks. Each day after I'd been there I would park the van in a quiet place and frig myself to relieve the pressure.
The rest of the days were almost a repeat of the first except for: -
One man in his thirties who was walking about the office, put his hand on my left tit as he passed me. I said,
"look only, you're not paying for touching."
One day a Postman was delivering to the office and arrived as I was loading my basket for the second time. When he saw me he stopped in his tracks and when I walked him he said,
"I wish the post office offered a special delivery service like that."
"It's not cheap," I said.
On the weekend before the last week I put my pussy lips rings back in. You should of seen the face of the cheeky man as I bent over in front of him. He was lost for words.
I didn't tell them when it was my last day, but I took a French Stick in with me and just after I delivered the last lunch I jumped up on a desk and rubbed the French Stick between my legs then pushed it in. I had to do it quick before it got all soggy.
V