I called Dan and suggested we go and get something to eat. I put on a sun dress and a thong, having shaved this morning, and headed over to his place.
I beeped from the car, and a minute later he appeared at the door and got in.
I went to pull away, and he told me to stop.
"How about we start out without the dress?" he said.
Fine, I was sort of expecting something like this. Maybe even hoping a little. I took the dress off over my head, I went to throw it in the back seat, but he took it and went and put it in the trunk.
"Where are we going to eat?" I asked.
"McDonalds," he said, so I drove over there, pulled in to the parking lot and headed to park.
"Drive through," he said.
I wasn't expecting that, but I headed towards the drive through menu board and wound down my window. The cold air made my nipples go hard, and that just added to my embarrassment. I was blushing as I ordered a burger and fries and Dan ordered a cheeseburger without onions and a milkshake. They told us to pull up to the second window.
As we pulled up to the window, the guy there was shocked to see me at first. He mumbled about having to wait for them to make Dan's special order cheeseburger, and just stood there staring at my tits.
Dan whispered at me to play with my nipples, causing me to blush down to my tits, but I did it. They were already hard from the cold air, but now they were starting to get me excited.
Dan whispered "pull your nipples out for him," and I did, stretching them out. It was uncomfortable, and looked obscene.
Dan whispered "squeeze your tits together like they're going around his cock," and the image turned me on, but I kneaded them together.
Suddenly the guy at the window looked away, then went and came back with our food. He handed it to me, and I blew him a kiss as we drove away. We drove around, eating dinner, and he kept putting the cold milkshake cup on my hard nipples, keeping me buzzing. People could probably see me, but not too far into the car. I don't think anybody noticed. Thankfully it was starting to get dark.
I pointed out that we were getting a little low on gas, and Dan suggested we go and fill up somewhere.
I wasn't too happy about this, but I found a station that wasn't being used by anybody. I pulled in to a pump well away from the shop. I had hoped Dan would pump the gas, but he just sat there, waiting for me to do it.
I pulled my credit card out of my purse, took a deep breath and got out. I pumped the gas standing between the car and the pump, with the door open so people wouldn't see me. Dan reached over and closed the door, making me jump, but there was nobody else there. Finished, I jumped back into the car.
"Can I have a soda?" he asked.
Fuck it. I steeled myself, getting out of the car again, covered my tits with my arms and ran across the forecourt to the shop. I could see the older female clerk as I walked in and grabbed a Coke, and she looked pissed off.
When I got to the register, she asked if I was OK. I told her I was playing with wanting to be seen, but I wanted Dan there as protection, if you will. She asked if Dan was forcing me to do this, and I said no, he was helping me. She didn't seem to be too sure about all this, but I paid her and left.
I ran back and jumped in the car, shutting the door so nobody else would see me.
Dan said he'd prefer a Dr Pepper, and I told him to deal with it.
He asked about my interaction with the clerk, and I said I'd just had to explain myself to her, as she thought there was something bad going on. I asked him what we were going to do now.
"Let's go see a movie," he suggested.
I drove us to the nearest theater and parked a way from the entrance, in a dark area. I made sure nobody was looking, then got out and went to the trunk, getting my dress and putting it on.
We headed to the ticket office, and Dan bought 2 tickets to an R rated movie. They had couples seating, without the central arm rest, right towards the back. We took our seats and waited for the movie to start. There were several other couples scattered around, making out, but no one really close to us.
When the lights had gone out, Dan said to flash my tits. I slipped the dress off my shoulders, and let my tits out.
He told me nobody could see me, and to stand up, so I stood up. Nobody looked at me, and I sat down again.
He suggested I try holding my dress up from the bottom instead, so I hooked the shoulders back on, stood up and pulled the hem of my dress all the way up to my shoulders to show my tits again. This time one of the guys towards the front started to turn round, and I instantly sat down again, slumping low in my seat so he couldn't see me.
I was pretty horny by now, so I put one arm around his shoulders, and started rubbing his cock through his jeans.
He ran his hand up my leg and under my dress to play with my pussy through my thong. After a few minutes of this, he pulled my dress up to my waist and pulled my thong down to my thighs, playing with my pussy while we watched the movie.
He started tickling my clit and that pushed me over the edge - I bit his shoulder as I came to avoid making too much noise.
I pulled his hand away and sucked his fingers clean, then sorted out my thong and dress to look normal again. He put his arm around my shoulder so he could play with my tit.
He slipped the strap off my shoulder, and pulled my tit out. He was playing with the nipple, and I was still feeling his cock through his jeans. I wasn't really watching the movie, so I laid my head on his lap and ran my face and mouth over his denim covered cock. I unbuttoned his jeans, and started running my mouth over his cock through his underwear. I could taste pre-cum on the head, so I fished his cock out and put it in my mouth. We were going to be there for a while, so I just ran my tongue around the head, as I know he likes that.
I felt him pulling the hem of my dress up, and when he got it all the way up to my waist, I stopped sucking and just pulled it off over my head. It was still looped over my lower arm, and I tucked it underneath me out of the way, and went back to licking and sucking the head of his cock.
Suddenly somebody sat down right beside me, so I sat up and covered my tits with an arm. It was a couple. They smiled at me, and the lady told me how sexy it was, watching me. Watching me? How long had they been there?
Dan took the opportunity to take my dress off me completely, leaving me sitting there in just a thong.
The guy asked if he could feel my tits. No way, dude. I shook my head, and said "not yet," looking at Dan to see if he wanted me to let him. He just shrugged, so I sat there, covering myself with one arm and slowly jacking Dan with the other hand.
They started making out, so I bent back to carry on licking the head of Dan's cock.
Dan whispered to me to take off my thong. I wasn't sure about this, so I shook my head slightly, but he was stroking my bum, with his fingers going under the straps. I started pulling it down, wiggling to get it past my thighs and he pulled it to my feet and off. I went back to suckling on his cock.
Dan said I would want to see what was going on, so I sat up, covering my nakedness as best I could. The lady had her shirt open and her bra up, so I could see her tits. Her jeans were around her knees, and her panties were down so I could see her pubic hair. The guy had his jeans open and his cock was just poking out. As I watched her, she looked back at me, sitting there naked, and she stood up, pulling her jeans and panties down all the way. She moved the guy from next to me, and sat down in his place.
She asked if she could touch me, and when I said she could and moved my hand, she cupped my tit, gently. After a while, her guy reached around and started playing with her pussy, and she let go of me and turned back to him.
I decided to get Dan off, so I put my mouth back over his cock and started bobbing up and down on him again, licking the underside. He reached around from behind and started sliding his fingers over my pussy again, occasionally touching my clit.
Suddenly he said "you have a larger audience," and that just pushed me over the edge. I moaned and started cumming. I think that drove him over too, as shortly after that, he came in my mouth, and there was a hell of a lot of it. I managed to swallow it all down though, and lay there gently sucking his cock until it went soft.
I sat up, and there were people in the row in front looking at me, and I tapped the shoulder of the lady next to me. When she turned, I gave her a long kiss, and I just know she could taste Dan's cum on my tongue. She grinned at me, then stripped off her shirt before kneeling down on the floor and sucking her guy off too... he didn't last long at all.
When the lights came up we sat and waited for most of the people to leave as the doors were below us, then I grabbed my thong and pulled it back on. I grabbed my dress and pulled that on too, then we said good night to everybody, and left.