Note: These are stories, that I have either lived or heard about over the years of men being exposed in public. None of the ones I'm writing have been arrested unless it is notated in the story. Some of them are embellished to improve the experience, but all of them have happened to the best of my knowledge. Not all of them are first hand accounts. I will also include a note at the conclusion of the story of the couple in question of the story and what happened to them.
It was a nice warm late spring day, and we had been dating for about a year at that point. We were just driving around with no real destination in mind, just enjoying the weather. Olivia pointed out the new park that was opening up that summer, and we decided to check it out as the gates that led to the parking area at the rear were open.
I noticed several cars in the parking lot as well and they all seemed empty. There were a couple of picnic tables around the area but mostly there were trail entrances. They were paved and there were 4 entrances and they wound though a wooded area and each trail ended up in the front area of the park where there was a large walking or running track and multiple soccer and baseball fields. As we were walking along one of trails Olivia said, "Dale, I just love this place."
Something about the look in her eyes led me to realize that she was feeling turned on. I wasn't really surprised as she had been away at her nanny job as the family, she was working for went on vacation, and she had told me that she hadn't gotten a chance to sneak away and masturbate so she was very ready to have sex. I smiled back at her as we continued down the path toward the parking area and she said, "Kiss me."
I turned and gave her a long slow sensual kiss as I always did. This immediately caused me to get hard. She reached down to my cock and squeezed it through my shorts and underwear. She looked around on the path and said, "I don't see anyone." She then giggled as she guided me to lean up on the nearest tree. Before I could really register that we were outside in public, she had my shorts and underwear around my knees and was giving me an amazing blowjob against the tree. I realized because of the setting that this would have to be a quickie, but we were so into it that we weren't going to stop. She quickly got up and slid her shorts and panties down and put her hands on the tree and said, "Take me." I moved to her and in the process to walk better I tossed my shorts and underwear to the side in a grassy area and I moved behind her and lined myself up and slid into her wet pussy.
I started fucking her slowly to let her get used to the feeling. I started to speed up and she moaned but was obviously trying to be quiet. The sex outdoors and the heat caused me to start to sweat, so I took my t-shirt off and tossed it over on top of my other clothes. Then she turned her head over her shoulder and said, "Sit down."
I moved a couple steps from the tree and she moved over and kneeled down on my cock. She was really turned on; I could tell because she started bouncing on my cock as fast and as hard as she could. We were both rushing towards orgasm. I told her that I was going to cum and she moved off me quickly and aimed my cock away from her so the cum wouldn't get on her and it splashed harmlessly onto the ground.
As I lay there catching my breath, I closed my eyes for a second and heard more than actually saw Olivia adjust her clothes. Then she giggled again. I opened my eyes and glanced toward where my clothes were. They weren't there where I left them, I quickly looked back towards Olivia and she had my clothes in her hands and she said, "Meet you at the car!" She was gone around the corner just that quickly.
For the first time in my life I was in a public park, totally nude, except for my shoes and socks. I stood stock still for a moment from shock as I realized that I was going to have to get out of this park with no clothes on. I covered myself with my hands and started back down the path toward where Olivia had disappeared with my clothes. As I was walking toward that parking lot the path seemed to get longer and longer. I had not run into anyone else. I head voices through the trees and was able to catch glimpses of people through the trees, but nothing was really very clear. I figured since no one was on the path close to me I could stop covering myself, so I dropped my hands and enjoyed walking nude in the woods. As I was walking nude my cock started to become erect, I didn't realize just how turned on I was getting.
Just when I was within sight distance of the parking lot, my luck ran out. I turned the corner as a couple of college girls turned the same corner.
"Oh shit! He's got no clothes on," the brunette one shouted.
My hands immediately shot back to cover my cock and balls as they girls pointed and laughed at the fact that there was a naked man in there presence.
Instead of waiting to hear the response from the blonde, I bolted and ran for the car, covering my erect cock as I ran. Of course, Olivia had moved across the parking lot from where I had originally parked but was sitting in the driver seat smiling as I ran nude from the path across the parking lot to the car. I hopped in and she had the air conditioner turned on full blast and the sweat on my body felt as if it had immediately turned to ice.
I then said, "Can I have my clothes back?"
Olivia shifted the car into drive and looked over at me sitting in the seat covering my cock and balls with my hands and said, "I put them in the trunk."
"Why?" I asked her.
"You can earn them back," she said.
"Seriously," I asked.
"Yes," she said. "I want you to jerk off as I'm driving. When you cum determines when I give you the keys to get your clothes."
"What are you talking about?" I asked feeling really confused.
"Once we get onto the road, you have ten miles to cum. If you can get yourself off in that ten-mile stretch, I will turn off the road and into that unfinished subdivision and I will give you your car keys and you can get your clothes out of the trunk.
"Ok, and if I don't," I asked her.
She laughed at me and said, "If you don't, you won't get your keys back until I decide I'm ready to go home, then you will get them while we are in my driveway."
She pulled up to the intersection with the road and said, "Get stroking," as she made the turn and accelerated.
Knowing the consequences and for some weird embarrassment to the whole thing was really turning me on even more. I started stroking listening to Olivia who started to talk as this was going on. She said, "I kind of hope that you don't make it."
I started to speed up on my cock and as I did so Olivia pressed harder on the accelerator pedal and the vehicle started to speed up. "I like the idea of keeping you naked and hard all day and night. Hey, I wonder if the drive in is open."
I groaned as I sped up my stroking while watching the miles click off on the odometer from the passenger seat.
"If you don't make it, I'm going to drive through downtown just to show you off. Did I mention that you aren't going to be able to cover yourself with your hands?"
I almost whined begging my hard cock to cum so that I wouldn't have to submit to this embarrassment.
"Oh, poor baby, are you embarrassed that I'm taking control of your naked body?" She smiled at me, "I don't know if your enjoying this forced masturbation, you or me."
I tensed up and started to shoot my load of cum out of my cock that I had aimed it at my stomach and chest, as I was cumming Olivia was laughing.
After my second load of the day I was panting like I had just run a marathon and felt as if I had. "8.2 miles," Olivia said, "cutting it a little close, baby."
She was true to her word and turned into the subdivision and gave me my keys and I got out and got my clothes from the trunk and slipped them on. I got back into the car and let Olivia keep driving. I was quiet for a long time as I sat there contemplating how embarrassed she had made me from the college girls that saw me naked to the fact that until that moment, I had never masturbated in front of anyone.
Finally, I asked her a one-word question, "Why?"
Olivia said, "I'm trying to help to free you some. I've noticed that when we have sex that your so timid and embarrassed that all you want to do is get some cover. I love your naked body, and I don't think you've noticed I love being naked around you."
I said, "There had to be a better way that was really embarrassing!"
Olivia smiled at me and looked at me as we were stopped at a red light and said, "Embarrassing my ass, you sitting there jerking your cock for all it was worth was sexy as hell!"
I told her, "I was embarrassed."
"I'm sorry," Olivia said. "I thought it was really kinky, and I did enjoy it."
Thinking about it for a bit I decided that she was right it was kinky and hell even though I was really embarrassed the more I thought about it the more I realized that I did enjoy it. Hell, even the little trip back in the park when I was bare ass naked and anyone could have seen me was a turn on too. I started to contemplate that there might be a bit of an exhibitionist in me after all.
"You up for a double feature?" she asked me as she drove in the direction of the drive-in movies a couple towns from where we lived.
"Sure," I replied as she pulled in.
The first movie was great it was a summer blockbuster that year, the second film in the double feature was nowhere near as good as the first one. Then it started to rain, we quickly tossed our lawn chairs into the trunk of the car and climbed inside to get out of the weather. As we sat there the rain grew in intensity until the screen was just a blur of images. Olivia moved over closer to me and slid her arm around my shoulders and kissed my neck then my lips. As she kissed me, I reached out a hand to caress her right breast. She reached out removed my hand and whispered to me, "No, this is all about you. I want to make you feel good."
I softly chuckled. I thought to myself, we fucked in the park, you made me jerk off naked in my own car and now you want to make me feel good again. I was in freaking heaven. I really had no idea what she had planned.
We continued to make out with the rain pouring down and windows fogging up completely obscuring the screen when she reached out and started to caress my cock through my pants and underwear. Despite all the other stimulation throughout the day, I was rock hard in seconds. I was putty in her hands once she got me hard. I would do anything she asked me, and that night I was super sensitive to her touch. I was sure she was going to release my cock and give me at least a hand job if not a blow job, but she didn't. She just kept rubbing my cock through my clothes. She then whispered in my ear as she had been kissing and nibbling on my neck, "I want you to cum in your pants."
"Um, I don't think I can," I said in response.
"Come on baby, I can tell your cock is super hard and I've stimulated the absolute hell out of you today, I want to feel that big hard cock unload into your clothes to end this wonderful date," she said as she lightly bit my neck again and started to kiss me, her tongue exploring the inside of my mouth.
"Fuck," I whispered as I realized that her hand was relentless and I may not have thought that I could cum from that kind of stimulation, my girlfriend was about to prove me wrong. I felt the cum start to rush up my shaft and stiffened up as I started shooting cum, into my underwear for the first time that I could remember.
Olivia giggled again as she had felt the throbbing in my cock and realized what was happening. She continued to slowly stroke my cock as the cum began to soak through my underwear and my shorts.
I reached into the back to find a towel or something to try to clean up with.
Olivia said, "Oh no, you don't."
"What?" I asked her.
"I don't want you to clean up," she said. "I want you to keep it in your pants until you get home. I want you to think of me all the way home with that wet sticky mess in your pants."
I smiled at her, "I don't think I could ever forget you."
Olivia smiled at me, "I'll guarantee it."
Suddenly, headlights started coming on in the cars around us, signaling that the movie had ended, I returned the speaker to the hook outside the car and started the car and turned on the defroster as I couldn't see to leave just yet. Once the window was clear I pulled out and started down the main road to drop Olivia off before heading home myself. Olivia spoke up as I was driving, "I hope you don't think I'm too sexual for you."
I said, "No, you're not too sexual. I think if nothing else you're helping to expand my boundaries. Still don't want to get arrested or anything."
"So, you're not mad, that I made you run from the park back to the car naked?"
"No," I replied honestly. "That actually turned me on for some strange reason."
"How about making you jerk off to get your clothes back?"
This time I laughed, "Well, that was slightly embarrassing as I felt that anyone could see what I was doing as we were driving but as I was doing it, I realized it was fucking hot as hell."
"About making you shoot your last load of the day into your pants and underwear?"
"Nope, I think I will always remember today as one of hell a sexual adventure."
This seemed to satisfy Olivia as she reclined her seat back and said, "Good." At that point she slid her hands down into her shorts and panties and fingered herself to orgasm without removing any of her clothes. Despite the fact that there was now a cool sticky messy in my pants my cock still responded to her masturbation and hardened as she made herself cum.
"I could have helped with that," I told her as she sat back up.
"I know, I was just so turned on, I wanted to get off before I got home," she smiled.
"Ok," I said.
A couple minutes later we were in her driveway and she said, "I'll probably sleep in, so don't call me too early. I've still got the next two days off."
"I'll call you tomorrow afternoon," I replied. "I love you."
"I love you too," she said kissing me before getting out the car.
I made sure she got inside and closed the door before I left and drove home. Once I got inside, I slipped into a quick shower to clean up the mess that Olivia had made. It had been a great day, and damned if I couldn't resist getting off one more time. I stroked my cock again to the thought of Olivia laying on that car seat getting herself off as I was driving her back home.
Case Summary: Dale and Olivia were married several years later and had 10 years together, before they grew apart. It took Dale a lot of time to get past the events that led to the initial divorce, since that time he strives to become a better man and not be a bitter man, and he has made great strides toward that. He prefers to think of the great times that they had together as opposed to the bad times towards the end.
Olivia moved on as well, she has since remarried even though Dale has not. She is happy with her life, and continues to make her home as happy as possible with the everyday stresses of life. She was more angry than bitter with what happened and recovered more quickly from the divorce than Dale did. In the end much like Dale she prefers to remember the good times as opposed to the bad.
Case 1 Closed.