This story takes place on a parallel world where registered nudity and indentured slavery are legal under a government known as "The State". A young woman is blackmailed and slowly coerced into a life she never expected.
This story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.Themes include cmnf, cfnf, enf, humiliation, non-consent, reluctance, blackmail, public nudity and public sex.
*****
As Casey rode to Tech, she started feeling nervous. She was going to be interviewed by the Port Wiluma Gazette that morning, which meant that her nudity was about to become very public knowledge outside of her current circle, and that would mean even more attention on her everywhere she went. She tried reassuring herself by remembering that now she had something worthwhile to say. Here was an opportunity to send a message about body positivity out to women everywhere, as well as indirectly creating exposure for her porn career, which like it or not, had a payoff which benefited her as much as it did Jolene now.
Would the porn side of things destroy her female empowerment message, though? Would people just see an Internet slut with a double standard? Perhaps not if the porn was presented as a celebration of female sexuality. The two things needn't be mutually exclusive, but she would need to control the narrative and make sure the right message came across. She decided she would also speak to Jolene about adding something about it on her website instead of all the bullshit on there at the moment designed just to titillate purvy men who only saw a body and not a woman. Surely it was possible to do both…
At morning teatime, she went up to Administration and found the News crew already waiting for her. Leanne led them all to an interview room.
"Hi, I'm Alexis from the Port Wiluma Gazette, and you must be Casey?" greeted the well-dressed young reporter holding out her hand.
"Yes, pleased to meet you," Casey replied as she shook her hand and smiled briefly at the question, wondering if Alexis actually expected to find more than one naked girl on campus.
"Ok, just relax, Casey," Alexis continued. "Answer at your own pace, and any questions you don't like just say so. Over there is Graham, our camera guy. We'll get some shots of you during and afterwards if that's ok? Other than that, we'll only be recording audio for the interview itself."
"Sure," Casey replied.
"Ok, comfortable?" Alexis asked.
Casey nodded.
"So, what made you want to become a nudist?"
She was ready for this one.
"Well, I'd been intrigued by the idea for some time and started experimenting. Then an opportunity presented itself and I had to take it," Casey replied, without really lying.
"How long have you been a nudist?"
"Um... this is just my second week."
"Oh wow. Were you nervous at first at all, or was it everything you hoped it would be?"
"Um... I'd be lying if I said I was totally comfortable at first, but I'm getting used to it now. The faculty has been very accepting, and I think the other students are getting used to seeing me around now too."
"What are you studying?"
"I've almost finished my diploma in graphic design."
"Do you think being nude will affect your career prospects?"
"Um… well hopefully not, but I guess I'll see," she responded, wondering if she actually would have any chance of landing a job after all the porn she would have done by the time her indenture to Jolene was finished. "The Tech program has prepared me well, and it's illegal to refuse to give me a job just because I'm a nudist, and graphic design doesn't usually involve much customer service so hopefully it won't be a factor anyway."
"Were there any unexpected things you've gained from the experience?"
Here was an opportunity to talk about female body positivity.
"Actually yes. The feedback I've received from people, women in particular, has really driven home the message that women's bodies come in lots of different shapes and sizes, and all of them are normal. Women have been taught to be ashamed of their bodies and their sexualities, particularly if they don't meet certain standards, and those standards are unrealistic, and they've been doing untold harm all over the world for too long."
"And what made you come to that realisation?"
"Well, I had hang-ups about certain parts of my body, but from what people have told me, and from what I've since learned, there's nothing at all out of the ordinary about me. I am perfectly normal, and beautiful, and so is every woman out there. We are not Barbie dolls, and we should not be expected to look or act like them. We are human beings. Women and girls have even been mutilating themselves getting nose jobs, breast implants, even so-called vaginal rejuvenations, you name it, because the world has been corrupted by outdated and inaccurate patriarchal stereotypes about what women should look like and how they should behave. All that needs to stop."
"That's a powerful message. Have there been any downsides to being nude?"
"Well, apart from not being able to hide anything from anyone anymore, I guess rude people really bug me. Some people seem to think that my body is their business, or that I'm here for them to gawk at or judge. If I hear one more person tell me that I seem to have forgotten something, or one more idiot beep their horn at me while I'm on my bike, I'm going to throttle them. I am not an object. I am not a toy or a possession. I am human. I am a woman. It shouldn't matter how a woman dresses, or undresses as it is in my case, it's nobody else's business."
"Oh ok. We've seen some of your, ahem, material online. How would you respond to that?"
Leanne vigorously shook her head at that. Casey was momentarily shocked to realise that both the newspaper and Bernstein knew about her porn career, which meant that Bernstein must be just biding her time and avoiding any scandal that might trigger an anti-discrimination lawsuit until she graduated. It was only a few months away after all. However, since it was out in the open anyway, she felt the need to defend herself. She had already considered this and knew she could combine sexual freedom with body positivity. This was the double standard she was worried people might read into her lifestyle. She would need to choose her words carefully though.
"Off the record, you may notice the complete absence of any men in my work, and nothing that is not in keeping with everything I've said here today. A woman's sexuality can and should be celebrated. It is as much a part of her as anything else, and it is still very much her business if, when or how she chooses to celebrate it," Casey replied.
"So, you don't just do it for the money?"
Shit! It's true I wouldn't be doing any of that stuff if there wasn't a financial incentive for Jolene, but then what's wrong with taking advantage of men willing to pay money to see me celebrate my sexuality? More fool them, right?
"If it was just about money, just think about who it is that might be forking that money over…" Casey replied while tilting her head and raising her eyebrows.
"Um... I object to this line of questioning and ask that Casey's extracurricular activities do not go to print. We are aware of them and do not wish them to be associated with our organisation," Leanne interjected.
"That's ok," Alexis responded. "We won't print any of that. I was just interested to hear Casey's justification for it."
She turned back to Casey.
"Casey, you are a true inspiration to women everywhere. I personally feel inspired by you, even with your, ahem, extracurricular activities, which I think you may actually be right about. You are protesting the patriarchy by representing a body-positive feminist message and celebrating female sexuality, while at the same time getting paid for it by the people who want to objectify you. I think altogether that might actually be a stroke of pure genius!"
"Uh ok, thanks," Casey replied, ecstatic that she had managed to make her point, but still somewhat nervous that Alexis and Bernstein knew about her porn activities. That could be difficult to contain if the newspaper printed the wrong thing.
"Ok, I think we have enough for our story," Alexis continued. "Is it ok if we get a few photos? I'd like to get some of you with your bike. That was what led us to tracking you down. We had so many calls from people who'd seen you cycling, and we just had to find out more about you."
"Yes, that's fine," Casey replied, deciding that one more picture of her was just a drop in an ocean of thousands already in existence anyway.
The four of them then went down to the bike racks and they had Casey pose with her backpack on while holding her bike.
And then the interview was over. Alexis came over to Casey while the cameraman was packing up.
"You interviewed really well, Casey. I came here expecting to interview a bimbo wannabe porn star, but instead I found someone confident, intelligent, and articulate. You are a true modern-day warrior, and I find myself now envying you. I've tried to fight much the same battles, but my career has meant I've had to compromise, and sometimes even pretend to be something I'm not just to break through glass ceilings. You don't compromise at all, to the point of committing to becoming a full-time nudist. That takes massive courage. You really have inspired me, and I'm a big fan now. Don't give up."
Casey wished giving up was an option.
"Thanks," she replied. "I'm so glad I'm able to make a difference."
"You are and you will," Alexis replied. "You've found a unique way to protest patriarchal bullshit and send out a positive message to women, which the men who come to ogle you will also get while financing you at the same time. Watch out, though. Some people aren't going to agree with your message or your methods. Some will even try to defend our established and antiquated moral standards to the death. Here, take my card. You call me if ever I can help you."
"Thanks, Alexis, will do," Casey replied, and then wondered where she could put the card before remembering she had her backpack with her.
She later had lunch with Greg in the cafeteria as usual, and the rest of the day passed quickly until it was time to go to Mark's. She briefly wondered what he'd have in store for her as she was cycling over, but then decided she really didn't care anymore. She set herself a goal of throwing herself into whatever he wanted her to do without questioning or doubting herself for a moment. This was after all her life now.
"Hi, Casey," Mark greeted on her arrival. "Are you ready for another NIP session?"
"Sure, Mark, what did you have in mind?" she asked, in keeping with the goal she had set for herself.
"Well, I was inspired by your show on Sunday. There's a little convenience store around the block. I thought we'd record you walking there, and then get you to go inside to do some shopping."
"Ok, sounds nice…" Casey responded, assuming there was going to be more to it than just that.
"So, there's a male cashier. I want you to buy the biggest cucumber you can find and a bottle of lube. Then as he's ringing them up, ask him if he'd like to watch you using them. Are you up for that?"
Casey swallowed and started to regret her goal to throw herself into whatever Mark wanted her to do today. Still, there wasn't really much left that she hadn't already done in front of people anyway.
"Yeah sure. Where would this be happening, though?"
"There's a small car park out behind the store. Gillian will bring a groundsheet for you to set up on so you're not on the hard ground. Still with me?"
"Yes, sounds fine. Is the cashier in on this?"
"No, it's all going to be impromptu. I want to get genuine reactions."
Casey swallowed again but then gave a wicked smile. Maybe this was more than she expected to have to do but it was time to forget the old Casey. It was time for porn star Casey to take over and shine.
"Ok, we'll get you coming out of the door again." Mark instructed.
Click.
"Now this time turn up the street and take the first right."
Click.
Casey made her way and smiled as she noticed people stopping in the street to watch.
"Ok, that's the store over there. Head across when you're ready. Gillian will follow behind you to pay for the items."
Casey entered and noticed the cashier's mouth was slightly open in amazement as he watched every step she took. Obviously, it wasn't every day a pretty teenager walked into his store naked. She made her way to the fruit and vegetable section and found the perfect cucumber for the task. Then she moved along the aisles until she found the bathroom and toiletry supplies. She couldn't see any lube as such, but then noticed good old baby oil.
That will do nicely.
As the cashier rang up this strange nude girl's order of a single cucumber and baby oil, she noticed him smile faintly to himself.
"Would you like to watch me use them?" she asked with a cheeky smile.
"You're kidding, right?"
"No, I'm serious. We're doing a photoshoot, and we can go behind the store here right now and you can watch me put these items to good use if you like?"
The man didn't need to be asked twice, and quickly made his way around the counter with the store keys ready to lock the door behind them. There were three other men in the store who had been watching Casey and overheard the conversation. They asked if they could join in as well.
"Sure, the more the merrier!" Casey replied, reminding herself she was a confident porn star now.
She made her way down the driveway behind the store, holding the bottle of baby oil and the cucumber, with Mark, Gillian and the four men following. Some people in the street saw the strange sight of a naked girl with the group and came over to see what was going on as well.
As she knelt down on the groundsheet Gillian laid out, and started covering her body in baby oil, she noticed there were at least a dozen people watching around her, and they all had their phones out. It reminded her of the dildo show she'd done on Sunday for all of the clients, except this time it felt different. This felt more like her choice, and she was the one in control. She looked up at all of the faces and cameras around her, smiled sweetly and parted her legs to get plenty of oil around her pussy, angling herself so that everyone had a clear view. Then she put her fingers inside and started masturbating slowly. She was incredibly aroused already.
Moaning, she grabbed the cucumber and rubbed it all over her glistening body until it too glistened with oil in the afternoon sun. She rubbed one of the ends around her opening but found the cucumber a little too long to push inside while she was kneeling, so she laid on her back on the ground and stretched her legs wide apart. Checking to see she still had her audience's attention, and they all had a clear view, she pushed the cucumber home and began slowly moving it in and out, raising her hips to meet each thrust. As her arousal grew and she felt that old familiar ache in her lower stomach, she reached down with her free hand to rub her clit and feel her pussy stretching to accommodate the cucumber's considerable girth. Checking one final time to ensure everyone was watching and Mark and Gillian were still recording, she let herself go and allowed the orgasm to wash over her.
Click. Click. Click. Click.
As the orgasm subsided, her audience erupted into cheers and clapping. Casey stood up smiling and took a bow, sweeping her arms out with the cucumber in one hand like a baton.
As she cycled home, she remembered the girl she was just three weeks ago. That girl kept to herself, wore clothes, proudly sported a full bush and was yet to be with a boy. She wasn't that girl anymore. She was something new now. She hadn't quite filled in all of the blanks, and it still didn't feel quite natural to be nude all of the time, but she knew she had a new destiny in life now. It was time to embrace that and see where it led her. It wasn't like she had any other choice left now anyway. Everyone she knew and cared about, plus untold numbers of people she'd never met, had seen her naked now, and most of those had seen her performing as well. Like it or not, she was a nudist and a porn star now, and that would never change as long as the Internet still existed.