Danica Patrick was 7 races into her first full season in the NASCAR Nationwide series, which consisted of 33 races. After the 7th race, held at Richmond International Raceway where she finished 21st, she had an average finish of 22nd, several torn up race cars, as well as several drivers in the Nationwide series very upset with her because either they felt like she didn't deserve to be there, or she had wrecked their own car while wrecking her own, or both.
But she was still a national spectacle with plenty of appeal. After all, she was the first woman to truly compete at the highest levels of NASCAR in its history.
The TV network covering the NASCAR series had been making arrangements for her to appear in the booth during a Spring Cup race as a special guest ever since she won the pole for the first race of the season at Daytona. It finally came to fruition at Richmond.
The announcer team of Mike Joy, Darrell "DW" Waltrip, and Larry "Mac" McReynolds greeted her warmly when the producer led her into the booth. It was much smaller and cramped than she had expected. The guys were dressed in their customary suit and tie to start the race. Eventually, as the race wore on, they would each lose their jackets and loosen their ties. Danica came dressed in a satin, cream-colored button down blouse that tucked into a short black skirt. Her toned, tan legs fell into a pair of black stilettos. Always aware of the marketing value of her womanly charms, the blouse was unbuttoned well into her cleavage and the skirt was as short as possible.
"Welcome to the booth!" DW said with excitement as he shook her hand and watched her tits bounce under her blouse.Damn! Is she not wearin' a bra?! Hot damn!
"Yes, welcome," Mike said warmly.
"Don't worry about a thing, Danica," Larry said in a comforting tone as his eyes bounced between her face and the points in her shirt created by her erect nipples. "Just follow our lead."
She nodded and smiled. "Will do. Thanks, guys!"
The four turned their backs to the race track, staring into the camera at the back of the booth. Mike was on the far left with DW, Danica, and Larry to his left.
The producer in the TV truck behind the grandstand came into the ears through their headsets. "Okay, guys! And Danica! The race is the Capital City 400 presented by Virginia Is For Lovers I know it's a mouthful! We've got a cue card right here as a reminder. Some banter with Danica, then we'll go to Steve in the pits. Danica, remember, we're live! Here we go! Five...Four...Three...Two..."
The tiny booth filled with the sound of three zippers being dropped and the rustling of polyester being moved aside. Danica glanced down and side to side to see three stiff masts surrounding her. Just as the camera operator in the booth pointed at the camera, Danica looked into it like a deer caught in the headlights.
What the fuck?!she thought to herself.
"Hello and welcome to Richmond International Speedway in beautiful Richmond, Virginia for the Capital City 400 presented by Virginia Is For Lovers!" Mike said with excitement to the hidden audience. Two hands grabbed each of Danica's wrists and pulled them until her hands were resting on a pair of skin covered microphones. She instinctively wrapped her tiny hands around them and slowly began to tug on them. "I'm Mike Joy. Up here in the booth with me are racing legends Darrell Waltrip and Larry McReynolds, along with our special guest Danica Patrick. Welcome, Danica!"
"I, uh, gee, yeah, oh!" A rough finger had found its way under her skirt and circled her puckered brown hole.
"Being up here in the booth is a little different than being down on the track, huh, Danica?" DW asked with a smile as he rimmed her bunghole.
"Uh, yeah, I'll say," she chuckled nervously.
"Ha!" DW laughed. "Don't you worry none. You'll get a grip on it right quick, I'm sure of it."
"I'd say she's already got a grip on it, DW!" Larry chimed in, causing the four to laugh.
"Yeah, well, uh, thanks for the, uh, warm welcome, guys. I'm, uh, glad to be here."
"Believe me, we're glad to have you here!" Mike replied. "So, Danica, you're making the switch from the smaller, lighter IndyCars to the heavier and bigger hot rods of NASCAR."
Danica nodded while she continued to yank on the two legends. "Yes, that's true, Mike. Everything - and I do mean everything - is bigger and heavier in the NASCAR world."
"Yeah, we like to think you're up here playin' with the big boys now that you're in NASCAR!" DW smiled.
Danica nodded. "I believe you're right, DW. I'm definitely playing with the big boys now."
"You've been over here for, what, 7 races now?" Larry asked and Danica nodded. "With, let's say, mixed results. Is it harder than you expected?"
She nodded and her grip tightened. "Oh, it's definitely harder than I expected. But I think I'm up to the task."
DW smiled down at her. "Oh, I have no doubt you are!"
Mike jumped back in. "Let's throw it down to our pit reporters for some last minute updates, starting with Steve Byrnes. Steve, what've you got?"
"Well, Mike, down here in the 22 pit..."
The microphones in the booth were turned off.
Larry turned to Danica, his pole still in her hand. "We're gonna have a lotta fun today."
Danica winked at him. "I think you're right."
"We hear you're a good little cocksucker," Larry said with a curled lip.
Danica smiled back with a twinkle in her eye. "Word travels fast."
"It's racin', baby! You didn't expect it to be slow, did ya'?" DW asked.
"How 'bout you give us a little sample?" Larry suggested.
"With pleasure."
When she dropped to her knees she was quickly surrounded by three stiff masts, each one inches from her face. As the network worked its way around the three pit reporters, Danica worked her way around the three booth announcers. While she worked on one she tugged on the other two. There was always at least two hands pawing at her breasts through the silky material.
"Oh yeah! This girls got some skills alright!" DW observed.
Larry concurred. "Yeah she does! She'd suck the bark right off a tree!"
"If she could drive like she sucked, she'd win every race!" Mike surmised, causing the three men to laugh.
Sucking these three old men off with a camera right there and others watching is making me hot! Fuck! What kind of slut have I become?!
"Goddamn! She's gonna make me cum before the race even starts if she keeps this up!" Larry announced.
"Her lips are as silky as her shirt," Mike noted while she was wrapped around his pole with his hands on the back of her head.
The voice in their ears interrupted the action. "Okay, everybody! We're coming back to the booth in 30 seconds! Quick spot, then we'll go to commercial!" Danica jumped to her feet. Her blouse was askew as was her hair. Her chin was shiny. "15 seconds!" She tried to straight her blouse. "10 seconds!"
She ran her hands through her hair.Shit!
"Five...four...three...two..." The camera operator once again pointed at the camera. The viewing audience only saw the four from the waist up. They didn't see the three shiny schlongs, two of which had Danica's hand wrapped around them.
"Thanks, Lindsay!" Mike said just as smoothly as Danica's blouse. "Let's take a quick break. When we come back, we'll get the command to fire the engines!"
"Clear!" the producer pronounced.
"How about that Lindsay?" Larry asked. "Have either of you boys done Lindsay yet?"
DW shook his head. "Nope." Then he held up a finger and smiled. "Not yet."
"I heard she once did Earnhardt trying to get an interview when she first started," Mike volunteered.
"Did she get the interview?" DW asked.
"Not that I'm aware of. Word is all she got was an ass full of The Intimidator!" The three men laughed.
"Yeah, he was a real son of a bitch like that," Larry chuckled, having been his crew chief for many years. "That bitch is on my bucket list, that's for damn sure."
DW looked down at Danica. "How 'bout you, Danica? Have you done Lindsay yet?"
"Uh, well, uh, no, not yet. I mean, I really don't swing that way," she said while she continued to stroke their shafts and DW circled her pucker.
"So you're sayin' there's a chance. Hot damn! I hope I'm there for that!"
"We're hot in 30 seconds!" the producer announced.
"I'm already pretty dang hot," DW chuckled.
"You boys are makin' me hot!"
"15 seconds!"
Larry looked around Darrell. "You ain't seen nothin' yet...bitch." The words sent a chill up her spine.
"10 seconds!" Danica felt pressure on her back door.
"Five! Four! Three! Two!"
"Welcome back, folks!" Mike said.
Danica's eyes opened wide and she rose onto the balls of her feet while Darrell quietly chuckled with the tip of his finger penetrating her. "Oh!"
"Excitin' ain't it, Danica?" DW asked with a wide grin.
"Um, yes, it, uh, sure is, DW!"I'm absolutely soaked! Fuck!
"Let's go down trackside for the most famous words in motorsports!"
The Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney stood at the start/finish line, mic in hand, looking utterly miserable.What am I doing here with all of these fucking rednecks! Jesus!"Um, gentlemen, uh, start your engines," he said in a dull, I'm-above-this voice. He jumped when 40 thoroughbreds came to life on pit road behind him. "Holy crap!"
The cars slowly rolled off of pit road and into turn one for the first of three warm up laps. As the hosts went through the starting grid of drivers, they wondered how many of them Danica had been with while she wondered how many of them she would wind up being with.
As the cars rolled out of turn 2 onto the backstretch on their second warm up lap, Larry piped up.
"So Danica, you know, the attendance for the Nationwide races is way up ever since your win in The Duels at Daytona. A lot of these fans have been rooting for you to win. And, let's be honest, I'm sure a lot of them wanna see a repeat of that celebration you did on the front stretch after that."
DW chuckled. "Yeah boy! That was some celebration, I'll tell you what!"
Danica giggled. "Yeah, well, like I said then, Carl has his back flip, Helio climbs the fence, and I've got these bad boys." The guys watched her cup her breasts while DW continued to poke her backside to his first knuckle. "Hey, I paid a lot of money for these babies!"
Mike nodded. "Kudos to the surgeon!"
"Yeah, he did a great job. I'm pretty happy with them."
"As are we!" Mike exclaimed, causing everyone in the booth to laugh.
Larry continued. "So, my point is, Danica, you haven't won in a few races, so why don't you give these fans right here in the stands in front of the booth what they've been comin' to see?"
"You mean flash them? Now?"
"Sure! Why not?!"
"Well, um, okay, I guess."
Larry waved at the men behind him. "Fellas, bring that step stool over here."
They placed the stool between the control panel and Danica. "Well, okay."
As the cars rolled into turn 3, Danica climbed onto the stool and leaned over the control panel. One of the exterior cameras swung around towards the booth. Danica banged on the glass with a wide smile and waved to the crowd below. In a matter of seconds, the crowd below the booth realized Danica was above them waving down at them. They turned and waved and screamed back at her. The crowd, as well as the audience at home, watched her unbutton her blouse in disbelief. Each button brought a louder cheer.
Just as she reached the last button, the camera switched to the camera in the booth. It was a silhouette a four figures standing at the window. Suddenly, Danica pulled her blouse open wide. From the camera angle, it looked like she was opening a cape. At first glance, to the home audience it looked like Darrell was holding Danica steady on the stool. There no doubt were those at home squinting at the screen asking themselves, His Darrell's hand up her skirt? There was no way for them to know he has his finger buried in her ass knuckle deep.
The crowd in the stands lost their minds. The cheer was deafening to the point it drowned out the loud, 700-horsepowered vehicles as the passed by.
"Boy, Danica, you and your sweater puppies sure are fan favorites!" Larry chuckled as Danica climbed down from her stool.
"I can certainly see why!" Mike chirped.
"Yeah, well, you know, it's all about the fans, Larry," she said as she pulled her blouse closed and started to button it back up.
Darrell covered his mic, grabbed her wrist, and leaned down to her. "Don't bother. You're just wastin' your time."
She looked into his face. It was covered with a wicked, crooked smile. "Um, okay," she said with hesitation.
As the cars entered turn 3, Mike Joy brought the field to the green flag.
"Mark Martin in that blue and white number 55 brings the field into turn 4 and we're about to cut them loose for the first of 400 laps in the Capital City 400 presented by Virginia Is For Lovers race, the seventh race on the NASCAR circuit. Here they come into the trioval...and the green flag is out!"
"Boogity boogity boogity! Let's go racin', boys!" Darrell shouted over the din of the engines as they roared past.
Within five laps, the men had their suit jackets off and ties loosened. DW gently grabbed the shoulders of Danica's unbuttoned blouse and pulled back. "Let me help you with that, my dear," he said with a wide smile.
"Oh! Um, yeah, sure, okay. Um, thanks, uh, DW." Her shirt was quickly hung with the guys' jackets.
There she stood, doing color commentary, naked from the waist up, for the first 45 laps of the race. Lap 46 brought the caution.
Mike Joy made the call. "Folks, let's take a quick commercial break. We'll be right back for the Capital City 400 presented by Virginia Is For Lovers!" The mics went dead. He looked at the trio beside him. "Who the fuck came up with that name?!"
Darrell stepped behind Danica and grabbed the short zipper of her tiny skirt. "You won't be needing these." ZIP!
Danica looked over her shoulder. "Oh! Hey! What the..." The skirt fell down around her ankles. Darrell pulled it out from under her stilettos and tossed it into the corner. SMACK! "Oh!" Danica yelped when DW left a red handprint on her cheek.
"Lookee there! No panties! I knew it! Hot damn!" He massaged her backside. "Yep, that's one fine lookin' ass right there, boys."
"Very nice," Mike crooned.
Darrell pushed on her shoulders. "Now, if you wouldn't mind assumin' the position, I think it's time to take this ol' girl for a drive and see how she rides."
"Um, okay," Danica said as she did as asked. Her hands were planted on the control panel and parted her legs. Her puffy pink lips were clearly visible and her heart-shaped ass was for DW's taking.
DW smiled. "Alrighty then." He stepped in behind her and touched the hole he'd been warming up all morning.
"Wait! Hold up! You're...you're going straight to my ass?!" Danica squawked in a mild panic. She just assumed he was going to take advantage of her dripping slit.
Taken slightly aback, Darrell replied, "Well, yeah. I mean, didn't you notice my finger up there warmin' you up all mornin'?"
"Of course I did! I just assumed you were being a horny old fuck!"
Darrell was confused now. "Well...I was."
Danica rolled her eyes. "Well, if we're going to do, you know, that, can you at least, you know, lube me up first?"
Darrell beamed. "You know what? I thought that might come up." He reached around her and under the console in front of them to pull out a tiny white bottle. "I've got just the thing." The two other men laughed.
"Look at you! Always the boy scout, prepared for anything," Joy chuckled.
Danica jumped when Darrell's rough finger touched her with the cool, slick lotion. He slowly swirled it around and give it a generous coating.
"Oh!" she yiped when his finger slipped through without warning.
"There we go! All greased up and ready to roll!" Once again, Darrell stepped between her parted legs and held himself steady.
Danica bit her bottom lip when she felt pressure on her partially puckered hole. She squeaked when the purple tip slipped through.
"Fuuuuuuuck me!" she groaned during the glide past her sphincter.
"Hot damn, that's one tight corner!" DW exclaimed when her landed against her.
"Oh my fucking God," she moaned as he drew back. "Fuuuuuuuuck," she lamented as he slid forward again.
DW gripped her hips and began to pick up speed. He looked at his two partners. "You know who got me hooked on anal? Brooke, Gordon's ex-wife," he said nonchalantly while he plowed Danica.
"Oh yeah!" Larry blurted out. "When she was Miss Winston Cup! Oh yeah, she was one hot piece of tail!"
Mike's eyebrows furrowed. "Wait a minute. You both did Brooke?" Both men nodded.
"Oh yeah! More than once! She had a sweet li'l ass, didn't she DW?"
"Yeah she did!"
"I only got a couple of blowjobs from her," Mike said dejectedly.
"Yeah, well, you're not legends of the sport like we are," Larry smiled.
"Hey! I'm in the broadcasters hall of fame!"
Larry and DW looked at each other.
"Broadcasters hall of fame!" Larry shouted and the two legends broke out in a roar.
"Fuckers," Mike muttered.
"I think she did every driver in the garage tryin' to hook one," Darrell said while he pumped his hips.
Larry nodded. "Until she landed Gordon. Dumbass!" Again, the two men roared with laughter.
"Holy shit," Danica sighed while her body rocked to and fro.
"Just like this little filly will, I'll bet," Darrell said just before she smacked her ass again.
"Gah!" she barked.
"30 seconds!" came the voice in their ears.
An evil grin crossed Larry's face. "Here, let me help you out with that," he said as he leaned into Danica. He reached under her and slapped her buzzing slit four times with his open palm.
POP! POP! POP! POP!
Her head snapped backwards. "Holy fuck!" Darrell reached around and pawed at one of her globes while Larry rubbed and flicked at her angry kernel. "Grrrrrrrr fuck!" she growled.
"We go live in 10 seconds!"
Danica glared at Larry and DW. "Come on, you old fucks! Is this the best you've got?!" she hissed. The two men looked at each other with slacks jaws that quickly turned to crooked grins. "Gah!" she cried out when Darrell pulled back and slammed forward and Larry pressed down on her button. The sound of skin slapping skin filled the booth.
"We're going live! Keep it together, Danica! Five...four...three...two..."
"Welcome back to Richmond International Speedway!" Mike crowed in his silky smooth voice. "We've got a real barn burner brewing here, don't we, Larry?"
"That's right, Mike! Things are really starting to heat up!"
"Darrell, what do you think about today's race so far?"
"Oh, I think it's been one heck of a race so far, Mike!"
"How about you, Danica? What are your thoughts on the race so far?" Mike asked with a grin.
"We're live! We're live!" came the worried voice in the headsets.
"I...I...mmmmmm...I hope...the fans...are enjoying this...as much as I am!"
Mike carried most of the broadcast for the next few minutes while DW and Larry worked Danica over.
Mike grinned again. "That number 2 car looks like it's starting to get tight. What do you think, Larry?"
"I'd say she's getting' real tight!"
DW nodded. "She's the tightest I've seen in a long time!"
"Danica, what do you see with the 2 car's handling?"
"We're live, Danica! We're live! Keep it together!"
That was like telling a child not to laugh in church. It only made it worse. She felt twin turbos racing up her silky smooth thighs.
"I...I'd say...mmmmm...I'd say he's...he's working hard and...and giving it...his all! Mmmmhmmm! Mmmmhmmmm!"
Mike fought back a laugh. "That's an astute observation, Danica!"
"That's right! He's goin' like gangbusters!" Larry chimed in.
"Mmmmmhmmmm! Mmmmmhmmmm!" Danica groaned through a clenched jaw.
"Quick! Shut off her mic!" the producer yelled.
Danica pushed back into Darrell's thrusts while Larry slapped at her vibrating nugget.
"Ohmygawd! Ohmygawd! Yes! Yes! Mmmmmhmmm, yes!" SMACK! The twin turbos raced through her tunnel an exploded. "Oh fuck! Aaaaaiiiiiyyyyeeeee!" A warehouse full of fireworks exploded inside her tiny body. Every nerve ending felt like it was on fire. She visibly trembled while DW tried to pump her tightened ass.
"Oh my! She just got real tight!" Darrell announced. "I think he...he's gonna have to come...come into the pits!"
"Goddammit! Shut off his mic, too!"
He dug his fingers into her hips while she was still trembling. "Oh good golly Miss Molly! This engine's about to blow! Comin'! Comin'! Hot damn!"
Danica felt his old, stale spunk squirt into her. Every stuttered thrust of his hips shot another round into her. She thought his fingers were going to leave imprints in her bones.
Darrell finally backed away and released his grip. His old, worn piston was already starting to wilt.
"Hot damn!" he panted. "You got a real future there, girl, if this whole drivin' thing doesn't work out." SMACK! BARK!
"Goddamn, that was impressive, old man," Danica breathed.
Larry turned to the camera behind him, pointed to his headset, and made a slashing move across his throat.
The producer in the truck knew exactly what he wanted. "Fuck. Turn DW back on and kill Larry's mic."
Once Larry heard deadness in his ear, he turned towards a still bent over Danica. "Now it's time for me to take this bitch for a spin." He grabbed one of her wrists, then the other, and pulled them behind her. With the speed of a great pit crew, before she knew it he had bound her hands behind her back with his tie. He pulled the headset off her head and turned her to face Mike. "Bend the fuck over, bitch." He grabbed the back of her head and forced her into Mike Joy's groin.
"Oh! Hey! Gggggffffkkkk!" she gagged when Joy parted her lips with his rod.
"Oh yeah! That's nice!" Mike declared before he realized his mic was hot and there was still a race going on. "(ahem) I mean, that was a nice move by Hamlin to get around Busch!"
Darrell's mic was hot once again. He watched Larry move between Danica's spread legs, stiff tool in hand. "That's right, Mike! And I think we're about to see another nice move right here!"
A muted sigh escaped Danica's lips when Larry slid himself the length of her gash. "Damn, Danica, you're soaked! You're wetter than an otters pocket!"
"Mmmmhmmm! Mmmmhmmmm!" Larry threw his hips forward and stopped when his balls wouldn't allow him to bury himself any further. "Mmmmmmfffffgggggkkkkk!" she barked.
The force of Larry's thrust forced Mike's veiny mic down her throat. "Oh!! Wow! Holy smokes!" Joy croaked when his nut sack bounced off her chin.
DW fought back a laugh and saved his friend. "Yeah, I saw that, too, Mike! That was one heck of a move in the back of the pack!"
"Um, (ahem), yes, yes it was! Wow!"
Instead of using her hips as leverage, Larry pulled back on her bound wrists. "Oh yeah! That's one tight little cunt you've got there, bitch! You're tighter than a gnat's ass!" he howled as he plowed her like a tight race car through a sharp corner.
"Mmmmhmmmm! Mmmmmhmmmm!"
Mike and Darrell continued to call the race as best as they could while Larry jackhammered Danica's slit. Each drive shoved Danica into Mike's stomach and forced him further down her throat. She felt like Mike and Larry might meet in the middle.
SMACK! YIPE!
"You're nothin' but a cunt whore," Larry growled. "Only reason you came to NASCAR was so a bunch of redneck boys with big cocks would fuck your sloppy holes, isn't it?"
"Mmmmmmhmmmm! Mmmmmhmmmmffffkkkkk!" She jumped when he reached around and flicked at her vibrating knot.
"Look at you! About to cum again, aren't you bitch?!"
It was true. Lightning bolts were scorching the insides of her thighs. "Mmmmmmmm! Mmmmmhmmmm!"
"Let's see if we can't help you with that." He slapped and pinched her angry bean.
"MMMMMMM! MMMMMMM!" she squealed.
"That's right! Come on, you bitch!" Larry pressed on her button. Hard.
Her body stiffened and she lifted onto the balls of her feet. A stampede of thunder and lightning rolled through her tiny body like an Oklahoma thunderstorm.
"MMMMMMM! MMMMMMMM! MMMMMMFFFFFFFKKKKKK!" she shrieked.
Mike covered his mic and looked at Larry. "Jesus Christ! She's going to suck the skin off of me!" he loudly whispered.
Sweat was rolling off of Larry's face onto her reddened ass. "I hear ya! She's gonna snap me off inside of her!" he said as she spasmed.
Mike called an audible. "Oh...Oh...okay, um, folks! We're...we're going to take a quick, mmmmm, commercial break. We'll be back in time...grrrrrrr...in time for pit stops!"
The producer in the truck was frantic. "What?! Go to commercial! Go to commercial!"
Larry pulled her back by her bound wrists. Mike fell out of her mouth with a "pop".
"Come on, bitch, get on your knees!" Larry demanded
Danica looked up at the two men in front of her who were stroking themselves like madmen.
"Come on, you bastards! Give it to me! I want it! I want it all! (cough)(gag)"
She coughed and gagged when Mike shot a stream into her open mouth and straight down her gullet. Larry's first blast crashed into her cheek and splashed across the side of her face. They continued to spurt milky white streams at her lithe body until the better part of her upper torso was splattered in white.
"Nice job, buddy!" Larry said with a smile on his face to Mike as they high-fived.
"Hey! That might be our best one yet!" Mike observed.
Danica looked down at her stained body. She watched the spunk drip off her erect nipples onto her tan thighs.
"Wow! You guys really did a number on me!"
An evil glint filled Larry's eyes. "We've only begun."
Danica's eyebrows raised. "Huh?"
Larry dragged her the short distance to the middle of the booth and nodded at Dave, Randy, and Eric, the teams' statistician, spotter, and camera operator.
"How 'bout you boys? You want a piece of this tight little ass?" he asked.
"Hell yeah we do!" Dave replied.
Danica watched the three men approach, unzipping as they went, allowing three stiff rods to expose themselves. "Wait...what?"
"As long as you're in this booth, we own you, got it?" Larry hissed. "You've been bought and paid for."
"I, uh, well," she stuttered. "Can you...can you at least untie me?"
"No," he growled.
Dave was laying on the ground next to her. The other two helped her up enough to straddle him. He felt her heat rush across his tip. They both sighed when he parted her still twitching flesh while she sexily bit her lower lip.
"Ohhhhhh myyyyy fuckinggggg God!" Dave moaned as she slid down his post until she landed in his lap.
"Ohmygawd," she panted then looked down at him. "You feel amazing," she purred.
"You...you...you're so tight! Even...even after Larry, you know, did you! You're so fucking tight!"
"That's because you're so fucking big," she whirred. "Oh!" she yiped as a pair of hands shoved her shoulders until her cum-covered torso was pressed into Dave's. She felt pressure then her head snapped back. "OH!" she screeched when Randy pierced her back door then turned her head. "A little warning would have been nice."
"Sorry. You're already gaped back here, so..."
Eric grabbed a handful of hair and pulled her head up. "One more hole to fill."
"Gaaaafffkkkkkk!" she gurgled when he stuffed her throat full of meat.
"Holy fuck!" Eric croaked. "I've never had a woman do that! Fuck! That's amazing!"
In no time, the three men were using Danica as their own personal fuck doll.
"15 seconds!" came the voice in their ears.
"That's one fine piece of tail, gentlemen," Mike stated.
Larry agreed. "Damn right she is!"
"We might have to have her up here more often!" DW suggested.
"Five seconds! Three...two..."
"Welcome back, folks! Larry, we should be having pit stops shortly, shouldn't we?"
"That's right, Mike!" Larry looked at the other two. "I think two or three have already completed theirs!" The other two men smiled and choked back laughs.
"Yeah, well, this is only first of several pit stops, boys," Darrell added. He turned back to Danica. "Man, look at 'er go!" He'd forgotten they were live for just a second. "Oh! I mean, uh, look at the 69 car go!"
Mike nodded and smiled. "Yep, they seem to have a really good rhythm going!"
Down in the truck, the techs were watching the action in the booth through the camera feed.
"What the fuck?" one asked.
"Do you think she'll come down here when, you know, she's done up there?"
The producer shook his head. "I wouldn't count on it."
Five minutes later, everyone in the truck watched Eric blow his load all over Danica's face and back away.
"Fuck this!" one tech said as he stood up from his post and turned to the door.
"Hey! Where do you think you're going?!" The producer asked.
"Fuck it! If she's not comin' down here, I'm goin' up there!"
The producer paused. "Goddammit," he muttered.
"Me, too!"
"Me, too!"
"Alright, just hold on one goddammit minute!" the producer boomed. "Fine! You wanna fuck that cunt? Fine. But only two at a time. We've still got a show to do!"
Two men raced out the door and up to the booth.
For the next two and a half hours, members of the TV crew took their turns with her. Mike, Darrell, and Larry even took her for another spin. Camera operators from around the track visited the booth. Even the producer paid a visit.
"Here they come, out of turn four into Richmond International Speedway's trioval!" Mike broadcast with excitement. "It's going to be close!"
"It's gonna be close!" Larry noted.
Darrell leaned out over the control console. "I think Junior's gonna get him! I think he's gonna get him!"
Mike took over. "Here they come! They touch! Oh my! Oh! Hamlin wins by a fender!"
Behind them, Danica and the two men she was servicing were also crossing the finish line.
"Oh fuck! I'm cumming! I'm cumming! Oh fuck, I'm cumming again!" Danica howled.
"Me, too! Me, too! Christ!" cried Barry who was balls deep in her ass.
"Yes! Yes! Mother Mary and Joseph fuck!" Bill, who was underneath her, prayed.
The trio's howls couldn't be separated as the noise ricocheted off the walls.
"Wow! What a finish!" Larry exclaimed while his head twisted from the fish of the race to the finish on the floor.
"Great finish! Great finish!" DW shouted.
Mike, DW, and Larry discussed the finish of the race and while Hamlin did his burn outs on the front stretch, Danica laid on the floor in a cum-induced stupor. Her body was completely glazed. White streaked from every orifice.
Mike threw it down to the track. "Let's go down to Steve Byrnes, who's in victory lane with our winner. Steve?" while Darrell and Larry stepped over to Danica's prone body.
Each man grabbed her under the arm. "Come on, let's get you up," Larry said as they pulled her onto her wobbly legs.
"Dang! They made a real mess o' you!" DW chuckled.
Danica looked down. She couldn't tell where her body started and the cum stopped. "Oh my God," she panted. "That was incredible."
Larry smiled. "It was somethin' to watch, too!"
The men brought her back to where they had started the show several hours ago and put her headset back on.
"One minute!" came the call through the headsets.
Danica was beginning to come out of her sex-fueled haze. "One minute? One minute until what?"
"45 seconds until we come back to the booth for a final wrap up!" the producer said. "Put a shirt on, for Christ's sake!"
Danica's eyebrows nearly flew off her head. "Wait...what?! Fuck!" she grabbed her shirt off the hook where DW had hung it several hours ago. DW and Larry tried to help her put it on. It was a struggle. The silky material kept sticking to the cum covering her body. "Fuck!" she barked as she tried to slip her arms through the blouse.
"15 seconds!"
"Fuck!" she quickly buttoned the blouse and ran her fingers through her hair.
"Five...four...three...two..."
"What a great finish to a great race!" Mike bellowed into the camera. "Didn't you think it was a great finish, Danica?"
Her hair looked like it'd been in a blender. Her mascara was streaked while a small strand of cum hung from her chin. She missed a button on so the cleavage was askew. The blouse clung to her body as if it was painted on, leaving little to the imagination.
"Um, yeah, definitely. Definitely a great finish."
"So, what'd you think about watchin' a race from upstairs, Danica?" DW asked with a crooked smile.
"Um, well, it was definitely different than I had expected. Very, um, exhilarating I'd say. I'm exhausted!" she chuckled.
The home viewers were asking themselves,Exhausted from what?! You didn't do anything!
"I'll bet you are," Larry laughed.
"There's a lot more that goes into it than I expected."
Mike nodded. "Well, you handled it well! Every bit of it!"
"I'd, uh, I'd like to do it again if you guys will have me. I'll try to do better next time."
"I think you did great today!" Larry pronounced.
DW nodded. "Definitely grade A! I'd say your performance today was tight! Really tight!"
Larry agreed. "Absolutely! One of the tightest we've ever had...er, I mean, seen!"
"So there you have it. You were great," Mike said sincerely. "It was a real pleasure having you in the booth today."
Danica looked into the camera. A mischievous look crossed her face. "Trust me, it was my pleasure, guys."