This is a story of Dominance and submission, BDSM, and cuckoldry. It is a work of fiction, although what inspired me was an actual event, an email that I received in response to a story I published in Loving Wives titled 'The Big-Dicked Stranger'. I have changed all names and locations to protect everyone's identities. To the sender of that feedback email, thank you for the inspiration, and if you've found this story, I hope you enjoy it. The following fictional account describes what could have occurred from my perspective. This is a revised version of the original story, slightly modified to correct some grammar and spelling, and to add a few amplifying and clarifying paragraphs.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Big-Dicked Strangerwas the first Hotwife story that I published. I published it in the Loving Wives category, which, I later learned, has become focused on anything but the description of the category. It received a lot of unfavorable comments from haters; in fact, there were so many that I turned comments off, and disabled anonymous feedback. The incels prefer to hide behind their online anonymity After publishing, it was immediately one-bombed, but ultimately the haters lost interest. Fortunately, the fans of the genre have kept giving it good ratings; as I'm writing it has climbed to a respectable 4.24/715 rating. I received some positive feedback via email, mainly from other authors offering suggestions. I hadn't received any emails regarding the story for about six months, then a new message arrived. The feedback I received was unlike any I've received before—this user was asking for help!
"Dear Lumiere,"the email began. I was a bit taken aback by the proper salutation because, usually, the feedback just gets right to the point: "You suck! Stop writing this trash! Stop mucking up the Loving Wives category!" (The last one apparently from the self-proclaimed arbiter of what is right for the category). This email was different."Your story is super hot. Is it true? I would love for my wife to experience this. She is interested but not yet willing. It's been fun so far. How did you convince your wife to become a Hotwife?"
After writing just one Hotwife story, a fan asked me how to make a Hotwife. Feelings of inadequacy flooded my mind. I thought about simply deleting the email. However, I felt compelled to respond because another fan of erotica was asking for advice. After all, we are kind of like a perverse family, so it didn't feel right to ignore him.
After putting my laptop aside and pouring myself a glass of Woodford Reserve Double Oaked Bourbon, I stepped outdoors and sat on the patio to think. What advice would I give a spouse who longs for his wife to have sex with other men? The Big-Dicked Stranger was not a Hotwife creation story; it was about a later encounter. As I sipped the bourbon and watched the sunset, I remembered the first time I'd watched my wife with another man, my college roommate. That first time didn't technically make her a Hotwifesince we were only engaged, but it started a series of encounters that continued for years after our wedding day, and eventually led us to join a sex club. Remembering that day and subsequent moments when I chose a man to share her with, and ultimately the creation of our Dom/sub relationship, my cock began to stir. I went back inside and opened my laptop to compose a response.
"Dear John,"I typed,"I'm not sure that I'm the best qualified to answer your question, however, I will attempt to assist you. I have many questions before I can respond adequately. How long have you been married? How long have you been trying to get her to take the step of becoming a hotwife? Do you have another man in mind, or is it your plan to use a total stranger? Do you want to watch? Participate? Tell me a bit about your wife. Do other men find her attractive? Is she flirtatious? What is her manner of dress — sexy, frumpy, professional? Does she work outside the home? For that matter, tell me about yourself as well. Why do you want her to become a hotwife?"I signed the email,"Regards, Lumiere,"and clicked send, then put my laptop aside for the night.
The following morning I had a reply from John and it included two attachments, photos of him and his wife.
"Dear Lumiere,"it began,"We are in our early forties. Mary is a medical transcriptionist who works from home, and I am an engineer for the local power company. We have been married for ten years, both having had past marriages that failed. We enjoy experiencing life to the fullest, and most weekends you can find us hanging out with friends at a neighborhood pub or exploring the outdoors. Being a professional herself, my wife is outgoing, but not in a flirting way. She dresses modestly. When she's working at home, she wears casual clothing, such as jeans or shorts and a T-shirt. She will put on slacks and a nice blouse if she needs to visit one of the medical experts she assists. On one of those days, she was photographed at a physician's office."
I enlarged the image of his wife after opening it. She was undeniably lovely, with shiny brown hair that cascaded over her shoulders and caressed her breasts, blue eyes that seemed to glow, and a brilliant smile. She appeared to be standing close to a door frame, which helped me gauge her height as being around five-foot-six. She has lovely, shapely breasts and is probably a C-cup. She has a small waist and pleasantly flared hips. Except for the button at the neck, her white shirt was entirely buttoned, yet it had a tiny pucker where the placket met between her breasts. She wore black pleated slacks and what appeared to be sling-back pumps in black as well. She appeared quite professional.
I likewise examined the photograph of John. He was a handsome man, with brown hair speckled with gray. The photograph was taken at a fitness center, and he's standing near a piece of equipment that I recognize. With the equipment as a reference, I estimate he stands five-foot-ten. He is shirtless, and his stomach is flat but does not show his abs. He is laughing at whoever took the photograph, and his teeth are straight and white. It's obvious that he cares about his appearance.
"As you may surmise from the photograph, other men do find her attractive, but she does nothing to encourage them and never dresses provocatively. I first mentioned becoming a hotwife to her about three years ago, after my employer's Christmas party. One of the managers had a little too much to drink that evening and was flirting madly with her. She did her best to discourage him, and ultimately the alcohol got the best of him, and he passed out. I asked her if she enjoyed the attention, and she hesitated but ultimately told me it was nice. Since then, I have brought up the topic, and she says that I read too much erotica. We are to the point that I sometimes pretend to be another man when we have sex by talking dirty, she seems to enjoy that. I do not have a specific man in mind to help her become a hotwife, though the supervisor who flirted with her could have a positive impact on my career if she were to satisfy him. I do not want to watch her with another man, but I do want her to tell me all about it when she returns to me. I want her to be free to explore her sexuality and experience things I am unable to give her.
I hope this information helps, and I look forward to hearing from you again with your ideas. Regards, John"
I pondered the email for a bit, then opened the photo of Mary again. The more I gazed at the image, the more I felt attracted to her. I wondered if she was a buttoned-up professional who just needed the right situation to release her inner freak. The beginnings of a plan were forming in my mind. It sounded as though John felt inadequate in the bedroom. I crafted a response to John.
"John, Thank you for the information. You need to be clear on two things: first, only she can decide to become a hotwife. Her choice is final and cannot be contested in any way. You're asking her to allow another person to put a portion of their body into her own body; she must consent or, better yet, long for it; and second, do not try using alcohol to advance the situation, as you may destroy her trust in you. I also recommend that you not use your wife's body to advance your career, though from what I've read, some men do. To me, it seems too much like prostituting your wife.
I think I might be able to help you. I encourage you to continue the role-play, but not just during sex. When you kiss her, tell her that you'd like to see her kiss another man, occasionally point out other men, and ask if she'd like it if they kissed her. When you touch her, ask her if she'd like to be touched by another man. When you enter her, ask her if she wishes she could try a different cock. Do not become overbearing with this; do not do it every time. Get creative with it.
Tell me about your marriage. Is it strong? Do you communicate well? Tell me about the sex, specifically what needs are not being met. Lumiere"
That night, I checked my email, and I received a response from John.
"Thank you, Lumiere. We do have a strong marriage. We talk often about our relationship and how we can improve it. Since we've both had failed marriages, we try our best to be mindful of each other's needs. She is my dream girl, and her love for me is beyond measure. Our sex life is good; we do it a couple of times a week, and we both enjoy it. My penis is average, but that's okay since she is tight. We sometimes engage in oral sex, and I enjoy her taste. I'm one of those men who eat pussy for their own pleasure. She sometimes allows me to finish in her mouth, but usually for her, oral sex is just a prelude to intercourse. As for unmet needs, I would like more oral sex, but what man wouldn't? She wants something that I am uncomfortable with; she wants to be dominated. Not that she wants to be tied up; she just wants me to take charge, order her around, and call her things like slut and whore. John"
The information about failed marriages was a red flag to me. If either of their marriages had ended due to infidelity, then that trauma could doom his hotwife fantasy. I fired back a quick email to him, asking how their first marriages ended. He was still online and responded quickly with the information. Her marriage had failed because her husband lost his job, and with her now being the breadwinner, he became overbearing and controlling, not in the way she wanted. His marriage ended because his wife had a sense of entitlement and was spending him into bankruptcy.
With this information, I felt comfortable taking the next step.
"John, Do as I suggested and see how she responds. In the meantime, would you permit me to correspond with Mary? I have experience with dominance and might be able to help move things along. I need a private way to contact her, not to hide our correspondence but to make her comfortable having conversations with me. She is always free to share with you if she so desires. Tell her you've found a man who would like to try and satisfy her need to be dominated. We will not meet; this will be strictly through our communication channel. I would prefer to have her telephone number so that we can both talk and text. Lumiere"
I didn't hear from John for a couple of days and was beginning to wonder if I had scared him off. On the third day of silence, a Sunday, I found an email from him waiting for me when I logged in.
"Lumiere, She is nervous about corresponding with you, but I have convinced her to give it a try. John"The number he gave me was in the 317 area code.
I quickly replied.
"John, Tell her I will call her at 11:00 a.m. tomorrow. And tell her that if she lets it go to voicemail, there will be consequences. Lumiere"
When I saw the telephone number, my heart skipped a beat. It's an Indiana number! Specifically, the greater Indianapolis area, which is at most a two-hour drive from me, if that's where they live. I could potentially use my knowledge of the city in my interactions with them. With the portability of cell phone numbers, they could be anywhere.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Monday at 11:00 a.m. I dialed her number, and she answered after the third ring. I planned to find out how easily she takes to being submissive.
"Hello?" Her voice was soft and very feminine. The kind of voice you want to hear moaning, "Yes, baby," in your ear as you're about to pound her into the mattress.
"Good morning, Mary. This is Lumiere. How are you this morning?"
"Honestly? I'm a bit nervous, but otherwise, I'm fine. Thank you for asking."
"Always be honest with me, Mary. Otherwise, this will not work. I have to trust you. I promise to always be honest with you. Can you promise the same?"
"Yes."
"The proper response is 'Yes, Sir. I promise.' Say it."
There was a pause, then she responded, "Yes, Sir. I promise."
"Good girl. I understand your nervousness; I am a bit nervous myself. I'm always nervous with a new submissive until we get to know each other better. That's what today is about, getting to know each other. Do you have time to talk?"
"Yes."
"Yes, what?"
"Yes, Sir?"
"Good girl. Lumiere is not my real name; if we develop a relationship, I may share my real name with you and John. For now, just call me Sir. You are free to share any details of our interactions with John; I will never ask you to hide information from him. Whether you share with him and what you share is up to you; it is not my intention to come between you and your husband. Is that clear, Mary?"
"Yes, Sir."
"Very well, let me tell you a little about myself. I'm sixty-two, and a widower; my wife passed away five years ago after a struggle with breast cancer. I'm six-foot tall with silver hair, a beard and mustache, and blue eyes. My wife called me 'her silver fox.' I take care of myself by going to the fitness center a couple of times a week. After my wife passed I decided that life was too short and I retired from my job as an engineer for a defense contractor. Now, I spend my time traveling, gardening, reading, and enjoying beautiful women like you."
"How do you—."
"How do I know that you're beautiful?" I interrupted, "Didn't John tell you he shared a photo of you?"
"No, he didn't tell me that."
"No, Sir," I gently corrected her.
"Sorry. No, Sir."
"It seems that I have you at a disadvantage, would you like to have a photo of me?"
"Yes, Sir."
"All right, hold on and I'll text you a photo."
I went through the photo library on my phone and found a photo from a Christmas party I had attended. I was wearing white pants and a gray and white marled cotton sweater. I looked quite dashing if I do say so myself. I sent the photo and moments later I heard her phone ding, then heard a slight gasp.
"What do you think?" I asked her.
"You're—quite handsome, Sir."
"Thank you, Mary."
"What photo did my husband share, Sir?"
"The one where you're wearing the white blouse and black slacks. You look quite professional. And thank you for addressing me properly, you're a good girl." She was taking quickly to addressing me as Sir.
"Thank you, Sir. I don't like that picture much. May I ask another question?"
"Of course, how else will we come to know each other?"
"What do you mean when you say that you spend your time enjoying beautiful women?"
"I spend time with them, take them places, buy them things, and have sex with them. Glorious, energetic sometimes frantic, sex. I fulfill their secret wishes. I have a dominant personality, so sometimes I spank them if that's what they desire. Sometimes I do more...intense domination, but that's not my preference. I suppose some might call me a sugar daddy, but I'm a very demanding lover; I extract my money's worth from their bodies. I would be considered closer to a Soft Dom than your classical Hard Dom, though I'm fully capable of giving a woman that experience. Tell me about yourself, Mary."
"Um, I'm forty-two, I'm a medical transcriptionist and I work from home. I enjoy cooking; people love my fried chicken. I walk several mornings a week with a group of friends. I have a daughter from my first marriage, she recently graduated college and moved to Arizona for work. John and I have been married for twelve years but we have no children together."
"Tell me something that people don't know about you, maybe a secret that even John doesn't know."
There was a long pause, and when she finally spoke, her voice crackled.
"I've always wanted to be dominated by an older man, Sir."
"I see. You should thank your husband for finding me. Tell me, Mary, how is sex with John, does he satisfy you?"
"It's fine, Sir."
"Just fine? Is he unable to fulfill your secret desire?"
"No, sir, he does not. He's a...considerate lover."
"So, you'd like to be dominated in the bedroom. Perhaps spanked, or maybe degraded, called a slut and a whore. Would you like to be tied up and used, Mary? Taken by a rough man and made into his fuck toy?"
"Oh!" She gasped then was silent for a bit.
"Mary, are you still with me?"
"Yes, Sir. I'm here."
"Did I describe your secret desire?"
"Yes, Sir," she responded timidly. 'With the right man, I long to experience all of that...Sir."
"Well then, perhaps I can help you find someone to help you."
"Oh! No, my hus—."
"Your husband would love it. Isn't that his secret desire? Doesn't he want you to have sex with other men?"
"Did he tell you that? Oh, god."
"Yes, he did. Didn't he tell you how he found me?"
"No."
"No, what?"
"No, Sir, he didn't tell me."
"Well, he found me on a site where people write and share erotic stories. The kind of stories where people do all kinds of naughty things, even having sex with someone who's not their spouse."
I heard a slight gasp.
"He wrote to me about one of my stories. The one about a man watching his wife having sex with a stranger."
"Oh, my!"
"Our time is nearly up, Mary, but before I go I need you to do something for me; I need you to be a slut for me. Stand up and remove your clothes."
"Remove my clothes?"
"Don't question me, or we will not get along. Remove your clothes, now. Put me on speaker because you're going to need your hands."
I heard her lay the phone down then heard a zipper and the rustle of clothing.
"I'm undressed, Sir."
"What a good little slut you are! Now touch yourself between your legs and tell me if you're wet."
"I'm wet, Sir. Very wet."
"Good, now sit down, spread your legs, and touch yourself. I want to hear you cum for me."
"Oh, god!" she gasped.
"Do it, Mary. Do it or I'll end our call and you'll never hear from me again."
"Yes, Sir," she responded. Her voice was a breathless crackle once again; the sound was quite endearing.
In a matter of moments, I heard her begin to moan.
"That's a good girl, I want to hear you moan. I want you to call out my name when you cum."
I heard her whimper and her moaning increased. Moments later she reached a crescendo.
"Oh, god, Lumiere! I'm cumming, I'm cumming for you, Sir!" she called. "Yes, yes, yes!"
I gave her a few moments to regain her composure then asked if she had a good cum.
"Yes, Sir, a very good cum."
"You've been a very good girl today, Mary. I'm going to end our call now, but before I do, I'm giving you three assignments. First, go into the bathroom and send me a mirror selfie showing your naked body from the waist up, only from the waist up. If you send me the photo in the next five minutes, I'll do the same for you. Second, decide what you'd like me to call you; what will be your submissive name, the name that I claim you by, that signifies you as my property? It should be something that makes you feel cherished. Third, ask your husband to show you the website where he found me, then read at least one of my stories. I've enjoyed our talk today, Mary. I'll call you at the same time on Wednesday, just don't let it go to voicemail."
I ended the call. As I sat at my kitchen island, replaying the call in my mind, I found that my heart was racing and I was breathing hard. Less than a minute later, my phone dinged. Mary was apparently anxious to satisfy my request. I opened the photo, and oh, what fine breasts she has. Generous and round, with large areolae. Her nipples are quite pronounced, standing proudly at maybe half an inch long. Her face and chest appeared flushed in the photo. True to my word, I removed my shirt and took a selfie in the bathroom mirror. I sent the photo to her with the comment, "You are a very desirable woman. I hope you find me equally desirable."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Late the next morning I received an email from John. I read it and laughed out loud.
"My god, Lumiere! What did you do? Mary attacked me when I arrived home from work yesterday; we spent the entire evening in bed. I lost track of her orgasms, but she drained me three times! That's more than I've ever cum in such a short time! I was nearly late for work because of my exhaustion!"
I sent back a short message.
"You're welcome! I won't betray her confidence so you should ask her about our conversation if you want details. I will be calling her again on Wednesday; perhaps you should prepare yourself. On a related topic, what can you tell me about her parents?"
I mostly wanted to know about her father since she wanted to be dominated by an older man. I wondered what kind of man he was. Later that evening he replied.
"Lumiere, I don't think I'll ask, I'm confident she'll share with me when she's comfortable. As for her parents, her mother is still living not far from us. She is a lovely, caring woman; the best mother-in-law I could ask for. I never met her father but she talks lovingly of him. He adored Mary and her mother. She said he could be a stern disciplinarian. He passed away in an accident when she was seventeen. She still misses him."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Taking into consideration the conversation with Mary, and how quickly she became submissive to me, even to the point of showing me her breasts; as well as John's description of her reaction to him later that day, I was formulating a plan. I would use my skills as a Dom to gradually move her toward becoming a hotwife. I'd help the two of them become closer in order to set them up for success, and I would give her hotwife beginner challenges. I'd have to closely monitor their progress. I was unsure if this would work, but it was the best I could come up with. The last thing I wanted was to damage their relationship, so monitoring progress would be key.
I called Mary on Wednesday morning at the agreed-to time. I'm not sure it even rang once.
"Good morning, Sir!" she said, her voice full of excitement.
"Good morning! To whom am I speaking?"
"It's Mary, silly!"
"So you failed to complete your first assignment?"
"Oh! Oh, no, Sir! I would like to be called Mimi, Sir."
"That's a unique name for a submissive."
"Yes, Sir. It's the pet name that my father used for me, Sir."
"Interesting, tell me about your father, Mimi."
"Yes, Sir! He passed away when I was seventeen and I miss him terribly. He was a loving father and husband, my hero. I could not have asked for a better father!"
"Was he strict?"
"Yes, he could be, Sir. If I misbehaved he would lay me over his knees and swat my bottom, even as a teenager. But it was always done out of love."
A father who passed during an impressionable time in her life, and believed in corporal punishment. That explained a bit.
"Submission in a relationship does not mean accepting exposure to unwanted verbal abuse, and I believe that selecting a name that makes you feel loved and appreciated is important. I will be pleased to call you Mimi. Will you consent to the occasional use of slut, whore, or similar terms?"
"Yes, Sir. I would like that, both the name and the occasional use of those terms."
"I was happy that you accomplished your first task so promptly. Your breasts are impressive. Your nipples were standing proud, like little soldiers. I take it that you were excited by the events of our last call."
"OH! Yes, Sir! Very excited! I'm afraid I may have scared John. I was so hungry for sex after speaking with you and cumming for you. I felt like such a slut."
"Good, you should always be a slut for your husband, and I am flattered that you are willing to be a slut for me. I find you very attractive, Mimi."
I heard her giggle like a little girl, "Thank you, Sir. I find you very attractive as well."
"I'd also like to see some clamps on those impressive nipples."
"OH! My goodness!"
"I touched myself while looking at your photo, Mimi."
"I did the same," she said softly.
"It seems we have a mutual attraction."
"Yes, Sir. Very much so."
She's fallen easily into a submissive mindset, and I smiled to myself as I imagined her beautiful nipples secured in clamps.
"I'd like to find out just how naughty you are. Did you read one of my stories?"
"Yes, Sir."
"Which one."
"All of them, Sir. I couldn't stop!"
"Did you have a favorite?"
"I thought they were all so good, but the Who's Being Pursued series is my favorite. That mature woman having so much sex, even with college boys!"
"So you like age-gap stories."
"Apparently, Sir."
"Did you touch yourself while you were reading?"
"Yes, Sir. I had several orgasms. Your stories are very—inspirational."
"Are you open to some challenges, Mimi?"
"It depends, Sir."
"Good, you are being honest. I appreciate that. Your challenge is to run an errand wearing no bra. You must interact with a male employee or customer and send me a photo of the two of you. You have two hours to accomplish this."
"Two hours?! But, Sir!"
"Time is wasting, Mimi. Send me the photo before you leave the place and wait for my response."
I ended the call and waited. Sixty minutes later I received a photo of her and a coffee shop employee. She was wearing a loose shirt, but I could make out her nipples pressing against the fabric. The man had a huge smile; apparently, he could make out her nipples as well. I considered that a win for loosening her up.
"Good Girl," I replied. "Now go home and wait for John. Do not change your clothes, and do not touch yourself. Think about what a naughty girl you have been. When he arrives home, meet him at the door. Tell him what you've done and show him the picture, then suck his cock and demand that he cum on your face. I will contact John tomorrow to share your next assignment."
"Yes, Sir!"

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

I poured myself some bourbon and took my laptop outside. Her next challenge was going to be shopping with John, so I began making a list and included some photos of specific items. I wrote a note to John in hopes that he would see it before arriving home.
"John, You will be receiving a blowjob when you get home. You're welcome. Mary was naughty today. She is required to tell you all about her errand. Press her for details and make sure that she shows you the picture. I have a question for you, do you live in the 317 area code? I am familiar with Indianapolis and might use my familiarity in my discussions with the two of you. I will be in touch with you tomorrow. Lumiere"I needed to confirm they lived in the Indianapolis area.
His reply came about the time I assumed he was leaving work."Thank you, and yes we live in Carmel!"was all it said.
I poured myself some bourbon and returned to the shopping list, searching for adult stores near Carmel so that I could get very specific. Within a couple of hours, I was ready to contact John the next day.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The next morning, over coffee, I drafted my email to John.
"John, Hopefully, this message finds you blissfully exhausted after learning of your wife's actions yesterday at the coffee shop. In my opinion, a necessary step on the journey to Mary choosing to become a hotwife is to create a highly sexual situation in your household. You told me the sex is 'good', but in my opinion, it needs to be great. You want Mary to want sex so much that she's willing to accept another man into her bed. My last two calls with her have attempted to jump-start her desire for more, and hopefully better, sex with you.
Your mutual assignment for this weekend is to go shopping. There are three adult store chains in the 317 area code, and I have selected items from them for the two of you to purchase. You must accomplish this task together as a couple. If an item on the list includes a store name and a photograph, you must purchase that exact item. For some of the items on the attached list, you will see that I have listed them as 'your choice'. Feel free to source those items from wherever you choose. It need not necessarily be an adult store.
You must send me a photograph of the two of you outside each store, holding something you purchased there. All photographs that we exchange in the future are to be taken with her phone and sent only by text message as it is more secure than email. Once you complete your assignment, the two of you are to model the clothing and send me photographs, again, using her phone. For the non-clothing items, you must show them being used as intended. This is not Mission Impossible, John; you have no choice, you must complete this assignment. Lumiere"
I attached the list I had created the night before and sent it on its way; confident that I was pushing them outside their comfort zone. This was a test for them as a couple. Would they move forward with our relationship? Would John submit to my directions? The requirement for photographic proof would result in both of them being naked or nearly so. That's why I wanted all photographs taken with her phone, to give her control. The last thing they needed was for John to get drunk and show someone a naked photo of his wife, and since I don't know either of them well I wanted to take some protective measures.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

I went about my weekend and anxiously awaited a flood of text messages sometime before going to bed on Sunday. I spent part of my Saturday at the local adult store—I needed to acquire a couple of things for Mimi that I did not put on their list. By late Saturday afternoon, I had my purchases in hand. I had also arranged a date for the evening; one of my lady friends (and I use the term 'lady' loosely) had contacted me saying that she'd been bad and needed a good spanking.
I slept in Sunday morning since I was fatigued from an evening of play. The buzzing on my phone started around midday. Mary was sending me pictures. I started stroking my cock through my lounge pants as I paged through them; they had done well. Two of the items on my list were shown in a picture of Mary wearing a see-thru crop top and leather pasties joined by a chain. Then came a picture of her wearing the mesh bodysuit I had specified, with those stunning areolae in full view and her nipples yearning to poke through the mesh. The third image showed a close-up of one of Mary's breasts with a non-piercing nipple jewelry item, which looked a lot like a nipple clamp but had what looked like a dangly earring attached to it. Next were images of Mary in various bra and panty sets. She looked amazing and I took my cock out to stroke it; I was already leaking. The following images featured Mary wearing a variety of short dresses appropriate for a night out, including a stunning bodycon mini-dress and stiletto heels. Then came pictures of them both playing an adult card game while partially nude; she was wearing nipple suckers in one picture. There was also a picture of him massaging her back with a bottle of massage oil nearby. The final two images served as John's test. I had chosen for him a tiny pair of jock underwear and a vibrating cock ring. He was shown wearing the jock in one picture and fully naked and erect in another while sporting the cock ring. He had previously described his cock as average, and it appeared so. In his state of erection, likely caused by the vibrations of the cock ring, it stood out proudly from his body. His crown was large and reddish-purple; it appeared ready to explode. I hoped for his sake that Mary had given him relief after their photo session.
Before settling in to stroke myself to completion while looking again at the photos of Mary, I sent a short reply.
"You have done well! I look forward to having you use these items in future assignments! I will contact Mimi tomorrow at our usual time."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Monday morning at eleven I dialed Mimi. She answered on the first ring.
"Good morning, Sir!"
"Remove your clothes, Mimi," I commanded.
I heard her getting undressed. She was so pliable, so eager to submit to me.
"I am undressed, Sir."
"Good girl. In the future, you will always undress before our scheduled calls, understood?"
"Yes, Sir."
"Your husband's erection appeared to be painful in that last photo you sent me; the one with him wearing the cock ring. Did you satisfy him afterward?"
"Yes, Sir. He bent me over the kitchen counter. He didn't last very long, but his vibrating cock felt amazing as he plundered me from behind."
"Did you cum for him?"
"No, Sir. He was so excited that he came before I was able to."
"What did you think of that, Mimi?"
"I was disappointed, Sir. "
"Would you like to cum for me now, Mimi?"
"I would like that, Sir. Just like last time?"
"Yes, Mimi. I want to hear you cum for me, just like last time. Do you have a vibrator, Mimi?"
"No, Sir."
"All right then, touch yourself for me."
It was quiet on her end for a bit so I spoke softly to her, imagining her fingers running over her clit and dipping into her cunt.
"Are you wet, Mimi?"
"Yes, Sir," she whispered.
"Describe what you're doing."
"I'm circling my clit, Sir. It's sending sparks into my core."
"Slip a finger into yourself, Mimi. Slide it back and forth."
"Yes, Sir," she whispered. I heard a slight gasp, and then she hissed, "Yeesssss."
"I think you're such a good girl when you're being my slut. Put another finger in, Mimi."
"Aaaahhh," she exhaled, "that feels so good, Sir."
"Good, now keep that up and use your other hand to rub your clit. Remember to call my name when you cum."
"Mmmmm, yes, Sir. Ooohhhhh...ahhhhh...mmmmmmm. I'm going to cum, Sir. I'm going to cum for you."
"Good girl. Cum now."
"Aaaaaaahhhhhh! I'm cumming, Lumiere! Oooooohhh, I'm cumming for you!" I heard a slight squeal and then panting.
"Did you have a good cum, Mimi?"
"Yes, Sir. Even better than last time."
"That makes me happy, Mimi. I want you to have great orgasms. Do you need a little time to clean up before we continue?"
"Yes, Sir. I would appreciate that."
"Very well, call me back when you're ready. We have several things to discuss. Don't be long...and don't get dressed."
"Yes, Sir. I'll be quick. I promise." She ended the call and called back within a few minutes.
"You are going to receive a package," I said when I answered her call as if we hadn't been interrupted. "I will send it to the local UPS store. You will pick it up from them. Do not open the package. Text me when you have it and we will arrange a time to speak. This is very important, Mimi, do you understand?"
"Yes, Sir. Would you please send it to the location on Carey Road? It is nearer to my home."
"Yes, and I will text you the tracking number when I send it. Now, we have some rules to discuss."
"Rules, Sir?"
"Yes, rules about your behavior. First, as I said, when we schedule a call you will undress beforehand."
"Yes, Sir."
"Second, you must have sexual interaction with John every day. Kissing does not count unless your tongues are involved, or you are kissing him in places that are normally covered such as his chest, his cock, his thighs, etcetera. Rubbing his cock through his pants counts, whether you use your hand or your body is up to you. Massages count, use the massage oil that you purchased. Get creative with this rule. You do not need to bring him to orgasm during your interaction. Your touch can be brief, but it must be intentional. Understood?"
"Yes, Sir."
"Third, you must ask permission to masturbate. If I permit you to masturbate, you may not orgasm unless I also permit it."
"But, Sir." She sounded a bit disappointed.
"Remember, Mimi, you are having sexual interaction with your husband every day. If he touches you and brings you to orgasm it does not violate this rule. In fact, I encourage you to seduce him. You should always cum for your husband. Understood?"
"Yes, Sir!" She sounded much happier now.
"That's all for now. There will be additional rules once you receive the package. Remember your promise, Mimi. I have no way to verify that you are doing as I instruct. I must trust you."
"Yes, Sir. I will keep my promise, to be honest with you."
"Good girl. Contact me when you receive the package." I ended the call, then returned to the local adult bookstore to purchase a pair of vibrators for them; one that slipped over a finger and transmitted vibrations through touch, and the other a remote-controlled egg. I packaged them with the rhinestone choker and body harness that I had purchased earlier and stopped at the UPS store on the way home. I sent the tracking number to Mimi.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Two days later, Mimi let me know that she had the package. I told her I wanted to talk at our usual time.
"I am unable to meet your schedule, Sir. I have a work meeting away from my home. I am sorry, Sir."
"I understand, Mimi," I replied, "But I am not happy about being surprised with this information. As a result of my displeasure, you must not wear panties or a bra to your meeting."
"But Sir!" she replied, "I am meeting with a group of male doctors!"
"Even better! In the future, you should avoid disappointing me, particularly by surprise, Mimi. Remember your promise! Call me after your meeting."
My phone rang mid-afternoon.
"How was your meeting, Mimi?"
"Embarrassing, Sir. Embarrassing... and exciting. I need permission to touch myself, Sir; and to cum"
"You have permission, but you must tell me about your meeting while you do so."
"Well, Sir, at first I was terrified of what I was going to do. When I entered the conference room and they were all looking at me, I thought I would faint. I imagined that they could see through my clothes. Then, as the meeting went on, my nipples grew hard and I felt damp between my thighs. I felt so naughty, Sir. I think a couple of them noticed because they kept smiling at me and looking at my chest. Their attention gave me a sudden surge of confidence. When we concluded the meeting they gave me more work! It was like a reward for being such a slut! I stopped in the Ladies' Room on my way out of the building and there was a damp spot in my slacks."
"Is that where you are now?"
Oh, yes, Sir! I'm touching myself right now. It feels so good!"
"Are you ready to cum, Mimi?"
"Oh, yes, Sir. May I cum for you, Sir?"
"Yes, Mimi, cum now."
I heard a soft moan that seemed to echo within the bathroom stall. As she reached her peak, she whispered my name, "Lumiere."
"You are such a good girl, Mimi. You obey me completely."
"Thank you, Sir; pleasing you makes me happy."
"You are my treasure, Mimi. Go home now, tell John about your day, about the meeting, and about cumming for me. I'll call you tomorrow and we'll open the box."
"Yes, Sir."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

I called Mimi the next day. She answered on the first ring.
"Good morning, Sir!" She was excited and giggled.
"Good morning, Mimi. How did John take the news of your slutty activities yesterday?"
"Well, Sir, suffice it to say that I'm a bit sore this morning. He was quite energetic after I told him the story. In fact, he asked me to retell it several times while we had sex. He used the vibrating cock ring. I came so hard for him."
"Good, I'm happy to hear that. Would you say that the two of you are having better sex?"
"Yes, Sir, much better."
"Good. Do you have the package nearby?"
"Yes, Sir! It's right here."
"Then you may now open it"
The choker was on top. I heard her squeal. "Sir! It's beautiful!"
"You are my treasure, Mimi. My collar signifies that you are mine. My rule is that you are to wear it whenever we speak, whenever you are completing assignments that I give you, and whenever else I instruct you. Place it around your neck now; you may have a few minutes to view yourself in the mirror if you so choose."
"Thank you, Sir. I'll return shortly."
She returned after a few minutes, and I could hear her sobbing. I knew from experience that collaring a sub, particularly their first collar, was an emotional experience. I gave her some time to calm herself.
"I wish that I could have placed it around your neck myself, Mimi."
"I understand, Sir."
"Do you like it?"
"Yes, Sir. It is beautiful, it makes me feel beautiful. It makes me feel treasured."
"Excellent, that's how I want you to feel. I treasure your submission, I treasure you. There are more items in the box. Please continue."
Next was the body harness. I heard her gasp, and then breathlessly whisper, "It is gorgeous."
The harness was pale pink leatherette, with rose-gold rivets and rings. There was an X across her chest and another across her stomach, with straps that passed between her legs. It was designed to accentuate her breasts and her bottom.
"Put it on, Mimi."
I heard movement and then shortly it grew quiet.
"I feel like such a slut, Sir."
"I'm happy to hear it!" I chuckled.
"I love it, Lumiere," she said with a catch in her voice.
"I want you to wear it for John tonight."
"That doesn't seem fair, Sir. It's yours, Mimi is yours."
"It's okay."
"Would you like a photo, Sir?"
"That would be nice."
"Give me a few minutes."
She was gone for several minutes; longer than I thought it would take. Then the photos started coming in.
The first photo was a headshot, showing the collar. In it, she was not wearing makeup and her hair was in a messy bun with bangs; tendrils framed her face. Her natural beauty shone like a light. Incredible is the only word to describe her. My collar pales in comparison to her beauty.
Another photo arrived. A full-body photo. Her proportions are perfect, and her skin is flawless. Her triangle is neatly trimmed. My harness caresses her body in the way I would if I could meet her. Another photo arrives, she's turned sideways to the mirror, showing how the straps caress her cheeks. I groaned with desire.
A fourth photo arrived. It was a close-up. Her fingers formed an inverted V, and between them was her pussy, spread open for me. Wet and pink; both her fingers and her labia glistened. In my mind, I could smell and taste her nectar.
"Are you there, Sir?"
"My God, Mary. You are incredibly beautiful," I choked out. "The photo that John sent me doesn't do you justice."
"I see that the final items in the box are vibrators. Would you like me to cum for you, Sir?"
"Y...Y...Yes," I stammered, "Use the finger vibrator." Hearing the vibration a moment later, I quickly dropped my pants and began stroking my shaft.
"Talk to me, Mimi. Tell me what you're doing."
"I'm teasing my clit, Sir. Did you see it in the photo?"
"Yes, you are quite naughty. I have not asked for a pussy picture, yet here you are, spreading yourself for me." I replied breathlessly.
"My fingers are so wet, Sir. I'm putting two of them in my pussy. Aaahh, yes. That's good. I'm so wet for you, Sir. Did you see it?"
"Yes, Mimi. I could almost smell you. Do you enjoy whoring yourself for my gifts?"
"Mmmm, yes, Sir. I'm so hot and wet for you. My scent is so strong. I'm imagining you are inside me, stretching me open. I'm ready to cum for you, Sir. Are you looking at the photo of my wet pussy?"
"Yes, Mimi. I've been admiring it since you sent it to me. Don't cum yet, Mimi, I haven't given you permission."
"Please, Sir! I need to cum!
"Not yet, stop touching yourself."
"Sir, I was so close," she whined.
"You need to learn to control yourself, Mimi. Take three deep breaths; in through your nose, then purse your lips and blow out slowly."
I heard her breathing.
"Touch yourself again, gently, without the vibrator."
I heard soft moans.
"Please, Sir. May I cum now?"
"Not yet, continue touching yourself. Use the vibrator to pleasure your nipples."
I heard it begin to buzz, and her moans grew louder.
"Oh, Sir, I need to cum. Please give me permission."
"Not yet. Lay the vibrator against your clit, Mimi."
"Oh, god. Sir, please. I'm ready to cum! Please!"
"You may cum for me, Mimi."
"Ooohhh, fuuuuu...I'm cumming, sir!" And then I heard a shriek.
What happened, Mimi?"
"I'm sitting in a pool of my own fluids, sir. I squirted! I've never squirted!"
I began to laugh. "You're welcome!"
"Stop laughing, sir. I'm a mess. I need to call you back after I clean up, sir."
"That's fine, my treasure. I'll talk to you in a bit."
I ended the call and pulled up the photo of her pussy, then grabbed my cock and stroked it until I throbbed out a creamy load into a paper towel.
As I considered what to do next, she called. I did not have a chance to speak before she began.
"I will not wear my harness for him tonight! I will NEVER wear it for him! You have shown me that he does not deserve my submission! Only you deserve my submission, sir."
"Slow down woman! Do not challenge me!" I fired back angrily. I had just guided her to what was likely the best orgasm of her life and she was angry at me! Damn if I would take this! Never has a sub been so insubordinate to me. She was lucky that we were separated by such distance.
"I will NOT slow down, I will give you up before I show HIM my submissive side!"
"Mimi," I growled.
"No, sir. Mimi belongs to Lumiere, not John, never John. This is a... what do you call it? A hard limit, sir!"
I sighed. This should not have surprised me, given the events with her father, and John's submissive nature. I'd finally given her an outlet for her need to be dominated like she had been by her father; only now it was tinged with sexuality, and she was experiencing orgasms like never before.
"Very well, Mimi. I will not ask you to wear your sub clothing for your husband."
"Thank you, sir."
"Your next few challenges can be completed on your schedule. First, wear one of your new dresses but no bra, go for a walk in downtown Carmel past popular lunch spots, look worriedly at your phone, and ask a man walking by or seated outdoors for lunch, to take some sexy photos for your husband since he's having a bad day. It's up to you to define what I mean by sexy, but you know I love seeing your flesh. Send them to John. Next, select a zipper-front top from your wardrobe, if you don't have one, purchase one. On a day when you must be in public, do not wear a bra and allow John to set the zipper wherever he wants. You are not allowed to move the zipper until he returns home. When you catch men looking, smile at them. Lastly, have John take a photo of you in a public place. You must lift the hem of your dress, or bend over, and show him your panties. Preferably, let someone see it happen. Do you understand these assignments?"
"Yes, sir," she responded, her voice a bit throaty and full of sexual tension.
"Remember, these are assignments, you must wear your collar. We will not speak again until you have completed them. Call me when you are done; I expect a full report.
She was quiet, but I could hear heavy breathing.
"Are you touching yourself, Mimi?"
"No, sir...but I want to. The thought of doing these things, it—it excites me, sir."
"Good girl, Mimi. You have my permission to masturbate and orgasm freely while you're working to accomplish these challenges."
I ended the call. I like ending my calls with her abruptly, it's an expression of my power over her. I texted her the list of assignments.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

I poured myself a glass of Woodford Reserve because sipping on a glass of bourbon is when I think the best. I started making plans for some upcoming hotwife challenges. After a few bourbons, I had the general structure of a list that was more risqué than earlier tasks. The list included:
A boudoir photography session paid for by me, including nudity and her submissive wear. I know the perfect photographer for the job, and she'll give me a seven-inch discount. Mary needs a confidence boost and that should do it.
Going out in public with John to have him take photos or videos of her flashing boobs, ass, pussy, and full body. Preferably in busy places.
Wear the remote-controlled bullet vibrator to dinner, and give John the remote so he can tease her throughout the meal. Have John record a video of her while he turns up the vibrations and makes her cum as he feeds her dessert.
Lastly, they both go shopping. Expose her breasts to a man and offer to let him touch them.
Yep, an excellent list, ending with another man touching her. If she reacted to this last challenge as I hoped she would, her journey to Hotwife would be all but complete.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

I was a bit surprised when she called just two days later.
"Good morning, sir. I am calling to report that I have completed my challenges as instructed."
"Excellent, I was not expecting a call so soon."
"I—couldn't wait, sir. I was so excited."
"That's what I like, a submissive who is excited to satisfy me. Tell me more."
"I found a downtown restaurant with outdoor seating for the first challenge. There was an older man seated next to the fencing they had installed. I asked him to take photos as I bent over the rail. He had a good look down my top, then I twirled for him. The breeze blew my dress up and he saw my panties. I wore the same sundress that evening when John and I went to dinner. We pretended to not be together and I walked ahead of him. As we approached the restaurant I pretended to have trouble with one of my shoes, so I bent over at the waist and pretended to fix it while John took a photo. The sun dress was very short and he took an excellent photo of my exposed panties. You will be happy to know that there were two men following him. They both saw what was happening."
"Excellent, Mimi! How did you feel after showing John and the other men your slutty side?"
"Excited, sir. My heart was racing and my knees nearly buckled as I stood up and turned to look at John; that's when I realized that he was not the only one who saw me."
"Did you want to touch yourself?"
"Yes, sir. I rubbed my thighs together while we had dinner. Once back home, John fucked me so hard. I came twice, sir."
"Did you want the other men to touch you?"
She grew quiet, but I could hear her breathing.
"I...I...was afraid to think about them touching me."
"It's okay to have naughty thoughts, Mimi; thoughts that are yours alone. You have naughty thoughts with me, and you do naughty things for me. I'm sure those men weren't afraid to think about touching you. I know if I saw a woman doing what you did, I would want to touch her, but not just with my hands. I would want to taste her, Mimi; and feel her warmth as I held her hips and entered her. That's what they were thinking, Mimi. They were thinking about putting their tongues and cocks between your legs. I'm, confident they wanted to fuck you; the little slut that bent at the waist."
I heard her gasp. "May I touch myself, sir?"
"Not yet, you still have one challenge to tell me about."
"Yes, sir," she said, the sound of sexual frustration filling her voice.
"Yesterday I had errands to run, so I wore a pair of yoga pants—no panties, of course, and a matching full-zip top. I allowed John to set the zipper before he left for work; he set it so low that I was immediately excited at the thought of other men seeing me; my breasts were almost spilling out. As I ran my errands, many men noticed me; men of all ages. I did as instructed and smiled at them. When I arrived home from my errands I noticed a dark stain in my yoga pants. I was wet, sir."
"Very good, Mimi. You did well."
"I'm so excited, sir. May I cum for you?"
"That would make me very happy, Mimi. Would you like to hear about your next challenges while you touch your slutty little cunt?"
"Oh, yes, sir. I would like that very much!"
"For your next challenge, I will schedule and pay for a boudoir photography session. They can be quite expensive, particularly for what I will ask the photographer to do. They will have clothes for you to wear but you should take your new clothes as well, including the collar, body harness, nipple jewelry, and pasties. I will specify to them what I want, so just follow their instructions. Some of what I specify will require you to be nude, tastefully done, of course."
"Yes, siiiirrrrr," she purred.
"Next, you are to go with John to busy public places and have him take a photo or video of you flashing your breasts, your ass, and your pussy, and finally, flashing your entire body."
"Oh, sir, that is all so naughty. You want me to show my bare pussy in public?"
"Yes, Mimi, I do. Next, arrange a dinner date with John and insert the egg vibrator before leaving home. Go to a nice restaurant, one that has tablecloths. Give John the remote and let him tease you throughout dinner. Order dessert and have John record a video of you as he turns up the vibrations and makes you cum while he feeds you dessert."
"Sir, I'm cuuummmmmiiiinnnnggggg! I'm cumming for you, Lumiere! My cunny is gripping my fingers so tightly!" I heard some unintelligible sounds followed by heavy breathing.
"That was fantastic, sir."
"I'll send you the list, Mimi. Call me when you've completed it. And don't forget to wear your collar. Oh, and Mimi, you are not allowed to masturbate until our next call."
I ended the call. She was definitely under my spell now, and the last challenge I planned to give her would complete her submission.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Mimi called me three days later.
"I did it, sir! I accomplished all of the challenges!"
"Very good, Mimi," I responded. There was an excitement in her voice that was beyond anything I'd heard from her before.
"You want to hear, don't you, sir?"
"Of course, Mimi. I always want to hear about you being my slut."
"May I touch myself while I tell you about it, Sir?"
"You may, but no cumming until you've finished your story."
"Thank you, Sir. For the flashing, we found an area on the Monon Trail."
"I know the Monon."
"Crazy things can happen on the Monon, so we thought it was a good place for me to flash; the area we chose was in Broadripple. We walked the trail together. I wore a wrap dress and nothing else, well, I wore shoes of course. I stopped each time and John walked ahead of me then turned and snapped the photo. People saw what we were doing, but didn't react. It felt liberating, sir!"
"I'm happy for you, Mimi," I chuckled.
"That same evening, John took me to dinner at an upscale seafood restaurant in Keystone at the Crossing; we had to dress up. He turned the vibrator on low as soon as we sat down. All through dinner, he kept adjusting the speed; up, down, up, down. I could feel the dampness building between my thighs, sir. Do you have any idea what it's like to be teased like that for a whole hour, sir? And then we had dessert. He turned the speed all the way up as he slowly fed me. He propped my phone against a water glass to record my reaction. It was so hard to not give an outward sign. A few times I softly moaned as I ate the dessert. Finally, I gave in and just hung my head as I sat there quivering. When we finally left, John had to help me out to the car."
"So, you enjoyed your evening!"
"Yes, sir," she giggled, "I highly recommend the 10-layer Carrot Cake. It's an orgasmic experience."
"You should write an online review!" I laughed and she agreed.
"So, what about the boudoir shoot, are you ready?"
"I'm scared, sir. What if I'm not beautiful enough?"
I had to suppress my laugh, but at the same time, I felt pangs of sadness. Mary Is beautiful, but she doesn't feel it, and that's a real shame.
"Mimi, you are more than beautiful enough. This is my gift to you, so that you may see yourself as others see you."
"I don't feel so, sir, I've seen those photos and the girls look sexy."
"You are sexy, Mimi. I touch myself when I look at the photos that you've sent me."
"Thank you, sir. Maybe I'll feel that way someday. I'm ready to cum, sir."
"I hope you do feel that way soon, Mimi. Please cum for me now."
"Mmmm, it feels so good to touch myself. I wish it was you touching me, Sir."
"John is much closer, Mimi. Perhaps I should make you wait until he gets home."
"Oh, Sir! It's too late! I'm cumming, Lumiere, cumming for you! Aaaaaahh!"
"We'll talk next week, after the shoot. Call me when you finish," I told her, then abruptly ended the call.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Mimi called me the morning of the photo shoot, she was a nervous wreck.
"I can't do this, sir! I'm sick to my stomach, my hands are shaking; I'll never be able to drive to the studio!"
"Breathe, Mimi," I told her. She did as I'd taught. "You can, and you will do this, Mimi. You are stronger than you know. I promise this will be an amazing experience for you; my friend is one of the best."
"No, sir. I can't do this."
"Mimi, you've already been nude in public, if only for a moment. Remember how thrilling it was on the Monon? This is going to be so much easier."
"But, sir."
"No buts, Mimi. This is your assignment. I expect you to submit to my will."
She was quiet for a while, only the sound of her breathing came through the phone.
"Yes, sir."
"Enjoy yourself today, Mimi."
"Yes, sir."
She hung up and then called back that afternoon.
"I did it, sir! It was glorious! I feel like a new woman. Thank you, sir!"
I chuckled softly. "Did I not tell you? You didn't trust me, Mimi."
"I apologize for not trusting you, Sir. I was so nervous, but when I arrived, they treated me like royalty. I received a glass of champagne when I walked through the door and we sat to talk about what was going to happen. She did such a wonderful job of calming me."
"She's very good at what she does."
"Oh, she is, Sir. She took some photos of me in the clothes I wore, with no makeup, and no jewelry, just to show me what it would be like. THEN! Oh, Sir! I sat in a salon chair as two women doted on me, one doing my hair and the other doing my makeup and nails. I've NEVER had anyone do my makeup before. And of course, more champagne!"
She was giggling and her voice was going higher and higher. She was truly excited as she recalled her day.
"Then, she took the real photos. I started in dresses and gradually wore less and less, ending with being naked, Sir! At first, I felt so vulnerable, but she was such a calming influence."
"What about your submissive wear?"
"Oh, Sir! That was next! She took even more photos with what I brought, and she even had some other things that she gave me to wear. A collar with a leash, a fancy mask, and she even had something called a spanking bench that she put me over. Oh, Sir, that was so exciting!"
"And how do you feel now, Mimi?"
"Oh, Sir. When she showed me the previews I began feeling so sexy and confident. I'm beginning to believe that Iambeautiful! Best of all, Sir, I feel like I love myself more than I have in years. You were right, Sir, this has been an amazing experience. Thank you!"
"You're welcome, Mimi. Did she tell you about the two books?"
"Yes, Sir. She says that you requested my submissive photos be put in a separate book so that I may keep them private until I'm ready to share."
"Yes, Mimi. Remember I told you that I do not want to come between you and John, but I also understand that you are not ready to show him your submissive side. Having two books gives you complete control of who sees what side of you. You have control, Mimi. You always have control."
We were both quiet for a moment.
"We'll talk again soon, I'll text you a date and time."
I ended the call. The next challenge was the grocery store scenario. I had to be positive that John truly wanted her to have sex with other men because what I had planned was going to push them both to their limits—letting another man fondle her breasts.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

I crafted an email to John, explaining my plan in detail; what I would demand of Mary, and what I expected of him. He replied later that day and agreed to my plan, suggesting a time for the three of us to talk. I texted Mary to let her know that I would be calling that evening and told her to wear her collar but not to be nude, and instead to wear her harness under her clothes. I needed her in her submissive state of mind if this had any hope of success.
When the time came, I dialed Mary's number and she answered and said that John was with her. We briefly made casual conversation before I began telling them of their next challenge. When I finished, Mary protested a bit, stating that she was not sure she could go through with the final act of the scenario I described. I could hear John encouraging her, but he was almost whining. It was as if he was begging her to do this. I knew that wouldn't work, so I used my dominant tone.
"Mimi."
She didn't answer immediately, and in my mind's eye, I could see her and John sitting side-by-side on their sofa, looking at each other.
"Yes, Sir," she finally responded.
"You are mine, and this is what I demand of you. You are strong, are you not?"
"Yes, Sir."
"You are beautiful and desirable, are you not?"
"Yes, Sir."
"I long to share you with someone other than your husband. You will submit to my desire."
There was a long pause. I could imagine them sitting there, looking at each other, John's eyes wide with disbelief as his wife submitted to just the sound of my voice.
Finally, breathlessly, she responded, "Yes, Sir."
"Good girl. Call me when you have completed this challenge." I ended the call.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

It was three days later when Mimi finally called.
"Good morning, my treasure. Are you doing well?" I said as I answered her call.
"Yes, Sir. I'm doing very well."
"Are you naked and wearing your collar?"
"Yes, Sir."
"I take it you have completed your challenge. Tell me about it."
She was quiet once again, but I could hear her breathing.
"It was the most exciting thing I've ever done, Sir. I feel like a true slut," she whispered.
"So you let this man touch your breasts, and you enjoyed it.?"
"Yes, Sir.
"What about John?"
"He can't keep his hands off me, it's like he's trying to reclaim me from this other man."
"Tell me how it happened, Mimi."
"Yes, Sir. After John arrived home from work, we went to the grocery. I was wearing my zip-up over the mesh crop top. No bra, just as you instructed. We walked along, looking for a man for me to approach. We found a young man, he was wearing a T-shirt from a nearby technical college. It barely contained his body, Sir. He was tall and muscular. As I approached him, I pulled the zipper a bit lower so he could see my cleavage. He was in the coffee aisle and I approached him as John held back, I pretended to be interested in the coffee he was holding. We had a nice conversation, and his eyes kept straying down to my cleavage. He was at least six inches taller than me and had a very good view between my breasts."
"That excited you, didn't it, Mimi."
"Yes, Sir. My heart was racing and my hands were shaking so badly that I had to clasp them together. Of course, that caused my breasts to squeeze together and rise a bit higher. I could feel myself getting wet."
"What happened then, Mimi?"
"We finished our conversation and the young man walked away. I turned to John, making sure he was still there, and I followed the young man. As I entered the next aisle, I saw him about halfway to the end; he was alone so I unzipped my top and held it together. My heart was pounding in my chest as I approached him. My mind felt disembodied— like I was someone else watching this woman about to bare her breasts to a stranger. The aisle was frozen foods, and it was naturally cool. My nipples were already hard, and the temperature change only made them harder. As I approached him, he opened one of the doors and cold air poured out around him. I stepped close to him and said, 'Excuse me,' and he turned to look; I opened my top, exposing my breasts to the cold as I stood just a foot away, 'What is your opinion of these?' I asked. I stood there, about to vomit with excitement, my nipples feeling as if they might break off as the young man looked rapidly between my breasts and my eyes. 'They're amazing,' he said softly, and a big smile came over his face. I said, 'They're very cold, and I imagine your warm hands would feel amazing on them.' His smile disappeared, and a shocked look came over him. He nervously glanced in both directions, and I thought for a moment that he might run away. John was behind him, looking into a freezer case near the end of the aisle. Then the young man raised his hands and fondled me, cupping his warm hands over my cold flesh. The warmth felt so good; it sent a surge between my legs. After a short time of caressing my breasts, he took my nipples and rolled them between his fingers. I softly moaned as I tilted my chin to him. He continued taking liberties with my breasts, and I allowed him. It was thrilling to be touched by another man. He was focused on my breasts and did not notice John approaching, taking a video as he drew near. Once John was next to us, the young man just smiled and continued touching me. I could feel the dampness spreading between my legs. He released one breast and placed his fingers under my chin. He looked deep into my eyes and his lips met mine. He swallowed my moan as our tongues met, and then he returned his hands to my breasts and pinched my nipples. When he broke the kiss, he smiled and thanked me, then walked away. John and I giggled and raced to our car. As we drove away I ripped off my zip-up and grasped my cold breasts. The heat and the wind coming through the open window felt exquisite, and my entire chest broke out in prickles."
"So it excited you to be a slut for me?"
"More than anything, Sir!"
"And to feel the touch of another man, even while your husband watched?"
She was quiet. I didn't press. I wanted her to come to terms with her obvious excitement with the act of letting another man touch her.
Finally, she spoke. It was a soft, almost embarrassed voice. "I want to do it again, Sir."
"You want someone other than your husband to touch you?"
"Yes, Sir. It was the most thrilling thing; watching another man touch me, feeling him caress my breasts and pinch my nipples, tasting his mouth. I nearly came as I stood there in the frozen foods."
"Does John know that you want another man to touch you?"
"No, Sir."
"Tell him, Mimi. Tell him how you want another man to touch you."
"He wants me to have sex with other men, to be his Hotwife; let's give him what he wants, you and I. Come to me, Lumiere. I will kneel before you and submit myself to you; I will satisfy your every filthy fantasy. You know how to care for Mimi, to treasure her. I wear your collar, I am yours. Come take what you own, Sir. If you were here I would take your cock into my mouth to suck it, please you with my mouth, and then bend over and beg you to spear me and fill me with your hot seed."
"Temptation is a dangerous weapon to wield, Mimi."
"He is away all of next week on business. Based on your number I know that you can't be far. Come claim your property, Lumiere. Take what is rightfully yours; possess my body."
My emotions were running high, and I knew that I needed to end this call before I said something I would regret. I knew immediately that I longed for what she was proposing, to feel her lips enveloping my shaft, to taste her mouth and her pussy, to slide my cock into her core and watch her face as she screams my name and comes apart in my arms. But she's John's wife, and I've never taken a married woman before, never really seriously considered it — until this moment. My plan had been successful. The last step to making her a Hotwife was before me. I wanted it, I wanted to be the one, her first bull. At the moment, I wanted it more than anything.
"I'll be in touch, Mimi. Remember the rules."
"Fuck the rules, Sir!" She ended the call.