This is a dystopian fantasy about a women who is sold into sex slavery which ends in romance with her new owner. If the slavery aspect bothers you, please skip this.
**************
I guess in one sense I was lucky, though it sure as hell didn't seem that way at the start. I am Emily and was 20 when this all started. After they changed the bankruptcy laws to make personal bankruptcy impossible, they made other changes. The lenders wanted their money back and were not too particular how they got it.
They had laws changed to allow for what they ironically called voluntary servitude. Basically you 'discharged' your debt by becoming a slave. Then in every lending contract they added a stipulation that defaulting on the loan was tacit agreement to voluntary servitude. Voluntary, my ass. Pretty quickly, increasing numbers of people became slaves.
They also changed the laws so that death did not allow one to escape repayment. The next closest relative automatically became liable for any loans of the deceased. My father had a good job and had taken out large loans because my mother required expensive medical care. When my parents died in an auto accident, I became liable for those loans, under the new rules. Insurance could not come close to covering it all.
I quit school and took two jobs and struggled to make payments on the loans. It was hard and I often was up to the deadline before I could make the payment. I had a payment due by noon on the first, so I needed to drop off my payment before going to work at 7am. Of course the lender was not open that early, but they had a drop box, so I left my payment there and went to work, confident that I'd made my obligation one more month.
I finished my first job and went to the second and worked that. I got home after 9pm and was exhausted. I no sooner got home than there was a knock on my door. I had no idea who would be at my door at that hour, but went and opened it. There were three very burly guys there and they pushed their way into my tiny apartment.
"You have a loan through Friendly Finance Company."
"Yes, and I'm current on my payments."
"According to our records, your payment was not received on time."
"I left that in the drop box at 6:30 this morning."
"Items in that box are not processed until after the close of business."
"But I left it there before the deadline."
"It was not received until after the deadline."
"But you have my payment."
"Not received on time."
"I work two jobs, neither of which is close to your location. I had no way of getting to your place during office hours."
"Not our fault. Not our problem."
"Whatever, you still have your money."
"Because your payment was received late, you're in default on your loan."
"This can't be happening."
"The company is calling the loan. Unless you have $48,362.59, we have to exercise our option."
"I don't have that kind of money."
"Then by your agreement, you are entered into voluntary servitude."
"You can't do this."
"Yes, we can, it's in your loan agreement."
"Please don't do this. I made a good faith effort to get that payment in, and left it there in time."
"You can either cooperate, and this will go easily, or fight us and we may hurt you."
I wept. I was getting screwed by a loan company that was using the rules to their advantage and my disadvantage. Two of the goons took my arms and took me from my apartment. The third goon snapped a metal collar on my neck. There were enough stories out there that I knew it was a slave collar, was locked on and had GPS so I could easily be found if I tried to run away.
My hands were handcuffed behind my head as they led me to a van outside. One goon drove while the other two kept watch over me. Between handcuffs and the collar, I had zero chance to get away, but they were taking no chances at all. They had me lying on my stomach, so I couldn't really see where we were going, not that it mattered. I was in their complete control.
"Remember that cunt last week who kept ranting that her daddy had money and would save her?"
"Yeah, what about her?"
"She was half right. Her daddy bought her slave contract. She's a slave but now daddy is her owner."
"So is she free and clear?"
"Naw, man. Daddy is making her his for real slave. Bitch has to toe the line for the first time in her life."
"Serves her right. She was such a bitch when we picked her up"
"She figured whatever she ran up, daddy would pay off."
"In a way he did."
"Just making her pay for it now."
"So what do you think they'll do with this one?"
"Just look at her - as sexy and cute as she is - we both know what they'll do with her."
"What? What are they going to do with me?"
"You'll see - soon enough."
"Any more pickups after we drop this one off?"
"She's the last one for the night."
I wanted to cry, but didn't want to give them the pleasure. I was afraid of what might be in store for me, but prayed for some sort of reprieve. I guess I got it, though not quickly or as I'd expected. We finally arrived at where they were to drop me off, and they lifted me up off my stomach so I could exit. I dreaded it all, but had little choice. They frog marched me into a building.
"Well, well, what have we here?"
"Name used to be Emily Robinson, before her loan default."
"I dropped off my payment before the specified time. This isn't fair."
"Life isn't fair, bitch. You might as well accept that now."
"Damn, about 5'2", maybe 115 pounds, nice shape, cute face, and young. We'll get a good price for this one."
"Please, isn't there anything I can do?"
"You can shut the fuck up and learn to be a good slave."
"With the way she looks, I'm thinking sex slave."
"God, please, no."
"Get her clothes off her."
"You can't do this to me."
"Actually, we can. Besides, we need to tattoo your slave ID on your ass."
I was wearing jeans, and one of the men unzipped them and pulled down jeans and panties in one quick move before I could even react. They got those completely off me, along with my shoes, and I stood there naked from the waist down. They took my handcuffs off but held my arms tight as they took off my blouse and bra.
They handcuffed my hands behind my head, hooking the short chain of the cuffs to my slave collar. I was now naked with no ability to cover any part of me. Another man came in the room, and the three that had taken me left for the night. The two remaining walked me to another room, and made me lie face down on a table, still quite naked.
There was a stinging and burning feeling on my ass as they tattooed it. It didn't take too long. They weren't doing anything fancy of artistic, just a number and a symbol to indicate that I was now a slave. That was part of what they did with every slave, tattooing and putting on the collar. Supposedly, this was voluntary, but no one who went onto slavery did it voluntarily.
After they were done with the tattoo, they took me to another room, where they applied some cream to my underarms, muff, and legs. The cream was one that not only removed the hair there, but prevented it from ever returning. They didn't want slaves, particularly female sex slaves to have any hair in those areas.
I was now thoroughly marked. Even if I managed to be freed from my bondage, I'd still have the tattoo and hair removal marking me as having been a slave. This was all very quick. They clearly processed a lot of slaves and had this all down to a science and wasted no time or effort. Still naked, I was marched to another room where I was given my slave indoctrination.
My owner was always to be addressed as master. I was only to speak when spoken to and only if what was said to me required an answer. I was to look down in the presence of non-slaves and to be submissive. I frankly would have cried, except I was almost beyond crying. I tried one more time to protest being enslaved, and was punished for speaking out.
There were certain standards for the treatment of slaves. We had to be fed decently, cared for and cleaned. Our owners could not break any bones or do anything that left scars. We were to get proper medical treatment. It all sounds pretty benign, but we could still be punished, and we could expect constant humiliation.
They took me to another room, where they gave me a complete medical examination. They took blood and did xrays and scans. They implanted something that would keep me from getting pregnant and also minimize periods. They said I had no sexually transmitted diseases and seemed to be in perfect health. After that, I was taken to a small room with a cot, and provided with some food and had my handcuffs removed. The room had no windows and the door was locked from outside.
"In case you were wondering, little girl, you won't be given any clothes. Shit, since you're going to be a sex slave, you may not wear clothes again until you are so old and ugly that no one wants you anymore."
He laughed and left, closing the door behind him. I did check the door after he left and it could not be opened. I sat down on the cot and began to eat the food that was left for me. It seemed to be on a par with airline or hospital food - bland, unappetizing, but probably nutritious. A little later, the lights dimmed and I lay down on the cot and cried myself to sleep.
...
I was awakened the next morning by someone bringing me food. After I ate, someone came back, put me back in handcuffs behind my head, then hooked a leash to my collar and led me from the room. They took me to a bathroom where I peed and shit, and then received a douche and an enema 'to clean me out'. They took me to a shower where someone else washed my body, since I was still cuffed.
After the shower, they took me to someone who dried and styled my hair. They spent far more time on my hair than I ever bothered to do. Then someone else put makeup on me. After they made up my face nicely, they didn't stop, but put makeup on my nipples to make them more apparent, like they weren't already. They also put makeup on my labia, making them darker and redder.
After they were done, they talked among themselves about how they were sure I'd bring an excellent price at the slave auction. Since I'd already had a few punishments, I said nothing unless they spoke directly to me, which they never did. I was nothing more than a piece of meat that they were prettying up for sale. It didn't matter to them what I thought.
I was taken to another room, hands still cuffed behind my head, and told to stand with feet well apart. They made it clear that they'd use a spreader bar to do that if I didn't cooperate. I did as they asked and stood there as six men came in the room. These were the potential buyers and they were here to inspect the merchandise.
"As is normal, you aren't allowed to touch the merchandise until or unless you buy it. If you touch her before then, you are subject to a ten thousand dollar penalty."
"Damn, this one is almost worth paying the fine."
"Come on, George, fucking behave."
They all got about as close to me as they could without touching. They went around me, looking at me from in front and in back. One asked if I could bend over so they could get a better look at my ass. I did as they requested and he even got one of the staff to spread my ass cheeks so he got a better look at my asshole. They had me stand straight up again and began asking questions.
"Okay, slave, how many men have you been with in your life?"
"Two, sir." I had to address an owner as 'master', but none of them owned me yet, so 'sir' was the proper term.
"Roughly how many times have you been fucked in your life?"
"Ten times, sir."
"Only ten times?"
"Yes, sir."
"Does that include sucking them off and taking them in the ass?"
"No one has taken my ass, sir. That includes twice when I went down on guys, sir."
"Shit. Not a virgin, but still barely broken in."
"All right, gentlemen. Let's sit down and see who really wants to buy this item."
I stood there as they went off to one side and began negotiating for my purchase. They were told my debt was around $50,000, which discouraged three of the potential buyers. The lender wanted all their money back if at all possible. They talked low and I couldn't easily hear them, but it seemed to get heated for a while, until one man sat back with a very smug smile.
"Well, Michael, she's yours, just as soon as we receive the funds."
He pulled out his phone and began to key into it.
"I just put in an order for my bank to transfer the funds."
A phone beeped and the auctioneer looked at it.
"I have your money, so you have yourself a slave. We'll title her over to you immediately."
"Title her to my son, Josh Danforth. She's my present to him."
"Damned nice present, if you ask me."
"Take the cuffs off her. I have a leash."
My new master and the auctioneer came over. My master attached a leash to my collar, as the cuffs were removed. The other two bidders left the room.
"So she is strictly for your son?"
"Provided she pleases him. Otherwise I know I can sell her off for a good price."
"How old is your son?"
"Nineteen. About the same age as this one. Josh is shy and very nerdy. I want this one to help make a man out of him."
"And if she does?"
"She's his to use for as long as he wants."
"Very lucky boy."
"Lucky slave too. George would have had her servicing a dozen different men a day, plus using her himself."
"He'd have made his money back off her, before he used her up."
"He and his customers can be rough and skirt the limits of how a slave should be treated."
"You going to use her yourself?"
"She's for my boy, as long as he's interested in her. I have plenty of pussy available already."
"Pleasure doing business with you."
With that, my new master led me from the room by the leash. He led me through the building and out the front door. I was still naked, which embarrassed me. Still, slaves were allowed to be nude in public, if that's what their masters wanted. He led me through the parking lot to a large car. A driver got out and opened the door. Master got in, still holding the leash and tugged to have me get in.
"On the floor, on your knees, girl."
I got in the car on the floor on my knees and the driver shut the door. The windows were not tinted very dark, so anyone who looked in could see me naked, kneeling on the floor. Humiliation? No doubt, but I figured I might as well get used to being used and humiliated. Supposedly, voluntary subjugation was only until the slave paid off their debt. I'd never heard of that happening though.
My master ignored me, and I just knelt, looking down as the driver got in the car and drove us. I don't know, maybe I just had a natural submissive streak. If so, it was good because I'd have fewer problems and fewer punishments as long as I remained submissive. It took perhaps half an hour before the driver pulled into a driveway and stopped in front of what looked to me to be a mansion.
The driver opened the door opposite me and master got out, tugging the leash, so I crawled out of the car, across the floor and stood up outside. Master led me to the door to the house and we went in. We went up an elegant staircase and around to the door to a room. Master knocked on the door and we stood briefly until someone spoke.
"Yeah."
"Son, I have a present for you."
"Fuck. What now?"
Master opened the door and we went in. Sitting on the bed, with a computer on his lap was a young man. He was about 5'10", maybe 150 pounds. He was not especially muscular, and had disheveled hair and wore glasses, rumpled jeans, and a tee shirt. He looked at master, then looked at me, shook his head and scowled. He set the computer to one side.
"Son, I know you've had problems finding a girlfriend, so I decided to jumpstart that. This girl is yours, to do with as you choose, for as long as you like."
With that, master dropped the leash, turned and walked out of the room, closing the door behind him. My young master sat on the bed, first with his mouth open in amazement, then looking quite disgusted. He picked up his computer, put it back on his lap and looked away from me.
"Get the fuck out of here. I have no use for a whore, no matter how cute you may be."
I was appalled and scared. I went over to the bed and got down on my knees beside the bed.
"Please, master, don't send me away. I may not be a virgin, but I'm no whore. But if you send me away they'll make me one."
He looked at me, still scowling, then leaned toward me.
"Why should I give a shit? You're probably lying, just to get an easier gig."
"Please, master. I've only ever had two boyfriends and only had sex a total of ten times. I was late on a loan payment and they sold me into slavery."
"Sob story. Why should I care?"
"Do you like girls?"
"Yes." He said sharply.
"Do you think I'm ugly?"
"You're not ugly - not at all."
"Please let me show you how I can give you pleasure. If you say I didn't make you feel good, I'll leave. Please give me the chance though."
"If you've only had sex a few times, you don't know much more than I do."
"Maybe not, but I'd still like the chance."
"Fine. Get up here."
He set his computer on the table beside the bed. I crawled up on the huge super king size bed and moved closer to him. I was scared, but it looked like he was as scared as I was.
"So what would you do?"
I moved over to him, biting my lip as I did. His eyes seemed to get bigger as I got closer. When I got to him, I leaned forward and just lightly kissed him on the lips. He seemed shocked for a second, then opened his lips slightly. I leaned forward and kissed him again, longer this time, and he began to kiss me back.
I kept kissing him and he seemed to enjoy it and after a bit, he got slightly daring and put a hand on my side. I took his hand and put it on my breast and squeezed my boob with his hand. He made kind of a funny sound through the kissing, but continued to kiss me and kept squeezing my titty. I hoped I had him hooked at that point, but didn't want to scare him and spoil it.
As I said, at that point, I'd only had sex a few times in my short life, but was desperate to get my new master to enjoy what I could do and want to keep me around. If he rejected me, I was likely to suffer far worse treatment from others. Luckily for me, he seemed to be enjoying kissing me and playing with my breast. We kissed for a long time before he paused and pulled back, though still touching my boob.
"Are you sure this is what you want?"
"Yes, master."
"Master. Fuck."
'That is what I was told I must call you."
"If you met me out in the real world, would you have gone out with me?"
"I might have. You seem to be nice, unlike some of the other guys I've met."
"And would you have let me fuck you?"
"Not on the first date. But after a few dates, if you treated me well, I probably would have."
"I wonder about that. It would be so easy to lie."
"If you met me out in the real world, would you have asked me out?"
"You're very pretty. I'd probably have been too shy."
"That's too bad."
"We're kind of at an impasse."
"Do we have to be? We're both here. You're a boy, I'm a girl, and I'm willing."
"But it doesn't mean anything."
"It means whatever you want it to mean."
"What's your name?"
"What do you want it to be?"
"What was your name before they made you a slave?"
"Emily, master."
"Well, Emily, if I let you stay, you're going to have to call me Josh, not master. Understand?"
"Yes... Josh."
"Where are your clothes?"
"They took them from me, and never gave them back."
"I can't believe you're here beside me in bed and naked."
"And willing."
"What do you want?"
"I want you to make love to me - any way you want."
"Are you really going to enjoy what we do?"
"I hope so. Kiss me. Play with my boobs. Maybe even kiss my boobs. Touch my pussy."
"That seems to be asking me to do what you think I want."
"I'm asking you to do what will feel good to me, and please you too. Please... Josh."
I lay down on the bed and pulled him toward me. It didn't take much encouragement. He rolled on me and we resumed kissing and he played with my boob some more. After a little while, he began kissing his way from my lips, down my neck, across my chest and to my boobs. He paused and looked up at me and I smiled at him.
He took the nipple of my right breast between his lips and began to kiss and suckle at it. It almost felt like he thought he'd get milk from it. I moaned and stroked his head as he made love to my boob. Honestly, neither of my previous boyfriends had been half as nice to my tits as Josh was. After a while, he moved to the left one and gave it the same treatment.
I'd been expecting Josh to simply fuck me. Instead he was making love to me, as best he could. I think I came to one orgasm before he stopped and slid down to my pussy. I held my breath as he looked at it, then looked up at me. I nodded and spread my legs as far apart as I could. He propped himself up on his elbows and took the thumbs of both hands and spread my pussy lips.
As he did, I could see my clit starting to peek out from its hiding place. I knew my pussy was wet and he easily slid a finger in me as far as he could. I moaned and pushed my hips forward. He began to finger fuck me, which felt wonderful. He wasn't savvy enough to stroke my clit, but it didn't matter. He was touching me sexually and he seemed to enjoy it.
He brought me to another orgasm and I could feel my pussy tighten around his finger. I lost myself until the orgasm passed. As I came back to awareness, Josh still had his finger deep in me and simply was staring at my pussy. He looked up at me, as though he was uncertain as to what to do. I knew what I wanted him to do, and what I needed him to do.
"Please... Josh. Take off your clothes. Get up here and put your dick in me."
"Are you sure?"
"I'm sure. You've already made me feel better than any other guy I've been with. I want to feel you inside me, and want you to feel as good as I do."
Josh sat up and peeled off his shirt. He wasn't ripped, but was just average. He unzipped and pulled off his jeans, then sat there for a few seconds in his jockey shorts. I could see that his cock was hard in his shorts, but he looked uncertain. I smiled and nodded and he pulled down his underwear. His cock was about six inches, but even if this had been wholly voluntary, I wouldn't need more.
I held out my hands, and he put his hands in mine. I gently pulled him toward me and he got partly on me. I could feel my nipples scraping his chest. He had some chest hair, but still pretty sparse and it kind of tickled my nipples. I quickly began to kiss him and tried to move him even more on me. I guess it's weird, but he almost began to feel more like a lover than just a master that I had to fuck.
"Are you sure this is what you want?"
"I'm sure, and I can tell your cock wants this. Doesn't the rest of you?"
I spread my legs wide again and he got completely on me, though he propped up on his elbows so he didn't have his full body weight on me. I reached down and grabbed his prick, which made him moan. First I rubbed it against my pussy lips, then put it in my entrance and lifted my hips to get him at least part way in me. He eased forward until I felt his balls slapping me.
"I don't know if I should be doing this."
"Please, I want you. I want you to fuck me and cum in me."
"It still feels wrong."
"It feels right to me. Please, Josh."
He began to slowly fuck me. It seemed clear that he enjoyed it, but was conflicted about the fact that I was his slave. He closed his eyes and moved his hips back and forth. I wrapped my legs around him. I wanted him in me, for as long as he could manage. He was slow, but picked up speed as he got into it. He was never as hard or fast as my two previous boyfriends, but it was nice.
We had been kissing and touching, but that was forgotten. His only focus and mine as well, was his cock in my cunt. Was it my desperation to escape a worse situation than the one I was in? Maybe, but still somehow this felt better than I'd ever felt before. Josh was slow in his penetration, but I felt a power in it and loved the feel of his prick plumbing my depths.
He seemed almost to be in another world and that world was limited to his dick and my pussy. I half expected a virginal nerd to cum almost immediately, but he went for the longest time. For my part, I didn't want it to end. I could feel an orgasm coming on and felt waves of it running through my body. However experienced my other boyfriends may have been, they never made me cum during sex.
I could feel my twat grab his rod and try to hold it as I went over the top. That seemed to push Josh over as well, and I felt his cock twitch as he filled me with his cum. I had my legs wrapped around him and pulled him tight to me as we reached our respective heights of pleasure. As we came back to consciousness, he lay on me and I pulled him down to kiss him.
Josh broke the kiss and pulled back. "This was wrong."
"Why do you think it was wrong?"
"Sex should mean something."
"It meant something to me. It meant I was with someone who cared about me, cared about what happened to me, cared about making me feel good."
"But shouldn't there be more?"
"Like what?"
"Love?"
"There was more love in what we did than there was with either of the other two boys I was with."
"But I don't even know you. I don't know anything about you."
"And I don't know much about you except that your name is Josh and that you are sweet, kind, and tender. But I think that's a good start. Didn't you enjoy what we did?"
"Yes, but I feel like there was something missing."
"Maybe we can try to find what was missing."
"I don't just want a girl to have sex with. I want a girlfriend - someone to spend time with, someone to talk to, someone to go places with, and enjoy things with."
"I'd like to be that for you. Wouldn't you like me to?"
"Like I'm going to have a naked girl on a leash and have people think you're my girlfriend."
"Buy me some clothes. Something you'd like to show me off in, and forget about a leash. I'll go with you even without a leash."
"You'll still have a slave collar."
"I can't remove it. Maybe we could put a choker over it?"
"Is that really what you want?"
"I want to stay with you, and I'd love to be your girlfriend. Don't you like me? Don't you like making love to me?"
I still had my legs wrapped around him and his cock was still buried in my snatch, though it had been getting softer. Now I could feel it starting to get hard again. I giggled and squirmed my hips. Josh moaned and began to breathe harder. I pulled him back to me and kissed him. He kissed me back, then paused. He had a pained expression, even as his dick was hard again, deep in my pussy.
"What does it say about me that the only way I can get a girl is as a sex slave?"
"I didn't want to be a slave, and didn't want to be a sex slave. But I do want to be here with you, and I want you to love me."
"Is this love?"
"It's something. Why? Don't you like me? Don't you want to make love to me?"
I began to move my hips, which moved his prick in and out of my cunt. It didn't take long before he was moving in sync with me. Josh opened his eyes and looked at me. He had a very cynical grin and shook his head slightly, while continuing to drive his cock into me. He kissed me, and I kissed him back, I wanted to devour this man, in one sense. I wanted to make him a permanent part of me.
"So does Emily, the good girl want to be my fucktoy?"
"Does Josh, the shy guy really want a fuck toy?"
"Call me Josh other times, but when we're fucking, call me 'master'"
"Yes, master. Is master happy with my pussy? When would master like my mouth or ass?"
"We'll get to that."
He began to fuck me harder - far harder than he had the first time. It was like some sort of switch had flipped in his brain. They used to say that some men wanted a lady in the living room, but a whore in bed. Josh seemed to have flipped to that, which was fine with me. Hell, like I had any choice in the matter. I was a slave and I was his sex slave.
He began to kiss me aggressively while playing with my boobs and fucking my pussy unmercifully. There was no more sweetness, this was raw unbridled sex. As much as I loved having Josh tenderly make love to me, I loved this too. Is that weird? I don't know. I didn't want him to hurt me, but I loved having him take control and dominate me.
There was no wrapping my legs around him this time. He was pounding me and in control. Before long, he quit kissing and just focused on fucking me. As I reached another orgasm, he came in me again. This time I felt like I was really his. He took me and made me his own. As he came, he collapsed on me panting and barely able to catch his breath. After a couple of minutes, he rolled off and looked at me with a strange expression.
"I don't know what came over me."
"Did you enjoy it?"
"I felt like I was someone else. I felt this sense of power that I've never felt before. Are you okay?"
"I'm fine. I loved the sweet sex, but I enjoyed that too."
"It was like part of me came out that I never knew was there."
I leaned forward and kissed him, and he kissed me back. We kissed for a while and he stroked my boobs, which I loved. I pressed myself up against him as we kissed and he caressed my ass too. I started to move down his body and was going to suck his cock. I only got part way down before he stopped me and pulled me up to kiss some more.
"So, there's Josh and there's master. I like both of you. I hope you both like me."
"We have some things to figure out, but I want to try."
...
It was late and we fell asleep holding each other. I woke up in the morning and I was spooning Josh. He seemed to wake with a start and rolled over to look at me. He had a puzzled look on his face and he didn't pull away from me, but didn't pull me closer either. Last night, he had gotten caught up in a rush of hormones and endorphins. Some of that had waned.
"I don't know what came over me last night."
"I hope it comes over you again."
"Is that really what you want? Is that what I want?"
"If you'll have me, I want to be whatever you want me to be."
"Part of the time, I didn't want you. Part of the time, I wanted you to be my girlfriend. And part of the time I wanted you to be my whore."
"I want you to want me. I'll be your girlfriend when you need and your whore when you want. Just please let me stay."
As we lay there the door opened and Josh's father came in.
"Well, boy, I guess she managed to make a man of you. Do you want to keep her?"
I had a pleading look on my face as I whispered. "Please."
"I need clothes for her."
"She doesn't need clothes to fuck you, and being a slave you can take her out naked if you want."
"I'm getting her clothes."
"Just watch out that you don't let her think she's more than a slave."
He turned and walked out of the room, closing the door behind him. We both lay there for a minute before Josh kissed me. As we kissed, he pulled me to him and I felt his hard cock pressed up against me. I reached down and stroked his dick. He moaned and I wanted him in me again. Did it matter where? Not really, as long as he was happy.
"You had my pussy twice last night. What do you want now, pussy, mouth, or ass?"
"Pussy now. We'll get to the others. Don't worry."
I rolled onto my back, spread my legs wide and pulled him on top of me. I was already wet, and as he rolled on me, I guided his prick into my waiting pussy. He sunk deep in me and as he did, he had kind of a short laugh.
"Look who's in a big hurry."
"I want to please my master."
Josh began to fuck me and brought me to orgasm before he came in me. Afterwards, he said he needed to shower.
"I could shower with you."
"Shower with me?"
"We both need to get clean."
He led me into the bathroom, which had a shower that probably could have held four people, instead of just the two of us. He had an instant hot water supply, so we got in and he started the water. I had him wash my boobs, which he seemed to enjoy. As we showered, I bent over and shook my ass at him. He came up on me from behind with his cock already hard.
I guided his dick in my ass, though we had to take it a little easy to start. My bunghole was a bit tight but we quickly got him in me. I stayed bent over as he pounded my little ass. Honestly, I prefer him in my pussy, but I wanted to make sure he knew that I was completely available to him. It may not have been as good, but still it felt good having him in my ass.
I didn't cum from the anal, but Josh came with a gush and filled my bowels with his seed. We both stood there for a minute or so, until he was quite done and then I pulled off him. We kept washing and I washed his cock, which started to recover, even after all its workouts. I sank to my knees in the shower and took him in my mouth.
First, it was just the head of his cock, then I eased forward. Josh slumped against the wall of the shower, and I moved with him to keep him in my mouth. I can't deep throat, so I got maybe four of his six inches. I worked that back and forth which made him moan. He put his hand on my head, but didn't try to force his prick further down my throat.
He stroked my head as I bobbed on his dick. It didn't take long before he filled my mouth with his cum. As much as possible, I cleaned off his rod swallowing what he had unloaded in me. He almost seemed in a daze, leaning against the wall as I stood back up. I rinsed my mouth out, since I wasn't sure he wanted to taste his own cum, then washed his cock once more.
He finally seemed to come back to life, and grabbed me and began to kiss me with a kind of desperation. Funny, if there was anyone desperate, it was me, hoping like hell that he would want to keep me around. He settled down and we finished our shower and dried each other off. That let us have just a little more fun, though at that point, I think he wanted a rest.
Josh got dressed and then got on his computer and started looking for clothes for me. I gave him my sizes and he asked what sort of things I liked wearing. Honestly, I wanted to wear what would make him happy and asked what he'd like to see me wear. He wanted my input though, so we settled on some jeans, tops and skirts that I could mix and match, along with some sexy bras and panties.
He bought one turtle neck sweater, though it was really too warm for a sweater, because he wanted something to hide my slave collar. I figured in a few days I'd have some clothes. Money talks though and Josh had money. Before lunch I had clothes. He didn't like being reminded of the fact that I was his slave, but the collar was hard to hide.
Josh got on the phone talking to people, though I couldn't really tell what he was talking about. He spent a long time at it, then after lunch, he had me put on the turtle neck over a tee shirt and we went out. He seemed to know where he was going, though he used GPS for part of the trip. We arrived at a non-descript building and got out of the car and went in.
A receptionist took us back to an office where a very solemn looking man sat behind a desk. He gestured and we sat in chairs in front of the desk. The man seemed to scowl at me as I sat down.
"I explained what I'm looking for. This is Emily. Emily, dear, please remove the sweater."
I removed the sweater as the man scowled at me again. "Slaves are not allowed to sit in this office."
I looked at Josh and tentatively started to rise, when he gestured for me to stay. "I'm a client - a very well-paying client - and I want her to sit in a chair."
"Your father was the one who paid."
"But my father is not the owner - I am."
"What you're asking is very improper."
"I don't care what you think is proper. It's what I want."
"The collar is what identifies someone as a slave. How are people to know she isn't just a normal girl without the collar?"
"Maybe I don't want other people to know."
"And the collar is how we track a slave if they try to escape."
"And you have an implant that can do the same thing."
"The collar has a 25 to 50 mile range. The implant only reaches 2.5 to 5 miles."
"I want the collar removed."
"Slaves are most likely to try to escape the first 30 days after entering servitude."
"We're in a decent size city. She'd never make it out of the city without being caught."
"You're a fool if you think she wouldn't leave you if she had the chance."
"I think she knows that if she tries to escape, I'll sell her to George Prentiss."
The man looked at me and smirked. "That's probably who should have gotten her anyway."
"But he didn't. She's mine and I want the collar removed."
"You just want people to think you have a girlfriend and not a sex slave."
"Maybe so, but what's it to you?"
"You know I'll tell your father."
"So tell him. Call him right now. He isn't the owner, I am and that's my decision."
"Fine, then follow me - you and your slave."
The man got up and went out another door, with Josh and I following. He took us though the building to another room, where there were three men. He waved me over to the men, so I went. The men seemed kind of puzzled and looked at me with surprise.
"This client wants his slave's collar removed and an implant installed."
"We need to install the implant before we remove the collar. Take off your clothes and get on this table - face down."
I looked at Josh, who smiled and nodded. I took off all my clothes any lay face down on the table. One of the men spent some time feeling my ass before I felt a pinch on my butt. The implant was small and had just been inserted in my ass. There was a spot of blood, so he put a bandage over it. As I lay there, another man used a key and unlocked my collar and removed it.
"Do you want your slave to put her clothes back on?"
"I do."
"I'd lend you a leash, but you have no collar to hook it to, unless you'd like a non-electronic collar."
"Not necessary."
I put my clothes back on. I wasn't sure why I had to get completely nude for what they did. I guessed it was just to add a little more humiliation to my life. Most people cared nothing about the feelings of slaves, so they humiliated them whenever possible. I put my clothes on and the man who'd led us to the room led us back out again.
"I still think you're a fucking idiot."
...
When I thought about it, I realized that I was luckier than I'd have thought. At 20 years old, with no college degree and dead end jobs, what were the odds I'd ever get that debt paid off? Even though I was a slave, I was owned by someone who thought more of me than just a slave, and was trying to take care of me and be considerate of my feelings. Sure, I was Josh's to fuck at will, but that wasn't much worse than with many serious boyfriends.
Josh took me to buy more clothes and had me model them for him. I was more than happy to do that. Even modeling some lingerie was fine. Shit, the first time he saw me, I was naked and stayed that way until he got me some clothes. Since I was without a collar, people and store clerks just assumed I was his girlfriend. He was the best boyfriend I'd ever had.
As we did our shopping and things, I snuggled up close to him, even as we walked. He kept an arm around my waist, which made me feel good. I'd seen people out with their slaves. Even when the slaves were clothed, which they often weren't, the owners treated them like a possession, not like someone they cared about.
Along the way, we ran into some people Josh knew. "What the hell? Did the nerd manage to get himself a girlfriend?"
"Damn, I need to steal this cutie away from him."
"No chance, boys. I'm Josh's for as long as he wants me."
I turned and kissed Josh and he eagerly returned the kiss. He pulled me up against him and had one hand on my back as the other one ran down over my ass. He actually went over where they inserted the implant, which stung a little bit. I moaned and just kissed him harder. At first the others were struck dumb, then I heard some whoops and hollers.
"Damn, looks like this chick really made a man out of the nerd."
"Any hotter and they'll be getting it on in public."
"I'll save that for when I get her back to my place."
"Do you even know what to do with a girl like this?"
"He certainly does. He is both the sweetest and most considerate lover I've ever had, but also plenty passionate."
"You must not have had very many other lovers."
"Maybe not, but I'm very happy with Josh."
I rubbed my head against his, then kissed Josh again. I gathered that this group normally ragged on Josh for being nerdy and inexperienced. Seeing Josh with me, and not realizing that I was a slave, they began to look very differently toward him. Then again, I guess that was what Josh wanted. That was why Josh put me in some cute clothes and had my collar removed.
"Damn, dude, if you get tired of this girl, you can pass her on to me."
"Not happening man. She's mine and she's going to stay mine."
Josh held me as he talked with some of the folks. We cuddled and occasionally kissed, which some of his friends teased him about. He told them they were just jealous because they didn't have a girlfriend that cared that much about them. I learned that Josh was an engineering major at the college I'd attended, and I told them I was a business major who dropped out for a while when her parents died. After a while, his friends pulled Josh away from me. One of the women there began to talk to me.
"It was kind of a surprise seeing Josh show up with a girlfriend. No one ever thought he'd get his shit together enough to chase a girl and catch her."
"Maybe I chased him and caught him."
"Particularly interesting because of a rumor I heard."
"What was that?"
"I heard Josh's dad was buying him a sex slave."
"I guess now he doesn't need to do that."
"Interesting that Josh should show up with you right after I heard that."
"Do you think I'm a slave?"
"I don't know. I'm just suspicious."
"Don't slaves all have slave collars?"
"I thought they did."
"Do I have a slave collar?"
"No, but - "
"And don't slaves have to address their owners as 'master'?"
"They're supposed to."
"And yet I call him Josh, not 'master'."
"That is surprising."
"And have you known of anyone with a sex slave who treated them the way Josh treats me?"
"I don't really know people with sex slaves."
"So all you have is a rumor that coincidentally came out about the time I started seeing Josh."
"Why would you have any interest in the likes of Josh?"
"He's sweet, kind, and nice to me. He does things for me. My parents died and I didn't have much money."
"Maybe you should latch onto Tom. His family has ten times the money of the Danforths."
"It's more than the money, it's how nice he is. I intend to stay with Josh for as long as he wants me."
"I'm not sure what the fuck you are, but I think I'm jealous of what you and Josh have."
"I think I'm lucky to have found Josh."
Josh came back over about that time and we hugged and spent time kissing. I like kissing Josh and he seems to like kissing me. He ran his hands down my back and on my ass again. I pressed my body tight to his and squirmed against him. I could feel his cock getting hard through his pants and I wanted to feel that cock back inside me again, wherever he wanted it.
"Let's get something to eat, Emily. Then maybe we can go back to my place and have some fun."
"Let's have fun until we pass out from exhaustion."
"That sounds wonderful."
We said our goodbyes to the group, most of whom still seemed amazed by it all. I could see a few of the girls who seemed jealous of me, while most of the boys were jealous of Josh.
...
We had a nice leisurely dinner at the best restaurant I'd ever eaten at in my life. Josh's family was well known and even though we were both under the drinking age, they gave us each a glass of wine. We stopped at one, though they'd probably have given us more, because Josh was driving and didn't want to be drunk. We got back to Josh's home, and no sooner got in the door, before we were met by Josh's father.
"You fucking idiot."
"Nice to see you too, dad."
"This girl is a fucking sex slave."
"Really? I'm shocked."
"You're treating her like she's your god damned girlfriend."
"Terrible isn't it?"
"You even had her collar taken off. Do you think she's not going to try to escape and get away from you just as soon as she can?"
"I think she knows she has a pretty good gig here."
"I should take her and sell her off to a damned whore house."
"But I'm her owner, not you. And I don't want to get rid of her."
"Slave - I know you're going to try to escape."
I looked down and tried to be deferential. "Master, what would happen if I tried to escape? I still have a tracking implant in my bottom, and a slave tattoo on my ass. I'd be always on the run. Always scared of being caught. Always knowing that if I did get caught that Josh would let you sell me off. Why would I do that when your son has given me genuine affection and a nice life?"
"Son, you can get a real girlfriend, and just use this thing whenever you want to get off."
"This 'thing' as you put it, is Emily. And she's opened up things to me that I never knew."
"You can still fuck her, but you don't have to get emotionally attached to her."
"I appreciate you getting me Emily. She's the best thing that's ever happened to me. But I'm going to 'use' her the way I want to, not the way you think I should."
Josh's dad stomped away, still very angry. Josh took my hand and we went upstairs to his room. We closed the door and Josh kissed me and caressed my back and my ass. I melted into him as we slowly worked our way over to the bed. We fell over on the bed, still kissing and touching, with Josh now fondling my boobs through my clothes.
"What does my master want?"
"I want your boobs, I want your mouth, I want your pussy, I want your ass, I want every inch of you."
"It's all yours. Whatever you want, whenever you want, for as long as you want."
"Let me start with your boobs"
I unbuttoned my blouse and Josh eased it off my shoulders. I had a lacy black bra that he bought me which only barely covered my nipples. He pulled down the cups, exposing my nipples, then bent down and took a nipple in his mouth. He sucked on it, then nipped it with his teeth. It hurt a little, but it was a good hurt.
I reached behind me and unhooked my bra and let it fall forward. He squeezed and caressed one boob, while kissing, licking, and nibbling on the other. There has been little in my life that could compare with Josh's adoration of my breasts. He switched back and forth between them, making them tingle and making me so glad I had boobs for him to enjoy. He brought me to one orgasm and I wanted to return the favor.
"Master, please let me suck your dick."
"Is that really what you want?"
I answered by sliding down his body and unzipping his jeans. He lifted his hips and I pulled off jeans and boxers in one smooth movement. His cock was in its full glory, standing straight up and almost begging for me to put my lips on it. There was a drop of precum on the tip and I stuck out my tongue and licked it from the end. His prick twitched, and for just a second I thought it was going to cum from just that.
I quickly engulfed the head of his dick in my lips. I kissed and sucked on the head as Josh moaned and moved his hips under me. I took more and more of him in my mouth, until I almost choked on his cock. Then I eased it back out slowly, before quickly swallowing it again. I began bobbing up and down on his member. Maybe it wasn't as sweet and tight as my pussy, but I wanted him to savor it.
"Oh god, Emily. Don't stop. Please. That feels so wonderful."
I was fucking his cock with my mouth, almost as fast as he fucked my pussy. I could taste more precum as I did, and tried to lick it from the tip as I pistoned on his wang. I could feel his body stiffen under me, and he put his hand gently on my head. I wanted and needed to bring him over the edge. Very quickly, he gasped, then his cock exploded in my mouth, filling it with more cum than I knew a man had.
I pulled back enough to let me swallow his jizz, and slowly worked his prick back out of my mouth, licking it and sucking it clean as I went. I reached the head of his dick and gave it special attention, licking and sucking to try to get every drop of his seed. I even used my tongue to try to get in his tiny slit to get the last drop or two of his cum.
As I pulled back, I saw that Josh had taken off his shirt. I quickly doffed my jeans and panties and came back up. He kissed me and I knew he could taste his cum in my mouth. Even after swallowing, I could still taste him. That didn't seem to bother him and we spent quite a while just kissing, along with him alternating between caressing my boobs and fondling my ass.
Before I even knew what was happening, Josh slid down my body and stuck his tongue in my pussy. I felt something like an electrical surge going up my body. He began to lick my cunt like it was the most wonderful thing he'd even tasted. I could tell my clit was starting to peek out and he licked that too. Neither of my previous lovers had gone down on me, and I never knew it could feel like this.
"This is wonderful, but you don't have to do this."
"I don't have to. I want to."
"I'm here to give you pleasure."
"And now I'm giving you pleasure."
He dove back into my nether regions. He kissed my pussy lips, then licked them. He sucked on my clit, which was almost too sensitive for the attention. He stuck his tongue farther in my pussy than I realized a tongue could go. I'd had guys finger me, but never felt anything like this before. Then he stuck a finger deep in me while continuing to lick. He fucked me with his finger until I came so hard I almost blacked out.
Before I knew it, he was kissing me again, and I could taste my pussy on his lips, mingling with the taste of his cum on mine. I reached down and felt that his cock was hard again. I wanted him inside me, but could not get him to roll on me. So I managed to roll Josh on his back and got on him. I grabbed his prick and guided it in my love tunnel.
As I rode him, he began to play with my boobs, so I lifted my upper body so he had full access to both of them. He tweaked and played with the nipples as he fondled my breasts while I drove his cock deep into my cunt. It was crazy. Nothing with either of my previous lovers compared with what Josh was doing to me, and yet until yesterday, he had been a virgin.
I felt one of his hands slide down and stroke my ass. Then his hand went down the crack of my ass cheeks until he got to my back door. I felt him slip a finger in my bunghole as I continued to fuck him. That drove me to fuck him even harder and faster. His finger in my ass, along with his dick in my pussy, and his hand massaging a boob all came together in the best orgasm of my life.
Even as I came, I kept fucking him until he pulled me tight to cum in my pussy. I collapsed on Josh, drained by the intensity of it all. I felt him kissing me but I could barely even manage to kiss him back. After awhile, he rolled me off him but continued to kiss me and stroke my body. I was drained - full of his cum, but empty of all energy.
"Emily, that was wonderful. Thank you."
"I can't imagine sex feeling any better than what we just had."
"I feel weird - conflicted about being your master - your owner. Yet when we're in the middle of fucking, it feels right."
"It feels right to me too, and if it feels right, how can it be wrong?"
"I want you to stay with me - forever."
"I'm yours - literally and figuratively, for as long as you'll have me."
"When my dad walked in here last night with you, I felt contempt for you and for what you represented. I just saw three holes to fuck, and I needed more than that. But you've given me more than that."
"When I was enslaved and sold, I thought my life was over. I was just going to be a thing that men used to get off. Instead, you've given me a whole new life, and a better one."
"You've given me a better life too."
We talked a while, pledging undying devotion. Eventually we curled up together. Josh spooned me and we fell asleep that way. Where will my life with Josh go? I have no idea, but I could never have predicted what happened so far. I know a slave can't marry a free person, though I'd marry Josh if he wanted and there was any way. Maybe down the line he can have my contraceptive implant removed and I can have his babies. We'll just have to see what tomorrow brings.