I'd like to thank you all for the reception this story has been given. Glass Houses is a retelling of my first erotic story I post years ago on another site. To the best of my knowledge that version is no longer out there, but if this seems familiar, you might have run into it back then. All mistakes are mine. All people, places and institutions are made up, this story in no way reflects reality and any similarities to it are coincidental. Enjoy.
*****
Chapter 03
Misty's side of the bed was empty when I woke up Sunday morning, but the smell of fresh brewed coffee and bacon frying was a pleasant indicator that our life together wasn't over. Rolling out of bed, I grabbing the old pair of sweats I'd started throwing on for trips to the bathroom since Sarah had come to stay with us, Misty and I both preferring to sleep nude, and after a quick stop to relieve myself, I went in search of her.
I found both Misty and Sarah busy working on the breakfast. Misty setting a plate of bacon next to a bottle of syrup on the table, looking very sexy in an old long sleeve flannel shirt she had stolen from me after our first night together. She always wore it to cook breakfast, claiming her robe was too hot. I knew the real reason was because the first time I'd found her in it cooking me breakfast, I'd followed her around the kitchen trying to cop a feel of her tits and begging her to bend over so I could see her beautiful ass.
Misty is a runner, with a tight muscular five foot nine frame. Frankly, she has the ass and legs to make a Vegas show girl jealous. The only thing soft about her body are her C-cup tits. But by calling them soft I don't mean they sag, far from it, just that I love the way they feel in my hands. Her hair color varies with her whim, I never know if I'm coming home to a platinum blond or a fiery red-head, lately she's been sporting a blue-black asian cut that makes her look goth if she's not careful what she wears. I think it's one of my favorite looks.
Sarah was at the stove flipping pancakes, and I was more than a little thankful that she was wearing the thick bathrobe Misty had given her. It was at least some help buffering the memory of her pale body. If she'd been dressed like Misty after last night, I don't think I could have stayed in the room.
"Everything smells great in here," I said, leaning close to my wife and brushing her cheek with my lips while giving her a light smack on the ass. She was wearing the flannel after all.
She bumped hips with me and said, "Out of the way Mista, I got customers ta serve." affecting a really bad Brooklyn accent.
I grinned at her and dropped into my usual seat, watching as she poured a cup of coffee and brought it to me. Then went to check on how Sarah was doing. She seemed to be her normal self, smiling and playful, there was no sign of the hurt person I'd found sitting on the car the night before. I only prayed that it was real, the idea that I might have done permanent damage with my stupidity, well I just didn't want to think about that.
The cup of coffee smelled good, so I sipped at it as they came to the table, Misty loaded down with three glasses, a gallon of milk and a tub of margarine, while Sarah had a platter heaped with enough pancakes to feed six.
"Any plans for the day?" I asked as I grabbed the top two cake and dropped them on my plate.
"Oh yeah, I've got a long honey-do list for you today." Misty said, slathering margarine over her cakes, she's the only person I'd ever met that didn't use any syrup or jam on her pancakes. Just copious amounts of butter. "The weather's turning, so I figured this would be a good day for you to tackle the tree and get the swamp cooler ready." I groaned and tried to give her my version of her puppy dog look, but she just grinned at me.
Tackling the tree meant cleaning up after the hundred year old Silver Maple in our front yard. This towering behemoth while quite beautiful, was the bane on my life. It dropped limbs that ranged from twigs to car crusher all year long, and the leaves were a month-long battle in the fall, while the damn grasshopper-wing-shaped seeds not only coated and stuck to our vehicles, they plugged up the down spouts and gutters on the roof line.
I'd called in a tree remover once, to see how much it would cost to take it out. At two thousand dollars, not including the stump removal, and the possible damage to the house, I decided to live with it. That didn't mean I liked it though.
"OK." I said, knowing I'd be doing things her way for a while. "But I've been watching down at Wallyworld for the cooler pads to come in and haven't seen any."
"I was figuring on taking a run to the mall anyway," Misty said, referring to the Singletree shopping mall in the next town over. It was a forty-five minute drive but she made the trip at least once a week. "I need to do a few things there, so I could swing by the home depot while I'm in town too."
I knew what things she had to do there, and wondered what color her hair would be when she got home.
"If your going to the depot, you might as well pick up some drywall, they sell quarter sheets there and I'll finish the bathroom." I said it as casually as I could, then glanced at Misty as I bit off some bacon, hoping she would take my offer as a promise to behave. Besides, that hole in the wall had to go, it was like one of those sirens of the sea, calling me to my doom.
Misty took her time swallowing what she had in her mouth, then finally looked at me. "I think that can wait for a while." she said, "There are plenty of other things I want done to keep you busy."
A little startled she hadn't jumped on my offer to close the hole, I wondered if maybe she had actually enjoyed what had happened.
"I was thinking about putting up a doe boy pool for the summer," Misty went on, "with Sarah here, I thought it would be a good way to stay cool and have some family fun. So keep an eye open for those down at Wallyworld too."
I thought about that for about two seconds before the idea of family fun got twisted into something that was giving me a bit of a chubby. Then shook myself out of it and nodded at her. "That sounds like a plan."
At my agreement, Sarah gave a little squeal and clapped her hands, excited by the idea.
"I don't suppose I'll be getting any help with the gutters then," I said with a sigh.
"Sarah can help you, I wouldn't be climbing any ladders today anyway." Misty told me with a grimace and a rueful grin. "I'm sore this morning for some reason."
I glanced at Sarah to see if that had gotten passed her, but she was suddenly fighting the hick-ups. One hand over her mouth, eyes wide and cheeks flushed as she looked at the ceiling, it was cute.
***
Sarah almost choked on a bite of pancake when she heard Misty make the comment about climbing ladders, remembering the way Samuel had used her the night before. She managed to swallow it, but ended up with the hick-ups. To make it worse, he was watching her and grinning, and she knew her face was probably beet red.
Jumping up, she went to the sink and got a glass of water, thankful that it did the trick for once as the hick-ups stopped. Looking back at the table, she couldn't help checking out Samuel's naked chest. She'd caught glimpses of him shirtless once or twice as he went to and from their bedroom to the bath, but this was the first time he'd come shirtless to the table and after seeing another rather interesting part of him the night before, she'd been finding it hard not to stare.
Finding that the two were still planning their day and not looking at her, she took her chance to really check him out. She'd thought he was handsome from the first time she saw him at the bus station. He had gray-green eyes and sandy hair, and a nice mouth that always seemed to be smiling. After seeing his penis though, there was a different man sitting there now. Before he had been someone safe, someone she wouldn't have thought twice about sharing a dance with. Now what she imagined wasn't nearly as safe.
He looked like he'd do just fine out in the fields too, with a flat stomach and his chest and shoulder heavy with muscle. His arms looked strong to her, like they could pick her up and toss her over a shoulder. There was a line of curly hair running up his stomach to spread out across his chest, stopping just short of covering his nipples. All in all, she decided he was more than a little handsome, and had to spin away quickly when she realize her right hand had been inside her robe, playing with her left nipple while she was looking at him.
The notion of spending the afternoon alone with him wasn't helping her state of mind any either. She recited a couple of psalms trying to settle herself, then returned to the table, hoping she didn't look as flushed as she felt. The conversation fell off after that, as they all concentrated on finishing their breakfasts. And Sarah volunteered to clean up the mess while Misty got ready to go.
Try as she might though, Sarah couldn't completely suppress the beast that had been set loose the night before. Nor could she shake a desire to try and tease Samuel while she was helping him. She finished cleaning up just as Misty was driving off, then retreated to her room, feeling shaky inside at the idea of dressing to tease a man for the first time in her life.
She jumped into the shower for a quick one, pausing only when she got to soaping her now smooth womanhood. She couldn't believe how much more aware she was of the whole area now that it was hair free. She had almost come to hate herself down there as the hair had grown in. Especially when she caught a glimpse of one of the other girls that had a pretty little patch of hair there. Now she not only liked how it looked, it seemed to rub against everything, keeping her in a constant state of agitation.
In fact, washing it felt so good she spent a little extra time at it, until she felt a pleasant tingle roll through her body. Then she rinsed off and got out, she had an outfit to select.
After blow drying her hair and brushing it out, she padded over to her dresser and opened her panty drawer. Misty had bought her several skimpy bra and panty sets that she hadn't so far had the guts to actually wear, but she was thinking one would be a good place to start now. She fished them out and looked at them, they were only bikini cut, not thongs, but they seemed so much wickeder than what she normally wore. Two sets were in solid greens, Misty saying they would suit her coloring, but the other was the one she liked. It was white with little yellow smiley faces all over it.
Slipping into the panties, she picked up the bra and stepped over to the mirrored closet door to inspect herself. The transformation startling her, she looked like a gentile. Forgetting the bra for the time being, she stared at her reflection, fingering the tiny bit of cloth that covered her, and realizing she could see her own shape molded into the fabric. Just as she could feel them hugging tightly against her skin. She would never let herself become hairy again, Misty had been right about that.
Turning so she could see her bottom, she went up on her toes in delight with the way they looked there too. They weren't loose and formless like her regular ones, these clung to her like a second skin and at least half her seemed to be exposed by the cut, making her feel terribly wicked and alive.
Hurriedly now she settled herself into the bra, wanting to see the whole picture. The bra was cut skimpier than what she normally wore also, and it felt like her nipples were right on the edge of peeking out of it, while it seemed to pushed her breasts up and in, making her cleavage almost obscene. Overall, she loved it and twisting to see herself from different angles, wondered If she could find a swimming suit like it now that they were going to have a pool.
To finish off her outfit, she chose a denim skirt, knee-high white socks and a loose-fitting white v-necked t-shirt, all clothing that would have caused a scandal back home. And after tying her sneakers, she returned to the mirror to see the results. Strangely comforted by the gentile that looked back at her. Turning and looking in the mirror over her shoulder, she slowly bent at the waist like she was going pick something up wondering just how daring she could be in the short skirt, and blushed when she saw her panties before she reached the floor.
Turning, she repeated the performance facing the mirror, and as she leaned forward the v-neck opened up, giving her an easy view of her bra encased breasts. Thinking about Samuel's bare chest at breakfast, she quickly shed the bra and tried it again with a shiver. This time the view she got was of her bare breasts, the little nipples getting hard just from the idea of bending down in front of him like that.
Her whole being abuzz with sinful excitement, she left the room in search of her quarry.
***
Misty was glad that Sarah had agreed to stay home, she needed some time to think about what had happened. She'd been stunned to find Samuel peeping on Sarah. When she first found him she was puzzled by what she saw, why was he against the house like that? Then there was concern that he was hurt or something, but then she had seen his cock. He had her cock out, and as usual the mere sight of it made her mouth water and her cunt wet. But why was he out here stroking it?
It was when she stepped closer that she saw the hole and realized what he was up to. Her first instinct was to get him away from Sarah, it didn't matter that there was a wall between them. So she had shoved him, needing him to stop what he was doing. Then a need to know if Sarah was okay took over and she had looked through the hole herself.
Nothing could have prepared her for the sight that met her eye. Sarah was bent over, sliding her panties down her smooth legs. Her ass cheeks spread wide by her position revealing a tiny red sphincter above the hair covered peach pooching out from between her thighs. She had to admit to herself now that it had turned her on, that seeing that sweet ass through the hole Samuel had made, had change how she saw Sarah in an instant and in that same instant she understood what had made Samuel look.
It was when she felt how wet she'd gotten and that her nipples were not only hard but aching, that she'd realized she had to get in there. Looking through the hole might have been enough for Samuel, but she wanted to touch her. Then Sarah had turned, and she saw that bush, the memory of it made her wince now, fighting a laugh. It had looked like a toupee, the poor girl, it had to go, and she'd known instantly it was her way to get close. No girl could be happy with that rug.
She had wanted to run in there, but there had also been Samuel to deal with. She had looked at him and found she didn't care what he did, her own need had been urgent and looking at him right then left her feeling a little dead inside. Then she remembered his cock being out. He'd tried to hide that, and it made her want to punish him. So she had warned him about cumming, she didn't care if he used the hole, but he didn't deserve to cum. Thinking back on it now, she had to admit she was surprised he had refrained, and she felt herself soften a bit towards him for that.
She was driving the old highway and the traffic was light as usual. She always preferred going this way, even though there was the chance you could get stuck behind a tractor doing ten miles an hour. That risk was what kept the traffic down so she figured it was worth it.
It wasn't just what Samuel had done that was bothering her though, it was what had woken in herself that had her worried. He was just being a man and she knew it was more that he had tried to do something without her, to hide it from her that hurt. Even as she had to admit that there wasn't a chance in hell that she would have gone along with it, if he had come to her and explained before hand.
No, it was the wanton need she had rediscovered in herself, that frightened her. She didn't want it, she had been taught a hard lesson early in life, and she feared the idea of repeating it, but worse than that, was her fear that she would forget it. If Sarah had insisted on coming with her today, Misty was afraid she would have done something they both would have regretted. Even now, thinking about that smooth little cunt had her panties drenched. Had her craving some kind of release.
Dropping a hand to her shorts, she rubbed herself. Squirming as she mashed the material against her swollen clit and rubbed it back and forth. She thought of rubbing Sarah's virgin cunt with the gel, and it was a virgin cunt, she had seen Sarah's cherry. She had spread her lips while shaving her enough to see the delicate membrane still intact. She thought about the way Sarah had panted and shivered under her hand and just rubbing her shorts wasn't enough.
It was the chance of getting caught that made her do it, started her opening the buttons of her shirt. She didn't have a bra on today, she actually only had a few, a couple of sports ones she wore running and a couple of lacy ones to entice Samuel, but generally she didn't like being that confined. So as she spread the shirt her girls came out for all the world to see. Rolling both front windows down, she sat tall in the seat as the wind whipped over her sensitive nipples, almost hoping for another car to come by.
When she did see another car, it was waiting on one of the crossroads for her to pass. And having worked herself up to an almost feverish need, she made sure to turn so the driver would have a good view of her tits as she went by. Male or female, it didn't mater right then, as long as somebody saw her.
She watched the car pull out behind her in her rear view mirror, feeling quite excited and proud that she had actually flashed someone, then she saw the red lights start flashing on the cars dash and realized it was a sheriff car. When she heard the siren scream, she came. Her pussy started gushing even as she grabbed the two halves of her shirt together and pulled over on the shoulder.
Trying to ignore the pulsing in her cunt, she put the car in park and started trying to button up her shirt, all the while watching the deputy pulling in behind her. She was shaking so hard and so distracted by it all, that she only managed to button the bottom one before he was at her window.
He stood there looking down at her for a long moment, his mirrored glasses hiding his eyes. He was an older deputy, probably close to retirement from the gray in his hair and his wrinkled face. His frame was skinny with a beer gut and he had gnarled hands. She tried to think of something to say, but what she had done had been so blatant, that no excuses came to mind.
He asked for her license and stood there silently staring as she fumbled it out of her wallet one-handed, holding her shirt together with the other, then only glanced at it for a second before handing it back. "I'm going to need you to step out of the car Mrs. Kauffman." He finally said, moving back so the door had room to open.
Really starting to feel scared now, Misty climbed from the car, still clutching at her shirt.
"Step this way." He said, indicating behind her car and toward the shoulder. She walked and he steered her until they were standing even with his front passenger door.
"Place your hands on the roof of the car." He told her.
The realization that she was in real trouble was sinking in for her now, tying her insides in knots as she complied with the deputy.
"Step back one step and spread your feet out." He told her, and she felt him step in close behind her after she obeyed. "That's good, stay just like that."
She felt very vulnerable the way he had her standing, and when he started running his hands along her sides she couldn't help letting out a gasp. She looked down and saw that her shirt was gaping open, her tits hanging plainly in her view. Then his hands were there, sliding up and around to lift her breasts. She bit her lip as he started kneading them, his gnarled old hands looking strange and wrong against her smooth skin, but they felt good too.
He pinched her nipples and pulled at them, making her cunt scream with renewed need. And as she felt one of his hands slide down across her stomach, he stepped up against her. She held her breath as she watched the hand slide into the top of her shorts, her legs threatening to buckle as he forced it deeper and she felt it cup her.
"You're doing fine Mrs. Kauffman." He breathed in her ear, as he slipped one then two of his fingers into her, curling them up and sinking them deep.
She groaned and pushed her ass back against him, feeling his gun belt against her lower back as he started dry humping her while pumping his fingers up into her soaked vagina. It was too much, she collapsed against the car, his body pressing her to it as she shook through an orgasm that took her breath away. His fingers continuing to pump into her until she begged him to stop, unable to take any more.
She was so out of it, she didn't even realize he had cuffed her hands behind her back until he used her elbows to pull her away from the car. There was no fight left in her at that point though, so she let him walk her to the back door and backed in to sit on the seat at his direction once he opened it, resigned to being arrested.
But he didn't tell her to get the rest of the way in, instead he stepped up between her legs and opened his zipper. Feeling a new tingle of fear and anticipation, she watched as he freed his cock from his pants. Looking at it in wonder once it was in front of her face. It was the first uncut penis she had ever seen in real life, and at three and a half inches stiff, she thought it was cute. She had to fight back a giggle when it occurred to her that it looked like a cowled Yoda.
"You do a good job on me and I'll take those cuffs off and leave you here with a warning." He told her, holding her by the hair and pressing the little Jedi to her lips.
Not seeing where she had any choice and really more than a little thrilled with the whole episode, Misty opened her mouth and took him in. It was the smallest cock she had ever had in her mouth and she was surprised that she rather liked the size. It let her really feel the whole length of him on her tongue, the foreskin was strange, something new to explore.
The old deputy's precum was sweet too, she found she got a nice taste of it every time she ran her stiffened tongue against the end of it. She was wishing her hands were free so she could rub her cunt and play with his balls when she felt him squirt the first shot into her mouth. Startled, she jerked back a bit, loosing him and his next shot hit her neck then a couple more landed on her tits. She stared at his cock, the head half out of its hood as the last of his cum started dribbling out, then looked up at him and showed him what she still had on her tongue. Rolling it around till she was sure he knew she had some, then swallowing it and grinning at him.
He grinned back at her and said, "That'll do." Then pulled her to her feet and took the cuffs off her. Cupping her right breast one more time, he gave the nipple a quick suck before shutting that door and walking around to his.
"Drive safely now Mrs. Kauffman." He said as he climbed in and put the car into gear.
Misty stood there beside the road, her tits covered in cum and watched him drive away, already talking on his radio. She wondered who he was telling with a last little thrill, then headed for her own car.