This can be read as a stand alone story but greater depth in the history, journey to the grand final and side events can be gained from reading the full series.
Seed 10 Xuan Nguyen (Vietnam) versus Seed 29 Nga Nguyen (Vietnam)
On the surface a one-sided contest; the experienced world ten and seed ten versus a newcomer twenty-nine seed. But I liked watching Vietnamese women sexfight and with the winner needing to draw 3 cums in a row without cumming herself in that time maybe wouldn't be over quickly. Plus, I had seen Xuan compete in Bangkok and the quiet, petite attractive 45 was a like both a tiger and a vicious snake when she competed and worse when she won. Very few who "enjoyed" the 24 hours victory rites she insisted on in non-official bouts were the same when they met again. In Xuan's 24 hours of victory ownership of an Indonesian Dewi, she had so brutally fucked Dewi that she had both torn her cunt walls and perforated her bowels, causing a reaction similar to a burst appendix, and hospitalized her for 2 months.
Every Vietnamese woman is not a sexfighter, but all are competitive as women. Visit a Vietnamese wedding. Their heads are constantly swivelling, digesting and evaluating the other women; waiting for a chance to be noticed themselves or at Karaoke, dancing or pushing forward, or in a group photo striving to be the centre of attention while forcing another to the back. Especially valued are those weddings that have a best-dressed contest. Looks, clothes and jewellery are all paraded. So tonight, Xuan didn't just want victory, she wanted to be judged as the better woman before they started especially as the other woman was a Vietnamese newcomer she did not know. The two entered the hall and preceded to the stage their eyes seeking, finding, and dissecting their opponent.
The two Vietnamese approached the stage, both trying to be second knowing that the audience applause subconsciously would be louder in their desire to get the event underway. Xuan paused with an admirer to shake hands both forcing Nga to enter the stage and ensuring half the crowd was watching Xuan who bent so her split dress opened showing the full length of her leg and flashes of her naked cunt. This was what the closed-circuit TV watchers and half the audience saw: not Nga's entrance. Reaching the stage, she condescendingly motioned for the crowd to applaud Nga, and a polite ripple quickly died as the crowd now wanted action, not applause. I was watching a consummate professional in action.
She smiled warmly at the audience. "Welcome to the Big Time, looser" she hissed quietly enough so the audience did not hear: the smile never leaving her face. Suddenly music blared as prearranged by Xuan. She tossed her mane of soft permed hair back and the 45-year-old, 84 pounds, 5ft 1 32B 23 30, sexily gyrated to the beat of the music on her five-inch heels. Her black crepe dress was skin tight around her arse and had a split on the left that started about level with her hip and at the ending point, mid-calf was ten inches wide. She finished legs wide apart arms upraised and her 23-year-old daughter Loc, a coarser, younger version of her mother (and the other member of the team undefeated in team sexfighting in Bangkok for the past five years and internationally for four) moved forward to remove her mother's flimsy dress.
But before she could Nga had stepped in front of Xuan blocking the audience. One year older than Xuan and just as young looking and attractive she had spent, as had Xuan, over an hour in the hands of a make-up artist before the event. Her tight black skirt was just above the knee and she undid the hidden front seams and removed a front panel. She widened her stance till she stood legs apart with the front of the skirt open to the waist and yet the remainder still moulded to her by invisible to the eye, transparent elastic.
There she posed for everyone to see: a jacketed 46-year-old, 5ft 4, 34C 25 33, 95-pound Vietnamese woman, her body proudly presenting her now revealed black stocking legs, garter straps and transparent black butterfly-shaped thong. As the crowd rose in applause she turned to Xuan, "I learn quick, bitch."
Gritting her teeth in frustration Xuan continued and her daughter Loc removed the camisole from her mother to leave her totally nude. Despite being a 32B she had one of those body types that some would argue was too skinny, but slight was perhaps a better word. All her slimness did was show off her small but firm tits. Even at forty-five, she was still high-breasted, with nipples that stood out even when not aroused. And now as the camera zoomed in on her she aroused them to their full size. So firm were her tits that even aged 45 her nipples still pointed up at an angle of about 15 degrees.
"Match that slut," she hissed.
Nga undid her jacket. No blouse, just her tits supported by an undercut bra. Larger natural 34Cs, not quite as firm as Xuan's but in better shape than most 20 years old's. She rubbed her nipples and they swelled not reaching the length of Xuan's but they were noticeably thicker than Xuan's.
As an aside, I've always been intrigued by the size of Asian women's nipples, usually far bigger than what you expect and bigger than those of the average westerner, and I believe it's because they have had larger families more recently than Westerners and evolution has not yet rendered large nipples as unnecessary.
The two strutted around to the music manoeuvring for the best position till they wore only garter belt stockings and high heels. There was a slight victory for Xuan as she wore nothing under her skirt except her garter belt and stockings, while Nga had to remove her black butterfly thong. They showed their assets, Nga cradling her larger tits and emphasizing her longer legs, Xuan concentrating on her firm tits with their long erect bullets and her trim waist.
Xuan showed her experience by moving to Nga and placing her tits against Nga's. Sure enough, the camera operator, paid in advance, zoomed his lens in to show Xuan's nipples resting side by side with Nga's and touching her tit flesh while there was a gap between the tip of Nga's shorter nipple and Xuan's tit. Thickness was a non-issue and she followed it up by stoking her ear-sized inner cunt lips then pointed at Nga's slit with no dangling inners and laughed.
To complete the supposedly brief introduction suddenly Loc who had remained on stage removed her halter top and skirt and stood naked in front of Nga masturbating her cunt and blocking Nga from the crowd. Suddenly Nga's 24-year-old daughter Lynh rushed from the front row onto the stage and launched herself at Loc. Pandemonium, but soon order was restored, and it was agreed that while Nga and Xuan competed Loc and Lynh would settle their difference on the secondary stage.
Xuan with two fingers beckoned the naked Nga towards her. Both women engaged in a passionate embrace their bodies rubbing against each other, the kissing becoming hotter with tongues meeting in a sensual duel for dominance. Both women's breasts pressed against each other, their still hard nipples pushing into the other's tit flesh. Xuan's longer thinner nipples and firmer tits found strong resistance in Nga's slightly shorter but thicker nipples and larger but still firm tits. The higher-ranked Xuan's hard long nipples drilled into Nga's and it was Nga who was the first to break away from the kiss, letting out a long pleasurable moan.
"Oh no, slut I'm not finished with those lips yet," Xuan said as she pulled Nga back. Although most of the crowd wouldn't know what was happening, Nga like all Vietnamese was unable to lose face with another Vietnamese woman. So, she closed her lips for another kiss, feeling Xuan's tongue push hers aside and fuck her mouth as though preparing her for what was to follow. Nga started to go weak at the knees and the experienced sex fighter took control. Xuan, sensing her dominance, pushed Nga down onto her back to the nearby bed and straddled the taller woman's curved belly, and then reached for both of Nga's tits.
"Ahhhhhhhhhhhh" Nga gasped as Xuan sucked expertly on her erect nipples.
"Your soooooo easy.," Xuan cooed between nipple attacks, "soon you'll be back in Vietnam a round one loser."
Xuan continued to suck on Nga's nipples, as Nga's mouth fastened onto her hard, long nubbins. Again, it was the experienced Xuan who led the way slowly starting to kiss and lick her way down Nga's trembling body to the waiting love box. She licked, teased and sucked her wet slit, as Nga played catch up on the World number ten's love box. Nga could feel her orgasm beginning to build as Xuan continued to work over Nga's box; confident she could get her opponent to release her love honey first. Nga was totally aroused, fondling her breasts, biting down on her lip, sweat glistening all over her body, as she continued to resist the urge to cum. It was a losing battle.
"Aghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh," Nga released her first cum. Xuan moved quickly shifting her weight to bear down on Nga and restrict her access to Xuan's cunt and continued her work relentlessly. Locked in their 69 once again Xuan's tongue worked its magic.
"Noooooooooooooooooooooooo," a second orgasm was wrenched from the lower seed.
Just before she came again which would have meant a loss as she would have cum three times in a row without Xuan cumming, Xuan stiffened, jerked and spurted her first cum into Nga's mouth. So, they were back to equal, each needing three cums in a row to win the event. But Xuan quickly upped the ante fingering Nga's pussy, teasing her clit, sucking her nipples with Nga still forced into playing catch up and following suit. They continued for thirty minutes attacking each other's cunts and arse with up to 3 fingers. Xuan held the ascendancy, always close to the three unmatched orgasms necessary to win. But she couldn't put the dogged Saigon beautician away by obtaining a third cum in a row, despite having drawn two in a row another time.
Loc appeared on stage dragging Lynh by the hair. She knelt Lynh beside the entwined dominant Xuan and still resisting Nga. From the corner of her eye, Nga saw Loc start her victory rites: The Vietnamese Piss. From a distance of two inches, Loc unloaded on Lynh's face. Her fierce golden stream splattered off Lynh's skin for ten secs before she opened Nga's daughter's mouth and directed the final five seconds down the choking twenty-three-year-old's open throat.
Distracted by this Nga again only managed to avoid defeat by seconds. What would have been her third cum in a row came only five seconds after she dragged one from Xuan. But then the pendulum swung, and Nga fought back so at the hour thirty mark they were swapping orgasms but forty-five minutes later it was Xuan who was desperately fighting to drag an orgasm from the newcomer before her third in a row finished the sexfight for her as a looser.
Meanwhile, beside them, Loc was banging doggy style into Lynh with a seven-inch strap-on.
Desperately, Xuan tried everything and finally success. She speed fucked Nga's clit with her tongue while simultaneously finger fucking the beautician's arse and thumbing her cunt. As she thumbed her, she used her fingers in her arse to stroke the moving thumb through the thin membrane. Xuan drew an orgasm that seemed endless from the 46-year-old. Again, the pendulum had swung, and it was Nga who was merely holding on, staving off the eliminating, continuous 3 cums.
At the 3-and-a-half-hour mark against the run of things, Nga managed to coerce an orgasm from Xuan so strong that it enabled her to get her 4 long fingers into Xuan and start searching for her G spot.
"Eighhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh."
Xuan bucked as she came in her most intense cum of the night. With Nga in control, it didn't take long and 15 minutes an almost distraught Xuan was staring defeat in the face. She frantically spread and stiffened the 3 fingers she had in Nga's arse and hooked them and then raked them along her arse channel. Illegal, but unnoticed and effective. Nga stiffened and relaxed her cunt muscles and Xuan took advantage driving her 4 fingers into Nga's quim and palm into her cunt. She found her G spot and it was on. Both women were massaging, kneading, and probing the other's G spot as they came themselves.
They lay side by side, a hand fully inside the other, their bellies heaving, hips bucking and thrusting, sobs and whimpers escaping from their lips. At the four-hour forty-minute mark they passed the longest match time. After four hours and forty minutes, Nga was able to pull an unresisting Xuan's hand from her cunt and devote all her energies to Xuan's G spot.
"Eighhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh." Xuan came once.
Forty seconds later, "Noooooooooooooooooooooo."
Nga rolled the semi-conscious Xuan into the Filipina control position and toyed with her, eating her to nearly cumming before stopping. Bent double and restrained by Nga's body she could only accept Nga's tonguing of her inflamed raw cunt and her teasing until the final losing orgasm. Five hours and eight minutes after they started Nga put the World number ten, Xuan, both out of her misery and the championship with a third unanswered orgasm.
When Loc entered the breakfast bar the next morning, she felt a tap on the arm and the twenty-three-year-old turned around to see Nga, the forty-seven-year-old who had beaten her mother Xuan in the competition while she fucked Nga's daughter beside them.
"Your daughter challenged me, and I beat her fair and square. So, piss off."
"I'm not interested in that," Nga replied. "This is about respect and money. I want you to leave your mother and in the future team sexfight with me."
"You're joking. Why would I leave? My mother and I are the world champions and undefeated for 4 years. So, again piss off."
She turned away but was intercepted by a Japanese enthusiast who handed Loc a camera and blurted out. "Please take a photo of me with the woman who beat the champion."
"She's not the champion, Nga Trung is. She is the current World number one," Nga answered the man.
"Oh yes, she is the greatest Team sexfighter ever. World champion forever."
"What about her partner?" Nga questioned.
The man shrugged his shoulders. "I don't know her name. I think she is a niece. Anyway, she is lucky to get the champion Nga for a partner. She is a very lucky woman that one."
Loc caught up with Nga. "I'll listen."
As they walked to an eating booth, Nga said, "Respect. My partner gets equal rights. Everyone will know us equally, not the champion and I don't know her name, It will be Loc and Nga."
Sitting she crossed her legs and her wrap-around skirt separated showing her long shapely legs almost to her groin. Loc glanced at the thin blouse noticing first the nipples rising like salt and pepper shakers on a table then the dark outline of her areolae. How could she look so composed, fresh and attractive after defeating her mother, Xuan, the night before in the longest match ever in the history of the competition: 5 hours and eight minutes? Her mother was still lying in a foetal position on the bed, naked and woman juice covered, her hair matted and tangled, cramping and sobbing. Just as she had been brought in five hours earlier after her defeat by the women sitting beside her.
"Then there is the money. When I was in the International qualifying 5 months ago, I asked questions. There is a swag of wealthy teams in Vietnam who compete privately: mother/daughters, sisters, cousins, and friends willing to sexfight but not risk the Victory rites and not wanting to compete in the international scene. So, they compete for money, a minimum of USD10,000. They have their own club called the Câu Lạc Bộ Dồng Tính Nữ (the lesbian club). "
She laid a sheaf of papers on the table.
"Contracts to compete against me and my daughter. Over USD200.000 and there's more to come. "Plus," she paused and smiled, "after the communists won I survived by playing cards on the streets. The old 3 cards, follow and pick the ace trick. It's not winning that gets you money but winning so they think you were lucky and try again double or nothing. Then, when they lose are they going to tell their friends they had lost? No way. They will keep quiet, and we will be richer. Also, I believe there must be similar groups in every Asian country, and I think there is a man here who would know and for a percentage cut line us up so we will sweep through Singapore, Indonesia, Thailand and Hong Kong like a vacuum cleaner. He is an Australian accountantant, an oportunist and sleazy, but knows everything about Asian sexfighting from the upper to bottom levels.Six months. Ten per cent estimated expenses, the remainder split 50, 50. What's your mother give you now from your prize money? 40%?"
Loc shook her head and turned red.
"30%?" Nga queried.
"20?", her voice full of incredulity.
"5%," Loc mumbled, but she buys my clothes and I pay nothing for accommodation." Embarrassed, she changed the topic. "Why don't you just compete with your daughter? You'd still get the money."
"First, Nga replied, "I've studied the tapes. You are the best team sexfighter. Your mother gets the attention but you are the engine room. I'm forty-six but fresh because I had my first sexfight only eleven months ago. I'm giving it two years to become number one in the Women's Main, and then I will be only competing in the Doubles competitions. I want to be the first who is Number one in singles and doubles. I reckon I've got a minimum of ten years hopefully fifteen and that means you would be the longest run as World Champion for up to fifteen years with me and, also second-longest continuous run of four with your mother. We would be household names in the industry, but you would be a legend. Plus, do you think your mother will recover properly and be the same fighter after last night?"
Loc shook her head. "I think she won't even fight in these Doubles events."
Nga continued, "Second, I want my partner to have a sexual presence. My daughter, Lynh, is pretty, no make that is beautiful, but she lacks being a real woman. I want something else, and I see it in you. And so does your mother. That's why she dresses you in the wrong colour and style. Last night I saw the bra she buys for you. She's scared your tits look better than hers. Why you don't have a makeup artist before an event, why does she do all the interviews? She uses you to make herself look good and doesn't want you taking attention away from her. Me, I'm different. I want other women's heads to turn that fast they almost fall off to size up my partner. I want them catty jealous. I want their men staring at her and me when they are with their women, jerking off when their girlfriend is not looking. My daughter is beautiful but can't make this happen. With my help, I know you can.
Her hand rested on Loc's knee. "Plus, you know older Singapore women are the same as Vietnamese. Looks are very important. There is a kinky event held there for mothers and one of their daughters. First, it was for Singapore mothers/daughters, now it's big time. All Asians come to compete. First round teams dress sexily, second round the best ten mother/daughter couples have a nude pose down, then down to three to decide first, second and third. I want to win with you. Last year an eighteen-year-old Thai and her thirty-six-year-old mother won. Your mother and your sister, Thuyet, were second. She competed with your younger sister, not you. Did you know that?"
Loc shook her head, anger and resentment growing within her.
"It makes me so horny imagining you oiling my body in front of the crowd, me sucking your nipples huge or flicking your clit while you shave me," Nga continued. Withdrawing her hand she reached into her bag, took out her chequebook and wrote two checks and put them on the table. "I believe you're sexy. This is a cheque with three-quarters of my winnings from last night. I see the real you. Despite how your mother makes you dress. If you are wearing anything bigger than a thong return the cheque. This other cheque is for the other quarter. You can keep it if you are wet."
Loc reached across and took the larger cheque and then she picked up the smaller one and drew it to her before smiling and asking, "What would you like me wearing?"
"This," and Nga opened her split skirt revealing a minuscule black open crotch G string and matching garter strap.
"But I'm not your daughter."
"Show me your passport."
Nga took it and read, "Family name Nguyen, Given names Loc Thi. Date of birth 20/10/1999
She waved a contract in front of Loc: It had at the bottom, signed Mother N T Nguyen, Daughter L T Nguyen.
"If you don't do this, I would enter with my daughter Lynh. Lynh, Loc. Both begin with L. 90% of all Vietnamese female middle names are Thi and here is an official birth certificate."
She placed a document on the table and read, "Name Nguyen, Loc Thi, Date of Birth 20/10/1999, Father Unknown, Mother Nguyen, Nga Thi. This says you are my daughter and will be enough evidence. And here is the proof of what I have been saying. Here is the truth. My body can't lie."
Nga took Loc's hand and placed it on her cunt, spreading the butterfly thong apart with her other hand. Her slit was sopping wet, oozing love juice and Loc could feel the 46 year old's clit twitching uncontrollably. She slid her finger up the slit to the throbbing sex organ and Nga gripped the table, shook and shuddered and came in pools in Loc's palm.
Recovered she said "I would also want my daughter to share my bed. I don't care how many men she fucks, how many women she fucks but I would want her to only have emotional love with her mother, Nga."
She cut short Loc's answer and grabbed Loc's cum covered hand and stared into her eyes. "The number sticks at the Buddhist temple predicted you would come into my life. Take your time before you tell me your answer." She collected her papers and left a stunned Loc at the breakfast table.
Loc's naked black body writhed as she enthusiastically tongued Nga's long, glistening, wet pussy. Nga's face, as she came yet again, was masked with ecstasy, yet still sublimely beautiful, contorted in a grimace of nearly unbearable pleasure. The two women had been fucking for nearly 3 hours without a break since that afternoon when Nga answered her door and Loc had entered. Nga had slipped Loc out of her dress and thong while Loc filled her hands with Nga's perfect breasts, then devoured them as passionately as Nga devoured hers. Within minutes they were writhing naked together on the bed, almost unable to control their arousal. That was 3 hours ago and now they kissed hungrily, panting, yet managing to talk through their kisses.
Nga reversed positions and slid down between Loc's toned, hard thighs and slithered her tongue up into Loc's soaking ready, waiting pussy. "Oh! Anngggghh!" Loc gasped, her body clenching as yet another fierce charge of sexual excitement gripped her.
Both of them were consumed by urgent, feverish hunger, but Nga was also determined to show Loc that she could be tender and skilful as well as brutal and perverted. She slid her hands under Loc's hard round buns and began to make love to the younger Vietnamese's pussy with her tongue. She went slowly, taking five agonizing minutes to bring Loc to a state of uncontrollable need. The twenty-three-year old's body was a picture of clenching, straining, rippling, gorgeous, gleaming light brown flesh as Nga coaxed her closer and closer to another climax. Between eating her she raised her head and described to Loc how they would dress: slutty exhibitionist. But always identically, just as their slit hair would be shaven the same, their clit jewellery and tattoos would be identical. It made Loc even hornier.
"Oh God, Nga... oh God... please! Oh please!" Loc whimpered, twisting, pumping with her hips, churning her pelvis, quivering and shuddering helplessly as she approached a body-shaking orgasm. When Nga finally decided it was time, she curled her tongue around Loc's erect clit and flicked it into a fierce seizure of ecstasy. Loc arched upwards, shuddered, and exploded in a wild, convulsive fit of cumming.
"Auungghh! Oh! Oh God, Nga oh God yes! Auungghhiieee! Ohnnggmmnnggg Mother, mother!" she moaned, her cries quickly stifled by Nga's lips over her mouth and her tongue seeking the back of her throat, as her fingers worked to prolong Loc's orgasm. Arching her back and tightening her muscles, Loc came in noisy torrents. Finally, it was over, and Nga held her while she caught her breath, which took about a minute. They lay spent together, then restarted their conversation from the breakfast table.
"But Xuan will know, the documents I am your daughter are false. She will make trouble."
"Last night I not only beat your mother, but I also broke her. When I am finished in this competition I will see her and challenge her to a private fight with the maximum allowable victory rights of seven days. She can't refuse and lose face because I would spread the news she backed down, and believe me before seven days are up, she will be my sex slave and do what I want. And I want you as my daughter I enjoyed watching you fuck Lynh, and I thought you might enjoy complete ownership of my daughter."
"How can you make her?"
Nga opened a drawer by the bed. " Here are copies of genuine police files showing her and her boyfriend importing heroin. Punishable by death in Vietnam. These documents are missing but could reappear whenever I want. I repeat she would be yours, but there's no hurry as there are many different ways of killing a cat. What if Lynh's boyfriend was seduced by a totally sexy 23-year-old Vietnamese sexfighting champion? What if her boss was so infatuated with the new twenty-three-year-old mistress that he sacked Lynh? There are 69 different sexfight contests. What if a twenty-three-year-old was to contest all 69 with Lynh to please her new mother?"
"She's your daughter. What if I want to brand my ownership on her?"
"How far would you want your new mother Nga's tongue up your slit when you brand her? She would be yours to do anything to without any limits, and I would be privileged to be there and see, and if necessary, participate in, so you know and believe you are my daughter and lover."
"Second, since starting sexfighting 11 months ago I've discovered something about myself. The Japanese are right when they say, 'There's a fine line between pleasure and pain." This morning I woke up cumming dreaming about using my nails to slice through the separating membrane as I fingered a woman's arse and cunt." Part of my winnings will go to buying a house in Vientiane the capital of Laos. It's only two hours flight from Saigon, and to help the economy the Govt. has a prison that keeps political prisoners from the bordering countries of Burma, Thailand and Cambodia. For a small fee you can borrow prisoners and return them, What's the term, Dead or Alive? I believe that 2 could conduct this journey of exploring pleasure and pain on others better than just me alone."
She continued, "My grandmother was Chinese/Vietnamese and a member of a small Toaist Religious group that believed in sexual energy. They knew and believed that sex in special ways gives you more energy. They had ceremonies that increased horniness. I believe it, but most civilised people say that it is nonsense. But look at me: from no sex fights to beating your mother who is number 10 in less than a year. I followed my grandmother's advice. They even believe in certain circumstances you can take another person's sexual strength and add it to your own."
"How?" queried Loc, "I believe because I was born in the country not the city and know the power of the temples."
"Well, they say you must completely defeat someone sexually, and swallow all their cum till they are drained and dry. Then make them cum again."
She looked Loc in the eye. "You know I am going to fuck your mother this way in Vientiane.
"No, you are not. WE are going to fuck my mother together and WE are going to fuck your daughter, Lynh, together and take their sex energy."
That statement sent Nga over the edge and her cum squirted out of her covering Loc's naked body beside her. Nga reached under the bed and found the coil of rope that she had put there. Working very slowly she wrapped the rope around Loc's ankles. First, she pulled one down to the right corner bedpost and tied it there. Then, looking deep and meaningfully into Loc's eyes, she pulled her other leg wide apart and tied that ankle to the other bedpost. She did the same with Loc's wrists to the bedhead. Loc was totally trapped, her strong legs spread wide, her wet, gleaming pussy open and vulnerable. And the look in her eyes was far more complex, a swirl of sexual excitement and fear and thrilling anxiety.
Nga swarmed all over her, rubbing their naked bodies together, running her fingers along Locs 'body. Loc began to squirm and quiver.
"You're my daughter now," Nga kept whispering to her as she kissed and caressed Loc's tits and nipples. "If you think you have fucked this afternoon, wait until I've finished with you."
"Oh!" Loc gasped.
And Loc was truly a feast. Nga explored every inch of her body, kissing Loc in places where she had never been kissed before, kneading and licking and sucking her hard flesh, tonguing and sucking her thick strong nipples, breathing in her ear, and every now and then returning to her flowing pussy to tease and tongue-tickle it until Loc's back was arching, her muscles clenching, and the breath catching in her throat.
Something about all that sleek, coiled, tensile strength arching and squirming and flexing as she caressed Loc aroused Nga wildly.
"And now, I'm going to tie up the rest of you," she murmured.
The rope was very long, and there was plenty left. She began by pulling it up over Loc's shoulders, then looping it under her breasts, pulling the coils tight, but not too tight. Loc's small, hard breasts bulged, her large nipples flaring and swelling. A look of muted terror came into her eyes.
"I didn't know you were going to do that," she panted, still so sexually excited she could barely speak.
"Oh... I'm going to do much more than that, daughter," Nga said softly, alluringly, looking at Loc from beneath her eyelashes.
"Oh mother..."
Before continuing, Nga bent her head and tickled Loc's bulging, protruding, glossy hard nipples with her tongue, driving the Vietnamese crazy. Loc squirmed and whimpered. When her nipples were wet and excited, Nga proceeded to draw the rope down through Loc's crotch, then around one hip, then through her crotch again and around the other hip, trapping Loc's swollen cuntlips between the strands of rope.
Next, she crisscrossed the rope over the hard ripples of Loc's belly, finally knotting it in the small of her back. Now Loc was tightly bound, and somehow even more desirable than Nga had anticipated. She was helpless, and the look of fear mixed with compliancy in her eyes showed it.
Nga kissed her, a scorching kiss, rubbing her naked body against Loc's and the ropes. She slid downward and tongued and sucked Loc's inflamed pussy for about three minutes until Loc was writhing and groaning uncontrollably with need. She was almost where Nga wanted her. Nga slithered up and dangled her own breasts in Loc's face, letting her suck them. And Loc tried to swallow them, tearing at Nga's nipples with her mouth. When she got one between her lips, she sucked it so hard that Nga yelped with pain and excitement.
"Aiiyyee!" she cried out, feeling a sharp squirt of wild sexual pleasure surge through her body. "Oh god, you really want me to fuck you hard, don't you," she moaned.
"Yes."
"Are you going to scream? Do I have to gag you?"
"Yes!"
Quickly Nga reached under the bed again. Loc's eyes widened further as she saw the gag. "Oh god!" she said. Nga dangled it threateningly in front of her eyes. Then, slowly, for maximum effect, she wrapped the straps around Loc's head. "Open wide," she commanded.
Loc gulped as the ball filled her mouth. Her eyes watered with fear as Nga fastened the clasp. Now she was ready. Nga took both of Loc's small, throttled, bulging, hard breasts in her hands and began sucking and hinting at biting her thick, glossy nipples, doing it now more roughly, passionately than before, making Loc mewl and squirm. Next, she slipped down between the Loc's roped thighs and turned her attention totally to her entrapped, swollen, wet pussy, bulging between the two strands of rope that ran through her crotch.
With her fingers, she opened Loc's pussy lips, exposing her clit, and then began sucking and tonguing it feverishly. In a short time, Loc was thrashing and writhing, whimpering hysterically. Her strong body was clenching and straining, her sleek muscles gleaming and flexing.
When Loc's pussy was inflamed and wet and puckered, Nga could hardly prevent herself from devouring it on the spot, bringing Loc to a quick, sharp orgasm. But she knew she had to do more than that. Slowly, letting her own naked breasts brush Loc's tightly trussed body as she moved upwards, she brought her own thigh up between Loc's widespread thighs, until the skin of her leg gently brushed Loc's love juice oozing, open pussy. She manoeuvred her thigh muscle into the wet groove of Loc's pussy and drew it up and down. Loc's eyes rolled up, and she strained at the ropes, making hot, frantic gurgling noises.
She decided not to wait any longer, but to deliver the full force of her BDSM loving all at once. She dropped her mouth to Loc's tits and slid her hands down Loc's rope-bound body to the hard, round moons of Loc's arse.
In total command she moved her thigh muscle up and down Loc's groin, mashing Loc's cuntlips and clit with it, rubbing it more and more vigorously as she sucked one of Loc's big nipples into her mouth. Her fingers bit into the hard flesh of Loc's arse, and her teeth ringed Loc's nipple as she jammed her thigh up into her pussy again, and again, and again.
"Unngghh!" Loc moaned, writhing wildly, groaning and flexing as she approached her climax. "Ummggn! Auungghhhh!"
"Oh, baby... oh my daughter!" Nga panted, grabbing Loc's other nipple between her lips, her teeth, sinking them into it just as she drove her thigh harder than ever into Loc's pussy.
Loc exploded, whinnying deliriously and thrashing around, straining against the ropes as a fierce orgasm ripped through her body. But Nga was after more than one, and she swarmed all over Loc, sucking her breasts, and ramming Loc's cunt again and again with her thigh, quickly bringing on two more convulsive orgasms. Then she slid down and did what she had wanted to do earlier, devour Loc's oozing pussy with her mouth. At the same time, she fucked it with two fingers, getting them so juicy and slimy that sliding them up into Loc's arse was no problem and in another thirty seconds she had her cumming again, violently, the bed quaking under them as Loc rocked and strained through two more orgasms.
And now Nga knew she had Loc where she wanted her. "Oh my daughter, now you're really going to come hard," she thought. She knew Loc thought it was over. She had already cum massively five times since being tied, sharp, mind-blowing climaxes that left her panting from her nose, wincing and quivering as they passed. But Nga knew the big one was still there, waiting for her to bring it forth. Again, she swarmed over Loc's body, scooping up the small hard breasts in her hands, bringing her thigh up again into Loc's groin, feeling the wet cleft of Loc's pussy against her muscle. Now was the grand finale. She rammed her thigh muscle up into Loc's vulnerable pussy, fucking Loc as hard as she could, biting Loc's thick, swollen nipples at the same time, fucking her relentlessly, jamming her crotch, ramming the thigh into Loc's mashed clit over and over again.
But Loc was an undefeated sexfight doubles champion and had innate wild strength and stamina. Even though tightly bound and gagged, she pumped her hips and pushed her pussy into Nga's crushing thigh, writhing, and groaning and screaming, with long strangled moans coming from deep in her chest as Nga's teeth sank into her nipples. And when she finally came again, it really was the cataclysm Nga had been trying to bring off. She knew Loc had never again come like that in her life. Loc was strong, and she bucked and strained on the bed, nearly ripping the ropes apart. They bit into the skin of her wrists as she shuddered and flexed in wild, hysterical abandon, her body wracked by fierce, shattering spasms of cumming. Her back arched, her stomach rippled fiercely, her thighs clenched, and her pelvis shook with the fury of a stupefying rapture as she came and came, seemingly unendingly.
Finally, it was over. Loc collapsed. Nga drew herself up to the head of the bed and untied the ropes, kissing the blood away where the skin had broken. Then she unwrapped the ropes from Loc's body and untied her ankles. Finally, she removed the gag.
"That was your bonding fuck, my daughter."
Somehow Loc managed to reply, "Yes. my mother, and when we bring your daughter and my mother to Vientiane we can compete them with the loser knowing we will fuck the loser, and do that every day."
The Axis of Evil had been created.
"Of course, my daughter, and practice on the prisoners too to increase our sex."