Author: This is a change in pace and style from my Dress Off series. I thought I'd try something a bit different, while I put the finishing touches to Dress Off 6. As always, comments and PMs are most welcome. I can't directly reply to anonymous PMs, but if you'd like more - or see constructive ways to improve - then I'd love to hear from you. Thanks for reading - EC.
*****
I experimentally opened one eye, as the sound of the beeps slowly seeped into my consciousness. The room was pitch dark, with heavy curtains blocking out the night. The strange world I'd just been dreaming about began to recede away, and became increasingly difficult to focus on, as the beeps seemed to grow in their persistence.
I stretched out an arm and tried unsuccessfully to stifle a yawn in time, before the ceaseless beeping of the alarm clock finally caused me to bring a hand down on it. Fumbling around, the clock continued to beep in defiance of my best efforts, until my fingers eventually found the snooze feature, and pressed it a few times for effect.
The vividness of the dreamland I was waking up from was already fading into a patchwork of greys. In only a few moments, the real world - in all its inky-blackness, had full hold on me. I sniffed a couple of times, and then open and closed my jaw twice in an ultimately futile gesture at removing a pasty dryness from my mouth. Nothing for it, I thought to myself, time to get up. I instinctively reached for the light switch over my bed, and belatedly closed my eyes as the light sprung into life, and snuffed out any night vision I may have had.
With a couple of blinks and a muttered curse to myself, I then leaned over and gave the alarm clock my full attention.
The clock was silenced for the moment at least, and reverted to just blinking back the time at me: 4:30am.
"Middle of the night." I whispered to myself, under my breath. "Why the hell did I set the..." I didn't finish the question though. A single, overpowering image swam obediently into my memory, and that image was all the answer and motivation I needed. Rachel. That's why I'd set the clock for the middle of the night.
As my eyes opened wide, the full impact of what that meant was about to happen made my heart leap from a sedate resting rate to a brisk jog. I pulled back the covers of my bed, and slipped out. Naked, my penis was beginning to swell at the promise of what was to come, and I found myself verbally instructing it to take it easy, at least for the time being.
I stumbled over to a chair in the corner of my bedroom, where I'd had the foresight to place some clothes, and quickly slipped on some boxers. A pair of long, comfortable walking trousers were draped over the back of the chair. The shop I'd bought them from said the colour was "asphalt", although I tended to always think of them as "dark grey", but I liked how they went with the blue t-shirt I'd also left lying on the chair.
I quickly pulled the t-shirt on, and was halfway through getting one leg of my trousers on too when the small matter of the weather outside raised its ugly head. It wouldn't do for it to be raining right now, I thought, or for it to be blowing a gale. It would be nice if Rachel got wet, I admitted, but I wasn't wanting any help from the clouds on that score.
With only one trouser leg on, I immediately hopped over to window, struggling with the second trouser leg while also seeking assurance that waking up at 4:30am hadn't be a wasted effort. Triumphantly inserting my foot into the second trouser leg, I yanked the trousers up and flung the curtains open, not bothering about the zip or a belt.
A clear, night sky calmly awaited me. An occasional cloud lingered perhaps, blocking out a few stars here and there, but other than that, the scene outside was one of dancing moonlight rather than rain or wind. I breathed in deeply, and was then surprised to find myself shaking slightly. The weather wasn't going to stop what was about to happen. Nothing was.
I stood stock-still for a couple of minutes, standing in front of the open curtains, looking out of my second-floor bedroom on to the street below. No-one disturbed the peace, and the only sign of movement was the occasional cat patrolling it's territory, or heading back from hunting rodents in the bushland behind us. It slowly occurred to me that my trousers were still open, but while I wouldn't say I was embarrassed by that, it at least brought me back to the mission at hand. I walked back to the chair, grabbed a pair of socks, and then made my way to the door, pausing only to grab from my wardrobe an empty backpack that hopefully wouldn't be empty for long.
As I reached the door, I had to pass a full length mirror, and I stopped for a moment to make a self-appraisal. The man who stared back at me was in his late thirties. A short burst of light brown hair graced his head, and he stood a respectable 180cm high. For much of his life, this man had been what you might charitably have called "slightly overweight". However a recent epiphany, and a healthy dose of sheer bloody-mindedness at the gym, meant that for the first time ever his stomach was nice and flat. His chest was no longer sunk-in, and there was the genuine trace of muscles pushing through the material of the t-shirt. I smiled, and the man smiled back.
Throwing the backpack over my shoulder, I bid the man in the mirror farewell, and headed down the stairs to my waiting car.
"Wish me luck." I said, to no-one in particular.
*****
It was a just under a five minute drive from my house to the park, where I'd agreed to meet Rachel. I passed only two other cars on that journey, and as the park came into view, I was also relieved to see that only one car was currently there, waiting under the only working light in the car park. From a distance I could tell it was a sedan, and I already knew who it's single occupant would be as I carefully pulled in beside it. Jumping out, I walked around to the driver's side door of the other car, and kneeled down.
The occupant let the door window slide down, and I found myself face to face with a relaxed-looking Rachel. She gave me a mischievous smile, and simply said "Hey there."
I smiled back, and nodded at the backpack that was lying on her passenger-side seat. "Got everything you need?" I asked, teasingly.
"Not yet, but I soon will do." she replied, letting her gaze drop down over my t-shirt and rest finally on the now-noticeable bulge in my trousers. "Wasn't sure you were coming." she breathed.
"Wouldn't miss this opportunity, Rachel." I responded, half-laughing. I then stood up, and opened the door for her. Rachel stepped out, and into the pool of light that the overhead street lamp afforded us.
She was beautiful. There was no more honest appraisal of Rachel than that. I'd never directly asked Rachel her age, but I had a fair idea that she was also in her late thirties. She may even have made it into the early forties already. That said, while I couldn't have definitively told anyone Rachel's age, what I was absolutely certain of was that she spent all of her years taking extremely good care of herself.
Slightly shorter than myself, Rachel's straight red hair ran down to just under her shoulders. Her
sparkling green eyes had a naughty glint to them, and as I took in what she was wearing, I was reminded again that she certainly knew how to make the most of what she had. Her c-cup breasts may not have been the most prominent around the suburb, but the way that she fitted them into her tight, white running top was a master-class in simplicity and desire. The top had very short sleeves, and the top didn't quite make it's way all the way down to the shorts, allowing the briefest hint of skin from a perfectly toned stomach.
The shorts she had chosen for this early morning walk were red, matching her hair, and the material wasn't figure-hugging. I was momentarily disappointed at this, until she gave me a wink, walked over to a knee-high fence that separated the car-park from the actual park beyond, and set about doing some light stretches. As her hips moved, the material moved with her, gracefully dancing around her backside and upper thighs. The effect was memorising, and I lost myself for a moment, imagining my hand following the same path as that material.
I grudgingly snapped out of it though, and joined her at the fence.
"So," she said, looking at me, "still happy with the playing conditions of our little walk?"
I nodded, and leaned into a calf stretch so as to partly hide the slight red flush that I felt building in my cheeks.
"Good." she said, happily, and went back to retrieve her backpack.
The 'playing conditions' were simple enough. We walk, we talk, and occasionally we toss a coin. Whoever wins the coin toss gets to take an item of clothing off the loser. The clothing goes in the winner's backpack. Repeat as necessary. We'd mapped out four vague waypoints on our walk, including the car park. Considering the amount of clothing we'd both had on, and the fact that we had to walk to the end and back again, that meant one of us was guaranteed to end up naked at some point. I closed my eyes for a second, and reflected on the exact consequences of that. Depending on exactly how many coin tosses were left when one of us did lose our last item, a nude night time stroll might be the least of the loser's worries.
She returned with her phone as well, and made a show of indicating an app that she'd had installed. "Coin toss." she said, "Heads or tails." She demonstrated the app a few times, and it quickly became evident that you simply had to touch the screen for a coin to magically rotate on the screen, before settling on either a head or a tail. I surprised myself again, as I felt a well of nervousness begin to build up inside me with each coin toss Rachel demonstrated.
"Happy?" she asked, tilting her head to one side and - whether accidentally or deliberately - managing to puff her chest out inside her straining top.
"Very..." I said, half croaking. "I mean, yeah, sure..." I tried to say the last bit with slightly more 'cool male charm' than I'd managed with my first effort.
"Great!" Rachel paused and then looked out on to the park. "I reckon it's about a twelve minute walk to the end of the path, so how about we set the timer for four minutes?" she smiled at me again, with another one of her irresistibly mischievous looks. "We can toss twice at the far end." she winked, and playfully bit her lip. God, she was hot.
I nodded my agreement, not trusting my voice to not break, as she placed her hands behind her head, and twisted at the hips. I'd seen some people do that to warm up. She was certainly warming me up.
"Well then." she continued simply. She picked up her phone again, and hovered a finger over the app's interface. "Shall we start?"
I looked at her, and then at the app, and then back at her. Her smile slowly broadened as I hesitated. I began to grow aware that seconds were ticking by and I hadn't actually said anything. Steeling myself, I squared my shoulders, looked her straight in her gorgeous green eyes, and called it. "Heads."
Without looking at the app, Rachel pressed her finger to the screen, and the coin began it's animated trajectory. She didn't even bother to look at the screen, and kept her eyes locked on mine. She let my own reaction tell her the result of the very first coin toss. It was, irrefutably, irreversibly, 'tails'.
I sighed, closed my eyes for what felt like the tenth time, and opened them yet again to find Rachel holding a hand out, with a light laugh escaping her lips. Early days, I reminded myself, early days. Nevertheless, I reached down, undid my belt, pulled it out of the loops on my trousers, and ceremoniously handed it to her. She took hold of it, and for a few seconds, neither one of us let go.
She didn't try and grab it from me. She seemed more than happy for me to feel slightly uncomfortable, and to play through a dozen different scenarios in my head. I knew the odds of being discovered were low, and the odds of winning an unimpeded view of Rachel's stunning body were still worth it.
Finally, resigned to my initial set-back, I let her take control of my belt. I watched it disappear quickly into her backpack, and I noted the hungry look that she gave my trousers. She pointed a single finger at the top of my trousers, and I knew what she was asking. The belt wasn't quite enough, there was still a little extra payment to make. I took the zip of my trousers in one hand, and slowly worked it all the way down. Thankfully, the trousers were just tight enough that the belt had been somewhat redundant anyway. Even with my zip undone, and the top parts of my trousers slightly folded back to flash a thin strip of my boxers underneath, the trousers still protected my modesty. From a distance at least. Early days, I repeated, still very early days...
****
Rachel and I walked through the park, and talked. We'd been friends for several years now. I'd worked with her then-husband for a while before he'd introduced us, and we formed a nice, albeit distant friendship.
That friendship had taken a sabbatical for a while when her husband had finally admitted to himself and his family that he was gay. I couldn't pretend to know exactly what that revelation would have felt like, either to himself or to Rachel. More than once I half-wondered whether Rachel's stunning beauty, both physically and intellectually, might have caused even greater stress on him when he realised who he was. I steered clear of both of them for a while, not really sure on how to act. I heard second-hand that he and Rachel had separated amicably, and that their children, well into their teenage years now anyway, had ultimately accepted it. They probably didn't want to think of their parents having sex anyway.
That's the way things stayed for a while, at least until a few months back. We ran into each other while going for a walk in the park one sunny afternoon. Having make some slightly awkward small talk, we somehow then re-connected and our friendship grew. Rachel was happy again, and I was getting into some semblance of good shape. We'd started going for walks together, ostensibly to ensure that we both made sure the other got out and exercised. We covered a lot of topics on those walks, and gradually we felt comfortable talking about more and more personal matters.
That had culminated two nights back in a short, brief, and potentially life-changing snippet of conversation. Rachel had fallen quiet for a few minutes, and I was about to ask how her kids were going at University, when she suddenly piped up.
"Have you ever... have you ever thought about, showing off... more of who we are?"
"What? You mean like public speaking."
"Well," Rachel replied, pausing as if to consider both what I'd said and the next line of enquiry, "certainly I was thinking about the public part." She looked at me for a moment with a need in her eyes I hadn't often seen. "Do you think I'm beautiful?"
"Sure." I said, not wishing to argue against a mass of overwhelming evidence.
"I feel beautiful too." she paused again. That could easily have come across as conceited from anybody else. From Rachel though, it seemed like the belated realisation of something that was absurdly self-evident. She then cast an appraising eye over me. "You're not bad looking either." she conceded.
"Thanks", I added drily.
"I haven't taken many risks in my life, you know." Rachel continued. "Safe job, nice family, good house, every day is nice and comfortable."
I decided against raising the issue of the whole 'gay husband' thing and settled for seeing where this went.
Rachel's talking quickened now, as if she was trying to get something out before she lost the confidence to do so.
"I want to take a few risks. You're a nice guy. I trust you, mostly. Maybe we could take some risks together." she bit her lip, and I was once again reminded of just how sexy my thirty-something friend could be when she wanted to be.
Rachel fell silent again for a few minutes and we continued our walk uninterrupted. As we neared the turn-around point, where we'd start heading back, she then said. "I have... an idea... on how to spice up our walks." Boy, did she ever have an idea...
****
The moonlight bathed the park in a soft glow as we made our way along. Every now and again, a lamp shone overhead, creating little pockets of scattered bright light.
Rachel practically had a skip in her step as she made her way along the path, and I could see my belt bounce around in her backpack. We'd been walking for a few minutes now, and mercifully we seemed to have the park to ourselves. We lived in a quiet enough suburb, and I was trying to convince myself that any slight embarrassment I felt due to walking around with my zip undone was harmless and would ultimately go undetected.
We were chatting about some minor trivial details of our work days when Rachel's phone suddenly sprang into life. With a girlish giggle that was at odds with her age, Rachel quickly turned off the timer on her phone, and spun around to face me. Her eyes were alive with excitement, and she wordlessly handed over the device, waiting expectantly. Having been the loser in our first round, I was slightly more apprehensive, but the sheer vision in front of me inspired me to press on. After all, I was one coin toss away from those shorts being my property.
I looked enquiringly at her, and Rachel seemed lost in thought for a second. Just as I was about to prompt her again, she looked straight at me, and called "Tails."
Fine, I thought. It's due for 'Heads' to show anyway. I tapped the screen once, and again Rachel stared deeply at me as my own reaction betrayed the app's response. Even before I'd said anything, Rachel broke out into a small round of excited applause, before coughing discretely, and holding out her hands. The damn thing had come up 'Tails' again...
Damn it, I swore under my breath. I looked hard at Rachel's red shorts, almost willing them to come off anyway. Eventually, Rachel's insistent ahem'ing interrupted my novice attempts at telekinesis, and I looked at her seriously. "I take it you're enjoying this?" I asked.
Rachel giggled again, and pointed at the very noticeable bulge around my crotch. "I know you certainly are!" she said, happily.
I couldn't help smile at that and, nodding my head in acknowledgement of a temporary defeat, I grabbed my trousers in both hands, and slide them down to my ankles. Rachel gave a small round of applause again, and I stood back up and gave a slight bow. "Thank you, thank you." I said, and then returned to the serious business of taking off my shoes so that I could totally remove my trousers. That task completed, Rachel and I again went through the ritual of me slowly handing her my clothes, without entirely being able to let go. Rachel was more insistent this time, and it wasn't long before I saw her stuffing my trousers into her bag again.
"Well," Rachel said, with mock concern tinged with an element of caring relief, "at least your belt isn't alone any more!"
As the fact began to settle in that I was now standing in the middle of a public park with only a t-shirt and boxers on, I couldn't help nervously look around. Part of me knew that no-one else would be around at 4:45am in the morning. We'd been walking for 4 minutes already, and seen absolutely no-one. Still, I was now getting progressively jumpier at any sound that breached the serene silence of the night. Rachel theatrically reset the timer on her phone, and then briefly inspected me. She tut tutted at my black boxers, and said they simply didn't go with my blue t-shirt. "They'll have to go obviously, a complete fashion disaster." she said, with a big grin. I politely disagreed, and suggested I was looking forward to seeing if her bra and panties matches. I feared they wouldn't, and would similarly have to be removed.
Rachel winked again, and then started along the path. Casting one more look behind me, so as to ensure that no-one else was now following us, I then broke into a quick jog to catch up. Rachel looked up into the night sky with a carefree expression on her face, and resumed our ordinary, every-day conversation as if nothing else had happened.
********
The crisp night air was beginning to give me goosebumps on my legs. I consoled myself that should we - by some bizarre chance - run into someone else at this strange hour of the morning, then my boxers might look like running shorts from a distance. I was less sure how my erect penis figured into that illusion, given it was thrusting defiantly out of my boxers and straining at the material.
"You know I've been working at compartmentalising my life." Rachel was saying, in what was gradually transitioning from dialogue to monologue. "When Dave left..." Rachel stopped, and looked away for a moment, and then shook her head slightly before seeming to refocus. "When Dave left, I threw myself into work. Everything was about the job. Lisa and Mike are at University, so I needed something to distract myself..."
I looked at her, welcome for the distraction from my current clothing setup, and gave what I hoped would be seen as an understanding smile.
Rachel gave a faint half-smile back and then fell silent for a short while, as we both walked on into the depths of the park. The area we were in had a large open playing field on our right hand side, while trees lined our way to the left. The playing field had goal posts at either end, and I laughed at myself when I realised I was half-expecting to find some one training there.
"I started walking more just to get out of the house, away from email, away from my computer." Rachel continued abruptly.
"Well, I'm glad you did." I replied, indirectly acknowledging that this was how we reconnected as friends.
Rachel smiled broadened, and she waved a hand in the general direction of my boxers. "Yeah, I'm glad I did too!"
She took in a deep breath, and then surveyed the scene around us. We were about two thirds of the way along the path now. We'd soon reach the other end and turn back. As if realising what this implied, she stopped in her tracks and held up a hand for me to do the same. She extracted her phone from a tiny pocket in her shorts, and checked on the timer. With a dramatic flourish, she counted down from five with the fingers of her raised hand. As her fist closed, the timer's alert split the silence in the empty park, and she swept her arms apart. "Ta-da!" she exclaimed.
I half-laughed at the performance, but any thoughts of a full laugh were stifled by the fact that this was a crucial point in our walk. I was down to two items of clothes. We still had two coin tosses at the turn-around point, and then what promised to be a very long walk back, with three other coin tosses to survive. If I reached the turn-around point in only my boxers, then the return trip promised to be very chilly, very naked, and with the imminent threat of further penalties. After all, I could only lose my boxers once.
Rachel switched her phone over to the coin toss app. "You're call." she reminded me.
I tried to look confident, even as I unconsciously crossed my arms across my t-shirt, as if to block any attempt to remove it.
"Heads." I called.
Rachel tried to do her previous trick of simply staring at me while the virtual coin flew on the screen. This time though I held her gaze, and resisted the urge to look down at the screen. Rachel and I kept looking at each other, long after the coin had probably landed. As the seconds past by, we were both struggling to keep a straight face, and as the corner of our mouths twitched with suppressed laughter, Rachel was the one to break first. Throwing her head back, she started to let out a victory cry, before then looking down at the screen. In an instant her victory cry switched to a semi-disappointed "Nooooooo!". She jumped in the air, and then went down on her knees, as she held up the phone for me to see. Curling up into a ball, she hid the nervous excitement that was suddenly all over her face.
Heads! Finally, the tide was turning. I waited for Rachel to get her nervous laughter under control, and stand up. Somehow, the sudden tinge of impending embarrassment she exhibited just made her seem even sexier.
It was my time to hold a hand out expectantly, and I impatiently clicked my fingers.
"Okay then, how about you hand over those shorts. Or would you prefer I take them?"
Rachel pretended to act surprised at that last comment, and put a hand to her mouth in mock horror. "Well, I suppose you've been good enough to fill up my backpack." she then reasoned, "It's probably only fair I give you a little something."
This time I noticed that it was her turn to cast a quick look around her. Trying to cover a sudden swell of nervousness with a show of bravado, she made a point of turning her back to me. Then, grabbing the side of her shorts, she simultaneously bent at the waist while easing the shorts down. I later wondered if she heard me whisper "Oh. My. God." to myself, as a pair of light green panties hovered into view. Rachel's walks weren't the only exercising she did, if the flexibility she showed was anything to go by. Rachel kept her ass up in the air as she slowly pushed her shorts all the way down to her ankles. Then, maintaining the pose, she delicately removed her shoes so that she could finally slip the shorts off entirely.
While all this was going on, I didn't say a word, and became slightly light-headed when I managed to forget to breathe. There was no other way to describe Rachel's ass other than to refer to it as stunning, and when the shorts were finally off, she gave a quick wiggle while still bent over. The effect was mesmerising, and as she turned back to face me, there was suddenly a palpable tension in the air. Her cocky grin started to shift into a shy smile, and as we silently stood opposite each other, we each saw excitement, confusion, nervousness, willingness and fear all compete for attention in the other's eyes.
After a minute that seemed like an hour, I stuck out a hand. "Thanks." I said, silently cursing myself for not coming up with something far cooler to say.
It seemed to do the trick though, as Rachel gave another light laugh, and threw the shorts at my head. I caught them, but was left with her shorts pressed against my face. I wasn't sure how sports shorts could be made to smell nice, but she'd managed it. After spending a seemingly indecent amount of time smelling her shorts, I then casually unhooked the backpack from my shoulders and deposited my first prize for the night.
I pointed an hand down the path. "Ladies first." Rachel smiled sweetly at that, and pivoted on the spot. "No need for the timer this time." she added airily, "we'll be at the turn-around point soon."
"Fair enough." I agreed. "And since you were so concerned about my belt's loneliness before, I'm sure you'll be keen to let your shorts have some company..."
Rachel openly giggled at that, and gave me a cheeky look before starting down the path. I followed close behind. I wasn't scanning for random strangers any more, I had something else entirely more interesting to focus on in front of me.
****
Rachel was gliding along the path now. Her hips swayed from side to side, and she seemed to be using her nervous energy to almost dance her way to the turn-around point. I could see the excitement in her face, even though we were the only people in the park.
It would be close to 5:00am by the time we made it to the turn-around point. With a couple of stops along the way, it would probably be around 5:20am by the time we got back to the cars for a final coin toss. Twin thoughts were competing for my attention: the first being that "4:30am" was way too early for any early-morning joggers to be awake; the second being that "5:30am" was a worryingly reasonable time for early-morning joggers to start surfacing.
"You know," said Rachel as she spun around and checked out the stars over her head, "I used to go for runs in the moonlight when I was at University." She closed her eyes, as if re-living something. "Of course," she then acknowledged, "I tended to do it fully clothed..."
Rachel proceeded to skip down past a series of low bushes, and rounded a corner in the path. Clapping her hands, she pointed excitedly at a park entrance in the distance that signalled their turn-around point.
"Yay!" she said, with an infectious girlish enthusiasm. Pointing directly at my t-shirt, she began to sing the tune to 'The Stripper'.
"Ease up there, tiger." I had to say, "I think we're about to find out whether your bra matches your panties!"
We still had a short way to go before the path ended at another road that helped ring-fence the entire park. In an entirely unhelpful manner, an inner voice reminded me that this was a prime opportunity to run into someone else. That realisation was intruding on my fixation with Rachel's backside, when Rachel continued the conversation.
"Want to guess what my favourite subject was at University?"
"Well, since you completed a major in 'Actuarial Science', I'm going to have to go with 'Actuarial Science'" I responded.
Rachel immediately went "Bzzz'ed!" and shook her finger admonishingly. "No. Guess again."
I looked her over, and strained to remember our past conversations. "Psychology?" I hazarded a guess.
Rachel went "Bzzz'ed!" again and spun around to face me. "Nope. Not even close." she then fell silent for a moment and looked up at the starry night sky. "It was Art History, actually. I did a few classes one year, really loved it."
We were getting closer to the end of the path and the road on the other side. As I stared ahead, a faint swooshing noise broke the silence that had otherwise enveloped us, and twin beams of light heralded the arrival of a car. My eyes widened in concern and anticipation, and I could even see the otherwise seemingly-confident Rachel tense slightly. The car's headlines grew brighter for a few moments, and then the vehicle in question hovered into view. We were still twenty metres from the road, and despite the vulnerability I felt, realistically the driver wasn't going to see us. Not this time at least. Nonetheless, both our pulses seemed to quicken considerably, and were left at their elevated rate even as the car drove on by. We exchanged a nervous smile as the car continued on its merry way, and the sound of the engine began to recede into the distance.
After a few moments, we both then realised we'd stopped dead in our tracks. We continued to look at each other for a little longer, before I half-laughed, and forced myself forward.
"So," I opened, seeking to re-start the conversation, "Why didn't you major in Art History?"
It was Rachel's turn to let loose a half-laugh. "Well you see, the career prospects for Art History and Actuarial Science are ever so slightly different." she gave a mixed smile, and for a split second the smile seemed to be tinged with regret. "Hard to afford a good house to raise a respectable family in a nice, safe suburb." Rachel held eye contact with me for a couple of seconds, and then turned away to kick a couple of leaves off the path. "And I was nothing if not a 'risk minimiser'."
Casting her eyes down at a pair of clearly-visible, green panties, she then reached over and extracted her phone from her backpack. Looking up with a sly grin, she then added "... back then."
We'd reached the turn-around point. The path emptied out on to a generic road, dotted on one side with houses. No lights shone from those houses, yet, and the only source of illumination that competed with the moonlight was an overhead streetlight by the park entrance. By unspoken mutual agreement, we positioned ourselves just outside the pool of light on the ground.
We both looked up and down the road, and felt the twin emotions of relief and regret jostle for space as we realised the road was empty.
Rachel bit her lip playfully, and waved the phone in front of me. "My call?" she asked.
"Your call." I agreed, taking the phone. I selected the coin toss app, and then found myself staring at it, with my finger hovering over the interface. I must have been standing like that for a while, visualising two highly contrasting fates that we were a split-second away from, because Rachel had to audibly clear her throat twice. The second time finally succeeded in dragging my attention away from the image of the stationary coin.
"Ahh... I said, 'Tails'." she reminded me, with an expectant look on her face.
"Oh, yeah, sorry." I mumbled. Hesitating for a only a second longer, I then pressed my finger against the screen, and the virtual coin leapt up on it's animated journey. I actually closed my eyes this time. I didn't need to open them either.
"Yes! Yes, yes, yes, yes, YES!" Rachel exclaimed, I could hear the light dancing of her feet on the ground in front of me, and she even treated me to a victorious 'whoop whoop', as the realisation of what had just happened settled in my mind.
'Tails'.
Sighing, I opened my eyes. Rachel was the living embodiment of happiness at this point, and had already slung her backpack off her shoulders, expectantly.
"Come on, let's see that chest of yours. You've been talking a big game about going to the gym recently, let's see what dividends it's paid..." she said, with a smirk.
There was no point in delaying this, I thought. The longer I stood here, the more chance there was for another car to come along, or for an early morning runner to make an inopportune entrance.
Grabbing the t-shirt, I quickly pulled it over my head, accompanied by Rachel's enthusiastic encouragement. Bunching the t-shirt in one hand, I then threw it at Rachel, who appeared to be giving me the same critical look-over she may once have given to a respectably old piece of art. She gracefully caught the offered t-shirt, and then carefully placed it in her backpack, while she seemed to consider her review.
"Not bad." she said, "Not bad at all... looks like rumours of your gym visits have not been greatly exaggerated after all." she gave me another wink, and I found myself unconsciously crossing my arms in front of my chest to obscure the view of my man-nipples.
"That said," she continued, with a fake weariness, "this bag is getting heavy." Indicating the backpack full of my clothes, she placed the back of her hand on her forehead. "Had I known I'd have to carry everything back to the car, I'd have lifted some more weights at the gym this week!" She then starred openly at the one piece of clothing I had left on, and seemed to visibly brighten.
"Good job there's not much left to put in there then, isn't it." Reaching over, and taking the phone out of my hand, she then finished with "... and to think, we've still got four more coin tosses to go ..."
I muttered something about the tables turning soon, but she merely gave me a huge grin in return.
"Now," she said, "if you're looking for actuarial advice, I have to say as your friend, the risk is high." she stopped and put her hands on her hips. She gave me her best, 'serious professional' look, before continuing. "The risk is very high. Very, very high. In fact, ..."
"Yeah, yeah." I said, interrupting her flow, and quickly gesturing at the phone in her hand. "Two coin tosses here, remember? It's my call, so before you get too comfortable in that running shirt, how about we see if the next coin toss is a 'Heads'?"
"My my, look whose in a rush to ditch the boxers. Okay then big boy, lets...".
For the second time in less than a minute, she stopped in mid-sentence. This time however, I wasn't the one interrupting her.
"Let's what?" I started, before realising that she wasn't looking at me any more, but at something over my shoulder. Turning around, I instantly saw what had grabbed her attention. Down the straight road, perhaps over a hundred metres away, a silent figure moved into and out of the light cast by another streetlight. I strained by eyes urgently, trying to assess who this intruder was. It was hard to tell if the figure was male or female, but they were definitely speed-walking towards us. They may have seen us in the distance, but at least the moonlight would partly cover the state of my clothing for a few more moments.
"Come on!" I said urgently, heading back into the park. Rachel grabbed by arm though, and shook her head. Nodding down at the phone, she tapped the screen and the coin toss began it's fifth journey. She had to be kidding, I thought. Looking back at the rapidly approaching figure, I guessed we had less than forty seconds before she was by our side, and even less than that before what we were doing became evident.
Looking down at the screen, this time around the coin toss seemed to take an order of magnitude longer to complete. The animation flipped between 'heads' and 'tails' over and over and over again. In those precious few seconds, I'd already placed my hands on my boxers, ready to whip them off, ready to then hot-foot it back into what I hoped would be the sanctuary of the park. It didn't even bare thinking about what would happen if our speed-walker decided to head into the park as well.
Then, all of a sudden, the coin toss stopped. It took me a further three seconds to process what the result had been.
'Heads'. The coin toss was a 'Heads'.
"Hey..." I said, "that's... that's what I picked!"
Rachel was already ahead of me, and was cursing with an disbelieving expression on her face. She looked over my shoulder again, and seemed temporarily caught between two possible courses of action. Then, realising that time was not her friend, she took hold of her t-shirt, yanked it off over her head in one fluid motion, and began to run backwards in to the park. She waved the t-shirt out in front as she backed away from the street, seeming to use it as an enticement for me to follow her. I didn't need any further enticement to follow her, not with the approaching footsteps of the speed-walker beginning to echo in my ears.
Rachel's face was a contrast of excitement and embarrassment as we made our way into the park. She beckoned me further and further away from the road, tangling her t-shirt just out of reach in one hand, while holding her backpack with most of my clothes in with the other. We were about fifteen metres away from the road when the speed walker appeared in the pool of light that we'd stood next to only moments ago. The figure how revealed themselves to a woman, perhaps forty years of age, and in entirely sensible walking gear. Our rapid retreat into the park had apparently grabbed our attention, as she was looking our way with a confused look on her face. Thankfully though, she must have decided it wasn't worth the risk to find out exactly what we were up to. Powering along, although with her focus fixed on us, she continued on her journey along the road, and we were left with the park to ourselves.
As the middle-aged woman finally receded into the distance, Rachel broke out in a nervous laughter, and I heard her say. "Oh my god!" several times as she finally came to a stop by a tree. We stood there for a minute or two, wondering if the other woman would suddenly re-emerge, backtracking to sate her own curiosity. She didn't though, and we both welcomed the chance to catch our breath.
Now that the immediate threat was seemingly over, I was at last able to turn back and survey my winnings. Reaching out, I took possession of Rachel's white t-shirt. After a few attempts to coax her out of the darkness of the tree foliage, she eventually stepped back on to the path, and I successfully answered my earlier question. With the moonlight now painting her supple body in a soft light, I could see her firm c-cup breasts nestled snuggly into a light green sports bra.
"Perfect match." I said, complementing her on the bra and panties combination.
"Why thank you, kind sir." she said, doing a small curtsy. Her infectious grin broke out again and, nervously yet unbidden, she placed her hands behind her neck, and pushed her shoulders out, so that I had the best possible view of her bosom.
Through the material of the sports bra, I fancied I could make out the trace of her nipples, and I thought ahead to what the next three coin tosses had in store for us.
"Well then..." I said, struggling for words somewhat, "how about we start heading back then?"
Rachel nodded her head in agreement, and slung her backpack over her shoulders, stopping only to make a show of setting the alarm on her phone to four minutes.
"Four minutes." she said, simply. "Four minutes..."
****
Rachel and I continued on down the path back to where our cars waited for us. I estimated we were half way to the timer going off again, and so far we'd walked in perfect silence. If she felt anything like me, then her senses would be firing on all cylinders at the moment.
A light breeze had picked up, and was gently wafting through the trees to our right-hand side. The result was that every now and again, a branch creaked, or some leaves rustled on the ground. When it did, we'd both instinctively cast a furtive glance to find the source of the noise, before then quickly exchanging a reassuring glance. I also noticed that she couldn't stop herself from looking back down the path from where we'd just come. I was contemplating teasing her about that, when I realised that I'd subconsciously been doing exactly the same thing.
I figured that the time may go quicker if we chatted about something, and it might also drown out the distracting effects of the breeze.
"So, art history? Any regrets you didn't take that further?"
Rachel shrugged her shoulders. "Honestly? No, not really. I guess 'actuary' doesn't sound all that exciting, but it's rewarding enough."
She continued walking along, lost in her own thoughts. After only a brief interlude, she added to her reply. "It's not the fact that I'm an actuary that I regret. It's the fact that I let it make me so damn safe." She looked sideways at me, appearing to try and judge if I'd got her meaning.
"So, you're saying that when your job is to calculate risk, you begin to try and avoid risk in your own life?" I ventured.
Satisfied, Rachel turned her attention back on to the path in front of us. In the distance, a lamp post reared out of the ground, and it looked suspiciously like the alarm might go off as we reached it.
"Yeah, mostly." she said. "I was a good, upstanding woman of impeccable character. A dedicated professional. A loving mother. A caring wife."
I briefly nodded in acknowledgement. That was certainly the Rachel I knew when we'd first met.
"And then, one day, out of the blue, your husband of seventeen years tells you he's gay. Not so much into you as you might initially have thought. Has a preference for the dudes instead..." Rachel paused in her delivery, and I struggled to come up with anything to say to fill in the sudden void.
Rachel and I had been walking together for several months now, and talked about a lot, but we'd typically steered clear of her break-up. I usually convinced myself that this was the gentlemanly thing to do, and the fact that it was also the easy way out just happened to be a fortuitous coincidence.
"It... must have been difficult for you." I finally added. Rachel didn't look like the kind of woman who'd be used to hearing from men that they weren't interested in her.
"Oh yeah," Rachel said, again with a light shrug of her shoulders. The moonlight danced off her exposed shoulders, and I had to force myself to focus on what she was saying, rather than on the thin bits of material that kept her sports bra on. "Sure, it was difficult. I was angry, furious. To begin with at least. Threatened to kick him out and never let him see the kids. Wasn't my call of course, they're old enough now to make their own decisions. And of course, then I realised, what's the point anyway?" She looked at me, with the question hanging in her beautiful green eyes.
"What's the point?" she repeated. "It's not like Dave woke up one morning and said 'what can I do to piss off Rachel today? I know! I'll develop an insatiable desire to sleep with men!' He loved me. On some level at least. So after a few days of anger, resentment, and all that other good stuff, I realised something. Damn! That was a hell of a risk he'd just taken."
I couldn't disagree with that. "He was, and still is, a very lucky man." I stated.
Rachel gave me a quick smile. "So anyway," she continued, with slightly more bounce in her voice now, "He took a risk. Why stay with the status quo if the only thing it's going to do is ultimately make everyone unhappy?" Rachel stretched her arms out, and spun around like a ballerina, seemingly on a whim. The effect, accentuated by her missing t-shirt and shorts, was mesmerising.
"Why not mix things up a little? Take a bit of a risk? See if you can find out who you truly are?"
A nearby lamppost threw down a circle of light directly in front of us. With a few quick steps, Rachel ran into the circle, turning to face me with a look of determination. Her arms outstretched, her head thrown back, she looked like a stage performer awaiting an audience's adulation. "And so here I am World, here is Rachel, taking just a bit of a risk!"
If a higher power was watching us at that moment, then they apparently had a flair for the dramatic. For it was at that exact point in time that the phone alarm chose to burst into life.
I stopped in my tracks, and the thrill sent a cold shiver went down my spine. I half-waited for Rachel to burst into a mock assessment of my chances, but this time Rachel herself was strangely quiet. The steely determination she had sported only seconds ago now seemed to have subtly morphed into introspection. It occurred to me that before, she'd had the safety valve of having a t-shirt or shorts to lose. This time, should she call incorrectly, she'd have to go further than she'd ever gone before.
Emboldened somewhat by Rachel's quietness, I stepped into the circle of light with Rachel. Wordlessly, she took out the phone from the bag and handed it to me. One hand involuntary went back to her sports bra, as she contemplated what she might have to soon discard.
"Your call." I said. I was pretty impressed by the measure of calm authority I managed to fake.
She stared at me. "Heads."
I nodded my understanding, and tapped the interface. The coin started on it's fateful trajectory. Whatever the result now, there was going to be nudity involved. Looking at her, I could see that we both knew that we'd reached the business end of our personal journey.
She shifted on the spot as the coin flipped this way and that. I focussed on the screen, holding my breath, willing it to be 'Tails'.
And as suddenly as it started, the coin stopped and rested on it's result. I slowly closed my eyes, and grimaced. "Heads." I said, in a monotone. "It's 'Heads'."
If Rachel's demeanour before the coin toss had been mute, her reaction afterwards was anything but. Breaking into a victory jig, she hollered to the sky in an obscenely loud voice, and I had to break out of my trance to try and shush her. We didn't need anyone coming to investigate the shouting. I certainly didn't need anyone to come investigating, at least.
Rachel broke into another rendition of the tune for 'The Stripper', and held her open backpack out invitingly. "Come on big boy, show us what you've got!" she teased.
My jaw tightened as I considered my options. In theory, I could just run back to the car. The 'flight' option. Rachel would hardly be the first woman to see me naked. That said, the intensity of the lamp light combined with the sheer openness of the park were making me feel very self-conscious. Seeing her eyes sparkle though removed any thought of flight, at least for now. Sighing, I once again acknowledged my defeat.
Rachel twirled a finger around in the air, indicating that I should turn around. I got the gist of what she wanted, and she was simply too cute to refuse. Resigned, I turned my back on her, held my boxers in readiness, and then leaned over. I pulled the boxers down as I bent at the waist, and forced them down past my knees. I pictured how Rachel had looked when she pulled that same manoeuvre with her shorts, a few coin tosses ago.
I had to confess I wasn't as flexible, but I at least made up for having to bend my knees a little by giving her a good wiggle of my naked backside. The laughter and clapping I heard from behind me suggested I was a hit. I couldn't help but smile, even as I felt my cheeks flush. I didn't even try to remove my shoes this time, and forced my boxers over them, before standing up with them in one hand.
So here I was, I thought. Naked. In the middle of a public park. I knew Rachel was expecting me to turn around and give her an unrestricted view of my fully erect manhood. Self-consciousness temporarily rooted me to the spot though, before I heard an expectant cough. Oh, what the hell, I thought. What's the old saying? 'Grin and bare it'? I twirled around and deliberately placed my hands on my hips, more to keep myself from reflexively covering my penis than anything else.
Rachel treated me to an admiring gasp, and covered her mouth with her hand. In my current state of mind, I couldn't fully tell whether she was genuinely impressed, openly mocking me, or just being polite.
Still, I thought, I'm standing in front of a beautiful woman who might herself be naked in two more coin tosses. Why not assume the best and just enjoy the moment. I gave her an impish smile, and was rewarded with a wink. Rachel then mimicked my own hands-on-hips pose for a moment, and gave a me serious look.
"Well then. I reckon we're about ten minutes from the car. I wonder..." Rachel pondered, "... exactly how many joggers we'll run into. Three? Five? How many do you think?"
I didn't answer, and quickly added my boxers to her bag so that she didn't have the chance to delay any further.
"Come on then." I said, hurriedly. Standing around as the night slowly slipped away was already tugging at my earlier resolve to just enjoy the moment. Nervousness was beginning to return after the strange euphoria of being fully exposed in front of Rachel.
Rachel didn't seem to be in a huge hurry though, and seemed to struggle to put the backpack on.
"So heavy!" she complained, with a sly grin. "Oh well, at least you haven't got anything else to add to the bag!" She stopped, and looked at me with a puzzled look. "Of course, that means you've got nothing left to take off when you lose the next two coin tosses! Hmm..."
I gave Rachel the universal sign for hurry up, and began to glance up and down the path.
"Wait," Rachel continued, and seemed to be considering my problem with great thought, "don't worry though. I'm sure in the next four minutes I'll be think of something... appropriate... for you to do." She suddenly smiled wickedly. "Don't you worry about a thing, Rachel's got this under control."
I had no snappy comeback, so I just took her hand and started walking her back towards the cars. Her gentle laughter rang in my ears, and I saw her set the alarm for our next coin toss.
Between my pounding heart and my rapidly mounting fear of discovery, a single thought demanded attention. I absolutely, definitely, unquestionably wanted to take possession of Rachel's sports bra at the next coin toss.
No, wait, that wasn't quite right.
I absolutely, definitely, unquestionably _needed_ to take possession of that bra...
*******
Rachel assured me the alarm had been set for four minutes. Logically, at the rate we were walking, it had to have been set for four minutes. So why then did it feel like forty minutes passed before we reached the next waypoint? Mercifully, we hadn't run into anyone else yet. By some miracle we still had the park to ourselves.
Rachel didn't help though, constantly suggesting that the smallest movement of a tree in the distance might be an oncoming jogger. She dressed it up as looking after my welfare, what with me being in such an undressed state. I had my doubts though. Her protestations that she was trying to look out for me, rather than sending me into mild panic attacks, was somewhat undermined by the slightly smug expression on her face.
"Is that...!" she exclaimed, pointing into the distance at absolutely nothing. Damn it. Even though this was the twelfth such time she pulled this stunt, my heart still quickened again and a shiver still ran down my spine.
I'd been forbidden - forced to promise on my word of honour - that I wouldn't cover up, and my hands hung helplessly at my side, as my penis stuck out like a steel rod in front of me. We'd passed two lamp posts on the way to the next waypoint, and mysteriously Rachel had to stop and do her shoe laces up at both of them. In the exact middle of the pool of light. With me by her side, keeping her company.
"I can't see to tie my laces up in just the moonlight." she opined.
I felt like my naked crotch was a bright beacon that would attract attention from miles around. I even told her that she should just kneel down beside it to do tie her laces, before I fully realised exactly what she thought I might be implying. It had taken another agonising minute of full-nudity-awaiting-discovery for Rachel to stop convulsing in laughter.
She'd then politely turned down the offer, and simply spent more time in the light making sure that the laces were done up properly.
Rachel had been happy enough for us to walk in relative silence for most of the past four minutes. Whether she was simply admiring the view, or thought that the silence might accentuate my current predicament, I couldn't quite tell. Probably both, I thought.
So it was with some blessed relief when we turned a corner in the path, and the deafening silence around me was interrupted by the sound of Rachel's alarm. Right, I thought, time for Rachel to get a taste of her own medicine!
Rachel seemed to have other ideas. Smiling brightly at me, she quickly muted the alarm and swung the full backpack of her shoulders. I also dropped my backpack, and made a point of unzipping the bag, in readiness for her bra to be deposited safely inside.
"Good news!" Rachel said, cheerfully, "I know what you can do when you lose."
"Good news!" I retorted. "I've got plenty of space in my bag for your bra and panties."
Rachel laughed at that, and showed me the coin toss app. Still, I could see the nervousness that she'd felt at the last coin toss creeping into her body language. I may be playing for my dignity, what little was left of it anyway, but she was also playing for high stakes. I win this coin toss, and I got an unfettered view of two magnificent c-cup mammaries.
We stared at each other again. "Come on then," she prompted, "your call."
I didn't bother thinking through it, this was always just a game of sheer luck. "Tails." I said.
She acknowledged my call, and then tapped the screen. The coin animation kicked into action one more time, flipping over and over and over again. I felt a zen-like calm wash over me, as I placed my fate in the hands of a 99c app. It was going to be 'Tails'. It had to be 'Tails'. In all possible universes that branched out from this exact moment in time, the coin landed as 'Tails'. There was only one side to the coin, and it was indisputably, undeniably 'Tails'.
The coin finally landed.
'Heads'.
Well, fuck.
*********
I scurried along the path, the car park now visible in the distance. The street lamp where our two cars were parked shone like a star beckoning me towards salvation. Behind me, I could still feel Rachel's eyes penetrating into me, and I knew even without turning around that the smirk was still firmly plastered on her face.
The moments after I'd lost the last coin toss had been pandemonium. Rachel seemed to be spending our walk dreaming up more and more elaborate victory dances. It said something about my current vulnerability that a stunning beauty dancing in front of me in a green bra and panties hadn't actually improved my spirits. Perhaps if I'd actually had my boxers on, I may have actually paid more attention to the way Rachel's breasts swayed within the supporting confines of her sports bra. Her jumping up and down was doing some wonderful things to her chest, and yet I'd still been staring mindlessly at the screen.
When we'd discussed the walk yesterday, we'd both known that penalties might have to come into play. Rachel had promised some fairly soft-core penalties, especially for our first walk, and at the time I'd dismissed that as not something to overly worry about. That was because I was an idiot, it would seem.
Once Rachel had slightly calmed down, she'd strutted around and checked me out from all angles. Then, in an authoritative tone, she'd said that my gym work was actually beginning to deliver some dividends. That said, as an experienced gym goer herself, she might be able to offer some tips on good form. I'd swallowed hard at that point. I'd seen where she was going with that line.
She was noticeably emboldened by the disastrous imbalance in our respective attire.
With a broad smile, she'd instructed me to perform a series of exercises under a lamp post. Jumping jacks, sit-ups, press-ups, followed by a sequence of stretches. She occasionally prodded me in places, happily critiquing my form, and making suggestions for improvement. I couldn't help but notice that most of her improvements just made me even more exposed, such as spreading my legs further apart in my sit-ups.
It was a toss-up as to whether it was the actual exercises that were the most embarrassing, or the fact that we were at it for nearly ten minutes. I realised belatedly that I hadn't factored in the penalties in to my calculations as to when we'd be finished. Naively, I thought we'd be back to the cars by 5:20am. Still under cover of darkness.
With Rachel's shoe-lace-tying, and now the first penalty, we were way behind schedule. Towards the end of the exercise regime, Rachel had off-handedly informed me that it was already 5:25am. With a sickening feeling, I realised that dawn was around 5:40am.
She'd finally finished with me doing twenty jumping jacks. As I leapt up and down, thrusting out my legs and arms, my fully erect penis slapped into my stomach a few times. Rachel seemed particularly interested in this, and the twenty jumping jacks ended up being sixty, before she was satisfied that I'd performed them correctly.
My face was burning at that point, and I still couldn't believe we hadn't been discovered. Perhaps there was someone out there, watching from a distance. I wouldn't have known. I was in a large pool of light in an otherwise dark world. Anyone could be further down the path in either direction, wondering exactly why a fully naked man was flopping about.
As she'd signalled the conclusion of my first penalty, it had occurred to me what exactly would happen if I lost the very last coin toss.
Our final stop was the car park, and there was no longer any need for the alarm. We'd get there when we got there. It was now a straight run across a large grassy area to the car park, perhaps four hundred metres in total. With the night slowly receding, the cars were clearly visible, and I reckoned we were five minutes away at a respectable walking pace, and two hours away at the pace Rachel seemed to be favouring.
As I marched on, red-faced, Rachel caught up behind me and suddenly pointed at something in the distance to our left. "Is that...!" she exclaimed, and I raised a hand to cut her off.
"Oh no, you're not getting me that way again!" I replied, as calmly as I could manage. I looked away again and refocussed on the distant cars.
Rachel tapped my shoulder again though, and physically moved my head to follow her pointing.
"No, seriously, is that..."
For what was probably the umpteenth time this night, I closed my eyes in silent resignation. It was certainly was. It certainly was 'that'. While I couldn't immediately make out whether the jogger was male or female, it was a cast-iron certainty that we were going to cross paths.
Even Rachel seemed noticeably quiet for a moment, as we both soldiered on towards out impending rendezvous. I wondered if she'd be open to making a break for the tree line, but as I looked at her, I could see the thrill sparkling in her emerald green eyes. This was going to happen, I realised, and steeled myself for whatever was about to go down.
Of course the jogger was female. Given how my morning was going, that was no surprise. The jogger visibly broke stride as she neared us, and as realised what was up ahead. I thought for a second she might turn around and run off in the opposite direction, but perhaps Rachel's presence by my side helped sooth any fears she might have had. Instead, after a few seconds of just standing there gawking, she resumed her run towards us, steadily and remorselessly closing the gap.
Now that we knew the jogger wasn't male, Rachel was all up for making the most of this random encounter. As the jogger moved to within fifty metres of us, we could see that she was a twenty-something blonde, in rather fine shape herself. At this point, I knew there was no escape, and I tried to force a smile through the palpable embarrassment.
"Ahh... hi..." the woman said, making no secret of checking out my naked body. "Umm... what exactly are you guys doing?"
I opened my mouth to explain, but Rachel waved at me to be quiet. Humiliatingly, I was made to stand there, completely exposed to this strange woman, as Rachel recounted the story of our walk. The blonde jogger nodded every now and again to indicate she was listening, but her eyes never left my chest, stomach, and crotch. I was painfully aware of the throbbing in my penis, and it took all my willpower not to simply cover up with my hands and run. I could see light coming from over the horizon, and at this rate I'd be standing nude in the car park in full daylight.
I tried to smile a few times, in an attempt to show that I was somehow comfortable with this, but I doubt the woman even noticed the expression on my face.
Eventually, after an agonisingly protracted discussion, Rachel seemed to have relayed the full story to our new companion. Only half-jokingly, Rachel asked if she wanted to join us for the rest of our walk, but thankfully the woman politely declined. As she finally turned to resume her morning jog, she parted ways by asking if we were likely to make a habit of this. Apparently she had friends she normally went for a run with, but who hadn't turned up this morning. Thank God for that, I thought.
Rachel cheekily suggested that if she liked the show, that we might consider putting on a matinee performance. At that, I simply grabbed Rachel's hand, said a hasty farewell to our fellow park-goer, and set off determinedly for the safety of the cars.
********
Rachel had been quite talkative on the final leg back to the cars. After the conversation with her new friend, she'd been full of the joys of life. She explained how the risks she was now taking were finally giving her a sense of actually being alive. I looked at her a few times, and couldn't quite read her face. It seemed to be a jumbled mess of underlying nervous tension, excitement, anticipation and just sheer, unadulterated the-world's-a-wonderful-place happiness.
She must be a little worried about running into some other guy in just her sports bra and panties, I thought. Surely. Or was the totality of my defeat creating some kind of defence barrier for her to hide behind? There was at least some nervous tension in her face, I was sure of it. There had to be.
She'd fallen quiet for a few moments as we covered the final few metres to the car park. There were no other early morning joggers in sight yet. However, with dawn's first light now clearly visible over the horizon, it was a question of 'when' we ran into someone else, not 'if'.
As I half-ran into the car park, she grabbed my arm and stopped me. Looking me straight in the eyes, all of a sudden the mirth and mockery disappeared.
"Thanks." she said, simply, with a sincerity that didn't sound faked. "Thanks for all of this." she waved her hands around. "Thanks for taking a risk with me."
At that, my complete embarrassment retreated momentarily. I could even afford a certain bravado as I said "Hang on Rachel, we've still gone one more coin toss to go, and I'm feeling lucky." There was a certain absurdity to the notion of me feeling luck right now, but I couldn't believe the night would end without at least seeing this amazing woman's naked breasts.
With an almost shy smile, she offered me the phone, and made her call. It was to be 'Tails'. I tapped the screen, and the coin set off on its final journey of the night.
Of course, just as day follows night, there was only one possible, conceivable result.
'Tails'.
'Tails'. I laughed at that. 'Tails'. I laughed again, and shook my head. Looking at Rachel, I waited for the inevitable victory dance, and was mildly surprised to see something else flicker across Rachel's face. Was that a slight sense of disappointment, I wondered. It disappeared almost as quickly as it had arrived, but just for a second I got the feeling that Rachel was almost sorry to not have to take her bra off.
Nevertheless, she'd won. Any possible disappointment she might have felt in not being forced to go topless was soon compensated for by the realisation that she got to penalise me yet again.
A thousand different scenarios went through my mind. I knew what penalties I'd had in store for her, but I was coming to the realisation that she was objectively more deviant than I'd given her credit for.
"So..." she said, interrupting my thoughts, "... first your penalty, and then... a proposition." She lowered her eyes at that last part, apparently losing her nerve. Before I could question exactly what she meant though, she visibly steadied herself and walked around so that she was now behind me.
"My theme for tonight has been 'evidence'." she said. "Your naked body," she paused and gave me a playful slap on my backside, "is evidence that you've actually been working out." She let her a single finger slide up my spine, and then left a hand placed delicately on my shoulder. Leaning in, she whispered in my ear, "Congratulations on that, by the way."
She then pushed away, and I could hear her begin to walk around again.
"The little show you put on at the last coin toss was evidence that you actually know how to work out." She stopped and gave another critical look. "Albeit, only just." Resuming her stroll, she ended up directly in front of me, and gave me a warm smile. "So your final penalty tonight will also be evidence. Evidence of our walk."
She took her phone out of my unprotesting hand, and twirled it in her hand. "You know, these modern smartphones are wonderful things. So many functions!". I already knew where this was heading before she tapped a finger nail lightly against the phone's camera lens.
With a wicked smile, she raised the phone to her face. "Say 'cheese'!"
******
For the next five minutes I was her model. She had me pose standing up. She had me pose bending over. She had me pose lying on the front of her car. I heard the phone's camera function whirr away as she called out instructions, and part of me wondered why I was doing all this. I knew I could say 'no', but at the same time I knew I couldn't, shouldn't and wouldn't.
Twice we were interrupted.
The first interruption was by a male jogger who came by and ogled Rachel's tight ass for two full minutes. Something about my naked package obviously convinced him against coming too close though, and eventually he moved on. Rachel was too lost in photographing me to seem to worry about his attentions. I even suspected she was deliberately wiggling her ass at him while she moved into position for the next shot.
The second interruption was by a short brunette woman, who was around our age. I feared for a moment that she was coming over to complain about our indecency. We were in a quiet enough suburb that it was unlikely we'd accidentally run into the police, but we certainly didn't need someone going and calling them on our behalf. Thankfully, the early morning crew at the park seemed more inquisitive than inquisitorial.
Equally thankfully, Rachel spared me from a long re-telling of our story. Instead, after a few brief words of explanation, Rachel asked the woman if she wouldn't mind taking a picture of us together. She quickly agreed, and part of me was certainly encouraged by the admiring looks that the woman was casting in my direction. Like our previous blonde companion, her admiration hadn't quite stretched to making eye contact with me yet, and she seemed somewhat focussed on more intimate parts of my body.
In preparation for the joint photo, Rachel threw an arm around my shoulder. As the woman began to play around with Rachel's camera settings, I was shocked to feel Rachel grab my cock in her other hand.
She threw me a questioning glance. As my shock subsided, I nodded. I felt both humiliated and elated at the same time, and I could't honestly say that her touch wasn't welcome.
The woman herself seemed a little lost for words, and seemed to be having difficulties focussing the camera. Eventually though, I heard the camera whirr a few more times, and our jogger friend handed the phone back to Rachel. Rachel checked the photos, and nodded to the woman.
"Thanks." she said, "Can you do me one more favour."
The woman agreed, without even asking what the favour was.
"So..." Rachel said, directing her attention at me again. "You might just want to, you know, cover your face for this one..."
I gulped. "Umm, why... why, exactly?" I said. Part of me knew full well what the answer was going to be.
"Because," Rachel teased, "Me and my new friend here are going to take another photo each. And to give you fair warning, these particular photos aren't going to stay in my private collection. These two photos are going be shared on the Internet. An ever-lasting memento of our walk."
My hands instinctively shot up and covered my face. With both hands covering my facial features, I had to hope that it would be enough for no-one to recognise me.
Behind my hands, I yet again heard the cameras click. It had to be said that neither Rachel nor the mystery woman seemed to limit themselves to just one photo each. They were gracious enough though to tell me when they'd finished so I could remove my hands, and they were true to their word that they wouldn't take pictures with my face showing.
With this final humiliation now enforced, the two women shared an animated conversation, and then bid each other farewell. Rachel made the woman promise in front of me that she would publish the naked photos when she got back home. She was to include the name of our city, but that was it. The expression on her face left me in no doubt that the woman had every intention of living up to that solemn duty. As she disappeared off on the rest of her run, Rachel pointed out the obvious.
"I have no idea who that woman is. I couldn't call her and get those photos back even if I wanted to." she said. She studied me for a moment. "I gave her a way to contact me with the link, so I guess we'll see if she's a woman of her word."
I knew that I no longer had any control whatsoever over those nude pictures. I was at least incredibly thankful that I had a fairly common hair cut, and no identifying tattoos to give away my identity.
I sighed. The game was over, the penalty was paid, and the sun was now peeking over the horizon.
I congratulated Rachel on her overwhelming victory, and went to extract my car keys from my own backpack when something made me pause. Rachel didn't look like she was finished. Not just yet anyway. There seemed to be something on the edge of her tongue, bursting to get out.
After a few seconds of impasse, I simply asked "What is it?"
"I... umm... I have a... proposition." Rachel said. Her voice was slightly uneven, but she got the words out anyway.
I raised an eyebrow in return, and she took this as an indication to continue.
'I have a proposition," she repeated, "one more coin toss."
I froze. What kind of penalty did she have in mind?
"One more coin toss. You win, and my sports bra comes off." her voice betrayed an edge of excitement, as if she was almost relishing that possibility. "I win, and you pay one more penalty."
"What's the penalty?" I asked, suspiciously. I was standing naked in a car park, having just had photos taken of me by a stranger, and if waited around any longer we'd have a crowd surrounding us. What could she possibly have in mind?
She smiled coyly, and walked over to me. Leaning in, she whispered in my ear exactly what she would get me to do. My face went from embarrassed red to shocked white in less than half a second. No. No, no, no, no, no. No way. Too risky, I thought instantly.
And yet.
As Rachel moved back again, she slowly and deliberately peeled up her sports bra so that it now exposed the bottom of her breasts. She stopped just as the material threatened to reveal her nipples. She bit her lip again, and like with every other time she'd pulled that stunt, my heart rate and blood pressure found new heights to scale. I was left with an insatiable desire to complete that movement.
Still, too risky, I tried to convince myself. Way too risky.
"Keen?" she asked, almost pleadingly. Dear God she was sensational. What were the odds of losing seven out of nine coin tosses? The logical part of me screamed out that this wasn't how probability worked, but my fully erect penis was commandeering my entire blood supply, and had also called dibs on my decision making process.
"Yeah... I mean... yes. Yes. One more coin toss." The voice certainly sounded like mine. The logical part of me cried out at the betrayal. My eyes only had time for Rachel's slightly exposed chest though, and I was lost in a daydream as Rachel switched back to the coin toss for what would be the defining moment of our walk.
It was my call, and I vaguely remember calling 'Heads'. As Rachel had done earlier in the evening, I didn't even look at the screen. I just watched Rachel. I watched for her reaction.
The moments dragged by, and I began to panic. I wanted to shout "no!" and back out. What the hell had I been thinking? Had I been thinking? Rachel's third penalty would make what I'd already done seem like the capital city of my comfort zone in comparison. Looking at her though, seeing the excitement etched in her perfect features, how could I not be part of this?
The coin had settled. Rachel stared at the screen, a conflict of emotions. I stared at Rachel, trying to figure out the result by her own reaction.
Then she erupted. "Nooooooo!!" she cried, half-laughing, half-cringing. She bent down on her knees again, and jumped around as she shook her head at the result. "No way! So close! So damn close!"
She turned and sheepishly grinned at me. "Well," she said, "I suppose fair is fair. You've put on a show for me. Perhaps it's only right I finish it off."
She held my gaze, and the outside world temporarily disappeared. Taking her sports bra in her now visibly shaking hands, she slowly teased the material back even further. As my eyes widened, two perfect nipples finally felt the light breeze that had characterised the early morning weather. They were small, but looked extremely firm. Two light-pink diamond-cutters peeked out at me, and I couldn't have been any harder if a team of Swedish cheerleaders had spontaneously appeared for a group make-out session directly in front of me.
"Okay," I said, in the ultimate display of under-statement, "... continue."
She smiled back at me, pleased by my obvious physical response.
She kept peeling the sports bra up and away, and soon she was pulling the garment over her head, her arms temporarily restrained and her head obscured. With her breasts completely exposed, I would have given anything to have my phone immediately to hand, but sadly it was still buried in my backpack.
Her strip complete, Rachel looked shyly at me, and then broke out into a sexy, light giggle. Tossing the bra at me, she then struck a pose, hands high in the air. We shared another laugh, and then just stood there, taking each other in. I was fully naked, she was only topless. Yet despite everything that had happened, and the loss of control I'd felt, somehow I thought I was coming out as the winner.
"Hey, nice tits!" someone called out. Rachel let out a shriek, and threw a protective arm across her chest, a wild grin on her face. Another man out for a walk had stumbled on to us, and was staring gobsmacked at Rachel's exhibitionism.
Ignoring my own state, I reached over and took hold of Rachel's arm. Gently, I moved her arm down from her breasts and left it harmlessly by her side. I proceeded to then turn her around so she faced the man directly.
"Yes." I wholeheartedly agreed. "Yes, they most certainly are." Rachel lost it at that point, and fell into my arms laughing. The man, aroused and confused, just looked on at us dumbly.
"Come on." I said, "Time we left."
She nodded, and gave me a quick kiss on the cheek.
We quickly extracted our keys from our bags. I threw Rachel her clothes, and she returned the favour. Quickly covering ourselves, we then hopped into our respective cars and shared one last look. Rachel ran a hand through her red hair, and then gave me a thumbs-up. I returned the gesture.
Without needing to say another word, I turned the engine on and drove home.
*********
It was the end of the work day. I'd somehow managed to survive a full eight hours in the office while still being in a daze. Questions had been answered, small talk had been exchanged, and the usual array of emails had been sent, and yet I could remember none of it. I only had memories of Rachel.
Still, as the office cleared out for another night, I extracted myself from my seat and fumbled for my phone. It was then that I noticed I had two new txt messages waiting for me. My curiosity roused, I tapped the screen to show the messages in full. I instantly recognised the sender. Rachel.
The first message was a single link to an image sharing site. Not for the first time today, I flushed a bright red colour.
The second message was just two words long.
"lunch tomorrow?"
*****
Author: Thanks for reading everyone. As I said at the start, comments and PMs are appreciated. - EC.