Although the crowd for AntennaCon was a little less crowded than Joey would have liked (like most hotels in Sierra Diabla, the Sandy Gardens Luxury Arms catered to the convention-crowd to stay afloat).
Joey still had a great afternoon showing off his near-authentic,Tony Futurecostume (yellow leotard w/lots of foam rubber and a blue cape), a cult show from back in the day that he was a big fan of (even though it had gone off the air years before Joey had been born, but had watched later in syndication). Joey also enjoyed getting the opportunity to get more time talking and listening to other stars from the TV shows of his youth.
In the "VIP Alley" section of the con, where famous celebs of yesteryear sold photos, autographs & other memorabilia, Joey saw Janet Joyce!
Twenty five years ago, Janet Joyce had been a TV star, most notably her role as the prim & proper Jill on,Jack And Jills, a risque show about a guy living with 2 gals (both named Jill) and for her legendary guest-appearances onTony Future, as the evil & sexy Queen Venusia, leader of the Space-Amazons.
Later in her career, she would become famous again as the spokeswoman for the Booty-Ciser workout tool.
Sitting at her table, signing autographs and smiling to her fans, Janet looked almost the same from her TV years, with her dark and short "Joan Jett"-style haircut and big expressive eyes and lashes, she looked absolutely stunning in her orange turtleneck sweater (which was super-tight and really showed off her tits) and her trademark, super-tight designer jeans. Her assistant (Joey would later find out her name is Kim) was busy handling the money.
Approaching the table, Janet's eyes lit up when she saw Joey in his costume and she screamed, "Tony Future! I love it, get over here!" Once in front of her table, Janet looked him over, up and down and said, "That's a fantastic costume."
Janet motioned Joey to get closer to the table and as soon as he did so, she stood up and ran her hands down his chest & stomach and the fingertips of one of her hands slightly grazed over his cock.Holy shit, is this really happening?!as his body trembled under the touch of the woman who he used to fantasize about while jerking off.
Sitting back in her chair, Janet (somewhat lustily) looked him over, up and down and said, "Wow, you've got a great body. Turn around." as she twirled her finger in the air in a way that said,turn around. Uneasily, Joey turned around and when his back was to her, Janet said, "Lift up your cape, sweetie". Joey lifted up his cape, exposing his leotard-covered ass to Janet's gaze.
"Oh my God!" Janet exclaimed as she reached over with both hands and grabbed the cheeks of Joey's ass and continued, exclaiming to her laughing assistant, "His buns are SO tight. Kim, you just HAVE to feel them!" Joey then felt Kim's hand on his ass, tentatively feeling it.
From behind, still squeezing and caressing his ass, causing him to slightly shiver, Janet said, "What's your name honey?"
Looking over his shoulder, Joey stammered, "Uh...Joey...and I just wanted to say that---"
Interrupting him, Janet said, "Well, let me tell you Joey...you have a great booty and as the official spokeswoman for the Booty-Ciser, I know a great booty when I see it!"
Continuing, Janet said, "It's obvious you work out...I mean, in that costume you can seeeverything" and on the word 'everything', she stared directly at Joey's leotard-covered cock, which was directly at eye level with her.
Blushing & stammering, Joey replied, "Ah, yeah, sorry... it's a little tighter than it used to be." Joey was desperately afraid of getting a hard-on.
"No apology is necessary. I like tight. Tight is good." Janet said as her eyes continued to roam over his body. "That's one of the things that I loved working on Tony Future; I mean...the writing was absolute crap, but everyone wore shiny, super-tight spandex." Looking into his eyes, Janet continued in a naughty & confidential tone, "A little bit of Tony Future trivia that very few people know, but I actually designed the Queen Venusia costume, but my version was a lot sexier and revealing, so much so, that the network censors were too nervous to sign off on it."
Looking down at his left hand, where he was holding a cherished item from his youth, Janet said, "Do you have something for me to sign?"
Still, trying to get over being star-struck, Joey stammered out, "Uh..oh yeah, I'm a HUGE fan of yours from both Tony Future and Jack And Jills and it'd really make my day if you signed my poster!" as more convention-goers began to enter the room.
Unfurling the poster, Janet's already-bright eyes, brightened even more as she held it up. The poster was of Janet in her "Jack And Jills" days, looking over her shoulder in acaught-you-lookinglook on her smiling face, wagging her fingernoas she (slightly) stuck her designer-jean clad butt out.
As she signed the poster Janet said, "Ah, my famous tushy-poster. You know, just like on Tony Future, I had to have the wardrobe department specially design those jeans to be that form-fitting and tight and then..." Janet continued, while rolling her eyes sarcastically, "I had to fight with the network to let me wear them on the show."
Handing Joey the signed poster, she continued, "Plus, these posters made me AND the network a lot of moola. In those days, all of us TV chicks were putting out sexy posters and THIS one made me famous and led to the Booty-Ciser gig. In MY day, actresses had to hustle to make a buck, not just drop out a sex-tape!"
Narrowing her eyes and giving Joey a mischievous smile said, "So, did you have any of these posted on the wall of your room while growing up?"
"Ah...yes" Joey replied.
Looking up, Janet's smile went from mischievous to naughty as she asked, "And did you used to jerk off while looking at my posters?" as she gave Kim a friendly elbow-nudge, eliciting a distracted,I can't Believe Yousmirk from her assistant, who continued to work on her phone.
Blushing and caught off guard by the question, Joey stammered as Janet's playful eyes locked with his, a wicked smile on her face.
Before Joey could answer her question, Janet stood up (to her full height of 5'4), turned around and displayed her (still) perfect denim-covered derriere and slapped her own left ass-cheek, giving it a squeeze and said, "Not bad for an ol gal, huh?".
In her super-tight jeans, her ass looked fantastic and Joey said, "Yeah."
Abruptly spinning around and with a furious look in her eyes, Janet angrily said, "How dare you objectify me!"
His mind spinning, Joey struggled to find words, but then Janet smiled and said, "Just kidding, I'm just busting your balls, which are probably a little cramped in that leotard you're wearing." and then crooked her head to the side, as she stared at his groin.
Aware that more people were gathering around them and Janet's table and now feeling self-conscious, Joey stammered out, "This was a big thrill for me to meet you, but I---"
Seeing where Joey was going, Janet interrupted and looked up at him with her expressive eyes and said, "No, you can't leave. Hang out with us and keep me company! Plus, if you hang out, when the crowd gets here, we can take pictures together and I'll give you half of what we make! Please!" and when she saidpleaseshe made a cute, pouting, sad face.
"OK, I'll hang out for awhile and it'd be super-cool to take some pics with you." Joey said.
Janet's eyes lit up in happiness as she clapped her hands in approval and jumped up from behind her table and gave Joey a big hug, her wandering hands once again sliding down his back to squeeze and grope his ass.
For the next hour, Janet and Joey posed together for pics as she entertained the crowd with off-color stories from her past ("I was the first actress to start shaving her pussy! I mean, I'd actually been doing it before I became famous -- it's kind of a dancer thing.") as she rubbed her body against his, continuing to feel him up, occasionally, "accidentally", caressing his leotard-covered cock, causing him to get hard.
At the crowd's urging, Janet was doing the "Princess Leia Star Wars" pose, on her knees, pressing herself against Joey's leg with her hands placed on the inside of his upper thigh. Janet's teasing had had it's effect; Joey knew he was rock-hard, with his erection barely constrained by the spandex. While trying to think about how to get out of this predicament, Janet said, a little too loudly, "Oh my, is that a laser-sword in your pocket or are you just glad to see me?" with a teasing lilt in her voice as her fingers playfully caressed his inner thigh.
Joey felt his face go red and was keenly aware that everyone in the crowd was staring at his obvious hard-on, barely constrained in his leotard.
Smiling sheepishly, Joey pulled his cape in front of him and turned to get to the elevators in the hotel lobby, ignoring the laughter and comments from the other con-goers.
Once in the elevator, as the doors started to close, Joey was about to hit the button for the parking-level, when suddenly, a small feminine hand stopped the elevators from closing.
With a mischievous smirk on her face, Janet got on the elevator, immediately hit the button for the penthouse and said, "Oh no, you're not getting away that easily!"
In shock, Joey backed into the corner of the elevator as Janet aggressively pressed her body against his, kissing him and resuming her campaign of groping and fondling as she said, "Baby, I'm so sorry for embarrassing you back there, but you looked so adorable, with this naughty cock of yours making a tent in your cute tights." and squeezed his cock as she said this.
Joey started to speak, but had no idea what he was going to say and never had a chance to voice it anyway.
Whispering in Joey's ear as she continued to feel him up, Janet said, "Seeing as I played a big role in your sexual fantasies, I think it's only fair that you help me out with one of mine..."
Trying to deal with Janet (her hands seemed to be everywhere), Joey started to protest, "Janet, I---"
Janet interrupted, "Look, sweetie...either way, I'm going to make you cum; whether you jizz in my hotel room or in your leotard is up to you. But take your time thinking it over; no pressure." as her hand continued to rub and squeeze his throbbing cock.
By now, Joey was super-horny and his resistance had melted away as he weakly grunted, "OK".
As the elevator continued to her room, Janet shared her sexual fantasy...
*********************************
Wearing only his Tony Future helmet and boots, Joey had been tied to the bed, face down and naked.
Janet appeared in the doorway. She was dressed like Queen Venusia, the character she had played on Tony Future, but her costume was far more risqué than the one from the TV show.
The ornamental headpiece was exactly the same (although now made from lightweight-plastics) with a one-piece bustier with thong-bottom made from black skintight latex with matching gloves and thigh-high boots. Long dark lashes and silver eyeshadow matching her lipstick completed the look.
Sashaying into the room with her trademark sexy walk, Janet (in the role of Queen Venusia) said in a loud and clear voice, "I finally have you in my power Tony Future and I'm going to torture and humiliate you with pleasure!"
That was his cue. "You're not going to get away with this Venusia, the Space Defense Force will find a way to rescue me!"
Queen Venusia responded with a hard slap to Joey's ass and said, "We'll see about that Earth-man, but right now, you're nude and helpless!"
Joey trembled as Janet seductively ran her gloved hand from his neck, back and exposed buttocks, pausing to give his right ass cheek a hard, possessive squeeze.
Kneeling between his spread legs from behind, Janet (as Queen Venusia) placed her gloved hands on his buttocks and squeezing them as she said, "Finally, this magnificent ass of yours is in my clutches, just waiting to be violated!".
In the small part of Joey's mind that wasn't consumed with lust, he had new admiration for Janet's acting skills; she was bringing Queen Venusia to life. Further thoughts became impossible for Joey, as Janet's gloved hands spread his ass cheeks apart, so that she could playfully tease and explore the crack of his ass with her tongue. Joey started to moan uncontrollably.
With Janet sensuously licking and tongue-fucking his ass, it was almost impossible for Joey to stay in character; his cock was rock hard against his stomach, still throbbing from a day of Janet's nonstop groping and teasing. Joey and his cock both needed to cum. Soon!
"L-listen Venusia, if...if you-ngkh!" Joey started to say, just before Janet pushed one of her gloved fingers into his ass. Deep into his ass.
As he pulled against his restraints, Joey could only grunt from Janet's finger-fucking and struggle not to cum as her other hand occasionally slapped his ass.
Untying his hands, Janet grabbed him by his hair and imperiously demanded, "Get on all fours, Earth-slave!"
Getting on his hands and knees, Joey quickly felt Janet pushing his head against the pillow as she said, "Assume the position of a pleasure-slave! Buttocks high, legs spread and head down!"
Joey knew (and had reservations about) what was coming next and assumed the position as Janet buckled on her strap-on dildo. This had been a dealbreaker and was something Joey had never done, but Janet had wore him down and eventually talked him into it, promising that, "she would make him love it".
Janet gripped the cheeks of Joey's ass and said, "Soon, everyone on Earth will be sodomized by my female soldiers!" and then gently pushed, filling him.
Joey grunted and gripped the corners of the mattress as Janet fucked him; her voice as Queen Venusia was very different from her regular voice; aristocratic, deeper and domineering, as opposed to Janet's bubbly, upbeat voice. In the back of his mind, Joey had to admit that she was a talented actress, but most of his attention was divided between the strap-on that was now plunging in and out of him and his rock hard cock, that desperately needed to cum!
"Time to cum, slave!" Janet said as she reached around and gripped Joey's cock with her gloved hand, which then started to jerk him off.
As her hand moved rapidly up and down his shaft, Joey broke character and said, "N-no, I don't w-want to cum like th---"
Janet interrupted, "Quiet! You are my slave and I'll use your delicious body as I see fit!" and punctuated her point by thrusting her hips and driving her strap-on deeply inside of him even as her hand sped up its pace on his cock.
In his youth, Joey had had sexual fantasies about both Janet Joyce and Queen Venusia, but they paled in comparison to the fantasy he was living through right now as Janet's sexy imperious voice and her relentless hand in coordination of her thrusting deep into his ass brought him to the most intense and otherworldly orgasm he'd ever experienced.
Joey screamed in pleasure as the sensations kept flying him into higher and higher levels of ecstasy, overwhelming him to the point where he was almost ready to beg for it to stop.
After what seemed like an eternity of tears and cum, Joey collapsed on the bed with Janet on top of him.
Still catching his breath, Joey was caught off guard by Janet rolling him over and straddling him in the 69 position.
"Ha! Pathetic Earth-slave, you came too quickly! No matter, soon, in my Dungeon Of Desire, you'll undergo endurance-training and you'll find it quite difficult to cum with chastity-rings constricting your cock and balls! HA HA HA!" and, having finished her villainous monologue, took Joey's (currently soft) cock in her mouth and began sucking. Hard.
Her thong and strap-on gone, Janet pushed her bare, shaved and very moist pussy against his face as her mouth quickly brought his cock back to life, taking him deep in her throat and somehow, sucking even harder.
Between her speech as Queen Venusia (which Joey thought was incredibly hot and he wanted to know more about the chastity-rings!) and her relentless sucking, he was quickly hard again, but was determined not to cum as quickly this time (especially after the crack about cumming too soon).
Joey had always been in love with Janet's perfect ass, whether she was displaying it in a pair of short-shorts onJack And Jillsor in a sexy thong-leotard in one of her old Booty-Ciser infomercials and now it was completely exposed in front of him; with a hand on each magnificent cheek, Joey pulled it closer to him and his tongue moved from her pussy to swirling over her tight butthole, exploring it before pushing inside.
Joey could feel her squirm and shiver and moan around his cock, her tongue swirling over the head. Joey moaned himself when Janet, once again, pushed a gloved finger into his ass in playful retaliation.
Janet said, "I'm going to make Earth into my personal harem!" and then went back to aggressively sucking cock.
Joey tried to focus on licking and fingering Janet's pussy and ass; struggling not to climax prematurely from what Janet was doing to him - he knew he was in way over his head.
"J-Janet, I...I don't know---" was all Joey could get out before he was interrupted.
Reluctantly pulling her talented mouth from his cock, Janet said, "Goddamn it Joey, stop breaking character!" and then violated him with a second gloved finger as punishment before going back to torturing his cock with her mouth.
For the next few minutes, their erotic duel continued and it was a duel that Joey was losing; he wanted to actually cum in her pussy the way he had always fantasized about, but he knew he wasn't going to last much longer, not with her mouth sucking the life out of him as she sensuously finger fucked him, with both fingers now knuckle-deep in his ass.
Finally, Joey pulled his mouth away from Janet's pussy and pleaded, "Please Ja---Uh, I mean Queen Venusia, I'm not going to last much---"
Joey felt Janet squeeze his balls, preventing his impending orgasm and then spun around, sitting on top of him and took his cock in her pussy.
Joey felt incredible warmth and tightness and then bit his lower lip as Janet started to slowly slide up and down his cock.
Grabbing his wrists, Janet placed Joey's hands on her firm tits and ordered, "Squeeze them, Earth-scum!" as she slid faster on his cock, up and down, milking him.
To his embarrassment, Joey found himself crying as he said, "J-Janet, this-this just feels so incredible...I'm not going to..." finding words difficult with Janet's pussy squeezing him.
Janet whispered, "Jesus Christ, are you crying? Seriously?" as she continued to ride Joey, sliding up and then taking him deep in her pussy.
Janet, close to orgasm herself, laughed and then rode Joey, faster and faster, forcing herself and Joey to orgasm.
Tears flowing from his eyes, Joey could no longer hold back and came again with tremendous force, his hands each gripping one of the cheeks of Janet's firm ass as he emptied himself into her, convulsing for what seemed like an eternity and then passing out exhausted.
The next morning, Joey was woken up by the hotel phone ringing, looking around the penthouse suite, Janet was gone and piled neatly on a chair were a t-shirt and a pair of basketball shorts. Except for his boots, the remnants of his Tony Future costume were nowhere to be found.
Answering the phone, Joey was greeted by a cheerful sounding member of the hotel staff.
"Hi sir? Just wanted to confirm your presence for breakfast at 9:00 in our luxury dining area?"
"Uh, OK" Joey answered.
*********************************
At the hotel's dining area, Joey was seated by an attractive woman in her late 30's with pale skin, short dark-reddish hair and ruby-red lips that complimented her long-lashed eyes accentuated with heavy dark-green eye-shadow. She had some kind of vague, neo-punk look going on.
Joey would later find out that her name was Stephanie.
Smiling as she looked him up and down, Stephanie said, "Wow. Nice legs!", which made Joey a little self-conscious about the slightly too-small shorts that Janet had left him with. Smiling, the hostess said, "The other member of your party said she'd be in soon." and then walked away.
Joey had barely perused the menu when Janet (cheerful, wide-eyed and energetic and wearing a white-blouse with no bra, black boy shorts and sneakers) sat down across from him and said (a little too loudly), "Good morning stud, is your tushy sore?" and then laughed.
Joey blushed and trying to think of what to say, got a reprieve when the waitress took their orders, with both just having coffee (Janet offhandedly mentioned that she'd already had an early breakfast with her crew- the use of the word,crewseemed odd to him, but he didn't realize its importance until later).
Janet reached over, touched Joey's hand and said to him, "Hey Last night was a lot of fun! I've been waiting YEARS to role play out that Queen Venusia fantasy! Thanks for doing that for me!"
"Uh, no problem" Joey stammered out and then, out of genuine curiosity asked, "Did you think of all that stuff yourself?". It had been an elaborate and physically exhausting fantasy.
Janet's eyes and smile grew wider as she replied, "I wish! Naw, most of that stuff was from all the Tony Future erotic fiction that I read online. Some of that shit is REALLY fucking hot and I LOVE the idea that my performance as Queen Venusia inspired so many kinky imaginations!"
Trying to decide how to respond to that, Joey was cut off by Janet.
"And. And, there's something I need to tell you, but maybe it's better if I just showed you..." Janet said, with a very slight twinkle in her eye and slight uncertainty in her voice..
From the chair next to her, Janet took a stack of paperwork (?) and put it on the table and retrieved the laptop that had been underneath it.
Janet opened the laptop facing him and it took 10 seconds to process what he was seeing until the full horror of it set in. Onscreen, a movie was playing. A movie showing Janet, as Queen Venusia, sodomizing him with a strap-on.
"Y-you had that filmed?" Joey stammered out in a loud whisper, watching himself getting fucked in the ass by an icon of classic television. "What...what is this?"
Eyes wide, Janet gleefully exclaimed, "It's a sex-tape! Well...not really a tape. People don't use tapes anymore...but you know what I mean!"
Seemingly oblivious to Joey's state of shock, Janet continued, "It always pissed me off that I couldn't show off my sexy side because of the prudes at the network."
"Y-you can't show that!"
"Oh sweetie, of course I can! A 'leaked' celebrity sex-tape is just the thing that'll rejuvenate my career, plus, it was a LOT of fun, I REALLY enjoyed pounding that cute ass of yours and I think you liked it too!" Janet said, a little too loudly, getting attention from the other tables.
Mind reeling, Joey whispered, "I- I don't want people seeing me get fucked in the ass!"
Giving Joey agive me a breaklook, Janet said, "Sweetie...bubala, let's not forget who's the celebrity here; it's MY sexy ass that'll be getting most of the attention. Anyway, check out what I had my tech-nerds do!"
On her screen, Joey saw the same footage, except now the background was changed. Joey saw himself getting pegged on the Command-Bridge of Tony Future's starship.
"Oh, I almost forgot! I need you to sign this." Janet said as she fished out a single page from the paperwork she had brought with her.
Although still in shock, Joey realized that it was a release form.
Struggling to process everything, Joey stared at the release form.
Urging him on, Janet said, "Look sweety, no one will even know it was you."
Joey was considering signing, but then heard the part of the recording where she yelled at him by name when he'd broken character.
Comically squeezing her eyes shut and scrunching her face, Janet said, "Damn. Terrible timing."
Joey, remembered seeing that face and those mannerisms on a season 3 episode ofJack And Jills.
Pushing the form back towards Janet, Joey defiantly said, "I'm not signing this. You don't have my permission to release...that stuff."
Tilting her head and giving a condescending smile, Janet said, "Look sugar-buns, the toothpaste is already out of the barn; this is already on the internet. Everyone is going to see me fucking that cute little tush of yours, so you might as well get paid for it, right?"
"No. I'm not signing that, and, if it really is on the internet, I'm going to be pissed off and maybe pissed off enough to sue." Joey said with conviction. In the back of his mind, Joey realized the dining area was getting more crowded as the breakfast crowd had started to roll in.
Janet gave him anOh Come Onlook and then seemed to "accidentally" drop her pen and then gave Joey anI'm such a klutzlook as she got out of her chair to retrieve the pen from under the table. At least that's how it appeared.
Almost immediately after Janet disappeared under the table, Joey felt her hands grab the sides of his shorts and yank them down to his ankles, leaving him bare-assed except for his t-shirt and sneakers.
"Hey, what're you do---!" Joey started to say, but stopped when Janet took him into her wet mouth.
Looking around nervously to see if anyone else in the increasingly busy dining room had noticed and tried not to visibly react as Janet started sucking him. Hard.
"J-Janet, c'mon...y-you can't do this here." Joey whispered as Janet took him deep into her warm, wet sucking mouth, ignoring him.
For the next few minutes, Joey squirmed in his chair as Janet continued to suck, lick and tease his rigid cock.
Joey was suddenly distracted from his torture by Stephanie, the neo-punk hostess, who seemed mildly confused by Janet's absence, but asked, "So, everything OK? You two need anything else?"
As he was about to answer, Joey felt Janet's tongue swirling over the head of his cock.
"N-no I-I think we're...ah...good." Joey gasped, struggling to keep his composure as a tongue fluttered over the very tip of his throbbing cock.
"Not trying to hurry you, but as you can see we're starting to get our morning rush, so...do you think you guys will be ready to order soon?"
"Ah...yeah, I don't kno--OH! AH!" Joey moaned as Janet took him deep down her throat, sucking hard.Every time I try to talk, she fucks with me!
The hostess's eyes went wide at Joey's loud moan and she gave him a quizzical look as she asked, "Uh, you OK?"
"Y-yeah I just h-had a cra-OOH! AH AH!" Joey exclaimed as Janet caressed his balls while simultaneously sucking on just the head of his cock.
"Oh-kayyy, I guess I'll give you a few minutes." Stephanie said with a suspicious look and then went back to her station.
From underneath the table, Janet stopped sucking him long enough to say, "C'mon sweetie, just sign the contract so that we can both get on with our lives."
"N-no way, I don't w-wan't people to see th-that video, it'll ruin m-my life! There's NO way you can make me sign it!" Joey whispered, shivering as Janet licked his cock, up and down.
From underneath the table, Joey heard, "Challenge accepted." and then he felt the head of his cock get battered by Janet's tongue as her fingers played with his shaft.
For the next fifteen minutes, as the dining room became increasingly crowded, Joey squirmed in his chair, his hands gripping the armrests as Janet teased and tormented him with her hands, lips and tongue.
Looking up, Joey noticed the older couple (mid 50's) looking directly at him; the woman, attractive with a pale-complexion, very red lips, blue-eyes and short, silver-platinum hair was smirking and gave him a wink when they made eye contact.
"Janet, people are starting to notice..." and in response to this, Janet twirled her index finger over the head of his sensitive cock, causing Joey to jerk in his chair.
Joey noticed that another couple had been seated in an adjacent table next to the platinum-blonde and her husband and the blonde was quietly speaking to an older, slightly-plump woman at the table, very tanned skin with frizzy hair and long nails. Both ladies were staring directly at him, mischievous smiles on their faces; the frizzy-haired lady scolded her finger at him in a "naughty boy" fashion.
After a few more minutes of Janet's torture, his willpower had completely melted away and Joey surrendered.
"O-Okay, you win" Joey gasped as he felt Janet's lips kissing the head of his cock. Joey signed the contract and said, "P-please finish me off b-before we get arrested."
Janet's attentions ceased and she immediately popped-up from under the table and sat in her chair, smiling; the two ladies sitting across from them laughed in delight.
"Why did you stop?" Joey moaned and continued in a desperate whisper, "Please Janet, I REALLY need to cum!"
Looking over the signed page, Janet gathered her paperwork and put on a sad face as she said, "Oh sweetie, I'd love to finish you off, but I'm going to be SO busy marketing and promoting our sex tape, I really need to get going."
"But it was an absolute pleasure doing business with you! Oh, and to remember you by, I'm going to keep these!" she said and held up Joey's shorts.
"Janet, you can't take those!" Joey exclaimed in a loud whisper, his mind racing and struggling to process how he'd gotten to this point and what was happening.
Janet smiled, "Oh Joey, don't bother to get up, I'll see myself out. Ta ta." and then walked away, with a sexy sway of her hips, leaving Joey trapped.
Looking over, the two ladies sitting across from him were watching the whole situation with delight.
"Oh my gosh, I think he's nude under there!" one of them said and both were laughing and craning their necks, trying to get a better look. It was only a matter of time before they drew attention to him.
Joey tried to pull the tablecloth down a little to cover himself, but it was too short and he almost caused a water glass to fall onto the floor.
Joey's mind was racing, trying to figure out how he was going to get out of the crowded restaurant without his shorts. His thoughts were interrupted by Stephanie.
"Okay honey, your friend said you guys were done, so we're just going to change the tablecloth and settings. Thanks so much for dining with us." Stephanie said. There was a slightly impatient and no-nonsense edge to her voice.
Without giving him a chance to reply, Stephanie motioned and the bussing-staff appeared and started to clear away dishes. As soon as the tablecloth was removed, everyone would see he was naked under the table, with a throbbing hard-on! The two older ladies were gleefully aware of this and were watching with rapt attention, curious as to how this would all play out.
Joey was wondering that as well.
The busgirl started to grab the edge of the tablecloth and Joey knew there was no time to think, he just had to run.
Joey leapt to his feet to run and immediately started to fall over; Janet had tied the shoelaces of his boots together.
Grabbing the nearest table, Joey kept himself from falling, but it was the table of the two older ladies, who began to immediately laugh and say, "I knew it!".
Stephanie the hostess seemed to be in shock for a moment as she stared at Joey's nude form. Laughs, whistles and catcalls had started and a few pulled out their phones.
Joey turned, looking for an escape route and as he did so, the older platinum blonde laughed, pinched his ass and said, "Look at those sexy buns!".
Even though he was frozen in fear and embarrassment, Joey wanted to cover his face and his nudity, but couldn't do so, as he needed his hands free to keep from falling over.
To his dismay and embarrassment, Joey noticed one smiling lady in her late 30's with frizzy Jersey hair and tight designer jeans, recording him with her phone.
Getting over her shock, Stephanie said to Joey, "Put your arm around my shoulder; we're going to leave through the kitchen!" and then stared down at his hard cock and said, "Wow, nice cock."
Completely embarrassed and unable to cover himself, Joey said, "..." and with Stephanie's help, he "hopped" his way, through the busy restaurant, ignoring the laughter and comments and moving towards the kitchen.
Both had forgotten about the remaining bachelorette party girls who, after partying all night, had been seated in the back of the restaurant.
"Ohmygod!" the still-drunk, bride-to-be screamed when she saw Joey hopping towards her table. Blonde, wearing a tiara and slightly heavy-set, the bride exclaimed, "I can't believe you guys got me another stripper and this one
is already naked!" and the other four bachelorettes, who ranged from still-buzzed to hung-over, looked at each other in confusion and for answers.
With Stephanie's help, Joey almost made it to the kitchen's double-doors, but the Bride (Joey would soon find out her name was Val) reached out with amazing speed and grabbed Joey's hard-on and squealed with delight.
"Hey!" Joey yelled, trying not to keep his balance as Stephanie was still pulling him towards the kitchen doors. "Let go of---"
Joey's protests were cut off as Val grabbed him by the cheeks of his ass and pulled him into her mouth, getting shocked reactions from her friends as she began sucking his cock, which was still hard from Janet's teasing.
Equally shocked, Joey started to pull away as he said. "No, you c---!", but Val gripped the cheeks of his ass and pulled him deeper into her mouth as she sucked even harder.
Joey couldn't help moaning in pleasure; while Val was nowhere near as skilled as Janet, she sucked him off with intensity, determined to suck off one last cock before she was married.
Val's semi-sober friends were now into it and started chanting, "Go Val! Go Val!!" as their hands roamed over his body, occasionally slapping, pinching and squeezing his ass.
Also into the blowjob, was Joey, who no longer had the willpower to resist, especially once Val started smacking his ass in tune with the chanting, while her other hand gripped his right ass-cheek, making sure he couldn't get away.
The Jersey-hair chick and a few others, jockeyed for positions to record Joey's involuntary blowjob with their phones.
"N-no, d-don't record this!" Joey moaned, trying to cover his face with his one free hand, distracted by Val's mouth, which was trying to suck the life out of him.
"What the fuck are you doing, let's go!" Stephanie said, an annoyed tinge in her voice as she pulled on his arm, trying to drag him towards the kitchen.
"W-wait, hold on." Joey gasped as Val's relentless mouth was sucking him towards the point of no return, her head bobbing up and then plunging down, taking him to the back of her throat.
"WHAT?!? Fuck that!" Stephanie said, pulling on Joey's arm and almost making him lose balance, "Not going to lose my job or let the place get shut down just so you can get sucked off by some random chick. Sorry, not sorry."
Joey groaned as he and his cock (leaving Val's mouth with a loud pop) were pulled towards the kitchen doors, forcing him to have to keep hopping and using his free hand to better balance himself, instead of using it to cover his face or nudity from the other patrons, including the ones recording him on their phones.
Joey had never felt this scared, embarrassed and horny.
With Stephanie guiding him, Joey finally hopped through the double-doors and found himself in the kitchen, facing a few very surprised waitresses.
"Ladies, out of the way, we've got to get him out of here!"
Ignoring Stephanie, the waitresses (all dressed in white-shirt, black ties and tight black dress pants) began laughing and catcalling as they approached and then surrounded them.
Lorraine, an African-American waitress in her late 40's stared at Joey's hard cock and said, "So this is the cute guy with the nice legs? You didn't think to mention--?"
Stephanie interrupted, replying and nervously laughing, "At the time, he wasn't running around bare-assed, he was wearing shorts!"
Carol, a red-haired waitress in her early 50's with a smoker's voice said, "I didn't know hot buns were on the menu today." and then gave his right ass-cheek an appreciative slap, causing the other waitresses to laugh.
Walking through the double doors, were the patrons who had been recording Joey on their phones and seeing him, continued to do so.
"Hey you assholes, get the fuck out of here!" Stephanie yelled at the civilian-paparazzi, but they ignored her, taking on that mixed demeanor of entitlement and obliviousness that phone-recording civilians take on.
"You two, get him out of here!" Stephanie said to Carol and Lorraine.
Stephanie slid out from under the crook of Joey's arm, leaving him temporarily without support and struggling to balance himself, as his boots were still tied together by their laces.
As Stephanie chased the patrons out of the kitchen, Carol and Lorraine got on either side of Joey and under the crook of each arm, helped support him. Joey could feel their hands on the cheeks of his ass.
"Easy, we got ya, sweet-cheeks." Carol said and then coughed/laughed and then followed up, "What's wrong with your feet?" as she fondled his ass.
"M-my laces got tied together" Joey murmured quietly and then asked, "Does anyone have something I can wear?"
Still staring at his hard-on, Lorraine said, "No." and then asked, "So, is this some kind of white-boy, frat house, gay hazing shit?"
At a loss for how to explain his situation, Joey just sheepishly said, "No." and wished he could cover his nudity, but was unable to, with his arms wrapped around the shoulders of the two waitresses, who were physically supporting him, even as they groped and squeezed his bare ass.
One of the other waitresses, a young Latina with penciled-in eyebrows and auburn hair pulled back in a bun, moved in front of him and asked, "Then why are you runnin' around bare-ass naked?" and then added, "Not that I'm complaining..." as she stared at his erection.
Without havinganyidea of what he was going to say and really wishing he could cover his nudity, Joey started to answer, but was distracted by Maria reaching up under his shirt and tweaking his left nipple just as Lorraine started running her fingernail up and down the crack of his ass, teasing it and making him squirm.
Some of the other waitresses were walking around him, checking him out and Joey could feel them occasionally caressing him and this, along with getting his ass and nipples toyed with, got him even harder and leaking pre-cum.
And this was noticed by Carol.
"Jesus Christ, look how hard his willie is!" Carol laughingly exclaimed, drawing everyone's attention to his cock and then flicked it with her index-finger.
"Ooh! Ah! H-hey, don't do th-that!" Joey gasped.
Ignoring him, Carol did it again, making Joey grunt.
Joey was about to protest about all the woman-handling, but at that moment, yet another waitress stepped up in front of him.
Gina was short with black-hair in a pony-tail, a nose-ring, a few tattoos peaking out from under her clothes, was the youngest of all the waitresses and gave off an aura of "making it about her".
Looking at her best friend, Maria, Gina smiled and asked her, "Yo, you dare me to suck homeboy's cock?" which got laughter.
Enjoying being the center of attention, Gina exclaimed, "Y'all know me! I'll do it! I'm crazy like that!"
As she pinched his right nipple, Maria said, "Aw, see, now you're in for it!"
Looking to make sure that everyone was watching, Gina fell to her knees and steadied herself by putting her hands on the front of Joey's upper thighs and his throbbing cock, very, very close to her mouth.
"Y'all don't think I'll do it?" Gina said and then licked the head of Joey's desperately-hard cock. Joey felt her tongue ring rub against his glans.
"F-fuck!" Joey gasped and instinctively tried to pull away from the waitresses holding him in place.
"Whoa Nellie!" Carol laughed and then went into a coughing fit, but her hand never left his ass.
Looking around for the exit, Joey noticed that the rest of the kitchen staff had stopped working and were watching the show.
Jesus, I need to get the fuck out of here before s---Joey started to think, but his thoughts were interrupted by the sensation of Gina's tongue and tongue ring fluttering over the tip of his cock.
Looking up at him and seeing that she had Joey's attention, Gina said, "Am I boring you chief?"
Carol yelled at Gina, "You gonna suck the poor kid's cock or not? He can't be waiting around all day, he's gotta get back to his frat house or whatever!"
Pausing from licking the base of Joey's shaft, Gina looked up at Carol and asked, "So, you dare me? You dare me to suck his dick?"
Carol rolled her eyes and said, "Sure whatever honey, I dare you." and then said to Joey, "Don't say I never did nothing for you sweet-cheeks." and then gave his ass a playful slap.
Joey trembled as Gina took him into her mouth and lightly sucked him.
Withdrawing her mouth from his cock and holding it in her hand, which was very slowly, sliding up and down, Gina said to Joey, "You ready for me to take your soul motherfucker?"
Gina took Joey back into her mouth, her head bobbed up and down a few times before once again stopping to say to him, "I'm gonna make you scream my name, bitch!" before sucking him again.
Finally Joey was beginning to enjoy Gina's mouth and tongue-ring, until Carol, always looking for an excuse to push Gina's buttons, did so.
"Are you kidding me, is that as deep as you can go? I can take him deeper than that and I've got emphysema!" and started laughing, as did everyone else except Gina who was still sucking and Joey, who was trying to ride the sensations.
Unable to let Carol's joke about her cocksucking skills slide, once again, Gina stopped sucking and said, "Yo you old hag, you think you can do better, why don't you come on down here and take on homeboy!"
Carol replied, "Look skank, if my knees weren't shot I'd---"
Desperate to cum, Joey finally lost it and interrupted, "Jesus Christ, just suck me off already!"
Squeezing his cock, Gina angrily said, "Yo, I know you ain't talkin' to me motherfucker, you don't fuckin' know me! I'll bite your fuckin' dick off!" her hand slowly moving up and down on the shaft she gripped.
Joey froze in fear, but his cock throbbed in her hand as he said, "Sorry, sorry..."
Looking around, Gina said, "Anybody dare me to bite his dick off? Y'all know I'll do it!"
Thankfully, that's when Stephanie reappeared in the kitchen along with the head cook, who looked like an angry head cook.
Looking around, the cook said, "What the fuck is going on?! No food is going out, nobody's cooking and this naked fuck is standing in my kitchen!"
Trying to placate the cook, Stephanie said, "They were SUPPOSED to get him out of here, sorry. I'll explain later...although I STILL have no idea what happened!" and glared at Joey.
Grabbing him by the arm and making him hop towards the kitchen exit, Stephanie said, "Let's go!" and gave his bare ass a hard slap.
As they exited the kitchen, they could hear the cook, "And after you get this food out, I want EVERYONE to wash their hands; I don't give a fuck whether you were touching that naked guy or not- that shit is unsanitary!" and then continued, "And as for you Gina, this is the third time you've done that shit, do it again and you're gone, I expect better from the Employee Of The Month!"
Once outside, Stephanie helped Joey get down the stairs and into her car (which she had moved, thinking they might need a quick getaway), with Stephanie complaining about it ("Why are your fucking boots laced together anyway?").
Once on the road, Stephanie exhaled and said, "Well, hopefully I didn't just lose my job." and as they drove in silence, Stephanie noticed that Joey was covering his cock with both hands.
Raising her eyebrow, Stephanie said to Joey, "Seriously?"
Still very embarrassed, Joey moved his hands. His cock was straining upward.
Stephanie pulled over in a quiet spot and said to Joey, "Two things: I want to know what the fuck just happened back there AND I think we need to take care of your friend there. It's distracting me while I drive and I think you'd feel better." glancing down at his cock as she said this.
"You OK with that?"
Joey nodded yes.
"Good. There are three options: One, you can jerk yourself off. Two, you can let me jerk you off and...Three, I can suck you off." Stephanie said all of this very matter-of-factly.
Continuing, "My preference, is to suck you off because it's less messy and, I just like sucking cocks."
Mouth very dry, Joey said, "Y-yeah, the...the third thing would be great. Th-thank you."
Stephanie smiled, said "Fantastic. Keep an eye out for cops." and then leaned over and took Joey into her mouth.
For about a minute, Stephanie worked Joey's cock with a light amount of suction and exquisite tongue-work. Joey knew he wasn't going to last long.
Stopping, Stephanie said, "One thing, I want you to grab me by my hair and push my head down, like, as if you're forcing me to do this. OK?"
Joey said, "OK."
Stephanie started to take him into her mouth again, but stopped and said curtly, "And, don't judge me. You're in no position to kink-shame anyone, considering whatever exhibitionist-bullshit you're into is what got you in this situation in the first place, OK?"
Joey said, "Yeah, sure OK." and then pushed Stephanie's head down on his cock.
Stephanie resumed sucking and tonguing as she made fake protest-y whimpers while pretending to try and pull her mouth off of Joey's cock, which he was "forcing" her to suck. Joey noticed that she was using one of her hands to play with her pussy.
As she sucked him, it occurred to Joey that this was the fourth time in an hour that his cock had been inside a woman's mouth. He thought it probably wouldn't be a good idea to mention this.
The sucking and tonguing intensified until Stephanie took Joey deep and Joey could feel the head of his cock rubbing against the back of her throat.
Groaning and struggling not to cum before Stephanie did, Joey held out as long as he could, but Stephanie's mouth was incredible, bobbing up and down, the suction slowly increasing as her tongue swirled around his cock, finding all the sweet spots and teasing him.
Overcome with passion, Joey found himself aggressively pulling Stephanie up by her hair and pushing her head down, forcing her head to bob up and down, his cock hitting the back of her throat, which constricted tightly around him.
It was too much.
"Suck it you fucking bitch, suck it!" Joey growled, unable to help himself, but those words seem to trigger Stephanie into orgasm, making her suck harder which finally pushed him over the edge.
"RRRaargg!" Joey grunted as he came into Stephanie's sucking mouth, swallowing him.
It seemed to go on forever.
Stephanie kept sucking his now very sensitive cock, making Joey try to pull her head off of him, but she wouldn't allow it.
"Please...I can't take it." Joey begged and at that point, she stopped.
As Joey sat in silence, Stephanie swallowed some mouthwash, opened her car door and spit it out.
"We both needed that." Stephanie said.
"Sorry for calling you a bitch...it's been a tough day."
Looking at him and smiling, Stephanie said, "No, that's what made me cum! Honestly, I wish you'd started the dirty talk earlier, but that's something we can work on in the future."
The future? She wants to see me again!
"OK, now thatall of thatis out of the way, what happened to those cute little shorts you were wearing, why were you hopping around bare-assed in my restaurant?"
"It's...it's really embarrassing." Joey said, his mind now brought back to his current and, probably, upcoming troubles. Forcing him to face them.
Slightly pissed and more curious, Stephanie demanded, "I don't give a fuck, tell me. And tell me EVERYTHING, don't leave anything out!
Joey told her everything, Stephanie getting wide-eyed at the details, occasionally laughing and occasionally getting turned on.
After Joey was finished, Stephanie sat back, took it all in and said, "Wow. Yeah, I KNEW she looked familiar; I used to watchJack and Jillsall the time."
More silence.
Suddenly, Stephanie sat up grabbed her phone and started searching for something.
"What?" Joey said.
Smiling, Stephanie said, "I'm looking online. For your sex-tape."
Alarmed, Joey said, "No, I don't want you to see that!" and reached out to take her phone away.
Pulling away from Joey and with a playfully angry look on her face, Stephanie slapped his hand away and said, "Fuck. That. I may have lost my job over this thing, I'm going to watch it!"
Looking at her phone, Stephanie exclaimed, "Found it!".
Joey was miserable and even more embarrassed than he would've thought possible.
Smiling and making a big production about it, Stephanie held her finger over the play button of her phone and said dramatically, "Let the entertainment begin!" and then pushed play.
After a few seconds watching, Stephanie said, "Wow. You two just get right into it."
Eyes still glued to her phone, Stephanie smiled and said, "You have a great body!"
Joey blushed.
Tweaking her nipple through her shirt, but still watching Stephanie said, "Fuck, didn't think I was into watching hot guys get fucked in the ass, but, here we are. Yep, that's one of my kinks now."
Glancing up at Joey, Stephanie teased, "Wow, the editing and lighting in this are on point. You can see everything and I do mean,everything."
"OK, I'm just getting myself worked up looking at this, so I think I'll just save this and watch it later."
"C'mon, I don't...I don't want you watching that."
Stephanie, her eyes wide and expressive, laughed and said, "Are you fucking kidding me? Do you even know how wet I am right now?"
Looking back at her phone and using it, she continued, "No, sorry, you and your sweet ass now have a permanent place of honor in my spank bank."
"This way, in case we don't work out, I can just load up this vid and frig myself off to it. And let me tell you, I'll be studying this video like it's the Zapruder Film."
Something Stephanie said, stuck with Joey and he said, "Why wouldn't we work out?"
"Well, for one thing, we're both submissive."
"I'm NOT submissive."
Stephanie gave Joey anOh Come On Nowlook and said, "Joey...you let someone tie you up and then fuck you in the ass - that's pretty fucking submissive."
Joey was wishing she'd stop bringing that up.
Stephanie started up the car and said, "Anyway, let's get you back to your dorm."
"I still need to find something to wear."
"My gym stuff is in the back seat."
As Joey went through her gym stuff to find something to wear, Stephanie looked at him, smiled and said, "That part of the tape when you were crying...is it fucked up that I thought that was hot?"
"No. Not at all" Joey lied.
************************************************************
After Stephanie pulled up to Joey's dorm, they said their goodbyes and made tentative plans for a proper first date.
Getting out of the car, Joey once again, felt embarrassed.
The only thing in Stephanie's gym bag were a VERY tight pair of boy-shorts that barely covered him. But it was better than nothing.
There was a good number of people around and Joey had planned to make a run for his dorm room (he had finally had time to untie the laces of his boots so that they were no longer tied together.)
After a few steps, Stephanie honked her horn a few times and yelled out the window, "HEY THERE BABY, NICE ASS!"
This drew a lot of unwanted attention to Joey and his skimpy boy-shorts and he froze for a second and then made a run for his room.
Fucking Stephanie!
Joey ran past multitudes of students, most of whom were laughing, whistling, catcalling or pulling out their phones to record him.
Many of them (male and female) made grabs at his cock and ass as he ran past them.
Jesus Christ, I've spent the whole weekend getting grabbed and felt up; can't I get a break for two fucking minutes!
Finally getting into his room, away from all groping hands and phones recording his embarrassment, Joey was ready for a nap.
On his desk, was the poster that Janet had signed and that he'd lost track of because of...everything.
Wait, how is that here?
Joey realized he wasn't alone.
"Love the shorts!" Janet Joyce said, lying on his bed; she was wearing a vintage t-shirt from the 70's and a pair of tight cut-offs.
Startled, "How'd you get in here?"
Smiling, Janet said, "Well, I did have your keys and wallet, soooo..."
"That was seriously fucked up what you did to me?"
Thinking, Janet said, "Which, secretly filming you for a sex tape or leaving you half-naked in the restaurant?"
"Both!" Joey exclaimed.
"Yeah, sorry about that sweetie, I just needed a little more leverage?"
"Leverage?"
Getting off the bed, Janet walked closer to Joey.
"Yeah, sweetie, I couldn't risk having you causing any drama around our sex-tape thatyoureleased, which by the way, is already breaking sales records!"
"What? I didn't release that, you did!"
"Nope, according to records, you sold it to an LLC, that sold it to an offshore media group, that, yadda-yadda, blah, blah, blah - anyways you get the point."
"But that's a lie!"
Now standing in front of him, Janet put her hands on his chest and said, "Oh my goodness, you're just so precious!" she sounded condescending.
Taking on an exaggerated voice and demeanor of purity and innocence, Janet continued, "So if you were to go to the authorities, I'd have to explain how innocent ol' me got seduced and hoodwinked by some pervert who claimed to be a fan, who begged me to indulge in his sick fantasy, and, out of the goodness of my heart, I agreed only to be repaid by that sicko recording our tryst and then releasing it on the internet."
Janet put her face in her hands and pretended to cry.
Janet said dramatically, "And wouldn't you know it, the very next day, that weirdo went streaking in a public restaurant!"
Abruptly dropping her act and now having her phone in hand, Janet pushed the PLAY button and displayed the screen.
Oh no!
Joey's heart dropped as he saw phone footage of himself, nude except for his t-shirt, hopping around the restaurant, trying to make his escape with his boots tied together. In the video, his hard cock, ass and very panicked face could be clearly seen. Too clearly.
"Fuck! That just happened this morning, how is it already online?"
Now standing next to Joey, Janet gave him an affectionate pat on his ass as they watched the footage loop and said, "Yeah, my team works pretty fast."
Holding her camera, Joey continued to watch the embarrassing footage, vaguely aware that Janet had moved behind him.
Staring down at Joey's ass, barely covered in the girl's size "boy" shorts that Stephanie had given him to wear, Janet said, "Gotta say Joey, your buns look great in these shorts." and then palmed the cheeks of his ass and then squeezed them.
Continuing in a more direct tone, all playfulness absent from her voice, Janet said, "OK, on to business, I'll have my guys take your little streaking escapade off the internet, but it can always go back up, just as quickly, capiche?"
Joey nodded and then said, "Yeah."
Her tone softening, Janet said, "Since I have you and your cute little tush bent over a barrel, I think we'll continue to see each other. Consider it a 'fans With benefits' kinda thing."
Janet collected her things and her phone from Joey's hand and said, "Oh yeah, two things: I found your checkbook and I took one of them, so expect to see your cut of the sex video start showing up in your checking account - It's actually looking to be a lot, so you might want to pay off your student loan or get a financial guy or whatever."
Janet opened the door and was about to leave, "Oh yeah, and the other thing, next time we see each other, make sure to bring those cute little shorts!", flashed him a mischievous smile and was gone, leaving Joey still stunned and staring at the closed door of his dorm room.
EPILOGUE:
For the next two months, things were pretty quiet for Joey; he continued to see Stephanie, who still teased him about being a "porn star", he was able to pay off his student loan and no one seemed to connect him with the Queen Venusia sex tape.
Cos-Con (a cosplay convention) was coming up and Joey had decided not to go this year (especially since it was being held at the Sandy Gardens Luxury Arms, the same hotel where he'd had his AntennaCon adventure), but Janet was a celebrity guest and had made it clear that his attendance was mandatory and reminded him to bring those tiny boy-shorts she liked seeing him in.
Joey had not told Stephanie about his "arrangement" with Janet and felt somewhat guilty about that.
Deciding not to go as Tony Future this year, Joey instead dressed up as a Time Robot, dreaded enemies of Tony Future. Joey's costume was slightly more clunky and janky than the TV version and somewhat difficult to walk in with a limited field of vision, but he was positive that no one would recognize him from the last AntennaCon or the sex-tape he had been made an embarrassing part of.
Joey would be proven wrong on this.
Joey was pleasantly surprised at the high attendance compared to AntennaCon's and was enjoying lumbering around, although he still avoided the Celebrity Panel area as well as the restaurant where Stephanie still worked, for fear of getting recognized.
Checking out the different costumes and exhibits, Joey was completely caught off guard when he was grabbed and pushed into a room.
"Hey!" Joey exclaimed. He heard the sound of the door being locked from the inside.
Joey found himself in a conference room with three girls in their early 20's. They were all cosplayers and they seemed vaguely pissed.
Two of the women were on either side of him and were holding him firmly by his arms, as if they were holding him in place.
One was dressed as "Pixie", the mischievous faerie who loved partying, dancing and raves; a main character from a 15 year old show called,Supernatural Sorority. The cosplayer was about the same short height as the actress who played Pixie, had bright blue-hair and blue-tinted gossamer wings and was wearing
a halter-top, short-shorts, sneakers and fishnet-stockings, all of her clothing different shades of blue and completing the ensemble were too many bracelets on her wrists and a blue pacifier hanging from a neck chain.
On his other side was an African-American chick with braided hair and an athletic body, dressed as, "Athena" from another old syndicated TV show,The New Adventures Of Athena, wearing the formidable-yet-skimpy flexible brown-leather armor corset and skirt that displayed her firm breasts and very strong thighs. Later on Joey would notice that the leather skirt barely covered her tight ass.
With a pair of leather boots and a (fake?) sword, Cosplayer-Athena's outfit was very faithful to the show, basically being a sexualized idea of what some TV producer thought a Greek goddess would or should wear.
In front of him and seeming to be the leader was a blonde with very bright-blue eyes, a deadpan facial expression and a Farrah Fawcett haircut dressed as Major Dale Gray, leader of the Space Defense Force and romantic sidekick to Tony Future. Her military uniform consisted of a one piece shiny red spandex jumpsuit that was super, SUPER-tight, as per the original series (the original actress actually had to be sewn into her spandex pants).
Both Pixie and Athena were holding him by the arms in a way that made Joey think that they were almost channeling the confidence and strong personalities of the characters they were dressed as. Joey knew that some cosplayers could get like that.
As Joey was being held, Major Dale walked up to him, a little too closely, looked him in the yes and said, "You're a piece of shit, you know that?"
"Wait, wait, wait--hold on---!" was all that Joey could get out before he was interrupted by Major Dale.
"You plagiarized my work and, if that wasn't bad enough, you ruined the reputation of an iconic actress of television!"
Joey was completely confused; in the back of his mind, he thought that Major Dale was simultaneously legit angry, but also acting "theatrically" angry too.
Continuing with angry and accusatory blue eyes, "Your crappy, but still kind of hot, sex-tape used direct quotes and scenarios from my erotic fan-fiction and, AND, you tricked Janet Joyce into role-playing out your pervy sex-fantasies and THEN, filmed it, invading her privacy and---!"
Athena interrupted, "Wait, I mean it's your fan-fic, soooo, don't you mean he tricked Janet Joyce into role-playing outyourpervy sex-fantasies?"
Major Dale seemed to think about it and replied, "Well, yeah, but, I mean, c'mon you know what I meant Athena!"
Still holding a firm grip on Joey's arm, Athena said, "OK, I hear you girl."
"I was on a roll too!" Major Dale said, pouting.
As they had been talking, Joey had pieced together what Major Dale was accusing him of, and he went quiet with fear.
"I heard about that, but that wasn't me!" Joey lied.
Looking at Joey with narrowed eyes (which somehow made her look even angrier), Major Dale said, "Bullshit! In the recording, Janet called you, "Joey" and Pixie found out that someone named, "Joey", had used their cosplayer-status to get into Cos-Con at a reduced rate and used the same discount-code at AntennaCon and I'm pretty sure that someone, is you!"
Joey thought about running, but realized he wouldn't get far in his costume.
Continuing her interrogation, "So in addition to being a plagiarist and a perv, you're also a liar!" and then amended, "I'm actually OK with you being a perv, I don't believe in kink-shaming, but..."
"S-seriously though, I don't know who this Joey guy is..." Joey said.
Rolling her eyes, Major Dale pulled out her phone, touched the screen and showed Joey something he didn't want to see. At that moment.
On Major Dale's phone, was the sex video showing Joey, completely naked except for his Tony Future helmet and boots, fucking Janet from behind.Her pussy was so wet and tightJoey thought, remembering that night.
Holding the phone close to his face, Major Dale said, "So you're telling me this isn't you?"
"No. No, that's not me."
Major Dale pretended to contemplate this and then said, "Well, in the video, the guy is wearing a helmet, so we can't really see his face, but we can still see the rest of him, in GREAT detail..."
Pixie chimed in, "I really love his ass!"
"Oh most definitely, that ass is on point!" Athena agreed.
Other than the compliments about his ass, Joey didn't like where this was going.
Major Dale put on an insincere smile and said, "So to prove you're not him, I guess we'll just have to compare your bodies."
Her smile transformed into a half-smile, half-snarl as Major Dale looked Joey in the eyes and said, "Strip."
To be continued?