He was just looking out the window - he did that on occasion, trying to escape from work - when he saw her. It was her white-blonde hair that caught his eye. The sun gleamed off it. Hard to ignore.
She walked into the hotel; he caught just a glimpse of her before she was out of sight. Shrugging, he turned back to his work.
But the best laid plans... He grew tired again, and turned to look out the window. Across from him was the blonde.
His office overlooked a hotel, but it was rare that he saw anyone in the room across the street, especially in the middle of a workday. Most business stiffs checked in and went right out again, off to their meetings or appointments or dinner engagements.
Not this woman. He watched her as she moved around the hotel room. Through the window he could see the whole room; the sliding glass doors leading to the small balcony, the hotel-standard queen-sized bed with its ugly coverlet, a squat chair and round table. The usual furniture for a hotel room.
Curious, he studied her as she unpacked her suitcase. She was tall, but curvy, with full breasts and ample hips. She wore the typical corporate uniform - a navy blue skirt, navy blazer, crimson blouse, pantyhose and sassy red heels. Her platinum hair curled gently over her shoulders and around her ears. She wore simple, wire-rimmed glasses, and her face was gentle and round. She smiled as she worked, and it caught his attention. She had a sweet smile.
Must not be a long stay - she had only a few things - but it was obvious that she was here for a very high-class event; the dress she pulled from her suitcase was long, red, and clingy. He lost sight of her in the shadows of the room as she stepped away to hang up the dress, but she was back a moment later. She'd left her blazer behind, and he could see more clearly the blouse she wore: slightly ruffled at the wrists, a low - but not plunging - neckline that showed just a hint of cleavage.
She stretched and sat down on the bed, then wrinkled her nose, and he almost laughed aloud. He felt the same way about hotel beds, but they were a necessary evil. She stood again, and walked over to the sliding doors. The ugly curtains framed her, fading into the background next to her good looks.
He froze. She was looking right at him. But that was impossible - the windows were mirrored from the outside. No one could see in to his office. That was part of the appeal of this building for the partners. People who came for legal advice didn't want to be gawked at.
Regardless, he could have sworn that she was looking at him. She licked her lips, moistening them with the tip of her tongue. Idly, almost absently, she lifted one hand to her mouth and started to suck on her index finger.
The temperature in his office suddenly rose ten degrees - or was it him? He groaned softly, glad that he'd closed the door against the traffic in the hall. Seeing her finger sliding in and out from between her painted lips made him realise that he had been growing hard all this time.
She couldn't possibly see him, he thought. If she did, she wouldn't be doing what she was doing now - slowly unbuttoning her blouse, taking her time, her generous breasts heaving with every breath she took. Every once in a while, she would look right at him, and he had to catch his breath.
She tossed the blouse onto the bed behind her, and turned back to the window. The red satin bra stood out in sharp contrast to her creamy skin. Lace edging lay against the inside curves of her breasts. Her tits were magnificent, huge and heavy, and he groaned again, feeling his cock shift in his boxers.
He could have sworn she winked at him, before turning her back. Her hands moved to her waist, and she unzipped her skirt, letting it fall to the ground. She wore a red garter belt underneath it, with tan-coloured thigh-high stockings. She stepped out of her skirt, still wearing her red pumps. When she leaned over to pick it up, he realised that she was not wearing underwear.
He clapped one hand over his cock and stroked it, gently at first, then faster. His own private striptease. She couldn't possibly know that he was watching, which made it all the more erotic. Tossing her skirt onto the bed, she turned back to the window, and he caught a flash of blonde hair above her pussy. A natural blonde. He would have laughed if he hadn't been so aroused.
She pressed her body against the window, just enough to cool her breasts - it must have been for that, because her nipples suddenly stood out in sharp relief against the bra. She half-closed her eyes, pressing her cheek to the glass. Her mouth opened; it looked as though she was moaning. The perfect red 'O' of her mouth was intoxicating, and he stroked himself faster.
She looked out the window again, and again he could have sworn that she knew - KNEW - that he was there, touching himself to the thought of her. She took off her glasses, sucked on the end of them for a moment, and then turned to set them on the table nearby.
With her back still to him, she unclasped her bra. He held his breath, waiting for her to turn back. When she did, he finally beheld her breasts in all their glory.
She had to be a triple-D, at least. Her breasts were heavy and full, and she took one in each hand, lifting them, as if presenting them to him. She rubbed them against the cold glass of the window, rolling her eyes with pleasure. He moaned, stroking himself harder.
When she lifted one breast to her mouth and began to suck her own nipple, he could stand it no longer. Praying that he wouldn't be interrupted, he unzipped his trousers and pulled his throbbing cock from its cloth prison. He gripped it, full-handed, sliding the foreskin back and forth over the head. He felt ready to explode.
But her show was not finished. She lowered her breast from her mouth, licking her thumbs and rubbing them against her nipples. They had to be hard enough to cut glass - she was practically writhing in pleasure from the sensation. Finally, she took them between thumb and forefinger, rolling them, her mouth open, tongue out... and she licked the window.
He came, hard and long, emptying his load across the window in his office. She licked the window again, still fondling her huge breasts, and he shuddered as he climaxed again.
She pressed her naked tits to the window, slapping one hand on the glass and reaching down to her cunt with the other. One finger slid into her body. Her mouth opened, her eyes closed... He could almost hear her orgasm.
Slumping back in his chair, he laughed weakly. He looked past the smear on the window to the woman in the hotel room. She was smiling. She licked her finger clean, and then waved - WAVED - to him. Slowly, she closed the curtains, and his private show was over.