Arriving home Friday afternoon I told Misty I had to make a trip to a client's site early the following week. She asked where I was going and how long I was going to be there. I told her it was a town about 200 miles away and I was planning on leaving early Sunday morning returning Wednesday evening.
As we ate dinner later in the evening Misty asked if she could come along on the trip. I told her it was fine with me if she came but she would probably get bored while I was in my meetings. Misty said she'd be fine and would find something to do while I was working. Now my trip was looking better with Misty to keep me company during the four hour drive and three night stay.
After a relaxing Saturday we started packing for the trip in the evening. I packed the typical items I take on a job related trip plus some clothes for going out now Misty was going too. I checked on Misty's progress and she had two garment bags already packed and was finishing packing an overnight bag with cosmetics and personal items. I asked if she needed any help and she said she was about finished.
Waking up early Sunday morning I dressed in jeans and a long sleeved tee shirt and started loading the 300ZX. Misty came out a little later with her bags dressed in a pair of tight fitting faded jeans and a sweater. After loading the car we decided to get something to eat down the road and headed out.
We drove about thirty miles out of town and stopped at a diner we knew of for breakfast. After eating we paid and headed back to the car. Before we left we took the tee tops off the 300ZX and stowed them in the back of the car. With our hair blowing in the breeze we headed back down the interstate.
Driving down the road the weather was warming up and was feeling really nice with the tee tops off. After a while Misty said we should stop to get something to drink and she could use a bathroom break. At the next exit I came to with a gas station I pulled of the interstate headed to the gas pumps. After we stopped Misty headed to the restroom while I filled the car up with gas.
I finished filling the car and waited for Misty to return from the restroom. When she emerged I saw she had removed the sweater and now had a white knit top on she must have been wearing under it. As she approached the car it was obvious she was not wearing a bra under it because her tits were lightly bouncing and swaying unencumbered as she walked towards me. The white top was stretched tight enough across her 36C breasts the darkness of her silver dollar sized areola could be seen through the thin material.
As Misty got to the car her erect nipples were poking out from the shirt which just drew my sight to her lovely breasts. She tossed her sweater into the back of the car and said lets head in for some sodas and give the truckers a thrill. She must have noticed the six trucks at the truck fill island and the drivers inside paying.
When we got inside we saw five of the truckers and two couples who were also getting gas and items from the store. We walked around the isles picking out a few snack items and sodas for the drive. As we passed the other people in the store it was interesting watching as they tried to look at Misty's tits without being obvious about it. One of the men even caught an elbow from his overweight wife for starring at Misty getting a snicker from Misty and myself.
We headed to the counter to pay for our gas and other items after finishing wandering around the store. The young kid working the counter could not take his eyes off Misty's tits as we paid. I'm sure the fact her nipples were sticking out even further from her standing in front of the soda cooler helped keep his attention transfixed on her tits. This had to be one of the stories he would tell to his friends that they would call bullshit on. After paying we headed back to the car with Misty's tits bouncing delightfully under her top.
Heading back down the interstate I told Misty how great she looked in her white top and I was sure the other men enjoyed seeing her in it also. She said she it was fun watching them trying to look without being seen. She then gave me a sly grin and said the other drivers on the road would probably like this also. With that said she pulled her top completely off leaving her sitting there in only her jeans.
Now we were cruising down the interstate with Misty's tits totally bare with the tee tops off the car. The 300ZX was low enough so even regular cars could see Misty's tits as we passed them while pick ups and 18 wheelers would have a really nice view. I set the cruise control at 70 mph and as we drove I was admiring the sight of Misty's bare breasts as was anyone else who happened to see her in the vehicles we passed. We don't know how many people noticed her riding topless but we did get a few honks from the truckers as we passed them which Misty answered with a wave out the tee top.
We continued on with Misty topless for awhile and the whole time her nipples stood out hard showing her excitement to being exposed as we drove. The time just flew by and in no time we were at the exit to the hotel we were staying in. Misty put her top back on as we hit the off ramp and headed to the hotel. While checking in the hotel the clerk at the counter was trying not to be obvious about looking at Misty's tits but was having a hard time keeping his eyes off the dark circles showing through her top. After registering we headed up to our room to relax for awhile. In the room we lounged around for awhile and eventually napped off waking up in mid afternoon.
Being a Sunday we knew not much would be going on in town so we decided to get a shower and cruise around the town to check it out. After showering I dressed as Misty dried her hair and applied some makeup. When she finished primping she put on a pair of tiny white thong panties and a light blue sundress she got out of her garment bag. The dress came to about mid thigh and buttoned all the way up the front. She left the top two buttons open at the top showing a nice amount of cleavage and her nipples pushing bulges in the fabric made it obvious she wasn't wearing a bra.
After dressing we headed out and drove around the town for awhile. As expected it was quite and not much was going on. We saw a few places we planed on checking out in the next few days. We ended up stopping for a couple of drinks at a little bar and grill not far from the hotel.
Upon entering it took a few seconds for our eyes to adjust to the dim lighting after being out in the bright sunlight. Once our eyes adjusted we saw the bar ran along the wall on our right with tables along the wall on the left. At the far end of the building two pool tables sat long ways to the bar with a drink rail and bar stools running around the walls.
We sat at the bar and ordered a beer for me and a screwdriver for Misty. The bartender brought our drinks to us and we ended up talking to him for awhile. He told us the place got busy on Friday and Saturday but it was slow the other days. That was evident with only us and three other people in the place.
There were two guys about our age sitting at seats about the middle of the bar and an older man sitting at the end of the bar. The older man must have been a friend of the bartenders because after talking with us for awhile he went to talk to him. After the bartender left we discussed some of the places we saw and things to do during our stay while drinking our drinks.
After we finished our drinks Misty suggested we shoot a few games of pool before we have dinner. We got another round of drinks and headed to the pool tables. Placing our drinks on the bar rail by the pool table Misty went to get a stick while I racked the balls. Misty returned with a stick we would share and I told her it was her break.
She broke and made a solid ball. She made two more balls and with each shot I had a nice view of either her long legs as the dress pulled up in the back or a nice amount of cleavage in the front as she bent over to make her shot. Her dress sure made playing pool a spectator sport the way it showed off her body.
As I was shooting my shots Misty sat on the bar stool sipping her drink. Sitting on the high stool with her legs crossed showed a lot of leg from under her dress. I made three balls before I missed an easy shot which Misty asked how I could miss that one. I told her it was because she was distracting me while I was shooting. She said really with a sly grin as she headed to shot.
Misty's next shot was from the end of the table towards the main bar and she had to reach to shoot the shot. Misty's legs showing from under her pulled up dress were not missed by the two guys sitting at the bar. They watched her shoot her shots and were talking to each other.
When Misty missed came back and she sat on the bar stool. She said I hope I don't distract you too much this time but while saying this she was unbuttoning two bottom buttons on her dress. Now sitting on the bar stool with her legs crossed the dress fell away enough to show her whole thigh.
As we talked the two guys at the bar must have decided they wanted to get a closer look at Misty shooting pool in her sundress and headed over to the other pool table. The guys set their beers on the bar rail across the pool tables from us and headed to get some pool sticks. I said to Misty it looks like you attracted an audience with your distractions. She said lucky them they will get to see how easy it is for me to beat you tonight. I said good luck it will take more than a little teasing for you to beat me.
I shot a couple of shots before missing and returning to our seats. Misty got up to shoot her shot letting the hem of her dress fall into place. With the bottom two buttons undone the opening in her dress was just an inch or so below the crotch of her thong. Just standing the dress looked normal but as she walked to the other side of the pool table the dress would gap showing a generous amount of her inside thigh. As Misty got into place for her shot the two guys returned with their sticks. They sat on their bar stools and watched as Misty contemplated her next shot.
With her back to them Misty looked at me with a grin on her face while she discreetly reached up and flipped the third button open at the top of her dress. This let the top gap open to the bottom of her tits showing the inside swell of her breasts. Misty then leaned forward to take her shot while mouthing to me I was going down which I mouthed back I hope so.
The two guys behind Misty had a view of her dress riding up as it did earlier but the view I had from the front was definitely different since her alteration to the top button. As Misty lined up her shot I was staring down her gaping dress being able to see almost to her waist through the cleavage of her hanging breasts. I was not able to see her nipples but I was able to see most everything else. Misty made her shot in the side pocket with the cue ball ending up at the end of the table closest to the bar.
Misty walked to the end of the table and surveyed her options for her next shot. As she bent forward to take her shot I had a view from her right side and with the top gaped open the whole left tit was exposed nearly to the nipple. Her left leg was extended opening the bottom of her dress so the inside of her leg was showing almost to her thong panties.
One of the guys was at the other table beside Misty racking their balls and stealing glances while the other one was still sitting on his stool just watching her. From their angle they could not see much with her left arm outstretched steadying her cue but I'm sure they saw enough to keep their interest. Misty made her shot leaving the cue ball at the other end of the table for her next shot. She walked up to me on her way to the other end stopping to give me a kiss before she continued on to the end of the table.
The two guys were now back together at their stools drinking their beers and talking which stopped abruptly as they noticed Misty lining up her shot. They now had the same view I had of Misty on her previous shot and were now staring at a generous amount of tit cleavage and a whole lot of leg showing. I watched as one of them mouthed the words holy shit to the other one.
Misty missed her shot and came back to sit on her stool. As she sat down this time she did not sit with her legs crossed this time. Instead she sat with her knees together letting her dress part on each side of her legs. I went to the other side of the table to shoot my shot. I was looking at Misty as she swiveled in her seat to reach for her drink and doing this she let her legs part enough to show her tiny thong panties. She turned around and smiled at me letting me know she knew just what she was doing.
While I was lining my shot I looked up at Misty and she turned to face me spreading her knees a little to show her panties to me again. Her distraction must have worked because I missed my shot and came back to where Misty was sitting.
When I got to her I stood in front of her placing my hands on her knees spreading them apart and stepping between them. I told her teasing me like that was dirty pool and said it was my turn to play dirty now. With that said I reached down between her legs grasping her tiny thong pinching the triangle patch together while pulling it up between her pussy lips. She was now sitting there with her pussy lips exposed being parted by her little thong.
I stepped back from between her knees and she closed her legs a bit but not all the way. I turned to sit on my stool as Misty slid off hers to go shoot her shot. I don't know if her audience was watching but if they were they probably got a flash of her pussy lips. They still hadn't started to play their game yet they were still drinking their beers and watching us play.
Her next shot was from the corner and she would be facing the two guys who were watching intently as she was standing there. As Misty bent over to take the shot their eyes got wide at the sight they were getting. I couldn't blame them because I knew the sight they had from the same angle a couple of shots earlier. They stared transfixed at her with her dress top agape showing most of her tits hanging unrestrained as she made her ball in the corner pocket.
I ended up winning the game even with all her distractions and we ended up shooting another game. The next game went on the same way as the first with Misty showing a lot of leg and most of her breasts as we played. The two guys never did start playing their game. They ended up getting a couple more beers and just watched us.
When we finished playing we decided to quit shooting pool and have a drink at the bar. About that time one of the guys came over and asked if we wanted to shoot a game with them. We told him we were finished shooting and were going to have a drink before we went to dinner. I'm sure they were disappointed Misty didn't play pool with them in her state of dress. They would have loved having a closer view of her legs and braless tits in her dress unbuttoned as it was.
Misty and I went to the bar and got another round of drinks while the two guys started playing their game. As we sat and drank our drinks we watched them and it was obvious neither one of them were good at the game. They both just slammed balls around the table hoping that one went in. This confirmed my earlier thought that they only came over to the pool table to get a closer view of Misty.
After finishing our drinks we thanked the bartender and headed out to dinner. We ended up eating at a steak house across the street from the hotel. Misty buttoned up the bottom of her dress before we went in but left her top three buttons undone. As we ate it was entertaining watching or young waiter trying to steal glances down Misty's dress every time he came to our table.
When we finished eating the waiter came to the table with our check which I gave him the money for and he scurried off with. I told Misty she should give him a thrill when he comes back with our change. She asked me what I had in mind and I said give him something he could brag to his friends about. She just looked at me and smiled.
When he got back to the table with the change he put it on the table by me and thanked me for coming in. As he turned towards Misty she had unbuttoned the fourth button allowing her to pull her top open exposing her gorgeous tits to him. She said thank you for taking good care of us. He just stood there with his mouth hanging open as we got up and walked away. We walked out with her nipples distinctly pushing out against the material of her dress which was now gapped closer to her belly button than her tits.
Driving across the street to the hotel Misty told me she had fun during the night and she really enjoyed showing off to the waiter. I asked her what was so special about showing the waiter your tits and she replied it was because I asked her to do it. She told me it was the first time I had asked her to flash somebody and it really turned her on having me tell her what to do. She continued by saying it made her feel more comfortable knowing I wanted to show her body off. I told her I would do it more often but I liked her surprising me with her exhibitionism also. Misty told me she would continue that also.
We arrived at the hotel and made our way to the room were we talked some more. As we talked our conversation came around to us playing pool earlier. Misty said she wished we would have had more time to play pool with the guys at the bar. When I asked her why she replied it was exciting knowing they were watching as she showed her body to me while we played. Continuing she said it would have been fun to tease them some more.
I mentioned to Misty she teased them for two games of pool and enough for them to come over to the pool tables for a closer look. Misty looked at me and told me she really wanted to show them more of her body and it would have been a huge turn on for them to know she was intentionally exposing herself.
At first I was confused by her saying this but as I thought about it I realized what was happening. As a dancer in a strip club she was addicted to the attention she received while stripping. She liked the fact she made good money dancing but when we talked about her stripping when she first started she had told me her favorite part of the job was showing off her naked body to strangers and it thrilled her to turn them on being a fantasy to them.
I figured her attitude from work was affecting her now she was more comfortable showing her body in public. When we first started exposing Misty's body in pubic she wanted it to look accidental or as an innocent oversight. Now Misty was talking about blatant exposure which we experienced a little bit of throughout the day.
I asked about her new attitude on exposing herself in public. Misty replied at first she was concerned about being thought of as a slut but now she was not worried about it anymore. She continued by saying it would be fun dressing and acting like a slut at times and had thought about it since we started exposing her. Misty then said she would love to be my little showoff slut and I could dress her and expose her whenever I wanted to.
This surprised me hearing her say this and I replied I was sure I was going to love her slutty side. She told me she looked forward to being my little slut and it was going to be a lot of fun for us. Misty did make it clear while she was my showoff slut I could do with her body what I wanted to but the fucking would be just between the two of us.
This was not a problem for me because we both knew our relationship was a monogamous one and neither of us had any intent of being with anyone else. I didn't have any thought of sharing Misty with anybody else and I told Misty of this. She replied by hugging me and telling me she loved me.
We finished the night off in bed having great sex. After we finished I called the front desk and left a seven AM wakeup call with them because this was a working trip for me. I wasn't looking forward to working in the morning but couldn't wait to see what adventures Misty and I would have during the rest of the trip.
Please check back for the continuing adventures of this trip in part 2.