Part 4
Today we had set aside time to spend relaxing together. We had some breakfast and went for a swim in the ocean. Maddie wore one of her older green bikinis that while wasn't as small as the yellow one, it still showed a lot of cleavage but a little less ass. The morning went by uneventfully which was a nice change of pace after the last few days. We decided to get a little day drunk by ourselves and both had about 6 or 7 drinks by lunch time when we made our way to the pool area.
Maddie went for a little dip in the water while I found us some lounge chairs to hang out on. After claiming the only available space with 2 chairs, I put our stuff down and reapplied sunscreen. I turned to see where Maddie was and found her talking to the same four guys from the other day. It excited me to see those guys giving her attention and knowing they all wanted her caused a familiar tingling in my shorts. I saw them start to splash each other jokingly and one of them even came up behind her and started rubbing her shoulders while they all talked.
I got a text notification so I reached in the bag to check. It was from Martina, "I was looking at the picture again when I got home. As I was looking, I noticed at the top corner there's this orange figure. I zoomed in and I'm pretty sure that was Mateo, and judging by his face in the picture and the way he was staring at us later, he got a good look at our tits."
"Oh wow, I didn't notice that before," I text back.
"We'll have to do it again some time." She replied.
I sent an emoji back and I looked up to see a different guy was rubbing Maddie's shoulders and she was acting like nothing was happening. A minute later she waded over to me and laid down on the lounger next to me to dry off. She sat face up and I could see the outline of her nipples poking through the thin material. This bikini didn't seem to have any padding and you could see the shape of her nipple through the material.
Half an hour had gone by when we heard a man with a bull horn announce that there would be a dance off and the winners of the competition would get a free spa package and a bottle of tequila. This apparently piqued Maddie's interest as she loves dancing, so she convinced me to check it out with her. A crowd of about 30 people (almost all in bathing suits and bikinis) gathered to sign up as they claimed it was for all levels of dancers. Maddie signed us up knowing it's not my thing, but I went along with it. They explained in the rules that they would play some music and cut it off when one of the key words "Rum, Whiskey, or tequila" was said. This was everyone's cue to stop and pose in the position correlating to the specific word. If the word rum was said the man was supposed to dip their female counterpart. If the word whiskey was said, everyone had to pose in a close embrace, clasping their hands and back. When the word tequila was said the woman had to jump into their partner's arms and be caught. In between those words the contestants were supposed to dance with a different partner and after every pause, if caught in the wrong pose or still dancing they were eliminated.
Everyone made space and the music began with a small crowd observing the event. Maddie and I danced together and were having a great time when we heard the first key word "whiskey". I held her close and we were face to face as she gave me a little kiss and I gave her butt a squeeze. We looked around and saw a few couples were eliminated and as they left the music started up again. I grabbed the closest woman who smiled as we danced a respectable distance from one another. Seconds later the word "whiskey" is said again and I held her lightly albeit close to my body. I turned to see Maddie in a similar embrace about 15 feet away with a random man smiling back at me. About five couples were eliminated and left as most did the wrong pose. The music resumed and I found another partner. We danced a short while before the word "Rum" was said. I tried to dip my partner but my freshly sunscreened hands let her slip and with that we were both eliminated.
I apologized to the woman who didn't seem to mind too much before looking around for Maddie as I made my way to the sideline. I saw that she had found one of the four guys from before who was shirtless and holding her up with her stretched out for him to observe up close. The music started back up and by this point there were only 10 people left. The crowd had grown to about 30 people creeping closer as more people were eliminated. Some of them were spouses like myself, waiting for their partner to be eliminated and the rest were men ogling the women as they danced. A man I didn't recognize was dancing with Maddy next and the word tequila was said and Maddie jumped into his arms and he barely held her up. While the music paused, his hand slipped and they were eliminated.
This drew the ire of the crowd as they didn't want Maddie to be eliminated since it was the other guy who dropped her. The announcer asked for a volunteer to dance with her for the next round so the game could continue. I was about to volunteer when a familiar voice beat me to it. Mateo, who was one of the organizers, stepped in and took Maddie as the music started again. They danced as close as we had in the start and he seemed to be pretty skilled. The word tequila rang out and Maddie jumped into him. As she leapt, she slipped through his hold but was caught by his hand planted firmly on her ass. I could swear I saw his hand squeezing her cheek before the music continued and they switched. The only remaining guys to dance with were the guys from the pool and Mateo who all took turns dancing closer and closer to Maddie with every round.
I wasn't the only person noticing this as the guy beside me, who introduced himself as John said aloud, "that girl in the green bikini sure is enjoying herself out there. I wish I was still in the game so I could get a feel of those perky tits pressing against me."
"Yeah, look at those bounce around in that bikini. You know I think I saw her making out with a woman in the tequila bar last night, I wouldn't mind getting me some of that." Another person commented.
"Totally, I wouldn't mind grabbing a handful of that ass either," John added.
Taking in all these thirsty comments I was sure they didn't realize she was with me so I thought I would add to the banter. "She's the whole package, wouldn't mind seeing those tits bounce some more if you know what I mean. I might shoot my shot after the contest."
"Yeah man I'd pay to see that. If my wife wasn't with me, I'd be right behind you, and her," the man said with a wink.
"Hell, if you strike out, I'll take a shot at it," John said confidently.
We all silently agreed and went back to just watching the dancing.
The game continued until there were only two pairs remaining including Maddie, Todd and Mateo. The two men seemed to have developed a bit of a bulge in their trunks which they seemingly took the opportunity to rub on Maddie as they danced. Maddie saw me through the crowd and shot me a smile while dancing with Mateo just before the word tequila was said. Maddie panicked, and having been distracted by me, jumped straight into Mateo head on and wrapped her legs around his waist and he hugged her close. The pose was not unlike the position I hold her in when we're having sex against a wall. I see she looked like she was beginning to slip but she kept scooting her body up to improve her grip. This action caused her to trap Mateo's bulge between their bodies and as she scooted herself up his body and slid down, she rubbed the underside of his cock along her slit behind the fabric of her bottoms.
Maddie felt this sensation and shuddered in unexpected pleasure, feeling the start of an orgasm begin to build. The pause was longer than previous ones as onlookers watched them struggle expectantly. I was enamored at the scene that looked a lot like she was openly grinding on him in front of everyone. I noticed that as he held her, he was whispering something in her ear which caused her to smile.
"Are you guys watching this? She's grinding all over that guy, I like your odds," John said without taking his eyes off her.
The music started back up again and Maddie went to Todd who unabashedly was sporting a tent in his trunks and was now poking Maddie with it in her belly button as they danced closely. The word tequila was said again and Maddie jumped into Todd the same way she did Mateo but he had a much better hold. Meanwhile Mateo seemed to be teetering again with his partner. I saw Maddie had turned her head to look at the other couple struggling when she had a sudden look of shock. Her eyes went wide and her jaw shot open as she spun her head to face her partner. I looked closer and could swear that they were rocking ever so slightly and Todd seemed to be clenching his butt intermittently.
My attention was broken as Mateo dropped his partner and Todd's buddies rushed over to high five him. He released one hand to meet his friend's and it caused Maddie to fall back with Todd holding on and falling with her. He fell forward onto her with her legs still wrapped around his back and one of the friends on Todd's back. The guy on top of Todd pushed against his back as he got up putting further pressure on what I'm sure was Todd's cock against Maddie's bikini clad pussy. As this was happening, I thought I could see Todd thrust a few times as he climbed off.
Todd and Maddie collected their prizes and she gave him a big hug and a kiss on the cheek then she came over.
"Hey there hot stuff," Maddie said to me.
"Hey yourself!" I replied as we started walking away together. John was little shocked that it was seemingly that easy to get her, stood there dumbfounded. "That got a little wild at the end there huh," I said.
"Oh my god you saw all that?" She said looking a bit guilty. "All the guys kept saying how hot I was and I was just feeling so good so I went along with it. I was figuring you would get a bit of a show. I don't know if you saw but Todd was starting to get hard while we were dancing and when he fell on me, I could feel it push against me." She admitted, a little guilty.
"I thought I saw something but I wasn't sure," I replied pretending that I didn't just see her almost have a guy's dick enter her. Meanwhile I had that pang in my stomach and a semi hard cock in my trunks that I was trying to hide from everyone.
"Mateo told me he would drop the girl in the next round so that I could win," she revealed.
"That was cool of him," I replied.
"He told me I had to call him when I opened the bottle so we could have a drink together," she said mischievously. "The spa as it turns out is only valid on Monday mornings though so I have to go before we leave."
We hung around the pool for a few more hours during which we spent some time in the water and had some drinks as well. Meanwhile more and more people stopped by to say hi, congratulate Maddie on her win and introduce themselves. One of them being John who had a good laugh when I revealed that Maddie was my wife and as it turned out he himself had his wife with him as well. There were a few awkward encounters that were obvious attempts to ogle Maddie which she played along with knowing it would drive me crazy. I had to spend some of the time face down since I was getting a little too excited. John even asked me while Maddie was swimming if we wanted to get together with his wife and see where it would go. I panicked a bit and didn't know how to answer so I kind of danced around it until Maddie returned.
I told Maddie about that part of the conversation over dinner at the steak house and we had a good laugh about it. It was a rare quiet evening for us and we finished it in our hot tub where we got to talking about the last few days.
"Getting all this attention has made me feel really good about myself, I haven't felt this confident maybe ever. I hope we're not taking this too far the last couple days, it's one thing to get hit on and flirt with these men, but this afternoon I almost had a guy's cock pressed inside me. I feel a little guilty that it made me so wet and I don't know if I want to take that any farther. Is it part of your fantasy for you to see me with other men?" Maddie said divulging the feelings she's been struggling with.
"First of all, I don't want to do anything you're uncomfortable with so if at any time you want to pull the plug, we can do that. My fantasy has always been kind of vague in that regard, like, I don't want to become swingers if that's what you're asking. I won't say I've never thought about it though. I just want to explore some of these feelings that I've been having with all the attention you've been getting. Everything that's happened so far on this trip, while some of it initially made me a little uncomfortable, it's also made me extremely horny and always leads to us having amazing sex. I think we'll just have to find out where our boundaries are. When it doesn't feel right for either of us, we can just stop it right there no questions asked, deal?" I said, trying to explain.
"Deal," Maddie replied.
"I just love you and I appreciate that you're willing to help me explore my sexual fantasies. Are there any fantasies you want to try?" I asked.
After a few seconds of thought Maddie replied "I've always had a bit of curiosity towards other women. When Martina kissed me and then Amy the other day, I melted into them and I was getting so turned on. I might want to explore those feelings a bit more, if Roger hadn't tried to slip his hand down my pants I might have last night," Maddie says with a giggle.
"That guy is super horny. He gravitated towards you both times we've seen him, trying to push your boundaries," I said, placing a hand on Maddie's leg. "Though, I wonder what would have happened if you let him."
"Mmm, yeah, he's pretty charming for a guy his age. He gave Amy a lot of attention as we were leaving too, I wonder where that went. I'm also pretty sure Jason and Amy are swingers, and I'd bet most other people in that bar were as well," Maddie adds.
Just then Maddie's phone buzzed and she looked at the message. It was from Amy saying "I heard you guys won some tequila, how about we stop by and have a few drinks."
Maddie read me the text and asked me if we should invite them over. "Sure," I replied.
"Well, if we're opening it, I guess we'll have to invite Mateo as well," she added.
She sent a bunch of texts and everyone said they would be there within 20 minutes. Maddie looked at me with a mischievous grin and went back to the bathroom. She came out 2 minutes later wearing the yellow bikini and slipped back in the water to cuddle up next to me. We started kissing and she sat on my lap, straddling me. She took my hand and slid it down her stomach and into her bikini bottoms. I started to massage her clit which she immediately reacted to with a gasp. I increased my speed and Maddie responded by grinding harder into my hand and letting out silent moans that escaped her mouth. I pulled her bikini top to the side and took her nipple into my mouth, sucking and licking as I went.
"Fuck, I'm so close babe. Keep rubbing with my clit just like that." Maddie said under her breath.
Just then I saw in the corner of my eye, Jason and Amy coming down the path so I paused what I was doing and Maddie covered up her tits before they were near. As they got close, we waved them over to join us.
"Oh man we would have brought our suits if we knew you had a hot tub," Jason said.
"I have an extra suit and Maddie can lend Amy one if you guys are interested," I said to them.
They agreed and they went to the bathroom to change. Jason came out and was followed by Amy who was laughing that the bikini didn't quite fit. We all got into the hot tub and were about to pass around the bottle of tequila when we heard a knock at the door. I answered it and Mateo was there waiting to greet us with a big smile. He noticed that everyone was in the hot tub but like the others he wasn't instructed to wear a suit.
"Don't worry I'll just wear my underwear," Mateo announced before stripping down to only his tight, white boxer briefs and taking a seat next to Maddie.
Holding the bottle of tequila, I slid in on the other side of Maddie. The tub said it was meant for up to 6 people but with the present company, everyone was a bit cramped as it was shoulder to shoulder. After the bottle made its way around a few times I opted to take a break and sit on the edge so everyone could have a bit more space. For Mateo to fit he had his arms outstretched behind Maddie on his left and Amy to his right. Now that he had the space, he put his arms back into the water.
"So, tell us about that hiking trail that you took these guys on, it sounded like a lot of fun," Amy asked Mateo breaking the ice.
"It's one of my favorite excursions here, there's all kinds of wildlife and cool things to see. Towards the end we pass by a beautiful natural spring that you can access if you take a riskier path, though we don't normally go that way. The spring this week was particularly beautiful, wasn't it Maddie," Mateo said now smiling at Maddie.
"It was, we snapped some great pictures there," Maddie replied a little confused.
"Can I see? I am always looking for new pictures for the brochure," Mateo asked.
She handed him her phone and he started to scroll though the 10 or so pictures they took. "These are great, you even got one with me in it," he added.
Maddie looked at which one he was talking about as she didn't remember him being in any of them. He pointed to the topless one, specifically to the top left corner at an orange figure.
Maddie, finally realizing what he was talking about, was a bit shocked. In her embarrassment about flashing him, she started to blush with her mouth agape.
Mateo realized he might have made her uncomfortable and said "Don't worry Maddie, you have nothing to be embarrassed about, you have a magnificent body. Besides, the bikini you have on right now shows almost the same amount of skin."
"What he means to say is you should be proud of your body because it's beautiful," Amy added, which did make her feel better about it. "But he's right about that bikini, your tits look delectable in that top."
Maddie, regaining her confidence, exchanged a hungry look with Amy before asking, "Would you like a closer look then?" She reached for one of the shot glasses that no one had used and poured a shot. She too the glass and placed it between her tits and squeezed them together to hold it in place. "How about a shot?"
Amy didn't have to be told twice as she crossed the tub and Maddie stuck her chest out to meet Amy's face as she bent over, ready to accept her perky tits. As Amy's face made contact with her chest, Maddie held the back of her head and made Amy motorboat her. She only got half the shot with the rest splashing around Maddie's chest. Amy started to back away she but noticed that she had made a mess. "Don't worry hun, I'll clean that up," she said as she dove back in to lick the inside of her perfect breasts, before working her way closer to Maddie's right nipple.
All three guys were sitting there enjoying the show as Amy's hands reached up and caressed the sides of Maddie's tits and pushed them together while she lapped up the tequila. With only me above the water and my cock starting to swell in my trunks, I wondered if the other men were having a similar reaction. As Amy reached the edge of the fabric, her tongue slipped underneath, grazing Maddie's areola that was just barely covered. From experience this drives Maddie crazy and just as Amy began to pull at the fabric of the top, she felt a little resistance from where Maddie was holding the back of her head. Amy took this as a hint that she wasn't quite ready for that just yet, and that she might just need some encouragement.
Amy started backing off and said "ok now it's your turn Maddie."
She held the shot glass out which I filled for her and she mimicked what Maddie had done. Maddie hungrily leapt forward into Amy's breasts and took the shot, barely spilling any this time. She lingered for a while to lick the sides of her tits and caress the sides before shaking her face between them in true motor boat fashion.
Amy noticed that Jason was looking a little left out so she turned to face him and grabbed the back of his head and forced it into her chest alongside Maddie. With their heads touching and each mauling a breast Amy let out a groan. Jason started going to town squeezing her left breast licking and kissing as he went and Maddie figured he could take over from here. She backed away, still admiring Amy as she enjoyed the sensation her husband was giving her. As she tried to sit back on the bench where she came from, she found the sides of two laps. She wiggled her ass to try to squeeze back in while placing a hand on either of mine and Mateo's thigh. When she managed to get settled, I started running my hand along her left leg. As I worked my hand up and down her leg, I felt another hand on her other leg around her knee. Mateo must have rested there due to the lack of space with us all now in the tub.
I was contemplating what to do next when Amy announced, "sorry Maddie but hubby gets the VIP treatment." She reached behind her back and untied the bikini top while Jason was still mauling her tits and she pulled it off exposing her large tanned tits with dollar sized, puffy, pink nipples. She took the bottle and started dripping it down the front of her chest for Jason to catch which he did and more. He sucked on her nipples a bit more before surfacing.
"Now it's a party!" Mateo said enthusiastically.
Maddie turned to me, grabbed the bottle from Amy and she took my head with her free hand. She forced it between her tits and repeated what Amy had done but without removing her top. I caught as much as I could while I squeezed her chest together and even slid my hand underneath to tweak her left nipple. I traced circles around the right one with my tongue through the bikini causing Maddie to let out a little moan which everyone heard. She then stuck her barely covered ass out and Amy took the opportunity to grab it as her hand reached it with a slap. Another hand came smacking down on her other cheek forcing an unexpected yelp from Maddie. This time it came from Mateo who decided to test his luck after she didn't remove his hand from her knee earlier.
The sexual energy was high and while I was working on Maddie's chest long after the tequila was gone, I opened my eyes to see Amy topless and Jason continuing to play with her tits while Amy played with Maddie's ass. I whispered to Maddie "Mateo looks a little left out" (though with the show he's getting I'm sure he didn't mind).
Maddie took the hint with a smile and stood straight up making sure her bikini was still in place before turning to face Mateo. She leaned towards him causing her breasts to heave forward, and almost fall out of the tiny bikini. She placed her hands on his upper thighs, slowly running them up and down a few inches. Looking at him intently she asked in a raspy, sexy voice, "would you like the next shot." He nodded his head, swallowed hard, then let her move close and straddle him, letting her nice round ass rest on his legs. She lifted herself so his face was to her stomach and lifted the bottle to her mouth. She took a little swig herself as he looked up and started to pour the tequila from her neck letting it tickle down between her breasts to her navel where his tongue was waiting to catch it. She thoroughly enjoyed the sensation of his tongue on her stomach as she slowly poured the liquor down to him. She stopped pouring the tequila and set it down beside them while his tongue started to form a trail up to where the tequila started. He held her by the lower back and trailed his hands up with his tongue all the while planting kisses on her soft skin. His tongue reached the space between her tits with his palms now on the sides of her breasts. He squeezed them together slightly as Maddie leaned back and put all her weight onto his lap, feeling the sides of her breast being pushed into the sides of his face. He paused briefly as Maddie shuttered from the sensation before continuing the trail up to her neck and flicked his tongue as he separated from her neck. Their eyes met for a second before she stood up off his lap and sat on the edge of the tub between us. Maddie sat there trying to catch her breath, her nipples erect and threatening to poke holes through the thin material.
"I need to cool down, does anyone want some water or anything?" She asked as she left the hot tub to get a bottle of water. I followed her to cool off myself as the sexual tension at the pool was threatening to burst.
"Are you ok?" I asked her when out of earshot from the group.
"Oh yeah, that was so intense, right? Amy's tits felt amazing and her hot mouth on my tits almost had me at an orgasm," she replied. "I could tell from how hard this is that you enjoyed it too," now reaching into my trunks to feel me.
I stumbled trying to say something as Maddie added in a low sexy voice "Mateo was pretty hard too; I could feel it pressing against my ass as he licked his way up my body. If I wanted to, I could have just lowered myself down and he would have slid right in. What would you have said then?"
With Maddie now slowly pumping my cock I let out a moan, "Oh my god."
"What do you say we kick them out and have some fun on our own," Maddie suggested. "But I have one more trick up my sleeve before we do."
Without waiting for an answer, she slipped her hand out of my shorts and headed back to the tub to rejoin the others. Mateo was on one side and Amy, who was still sitting on Jason's lap, was on the other. As Maddie slid past Mateo on her way to the other couple, she felt a hand run up the back of her leg to her ass underneath the water. Jason reached out to wrap an arm around Maddie and Amy scooted over so they could share his lap. By this time, I followed Maddie into the water beside her and Mateo, hoping to hide my erection. Maddie had her legs draped over Jason and interlocked with Amy's as she leaned over to take Amy's exposed, erect nipple in her mouth.
"Fuck," Amy moaned as she continued to kiss Jason, her hands out of sight in the water.
Maddie worked her way up Amy's body from her breasts to her collar bone, then paused at the base of her neck. She reached up with both hands to grab Amy's breasts while kissing up her neck to her jawline. Amy turned squarely to Maddie and their lips met. One of Amy's hands reached up out of the water to grab Maddie at the back of her head and pulled her closer as their kissing got steamier. I sensed movement to my right and Mateo who had slid closer to Amy had both hands below the water. One I presumed was touching Amy and the other which was close to his body presumably touching himself.
Maddie paused her kiss to peer down to where Amy's hand was then leaned in close to whisper something. Jason's hand that was previously on Maddie's back was now below the water presumably planted on Maddie's ass. The lucky guy stared lustfully as the 2 almost half naked girls made out on his lap. I felt a pang of jealousy as I was just about to steal Maddie away and pull her to my lap when she broke her embrace with Amy. She waded over to sit on my lap with her legs now stretched out over Mateo's. She shot Mateo a surprised look and he met her gaze with a look of desire.
Amy, having come down a bit, announced, "we're going back to our room so you guys can have some alone time." They hopped out of the tub and started to towel off while we stayed in the tub a bit longer. Mateo was now staring at Maddie's tits hungrily as he was still moving around under the water while she met his gaze, biting her lip. "You're welcome to join us Mateo, if you want to continue that in our room," Amy added while putting her clothes back on.
He looked back at them and then back at Maddie and paused before saying, "I guess I'll be going too. It was lovely seeing you again, I hope to see you again before you leave." He stood up now waist high in the water and Maddie got up as well and she gave him a huge, lingering hug that he returned. He then stepped out of the water and what I saw must have been the cause of Maddie's surprised look earlier when she draped her feet across him. The tip of a huge cock was poking out the bottom of his white briefs and must have been touching Maddie's stomach as they hugged. The head was all I could clearly see but it would have had to be huge to be that far down his leg. As he was exiting the tub, Maddie couldn't take her eyes off of it, like she was in some kind of trance. He got dressed and walked out the door and only then did Maddie snap out of it.
We both got out of the hot tub and toweled off before making our way to the bed. She had me lay back on the bed and she jumped on top of me. I could tell her pussy was already soaking wet as she started grinding it against the underside of my hard cock. She rode it back and forth getting stimulation to her clit at the top as she said "I felt both of their cocks tonight, Jack." She kept riding hard sensing an orgasm was near. "When I sat on Jason's lap, Amy slid his shorts down and pulled his cock out between my legs and was jacking him off under the water while we made out. His hand slid down my back and he was playing with my ass under the water. He was squeezing my ass. Amy kept slapping his fat cock against the inside of my legs and tried to bring my hand down to help her stroke him but I kept my hands on Amy and let her work him instead. I thought he was going to cum soon so I got out of there and went into your lap. Ohh God I'm going to cum. Fuck yeah, ohh fuck!" Maddie's hips started vibrating as her slit got even wetter and she collapsed forward onto me.
I slid my still hard cock into her drenched pussy easily and she took my full length as I slowly pumped in and out of her. We kept this rhythm for a few minutes before she sensed I was getting close. She jumped off and went down to put her mouth on me, tasting her own juices along with my precum. "MM your cock tastes so good," She moaned as she continued to suck me down to most of my length, savoring the taste.
She lifted her head off my throbbing cock as I was inches away from the tipping point of being able to hold back. She looked me in the eye and between kissing along my shaft she said "when I sat in your lap my legs went over Mateo's lap and he had his cock out stroking it while he watched Amy and I. He was rubbing it against my calf as he worked his length with his hand and it felt so heavy as it smacked me. I swear I could see the head of it break the water at one point, that thing must be like a foot long. When he hugged me, I could feel it trapped between my body and his and he was flexing it as hard as he could. I thought he was going to burst while we were hugging and spray me with his cum under the water." Her saying that sent me over the edge and I shot at least a foot straight into the air landing on her hand, the next few spurts she aimed at her face. When I stopped cumming, she wrapped her lips around my head to suck the last few drops out and licked her hand clean. She ran to the bathroom and came back and we cuddled until she drifted off to sleep ahead of me.
"What a day," I thought to myself before passing out myself.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Comments and messages about the story are very much appreciated.