(This series is a collaboration with my good friend Sanchez. His ideas, I ran with it. We will see how it evolves. He has a sound concept, and characters, I'm primarily piecing it all together and seeing how it plays out. We hope you enjoy our efforts. )
_______________________________________________________
MIDNIGHT Episode 002: I'MMATERIAL
_______________________________________________________
Midnight Isabella Amador sat on a bus that was supplied and operated by the Santee tribe of Caretaker, South Carolina. One that carried those financially less fortunate back and forth between work and the reservation. Midnight's home right on the border between the Rez and the White man's world to counter the fact her Mother Irene was full blooded Santee, her father Esteban, a Spaniard who chose to keep his wife as near to her heritage as much as possible. While her ride was not in going home but into the town of Caretaker itself population 4,500, she had places to be. Strangely drawn to the Man in Black sitting at the diner she worked at, her mind was caught between two worlds, much like her family. Where this other world resided, she was still trying to process.
Even with her stop nearing, Midnight reopened the note the man had left her and read it for the fifth time in ten minutes. Seeing the tiny drawing he did of a woman with her resemblance on her knees bowing she realized something new for the first time. The caricature was nude. Eyes flared, nostrils joining in, she smiled. Even now she wasn't fully grasping what it meant. All she knew was that she found the drawing appealing. With her bus slowing to a stop uptown Midnight got up and passed the driver. In leaving she shyly whispered, "Thank you Ernest." The driver a native Santee smiled back and shared, "See you on your way home Midnight." Stepping off Ernest admired her from behind without too much lust. He had known this girl her entire life, while she was beautiful, she seemed far too much like family. Door closed he proceeded on through town.
Midnight however perused shop windows. With not many actual clothing stores around town her choices were limited. In Caretaker there were no big business outlets, all mom-and-pop shops trying to make a living. It was better this way, keeping it all in the family. Family was important. Too bad her kin were so distant, her father away from home for long periods either working or drinking heavily at the local pubs. Close enough to alcoholic, his paychecks dwindled before the bills could be paid. Like many along the coastline he worked for a seafood delivery warehouse. Fresh catch, fresh on the table, in most cases.
Having exhausted the few shops along the strip mall circuit and coming up with no results she was losing hope. Her low self-esteem questioned why she was even thinking she could be what the Man in Black wanted. She had no idea what a relationship was outside of what she experienced at home, or in talking with her friends Veronica Redmane and her boyfriend Will Gullavant aka Gull as in seagull. They were inseparable and living together off the Rez here in Caretaker. Veronica studying theater wanted to be on Broadway, likely a pipe dream. Will a tradesman working only on commission with his father to build docks and decks for homes, other minor structural commitments if asked. A simple trade he learned from his grandfather, now retired.
Walking aimlessly wearing her waitress uniform, not wishing to go all the way home to change when she felt compelled to do her best in seeking the sundress the Man in Black requested her wear upon meeting tomorrow evening at sunset. Failure nipping at her heels she found herself sitting on a bench along the street. Seated there feeling sorry for herself she noted a very tiny fabric store called Willamina's. "I could make a dress. I must!" Jumping to her feet Midnight walks the next block over until entering the storefront. A pinging bell alerted the owner who was in the back room, followed by a portly elder possibly Willamina herself stepping out to greet her.
"Help you, Miss?"
"I am looking for fabric to make a sundress. It must be...sheer."
"I'm afraid I don't have anything that see through." She pondered looking about at her walls of fabric bolts. Walking in a waddle due to arthritis Willamina examined her inventory. "No one has ever asked for such so I never order anything sheer."
"It's alright! Thank you." Midnight was ready to call it a day. Turning to leave Willamina sensed the girl's emotions.
"Wait! I have an idea, but it is a long shot." Palm in the air she stepped into her back room and took a while in returning. Midnight hearing Willamina cursing and the sound of metal falling concerned her.
"Are you alright?"
"Rod fell down." Willamina called out just as she carried a curtain rod out with a sheer white set of curtains with embroidered white flowers sewn in. "Best I can offer Dear. They might need washed. Is this enough material for you?"
"I... believe so. Are you certain you want to give up your curtains?"
"You look sad...so let's brighten up your day. Yes...you can have the curtains free of charge."
"No! I will buy them." Something for free just did not feel right. All things come with a cost.
"Go across the street and buy me a milkshake, the curtains are yours." Willamina smiled pointing at an ice cream shop, "Buy yourself one too."
"Alright! What flavor?"
"Whatever you're having. I like surprises."
"Be right back." Midnight shyly grinned.
"Whip crème and a cherry on top." Willamina added as Midnight opened the door. Nodding Midnight left, crossing the street and entering the shop. Partial to vanilla she ordered two shakes, both with whip crème and a cherry. Paying quickly, she hurried back to Willamina's and shared the wealth. "Mmmm! Delicious! I've found that ice cream helps me when I'm troubled. Breakup?" She grew nosey.
"Breakup? No, I don't have a boyfriend."
"But you want one." Willamina winked sipping through her straw.
"I... don't know what I want."
"You do. It just takes time to learn what comes natural."
"There is... someone."
"See? The dress is for him, isn't it?"
"Yes."
"Making a nightie?" The pudgy woman winked.
"A sundress."
"Same thing. Can you sew?"
"I can. My mother taught me. I might need thread too." Having been pointed out.
"Now that will cost you."
"I do have money." Midnight giggles softly almost embarrassed by her own laugh.
"Your money is no good here Sweetie Pie. One of those big pretzels with that gooey cheese sauce." Another point to the shop across the street next to the ice cream parlor led Midnight to consider what this woman was trying to do. It had to be more than cheering her up.
"Okay!" Shying away Midnight went to order a pretzel. One did sound yummy. She bought two just like she had the same flavored shakes. Returning with their pretzels and a tub of cheese she passed Willamina hers.
"What have you learned?" She winked.
"That my feet hurt."
"You just need someone to sweep you off of them. See this salty pretzel?"
"Yes."
"How it curves around and connects, almost in the shape of a heart? Like two arms holding one another. See it?"
Studying it Midnight sees beyond Willamina's interpretation. The heart part looked like a butt. The limbs tangling in the center of the pretzel a triangle shape, like inner thighs. She wanted to giggle but resisted. It also reminded her of Veronica when she pulled her legs behind her head and appeared as if a turtle stuck on its back. Veronica was always very limber. "Yes! I see it."
"My point is...the heart will always find its way home. Just follow the path."
"Cheese?" Midnight needed to change the subject.
"Yesss!" They dined in giggling. With a hesitant hug to a woman, she barely knew Midnight Amador walked out with folded curtains and spools of thread, a needle packet just to let Willamina feel she made her point. Willamina was a very wise woman.
********
"Can I speak with Matilda Cooper?"
Nick Sanchez lay sprawled out on a deck chair facing the Atlantic wearing black shorts, going shirtless to capture the rays. A man on the other end turned the phone over to a woman's voice.
"This is Tilly Cooper."
"Afternoon Mrs. Cooper. My name's Nick Sanchez, your number was forwarded to me by a woman at the diner Coastal Waiter's. Midnight was her name."
"My niece. How may I be of help Mister Sanchez?"
"Home search. I'm looking to relocate down here."
"I see. From where may I ask?"
"Everywhere. Mostly New York, born and raised, but I've moved around quite a bit. I'm ready to settle down though. Camping out at a buddies beach house until I find what I'm searching for."
"I nice place to call home?"
"Something like that. Among other things."
"I see. Our workday is almost over. Might we meet tomorrow?"
"Coastal Waiter's? Say 10:00?"
"Perfect! I'll put together some home profiles and we can go over them together."
"Sounds good Matilda."
"Please call me Tilly."
"Done! See you in the morning. I'll be in a white 4Runner."
"I'll find you. Thank you again." Tilly hangs up, Nick lowering his cell and pondering what kind of homes he would find down here off the beaten shoreline. Watching gulls fly by diving into the waves for fish he found himself mesmerized and lost in thought. When deciding to come down here to South Carolina at the encouragement of his military buddy Marcus Jericho he found the sunshine and surf irresistible. The people in the area seemed respectful and welcoming overall. Some less cordial like the fishermen earlier at the diner but in a sense, they worked to Nick's advantage in seeing what their waitress Midnight Amador was like. If she had put up resistance, then he would have overlooked her entirely. A man of careful scrutiny Nick Sanchez found something in the girl that went beyond a stunning shape and beautiful eyes. Her shy poise, her inability to react with fear, her curiosity as to what men find in her. Even with her self-esteem low she seemed almost confident but in a hidden conflict between two forces. He could work with that.
With the warm breeze cascading his flesh Nick's thoughts leaned toward arousal. Tempted to strip off and go for a swim he stood up and dropped his trunks, a shockingly large penis toppled out with a rising arch, the crown massive and dominant on it's scepter. Kicking the trunks aside he stretched, popping his back while deciding if a swim was in the cards. With bait dangling like his it might catch a big fish he thought laughing to himself. Lingering there stroking his cock and enjoying the freedom he found unexpected intruders on his section of beach. Being a private beach house, he was in the right to call the cops but refrained seeing it to be what appeared to be a very affectionate couple. No threat he concluded he just stood his ground and continued pumping his fist.
With only sixty yards between he and the couple he realized they were no older than Midnight. The girl a stunning brunette much the same size and build as Midnight herself, same long hair, obviously Native American as well. The boy with hippy blond hair and a decent muscle tone but pale, sunburns noticeable but uncaring. The clingy nature of the couple made Nick grumble. "Fuck love. Take it!"
In his attitude he grew defiant of putting his beast away and dared to let them take notice. It was hardly long before they did. The girl halting and staring right at Nick, whispering of their being busted. This was their secret place knowing the beach house was rarely inhabited. The boy tried to lead them away worried he might call the police and report them for trespassing, yet the girl tugging him at arm's length to stay. It was obvious by her using her cell to video Nick masturbating that she was creating leverage should he complain. A man masturbating in front of them was incriminating in itself even on private property. The girl was smart.
Waving at him while recording, Nick just stared back at her. "Midnight!" He muttered. If they had heard him things might have gone differently. Noting no conflict, the girl shut her cell off and put it in her small carry bag dangling at her hip. Still her boyfriend, husband, whatever he was grew stressed and pleaded for her to follow him. She wouldn't have it. If that man could show off so, could they. Mind blown the blond-haired man watched his girl strip out of her bikini and dance about saying, "I can show off too." Nick merely winced behind his dark shades and funneled energy to his fully erect leviathan.
"Are you crazy?" The blond man was heard, yet enjoyed his girl's bold flavor, nice 36C's dancing about until she palmed them laughing.
"Fuck me!" She started her man with a sudden outburst.
"Seriously? He might call the cops. We're the ones where we're not supposed to be."
"I have him performing indecent exposure. He won't! This is a fantasy, you know that."
"To fuck on the beach watched by strangers?"
"Come on! Live a little. For meeeeeeeeee?" She batted her eyes rolling one hand down to tease her clit, brightening impulsively at the wetness felt even there. The man rolled his eyes and paced in a circle, hands on his hips before relenting. Dropping his own trunks and taking off his tank top he chased her around as if she were saying, "Can't catch me." Her jaunt took them closer toward Nick. Charging her the man dropped her in the sand and wrestled with her. They were now forty yards away. Nick unwavering looked toward the sea, ships in the far distance relaxing to watch.
Tackled into submission the blond man lay over her missionary style and kissed on the girl, she losing sight of reality with the sun barreling down on them. Her body his to possess at the moment he sucked on her nipples making her moan in a competition with the surrounding birds. Moving South the man ate her out, spitting grains of misplaced sand but always returning with a ferocious hunger. Yelping and writhing about could not distract Nick, his thoughts elsewhere rather than truly admiring their youthful angst. Not that he couldn't hear them. To Nick it was like going to a symphony and sealing your eyelids to appreciate the vibration of elegant cords. Something unknown to many, Nick loved classical music such as Mozart, Bach, or Beethoven. While not quite the same, the beats her shrill whines did feel on key. As did the boys guttural bass. He was fucking her now, while she snapped looks at Nick to see if he were watching. Convinced he was, she moaned even harder, her man hitting that key of G perfectly with every pass of his bow.
Extravagant squeals and moans escalated into cries of passion. Cumming hard on the boy's masterful cock before he found a resurgence of adrenalin in pulling out and dragging her upward until on her hands and knees. Snatching her hair in his fist the boy found his balls confident and faced her directly at Nick, still serving his monster a thrashing. Eyes wide open she took Nick's performance in mumbling, "He's fucking huge." Her man unresponsive due to his own recoiled imagination. He feared looking at Nick, the girl couldn't stop. She wanted to see Nick finish himself off.
"FUCK ME HARDER WILL!" She cried out with a begging expression. Hearing her plea Nick deviated his eyes to actually watch her now. Similar in appearance to Midnight Amador he locked in on this girl and once more sighed, "Midnight!" His body rejoicing at the thunder rolling in his chest Nick began snarling, his plight drawing the girl into a soft version of, "Cum already!" She needed to see that python spit in her direction.
Her man also noting Nick's new behavior felt his girl's needs and plucked her from the sand. His seven-inch dick still residing deep in her sloshy pink cunt found him risking everything by moving closer still. Less than twenty feet now, eyes locked, pussy pounded, dick poised for a shot heard around the world.
"Closer Will!" She begged with a deadly desire. While Nick withheld detonation, with gnashing teeth the blond man hoisted his lady up again and risked Nick's wrath by moving her within ten feet of him on the edge of his flat wood deck.
Nick finally acknowledged them with a stern, deafening verse of, "BENEATH MY NOTICE!"
The man mistaking Nick's words did the unthinkable and moved her right beneath Nick's cock, tugging her hair so hard that her mouth gaped wide from his strength as much as her own expectancy. "Yessss! I love you Will." Fantasy coming true in a much darker fashion she awaited Nick to nut. Poised as if a God, Nick Sanchez released the arrows. Long white strands of immortal potency shot out over the girl's face missing it entirely. While some whips struck her back the essential rainfall landed on her lover's chest. That did not go over well.
"WHAT THE FUCK?" The man backed out of his girl and stumbled to his feet grossed out by the coat of paint he was wearing. Shocked by Nick's arrogance in stepping from the deck after his torrent the girl pouted at no facial. Following Nick in passing her a mere three feet from bodily contact she took in his build. Thoughts only she was drawn to his musculature, his tight buns in sway as he made his way to the sea. Laughing suddenly at her man she paused his concern by stepping up and licking the jizz from his chest. Fawning over him he accepted his dilemma and enjoyed her tongue bath. Once clean he realized that his girl swallowed Nick's load without thinking it through. "Unbelievable!" Her man Will took her by hand and gathered their clothing, got dressed, and abandoned her fantasy. Peering back at Nick swimming against the waves she smiled. Her final thought being, "See you around Aquaman."
Nick Sanchez concluded his swim and headed back to his deck to dry in the sun. Shades hiding his gaze toward the sky he drifted off for a short nap. Even warriors needed rest.
********
Two hours later...
"Get the door V!" A voice erupted from a bathroom shower. Shuffling through her apartment Veronica Redmane wearing only a thin white towel, hair up in a bun answered the knock. Opening it cautiously she found a pleasant surprise. Squealing at the visitor V pulled her girl into a hug.
"Midnight, baby!" Yes, she was, having been born at the stroke of midnight. Hugs ceasing V shut the apartment door and escorted Midnight Amador to their less than new sofa, "Watch that spring it will poke you in the ass. Trust me that is not as much fun as it sounds." She giggled. "What are you doing?"
"I went shopping for a dress."
"A dress? You never wear dresses except for that ugly waitress get up. What's the occasion?"
"I... was told to buy a dress. I could not find one though." She withheld the info of any sheer curtain to play seamstress toward.
"Told to?" Veronica peaked a brow, "Your mom trying to get you back in church?"
"No."
"Who then?"
"Someone." She bashfully implied but said nothing further.
"A guy someone?" V bulged her eyes, "FINALLY!! Who is he?" Excitement bubbled as Veronica nearly lost her towel in repositioning on the couch and hopping in her seat.
"A man I met at the diner. It's...not a date."
"So why buy a dress?"
Midnight merely shrugs, it was all she had to say, she just wasn't certain of anything herself at this point. Fidgeting at her best friend since childhood Veronica knew better than to push her awkward bestie. "OH! Before Will gets out of the shower. After another shower." She giggled, "Long story. Let me show you how long." Jumping up Veronica lost her towel in transit, but this time ignored it and went to her bedroom to get her cell. Rushing back out with an adrenalin rush she pulled up the video of Nick Sanchez boasting his forearm sized cock in a stance like he might be holding a shotgun. "That stretch of beach Will, and I sneak on to? Look who lives there." She plays the video and extends an arm's reach to show it off. "Look at the size of that dick. I'd die if I had that inside me." She bubbled then gnashed her teeth looking toward the bathroom, "Don't tell Will that. He's big but...that fucker is...no competition to Mister Fister."
Watching the video and hearing V and Will talking in the background Midnight realized who it was. Eyes bulging, she blushed and looked away. "I have to go. I'll miss the last bus home."
"You don't think he's hot?"
With another shrug Midnight hugged V and stood up walking to the door. V following her shuts the video off and looks puzzled. "Hey!" Grabbing Midnight by the arm V looks directly into her eyes out of concern. "You alright Baby?"
"I'm fine! Just tired. I love you, Veronica. Tell Will that I said hello."
"Will do! Literally!" She smirked, "Drop by when you can stay longer."
With a warm smile Midnight took her leave. Veronica closing the door found her friend distant and it bothered her immensely. Will stepping out of the bathroom ended her sadness. She needed her man's cock again; she would picture Nick Sanchez fucking her instead. By the time Will was done he was going to feel as if he was a God himself. Short fall from the Heavens Will.
At the bus stop Midnight found no seat on the bench. With all men waiting with her she resorted to standing behind the oblivious gentlemen. Pondering Nick Sanchez her heart raced, her brain trying to keep up. Something in her triggered her to pull out the drawing he had given her. Her likeness nude and on her knees, Midnight nibbled her lower lip and found her knees weak. Unable to perceive why, she slowly knelt to her knees on the concrete behind the seated men. It made her wet knowing she was submitting to a man who was not even there before her, instead only the four other men present.
"You alright Miss?" A voice behind her spoke, another woman this time.
"Yes."
"Why are you on your knees like that?" A shyness leads to a third shrug.
"Just...waiting."
Bewildered the woman stood silent until the bus arrived. Midnight was the last to enter the bus.
It seemed appropriate.