I'm a software consultant, so I travel all the time, twice a week, every week. I go to different places every month or three, but always through my local airport.
Two weeks ago, while going through the airport to fly out to my current customer I experienced a 'wardrobe malfunction'. The elastic on the boxer briefs I was wearing had failed just before I got into the security line, and I ended up going commando until I got to my weekly hotel. The whole trip I had an extremely visible bulge in my pants from a rock-hard erection. I was very embarrassed, but also found it very exciting. I stopped in a restroom to masturbate, but the movement of my cock against the fabric of my paints caused me to have a visible bulge until I got to my hotel room.
Last week, I wore a pair of underwear that I knew would hold up, and it did. Even seeing Lucy - the luscious security guard that I had a big crush on - hadn't caused my cock to do much more than stir a little bit.
This week while getting dressed for the trip, I realized that last week's trip through the airport was a lot more boring than normal. I was embarrassed at the thought of having a visible erection again, but I was also extremely excited thinking about it. I decided to go commando this trip on purpose.
I wore black slacks that should be dark enough to make any wet spots from pre-cum hard to notice. I also spent a bit of time before I left surfing some porn to raise my level of excitement. I didn't masturbate, but my cock was still hard and throbbing when I got in the car to head to the airport.
The drive to the airport was long enough that I had settled down by the time I'd parked my car. I undid my pants and pulled them down a bit to see if I'd leaked a lot of pre-cum on the drive. There was a bit, so I wiped it up a bit with a stray napkin still in the car from a previous drive-through meal.
I started to fantasize about Lucy just a bit so that I wouldn't lose my nerve on the shuttle or miss out on the full experience. I also unzipped my fly just a little bit to show that it was open, but not enough to show anything, or leave room for anything to come flying out. I un-clicked my seatbelt and turned towards the door to open it.
There was an elderly lady there, maybe 60 by the looks of her, staring right in my window. She caught my eye, raised one hand, and waggled a finger as if saying "naughty, naughty", then walked away. I was stunned for a second, and blushed. I had to wait a minute or two after she was out of site before I could bring myself to get out of the car. When I did, I realized that I was at full mast.
This time, instead of feeling embarrassed about walking around with a very visible erection, I felt proud, excited, and very turned on. I strolled confidently and leisurely to the shuttle from the parking lot to the terminal. I didn't pass anyone on the way, but there were three or four passengers on the shuttle. I stepped on and turned to look down the aisle. There was a couple in their 50s, and three college aged women. They were both sitting at the back of the shuttle, with three rows between the two groups and the shuttle exit.
I paused facing the back of the bus - and them - for a few seconds and twitched my cock. Then I sat down in in a row of seats facing the side of the bus. When the shuttle got to the terminal, I stayed in my seat -- politely allowing them to exit before I did. It wasn't a coincidence that they all had to walk past my full erection under my pants. I twitched it again when the college women walked past -- but I didn't make any eye contact with them. I was the last person off the shuttle. Climbing down the stairs to exit, my crotch ended up being right in front of the driver's face. Again, I didn't make any eye contact -- but I tipped an extra 10 dollars just to smooth things over.
I was feeling extremely embarrassed at this point, and I lost my nerve before crossing the terminal to get to the ticket counter. I rotated my laptop bag in front of me just enough to hide my bulge. When I got through the line, I realized that the old woman from the garage was working the counter. My lower brain kicked into high gear for half a second, so I let a couple of people go by until she was available to help people.
I went up to the counter, with an extremely innocent look on my face. I placed my travel bag on the scale and lifted off my shoulder bag to set it on the floor. I stood just in front of my suitcase where my erection would be clearly in sight when she had to attach the luggage tag. After she had done that, and clearly seen my bulge, she turned to look me in the eye. She waggled her finger at me again, but then got a glint in her eye and licked her top lip just a tiny bit. I realized she had on a glossy black cherry lipstick that made her mouth look a bit like an engorged pussy. She took a pen and scribbled a bit and smiled again as she handed me my boarding pass and luggage tag.
I slung my bag back across my shoulder -- leaving it hanging to the side so that my bulge was in full view. I was still incredibly embarrassed, but that just seemed to heighten the thrill. As I got to the end of the line for security, I noticed Lucy was working. I felt myself twitch and throb. I got to the front of the security line and Lucy's eyes were twinkling like the stars at night and she had a smug little smile on her face. She checked my bulge and my ticket and id and waved me through.
Wondering if I'd missed something, I looked down at my boarding pass. There wasn't anything unusual written on it. Writing on the back of my luggage tag, however, read "family restroom - Michelle". Now my cock was throbbing along with my heartbeat.
I started heading towards my gate while looking for the restrooms. Right before the main Men and Women entrances was a door marked "Families only". My cock throbbed hard, and I found my face and neck flushed like I was sunburned. I walked up to the door, tried the handle, and found it locked. I gently knocked. The door unlocked to Michelle's smiling face. She unabashedly grabbed my bulge and pulled me into the restroom as she moved behind me. I heard the door lock and was gently pushed forward a bit. I turned around and really looked at Michelle for the first time.
Despite the small wrinkles on her face and the grey in her hair, she seemed to have a good body. She was slim, but had a nice ass, and her breasts were larger than I'd originally thought. I guessed they were a b-cup and was hoping I'd get to see them. She was in a more gender-specific uniform than other customer service staff I'd seen, with a skirt and what seemed like slightly tan stockings. I also hoped I'd get to see what was under the skirt and how high up the stockings went.
Michelle had other ideas, however. She leaned me back against the sink, undid my pants and pulled them down around my ankles. My cock sprang forward at full mast. Seeing her lick her lips and kneel in front of me, I was glad I'd taken the time over the weekend to groom myself. I wasn't fully shaved, but everything was trimmed down close to the skin and there were no random tufts or long hairs that would get in the way. My cock isn't anything special -- certainly not the 10" beer-can cocks that some men brag about having (usually from small-dick-energy). Previous women I'd been with had been said I was slightly longer and a fair bit girthier than other men they'd been with.
Michelle, however, seemed more impressed than other women had been. She cooed, said "Yummy", and took my head in her mouth. Her tongue felt nicely warm as she swirled it around my head a couple of times and teased my opening a little.
Then, without pulling me any further into her mouth, she clamped her lips and SUCKED with all her might. My cock head wanted to expand like it was in a penis pump, but her tongue and lips were clamped down on it too much. It felt she was going to forcibly pull cum directly from my balls like she was using a straw. I gasped loudly and arched my back; I'd never had anyone do something like this to me. She released the pressure, took my whole cock into her mouth, and started moving back and forth along my shaft with force and speed. I was stunned and amazed. As my head started to clear just a bit, I heard a loud squelching sound and saw that she had her hand under her skirt and was moving it around in circles at the speed of a tornado.
It felt like it took forever but was only about two minutes before I felt her start to grunt and shudder. This sent me completely over the edge and I spurted like I'd never had an orgasm before. I slumped and barely caught myself on the edge of the sink before I fell to the floor. She let my cock fall out of her mouth and continued rubbing her pussy in a frenzy. Her head arched back, and I could hear her holding back a scream. Then there was a splash. Looking down, I realized she must not be wearing underwear either, as she'd squirted all over the floor.
She dropped forward until she was holding herself up with her arms. Looking at my cock again, she leaned forward and cleaned it up with her mouth and tongue. After that, she stood up with a huge grin on her face. "You are such a naughty man. But so yummy. I'm sure I'll have to check your luggage again sometime soon." She pulled my pants back up, zipped and closed them and shooed me towards the door. "Don't miss your flight!"
My cock stayed spent and worn out the rest of the trip, until I woke up in the middle of the night at my hotel room. I grabbed a towel from the bathroom and went back to bed to masturbate. Reliving some of the experience in my mind, I came once more -- and then passed out.