Candi Palmer awoke to the repeated jingle of her doorbell. Then a rapture of annoying knocks on her door. Finally, she groans and punches her pillow.
As the disturbance persisted she crawls bitterly from her bed and snatches up her short Kimono style bath robe tying it on. From that point she stormed from her room and down the carpeted staircase to the front door.
Parting the curtain she at first spotted a middle aged man in a gray uniform then a van parked on the street. The gentleman waved at her and pointed toward his van to read the side panel, "SAFE and SECURE SPECIALISTS."
She winces then opens the locks to her door parting it open.
"Morning, Ma'am! Palmer residence correct?"
She nods cringing at the brightness of day, "Yes!"
"I have an order here to install a security system. Requested by a Damian Palmer. Are you the Missus?"
She fidgets her lips, "Yep! Don't you people call for appointments? It may be my day off but I do have places to be." She recalls her promise to the Local Fire Department as per yesterday.
The man rubs the back of his neck, "My apologizes Ma'am. Your Husband told us to be here today and set up camera's in every room. Front and back yards also. Premo package for sure. Can't get much safer with the alarms too. I can tell you now that we won't be able to reschedule you in for three more weeks. Local gym here in town has us tied up for at least one week. Your call, Ma'am."
She stops resisting and opens her door wide open, "Feel free! I have to get ready anyway. I apologize for my rudeness. Just not used to getting woke up so early without the assist of a coo coo."
"Well, if it's any consolation my wife call's me a Coo-Coo every now and again."
She snorts at his jest and steps aside. The man then turns toward his van whistling. Attention drawn three fellow surveillance installers step from both in the van and a truck parked just out of her view. Four men total.
"Four Alarm! Cute! Make yourselves at home. I'm going to go shower and be on my way. I shouldn't be gone longer than two hours. Three tops. I trust you won't steal me blind before your cameras are active."
The man chuckles, "Now that wouldn't prove good business would it?"
"Probably not!" She winks and scurries back up the stairs leaving the four gathered men to watch her wiggle her way north. Her bare ass cheeks perfectly in view beneath the flutter of her robe.
It took the elder man to start snapping his fingers to waver their enchantment.
"C'mon, Fellas! We have work to do. Time is moolah!"
As the four men moved about freely within the house Candi made certain to be on her best behavior. At least as far as what Damian would expect. She left every door in her vicinity wide open and prowled vibrantly.
Two of the men made their way upstairs in pursuit of camera angles. They had to mark the exact locations to set them up. In their sights stood Candi Palmer in her bedroom removing her Kimono style mini robe to boldly prance naked right in front of them. She spotted them while standing in front of her vanity mirror and waved at them sweetly. Her smile was beguiling.
Turning to face them she fidgets her lips, "Don't mind me. Just go about your business." Staring between them for long moments led her to enforce that idea, "No Really! Go about your business."
With her point made she moved into the bathroom and started her shower. Holding her hand under the water until the heat rose to perfection she then stepped in closing the glass door behind her.
The men slyly stepped in to view her lathering up behind the steam covered doors. They could hear her humming a sweet tune. Mesmerized they hadn't heard their boss move in behind them. "Guess which one of you gets the front yard and which gets the back yard? I'll set up the upstairs myself. Get busy before I fire your asses." As if he truly would. Being his offspring.
As the two men jump to it and vanish downstairs the elder Lineman takes note of Candi, "I'm truly sorry about my boys, Ma'am. It's not often somebody as stunning as you keeps their attention. I'll make certain they get the job done and we will be out of your hair within five hours. Best ETA I can offer."
Candi slides the door open to peer around the edge, "No hurry. And, your boys are doing just fine. I'm open minded. As long as the job gets done right. Wanna wash my back?"
The elder is taken back by her offer and frowns, "As nice as that sounds I don't think the wife would like that idea. Enjoy your shower, Ma'am."
Candi smiles at him then shuts her door to finish her shower.
Fifteen minutes elapse until Candi shuts her water off and steps out to dry herself. She wraps her towel around herself then moves into her bedroom. She hears a ladder being hoisted up next to her bedroom window and awaits the rustling to stop. Then came footsteps up the metal ladder until they halted. One of the two men from earlier crawled up to the roof and carefully stepped into where he had plans to drill holes to mount the camera down toward her backyard and deck area.
As he sat in position next to the window Candi bit her lower lip and crawled across her bed to tap on the window to get his attention. As he peered over his shoulder she stuck her tongue out at him and fanned her towel open revealing her full frontal. She then proceeded to crush her chest against the window panes leaving a damp impression of her breasts and nipples. The man in turn nodded with an evil grin and offered a thumbs up.
She then closed her blind to him.
Teasing was tamed down as she moved backwards and off of her bed. She located the yellow bikini top the Firemen liked so well yesterday. Sniffing at it she frowned, "Used! Let's see what else might start their fire."
Rumaging her dresser drawers she happens upon the yellow bikini's g-string bottoms which she hadn't warn with its matching top. With a grin she swiftly ties it on and looks herself over in the mirror. " Oooooo! Vanishing string! Love it."
After a little more digging she found a bright red bikini top that was hardly made to match the g-string. Donning it she frowns, "Covers too much."
A fast removal she growls at no fitting outcome. Finally, it dawns on her as she moves down to her underwear drawer. Within it she pulls out a sheer form fitting red bra. Wrestling it on she loves the look of her nipples stabbing out perfectly and her areolas easily seen through the lacey material. Her only problem was the straps. So very gaudy she thought. Inspiration hits as she goes to a sewing kit and locates a pair of scissors. Rabid snips later she maintains the cups and their supports but instead fashions the easy tie straps off of the other bikini top. Knotting the straps into the bra's support clasps she shivers, "Ohhhhhh, Yeah! Looking good. Maybe I should be a fashion designer."
Outside in the hallway the elder Lineman utilizes a step stool style ladder to reach the upper corner of the hallway glaring down the staircase. Candi now dressed steps out of her room to leer up at him, "What's your name?"
The man holding up a tiny bracket for a micro sized camera grumbles, " Charlie. You're Candace. It's a pleasure."
Candace nods, "Right time, right place. Always a possibility."
In response Charlie glares down at her, "Another generation definitely."
She reaches over and tugs at his pants leg, "I'll keep that in mind at reincarnation. Gotta go Charlie. Almost 9:00. See you around 11:00 or lil later. Depends on how much fun I'm having. Peace out."
"Yea, yea!" He growls, "Now maybe my boys might get this job done faster."
Hopping down her front steps Candi darts into a jog feeling the crisp morning air tantalize her sheer chest. The bra was only for show. She would have to watch herself being seen by the wrong people. Luckily the local kids should be in school. Otherwise she really didn't have any concern over being seen. She knew the local cops had her back.
Bobby socks and tennis shoes accented her bikini. For once she let her hair flow wildly instead of being tied back. Within ten minutes of sprinting she reached the Firehouse. Outside waiting were the four firemen she knew from yesterday. Rusty, Miles, Edgar, and Felix.
The four men sat around their fire trucks lined up side by side. Buckets of water and suds dotted the driveway. They all stood up watching her approach. Immediately, Miles broke out his camcorder and started filming.
Bouncing to a halt she pointed at the camera, "Hey Hotshots. I'm here right on time. I thought I was going to wax the trucks. They get dirty in one day?"
Rusty grins at her, "We figured they needed a lil touching up."
She raises her chin and smiles sheepishly, "You boys just wanna get me allllll wet. Don't lie."
They all nod in unison as Miles quips, "Wet and slippery."
She again points at the black cameraman, "I hope you don't mind my Fire outfit. Last minute ensemble malfunction. Tad see through."
They noticed long before she brought it to their attention.
"Should I get started?"
Felix hands her a sponge while holding the bucket for her. She swiftly took it from him, "That's too heavy for you. Let's just sit it down here on the driveway." Moving her back to them she bends over and gives them all a tight shot of her g-string buried deep within her butt crack. It's string flowed down into her tiny yellow patch of cloth that covered her pussy lips.
As she bent over she dipped the sponge in then took her time wringing it out. After being satisfied that they were in awe she stood up and began rolling the sponge over the door of the big truck. Swipe after swipe until the red paint glossed over. As she scrubbed intently she was caught off guard by Edgar manning a garden hose. He shot a showering torrent over her backside.
"I'll rinse." He winks.
She froze up in shivers, "OH MY GOD! That water is ice cold. Be gentle. If I pass out you won't know whether to resusitate me or fuck me."
The crew chuckled at her playfulness as Miles calls out, "So, this video is dedicated to your Husband, right?"
She twists to face him displaying a loving glare of admission, "YESSSSSS! Hi Baby. I'm here at the Firehouse to help out. I hope I can finish all these trucks in the two hours I have set aside. Maybe if these big strong Firefighter's could give me a hand I can succeed. I'll need help reaching all those high spots. I'm such a shorty."
Rusty in response moved in, "Hey Damian. Long time no see Buddy. I'm glad to help her make this video for you. Keep the peace over there Soldier."
He then wraps his hands around her hips and lifts her to reach the door window. In his outstretched arms he found her butt cheeks right in his face. It was no time at all before he bit her left cheek playfully.
She whimpers, "Ouchie! Now kiss that boo boo."
Easy enough as he pelts her cheek with more than a few kisses. Giggling she leans forward planting her ass crack right across his brow. His nose nuzzled the cloth over her pussy before growling and hoisting his chin upward to bite and tug at the cloth until it pulled away from her flesh.
Miles zoomed in to capture hints of her pussy lips and revealed anal cavity. She heard Miles whistle at his filming. Finally, Rusty's arms grew tired and he lifted her up over his head to sit her across his shoulders. She pats him on the top of the head, "Rise Simba!"
Chuckling Felix lifted the water bucket for her to dip the sponge in. Jokingly she wrung it out over Rusty's hair making him grumble.
His hands moved from her upper thighs to her hips. Easily his fingertips slid under the g-string threads. With two easy tugs he yanked them loose until the strands dangled over his shoulders and biceps.
"Hey! Are you trying to strip me?"
Rusty chuckled and spun her around to face her legs down his spine. Her snatch was directly in his face. She gasped at how fast he managed that maneuver. "Wow! Now I'm dizzy. Thanks Rusty."
His teeth sank into the drooping material as he tugged at it like a snarling beast until he pulled the whole bikini bottom through her legs. With a swift spitting sound he hurled her bottoms to the grass.
Miles patted Rusty on the back, "Easy Simba."
In reply, Candi sneers at Miles, "Hey, Who's the Ringmaster here? If Simba's hungry it must be feeding time." She then seized up gritting her teeth at Rusty's eager tongue. Hissing she releases a yelp and fans herself with one hand while using her other hand to balance herself against the truck. "Oh my God! Rusty where's the fire?"
No sooner offered and accepted Rusty lifts her upper thighs to brace her full weight against the truck and buries his tongue inside her pussy. She immediately arched her back against the fire truck and began moaning. Miles did his best to videotape his hunger. Sloppy drool and pussy juices drowned Rusty's cheeks and chin.
All of the firemen marveled at their buddy's feast of bravery. As Rusty continued Edgar and Felix took turns scanning about the streets. Traffic was sparse this morning. Still, the Firehouse was nestled on a corner right where business district meets residential. The firefighter's knew very well how much they had to lose if busted. Yet, how often does this type of situation present itself in a town like this? They had discussed this very thing the night before. It was Rusty knowing Candace already that aided in convincing them it would turn out okay. Regardless, all it would take was a neighbor complaining and their careers were forfeit.
After five long minutes Rusty lets up with a messy but resounding, "AHHHHHHHHHHHHH YEAAAA! Delicious. I always wondered what you tasted like Kid."
Miles pats him on the back, "Don't even tell me it tastes like chicken. You racist bastard."
Rusty laughs at the black male, "Naaaaaa! But, juicy as a sweet watermelon. Without the seeds."
Candi rolled her eyes at his leaving. He was mere moments of making her cum hard. Regaining her sanity she finds herself lowered to the ground. Rusty pulled her into a hug that she melded into easily.
Relaxed, she found Rusty's hands tugging at her bikini bras hybrid strings until they came undone. He then nudged her backwards with one hand pressed to her clavicle. At arms length he tucked his fingers between her cleavage and pried the bra from her breasts until her chest came into full view.
She lowers her gaze to see nipples in the sunlight. Before she could even giggle Rusty twisted her body around to face the truck and backed away. This allowed Miles to video her backside.
Without much hesitation Rusty bent over and retrieved the sponge from the bucket of water. "Start cleaning!"
His brusque nature made her smile to herself as she claimed the sponge to suds up where her body had pressed against the fire engine earlier. After a few dunks to replenish her sponge she turns and wrings it out over her chest for Miles. The look of seduction in her eyes made the black man shudder his steady hand. "OOOOOOOOOOOOWEEEEEEEE!"
Without further ado Miles hands Rusty the camera and lets him focus just before moving in to yank his blue t-shirt off over his head. He watched as she carefully sponged his chest as he tossed his shirt aside. "I'm sooooooo dirty!" He chimes as she nods gently.
She moves her sponge hand outward over her left angle and opens her hand on purpose to let it drop. She then offers a shocked expression.
"Oopsie! I dropped my sponge."
She then turns her back to him to bend over touching essentially the grass in front of her. As soon as she did Miles began rubbing her ass. He himself knelt down and pryed her ass cheeks apart to view her. She felt his thumbs divide her pussy lips and let out a deep exhale. Then, she felt his fingers twist and turn until he had inserted two sizable fingers inside her.
Rusty moved around to face her marveling at her expression of joy. As swiftly as he watched he moved backwards to capture Mile's finger fucking her from behind. Faster and faster he let his fingers burrow and probe. Her escalating moans became outbursts of ecstacy.
Finally she cries out, "DO NOT STOP!"
Within seconds Candi showers his fingers, squirting all over the edge of the concrete. Miles nodded pulling his fingers free. "Now that's how you do things!"
Rusty chuckles, "You're supposed to wash and wax the trucks not the driveway."
Miles then stands up unfastening his belt and pants to lower them to his knees. Leaving his boxers up he merely slips his 7 incher free through the front of his boxers. Just as he pulls her waist closer Edgar chimes in by handing him a condom, "Wear it then share it!" He hesitates before adding, "With her that is."
Miles cackles at his awkwardness while ripping the condom open with his teeth to ripple it on over his girth. Still bent over Candi offers Edgar her thanks with an upside down thumbs up.
Easy on, Miles pulls her in and stabs his crown into her still draining pussy. Mad thrusts rocket the hormones as Candi fires off a series of shrill moans. He looks around at his partners with a beaming smile of his pearly whites, "She asked where the fire was. Right here! FIRE IN THE HOLE!"
The three onlookers all laughed.
In his torrent Miles turned his hands attention to her dangling blond locks. Snatching up a hand full he pulled her head back. She loved every second of it. Intensity grew and it took very little time before Miles filled his cup full. A ball of sweat he leered his own head back in triumph.
As he nodded with his eyes closed he lost all insight to his surroundings. Then it came.
Felix Ramirez wrung the sponge out over Miles brow and shoulders forcing him to shake his head wildly. "Daaaaamn Felix! Here, my turn."
Miles pulls out of Candi and removes his condom flinging it at the dodging Felix and watching it burst on the concrete. Candi lost her balance and fell forward into the grass. Left there she needed to catch her breath and size up her next move.
Miles tucked himself away then pulled his pants up, "Who's next?" He points at Edgar who had laid low to be the lookout. The elder and portly man held his hands up, "I'm good. You guys have fun."
As Candi laid there she heard barking from within the firehouse. In response Felix mutters, "Spark", knows there's a pussy prowling."
Rusty raises an eye brow, "Let him loose. He's been cooped up in that cage all morning."
Felix nods and steps away for a mere three minutes.
As Candi gathers her composure she rolls over on to her stomach and crawls to her elbows and knees looking up at Miles. Huffing she blows the blonde strands of hair from her eyes, "Now that was intense."
Miles chuckles and shrugs at her, "America's got Talent, Baby!"
She only had enough energy to roll her eyes when she hears Felix bellow, "Incoming!"
Bolting out of the garage came a massive Dalmation who darted about for a few seconds then trained his eye on the non energetic Candace in the grass.
Without supervision the dog rebounded and ran straight for her. At first he nuzzled her face and pelted her forehead with licks. Rusty chuckled out loud and decided to keep filming her reaction. She could only giggle and lift a hand to try and pet him. However the dog moved away from each advance of her hand. Racing about he then moved in for the kill and started sniffing at her shoulder. She brightened up with a look of terror as she felt his cold nasal exhales fan across her rib cage. She whines loudly, "Not again!"
Her mind races back to the local Police hound "Dooley" and her time spent in the jailhouse. Frantic she glares up at Rusty noting the camera still rolling. Eyes wide she realized that fear would not be a wise thing to show Damian. She bit her lower lip and expelled a shrill, "MEEEOOOOOOOWWWWWWWWWW!"
The four men burst into amazement and laughter. Felix started to move in and grab Spark by the collar when Rusty grunts, "Let the dog have his fun."
Edgar had different thoughts on the matter. He replaced the hesitant Felix in moving in to grab the dog by the collar and keep him at bay.
In her predicament she looked up toward Edgar who had suddenly lost interest in their romp. Disgust perhaps but Candi still felt badly for him. Edgar was easily the oldest of the four men. A family man. Maybe even with a daughter Candi's age.
She started to sense that she needed to cease the situation before it escalated. Edgar's demeanor led her to conclude that she was right in doing so.
The Dalmation whines and pulls away from Edgar just long enough to lunge up over her body from the side.
Felix hissed, "Spark! Get off Boy." He rally's to grab the dog's collar pulling him off of her.
Rusty in turn, still filming chuckles, "I think that's his plan. You complaining down there Hotstuff?"
He zooms in on Candi's reddening face as her eyes flutter toward him painfully, "His front claws are digging into my sides."
Edgar in a huff dashes over to her side to assist Felix. Kneeling down beside her checking her side out with concern. EMT's after all. Gallantly they escort the dog off. That's when Candi decided yet again that enough was enough. She didn't need to be scarred up for her strip club appearance within a week. Then she heard, "I guess Damian is shit out of luck."
The other men notice Edgar's sudden vocal disgust of their behavior as he led the dog back into the Firehouse.
.
She fails to reply thinking she should end this. How stupid was this after all? Innocent licks of playfulness was one thing as long as there was no indication of true bestiality. Surely, Damian would be repulsed. Wouldn't he? She was torn. Damian always kept telling her to push her limits. Bolder! BOLDER!
"Keep the dog away from me. Please!"
Hesitantly, Rusty shuts the camera off and dangles it to his hip, "Too far I take it?"
Candi rolls over to sit up, "I don't think bestiality is smart. Who would want me after being fucked by a dog? Would you fuck me afterwards? Would I still be the desirable little slut you wanted to play with again and again?"
He shrugs, "You have a point there. Would feel kind of weird."
She nods up at him, "Turn the camera on and tape me please."
With a raised hand he does as he was asked. Candi settles into an indian style position then looks directly into the camera, "Master? I hope I haven't offended you by not letting that play out. I know my decisions are not priority over yours. Still, I feel bestiality is very wrong. Should you force me to do this again, I will. But, only if you order me too. I pray that you understand that my decision today was in your best interest. We both know that I don't want this kind of thing. But, it's not my decision anymore. It's yours! Punish me if you must. Love me if you can. In the meantime I have to head home shortly. The visitor's you sent over are at work as I speak. I need to check in on them. I love you, Sir! Forever!"
Rusty waits a second then shuts the camera off. He then holds his hand out to offer her an assist at pulling her up to feet. She declines and crawls to stand up. He felt lousy suddenly.
"You mad at me?"
She gathers her bikini and puts it on without a word. Once fitted she turns to face him, "No. Not at all. It was a little more than I anticipated. But, no I'm not mad. The window of opportunity for you to fuck me has closed though. Unfortunately! Raincheck?"
Rusty fidgets, "Trucks still aren't waxed."
She giggles and plants her hands on his chest, "I need that video. Can't go home empty handed."
Dislodging the ancient cartridge he gives her the 8MM tape. As she accepts it she lowers her hand to his crotch, gripping his cocks bulge, "I promise you in a few weeks you can put this monster in every hole on my body. Stop over and check my fire alarms?"
"I'll call ahead." He grunts.
"No need. I'll just dial 911 and tell them I'm flicking my Bic."
With a hug she hesitates and looks behind Rusty at Edgar leaning on the garage threshold. She pats Rusty on the arm and moves slowly toward Edgar. She pouts and opens her arms for a hug, "My Hero?"
Edgar shakes his head, "It just brought back memories, Kid. Bad history." He points at her, "Don't be stupid."
She fidgets, "I try not to be. But, it's not my call these days. If you know about bestiality then you must know of other lifestyles. My husband owns me. I would do anything for him. Even if I don't approve. Thank you though. For being so generous."
He accepts her hug then watches her peel away and blow the others a kiss. As she turns away she hears a bark and a rattle of a cage. Instinct was to ignore it. But, a tug drew her to step inside the garage and kneel down in front of the cage. She lowered her chin and allowed the Dalmation to kiss her face with a pelt of drool. She in turn kissed the dog's snout and sang, "And She called it Puppy Love!"
Silence ruled.
Candi headed home.
Her casual walk home led her almost to tears. Had she made the right decision? She knew it was Damian's yet he wasn't there to tell her yes or no. In her heart she felt she made the correct move but her question of Bigger, Bolder was still nagging at her. Too late she knew now. It would be a few days before Damian would tell her what he would have expected.
It was very hard trying to predict what he would consider too much. Maybe she should have told the firefighters to assist the Dalmation in fucking her. She shivered at the thought yet if it would garner the praise of Damian she would have done her best.
"Christ Candace! Get a grip here. What's done is done. Time to put on my game face and get through the rest of the day."
With a deep breath she reached the sidewalk directly in front of her house. She stopped cold and looked over the house itself. "Hmmmmmm! If there's a camera I sure don't see one."
As if on cue her front door opened and one of the younger Security installers stepped out. He closed the screen door and crept to the edge of the front steps.
"Welcome home. I can tell you're looking for something. I'm not going to point it out but it's there. Pitch of the roof."
She held her hand up to shade her eyes at the gutter area. "Ohhhhh! I can barely see it. How cool."
The man nodded and ushered her with a finger to journey up on to the porch. "There's a cam on both ends of the porch. Another directly above the door pointed down."
She leers around casually impressed by their hidden nature. "If I can't spot them nobody can. Good job."
The man shrugs, "Your ole man must be worried sick about your safety installing this much tech hardware." He then looks her over, "I suppose I can see what and why."
Candi sheepishly smiles, "I'm loved. What can I say?" She knows that he see's her nipples totally visible through her fabricated bra. She looks down at her chest and puckers, "I guess you really can see why he wants to look after me. I'm pretty open minded."
The man rubs the sweat from his brow on his wrist. "That you are. Not that I'm complaining."
She steps closer and pats his cheek, "For shame! Let's go inside I'm burning up out here."
She leads the way as his eyes follow her bare ass with a thin strand of g-string between her cheeks. He nearly stumbles over the threshold.
Once inside Candi goes into the kitchen and snatches up a bottled water from her fridge. She then slyly hides the 8MM tape in a silverware drawer covered by a dish towel.
Looking out through her French doors to the back yard she guesses, "Same camera angles as the front?"
He nods as another of his cohorts enters the kitchen from the laundry room in the basement. As he eyes her she points at him, "Did you angle the camera just right so I can sit on the washer during the rinse cycle?"
The redheaded man chuckles, "Sure thing. I put your surveillance screens on the west wall near the junction box. So far I was able to witness you come up the drive and in the living room.The back yard is running perfect. Dad's still setting up the upstairs. Jericho is installing cam's in the bathroom upstairs and then the breezeway into the garage. I'm fixing to go put two more in the garage itself. Nice Jeep by the way. Vintage military. Very sweet."
"My husband's pet project. If he ever comes home long enough to finish it." She turns to face the men and leans back against the kitchen sink. That was when the redhead notices her see through bra. His face turns as red as his hair.
"Sorry! Should I cover up?"
Both boys nod in unison. "Please don't."
She offers a beguiling smile, "Your Father thought the same thing. Even though he let on differently. The eyes don't lie. Anyways. I'm going upstairs while you boys finish up. I need a shower."
"Ummm! Jericho is in the bathroom installing right now." reminded the Redhead.
"I'm sure I won't be a bother. There's a glass door between us." She winks and darts between them to scurry up the staircase from the living room.
At the top of the stairs she spots the Father of the band, "Hi, Charlie. I'm home. Looks good so far."
The man ignores her and finishes his work. That led Candi to step into her bedroom to spot cameras on all four walls. Now that she knew what to look for. She bit her lip out of excitement.
Journeying her eyes toward the bathroom she noted Jericho on a short step stool . She could only see him from the feet up to mid chest. He was stretching with dangling wires all around him. She grins evilly and steps into the doorway squeezing by his right side, "Don't mind me. I just need to go to the bathroom."
She removes her bikini bottoms and squats down on the toilet. In seconds Jericho heard the sound of tinkling. He gets up enough nerve to look back and down at her. She in turn flutters her fingers at him. Once finished she stands up and disengages her top tossing both articles of clothing to the floor.
Opening her shower door she steps inside and closes it behind her. Starting the water made her utter a shriek, "Cold! Cold! Cold!"
This led Jericho to whisper, "Yeah the water heaters been off because we had to cut the power to wire everything. Sorry about that."
She shivers and grits her teeth, "I should have known that. Silly me. That's okay I just needed a refresher anyway." In her mind she used the term Whore's bath.
Still working, Jericho snuck peeks at her lathering herself up with scented body wash. He had to shake his head and climb down. He knew that his Dad would realize his predicament and wanted to beat him to the punch. Sure enough there was Charlie ducking his head through the bedroom door. Jericho tried to avoid eye contact but Charlie just patted his boy on the shoulder. At least one of his kids had a lick of sense. Even if it took longer than it should have. Enough for Charlie.
As she winded down her chilling shower Candi stepped out and snatched a big towel then fidgeted. She released the bigger towel and instead chose a smaller version. Dabbing herself until satisfied she then wrapped that towel around herself. Opting to leave massive cleavage the towel barely covered her snatch and ass. Humming she stepped out into the bedroom and primped at herself in the mirror.
Finally, Charlie knocked on the door. "If you want us to finish up you need to behave."
Candi frowned, "Go right ahead. I'm going to be at ease in my own home, thank you very much."
Charlie nudges inside to look her over. "Look Lady! My boys are barely over the age. 18, 19, and 21. I don't need you distracting and playing on their youth. It's hard enough getting them to stay busy as it is."
She pouted, "How much longer?"
Charlie sized up the bathroom assessment, "Twenty minutes here. Fifteen for me in the Hallway and guest bedroom. Keep your clothes on? Please?"
She shakes her head, "My towel yes. Clothing no. Finish up please."
Growling Charlie turns to face Jericho planting his hands on his shoulders, "Just keep your mind on what you're doing. Let's get done and go home."
Jericho was torn between looking at his Father and at Candi over his shoulder fanning her towel wide open and winking at him. All Jericho could do was nod, "I won't be long."
Charlie turned awkwardly just as Candi shifted away to tighten her towel back into place. She loved teasing. Hearing Jericho move into the bathroom once more Charlie pointed at her to behave. She merely creased her brow at him.
Awaiting Charlie to return to his ladder Candi cautiously tiptoed over to Jericho on his own ladder. She tugged at his pants leg then held a finger to her lips for him to hush. He nodded in response feeling her hands roll up his legs and unite at his bulging crotch. He wanted to faint. She bit her lip and darted her eyes back and forth between the son and the doorway to the hall.
"So, Jericho is it? How long have you worked for your Dad?"
She played her words coyly and loud enough for Charlie to hear her. She knew if she maintained casual conversation he would shrug off her sneakiness.
"About nine months. I graduated from High school last year. Dad wanted me to have a trade."
Candi grinned up at him as her hand rubbed the length of his erection. "That's nice of Charlie to want his kids in on the family business. Did you want to go to college?"
As Jericho tried to do his job and play along he was trembling at his words. "Yea, kinda. I've always been interested in Computers. This is a start I guess."
He felt her clench her teeth around his girth and pinch the crown. That made him drop his screwdriver and wire snips. The sound of them clattering on the floor made her stand erect swiftly, "Here I'll pick those up for you. You stay up there."
Doing so she winks at him and mouthes the words, "I love your cock."
The man shivers with a grin as Candi steps away to move to the bedroom door. Charlie was still on his ladder. Again she puts a finger to her lips to remain quiet. Tiptoe she returned to Jericho and reached up to unzip his jeans. He panicked then and grabbed her hands silently trying not to fall off of his step stool. She frowned at him just as he held a finger up to wait a minute. She held back as he released her hand to watch him unzip his own jeans and dig in for his cock. His words added intensity, "Your Husband's in the Army?"
"Marine's actually. He's been in Iraq forever it seems."
As his dick flopped out she dove into it jaw wide and sucked on it while Jericho tried to maintain his cool. "Does he get any leave to come home?"
She releases his cock with a wagging tongue on his foreskin, "In a month. I can't wait." She leaped back into her mission as Jericho tilted his head back. This was his first ever blowjob. Candi knew it by his shivering. That made it all the more exciting. So intense was her mouth thrusts that Jericho had to grip the door jam for balance.
"Th-that's cool. Do you two have big plans while he's home?"
Again she releases him long enough to speak, "I'm not certain honestly. I'm sure Damian will make it special."
She hesitates a moment hearing Charlie griping out in the hallway. She winks up at Jericho as her hands jerk him off to give her a chance to talk. Calling over her shoulder she asks, "Everything okay out there Charlie?"
She hears a, "Yeah! These old houses are made of oak. Hard ass wood to drill into let alone wire."
"Oh, I know! The wood here is hard as hell. My Husband and Father-in-Law have had that problem too." She then swallowed his cock extra deep and moaned very lightly. He ushered down a barely audible, "Shhh!"
She ignored him and throat fucked herself violently causing Jericho to freeze and fear the worst. He was throbbing hard and ready to burst. Suddenly, she pulls away and jerks him off until her hands get splattered by cum. In his feat of glory he had to clench his mouth over his screwdriver to avoid a gutteral reckoning that his Dad might hear.
Then, out of spite they hear Charlie grunt, "How's it coming, Son?"
Both of them had to resist laughter as Candi defends Jericho, "He's coming along just fine. Almost done even."
A few rapid jerks his shaft was drained and she licked up his cum with a fierce dedication. He had to step down quietly and zip up before returning to his work. She winked, "I'm going to go downstairs. You boy's take your time."
She waved at Jericho with a blown kiss and stepped out into the hallway looking up at Charlie. "That camera will see me coming up the stairs and going down correct?"
"That's the plan." Charlie growled.
She shrugged and darted softly down the stairs into the kitchen. Stepping into her breezeway from the side of the house she propped a glass Mason jar under the screen door. A warning should Charlie journey out to check on them. She then moves into the garage.
Both of the other boys had teamed up to finish the garage surveillance. Standing up on ladders to reach two of the four corners the men didn't immediately see her arrival. She utilized that advantage to crawl up into the driver's seat of Damian's Jeep. The vinyl top had been removed long ago and was open.
Once settled she untied her towel and put the seat back. The squeak of the seats track made the boys notice her. She waved at them then planted her feet up on the door panel and the dash. Her fingers then went to work rubbing her clit.
Both men stepped down and moved in carefully to watch her masturbate. She winked at both of them as her left hand raised a breast to swirl her tongue around it's areola. "I just blew Jericho behind your Father's back. Who wants to be next?"
The two men froze without expression, bordering on awe. The redhead looked at her swirling tongue then hopped up into the passenger seat. He unzipped his pants without haste and whipped out a six incher. This made her drop her breast and reposition her legs down to the floorboard in order to lean over him. She immediately swallowed his cock four inches deep and lingered. This forced the man's head back against the cushioned seat. He took just enough time to mutter, "Bryce? Watch out for Dad."
She fed on his erection like a starving child then suddenly broke away. She wanted to feel him inside her. Crawling delicately into place she hovered over him reaching under to place his crown into her pussy. Easing down on it made both of them gasp.
Bryce noted his brother's good fortune and took the intiative to climb up into the bed of the Jeep and stand over her as he whipped his own cock out dangling it low over his brother Jacob's shoulder. As uncomfortable as it was Jacob let her lean into him to swallow Bryce's cock. He just prayed they could finish before Dad caught them.
"Holy shit! Bitch you are fucking "A" HOT!"
She thanked Bryce by swallowing him deeper. It was difficult to ride Jacob and commit to Bryce. Her decision made up she climbs off of Jacob and crawls over him with Bryce's help to stand in the bed. She turned and gripped the roll bar bending over, "Your turn, Bryce. Fuck me."
Bryce did just that spreading her pussy and transplanting his seven incher into her.
Jacob felt cheated and turned his attention now on sucking on her bouncing tits. Holding them firm to bite at her nipples. Her moans grew intense. She then tugged on Jacob's shirt, "Get up here beside Bryce. Take turns fucking me. Let's all cum together."
Jacob jumped at the chance and stood beside Bryce awkwardly in the room they had to utilize. Bryce felt generous and pulled out just so that Jacob could take his place. Grunts grew more and more intense. Suddenly, Jacob felt the need to pull out and drench her ass cheeks. In a shuddering convulsion he moves back allowing Bryce to cringe at his brothers cum. Still it wasn't enough to stop him. He managed to ignore the fact and plunge deep into her and keep up his momentum. In five minutes he too pulled out and let his own jizz pepper her ass.
"I soooooo needed that." She huffed reaching for her towel and turning around to stand between the boys. Jacob took her towel and wiped her back side. Bryce in turn was greeted with a warm kiss to his lips. She in turn twisted around and did the same for Jacob.
"I better get back inside before your Dad looks for me. I think he knows I'm trouble." She giggled.
Just then she heard the jar tinkle on the concrete of the breezeway. Her eyes bulged as she crawled down leaving the boys to zip up in rapid fashion. She ducked down as the Boy's raced to their ladders.
Then, to their relief Jericho stepped into view, "Hey! Dad wants a progress report."
No sooner did she recognize his voice Candi jumped up and raced into Jericho's arms kissing him on the lips as she had the Brothers. She owed him.
Shocked and beet red Jericho nods at his Brother's who smirked at each other. They would keep their mouthes shut until later in the night. For now let him think he was the only lucky guy around.
Darting toward the house Candi managed to grab another bottled water and make it to the stairwell, looking up at Charlie. He was waving at the camera while looking at a clipboard. Final checks she presumed.
"All done, Charlie Man?"
He turned around to look down at her, "Inside the house. Just waiting on the Boy's to polish off the garage. We should be out of your hair in no time."
Candi nodded and prowled cautiously up the stairs toward him. In her sojourn she loosened her towel gently so as not to be noticed. Without an expression she reached the top of the stairs and faked a stumble falling directly into Charlie. Her body collided with his lower half, her face pressing sideways into his crotch. He helped her to regain balance and offered an uncertain glare.
"You saved me. I could have fallen down the stairs. How can I ever repay you?" She stood up straight and hugged him tightly. Her towel then slipped off of her body and hit the carpet.
Charlie stood in shock just as she leaned in to whisper, "I felt your OAK tree on my cheek. Don't even deny it."
He growled and looked down over the stairwell. With a puckered lip he grabbed her by the arm and escorted her into her bedroom. He swiftly shut the door and locked it.
Without haste he picks her up and throws her on to her bed and stands over her at the foot. Instinct took over as he moved to the window and opened it. He yelled out, "Boys!" then waited until they opened the large garage door's entrance. Jericho looked up, "Another fifteen minutes, Pops."
"Good! Stay down there and help your Brother's. I'll be down to inspect."
He then shut the window and closed the blind. Turning around he found Candi scooted directly to the edge of the bed with her legs spread wide and her pussy pried open by her fingers, "Fuck me, Charlie!"
He shook his head rolling his eyes then couldn't resist. He dropped his pants and palmed his dick. Then he crawled up on the mattress over her and entered her.
"I knew you wanted me, Charlie. I adore older men."
He grunts thrusting into her, "Guess I need to do this before these cameras in here go live. Out of the question afterwards. Now shut up before I lose my Johnny."
She sighed, "Johnny feels really good."
He noticed how wet she was but chalked it up to her interest in him. After ten minutes Charlie cums inside her and collapses over her. She could only lay there under his weight and pat his shoulders.
"Johnny was magnificent."
Winded Charlie crawls off of her and shakes his head out of disbelief. He tried so hard to deny his attractions. He was old and faithful to his wife. Until today. He would hate himself for monthes to come.
"I gotta get my pants up and get this job done."
He then chose to ignore her as he moved away. Candi felt badly again. Her seduction skills were at their prime. She couldn't resist suckering the Father.
She withdrew into herself as he left the bedroom shutting the door.
Eying the cameras at each corner of her bedroom she sighs, "Just like a caged animal now. Maybe my true spots are shining through."
A Dalmation would haunt her dreams that night.
An hour later Charlie knocked on her bedroom door. "We're done and packed up. Everything's working fine. I left instructions on the kitchen counter. If you have any problems I left my card for you to call. Night Ma'am!"
She hugged her pillow in a fetal position. "Night Charlie. Tell the Boy's I said Thank you."
"Sure thing."
Charlie moped all the way back to his van.
The Boys? They gathered in the truck behind the van. They needed to talk. Without Dad hearing.
Charlie was glad to drive home alone.
Alone now.
Candi looks at the ceiling.
"I love you, Master!"