CHAPTER 1: The Proposal
"Who is Jerry?" Dean asked, holding my cellphone out so I could see the text message.
I knew I was in trouble. I'd been married to Dean for 12 years and he was the love of my life. Unfortunately, on a recent business trip I made a mistake. I had a bit too much to drink at the end of conference reception and ended up going back to my hotel room with Jerry, a district manager who was coming off of a nasty divorce. Once I got back home, Jerry decided to text me to profess his love while my husband was using my phone. Lucky me.
"Um...Jerry was a mistake I made when I was in San Diego at that conference," I started explaining.
"A mistake?" Dean yelled.
"I was drunk and Jerry was fresh off of his divorce looking pitiful. I started talking to him to try to cheer him up and...one thing led to..."
Dean didn't even let me finish. "Did you fuck him?"
For several seconds I didn't say anything as I tried to build the courage to admit to my husband, who I still loved and cared about more than anybody in the world, that I had betrayed him. My hesitation answered his question.
"Did he cum inside of you?" Dean asked as anger filled his eyes.
"I was drunk. I wasn't thinking straight." I avoided answering the question.
"Did you let him cum inside of you?" Dean wasn't going to let me avoid answering.
"Yes." I started to cry. "Dean, baby, I love you more than anything in the world. I made a mistake. I'm sorry. Jerry didn't mean anything to me. "
Dean didn't say anything. He just stared at me with a clenched jaw and rage filled eyes.
"Please, let me make it up to you. Somehow. I'll do anything. Anything at all. Just...just give me another chance," I cried. I started sobbing uncontrollably. I couldn't imagine my life without Dean. I had to convince him how truly sorry I was.
"Anything?" he asked.
"Anything at all," I assured him, wiping away my tears.
"Sexually?" I started to see his eyes change from anger to intrigue.
"I promise you. I'll do anything you want." Dean and I had always had a pretty adventurous sex life, but some things had always remained off limits, namely anal, group sex, cumming anywhere above the chest, and I never swallowed, despite him asking me almost every night.
I looked at him and could tell that he was pondering his options. Taking advantage of the moment, I smiled at him and started unbuttoning my blouse. "Let me prove it to you," I said in my sexiest voice. I let my shirt hang open and unclasped my bra, exposing my perfectly shaped 34C breasts. I walked over to my husband, and without giving him a chance to say anything, I got down on my knees and started kissing him through the zipper of his pants.
I could feel him getting hard. Slowly, I pulled down his fly and opened his pants to free his 6 inch member. I wasted no time as I started licking the head of his dick. I felt myself getting wet as I took his full length into my mouth. I let my tongue dance back and forth as I fondled his balls with my free hand. I felt Dean grab my head and move it in and out as he continued to fuck my face. When I heard his moans start to get louder and felt his muscle start to tighten, I knew that he was getting close. I felt him start to pull out of my mouth so he could cum on my chest like I had always made him in the past, but before he pulled away, I grabbed his ass and forced him back into my mouth. I started giving him head with more energy than I ever had. I continued to tickle the head of his penis with my tongue while I stroked his cock with my hand. He let out a loud grunt and a split second later I felt his warm cum hit the back of my throat. I immediately gagged, but I knew that I had to prove that I would do anything for him. I forced myself to swallow every drop of his warm sperm as it continued to shoot load after load into my throat.
I continued stroking his cock until I got every last drop of cum into my mouth. A felt a drop of cum on the corner of my lip and I felt Dean reach down and wipe it with one finger and hold it front of me. I licked his finger clean and then took his cock back into my mouth to do the same.
As he pulled out of my mouth, I reached down between my legs and felt my wet pussy and started playing with my clit. Just as I was laying back to spread my legs and put on a show for Dean, he grabbed my arm and pulled me up to my feet.
"Don't touch yourself," he instructed me. "I'm still considering you offer. Until I make my decision about what to do, I don't want you to touch yourself and you will not cum." I guess it was a good sign that he was at least considering giving me a second chance. "I'm going to go out and clear my head and I'll have my answer by tomorrow morning." Without another word, Dean turned and walked out of the house.
I stood there for a moment staring at the closed door. I was still horny from tasting cum for the first time and my clit was screaming at me for some attention. I knew that I could bring myself to climax in a matter of seconds at that point, but Dean had given me a very clear instruction and I didn't want to betray him again. Instead, I walked to our bedroom and started getting ready for bed.
As I brushed my teeth and looked at myself in the mirror, I couldn't concentrate. I like to think that I am a strong, independent woman that would never let a man control me, and now I was embarrassed by how wet and excited I was by the thought of having to give in to Dean's every wish and desire. Although I still hated the taste and feel of cum in mouth, I kept replaying in my mind how excited Dean got while he was filling my throat with his seed. Each time I imagined a new load of cum shooting into my mouth I kept getting more and more turned on. I took off my panties, which were soaked all the way through with my pussy juices, and put on a short red silk nighty that was Dean's favorite. I laid down in bed and drifted off to sleep still fantasizing about giving in to my husband's every desire.

CHAPTER 2: The Agreement
The next morning, I woke up and was immediately filled with fear when I looked over and realized that Dean's side of the bed had not been slept in. I looked at the clock. 8:00 a.m. Dean had never stayed out all night before. I started imagining the worst case scenario. Was he really not going to give me a second chance? Had he already decided to leave me? I started to cry. Dean meant everything to me, and I wasn't sure if I was going to be able to live without him. Just as I was starting to really feel sorry for myself, I heard the front door open.
"Dean?" I called out. I didn't hear a response.
"Dean? Is that you?"
I started getting out of bed to check on the door when Dean walked in the room. He looked like he'd been up all night, but he no longer looked angry. If anything, he looked content. I noticed him check me out. I was sitting on the corner of the bed with my nipples pointing through the thin material of my nighty and with my hem hiked up almost to the top of my thigh, partially exposing my pubic hair. I stood up and grabbed for my robe to cover myself, when Dean finally spoke.
"Leave it off." He didn't smile.
"Huh?" I wasn't used to Dean talking to me like that. I felt a tingle go through my body as I reminded myself of how turned on I was the previous night. I place my robe back down on the bed. I crossed my arms over my chest in an attempt to hide how hard my nipples had gotten all of a sudden.
"I spent the whole night thinking about your proposal and I have a proposal of my own." He still wasn't smiling.
"Dean, I love you," I said. "I know that I hurt you and when I told you I would do absolutely anything to make it up to you, I meant it. Whatever your proposal is, I agree to it. You don't even have to explain it to me."
For the first time, Dean smiled. "Just listen then. My birthday is on Monday. From now until then, you will do anything I tell you to do. In private, in public, sexually, non-sexually, everything. For the next three days, you will do anything I say without question and without hesitation. If you don't live up to your end of the deal, I'm gone. Forever." His tone and body language made it clear that he was serious about leaving. "Do we have a deal?"
I didn't even hesitate. "Absolutely. When do we start?"
"Right now. Go shower and put on something sexy. We're going to go to breakfast and then we have some shopping to do. We're leaving in 30 minutes." He then turned around and walked out of the room.

CHAPTER 3: The Restaurant
I quickly went into the bathroom and showered. I dried off and walked into my closet to choose an outfit. I figured that when he told me to dress "sexy", he was giving me my first test. I didn't want to disappoint, but my wardrobe was more of a "professional chic" than a "sexy", so I had to get creative. I chose a black skirt that went just above my knee with a black lace thong and a white, low cut flowing shirt with a push-up bra that ensured even a blind man would take notice of my cleavage. I looked in the mirror and wasn't sure if I would consider the outfit "sexy". I rolled the waist of the skirt a few times until the hem hit my leg at mid-thigh. Better. I finished the outfit off with black leather knee boots. It was definitely much more revealing and risqué than I would normally wear to breakfast, but today, I had something to prove.
I finished doing my hair and putting on my make-up and then looked at the clock. 28 minutes. "Two minutes to spare," I thought to myself. I gave myself a final once over in the mirror and headed out to meet Dean.
I walked out into the living room and was greeted by Dean, who had showered and shaved in our guest bathroom, which wiped away any sign on tiredness or lack of sleep. I twirled in the living room right in front of Dean, which made my skirt fly up. I wanted him to check me out and see that I was wearing a thong. He gave me an approving nod and I smiled knowing that I was living up to my end of the bargain.
"Remember, whatever I say goes. No questions. No hesitation," Dean reminded me. I nodded my understanding. "Let's go."
We drove about 20 minutes without speaking before we pulled into the parking lot of Café Calais, a French restaurant that was known for its extraordinary breakfasts and private tables. The parking lot was only about half full and Dean parked on the side of the building.
"Are you ready to prove yourself?" Dean asked me. I nodded yes. "Take your panties off and give them to me. You won't be needing them."
I paused for a second and began to wonder what exactly Dean had in mind for me. He had always tried to convince me to flash my tits or pussy to truckers while we were driving down the interstate, but up to this point, I had never obliged. Although, the thought of showing off to total strangers had always excited me (after all, at 35 I've taken care of myself and am fit with a set of tits and an ass anybody would be proud of), I've always been scared of getting arrested. Now, it didn't look like I was going to have a chance to say no, and it was definitely making me hot.
I started hiking up my skirt to grab the waistband of my thong when Dean grabbed my arm. He shook his head. "Not in the car, in the parking lot. Get out, pull your skirt up, and take your panties off. Leave your skirt up until I tell you that it's okay to pull it back down." He said it with such authority, I knew that I had no choice.
I quickly got out of the car and walked around to Dean's window. I looked around the parking lot and saw an older man sitting in his car outside of a nearby coffee shop looking down at his phone. His car was facing me and I knew that if he decided to look up he would get quite a show. I took a deep breath and then went for it. I pulled up my skirt, quickly pulled off my panties, and handed them to my husband, who had the biggest smile I had ever seen on his face.
As I felt the light breeze on my ass and exposed pussy, all I could think about was how badly I wanted Dean to fuck me. I was so turned on that I almost started touching myself, but as I moved my hand up my thigh, Dean shook his head and reminded me that I wasn't allow to cum until he gave me permission.
"Besides," he pointed out, "you wouldn't want that old man in the car over there to see you masturbating in public, would you?"
I looked over at the car and saw the old man staring at my exposed body. He made eye contact with me, smiled, and gave me a thumbs up. Then, he pulled out of his parking spot and drove away.
I turned crimson red from embarrassment, but at the same time, my pussy was so wet I could almost feel my juices running down my leg. Seeing my embarrassment, Dean gave me a reprieve.
He then got out of the car. "Good job. Pull your skirt down and let's go inside and grab some breakfast. You'll have plenty more opportunities to show off before the day's done." Dean started walking into the restaurant without waiting for me.
When we walked into the café we were greeted by a perky 20-something wearing tight black pants and a white tank top with no bra. I could clearly see her nipples though her shirt. "Two?" she asked with fake cheerfulness.
"Huh? Oh...yeah...just the two of us," Dean answered distractedly, who apparently could also see her nipples clearly. The girl smiled at the attention. "Can we have a booth with a little bit of privacy?" Dean asked charmingly.
"Sure thing. This way please," the girl answered
as she led us to a high backed round booth in the back corner of the restaurant. Dean sat next to me with our backs to the rest of the restaurant so that unless a person was right next to our table, he or she wouldn't be able to see anything we were doing. "Your server today will be Thomas and he'll be right with you," the hostess told us as she headed back to the front of the restaurant.
Once the hostess was gone, Dean wasted no time. "Give me your bra," he commanded. "I want you to show off your nipples just like she was," Dean said, motioning towards the hostess. I had already suspected that it was coming and had my bra off within seconds. In truth, it felt good to release my breasts from the restraint of the push-up bra. I looked down and could clearly see my nipples poking out from underneath my thin shirt.
"Does it turn you on that you can see my tits while we're sitting out in public?" I asked out of true curiosity.
"Don't ask questions. Just do whatever I tell you," Dean scolded. He paused for a second. "If you really want to know, then yes. I love showing you off. It makes me want to fuck your brains out, but I have a lot planned for today before we get to that." An evil smile crept onto his face as if he had just thought of a new idea. "Now, take a piece of ice from your water and rub it on your nipples until they're rock hard."
I grabbed a piece of ice and leaned back in my seat. I reached my hand under my shirt and started to rub around my areola with the ice. My breasts had always been extremely sensitive and I could feel an orgasm welling up inside of me. I closed my eyes and leaned back even further. I started rubbing the ice on the nipple itself and let out a soft moan. I wanted to cum so bad. Just as I was about to have what felt like was going to be the greatest orgasm of my life, the high pitched voice of our waiter interrupted my thoughts.
"Are you guys ready to order?" Thomas the waiter squeaked as he walked up to the table.
Dean almost started laughing. Although I wasn't sure if Thomas had seen me with my hand up my shirt fondling my breasts, there was no way he wouldn't notice my now erect nipples sticking out through the thin material of my shirt, especially since the ice cube had left a wet spot the made my white shirt virtually invisible.
Thomas looked like the kind of guy that could quote every line of the Star Wars trilogy but had never seen a naked woman that wasn't on a computer screen or in a magazine. I saw the surprise on his face when he noticed my exposed nipples, and he couldn't pull his eyes away from my tits as he took our order.
"We'll both have a Western omelet," Dean ordered. Neither one of us had even thought about looking at the menu, but you can never go wrong with an omelet. Thomas didn't even seem to hear Dean's order. He just stood there, staring at my chest. I notice a bulge developing in Thomas' pants. "Um...did you get that? Two omelets?" Dean repeated.
"Oh, yeah. Sorry. Two Western omelets," Thomas blushed. He wrote down the order and quickly turned and walked away.
I started writhing in my seat as I thought about how sexy it made me feel to have a perfect stranger ogling me. Dean must have been able to read my mind as I felt his hand start rubbing the inside of my thigh. "You want me to touch your pussy don't you?" he whispered into my ear.
"Yes," I moaned. "I want to cum so bad."
I felt his hand move up my thigh. He ran two fingers between my pussy lips, up to my clit. "God, you are so wet," Dean whispered. He started fucking me with two fingers while using his thumb to rub my clit.
"Mmmm," I let out another moan. I almost couldn't believe what was going on. My husband was finger fucking me in a busy restaurant and, not only was I not stopping him, I was aching for more. Just as I was on the verge of cumming again, Dean pulled his hand away.
I couldn't control myself. "Keep going. Please. I need to cum so bad," I begged louder than I had intended. I looked at Dean and saw his eyes dart up. I turned and saw Thomas standing next to our table, eyes wide, mouth open, and with a full erection in his pants. I had no idea how long he had been watching us. His eyes kept darting between my breasts and my crotch. I looked down and realized that Dean had pulled my skirt up to my waist while he was finger fucking me and young Thomas was getting a full, unobstructed view of my spread, wet pussy. My first impulse was to close my legs and cover myself, but something came over me. Instead, I licked my lips and ran my finger up his hard cock, which was still begging to be released from the tight material of his pants.
"Would you like to see me cum, Thomas?" I asked, fully knowing the answer.
Thomas could not get any words out, but managed to nod his head. I looked over at Dean to make sure it was okay and his smile was all the permission I needed. I leaned back in my seat and pulled my blouse up to my chin and started fondling my breasts with my left hand. I slowly moved my right hand down my stomach to the top of my thigh. With two finger, I traced the outline of my pussy, teasing myself. Then, I ran my fingers up my pussy lips and spread them out to make sure Dean and Thomas could both see every part of my cunt. I brought my left hand down to my clit and gently pinched it to bring it out of its hiding place. I started making small, slow circle on top of my clit. I no longer cared that I was in the middle of a restaurant, or that the waiter, who I had never met before, was watching me in my most intimate moment. All I wanted to do was release all of the sexual energy that I had pent up over the past 12-hours.
I let out a moan. The circle became faster and I started pushing harder. I closed my eyes and imagined that my finger was Dean's tongue. My body started to tense and I felt the orgasm building inside my body for a third time. I let out a loud gasp as an intense orgasm overtook me body. I'm certain that other customers in the restaurant heard my moans, but at that particular moment, I didn't care. My body convulsed as wave after wave of pleasure consumed me. When the pleasure subsided, I sat for a moment, basking in the afterglow of one of the greatest orgasms of my life. Then, I sat up and readjusted my shirt and skirt to cover my exposed flesh. I looked up and smiled at Thomas, waiting for him to say something.
"Umm," Thomas stammered, "I...uh...I...forgot to ask you what kind of toast you wanted."
"You know what," Dean said as he motioned me to get up from the table, "I think we decided to go somewhere else." Dean threw a $50 bill down on the table and we brushed past Thomas as we walked out of the restaurant, leaving him standing there with a bulging hard-on and a look of disbelief.
CHAPTER 4
As we drove away from the restaurant, I felt regret coming over me. I couldn't believe that I had just masturbated in the middle of a restaurant, in front a geeky waiter. On one hand, I felt more alive and invigorated than I had ever felt before, but on the other, I was ashamed by my loss of control and by how excited the whole situation was making me. I wasn't sure if it was having Dean control me or if it was the thrill of showing off my body to strangers, but either way, I knew that my body and my desires had betrayed me and I was worried about how far Dean would make me go.
"So, what's next?" I asked, faking a smile.
"We're going on a shopping trip. I think today would be a good time to add some sexiness to your wardrobe." He paused for a second. "Maybe sexy isn't the right word. Slutty is probably more accurate. We're going to go shopping to get you some slutty clothes."
Now I was nervous. Normally, I dress fairly conservatively, but always modern and chic. Many of my outfits would fit into the category of "sexy". But "slutty"? What did he mean by that? "Are you going pick the clothes or are you going to let me have some say?" I asked with reservation in my voice.
"Why? Are you scared of what I would pick?" Dean asked with a smile.
"Yes," I replied frankly. "You know I can't walk around town dressed like a street walker, right? People look up to me. I'd probably see some of friends, or even worse, see my boss and get fired."
"It seems to me that you're forgetting the terms of the deal. We're only on our first day and you're already telling me what you will and won't do?" he asked with a stern tone in his voice. "Maybe this deal isn't going to work after all."
"No, I promise I'm going to live up to my end of the bargain. I'm going to do whatever you ask," I assured him. "It's just that I think I could pick out something that would be sexy while still keeping me from getting arrested. If you don't like what I pick, you can always veto my selection."
Dean thought for a moment. "Will you model everything for me?" he asked.
"Absolutely."
"In the store?"
"If that's what you want, then yes. I'll model all of the clothes, in store, for your to approval," I recapped, happy with the proposed arrangement.
Dean pulled into a parking spot right at the entrance of the mall. "We have a deal," he said. "One catch though. If you come out of the dressing room in something I don't like, you have to take it off in front of me, before returning to the dressing room."
Talk about encouragement to pick out something slutty on the first try. I nodded my head in agreement and we got out of the car and walked into the mall. Our first stop was a small women's shoe store. We walked in and were immediately greeted by a balding fat guy that looked to be in his late-40s or early-50s.
"Can I help you guys find anything in particular?" he asked, giving me a quick look up and down.
"We're just looking right now," I quickly answered, hoping that couldn't see my still braless nipples.
"Ok. Just let me know if you need anything," the salesman smiled and went back behind the counter.
I started wandering the store with Dean close behind me. I wasn't normally a stilettos kind of girl, but in this case, I don't think I had a choice. I held up a pair of rhinestone covered black leather sandals with 4-inch heels and an ankle strap. Dean nodded his head in approval.
"Pick out a pair of thigh high boots, too. I have another outfit in mind for you," Dean instructed me.
I'd been in the store previously and often dreamt about buying the pair of boots on display in the front window. I never bought them because they were expensive and I thought that Dean would probably get mad at the purchase. They were black, with thin heels, and were long enough to reach about mid to upper thigh on me. Without hesitation, I walked over to the boot display and grabbed the display model. I took both the stiletto and the boot to the salesman. "Could I try both of these in a size 7?" I asked sweetly.
The salesman showed mild disinterest in my request and walked to the back room with a quick nod. While he was gone, Dean walked up to me and whispered in my ear, "Ask him to help you try them on."
I laughed a little bit. I now realized that Dean was hoping I was going to put on a little show for this bald fat guy. I acknowledged Dean's request with a nod of my head and took a seat right next to the door of the back room.
When the salesman emerged from the back with my requested shoes, he set them down on the empty chair next me. "There you go, ma'am. Let me know if there is anything else I can get for you." He started to turn back towards his perch behind the cash register.
"Actually," I said in a helpless voice, "I hurt my back at yoga class yesterday and it's tough for me to bend down. Would you mind helping me try these on?"
The salesman looked around the store, which was empty except for Dean, him, and me. "Sure. Which one do you want to try on first?" he smiled at me. The look on his face told me that he was hopeful he might be in for a show.
"How about the sandal?" I replied. Although I knew that Dean was hoping I was going to give the salesman a clear beaver shot, I decided to play hard to get. I crossed my legs as the salesman knelt down in front of me. I could almost feel his disappointment as he placed the shoes on my feet.
I stood up and walked around the store to model the shoes for Dean. "They look great," he said with little enthusiasm. "Now try on the boots." I sat back down and took off the sandals and grabbed the boots. I started pulling them on when Dean interjected. "Honey, isn't your back still bothering you from yoga? I don't want you to hurt yourself. Why don't you have this nice gentleman help you get those on," motioning towards the salesman.
I looked over at the salesman, who looked like a little kid on Christmas morning. "Good idea," I replied through my teeth. "Sir, would you mind helping me get these boots on?"
"Yes, ma'am," the salesman said with a previously unseen enthusiasm. Before I could even blink, he was once again kneeling in front of me holding the boot. He zipped the boot all the way down to the bottom and I easily placed my foot in. The zipper was on the inside of the boot and the salesman slowly started pulling the zipper up along the inside of my leg, rubbing his fingers along my skin as he did it. When he reached my knee, the zipper got stuck on the folds of the leather. I wasn't sure what to do.
If I straightened my leg, I'd almost certainly give the salesman a glimpse of my uncovered pussy, but if I didn't we'd be here all day trying to get the boot on and I'm pretty sure Dean wasn't going to stand for that. I let out a quick sigh and then straightened my leg, trying to keep my heel firmly planted into the ground to minimize exposing myself.
The salesman quickly got the zipper past my knee and paused to look at both Dean and me, his eyes begging for permission to go further. I looked away from his leering gaze, but not before noticing Dean giving him an approving nod. Feeling empowered by Dean's acknowledgement, the salesman lifted my foot to his chest level and moved it to the side, spreading my legs a bit and giving himself a clear view of my uncovered pussy. I felt anger welling inside of me at Dean's willingness to display me to this creepy salesman, but at the same time, I once again felt my body betray me as my juices began flow and I became more and more aroused.
The salesman licked his lips and then continued pulling the zipper up my leg, his hand running along my inner thigh, and his eyes locked on my exposed privates. Halfway up my thigh, he paused again. The boot ended only inches from my groin and because the zipper was on the inside of the boot, his hand would have to brush against my swollen pussy to get the zipper all the way up. I looked at Dean, begging him with my eyes to not let the salesman touch my most intimate area, but he looked at me, cocked his head, and grinned. The salesman, watched our exchange, and then, knowing that he wasn't going to get in trouble, pulled the zipper to the top of the boot and turned his hand to let his finger barely run between my pussy lips and brush my clit before bringing his hand out. I shuttered at the feel of his touch. His hands were rough and the touch was far from sensual, but, despite myself, I still found myself getting increasingly excited by his attention and, more importantly, by completely surrendering to Dean's instructions.
The salesman quickly grabbed the second boot, ready for round two, but Dean stepped in before the salesman could violate me a second time. "Maybe I'll help her get this one on," Dean commented to the salesman. "Why don't you have a seat right there," Dean instructed the salesman, motioning towards a chair directly across from me that would give him a perfect view of the show.
Dean gave me an almost vengeful look and, like the salesman, knelt down in front of me. He grabbed my foot and straightened my leg, running his hand up my calf and thigh. I felt myself twitch for the pleasure of his touch. He held me leg up high enough so that he, the salesman, and anybody else that walked into the store could see up my skirt.
I looked over at the salesman, who was rubbing himself through his pants, exciting me even more.
Dean then gently pulled the zipper up my leg. When he got to the top of the boot, he let his hand linger. He traced the outside of my pussy, teasing me. I wanted to feel his fingers inside of me. I looked down, begging him with my eyes. With his fingers still teasing me, Dean turned to the salesman and said, "We'll take them both," then set my foot down and stood up. "She'll wear the boots out of the store." I just sat there, craving Dean's touch, imagining him fucking me right here in the middle of the mall.
The salesman, also in a daze, snapped back to reality and jumped up, untucking his shirt to try to hide his erection. He walked back behind the register counter and fumbled with the register trying to ring up the purchase. "Um...I gave you a 10-percent discount," he stammered. "I really hope you'll visit again."
"I'm sure we will," Dean answered as he grabbed the second pair of shoes and started walking out of the store. "Are you coming honey?" he asked me with a laugh, mocking the fact that he didn't let me cum. "We still have a few more stores to visit." I stood up, straightened my skirt, and followed Dean out of the store, avoiding the gaze of the salesman, my body still aching for a release.
CHAPTER 5
Dean led me to the other side of the mall to Angela's Boutique, a popular store that was half lingerie and half sexy/slutty bar clothes. There were a few people in the store, but it was still far from being busy. "Find something slutty that you never would have considered wearing before," Dean instructed. "I'll be waiting in the chairs over by the fitting rooms." He turned and walked away.
I wandered the store for a few minutes considering my options. I was still so hot from the shoe store, so at first, almost everything in the store looked appealing. For clothes, I settled on a black, pleated miniskirt and a tight white button up blouse (I could always leave some of the top buttons undone) and a short green cotton dress with a plunging neckline. I finished the outfit in the lingerie section with a black and red shelf bra that gave support but still left my nipples exposed and a black padded lace bra that looked like it would add at least two cup sizes. I grabbed a sheer thong and headed over to the fitting rooms.
I found Dean sitting on a chair waiting patiently, playing on his phone. "Did you find something?" he asked.
I showed him my selections. "You pick which one you want to try one first. I'll be waiting out here," he said before going back to his phone.
I went into the fitting room and disrobed. Green has always been my favorite color, so I opted for the cotton dress and the padded bra. The hem of the dress went halfway down my thigh, which was short enough that if I bent over to pick something up, I would have no choice but to give anybody behind me a clear view of my panties and my ass. Added quite a bit to my already ample breasts. In fact, my boobs looked as if they were going to burst out of the dress. I slipped on the thong and took one last look in the mirror. I smiled. "I still got it," I thought to myself. Full of confidence, I walked out of dressing room as if I were a model strutting on a catwalk.
Dean smiled. "Very sexy," he said approvingly. My heart skipped a beat. I was definitely winning him over. "Unfortunately," he continued, "I told you to dress slutty, not sexy." My heart sank. "You know the agreement. Take it off."
I walked back to the dressing room door and paused before going in, hoping that Dean would give me a reprieve. When he didn't, I reached down and pulled the hem of the dress over my head. I could feel the blood rushing to my face as I became flush with embarrassment from standing outside of a mall changing room in just a bra and sheer thong. Dean smiled and motioned for me to go into the dressing room.
Thankful for not having to strip completely naked, I quickly changed into the shelf bra, miniskirt and blouse, leaving the top four buttons of the blouse open. The bra did a good job of pushing up my breast without actually covering the top half of my breasts, including my nipples. I looked in the mirror and was horrified when I realized that neither the blouse nor the bra provided me with any sort of modesty. I took a deep breath and opened the door to the fitting room. A saw Dean standing at the entrance of the fitting area, blocking anybody else's view that might have been in the store. "Twirl around. Let me see all of you." The lust in his eyes as he said it was all the motivation I needed. I spun around slowly one time so my husband could enjoy my body and I lifted the skirt so he could see my thong. When I was facing him again, I left the skirt up and moved my hand down to my panties and started rubbing myself.
"Would you care to join me in here?" I asked in my "come fuck me" voice. He didn't answer. He just walked up to me and pushed me back into the fitting room, closing and locking the door behind us. He pinned me against the back wall and forced his tongue into my mouth. I reached down and undid his pants, letting out his rock hard erection. I started stroking him with my hand when he pushed my hand away and spun me around so that I was facing the mirror and he was directly behind. I felt his hand move over my wet pussy and play with my clit for a few seconds.
Then, in the mirror, I watched him pull his pants down and thrust his cock into my waiting pussy.
He grabbed my hips and pushed in and out of me with total abandon, like he was an animal that had lost control of himself. I was still worked up from out earlier adventures and came almost immediately. Once I recovered, I reached back and began playing with his balls as he continued to fuck me from behind. I felt his ball tightening, and then, a few seconds later, Dean filled me with his cum right there in the public dressing room.
I clenched my muscles trying to milk every last drop out of him before he withdrew his cock. He pulled me up and gave me a passionate kiss. "Go pay for everything you picked out and let's get out of here," Dean said, still out of breath.
He quickly pulled his pants up and I put my original skirt and blouse back on. We walked out of the dressing room to the stares of several customers standing near the fitting rooms. I made eye contact with each of them and smiled. As I stood as the cash register paying for my purchase, I felt Dean's cum running out of my pussy and down my leg. I quickly finished the transaction and met up with Dean, who was waiting in the main part of the mall.
"Cum is running down my leg," I whispered to him.
"Can we go to the bathroom so I can clean-up?"
"No," he answered as he quickly rubbed his fingers up my thigh wiping up the cum. He held his fingers in front of my mouth, covered in a combination of his cum and my pussy juices. "Lick it clean," he instructed.
I gagged at the thought. Dean stared at me in anticipation. I gagged again as I forced my mouth open and licked his fingers clean. I quickly swallowed him cum, but was left with the salty taste of his cum mixed with my juices. My face clearly gave away the fact that I didn't enjoy the taste. Dean looked at me and laughed. "You better get used to it. There's going to more where that came from."
I gave him a fake smile, but then, he surprised me. "I love you," he said. My heart skipped a beat. Since my mistake, I had longed to hear those words, and I basked in their glory for a moment. "You've been amazing today and you've lived up to all of your promises." I smiled even bigger. "But, remember that our deal is for 3 days and if you don't live up to your promise, I'm still gone." I shook my head in acknowledgement. "I'm going to give you a break for the rest of the day. I'm going home now and will let you finish the shopping trip on your own. I trust that you won't disappoint me in your selection of clothes."
"Of course not," I assured him.
"Good. Also, tomorrow I want you to come up with something on your own to excite me and to please me. Understood?"
"Yes," I answered. Dean then gave me $500 and the number to a local cab company and disappeared into the crowd of the mall.
To be continued...