My girlfriend Grace and I (both 19) from a small town, had been together for a few years at this point and we were very much drawn to each other. She is a 5'1 blonde with a slim figure, an amazing bubble butt and perky B cup tits!
We decided to go on a date about an hour away from our home town. We both decided that we would try our luck going to a few breweries and praying they wouldn't ID us. I picked her up from her house and we headed out as it was starting to get dark outside.
We arrived to a cute spot that had a lot of people hanging out. We decided to go inside and try to order some drinks. To our dismay we were asked for our licenses. We were upset and pretended like we left them at home to hopefully fool the bartender, but it obviously did not work. So we decided to leave and try our luck somewhere else, until we were stopped.
On the way out of the door, a tall, muscular man stopped us and told us he had heard us try to order. He laughed and said he used to have the same problems when he was younger and told us he would get us what we would like. Me and Grace smiled at each other and told him what we wanted. He responded "Wait outside for me and I will bring them to you". We told him thanks and decided to grab a seat at a picnic table outside that was close to a big fire pit. I sat across from her so I was the closest to the fire. I just thought the guy was cool, but I did not consider any ulterior motives.
About 10 minutes went by when I saw the man walk outside with a tray of about 10 drinks. I expected him to drop some off to different people but to my surprise he put them all on the table in front of us. "I figured you guys were thirsty and I didn't want to make multiple trips to the bar, so I grabbed you guys a lot of what you wanted." I was shocked, I did not expect to be drinking this much tonight. "Oh my god, thank you!" Grace said with surprise in her voice to this man who smiled back at her.
"Thank you dude, how much do we owe you for all this?" I was worried because I figured it was going to be expensive. "Ah don't worry about it! You guys are young, it's on me!" Grace lit up and told him thank you. He smiled again and asked "Mind if I join you guys?" Me and Grace looked at each other and both nodded. "Not at all!" she said, and he sat beside her.
He introduced himself as Chris when he sat down. He asked us where we were from and other small talk questions as we had our drinks. He was about 40 years old with a muscular body along with tatted arms. He had a nice trimmed beard and short hair. After a while the drinks were starting to buzz me and Grace and we were feeling good. It was at this point, he started to ask different kinds of questions than he previously was.
Grace had a few more drinks than I did, and she was clearly drunk. She was smiling more and more at this man and started to laugh at almost everything he said. I began to feel a tinge of jealousy by the attention he was getting. At this point Chris was asking Grace about details of our intimate life. I was buzzed enough to find it kind of funny and Grace looked at me for approval, so I gave her a soft nod.
"We were each other's firsts, our sex is great when it happens, but we don't live with each other yet so we don't get to have it as often as we'd like." He laughed at this and said he understood and could've related that to his younger years. "I can see why he is attracted to you, you are gorgeous." He was looking at her intensely. I felt weird at this point, he was hitting on my girlfriend in front of me, and she was enjoying it but it was cute how she responded to his questions.
She blushed and thanked him. He asked her what kinds of things she liked during sex - not what we liked. She blushed even harder and told him that we were pretty tame because we were still new to sex, that we had only had it a handful of times. He smiled at her and looked over at me. "You guys are such a nice couple! How about some shots for you guys?" He asked both of us. I got nervous because I was already pretty buzzed and would need to drive home soon but before I could say anything Grace said "Sure!"
He went to grab some shots and I got a few minutes alone with Grace. I asked if she was okay with this guy she then smiled and said yes. She was obviously drunk but admitted he was nice and didn't mind the company.
He soon came back with 7 shots. I was very nervous at this point. He proposed a toast to young love and we all took a shot. He said we should take one more each and I grew concerned. Of course they both did before I could say anything so I took one more shot. At this point my face was very hot and I was dizzy. The crowd noise began to blend together.
It was at this point his hand was laid on Grace's leg. She was wearing a cute sundress that came up to about mid thigh when she was standing. I saw him plane his hand there and look at her eyes. Her face got serious, and she looked liked she'd let him do anything in that moment. I saw the way she looked at him and it made me uncomfortable, but I also noticed I was rock hard in my pants.
I had never been so confused in a singular moment. I decided at that point it may best to try to leave. "Hey babe, it's getting kinda late, I think we should try to get an Uber to take us home." She frowned when I said this and Chris looked at us both with a smirk. "I could take you guys back to my place for tonight since you guys are too drunk to drive back home, I have more drinks you guys can have also." Grace lit up and immediately told him yes. I did not know what to do besides follow Grace, who had Chris's hand on her back as she walked in front of me.
Me and her sat in the backseat on the way to his house. I whispered to her that this was a bit much but she assured me everything was okay and she was having a lot of fun. We soon arrived at his place. It was a huge house with a lot of land. He opened the car door for us and took her hand then placed his hand on my shoulder as he escorted us to his front door.
As we walked in he showed us to the living room and we sat down. He said he would make us some drinks and walked away. I still felt weird about being in a strangers house drunk with my girlfriend who seemed attracted to him.
I got up to find a bathroom, and when I returned I found Chris sitting next to Grace on the couch. Chris was sipping on a drink with one hand rested on her inner thigh. When I saw them two, something clicked in my brain and I got harder than I had ever been. I awkwardly shuffled to the couch beside Grace.
I could tell Grace was trying to disguise her deep breaths from him, she was obviously very turned on. Chris saw right through her and decided it was time to make his play. "Grace, why don't you kiss him and let me see how good of a kisser you are with him." Chris said this with a smirk on his face. I was happy to finally get something from her tonight and she agreed. She leaned in for a kiss that indicated she was very horny.
My eyes were closed while kissing her, but I felt a hand grab mine. It was Chris, he took it and placed it on her other thigh. Grace immediately gasped when it was placed there. I started to instinctively move my hand up her thigh and under her dress. The only problem was that my hand was met with his hand. He had beaten me to her pussy, and he was rubbing it over top of her tiny panties. My dick felt so full of cum and I started to leak precum in my pants.
"Oh my god" Grace whispered gently as I could tell Chris was moving her panties to the side in order to feel her bare pussy. She was moving her hips up and down to try to get a better feel for his fingers.
Grace reached down to get a feel for Chris, and was met with a giant bulge in his pants. Her eyes widened and she said "oh my god you're huge." This made Chris go in for a passionate kiss as she pulled away from me.
She shifted her whole body away from me and I did not know what to do all of the sudden. Chris had her wrapped around his finger and he knew it. I could hear his fingers slide in and out of her pussy as she continued rubbing his dick through his jeans.
Finally I saw Grace lift her hips up so he could remove her panties. He immediately dropped her dress to her ankles also and threw it across the room. She was now completely naked on this stranger's couch, and my cock was begging to be touched.
Grace looked back at Chris after having her clothes removed and began to undo his belt. She fumbled in a rush to get him exposed. She pulled down his pants and boxers, shocked when his dick sprung out. It was probably around 9 inches and was very thick. She gasped when she saw it and smiled with lust.
At this point she must've remembered me. She turned back towards me and got me out of my pants. My dick was twitching non stop and I felt like the slightest touch was going to make me cum. "Is this okay?" She whispered to me as she pulled down my pants. I was so horny but so confused at the same time. Before I could say anything, Chris put his right hand on her shoulder and pressed her down into my lap. She had her ass in the air on the couch. I saw Chris put his face into her pussy, he was now eating her out.
She let out a loud moan and immediately shouted "Oh my god!" She took in a long deep breath and screamed in pleasure. He made her cum in about 20 seconds. I could not believe what was happening. My sweet girlfriend was now being slutted out by a much older man, and I loved it. After she grabbed my dick and started stroking it, she started to suck me and take me all the way with her mouth. She was able to do this for about 10 seconds before Chris reached over her back, grabbed her neck and pulled her back into her Chest. His arms were huge and she was so small compared to him.
He made her get on her knees on the floor while he sat with his legs spread on the couch. He took all of her hair in one hand and guided her lips down his shaft. She got about halfway down his dick before she stopped. She was not used to this size. "Did I say to stop?" He grunted. He lifted his hips and pushed her head down simultaneously. She slowly began to take more and more of him into her mouth. Tears were coming out her her eyes and her mascara along with it. "That's it baby, do what daddy tells you to." My dick was on fire and I let out the most powerful orgasm I ever had into my hands and on my chest. I could not hold it back at the moment.
He smirked at me and said "look at him, he couldn't even make it in time to fuck you. You need a real man." I was very red. He then grabbed her hair harder and guided her up and down his shaft faster than before, you could hear her choking on it while she covered it with her spit.
After a few minutes of this facefuck, without letting go of her hair, he pulled her up until she was standing up. He replaced her on all fours on the couch like he did previously. "You're going to take me now, and he's not going to move." She was his toy, her face was pleading with anticipation. He rubbed his dick on her lips teasingly, then he pushed into her while he grabbed her hips. She screamed. She immediately started to violently shake her hips. "I'M CUMMING!" She shouted out 3 times. He continued pumping into her tight little pussy until he was all the way in balls deep. There was no way I would've ever been able to stretch her out the way he did.
She was in a state of bliss. She had super raspy breaths, her eyes were rolled into the back of her head. Even if she wanted to, it was impossible for her to speak. He took slow strokes in and out of her. She was having a long continuous orgasm. She let out a cry from pure ecstasy. My dick immediately got rock hard again, and I reached for her hand.
He saw this and grabbed her by the neck again. "No. He only gets to watch."
"Yes D-d-addy." She groaned.
He was now violently thrusting in and out of her. Her pussy was being pounded so hard in front of me while he smacked her cute round ass over and over.
He picked up his thrusts as fast as he possibly could for almost 5 minutes and all you could hear is the loud sounds of her getting FUCKED. The entire time Grace was repeatedly screaming that she was cumming and for him to not stop. She must've came over 10 times.
Chris kept saying "you're such a good girl, he doesn't deserved you. Only I can fuck you like this, you're mine now." He pulled her hair and leaned into her ear. "I'm gonna cum in your pussy baby, get ready." She was begging for it at this point. Chris took long deep strokes until he shoved himself into her as far as he could and let out rope after rope of his cum into her pussy. She was shaking and screaming "oh fuck daddy" at the same time.
After a few minutes of everyone breathing, without a word, he picked her up and carried her out of the room. I heard a shower click on and I knew they were in there together. I was forced to listen to them fuck in the shower for the next 15 minutes. This sounded like it was just as intense as before. The whole time I masturbated and came 2 times while she was being claimed.
After their shower he gave her one of his shirts to sleep in and offered us one of his guest rooms. We decided to call it a night, I kissed her goodnight and cuddled until we fell asleep.