Dana gets invited to a second sex party. She invites Zoe, Randy, and Bobby to join her. She and Randy have a difficult but necessary conversation. The party is slow to start, but Tito gives Dana what she needs to make it a lot better. But that's only the start.
CHAPTER FORTY-SIX
Saturday morning meant time to hit the gym. Dana stopped by her room long enough to collect her gym bag. Zoe and Bobby were both still asleep in Zoe's bed, no doubt exhausted by fucking all night. Zoe woke just long enough to catch Dana's eye, smile and wave a few fingers at her before drifting off again. Dana closed the door quietly behind her and headed out.
She wasn't looking forward to her workout this morning. She was short on sleep herself. But she knew herself well enough not to give herself an excuse to slack off. It would be too easy to get in the habit of finding excuses not to go. Dana enjoyed the results of her strength training--she liked getting stronger and she knew she looked better--but it was hard fucking work.
Her workout wasn't as unpleasant as Dana expected. She felt tired, stiff and weak at first, but by the time she'd completed the warm-up sets for her squats she felt better. She set a new personal record on it. But that was the high point: she improved her bench press slightly, but struggled to complete her dead lifts. It took everything she had to drag the barbell up her thighs for the final rep.
But she did it. She completed the workout.
She felt victorious. And virtuous. Virtuous, victorious, and sweaty. A quick shower and she could go back to her room and fall into bed to catch up on her sleep. She had the weekend ahead of her to rest, and study a little, and get ready for another week of classes. There was just a little over a month left in the term before finals.
* * *
A little over a week later Dana was playing in the weekly game session in Kevin and Eric's dorm room. She lounged on Kevin's bed next to Leanne, Eric and Nick were on Eric's bed. Kevin was, as usual sitting at his desk facing them all. Dana had made an effort to be more reliable about being there the last few weeks, and she was glad she had. She was enjoying the game.
"Okay, Dana, Lucinda is in the Governor's study. He's pouring drinks from a crystal decanter. 'I'm pleased that you've come to your senses, Lucinda,' he said. 'Things will go more smoothly now that you've accepted your situation.'
"What do you do?" Kevin asked.
"I smile at the Governor, and toy with my necklace. It's my focus object for spell-casting. I cast a First Magnitude spell to bind him motionless and silent."
Kevin nodded. "That's five Arcane Power. How are you doing it?"
Dana glanced at her notes, then counted on her fingers. "I have my focus, but that doesn't reduce the cost. I can see him, I have the letter he wrote me in my pocket, and I chant a few lines in Latin to cast the spell. That should reduce the cost to the minimum of two Power."
"Let's see your roll," Kevin said.
Dana rolled her dice and studied the results. "I rolled a ten."
Kevin nodded again. "Okay." He rolled his own dice. "The Governor fails his saving throw. He suddenly stands motionless, eyes wide. He tries to shout for the guard, but he can't speak. His eyes widen in shock and dawning horror as he realizes you've cast a spell on him. What now?"
Dana sat up now. "I saunter over to stand in front of the Governor. 'It really doesn't do to underestimate me, Governor,' I say to him. 'It was a serious mistake, and you'll be lucky if it isn't your last.' I'll lock the door to his office if--"
"It's already locked," Kevin said. "The Governor didn't want any interruptions."
"Okay, then I open the window for Eric's character and then start rifling through the desk."
Kevin grinned and turned his attention to Eric. "What are you doing?"
"I've been waiting in the shadows below the window," Eric said. "When I see the window open, I glance around to make sure nobody is watching, and then climb up and into the window."
"None of the guards are in sight at the moment."
"Okay, with my modifiers, I got a thirteen on my dice."
"More than enough," Kevin said. "You climb up quickly and now you're in the Governor's office with Lucinda. Now what?"
Eric glanced at Dana. "The safe is supposed to be behind the large painting, right?" Dana nodded. "I move the painting and start working on the lock."
"Okay, back to you two," Kevin said to Leanne and Nick.
Dana's phone buzzed in her pocket. She pulled it out to see an incoming call from Tito Mendoza. He was the stocky Hispanic man who'd hosted the sex party she'd attended a month ago with James. He'd taken her number but this was the first time she'd heard from him.
"Sorry, guys, I have to take this call," Dana said. She put her gaming materials aside, stood and walked out into the hallway, closing the door behind her. Was he calling to invite her to another party? She hoped so.
She accepted the call. "Hello?"
"This is Tito Mendoza. Am I speaking to Dana Smith?" He sounded more formal than she'd expected.
"That's me," Dana replied. "Why wouldn't it be?"
"Hey darlin'," Tito said, his tone much more flirtatious now. "You never know. You might have given me a fake phone number. It's been known to happen."
"Really?" She'd given her number to several people, hoping for a repeat of the party immediately. But there had been no contact with any of them until now.
"Sometimes. I didn't figure that was the case with you, but better safe than sorry."
"You didn't, huh?" Dana asked.
"I saw you at the party, doll," Tito said, as if that explained it. "You took to it like a duck to water."
Dana paused for a moment. "Yeah," she said. "I guess I did."
"So I think you can guess why I'm calling."
"You're having another party?" Dana hoped so. She'd had an amazing time at the last one, and expected the next one to be even more fun. She wouldn't be so nervous.
"I am. This Friday, the tenth. You up for it?"
"You know it," Dana said with enthusiasm. Yes!
"Great," Tito said. "I'll text you the details when I have them. Got any questions, sexy?"
"Can I--can I invite other people?"
"Who'd you have in mind?" Tito asked.
"My roommate, and our boyfriends."
"And they're all the sort who'd appreciate this sort of party?"
"Definitely. My roommate, Zoe, is responsible for making me the woman I am today," Dana said, entirely truthfully.
"Really?" Tito sounded intrigued. "I look forward to meeting her. Sure, bring 'em along."
"Thanks."
"I'd love to talk more, but I have more calls to make," Tito said.
Dana glanced at the door to Kevin and Eric's room. "Yeah, I'm kinda in the middle of something myself. I'll let you go. See you Friday night."
"Goodnight, sexy. See you soon." Tito ended the call.
Dana stood in the hall for a minute wondering about the coming party. How many of the people she'd met before would be there? Who else would she meet? What would it be like to see Zoe, Randy and Bobby at the party? Who might they have sex with? She was aroused now, just thinking about it. She'd seen them all having sex together, but never with anyone else.
She pushed the thoughts aside. She'd talk to Zoe tonight when she got back to their room. Right now, Lucinda Blackletter and her allies had a daring plan to rob the colonial Governor and force him to do their bidding. If he lived. He'd seen Lucinda using black magic. His life depended on his cooperation.
Dana entered the room grinning, partly from her enjoyment of the game, partly from anticipation of the party. "I'm back. What did I miss?"
* * *
Zoe was lounging on her bed watching something on her laptop when Dana got back her room. She paused the video and greeted Dana. "How was the game?"
Dana grinned. "It was great. We crashed the Governor's ball and robbed his office. Made off with lots of gold and some very valuable papers."
Zoe returned the grin. "Did he survive it?"
Dana clucked her tongue. "Of course he did. How can you ask me that?"
"I've heard enough about Lucinda's adventures," Zoe said, closing her laptop, "to know that he might have had an unfortunate accident."
"Well, I did consider it," Dana admitted. She walked over and sat down on her own bed. "But we left him alive so he can spread the story of our daring attack."
They caught up for a couple of minutes more before Dana asked, "You got any plans for Friday night?"
"Nothing special. Why?"
"I got a call from Tito. You remember, I told you he's the guy who threw the sex party last month."
"And he's planning one Friday?"
"Yup."
"And I'm invited?" Zoe asked. She'd never met Tito, after all.
"I'm invited," Dana clarified, "and I asked if I could bring friends. Tito said I could. So," she added with a lecherous grin, "you wanna go to an orgy?"
Zoe's expression mirrored hers. "Yes, please. Are Bobby and Randy invited?"
"I haven't asked them yet," Dana said, "but of course they are."
"I'm sure they'll jump at the chance."
"You think?" Dana asked cheerfully.
They did, in fact, jump at the chance. Dana and Zoe called their respective boyfriends and invited them to the party, and both accepted eagerly. Dana made a date to see Randy tomorrow night and then hung up.
"Should be fun," Dana said, referring to the party.
"Better than a poke in the eye with a sharp stick. Isn't that what your dad says?"
Dana laughed.
* * *
"Hey, Dana."
Dana put a bookmark in her copy ofOn Stranger Tidesand put it aside. It was a pirates and voodoo novel by Tim Powers. Kevin had recommended it after the game and she'd found a copy in a used book store, saying that it had influenced the game he was running. She was enjoying it, and could see what he meant.
She sat on Randy's bed, naked, leaning back against a pillow. Randy, also naked, was sprawled with his head in her lap looking at his phone. He'd fucked her very thoroughly a while ago and they were killing time until the mood struck again.
"Yeah?" she asked. "Are you ready to go again?"
Randy grinned up at her. "Yeah, actually. But that's not it."
"Okay, what then?"
Randy put his phone down and sat up, turning to face Dana. "You know how I usually see June on Friday nights?" It had become a standing date. It always ended back in Randy's room for sex; that was the whole point at first, but they'd been doing more typical date night things as well lately. They attended games when one was on offer at the stadium. Otherwise, dinner, movies, parties.
"Yeah?" Dana replied, feeling a little anxious. Was he going to back out? And how did she feel about that?
"I told June about the party," Randy said.
"Uh huh," Dana said, going still outwardly as well as inwardly. Her stomach knotted and her hands felt cold all of a sudden. Was he getting serious about June? Was he about to say he couldn't go to the party? Was he going tobreak up with her?
"She wanted me to ask you if she could come to the party."
So caught up in her sudden fears was she, that it took a moment for Dana to process his words. The relief she felt was immediate, and enormous. She laughed, mostly from the release of tension. "She did?"
Randy nodded, though his eyes narrowed a little. He hadn't missed her reaction. He didn't comment on it. "Yeah. She's curious, and wants to try it, if that's okay."
"Uhmm, sure," Dana said. "I don't see why not." She'd asked about bringing friends and Tito had agreed. She'd mentioned Zoe, and boyfriends, but one more shouldn't be a problem. "I'll check with Tito to be sure, but I think it'll be fine."
"Great," Randy said. "I'll let her know," he added, meeting her gaze for a long moment. "What was that reaction about?"
Dana's gaze slid away. "What? I don't...what do you mean?" Even as she felt herself slip into old habits of deflection and denial, Dana knew she couldn't do that. Shouldn't do it. She had learned better since starting college. She deserved better.Randydeserved better.
Randy drew breath to speak, but she held up a hand. "I know," she said. She drew a deep breath and let it out. "I...just had this sudden fear that you were going to tell me you couldn't go because June didn't want you to. Or...that you were gonna break up with me."
Randy stared for a moment, and Dana felt very small. "Why would you...." He shifted abruptly closer to Dana, and pulled her into a hug and just held her for a minute, until Dana wrapped her arms around him. When he spoke again, it was over her shoulder, without looking at her. "Why would you think that?" he asked quietly.
"I don't know," she said, just as quietly, holding him tightly. "I know how that sounds, but I really don't. I was just suddenly afraid you were gonna break up with me. It's stupid, but that's how I felt."
Randy released his hold on her, and Dana did likewise. He pulled back until he could see her face again, still holding her hands in his. "That's not going to happen," he told her. "You know that, right? Youshouldknow that."
Dana nodded, feeling her face warm. "Yeah, I do. Usually." She'd grown quite a bit in the last year or so, but sometimes her old responses caught her by surprise. She felt...inadequate, or not sufficiently lovable, or attractive, or just notenough.
"Are you regretting suggesting that I see June?" Randy asked.
Dana took a minute to answer. Did she? No, not really, she concluded. It had been her idea, after all, and she didn't object to Randy sleeping with June. It would be pretty damn silly to feel that way. She had several other lovers, so it would be hypocritical, too, if she'd resented his relationship with June.
"No," she said finally.
"Good," Randy said. He paused, and Dana sensed that he was about to tell her something that he wasn't sure she'd like. "I like June, and I don't want to stop seeing her."
"Okay," Dana replied. She knew that Randy and June both were into sports--both playing and watching them. They attended local games when they were happening, and sometimes watched games on television as well. And they'd been going on more traditional dates lately as well.
"We have things in common that you and I don't," Randy added.
Dana nodded. "I know."
Her relationship with Randy had begun with sex, and in some ways was still only--or at least mostly--about sex. They shared very few other interests. Their tastes in reading didn't overlap much, nor in movies or television shows. He had no interest in role-playing games, and Dana had none in sports. Even when they were together, when they weren't fucking, they tended to read or surf the net on their phones, companionably but separately.
Oh, but the sex! Randy was by far her favorite lover. She had more sex with him than with anyone else, and she liked it that way. She loved the thrill of bedding new lovers, whether only once or repeatedly, and didn't want to give that up. But she always came back to Randy, and didn't want that to change.
Telling him that was difficult. It would have been impossible for her when she'd started college in September. Revealing herself, admitting to her feelings, and exposing the vulnerability she felt in doing so, would have been unthinkable. It was still uncomfortable, but she managed it with a minimum of awkward pauses to put her feelings into words.
"Glad to hear it," Randy said when she was. He'd listened silently, attentively, hold her hands all the while. Now he leaned forward and kissed her again. "I like you a lot, too, Dana," he added.
"And I love having sex with you, and I don't want to stop either. So we're good, right?"
Dana smiled. "Yeah, I think so."
"Good," Randy said. He stretched out on the bed and pulled Dana down beside him. "C'mere, you," he said. When she was lying on her side, her head on his shoulder, he kissed her again. His free hand rested on her waist.
It was a long, thorough kiss, and followed by more of the same, and kisses to her cheek, the side of her neck, and gentle nibbling of her earlobe. It had the expected effect, and Dana responded eagerly.
When her hand slid down his chest and over his flat belly, he caught her hand in his. "Not yet," he whispered. "I just want to kiss you for a bit."
Dana went along with it, her hand resting on his stomach as she kissed him back. They continued kissing for several minutes. It was very pleasant, but not their typical routine. Which, she realized slowly, was the point.
How long had it been she'd just made out with someone? Just enjoyed a lengthy session of kissing and gentle caresses, without moving immediately on to foreplay, and then sex? It had been a long time. Not since some of her dates with Mike back in high school, before their unremarkable experiments with sex.
She'd forgotten how much fun it could be to just...enjoy the sensations, to revel in the feel of his mouth and lips on hers, on her neck and earlobes, and of doing the same to him. No hurry, no end goal other than enjoying the kisses, no agenda to pursue. It was relaxing and reassuring in way she hadn't expected it to be, and it made her feel closer to Randy.
The sex that followed, when it happened, was also slower and less goal-oriented, with a slower build than was typical for them. The pleasure ramped up more slowly--Dana took her time and Randy did the same--and the slow burn paid off in exquisite orgasms that left her clinging to Randy, her cheek pressed to his, crying. She couldn't have said why she was crying: she wasn't unhappy, in fact, she felt so full of happiness that she thought she'd burst.
She'd never had this reaction before. She wondered what it meant.
CHAPTER FORTY-SEVEN
The party took place at the same hotel as the first one Dana had attended. She, Zoe, Randy, Bobby, and June all arrived together in June's SUV. Her parents' SUV, she'd clarified when she picked them up, as if embarrassed to be driving it.
"Hey, a car's a car," Dana had replied, earning a nod from June.
Dana felt much better prepared for this party than she had the first time. She wore a wrap-around dress that she could easily remove, over lacy underwear. She had a flat of water bottles as her contribution to the potluck, and a gym bag slung over her shoulder, containing towels, clothing, lube, condoms--just in case--and a small bullet vibrator and a dildo. Again, just in case.
Guided by Dana's advice, the others were similarly outfitted.
"Oh god, I'm nervous," June confessed as they were gathering their stuff from the rear hatch.
"You'll be fine," Dana said. June was wearing a classic little black dress that hugged her figure and, combined with her black hair, pale skin and red lipstick, would have the guys at the party drooling. "You'll have to beat the guys off with sticks."
"I don't think I'd enjoy being beaten off with a stick," Bobby quipped as he gathered his bag and Zoe's. He was wearing slacks and a dress shirt, though he'd proudly announced that he had some "slutwear" in his bag for later.
"ignore him," Zoe told June. "I admit I'm a little nervous, too," she said.
"You don't look it," June said, giving Zoe an appraising look. "You look hot."
Zoe did look hot. She was wearing a classic schoolgirl outfit. A white blouse with a loosely-knotted tie, a plaid skirt, and knee-high socks. It was sexy but not slutty because it was real: her own uniform from a private school she'd attended.
"Thanks," Zoe said and winked at June. "But the fact remains, I'm a little nervous about this party. It's a new experience for me."
She looked pointedly at Dana. "You're the only one here who's done this before, roomie. We're following your lead. So lead on."
Dana glanced at Randy, the most casually dressed in jeans and a polo shirt that showed off his broad chest. Despite his calm demeanor, Dana knew him well enough to know that he was a little nervous too. Well, she'd been very anxious before her first party.
"Okay, let's go, then, kids," Dana announced.
* * *
Tito opened the door at Dana's knock. He pretended to be shocked by the crowd he discovered, then pulled Dana into a hug. "Welcome back, Dana," he said. "Glad to see we didn't scare you off!"
"Not hardly," Dana mumbled from within his bearlike grasp. He was Hispanic, with dark hair and van dyke beard, and a burly build, wearing a blue and yellow Hawaiian shirt and baggy shorts.
He released her and looked around at her friends. "Come on in!"
Inside the room, Dana introduced all her friends to Tito and the other guests. There were only half a dozen, Tito and his wife Katherine included, so Dana's group nearly doubled the size of the crowd. Katherine, a short but stacked Latina, wore only a slip over white bra and panties. Dana recognized a hulking black man from the previous party, though she didn't remember his name until Tito introduced him. Earl. His name was Earl. The other three guests were strangers to her: a couple named Dawn and Eddie, and a friend of Earl's named Gary. All were dressed as for a regular party.
After adding their offerings to those already laid out on the credenza, Dana and company joined the others in the conversation circle of chairs at the rear of the room. The queen bed in the room remained unoccupied. The doors to the rooms on either side stood open, revealing unoccupied rooms each containing two queen beds.
Dana began to think that she'd made a mistake. At the previous party, James and Dana hadn't arrived until nearly 10 pm, though the party was supposed to start at seven. It was after eight now, and Dana had thought that was enough of a late arrival. She was clearly wrong.
The next hour crawled by.
Zoe and Bobby made conversation easily, as did June, to Dana's surprise. Randy flirted with Katherine and another woman named Dawn and talked sports with everyone. Dana did her best, but small talk had never been her forte. She spent a lot of time just listening to conversations and wishing she'd pushed for a later arrival time.
Every time someone knocked at the door, Dana hoped for a familiar face or faces. And she got them. Tom and Helen, who'd eased her into the first party with a sensual massage arrived, as did Joan, the slender gray-haired woman she'd met before. Dana greeted them effusively, hoping to be rescued from the excruciating small talk.
Alas, while pleased to see her again, they too joined the conversation circle, eating and drinking and talking with everyone else. More people arrived, none of them familiar to Dana, until the central room was crowded. And still nobody showed any inclination to kick things off.
Eventually Joan excused herself to the bathroom.
When she returned, she was naked. She walked up to Earl and offered her hand. "Come with me," she said. Not so much a request as a command.
Earl grinned and stood, taking her hand.
Joan turned to their host. "It's time to get this party started, Tito," she said. She pointed at Dana. "Now take this young woman to bed before she runs screaming out of the room."
Dana sat up, shocked by Joan's bold demand, her face flaming as everyone looked at her. "What?" Joan wasn't wrong, but had it been obvious to everyone?"
"I know you," Joan said to Dana with a kind smile. "More to the point, I know how you feel. I feel the same way. I'm just too old to wait any longer."
With that, she led Earl away from the circle and into one of the adjoining rooms.
Tito exchanged a look with Katherine, grinning in amusement, and then approached Dana. "Shall we?" he asked, extending both hands.
Dana watched everyone watching her. It was a little embarrassing, being called out by Joan like that, but she wasn't wrong. Dana's mood had been deflating as the interminable small talk dragged on. Now the prospect of sex perked her up.
She grinned at Tito and if she were still blushing, well, so what? "We shall," she agreed, taking his hands and standing. She'd barely reached her feet when Tito released her hands to crouch and wrap his arms around her thighs and lift!
Dana shrieked in surprise as Tito lifted her onto his shoulder in a fireman's carry. She'd barely settled there when she felt one of his hands slip under the hem of her dress to caress her ass through the lacy panties she wore.
The room spun as Tito turned, calling, "Make a hole! Coming through!" and moved carefully out of the circle of chairs to laughter, carrying Dana into the next room.
Joan's announcement seemed to have galvanized the crowd. Several of them were eyeing their fellow guests with interest, or sat with their heads together, holding a private conversation. She caught a glimpse of Tito's wife, Katherine, leaning close to Randy, one hand touching his chest as she spoke quietly into his ear. Then she was through the doorway and her view was cut off. The thought of seeing Randy with Katherine excited Dana.
Tito marched over to one of the beds and dumped Dana onto her back.
She stifled another shriek, as she'd been expecting that. Tito shucked off his shorts, leaving him bare below the waist, and hastily unbuttoned his Hawaiian shirt. A glance to Dana's left revealed Joan kneeling by the other bed, her hands busy with Earl's belt and jeans zipper as he peeled off his t-shirt.
Tito grabbed Dana's ankles and dragged her ass closer to the edge of the bed, which left her dress bunched around her waist, exposing her lacy panties.
"Ooh, very cute," Tito growled, kneeling between her legs. Dana felt him caress her thighs for a moment before she felt his beard and lips high on her inner thighs and then pressed to her vulva through the sheer lace. She heard him draw a deep breath, and felt both excited and just slightly anxious about her scent.
Tito made a satisfied noise and began to kiss and lick her through the lace, which was a novel sensation. Dana usually got naked as soon as possible when sex was about to happen; she preferred it that way. But she'd seen that lingerie was commonly worn at these parties, so she'd decided to give it a try.
She felt a finger slip under the edge of her panties and play with her pubic hair for a moment, then gently caress her labia. She sighed, enjoying Tito's touch. Her excitement upon arriving had long since faded, but it was making a comeback now. Dana spread her legs a little in silent invitation.
Tito responded by tugging the material to one side and leaning in to press his lips against hers for a moment. The chaste kiss--if a kiss on her pussy could be called chaste--promised a lot more.
"Oh that's nice," Dana said.
She felt herself growing wetter, her labia swelling and spreading, the inner lips flowering. Tito responded with more aggressive kisses, using his lips and now his tongue as well to caress her more boldly, and to explore more deeply.
Dana turned her head to check on Joan and Earl. Joan knelt on a pillow, worshiping Earl's huge cock with her mouth and both hands. Earl stood with his hands on her head, his own head thrown back, eyes closed. As Dana watched, Joan engulfed the huge head of his cock and swallowed half his length.
"Oh fuck! Oh fuck!" Earl said is a surprisingly high voice, 'Goddamn, woman!"
Dana saw Joan's lips curve a little though she couldn't really smile with that huge cock filling her mouth. She wrapped one hand around the base of it and began to fondle Earl's balls with the other as she deepthroated him.
It was fucking hot to see Joan handle him that way.
Dana focused on her own experience again now. The spark of desire, fanned to life by Tito's skillful efforts, was greatly enhanced by watching Joan with Earl, grew brighter. She felt the aching emptiness growing between her legs, a desire--a need, really, a hunger--to be filled up, to be fucked long and hard.
She felt warm all over, and abruptly tugged at the ties of her dress, spreading it open, pulling her arms free until she lay on top of it. Her nipples were hard beneath the thin lace of the bra, and she drew her fingertips across them, shivering at the added sensation.
Tito's tongue moved steadily, caressing her labia and flickering over her clitoris. God, that felt good. Dana squirmed, wanting him to go deeper. As if reading her mind, Tito caressed her with a fingertip for a moment, before easing it inside her. "Oh yeah...." Dana crooned.
She felt Tito shift his posture a little, and felt one arm come to rest on her thigh as he placed that hand on her pubis, fingers brushing her pubic hair. The finger inside her stroked deeper and faster, lubricated by her juices, stoking the tension building within her. After a minute, a second finger joined the first, stretching her delightfully.
Tito's tongue never stopped moving, though now it was focused on her clit. Dana groaned and her hands found Tito's head. His hair was short, the crown of his head bald. She struggled with the desire to grab his hair and bury his face between her legs.
He knew what he was doing, though, so she didn't want to interrupt him. The tension was rising rapidly now, radiating outward from her center, tightening her abs and her thighs.
Tito turned his hand palm up, his fingers thrusting hard and fast now. His fingers curled upward, firmly stroking Dana's g-spot with every stroke. His tongue danced over her clit. Dana quivered as the tension rose to unbearable heights--and then higher still.
She cried out and shuddered involuntarily, overwhelmed by ecstasy, riding it for some timeless interval, until the tide of pleasure receded. Tito's tongue on her clitoris, his fingers filling her up, massaging her g-spot, suddenly were too much. She squirmed, trying to escape them--but Tito had stopped licking her, his fingers were still, the weight of his arm and the hand on her belly holding her in place.
Dana relaxed, gasping for breath, her pulse thudding in her ears.
Tito chuckled, the sound low and satisfied. "Just take a minute, doll," he told her. "I'm not done with you yet."
"Oh god," Dana muttered. "That was very nice. Can I do something for you?" It seemed only polite.
"Eventually," Tito said. "But I'm having too much fun right here. Just relax and let old Tito give you what you need."
"If you insist," Dana replied, but so softly Tito probably didn't hear it.
She felt his tongue on her vulva again, a gentle touch, followed by another, and then another as he resumed licking her. No longer feeling overly sensitive, Dana sighed and relaxed into the pleasure he gave her. His tongue moved more quickly, more firmly now. The pleasure built, and Dana felt the tension rising within her again. Tito began moving his fingers again, the slippery friction as they pistoned inside her adding to the rising tide.
Dana pressed her hands into the mattress at her sides, drawing deep, noisy breaths, moments away from another orgasm. The tension radiating from her center drew her whole body taut--and then she cried out, again, as she came, again. She quivered helplessly until the rush of pleasure ebbed.
Tito backed off, easing the intensity of his efforts--but didn't stop.
"Ohhhh fuck," Dana muttered. Tito knew exactly what he was doing. She remained powerfully aroused after her orgasm, flushed and trembling with the desire to come again, needing only another little push.
Tito gave her that push, and Dana screamed and thrashed and came again, and then again and again....
Dana lay gasping for breath, bonelessly relaxed. She opened her eyes to find Tito standing at the end of the bed grinning devilishly at her. Behind him, she spotted Randy and June standing in the open doorway, watching her.
Randy was grinning at her as well, thoroughly enjoying the sight. June stood with Randy's arm around her waist, her eyes wide. She was hugging herself, clearly anxious, perhaps about being at the party, perhaps about watching something so intimate. Dana smiled at her and raised a weary arm to wiggle her fingers in greeting.
Tito's hand on her thigh drew Dana's attention back to him.
She knew what he wanted, and she was eager to give it to him. She squirmed farther up the bed, taking the opportunity to grab her discarded dress from beneath her and toss it out of the way.
Tito knelt on the bed between her legs and lowered himself on his arms to kiss her. His black beard was soaked with her juices. Dana could smell herself on him--and taste herself when he kissed her. She cradled the back of his head and kissed him back with enthusiasm.
She loved the taste and smell of her own arousal, and it was the least she could do to kiss him after he'd given her such pleasure.
"Thank you," she said.
"My pleasure, beautiful," Tito said, his voice deep and full of desire.
"So, are you gonna fuck me now, or what?" Dana asked.
Tito pushed himself silently back up to his knees. He was holding a condom packet in one hand. He tore it open and rolled it onto his hard cock. He inched forward, grabbed Dana's legs and raised them to rest her calves on his shoulders, and then pulled her panties aside to press the blunt head of his cock between Dana's pussy lips and slide into her.
Dana moaned at the sensation as Tito said, "Fuck you, definitely."
Tito's cock was barely average in length, but thick, and hard as a rock. It was more than enough to satisfy her. "Ohhh yeah," Tito said, eyes closed, as he fucked Dana slowly.
Dana's arousal had receded a bit, though still above her baseline. She would come on Tito's cock, but not right away. She heard a liquid choking sound and looked over at Joan and Earl.
Joan was still on her knees, but her hands were on Earl's hips now. His hands were wrapped around her head as he drove his full length repeatedly between her lips. Joan took it all with a gulping sound on every stroke. She was drooling, and there weretearson her cheeks.
It looked unpleasant to Dana, if not downright painful. She sure as hell wouldn't enjoy that. But as she watched, Joan leaned back, Earl's cock popping free. She wrapped a hand around it and stroked his full length briskly. She took a deep breath or two, coughed once, and grinned at Earl, and then eagerly swallowed his cock again.
Dana turned away. Different strokes for different folks.
Randy and June had approached to stand by the bed. Randy looked horny as hell, and his eyes gleamed as he admired Dana's body. "Having fun, babe?"
"You know it," Dana replied.
She shifted her gaze to June, who was watching avidly with wide eyes. Aroused, Dana was certain, but also still uncomfortable witnessing public sex. She remembered the feelings well. She'd gotten past them eventually, and wondered if June would.
"Enjoying the party?" she asked June.
"Uh," June said, and Dana suspected she'd been lost in her imagination for a moment. "Yeah," June said. "It's...interesting?"
"Yeah?" Dana asked. Tito continued to fuck her, his pace a bit faster now, adding to Dana's arousal. Talking to June helped too: it excited Dana to have someone witness her wanton behavior, and to have a casual conversation while she got fucked. It was just hot as hell to Dana.
"Yeah," June said, and paused, clearly embarrassed. Dana wasn't sure she'd continue, but then June added, "I've heard, uh,this--" she gestured vaguely at Dana--"a lot from the next room. But I neversawit before."
"She's a noisy little thing, ain't she?" Tito agreed, fucking Dana steadily as he spoke.
"Y-yeah," June agreed. Her gaze shifted to Tito, then down to where his cock was steadily appearing and disappearing between Dana's legs. Just for a moment, then she looked at Randy again, and whispered something to him. He nodded.
He said something to Tito, but Dana didn't hear it. Her attention turned inward as the pleasure she felt began to pool in her center, filling her up, lifting her toward the explosive climax she wanted and needed. Tito responded to Randy, though his words too were lost to Dana.
Even as he talked to Randy, though, Tito tightened his hold on Dana's thighs, pulling her slightly closer, lifting her hips just a little. Dana whimpered, her thighs and belly trembling, her whole being focused on the one thing she needed and wanted now more than anything in the world: for Tito to keep doingexactlywhat he was doing.
He didn't let her down.
Dana's orgasm left her shaken and gasping, her own cries of ecstasy ringing in her ears.
Tito kept thrusting through the whole thing, pausing only when she slumped again, feeling all her strength run out of her. Whether he stopped to let her recover, or so he didn't come too soon, Dana didn't know and didn't care. She laughed, giddy and joyful. When Tito patted one leg and quietly suggested she turn on her side, she happily obliged.
Straddling one of her legs, the other still resting on his shoulder, Tito began fucking Dana again. It took even less time for Dana come again. Tito had Dana roll onto her belly, and penetrated her from behind, his weight spread between her ass and his elbows and as he loomed over her.
Someone placed a pillow in front of Dana.
"You're getting awful loud, sexy," he whispered into her ear. "We're gonna get the manager called on us. Just yell into the pillow this time, okay?"
Dana nodded mutely, and wearily pulled the pillow into place, resting her head on it, facing the wall. It wasn't long before she screamed into the pillow. And then once again, kneeling with her ass in the air, face buried in the pillow as Tito's hands clasped her buttocks with bruising strength. He buried himself in her, rocking his hips, trying to get deeper still, roaring as he reached the end of his endurance, his cock pulsing inside Dana.
* * *
By the time Dana had showered, dried off and dressed again, the main room was full of newcomers, and the buzz of conversation was quite loud. Plenty of food, from meat and cheese deli platters to fried chicken, as well as plenty of snack foods, candy and other sweets covered the credenza. Water, sodas, beer and even some wine was also available.
Dana grabbed a can of soda from the mini-fridge and filled a small bowl with a few pretzels and some M&Ms. She had no desire to eat or drink a lot; a full stomach wasn't conducive to lots of sex. She seemed to be in the minority on that opinion. Plenty of people were taking full advantage of the offerings.
She found an empty chair in the conversation circle and looked around.
Randy wasn't there. She remembered seeing Katherine talking to him when Tito had carried her into a bedroom. She'd thought Randy would play with Katherine, but he'd showed up with June to watch her with Tito. She'd been too drunk with pleasure to find that surprising at the time. Now she wondered if he'd turned Katherine down. Or was he with Katherine now?
No--Katherine was pouring herself a glass of wine not far away. She'd swapped her white slip and underwear for a thin silk robe, and the fringes of her hair were damp. She'd obviously just showered, so she'd played with someone. But apparently not Randy.
Neither Zoe nor Bobby were in sight. Well, no surprise there. They were both very attractive and outgoing people. No doubt they had found playmates and were busy elsewhere. That left June, who was also nowhere to be seen. Was she with Randy?
Dana saw several men paying attention to a gorgeous Asian woman in Daisy Dukes and a knit tube top that emphasized her large bust. Vivian Wu, Keith Harrison's girlfriend. She didn't see him, so he was probably playing. Vivian was clearly enjoying being the center of attention, and in no hurry to choose a playmate.
When she'd finished her snack, Dana walked into the connecting room she hadn't visited yet.
The lights were off. The only illumination came from the behind Dana, casting her shadow on the floor, and from the open bathroom door, leaving the room quite dark. Clearly the people in this room were shyer than many, and preferred the relative anonymity of the darkness. Dana could just make out two couples on the nearer bed, engaged in foreplay.
Dana could see the silhouettes of three people around the farther bed. Two of the figures were standing very close, kissing and caressing one another. The third was leaning down caressing someone on the bed. Dana suddenly realized she was watching Tom give someone a massage, just as he'd done for Dana at the last party.
She was tempted to move closer to see if she recognized the woman, but didn't. The people in that room didn't want spectators. The lack of light was proof enough of that. Dana turned and stepped back into the main room, blinking in the bright light.
Dana crossed the main room and glanced into the other playroom. It was empty. She looked around, but all the chairs were occupied now, leaving her nowhere to sit. She stood in the open doorway sipping the last of her soda, studying the crowd. Ages varied from about Dana's age to some old enough to be her parents--or possibly even her grandparents. A few were completely dressed, but the rest wore lingerie, underwear, towels, or nothing at all. The noise level crept up at everyone tried to be heard over everyone else.
Her gaze kept returning to one young man. He was tall, with short dark hair. He wore a pair of colorful boxers and a short-sleeved shirt, unbuttoned. Something about him really turned her on. He had the sleek form and smooth musculature that Dana associated with swimmers, but it wasn't just that. When he smiled, his face lit up--not that he wasn't already very handsome. That wasn't it, either. Or not entirely. He just...looked smoking hot.
He glanced at Dana, and she looked away, not wanting to be caught staring.
When she looked back, his gaze turned back to her for a moment. Dana looked away again. She wanted to approach him. She wanted to ask him to play, but the fear of being turned down loomed in her imagination. She remembered being told that even at a sex party it could be intimidating to ask someone to play. It was true. They might say no. It was so much easier to be asked.
Dana glanced over again. He had his head tilted back, draining the last of the bottle of water he held. He lowered the bottle and his eyes shifted again. He smiled at her before turning to say something to the man next to him. God, he was hot. Dana almost--but not quite--took a step in his direction.
Instead, she finished her own drink and turned to toss the empty can into a waste basket.
"Hi," someone said at her shoulder.
Dana started, and looked up to see the hot guy standing beside her.
"Sorry," he said, "I didn't mean to startle you." He tossed his own empty into the basket as well. He smiled at her, and his gaze dropped for just a moment to take in the sheer lace bra Dana wore, and the sarong wrapped around her hips. Both were sheer enough to hide very little. "Nice outfit," he said. "I like it. It looks good on you."
"Thanks," Dana said.
He swayed toward her as someone slipped past behind him. He glanced at the guy for a moment, before turning to Dana again. "It's standing room only in here, isn't it?"
Dana nodded. Recovering her voice, she added, "It is."
Now his gaze shifted over her shoulder. "Not in there, though," he said.
Dana turned to follow his gaze, though she knew very well that he was looking at the empty beds in the empty room. "Looks empty."
He inched forward so they were standing side by side and looked at Dana again. "We'd have the room to ourselves."
"I guess we would," Dana agreed, voice level, though inwardly she was squeeing over his obvious interest.
He swept a palm toward the empty room. "Shall we?" he asked, as his other hand settled gently on the small of her back. As if sparked by his touch, Dana's libido, only simmering a moment ago, roared to life. She desperately wanted to feel his hands all over her body, wanted to taste his mouth, and to feel him inside her.
"Yes," she said, her heart pounding.
* * *
As always, thanks for reading. You have a vast number of options here, so if you've taken the time to read my story, I appreciate it. I enjoy getting feedback, it's more tangible evidence that people are reading my story than simple view counts. If you have a comment, question, or suggestion, I'd love to hear it.