After the Academy Awards, Kitty I realized we had missed most of the Oscar candidate movies and wanted to catch up while they were still in the theaters. We went to see an action-adventure movie at the local theater -- an afternoon mid-week matinee. At the food counter, instead of the large plain popcorn we usually shared, Kitty had ordered her own small popcorn. At the popcorn kiosk off to the side, she dispensed a disgusting amount of toxic-yellow "butter" into the popcorn -- the popcorn was wet and soggy by the time she'd finished. Curiously, she failed to sprinkle on any of her trademark too-much salt.
The popcorn tub sat in the flat cardboard carrier as she poured the butter from the tap, and absent-mindedly continued dispensing onto a pile of napkins that she'd piled in the tray next to the popcorn container. Instead of discarding them, she left them in the cardboard box, which had a spreading oil stain. Whatever. She put some clean napkins in one of the tray's cup holders, then walked toward the darkened theater.
We arrived slightly late, just before the previews ended, and the sparse matinee audience was already in place. We let our eyes adjust to the dim light, and saw that, not surprisingly, there were only a handful of people in the room, mostly in the front and center of the theater. We sat in the back in the comfy double loveseats, a half-dozen rows behind the nearest couple.
The movie was good and I had my left arm around Kitty's shoulders. She held a handful of soggy popcorn in her right hand and nibbled a few bites out of it. She rested the back of her hand lightly on my thigh, apparently not wanting to get a big grease stain on my sweatpants. I could smell the popcorn grease on her breath and see it shine on her slick palm and fingers.
After just a few bites, Kitty got tired of her popcorn and emptied it into the cardboard tray. The man ahead of us turned to look back at the sound. I quietly asked Kitty if she wanted to use one of my napkins to dry off her greasy hand, because most of her napkins had been saturated with buttery oil and were no help. She simply shrugged.
I looked toward the movie. I put my arm back around her and she snuggled close, placing her shiny right hand again palm-side up on my left thigh. Odd. A few minutes later, she leaned over and picked up the grease-soaked napkins from her tray, clearly avoiding eye contact with me. That's Kitty's "tell." When she is strenuously avoiding eye contact, something's up -- and it's usually something pretty good. For a "nice girl," Kitty has a developed a secretly slutty wild side, from which and I have benefited on numerous occasions. I got a twinge in the pit of my stomach at the thought. She seemed to be breathing more heavily than usual, and squirmed in her seat a bit. My cock twitched in my loose sweat pants, swelling into an obvious little tent.
The soggy napkins had made her hands even oilier, and she dropped them back into the tray. Glancing quickly around, she pulled my elastic waistband out with her left hand and reached her slick, buttery hand right hand deeply inside, gently squeezing and pinching my cock and cupping my balls. Anxious to give her some help, I pulled down the elastic front to just below my balls and set my hard cock free, which happily bobbed back and forth. The elastic waistband provided full access to everything important, but still allowed for immediate re-coverage if it became necessary.
Fluid gathered at the tip and she wiped it off with her left index finger, then traced it across her lips, getting them moist. She leaned over and kissed me briefly, and I could taste the butter and pre-cum. My cock pulsed firmly in her hand as she clenched her warm wet fist around me.
After a few minutes of tickling and light stroking, she glanced around the theater, bent over, and took my entire cock in her mouth, circling it with her tongue and bobbing her head up and down. My left hand rubbed her hair, as my head rolled back onto the seatback and my eyes closed involuntarily. God, she could suck a cock like a $1000 whore. I didn't want to miss a bit of the action, so I opened my eyes and pulled her hair away from her face so I could watch her full lips slide up and down over my glistening cock, and her sunken cheeks creating that fabulous suction. My hips involuntarily rose off the seat to meet her attention. I could feel her tongue whipping my cock back and forth inside her wet mouth, and watched intently as her butter-slick hand slide up and down my pole. With her blowing me that expertly, just ten feet behind a couple strangers, I could have cum right then. But, knowing Kitty, there was more in store. So I held back and enjoyed the sensation.
She only sucked me for a minute to two -- having her head bobbing conspicuously behind the seats was a bit too obvious for her, and she sat up and licked her lips. Saliva and buttery oil glistened from her nose to chin.
Then she leaned over again and picked up the pile of greasy napkins then, smiling, wiped them slowly up and down my throbbing cock, making it even more slick and shiny in the movie light. The oil was cool but felt good and my already-hard cock twitched in her hand. Then she leaned over again, picking up the greasy popcorn container. She looked inside and poured the yellow puddle at the bottom into her palm, then rubbed her hands together to spread the oil thoroughly around both hands. The odor of the popcorn oil was strong. My cock pulsated at the thought. A couple was enjoying the movie just a few rows ahead of us, oblivious to the action just behind them.
While steadily watching the movie, she slowly rubbed oil on my throbbing cock.
Up and down.
Up and down.
Up and down.
I shifted in my seat to pull my sweatpants down a little farther, giving her greater access to my balls, which she lubed thoroughly and squeezed gently, pulling slightly at the wrinkled skin.
All the while, Kitty stared straight ahead at the movie, enjoying the effect she was having on me and the proximity of the oblivious strangers. All the action was occurring below the seatback, so if they'd turned at a suddenly noise, nothing would have appeared out of the ordinary. The movie track was pretty loud anyway. An action movie -- good choice.
She was shifting in her seat as well; I could tell she was very horny. I placed my left hand gently onto her thigh and squeezed. I began tracing circles on the inside of her right thigh in gradually widening patterns, getting closer and closer. I worked my way up and under her knee-length skirt and she squirmed and slid forward in the seat to allow my hand better access. She wanted it. She needed it. I could feel her heat as I neared her panties. I got closer... closer... then felt not cotton panties, but instead, her wet, swollen lips.
Surprised, I looked over and saw her smile at her plan -- while staring straight ahead at the film. I slid the hem of her skirt up her thigh to her waist. In the glow of the movie light, I could see that her pubic hair had recently been close shaven and was shiny -- her pussy lips were dark pink and full. She was obviously hot and horny.
I traced my fingers up her wet pussy lips wriggling them up and back, back and forth, pulling on her slippery lips, and rubbing up and down, swirling my wet finger around her firm clit and pinching it gently. At the sensation she narrowed her eyes and relaxed her greasy grip on my cock. She writhed in her seat, and slid her hips farther forward, raising up to meet my hand. Now, with greater access, I inserted two fingers deep inside her, making her gasp involuntarily. The man ahead of us swiveled his head, and locked eyes briefly with Kitty. Seeing nothing unusual, he went back to the movie. He couldn't know that when he was making eye contact with Kitty, she had my stiff cock in her buttery fist and my two fingers buried deeply inside of her hot, wet cunt. The thought of it got Kitty even hotter -- and squirm ever more fervently in her seat.
Then with the side of her foot, she pushed aside the popcorn detritus. Silently standing up, she moved in front of me like she was intending to slide across me to leave. Instead, she sat down firmly, her hand guiding my hard oily cock buried deeply inside of her and grinding her hips in a slow circle. We both involuntarily shuddered at the wonderful feeling and started rotating our hips, mashing ourselves against each other, as the movie continued.
In an emergency she could have simply stood up -- which would have neatly re-draped her skirt over her, while the elastic waistband would pop my cock back inside. But, of course, it would not be necessary. Anyone glancing back would have seen an affectionate wife sitting on her husband's lap, and not the hard cock buried deeply inside of her.
After just a few thrusts, we both built ourselves up -- due to the excitement and urgency. Our bodies trembled and convulsed, and we both came hard, as we drenched each other with our respective juices. I could feel her wetness soaking my crotch and sweatpants.
When the trembling stopped, she quickly slid off of me, as I reached down for some dry napkins we could use to clean up. Breathing hard, she whispered in my ear, "you owe me a silver popcorn charm."
We continued to watch the movie, finding that we had lost a chunk in the middle. No matter. We could rent it later.
As we left the theater, I said, "You didn't put salt on your popcorn." She smiled and said, "Too gritty."