I'm extremely grateful to Katy Reznicek who edited my story and made it readable.
*****
I'm convinced that rationality and irrationality work in tandem in every Homo sapiens. No wonder communism is something that never appealed to me despite its tall claims of being scientific. Dad and his comrades are stuck in the cold war era, but the world has changed considerably. My torrid affair with Bhushan made me realize that there was not much of a difference between Dad and his comrades ranting on communism and Bhushan's irrational superstitious beliefs. For Bhushan, every fuck was a divine duty, and for Dad and his comrades, communist manifesto was a divine revelation. My affair with Bhushan is described in my previous story (Ann Takes advantage of superstitious Bhushan). My name is Annapurna. You guys can call me Ann.
Bhushan remained my fuck buddy for the months of November and December. For two months there wasn't a single day that we never fucked. He fucked me in all corners of the apartment and every secret corner around the building. In those cold winters my curvaceous thirty-year-old body provided the warmth to this 20-year-old youth. In return his stamina and youthful exuberance gave me immense pleasure and satisfaction: something I'd been missing since I left the airhostess job. After winter, the frequency of our encounters dipped considerably. Then came the tipping point. Last week we had our last session. Bhushan was leaving the city for good to his hometown in Madhya Pradesh. Maybe this would be the last time we would see each other. He fucked me the last time, and we parted for good. The roughly six month affair came to an end, which also marked the end of pleasant winters, and the beginning of a new season- the sultry hot Indian summer.
In India, as you move further south it gets hot, hotter, and hottest. The month of May would be the hottest. The forecast were already out through news and weather reports, it would be a terrible ordeal. It's going be a burning summer. Unfortunately, to our dismay, the first week of May turned out to be horrifying. It was hot and humid. The water and minerals would drain from the bodies. It was sweaty and humid. Plenty of deaths have already occurred in the city due to heat wave. Mostly the poor destitute homeless bear the brunt.
My routine was set. My job in HR in MNC has made my life quite uncomplicated. It is completely different from the mad world of the airline industry. Age was never a concern. I have hit 30, but my curvaceous body was still in demand. Several desperate youths in this country would still desire me.
One afternoon in the sweltering afternoon heat I was returning home on my moped. I was cursing the day when I changed my shift timings from early morning 7:00 to 3:00 in the afternoon. The heat was unbearable and the traffic jams added to my woes. I kept dodging the erratic traffic, and kept my nerve among the huge state-run buses, which make zig- zag turns, sometimes diagonal. They are the ones who set the pattern of the ongoing traffic and positioning of small vehicles. Only a brief halt at the crossroad junction gave some relief. The small shade that covered half the road due to the flyover under construction provided some relief.
Meanwhile my mind started wandering. I kept thinking of the incident when I teased Jamal and accidentally exposed myself naked. Then the entire episode of how I persuaded Bhushan to sleep with me. My body was sweating. I was wearing a normal Kurta Pajama. The deodorant that I poured on my body this morning must have evaporated. But my mind kept wandering over the kinky stuff I did in the past.
I felt nostalgic about my airhostess days. I've been to several beaches around the world. Nude and semi nude ones, topless, clothing optional in countries like Australia, Denmark, France, and Italy. It was exciting and always liberating to walk around naked. Taking a naked dip in the ocean was like achieving nirvana. It was divine. Every step that I took naked was electrifying, extremely liberating and sensual. It was exhilarating to see naked folks around in different sizes and shapes and color - every possible age groups, size of penises, testicles, breasts, thighs vaginas - there was no shame. It was only nudism. Naked females held a different meaning there when compared to the Indian mind back home.
Suddenly the signal turned green and the deafening honking of horns from the huge buses snapped me out of my reveries. The signal was short, and everyone wanted to quickly move away from the busy cross road. I reached home in the next few minutes. The house was deserted, except for a few travel bags scattered around in the living room. I was too exhausted to bother about it and went to get a drink. Once my thirst was quenched I went to my bedroom threw all the stuff on my bed and went to the washroom to splash some water on my face. I then stripped naked and took a quick shower. Since I was alone, I didn't bother to bolt the doors of the bedroom and attached bathroom. I came out naked; it didn't take much time for my body to dry in this hot temperature. I stood in front of the mirror, watching myself. I do this most of the time, never shaking this narcissistic habit. I felt secure in the privacy of my room, surrounded by inanimate objects, watching my round boobs, all the curves, and my unshaved hairy pussy, which has been battered on numerous occasions. I bend low to pick up the towel and dry my hair.
Suddenly I heard footsteps. Maybe someone was out there. I wrapped my body with the small towel, which barely covered me, but at least hid the forbidden region. Then I quietly moved towards the door, and what I saw was appalling. I was stunned for a few seconds. There was a teenager, probably around 19, standing unabashed outside my bedroom door. There was not even a hint of shame or guilt on his face. He stood there, unmoving for a few more seconds. He kept watching my tightly wrapped towel, which exposed my generous hips and my round boobs. I held the towel tightly, but it was too small. It slipped and betrayed me. I stood there, naked and frightened. I tried to cover my breasts, but couldn't do much with the exposed hairy pussy. Slowly he turned his head as if it was a favor to me, and walked towards the living room. Shameless creep! I picked the towel, covered myself and closed the bedroom door.
There was a creaking sound outside. It was dad with some guests.
I had my privacy at last, but my mind kept replaying the last 45 minutes. I started to wonder if he was watching every movement of mine from the minute I stepped inside the apartment. This pervert was spying on me. Even though I was speculating, the way he was looking at me was indecorous. I decided to watch his every move, but still needed an answer to the big question: Who is this chap? Maybe he's one of the guests, the youngest of them, or someone's kid.
I took my own sweet time to come out, this time decently dressed in a white Salwar Kameez. The two guests were looking at me. There was a lady in her mid 40's sitting beside an elderly middle age man whom I presume to be her husband. They greeted me Namaste. Dad got up and gave a magnanimous introduction about me, giving my entire work profile, professional experiences and education qualification. Thank goodness he didn't touch anything about my marital status. Then the introduction of the couples started. The man was Kailash, his old time school classmate, lives in Delhi, the capital city. Kailash owns a famous bookshop. His charming graceful wife Veena works as a full time volunteer in a spiritual organization belonging to a famous guru. She's also a yoga instructor and looked in great shape. I would be proud if I could maintain a figure like her in my 40's. Then started the disgraceful and utterly embarrassing introduction of their son Vikas. How condescending, that this supposedly decent couple is accompanied with a peeping tom who happens to be their son. Vikas is a Mathematics student in Delhi University.
I quietly went to my room after the introductions. My privacy was dear to me, even though a perverted guest had already invaded it. In a few hours we had our dinner. The family would be staying with us for a week, but most of their time would be spent in the ashram situated somewhere in the outskirts. The purpose of their visit was to conduct some spiritual and Meditation sessions in Hyderabad chapter.
Once the dinner was over, the sleeping arrangements were decided for everyone. Dad and his friend would sleep in the living room on the mattresses. Mother and son would occupy dad's room. It was a simple arrangement and I was happy that my privacy would remain undisturbed.
I don't remember when I went to my room and dozed off. It was around 10 PM. It was a tiring hot day, which drained me completely. I slept like log. Around 4 AM when I woke up I saw glimmering light coming from the left side of the room. My bedroom door was open. Most important I was sleeping in French cut panties and bra-less white crop top, which stopped way above my belly button. When I woke up fully I realized that my legs were spread, and the glimmering light came from the attached bathroom. I got up to get a drink and quickly realized that I left my bedroom door open. I hastily moved towards the bathroom to bolt the door. The bathroom door was slightly open. What I saw through the little gap was astonishing. My jaw dropped - it was Vikas masturbating, his big cock directed towards the sink. He was masturbating furiously. In a few seconds he had an orgasm - he was convulsing and his eyes were closed. His dick spewed loads of cum in the sink. He squeezed the last drop until his dick turned limp. He opened the tap and drained the remaining cum and washed himself off.
Meanwhile I stood outside. This time I didn't bother to cover myself. There was nothing left to hide from him. There was no doubt that he was all excited to watch me naked yesterday, and this time it was a just as exciting to see me in just panties and a top. So far he had seen every inch and every curve of my body. It would be permanently imprinted in his psyche for the rest of life.
I was petrified and waited for him to come out. He came out winking his eyes. My face was little sleepy and my eyes were adjusting to the full glare of the bathroom light. He was scared and in a frightened tone said, "Oh Sorry"; immediately closed the door and rushed to the next room. I kept quiet, because I had no plan for this situation.
I splashed some water on my face and hands, and then I tried to reason out. If I thought about it objectively, it was my fault. I was the one who assumed that the apartment was deserted, and then left the room door unlocked not just once but twice. Now if I tried to confront him it would be nothing short of stupidity. I would make an ass of myself.
I took a small nap and got up at 7 am. No one was around; the house was empty. Maybe everyone left to the ashram. Most of the spiritual discourses start early morning. I got ready and left to work. It was the same routine at work. The temperature rose higher when compared to yesterday. It was hotter and humid.
I returned home tired and exhausted, daydreaming and dodging the same erratic traffic and narrow lanes. This time I saw a laptop on the dining table. It might belong to our guests. The laptop was on, so I opened it. There was a small chit on the keyboard, some strange alphanumeric phrase. Bingo! It was the password. Veena had a bad memory and was technologically illiterate. The wifi was on. The laptop belonged to her son Vikas, but Veena used it sometimes. I carefully typed the password and logged in. He didn't sign out of his Facebook account. There were few messages from a 45-year-old blond women living in USA. Maybe he liked older women. I started reading their chat history. In the beginning it was all about sex, as expected. She was a chain-smoking divorcee living alone. Except the smoking part, the online teasing was similar to mine. This woman had even shared some nude pictures of herself. Then there was some serious conversation between them. They shared some intimate secrets, their desires, fantasies and frustrations. It became more philosophical. I was surprised to see two people spending hours on Facebook. The relationship was intriguing. It wasn't just titillation; there was some substance to it. They were lonely and needed each other badly. It seemed they were soul mates with a good age difference.
Despite the difference of almost 25 years, the conversation was smooth. On the contrary, I was surprised to read the comments from Vikas. He seemed mature and intellectual for a 19 year old. His, sharp wit was incredible. The knowledge and sagacity shown by this 19-year-old youth was stupendous. The rhetoric and flow of words was amazing. He was a geek, and for a moment the masturbation incident seemed trivial. Even though I had a glimpse of his perverted side, he was more than a pervert. In the conversation I came to know his deep interest in Mathematics, logic and philosophy. He talked about the strained relationship with his mother, a traditional control freak who tried to force her spiritual beliefs down his throat.
Then came the most intriguing part. He told her about me. He was embarrassed and couldn't sleep last night after getting caught masturbating. Poor fellow was expecting a backlash; even an arrest. I couldn't help but laugh. He was still scared. He masturbated because the entire day went on chatting with his 45 year old charming friend from USA. She not only stripped but also fingered her pussy and masturbated for him. Once that session was over it was my accidental exposure. He in fact came to my room to use the bathroom and masturbate for all the stripping and kinky stuff he saw. But here again he saw, in person, a nearly naked woman 12 years older than him. That surely made him horny. He needed some relief due to all the nudity he saw throughout the day. The only mistake was the choice of bathroom. Unfortunately he couldn't use Dad's bathroom because the taps sometimes don't work. This teenage,r loaded with testosterone, couldn't help it. Biology and libido wouldn't allow him to withstand such titillation without relief. He tried to use my bathroom, and ended up getting caught. Still, his activities made me suspicious.
After knowing the truth I decided to be his savior. Everything that happened so far was due to misunderstanding and I was ready to let go of it. I logged into my Facebook account and sent him a friend request. I also left a small note stating, "if you want to save yourself, visit me at my room around midnight tonight. Not obliging will result in dire consequences". I deliberately wanted to intimidate him. This would be fun. I knew he would log on to his laptop later tonight.
In the night when Dad arrived I was delighted to see Kailash and Vikas, my toy boy tonight. Veena preferred to stay in the ashram. This was good news, meaning less restriction and disturbance. The old men would sleep and Vikas could easily sneak into my room. The next day was a weekend so I didn't have to worry about getting up early.
It was time to re-ignite my passion with someone younger than me by a decade. The dinner was over and I waited for him until midnight. But he didn't turn up. I was disappointed, even skeptical if he really checked his Facebook account. I thought the blackmailing would work. The entire plan would fail if he doesn't respond. I opened my laptop and signed into my Facebook account, and delighted to see his message. He was on his smart phone. He was jittery and frightened to enter the room, and fear of consequences worried him. He apologized a dozen times and begged for forgiveness. This boosted ego. I felt empowered and in control of the situation.
I threatened him with various consequences if he doesn't turn up in the next 10 minutes. His life would be jeopardized and the ignominy that he would bring to his family would remain forever. I was wearing blue spotted maxi dress - nothing special to impress him. My hair was disheveled. It wasn't a date after all. I don't strain to impress young men in their teens. The age gap never gets in my way.
I was eager to welcome this young Mathematician, to see how he would respond to my curvaceous, voluptuous body. Having read his chat history with the older woman, I knew he possessed passion along with cold logic. He knew the nuances of flirting and also had strong preference for matured women. This would be a different ball game. He would be on defense and at my mercy. In this game I had the upper hand.
A couple of minutes later I heard someone tapping on the door. I knew it was him and I flung the door open. He was standing there looking frightened. He seemed perplexed, and reluctantly entered the room. I bolted the door and told him to sit. He did so, nervously leaning forward sitting on the edge.
I sat opposite to him on the bed, looking here and there, to baffle him even more. Finally I looked him in the eyes and asked, "Why were you spying on me?"
The uneasiness on his face was evident, he was a normal Indian boy born from an upper middle class family from a metropolitan city. This was new for him. He kept mumbling and then must have said sorry three to four times. I asked him the same question in a stern tone.
He replied, "The door was open and I mistakenly assumed that no one was in and thought that I was all alone, and when I saw you I couldn't move ".
WOW! I never expected such a reply from this timid boy. I wondered if I should take it as a compliment or maybe an innocent, honest confession. I never expected that he would make any attempt to reply. But he did prove me somewhat wrong.
My second question followed: "Why stay in the same place despite even though I was nude?"
Now he had no other choice but to accept his guilt. There was no escape route.
Vikas was dumbstruck; he gave a melting look and started looking at the floor, avoiding eye contact. I scolded and repeated the question two more times, but the incessant probing made no difference. He preferred silence. I wondered if this silence should be construed as guilt.
I got up and walked towards the light. The transparency of my maxi was increased tenfold. My underwear and breasts were once again visible, the nipple showed through the material. This lit up his eyes. I felt comfortable and didn't try to cover myself. I knew he was stealing glances at me. Even though he was scared, he still wanted to catch a glimpse of my nakedness.
The haunting silence continued. However, it wasn't all boring; I was providing enough titillation that I with my dress. I gave him strict order this time to come up with an explanation, and went to the bathroom to change.
In a few minutes I came out in a black string bikini panty and black tank top, which stopped slightly above my belly button, my panty fully exposed. I'd removed the hair around the bikini line this afternoon. I came out and confidently stood close to him. He was shocked, confused, baffled. I looked down at his crotch and was impressed to see the bulge. His hands were trembling. Perhaps this virtual lover boy has not experienced a real woman.
I loved his confused face, and I knew that probing on the same question would be a waste of time. I thought I was being to overbearing, but I loved this mind game. There was nothing to hide from him. My slutty side was on display. I knew he was taking in my semi-nude body. He was savoring the flat tummy and the fleshy hips. His eyes checking out my curves, he was enjoying the show. He just couldn't muster enough courage to make a move.
Poor chap was confused and sweating, even though the fan was on full speed. I asked him in a low slow voice, "Am I hotter than the weather, or am I too hot to handle?" I know it was brazen, but that brought a smile to his face. I bent low to pick up my water bottle, which displayed my cleavage; my ass cheeks were blatantly visible. I took a drink and then offered him some. This would cool his nerves.
He gasped once finished. I then asked him a direct question. Which hot lady he was fantasizing about while masturbating yesterday?
Vikas started to blush. I smiled at him and said in a jovial tone, "You naughty boy spying at me and using my bathroom to masturbate, do I have no right to know your fantasy women?"
This made him nervous. He started giving some random names of Bollywood actress and hot models. One of them was porn star Sunny Leon. I knew he was lying. It was better to bring him back to reality. I wonder why he would dodge this question. Even what is happening right now is nothing short of fantasy, watching a curvaceous woman in underwear must be a dream come true.
I then moved little back and said, "So you are saying that after watching a mature woman masturbate online, followed by an accidental exposure where you get to see my entire naked body, you still fantasized about those actresses? I read your chat history, don't mind, sweet revenge."
He sheepishly replied "yes".
I removed my tank top and my boobs bounced a little. I was virtually naked with only my black string panty on.
"Now what do you say my young mathematician?"
He was startled, and started blinking; maybe his rational mind couldn't comprehend.
"Wow", he said. "Unbelievable."
I slowly moved towards him. The bulge below was now prominent. His cock must be rock hard by now. And the tease was on. I then moved back and pretended as if I was retiring to bed, then told him, "its okay if you find those super models and actresses sexier, even though you have a snow ball's chance to catch a glimpse of them in real life. The odds of dating them would be almost nonexistent. I hope you enjoyed the show; I'm going to sleep. Good night."
He stammered and mumbled, "wa-wa-wa-wait". I quickly turned back and smiled at the look of shock on his face. Things had gotten to the point of no return. I'd provided enough titillation and teasing, he was horny and helpless.
"So what more do you want?" I asked in a sultry voice. I glanced down his body. His cock twitched and throbbed.
"I think you need to shag darling, look at how desperately your cock wants to be released. I hope you find my teasing hot enough for a wonderful masturbation session. This time you can use my bathroom".
In that very moment he confessed he'd been fantasizing about me constantly while shagging since yesterday. This was flattering indeed.
I gave a little smile and said, "so you have the hots for me you rascal. I appreciate that you've finally confessed, and here is your gift".
I removed my panties and slid them down slowly. He was mesmerized to see me in nothing. My hairy pussy was exposed. My shapely body was on display. Let me see what this upper middle class young mathematician can do. I could see sweat around his forehead.
I sat on the bed spreading my legs fully; my intimate sensitive parts were now fully visible, my pussy completely exposed.
He gave a nervous smile and asked, "Mind if I sit beside you?"
I was thrilled and nodded my head in excitement. I switched on the air-cooler, and the cool air passed over my naked body. There was no respite from heat, even at midnight.
Vikas finally got up the nerve and cupped one of my breasts. This surprised me I said in an irritating tone, "Hey you naughty boy". He immediately moved his hand back. This was confusing for the poor chap. I smiled which baffled him even more.
He had no clue about my next move. I was deliberately being unpredictable. And this tease was making me horny. I was excited. He then started caressing me softly on my hips, slowly moving his fingers towards my curvy regions and flat tummy. I closed my eyes and allowed him to continue this time. The tingling sensation and the pleasant cool air made me quiver. His hands reached my breasts and started teasing my nipples, which turned taut. He slowly leaned his face towards me; I could feel those tiny soft facial hairs touching my shoulder. I turned my head and placed my arm around him, and pulled him towards me. We started kissing each other. The kiss was long and full of passion. Our hands roamed each other's bodies. Heat couldn't deter the growing passion and excitement.
We pulled apart. Vikas quickly pulled off his shirt. I was delighted to see his smooth fair body. Vikas started kissing my neck and shoulder and slowly moved towards the nipples. He took my nipple into his mouth and sucked them one by one. I moved my right leg and placed it on his hips. I could feel his erection through his shorts. I was wet and horny. The kissing became vigorous and he moved toward my belly button and my pussy. In the throes of passion he threw the pillows from the bed. There was no tolerance for any obstacles.
I lay on the bed, legs spread and pussy aching. I was ready for anything he had to offer.
"Here it is, you can put it in", I guided his finger towards the wet opening. He slid his finger inside. I moaned with pleasure. I knew he could feel the wetness. I was ready for a good fuck. He removed the shorts and pulled out his rock hard cock. I slowly guided his cock into my warm wet pussy. Within no time my pussy swallowed his cock, and he started banging me missionary style. Our bodies enveloped and vigorously rubbed each other, the air-cooler made it even more pleasant. However, it turned things slightly humid. He sucked my nipples while fucking me. I wrapped my arms and legs around him and he started pounding me faster. We were sweating, but pleasure superseded the humidity. His endurance was remarkable - youthful exuberance at its best. My body was shaking vigorously and my breasts were bouncing around his chest.
I moaned, "Fuck me hard". His cock was deep in my pussy. I could feel his entire cock throbbing in my cunt. He was young and good-looking making his debut with a veteran like me. He thrust harder and harder, my pussy received much needed battering. This was my time and I wanted to be a complete whore.
I cried and moaned, "Fuck me harder Vikas". He continued to pound my pussy. I was enjoying the rougher sex. The relentless pounding and the hard thrusts made me moan louder. Finally his orgasm approached. He wouldn't last longer.
"Yes! You can shoot the load in my pussy darling I know you are getting closer" I cried.
Then there was a final thrust and loads of cum ejaculated deep inside my pussy. He removed his limp penis and we collapsed on the bed. It was a small bed that could barely accommodate two of us. We lay beside each other, naked, exhausted and sweaty. It was three in the morning. And the poor chap had to go to the ashram to attend the Satsang in 4 hours. Well, he would be sacrificing his dream to attend the Mathematics Olympiad for the sake of his mother's wish.
He slowly left the room. I lay there for some time, then got up, pulled on my maxi dress, then went back to sleep. The heat was unbearable and woke me up at 7 AM. I took a quick shower and got dressed. When I came out, Vikas was delighted. I thought it was because of the previous night fuck. But he was happy because of the text he had received this morning. He asked me about Vishweshwaraya Engineering College, where the Mathematics Olympiad would be held. It was a 10-minute ride from the apartment. Vikas was happy about the fact that the assessment timings had been changed, due to bus strike.
He can now attend the Satsang for his mothers satisfaction and also attend the Olympiad. I had no issued in dropping him to college.
We zoomed towards the college, not much time to spare. I dropped him at the college campus. It was a delightful sight to see plenty of geeks around. It was a national Olympiad held in the city. Vikas had already won the regional Olympiads. A few youngsters turned up to meet Vikas; they were his friends. Well this chap prefers to be surrounded by Geeks. They thought I was his older sister or cousin, and every one greeted me and called me didi (sister). It was funny. I was his slut last night. The exam started within no time. I whispered to him, "Good luck ...See you soon. I hope you had a good time last night with your slut sister". He smiled and rushed towards the classroom.
I reached home in the next 15 minutes. There was dad sitting alone on the sofa. I asked him about Kailash and his wife. He replied, "They will be leaving tonight, some emergency in their family." That was shocking and disappointing. They planned for a week, but had to rush back home. They took their luggage to the ashram and would pick up Vikas from the college once his assessment was over.
I felt disappointed to be deprived of another night with Vikas. We had our dinner and I opened my laptop to log into Facebook. There was a brief note written by Vikas, sent from his mobile phone.
Dear Ann,
If you are reading this note, you know by now that I'm leaving in the next few hours, and we might not meet again. The first thing I'll do is to let you know my result once I'm done with the assessment. It will take a couple of weeks, but I'm least worried about the results. Life has been quite tumultuous for me. No one understands me. Mom & Dad keep fighting on trivial issues. I feel neglected. Their relationship is in crisis. I'm sure you got the hint as to why we are rushing back home. Not even divine intervention can help them. Nothing was going in my favor. Mom wants me to follow her footsteps and achieve nirvana. Dad is forcing me to join his business. I'm not interested in following them. I was impressed with the way your dad has groomed you. You have so much independence and freedom. It makes me jealous. Last night I was depressed and even thought of committing suicide. I was about to take this drastic step. But somehow decided to meet you first. What happened last night changed my life forever. I lost my virginity. Your body was nothing less than divine help for this depressed soul. I wonder what happened to me after the fuck; I felt life was worth living. And then I saw the message that Olympiad was postponed till evening. That gave me plenty of assurance that things would go right from now on. Thank you for all the teasing. I will fondly remember the time spend with you for the rest of my life.
Yours truly,
Vikas.
I was flattered with all the appreciation shown by Vikas. I never knew that the seduction would save his life. He was truly a wonderful person. In the next couple of weeks, the results were announced and Vikas stood second. His photo was published in the local newspaper. His monster mom took all the credit, claiming that it was all because of the grace of Guruji and the divine help he received by attending the Satsang. The truth was something else.