There was a time in which I was just an innocent girl, and then I discovered my exhibitionist side by driving nude. But, I was always scared to do anything more than that, until I met my fourth boyfriend. He was always the older man in my life and one of my Dad's friends. I've known him since I was about 14 and he has always been there for me. He's been the one who took care of me when my family couldn't or wouldn't. But I'm jumping ahead of myself.
Shortly after I broke up with my third boyfriend; Jerk thought that since I drove nude that I wanted to have sex, no wonder our relationship only lasted 3 weeks. I went to Terrance to bash guys and tell him that I never wanted another guy in my life. He just sat there and let me go off for hours on end. Then he did something that I will never forget in my whole life. He stood up from the couch, had me lay down on it and started to give me a massage, like he would do for me every once in a while when I needed it. He told me that I would find the most wonderful man and that I would fall head over heels in love with him.
Now "Uncle" Terrance (As I would call him every so often) would always be there whenever I had any kinds of problems. Be they with my Dad or with my current boyfriend. Yeah, sure, I had girlfriends who I would talk to with. But Terrance, he was always there for me no matter what. Yeah, I also knew that he had a crush on me years ago. But he's been dating for years, and this one girl I thought would be the one until she broke his heart. Then he just regressed back into his shell and the only women that he would go out with would be me, one of his current female roommates, or if his mother was in town.
I was going to be turning 21 in about a month or two when this happened. He told me that he was going to take me out and get me my first legal beer for my 21st, so I was anticipating what was going to happen. Now Terrance did let me drink, as long as it was at his place and that I didn't drive when I had a drink, not even one. Also, Terrance didn't know that I drove in the nude, not yet anyways.
I was still kind of missing my second boyfriend, Todd. He was very special to me; but a couple of years after we started going out, we drifted apart. That's probably why it took me so long to start dating again.
But, back to the story. The morning I turned 21, I was staying with "Uncle" Terrance. He woke me up in time for me to get to College and told me not to be late coming back as he had a surprise for me. Then he left for work. I took my time getting ready for College and then walked out of Terrance's house in the buff and to the car and left for College. I'm always careful leaving Terrance's house in the nude cause I don't want his neighbors to see me like that. And I don't believe that they've seen me like that or else Terrance would have known something was up later.
Classes went by so fast that it stilled seemed a blur. I drove home nude again, but when I got to Terrance's place, something seemed a little out of place, but I couldn't place it. As I got out of the car and gathered up my clothes, I realized that the door was opened through the screen door and that Terrance's Roommates were at work themselves. Then I heard Terrance's voice ask me what in the world I was doing. I knew I was busted, but I finished up what I was doing, walked inside, calmly got dressed and broke down and let him know my little secret.
I gotta say that he took it a lot better than I thought he would. He sat there and listened to me and how I got started, and how I kept it up. I couldn't believe how well he was taking it. When I was done talking, he just sat there for a couple minutes not saying a thing to me. I can handle my Dad when he's angry at me, I can even handle my Mom too. But Terrance, I didn't want to make him mad at me. I've respected and loved him for as long as I can remember him in my life. I didn't want to ruin our friendship and the relationship that we had.
I just sat there with my head down and didn't look up at him for fear of seeing the disappointment in his eyes. He just mulled it over for a while. Asked me if I practiced safe sex, not just take the Birth Control pills that he would take me to get every couple of months. I said that I didn't have sex since Todd and that I always had protection with me. He asked me if I've ever been followed while driving nude or if anyone has ever tried to rape me. I told him that I've never been followed, but that my last boyfriend tried to rape me once. But I told Terrance that I pulled out the knife he gave me and that was the night I broke up with him.
I've never seen Terrance so happy. He was glad to know that what he's been teaching me about self-defense has been working. He then told me that I should be careful where I drive naked at. Even though he's lived here for about 5 years, there are some people in the neighborhood to be watchful of. I told him that I was always careful when I was nude. Terrance then told me to get ready for tonight and that we shouldn't let this get in the way of tonight's little festivities.
I got all dolled up and ready for going out with the most important man in my life. I forwent the underwear like usual. Wore something that would get any guy's heart rate up. It was one a white top that I got some time ago, a short Jean skirt, and my Black 3" Sandals. And if I didn't wear a bra with that shirt, I'm sure that you could see my nipples, but I know that you could see them if I got even a little excited. I was feeling really good, so I decided not to wear any underwear just for kicks. I don't why I did it to this day.
I came down the stairs after I got changed and Terrance was sitting on the couch waiting patiently. He turned around when I was halfway down and I could swear that I heard him whistle. He told me that he's never seen anyone so beautiful in his whole life. I almost felt as if I should do something special for him for that comment. The only times guys had said that to me in the past was when they wanted sex. I knew that when Terrance told me that, it was the truth.
I asked him where were we going tonight and he told me that it was a bar not too far away. Someplace that we would have to drive to, but not too far away to walk home from if we both got too drunk. I told him that I wanted to drive us there and he got this weird look on his face. I promised him that I would wear my dress this time just for him and he then relaxed and said ok.
We went downtown to a bar that I've heard Terrance talk about a couple of times. He walked in and showed me to a nice little spot in the corner, he said that he made sure that we were not to be bothered because he didn't want the guys in there to get to close a look at me. I didn't think anything of it, it was cool. I really didn't want to deal with anyone else right then either.
He got me something called a "Car Bomb" or some such thing. It went straight to my head. He pretty much kept me with mixed drinks for the rest of the night. Fruity Stuff that didn't feel like it was going to kill me like that first drink. I really don't like beer and Terrance knows that. But I've always been told that I need to try it just once to see what it was like.
At about midnight or so, we started heading back to the truck. Terrance matched me drink for drink and he didn't seem drunk at all. Me, I was blasted. I could barely stand up at all. Terrance had me by my waist to make sure that I was walking a kind of straight line. I know that he didn't do it on purpose, as a matter of fact, it was mainly my fault. I didn't see that corner of the pavement and I tripped. Because Terrance had me by my waist, the first thing he grabbed was my skirt. But a skirt isn't made to take having any significant weight put upon it, and my 125 lbs just was too much for it. As Terrance was reaching for my arm, the skirt button and zipper gave way and he knew for certain that I wasn't wearing anything underneath. And I think that's what slowed him down, the shock of it all. It was just long enough for the skirt to finish ripping and there I was, without anything on from the waist down.
Well, Terrance started apologizing profusely and started to take off his shirt to give to me as a make shift skirt, but wouldn't you know it, as he handed me his shirt, a sudden gust of wind just took off with both my ruined skirt and his shirt. I was beginning to wonder what was going on when this guy stepped out from the shadows a couple of feet away and pointed a gun at us and told us not to make a sound and get into the alley. Now I don't know about you, but I know that I can't dodge bullets and neither and Terrance. So, we complied and walked into that dark alleyway.
Terrance was not happy. I could tell, but I also knew that he was going to do something to that idiot too. I couldn't let that happen. I had to think of something. So, this guy was telling Terrance to hand over his wallet and any other money that he might have. And that's when I did what I did. My top is one of those corset looking thing, but you wouldn't know it looking at it. It "buttons" up the front. So I grabbed the seam and pulled it together and hoped that I got them all undone and then whipped open my top. It had the desired effect. The idiot stopped concentrating on Terrance and looked at me. He started to reach for my top to get a better look. Terrance then grabbed his arm and got a hold of the gun. Threw it into a dumpster and hit the guy as hard as he could in the face. There was a splatter of blood, the guy got up and ran for his life.
But there was one small thing he got away with. Yep, you guessed it. Part of my top. He grabbed it on the way down after Terrance hit him. There was a small ripping sound again and he got a hand full. Not much, just the left, top side of it. When I went to put the top back on, half of my left breast was exposed, and the material that covered my right side was hanging almost to my nipple. Terrance just looked at me, said that it couldn't be helped, and we continued back to his truck.
Well, when we got back, I thought that I should just go ahead and get naked. It's not like Terrance hadn't seen me before earlier that day. I took off the top, gave it to Terrance and then took a walk around the truck just for the hell of it. Terrance had a bemused look but opened the door for me and as I walked past him to get in, I gave him a little peck on the cheek and thanked him for a great night. He shook his head, closed the door and went to the driver's side and we went home.
He carried me up to my room and laid me in bed. I invited him in and he refused. He said that he didn't want me unless I was in my right mind. He just turned out the light and went to bed himself. I was out with that light but had the most amazing dreams.
Well, I know that it's not much, but I'm getting into some more. Forgive me, but some of these times are foggy and some I'm not sure that I want to reveal yet. But you'll get more of my life with time and my courage. See you all soon.