"Oh no!" Emma yelled, as her bean bag sailed wide of the corn hole board. "Sorry, Jake, I'm terrible!"
"No problem- we can still come back. What's the score?"
Dylan was on Jake's end. "That's 11-0. Sorry man, you're done."
"Ok, well, we want a rematch!"
Just then Brian turned from the grill. It was a hot summer night and he was hosting a joint birthday party for himself and his younger sister Jen, who was living with him until she could find her own place. It was only 8pm, but the party was already a few hours in. His street, which was really more of an alley, was filled with friends, the grill, cornhole and washers. "Jake, 11-0 is a shutout," he said casually. "You and Emma owe us a naked lap."
"Wha?" Jake turned and looked nervous. He had no strong desire to run around naked and was not particularly attracted to Emma either.
"Naked lap! Naked lap!" Jen chanted. She had teamed with Dylan to defeat the other pair.
Discussion began about the terms- around the block? Which block? Brian's house was in the city. They didn't want to run into a cop on the back stretch. Before long, tangents sprouted and conversation shifted to other topics. The naked lap was forgotten for the moment.
However, two hours (and a few more beers) later, Jake was in the kitchen when Emma, Jen, and Brian's girlfriend Rachel came walking down the stairs. Emma was in a heavy robe, and didn't appear to be wearing anything else. "Ready for that naked lap Jake?" Jen teased.
"Oh no, you were serious?" he asked. Jen and Rachel just grinned and looked back at him, while others started chanting again.
"What's wrong Jake, is your belly a little yellow?" his close friend Alana teased as she poked him in the stomach.
Jake was never one to back away from a dare, and the amount of alcohol he'd had tonight made it that much easier to play along. "Fine, fine. Let's do it," he said, a bit reluctantly.
Jen, Emma, and Rachel led the way and Jake, Alana, Dylan, Brian, and everyone still at the party piled into the street. With his back to the crowd, Jake slipped off his flip-flops and pulled his t-shirt over his head. His broad shoulders and muscular back were not lost on the ladies in the crowd, nor were the nicely toned chest and firm, flat stomach that came into view as he turned around. At 28 he didn't have as much time to work out as he used to, but still had a hint of a six-pack and at 6'1", 185, was easily one of the better looking guys around.
"Everybody ready?" Jen said. "3! 2! 1!..." When Jake saw Emma start to loosen her robe, he unbuttoned and unzipped his cargo shorts, turned his back to the crowd once again, and, as Jen yelled, "Go!" pushed his shorts and boxers to the ground and took off running.
There were multiple "Woo!"s as he and Emma raced up the street, bare-ass naked. After they turned the first corner and were out of sight, they slowed down a bit and Jake took the opportunity to glance over at Emma. She was about 5'3" and had a little extra around the middle. Her smallish breasts jiggled in the street lights. He had to respect her willingness to do this, given that most other girls at the party were more attractive than she.
They soon made another right onto an alley that paralleled Brian's. While Jake was in good shape, Emma was laboring, so he asked if she wanted to take a break. Unlike Brian's street, this one was fairly shaded by trees, so they walked a bit and laughed about their current state. They both said hello to a middle-aged man who was walking his dog in the opposite direction and had stopped to stare. For her part, Emma was too nervous to look over at Jake. She was already feeling self-conscious and didn't need to be caught checking out his junk.
They walked in silence to the end of the alley, then started jogging again as they turned their third corner, only to run head on into a pair of cute, college-age girls. After getting over their initial shock, the girls' eyes widened as Jake and Emma quickly apologized and started jogging again. "You can bump into me anytime!" one yelled, as the runners reached the next corner.
Brian's house was right in the middle of a well-lit block, so they would be giving the spectators a full frontal for about 30 yards, plus however long it took to get their clothes back on. Everyone was eagerly waiting and as they turned the final corner; hoots and cheers filled the street. Running naked is not as graceful for humans as it is for some other animals and the spectacle of it all had the whole crowd roaring. As they watched the pair get closer though, everyone's eyes, male and female, were drawn to one particular feature: Jake's penis.
Standing in the cool night air, everyone had expected a bit of shrinkage, but the soft dick flopping wildly between Jake's toned thighs looked to be nearly seven inches long and thicker around than the top of a shot glass!
As the streakers reached the group, Emma bee-lined for Rachel, who was holding the robe ready for her to easily slip back into. Brian, who never really thought they would follow through on it, stepped into the street and put his hand up to high-five Jake, yelling, "Nice work! Awesome!" Dylan stood nearby and high-fived as well.
In his drunken condition and caught up in the excitement, Jake temporarily forgot, or at least ignored, his state of undress, laughing and high-fiving the crowd, and telling them about the two girls in the street. Emma had regained her composure after tying the robe shut and for the first time focused on the celebration in front of her. Jake was initially hidden behind another person, but once she eyed Jake's huge flaccid cock, framed by his hard body and swaying heavily with each high-five, she found she could not look away. Why hadn't she taken advantage of the privacy they had alone in that dark alley? And how had this information escaped them all these years? "Holy shit," she whispered, as she stood next to Rachel and Jen, who were also both staring intently. Jen simply arched an eyebrow and nodded.
Jake had a huge smile as he approached Alana, who was also having trouble keeping her eyes off his generous package. They'd known each other for years but had only ever been good friends. "Who's yellow-bellied now, Alana?" he said as he stepped forward to poke her in the stomach. As she playfully sidestepped to avoid him, Jake lunged to reach her and tripped on the curb. Alana reflexively stopped his fall, but, being only 5'1", did so by catching him by his exposed hip and lower abdomen, her forearm in full contact with his oversized dick. As soon as Jake steadied himself, Alana quickly let go, her face beet red. Rachel and Jen looked at each other knowingly, then burst out laughing.
The scene continued for a few more minutes, until Jake decided he'd had enough and walked over to his clothes. With everyone still watching intently, his penis flopped upward well past the waistband as he pulled up his boxers, forcing him to stuff it down in before buttoning his shorts. Once his shirt was back on, people realized the show was over and headed back inside for more drinks. The naked lap continued to be a primary topic of conversation, but no one mentioned the elephant in the room, or its trunk.
After being given a few "reward" shots and downing a couple more beers, Jake was ready to crash. It wasn't the first time he'd stayed over at Brian's and he rightly assumed he could spend the night. Most of the other guests had left already. Brian, Rachel, Jen, and Emma were all that remained, but looked able to stay up a bit longer, having just opened another bottle of wine.
"Good night all- I'm beat!" Jake said, slightly swaying. "Thanks for the party, guys."
"Ok, sleep well!" Rachel called as he started up the stairs. After brushing his teeth, he peeled off his shirt as he entered the third bedroom, dropped his shorts, and fell onto the familiar futon. Rachel had already opened it for him, and he was asleep in less than a minute.
With Jake gone, the others finally felt free to talk about what they had witnessed earlier. "Good God, can we finally talk about this? Did you see what Jake was packing?" Jen started, as she poured herself some wine. "Brian, did you know?"
"Know about what?" Brian kidded, then said "No way- I never saw him naked til tonight."
"Emma, what did you guys do on the run? How could you keep your eyes off it?" Jen was clearly the most interested. "Or your hands...?" She grinned.
Emma, who had changed back into her jeans and blouse, seemed embarrassed. "You know, I didn't even look over? Once I got the robe back on I was as shocked as you guys!"
Rachel spoke up too, "Did you see what happened with Alana? If that was me, I think I would have grabbed it and..." She paused and smiled lovingly at Brian. "Or, actually I would have told him to put it away- since, uh, no one likes to see that."
Brian narrowed his eyes and shifted in his chair, then laughed. "Yeah right. I could barely keep my eyes off the damn thing myself."
"Well, yours is just perfect for me!" Rachel smiled and lightly patted his crotch. "Let's go upstairs and I'll give it some love!"
This was too much for Jen, "Alright, alright, get a room you two. I don't need to hear about all that!"
The two lovebirds went up to Brian's room, leaving just Jen and Emma.
"So...," Jen started after another swig of wine, "are you as curious as I am?"
"How big it can get?" Emma smiled mischievously, finishing off her own glass.
"Yeah, and how it feels. I mean, really, I bet it's bigger than any dildo I've ever used."
"I know. Me too," Emma said, then paused. "He's so nice too- you know he slowed down for me on the run? And he was so polite when we bumped into those girls."
"And he's fucking hot- I mean I knew he was cute but I had no idea his body was so..."
The two girls paused, letting the rest of the sentence finish itself, then burst out in giggles. After calming down, they stared into space for a few seconds, each with their own image of Jake lingering in their minds. Jen broke the silence, "You know there's only one way to find out."
Emma looked at Jen, who was smiling deviously and biting her lower lip in anticipation. "Are you thinking what I think you're thinking?" Jen looked upstairs, raised her eyebrows, then nodded and smiled wider.
The two snuck up the stairs and quietly into the third bedroom, which was lit by both a small night light and the bright full moon through the window. Jake was out cold, laying on his back with one arm over his head and the sheet pulled up to his chest. While Emma was a bit hesitant, Jen quickly pulled the sheet up and completely off the bed, revealing an almost completely uncovered Jake, his loose boxers having ridden up slightly in his sleep. The sizable outline of his flaccid penis was unmistakable through the fabric, and Jen wasted no time in running her fingers along it as she sat down on the side of the bed.
"What are you doing?!" Emma hissed, immediately concerned. "You're gonna wake him up!"
Jen turned around with a smile that showed she knew exactly what she was doing. "That's exactly what I'm hoping," she whispered. "If you don't want in, just stand back and watch."
Emma was unsure. Would Jake be mad? She didn't want to get caught, but she was getting pretty turned on wondering what Jen would do. She took a few steps back into the shadows and looked on as Jen reached her hands up under her sundress and pulled her panties to the ground. Emma gasped as she saw them slide down Jen's slender legs. "God, what is she thinking?!" she thought. Emma had always been a little jealous of Jen- of her height, slim frame, firm, round breasts, and girl-next-door smile, but also of her confidence with men. Emma wasn't shy- she had just run a naked lap for Pete's sake- but around guys she was always nervous. In fact, the only guy who had made her feel comfortable lately was laying in front of her, about to be felt up by her friend.
Jen wrapped her small hand around Jake's limp penis and slowly began stroking it through his boxers. A few strokes later Jake let out a light moan and Jen could feel his cock flex as it began to thicken. She decided she needed better access, so she stopped stroking, grabbed hold of the bottom of the boxers, and slowly inched them down, careful not to wake him.
Emma gasped as his still-not-erect but now nearly 8-inch phallus came slowly into view. It was circumcised, smooth, and not terribly veiny, its beautifully shaped pink head topping off the long, soft shaft, which extended from his loose, fairly normal-looking ballsack. Jen finished pulling the boxers off Jake's legs and amazingly he had not stirred since the initial moan. For the second time tonight, Jake was naked as the day he was born, his firm body laid out before them, his penis resting heavily toward his right hip.
With Emma looking on, Jen climbed onto the futon between Jake's legs and, supporting herself with one hand, ran her fingers down his chest and abs, then grazed them against his cock. Swinging her hair over to one side so Emma could get a nice view, she then bent down and slowly licked along its length a few times before wrapping her fingers around its base and kissing it up and down. Jake's eyes remained closed but a light groan emanated from his throat, and Emma watched as his shaft thickened further.
With her lips wrapped around its side, Jen could feel Jake's cock swell a bit more with every heartbeat. "God, his dick is huge!" she thought and decided to wrap her mouth around the head before she wouldn't be able to. He was only partially erect, but she could just barely fit her mouth around the bulbous head, and she could still feel it expanding as she worked her tongue around its sizable ridge. As her thoughts wandered to what that ridge would feel like sliding in and out of her, she realized she was already soaking wet with anticipation.
Meanwhile, Emma could not keep her hands off herself as she watched Jen suck on Jake's large and still growing penis. She slipped one hand under her shirt and bra to caress her breast, and, after unbuttoning them, slid the other into her jeans to massage her clit. She wondered how much larger the darn thing would get, and also how long this could go on before Jake woke up. His breathing had become choppy, and he was moaning softly as his head turned slightly from side to side, but he had yet to open his eyes or show any indication that he knew what was going on.
He had now swelled significantly and Jen gave up on keeping the head in her mouth. She licked and sucked along it until he felt completely hard; then, while continuing to stroke him, she looked down to admire her handy work. Jake's dick was now over nine inches from base to tip, nearly three of which were the extremely wide, rounded shape of the mushroom head. The shaft, while slightly slimmer at the neck, was so thick that Jen's small hand couldn't reach around it. It was still very smooth, save for a few large veins which had risen from the surface. It was beautiful, and Jen was ready. With a quick glance at Emma, who had been drinking in the amazing sight, she went to work.
Jake's eyes were still closed, but his mouth had dropped open and he was now breathing more heavily. Jen moved up on the bed to straddle him. His cock, with her hand still wrapped around it, disappeared under her loose dress. As Emma watched, Jen very gradually began to lower herself onto him. After positioning him at her soaked and inviting entrance, she felt his girth slowly spread her folds... wider... wider. Her mouth opened with a slight inhale and she held her breath as he slid further inside. Just as she was beginning to wonder how much wider he could possibly be, the firm ridge she had so expertly licked slipped inside her, and she finally exhaled with an unintentional grunt.
Jen gingerly lowered herself onto him, her breath short. She began to slide up and down on his shaft, slowly at first, but gradually picking up speed and working him deeper inside her. "Oh Emma," she breathed, "You have no idea... oooh!" Her breaths were now in rhythm with her motion and were nearly all accompanied by light moans, slowly escalating in pitch.
Jen'd had enough of her sundress at this point and easily pulled it off with both hands, revealing to Emma her taut stomach and pert round B-cups. Her small nipples looked painfully erect and she arched her back as she gyrated on top of Jake, faster than before.
"God, she's gorgeous," Emma thought as she continued to finger herself. She wasn't sure if she was more envious of Jen's amazing body and confidence, or jealous of the fact that she was currently riding this nice guy's huge cock.
Other than the occasional groan, Jake had been quiet up til now, but finally moaned, "Oh Eva, that's so good..." Eva was Jake's ex-girlfriend; clearly he was not yet with it and was at least partially dreaming. Emma wondered if this would worry Jen, but Jen seemed to take it as consent for what she was doing, and leaned forward, put her hands on Jake's muscular chest, and started bouncing on him more vigorously. Her eyes were now closed and her breaths and quiet moans were coming quickly now. Emma knew she must be close.
Jake awoke to the sight of two marvelously perky breasts hanging only inches from his face, framed by a hot slender body impaling itself on his fully erect cock. It wasn't Eva after all- but who? His eyes slowly adjusted to the darkness. "Jen, what the hell are you-"
"Ughhhhhh, God- fuck! Oooohhh, fuck- ahhh, so good, so good, so...oh...oh... ugh!" Jen came long and hard. Her pussy spasmed around Jake's thickness again and again as the pleasure ripped through her body. She lost control, convulsing on top of him, eyes closed, unable to speak, impaling herself again and again, not caring if he wanted it or not. Finally, she began to slow, then eventually stop as her energy left her and she collapsed onto him- her breasts flattening against his chest. She very nearly fell asleep right then, but Jake pushed her off onto the futon, his still-erect penis exiting her with a discernible pop. As she drifted off to sleep, still moaning with aftershocks, he sat up and turned to put his feet on the ground. He was still a bit confused, wondering what the hell just happened, but horny as hell from his "dream".
Completely naked, with his elbows on his knees, Jake's toned body looked amazing to Emma. His muscular arms gleamed in the moonlight, and his penis, still obviously erect in the dim light, extended proudly toward her. Maybe it was the wine, but it occurred to Emma that this could be her best chance at ever sleeping with Jake. She took a few steps out of the shadows, and pushed her jeans and underwear to the floor.
"Jake..." she said as he looked up, noticing her for the first time. She took off her shirt and pulled her bra off as seductively as she could, dropping them both to the ground as well.
"Emma, I..." he started to say, but she advanced and pressed her lips to his, interrupting him and wrapping her hand around his huge penis. He gasped as she began to stroke him, and Emma took advantage of his open mouth, slipping her tongue between his lips and putting her free hand on the back of his head and neck, bringing him closer. It was the most forward she had ever been with a guy, and to her surprise, he began to kiss back.
His lips were soft and he moaned slightly as she massaged his cock. Jen wasn't kidding- the thing was enormous. Jake's mind was spinning. He still had a foggy image of Eva energetically riding him, but it was actually Jen? And damn, Jen was fucking hot, and now his cock was being pleasured by Emma, who was standing naked over him? Maybe this was still a dream after all.
Emma's kisses became more passionate, and Jake instinctively put a hand each on her ass and chest. This drove Emma over the edge. She pushed Jake down onto his back, his monster cock flailing up to slap his stomach, and straddled him. She was already soaking wet and had to have him inside her. Before he could react, she grabbed his cock much the same way Jen just had, positioned it at her entrance, and dropped down quickly, impaling herself on his engorged manhood.
"Oh, fuck!" she groaned as she stretched to accommodate him. "You are so big!" Jake grabbed her bubbly ass with both hands and helped her along. He was definitely rubbing places no one ever had before, and the friction his thick ridge was creating against her walls was driving her mad. After just 4 strokes she began to come and in weakness stopped bouncing on him, but Jake took up the slack and continued to thrust into her from below, using a hand to grab one small breast and lightly pinch her large nipple. This pushed her over the top and they both felt her whole body convulse with pleasure. Just when she thought she'd reached her peak, Jake changed the angle and ground directly into her G-spot. "Oh my God!" Emma screamed, her orgasm reaching even higher.
After about 30 seconds, Emma began to descend off the high and started to tire. Jake was still thrusting though and enjoying the show she'd just put on, and when she opened her eyes, she saw him smiling back up at her. Then she whooped as he almost too easily sat up and swung her around underneath him, never coming close to exiting.
She wrapped her legs around his flexing ass as he pinned both arms above her head with one hand and massaging her breasts and stomach with the other. Emma couldn't believe he hadn't come yet after the ministrations of both herself and Jen. Maybe it was the alcohol. It didn't really matter. Jake started plunging in and out of her at high speed, eager to finally get himself off. Emma felt like an enormous vibrating dildo was being inserted over and over and she started immediately toward another climax.
As she looked up, she saw Jake looking back at her, deep into her eyes, the two of them linked together in bliss. It was somehow the most romantic thing she'd ever experienced. He was watching her, waiting for her to come again so he could too. He didn't have to wait long. Emma's mouth dropped open with a mixture of gurgle and wheeze as a flood of pure ecstasy enveloped her. Jake let go of her wrists and reached down to rub her clit, somehow supporting himself with the other hand while still tweaking a nipple. The additional stimulation was too much for Emma. Her eyes rolled back, her mouth opened wide, and she stopped breathing as wave after wave hit her. Somewhere in the middle of it, Jake's dick grew just a bit larger, a bit harder, before a massive gush of fluid erupted from the tip. He uttered a deep groan with the first release and Emma felt him spasm 10-12 more times before he gradually slowed his motion, released her clit and nipple, and lowered himself on to her. He was gradually softening, but still felt huge inside her.
Emma opened her eyes, her body still reeling, and saw Jake looking back at her, smiling. His body was resting on hers, but he was still shouldering nearly all his weight. "Are you ready for me to pull out?" he asked, sweetly.
"Yes," she said. "Maybe, slowly?" As he cautiously withdrew, Emma could not believe she'd taken a cock that size. He wasn't nearly as hard, but was still almost 8 inches long and still very thick. She felt herself gradually emptying, both with relief and sadness. Jake rolled off onto his side, putting himself between Emma and Jen, maintaining eye contact as he moved.
"Are you ok?" he asked.
"Y-yes, that... that was the best sex I've ever had." Jake smiled, not smugly, but like a teacher had just handed him an A paper. Then he kissed her again.
"You're not too bad yourself," he said. "Maybe in the morning you can tell me how it is I got to fuck two beautiful women in one night?"
Emma blushed. "Sure. If you're lucky, maybe in the morning you'll get to fuck two beautiful women again."
*****
The next morning, Rachel awoke with a groan. She was dehydrated, hangover in full effect. Brian was still dead asleep, and she decided everyone would benefit from her putting coffee on as soon as possible. She headed to the steps, glancing into the spare bedroom to see if Jake was up yet. What she saw was shocking.
Jen and Emma were lying on either side of the futon, both completely naked, their backs to the edges. Between them, Jake lay face-up, nude and asleep, his thick, 8-inch morning wood prominently displayed. Rachel's eyes widened and she couldn't help but enter the room to get a closer look. Emma was also sleeping, snuggled up against Jake, but Jen was awake and, smiling broadly, put a finger to her lips. "Amazing!" she mouthed silently, wide-eyed and gesturing towards Jake. There was no denying he had a great body; Rachel could finally appreciate it now as he laid stationary just a few feet away, his chest slowly rising and falling. And that dick- it was even bigger than yesterday! "Watch this!" Jen whispered, and began to stroke him. Almost immediately the head greatly expanded, changing from pinkish-tan to purple, and he lengthened further to his full nine inches.
Rachel felt herself moisten down below. She and Jake had been close friends for a long time, but she'd never really thought about him in a sexual way. Even now it was more a curiosity as she unwittingly imagined his hard cock sliding between her folds, her breasts pressed against his toned chest, his strong arms wrapped around her... She decided to get out of there before she did something she'd regret.
Whispering to Jen that coffee would be waiting downstairs, she closed the door behind her and headed down to the kitchen. It wasn't long before she heard moans from above. Was it Jen or Emma? Maybe both? And all thanks to the naked lap.