It had been three months since my divorce was finalized. Three long frustrating sexless months and now it was time to move on.
The marriage broke down through lack of communication and not infidelity as was printed on the divorce papers, although infidelity was the straw that broke the camels back.
My ex husband had given up any interest in me long ago, which resulted in me having a wild anything goes affairs with some of his so called friends.
I know I was attractive with a very good body, but for whatever reason, my ex never came near me, resulting in me fucking a few of his friends and finally him catching me on our bed with a cock in my mouth, whilst another slammed into my shaved pussy. I'd become a slut and enjoyed every moment of it, partially due to my husbands lack of attention and the guys lavish attention. When the divorce began a lot of things were disclosed which traumatized me, making me feel almost worthless. I felt as though everyone who knew me was judging me. The guys who I'd been fucking kept away from me for fear of being named in the divorce papers, protecting their own loveless marriages.
My confidence took a hit during the divorce proceedings, but that thankfully is all over now as I've been working out solidly for the last three months, Tanning Salons, Nail bar, Hairdressers and beauty salon have all been on my rotation, as I claw back my confidence. A few guys at the gym have hit on me recently so my fitness regime must be working. I have been bestowed with a 36DD-25-36 figure which as my confidence has grown, I've become accustomed to flaunting a little. My clothes were always what I would class as sexy, but now there seems to be a little slut accompanying the sexy tag.
My skirts have gotten shorter and tighter, my heels inevitably became higher, my tops have become tighter and more revealing and to complete my metamorphosis my underwear has become overtly sexy with quarter cup bras and tiny tight thongs the order of the day. I even bought myself a black wet look basque that fastens at the front but can be tightened at the back.
I had decided on a remodeling of my whole being. My long blonde hair is now in a shorter funky cut, which has given me a cheeky confident look, which more or less sums up the new me.
I have been approached by a few guys recently, but none of them pushed my buttons which effectively means I have not had sex since I became a divorcee. The few remaining friends I have left, encourage me constantly to get back out in the limelight and start living again, which is the basis of this tale.
I'd been invited to a colleagues 40th birthday party which would be a fancy dress costume party, tarts and vicars, all of which was being held at a country house hotel.
I'd booked my room for the night in the hotel, ensuring I didn't need to worry about drink driving or paying an outrageous taxi fare.
I arrived at the hotel at 2:30, deciding to take advantage of the free spa and pampering service on offer. I had already selected my outfit for the evening and thought a little pampering would be just perfect to get me in a relaxed mood for the night ahead. I booked the afternoon in the hotel spa and beauty salon, for the full works. Waxing, Nails, Tanning and massage to relax me for my first outing as single woman. The spa was excellent with wonderful staff and made that much better by the chilled glasses of Prosseco being constantly poured.
By the time I returned to my room, I was totally preened and more relaxed than expected to be, largely to the massage and delicious prosseco.
My hair and make up had been completed in the spa, my body had been completely waxed and smooth, so all that was left for me to do was to dress up in my costume for the evenings festivities. I'd chosen to go as a tart, giving me the opportunity to turn a few heads with my delectable black basque clinging to my toned curves. I accompanied the basque with a pair of sexy fishnet stockings, a tight black wet look mini skirt, outrageously high heels with a bolero jacket covering my upper half, though it wasn't doing a very good job as my large breasts were bursting out of the basque and pushing the jacket open. I placed my necessary belongings into my handbag and left the room to join the party.
I arrived at the doorway of the ballroom where the party was being held, to be handed yet another glass of prosseco as a welcoming drink.
I took a sip of the crisp sparkling wine and looked around at the other guests hovering around outside the ballroom. My eyes made contact with two cheeky looking vicars, Andy and Dave, two of my colleagues who had hit on me previously. They were both funny guys and not bad looking, with quite impressive bodies, and both were making a beeline for me.
"Jesus Suzy you've almost got that top on!" Andy smiled.
I looked down at my breasts, almost spilling out of the basque and laughed.
"The girls are struggling to stay in place!" I laughed, holding the jacket open, revealing my trussed up breasts and my black lacy cinched waist.
Dave placed his hand on my firm buttocks, feeling the garter straps of the basque holding up my fishnet stockings.
"Oh my god, you're killing me! She's wearing stockings Andy!" Dave stated, quivering his voice for effect.
His hand was still on my ass, squeezing the garter strap and my toned butt, when I realized I hadn't put my thong on, and was standing between two sexy men, pantyless as one of them felt me up.
I would be lying if I said this wasn't arousing. The first tingles were sparkling through my pussy as Andy placed his hand on my other buttock, feeling the garter strap digging into the flesh of my firm buttocks.
It may have been due to the earlier prosseco's but my defenses were definitely down and I was feeling very horny with the attention of Andy and Dave. I hadn't actually arrived at the party as I hadn't entered the ballroom just yet, but I was already being hit on. The two guys massaging my buttocks, were most definitely increasing my state of arousal, as the fingers of their hands manipulated my ass flesh, pushing their fingertips into the crack of my ass. My rosebud thrilled at the mild irritation of my tight skirt rubbing against the puckered ring of my asshole.
Both guys seemed to take turns at pushing a finger toward my asshole, with absolutely no resistance from me. My mind and body were in unison now as I remembered the last fuck I had.
It involved me being the object of desire, between two rampant horny guys, fucking me to such pleasurable heights, that I didn't hear or notice my husband walking in on the lust filled sex show.
With two guys kneading my ass, squeezing each buttock delectably, my mind was replaying a lot of memories, of how erotic it is to be pleasured by two cocks.
Andy and Dave were working me over smartly, but the evening hadn't even begun.
"Gents we may have to continue this later, but tonight I'm going to drink, dance and have a wonderfully good time. I may just finish off the night having a very good time back in my room with you guys, but that will have to wait until later!" I stated, trying to cool my ardor.
"You make sure you have a great time and Dave and I will lay off the drink to ensure we can have a good time later, especially you!" he winked and smiled confidently.
"Oh we'll have a good time!" I answered suggestively "We can have a few naughty dances later, if they way you are both squeezing my ass is anything to go by!" I giggled.
"Suzy there are parts of you I've been desperate to squeeze!" Andy smiled a crooked smile with a lustful look in his eyes.
My mind was made up that I would be fucking these guys later, but first I needed some fun and some serious flirting.
I walked in the ballroom, deliberately swaying my curvy hips as a few of the guys turned to watch my erotic entrance. I moved closer to the bar, away from the tables so the guys at the bar could get a full length view of me and my tight, slutty sexy outfit. Alex my close friend at work walked over toward me, dangling a flute of prosseco, smiling and looking me up and down seductively.
Alex is about ten years younger than me, but is also a gym freak, and has a delicious body if I say so myself. I was still aroused from Andy and Dave squeezing my ass, and one view of Alex' smiling face and buff body heading towards me, did not dampen my lust in any shape or form.
"Suzy, my apologies in advance, but I've only one thing to say!" He smiled "Wow! Fucking wow!"
I giggled girlishly, taking the glass from his hand.
"I thought you were horny at work, but that outfit really shows you're incredibly sexy body off to perfection!" Alex smiled, making eye contact with me.
I stared into Alex's eyes, witnessing his pupils dilate with lust, as I smiled seductively.
"You're very kind Alex but why would a young gorgeous guy like you be interested in a mature lady like myself?" I fished.
"If I can be blunt with you Suzy, I've admired you for some time now, and admit that you have been my object of desire recently, and seeing you dressed like this had made it all even more so!" He smiled confidently.
I was a little lost for words at his openness. If this was a line, then it was a very good one!
I smiled seductively at Alex and placed my hand on his right arm.
"Alex you're the sexiest most attractive guy in the company. I'm sure all of the young girls would be eager to be seen on your arm!" I stated.
"But its you I want on my cock!" He smiled cheekily.
Rather than be offended by his remarks, I found myself aroused almost beyond the point of control.
"Alex it's very tempting to jump on your bones right now as you're so hot, but I'm recently divorced and not looking for a relationship!" I said calmly.
"No problem. We could always be fuck buddies, especially if you dress like this!" Alex chirped.
The thought of being fucked regularly by such a hot young man was an incredible idea.
"But I'd want to see other guys!" I exclaimed.
"Sounds good to me! The thought of being inside you is driving me wild!" He grinned, slipping his hand around the waist of my sexy black basque.
"What do you think then? Should we become fuck buddies?" He smiled.
"I think We should go up to my room and finalize the agreement!" I grinned "Come on l think we should go missing for half an hour and get your hard young cock inside me!" I tormented.
Alex never thought I would talk like this or go for the fuck buddy scenario, but the situation was a perfect fit for my current lifestyle.
"Come on let's go, the party hasn't really started yet, so we can celebrate our arrangement by swapping some bodily fluids!" Alex smiled, taking my hand and leading me to the reception. We took the lift up to my floor, kissing and making out like teenagers on the way.
Alex's hands were all over my basque covered breasts and my garter strapped ass, as our lips locked. I ran my hand down his firm stomach feeling his rock hard abs. My hand drifted past his abs and landed happily on his prominent bulge. I gripped his impressive cock, feeling it size and hardness through the material of his trousers.
The elevator door opened and we headed toward my room. Taking the key from my handbag I swiped the door and entered the room closely followed by Alex. I flung my jacket across the room, revealing my tight sexy basque, clinging to my hot body. Unzipping my skirt, I stepped out of the tiny garment, displaying my freshly shaved pussy to Alex for the first time. Alex was disrobing at an incredible rate of knots, dropping his trousers right at the moment my pussy was displayed.
"Fuck sake Suzy, you're sexual perfection!"
I looked down at his huge hard cock thrusting forward and twitching with lust.
"That body and huge cock looked very impressive also!" I drooled staring lustfully at his veined throbbing monster.
"I have to taste your pussy!" Alex smiled
"Climb on the bed and I'll taste your cock as you taste my cunt!" I grinned.
Alex lay on the bed with his huge cock pointing at the ceiling. I climbed on top of him, my legs straddling his shoulders, with my smooth slit literally inches from his face. I turned my head to smile at him, then grabbed his cock at the base and moved my lips toward his cock.
As my lips kissed his cock, I felt the warm wetness of his tongue, gently lick my labia. I opened my legs further, almost smothering his face as his tongue slid inside my pussy. His lips were kissing my labia as his tongued slithered inside me. My own tongue swirled around the purple head of his cock as we both pleasured each other with our oral skills. It was hard to concentrate on sucking his cock, so good was his pussy eating skills.
It had been over three months since I'd held a hard cock or sucked one, but it was never as perfect as the one I was now sucking and devouring. My eagerness was spilling over as Alex gave me my first orgasm as a divorcee.
"Lick my cunt!" I panted as Alex's tongue snaked in and around my pussy, flicking my clitoris intermittently, driving my orgasm to conclusion.
I was kissing Alex's hard cock, as my orgasm began to wane.
"Climb on top of me and slip my cock in your pussy!" Alex growled.
Pandora's box had now been opened. I was at the beginning of my first fuck buddy experience, and if feels this good I may just acquire some more.
I positioned my tingling pussy on to the tip of Alex's rock hard cock. He twitched his cock against my opening as I deep sigh of pleasure breezed from my lips. His cock separated my labia and slid inside my pussy, slicing its way deep inside me. I rested my body onto his, as my hips gently rocked, fucking his cock at my pace. Alex placed his hands on my breasts and began to squeeze my large orbs with devilish intent. I placed my hands on his broad masculine chest for purchase. Smiling down at him, I began to ride his cock with a little more vigor, sliding my pussy up and down the length of his shaft.
Alex began to move his hands around my basque covered body, brushing them on my tight cinched waist, my opulent breast, the gentle stroking of my garter straps and fishnet stockings, then thankfully his hands manipulated my firm buttocks. His fingers stretched my buttocks apart as we both looked in the mirror positioned behind us. Both of us watching his impressive cock slide in and out of my tight cunt. Alex spread my ass cheeks further apart, revealing my pink tight asshole, twitching with each thrust of Alex cock in my pussy.
If we were to continue as fuck buddies, then surely experimental sex should be an option, and the way I felt as Alex pulled my ass cheeks apart, had triggered something I'd never experienced before. I now craved anal sex!
"Fuck my ass Alex!" I panted, almost pleading.
"Oh fuck Suzy! We're going to have so much fun as fuck buddies!" Alex smiled.
"I like this. I can be a total slut and just get fucked by this wonderful cock!" I smiled.
"Keep wearing the sexy clobber when we fuck though!" Alex begged as he began to finger my ass and suck my nipple.
His finger felt sensational sliding in and out my ass, stretching my hole for his cock.
"Oh Alex that feels naughty and dirty!" I panted "Stick your cock in and fuck me up the ass!"
Alex kissed me deeply and passionately, unplugged his cock from my pussy, turned me on to my knees then knelt directly behind me.
I placed my face on to the mattress, with both of my hands holding my ass cheeks apart, spreading them wide, showing my puckered ring to my lover, almost impatient to be fucked in the ass.
Alex's cock nudged at my tightest hole as my sphincter allowed access to the head of his cock. The sphincter snapped around his cock, holding it tightly, almost pulling his length into my ass.
Alex fed his long length slowly into my ass. The heat was strangely arousing as his cock stretched my ass with a pleasure and pain that wasn't just bearable, it was actually encouragable.
As the full length of Alex's cock filled my asshole, the pain dispersed and was replaced by the most intense pleasure.
"Suzy you're such a fucking slut!" Alex giggled.
"No I think you'll find I'm your slut! We'll need to do this at least once a week!" I purred.
"No problem Suzy!" He smiled "Now take my cock in your ass slut!"
The situation and his words made me groan with absolute pleasure, as I began to rock my hips and fuck his cock as it pounded my asshole.
"You'll make me cum if you keep fucking me like that!" Alex snarled.
"Fuck me deep and cum in my ass!" I panted now on the cusp of my own orgasm.
Alex's hands went on to my narrow basque covered waist as he began to fuck me faster.
My anal orgasm was beginning to wane when the first spurt of thick creamy spunk splashed into my asshole, bringing my orgasm back instantly. Spurt after spurt burst into my ass as his tight balls slapped off my shaved slit, an added bonus of pleasure.
Alex held on to my waist as he emptied every drop of his spunk deep inside my ass.
We both came down from very pleasurable orgasms, as Alex slid his receding cock from my now gaping ass. I knelt up straight as Alex placed his hands on my large breasts and squeezed them gently. I turned my head toward his and kissed each other open mouthed, with our tongues wriggling together like excited snakes.
"Shall we clean up and rejoin the party?" I smiled.
"Not until we exchange numbers and arrange a nice dirty fuck slut session next week!" Alex smiled.
We exchanged numbers then head into the bathroom to clean up. Alex stood at the washbasin rinsing water over his turgid cock, removing my pussy juice and his thick white spunk.
I sat on the toilet, watching Alex wash his glorious cock as his thick spunk poured out of my ass.
I looked over at the bidet and moved over to the porcelain seat.
I positioned the jet of warm water directly at shaved slit slit, fretting up my pussy then moving the jet to my asshole, cleansing all of Alex spunk from my rosebud.
Still wearing my Basque and Stockings, I ensured my ass and pussy were gleaming as I may be using these holes again later, if Andy and Dave are still keen!
I stood up from the bidet with a small hand towel patting my asshole and pussy. Alex was back in the bed room gathering up his clothes and re-dressing. I paraded through the bedroom wearing my stockings, high heels and sexy tight black basque, feeling every inch the sexy slut.
I picked up my skirt, bending over deliberately, ensuring Alex got a good view of my tight buns and smooth shaved slit. Smiling I pulled the tight tiny mini skirt over my thighs and snugly into place, covering my pussy and ass across my hips, almost like a second skin.
The straps of my garters were visible protrusions with my stocking tops just covered by the minuscule skirt. Zipping the skirt up, I smoothed the material down over my firm ass and turned to admire my reflection.
"When we meet up next week, ensure you wear a tight slutty mini skirt or a sexy nurse or maid uniform!" he smiled "It's a sense of achievement to remove something!" he giggled, stroking the garter straps digging into my buttocks.
"If you're going to fuck me as good as that, I'll wear and do whatever you want!" I smiled gently twerking my ass on his strong hand.
"I'll slip down first, mingle with people and see you next week!" Alex smiled then kissed me gently.
I returned his kiss with his hand still on my ass. We broke from our kiss and Alex winked as he opened my hotel room door and headed off down the corridor.
I popped into the bathroom to reapply some lipstick and give my make-up a touch. Coming out of the bathroom, I placed the bolero style jacket on my body, scooping up my handbag I headed out of the room and back to the party.
I entered the ballroom to find the place was now thronging with guests. A few I recognized from work, but the majority were total strangers to me. Some of the female guests were dressed quite provocatively in the their tarts outfits. I'd personally never seen so many pairs of stockings and garters in one place. Looks like the guys were going to have a fun evening. Most of the ladies were in good shape, but not wanting to sound conceited I was easily the hottest female in the ballroom, a point confirmed by the amount of men who were salaciously looking me up and down in my own slut outfit.
Andy and Dave headed in my direction with a glass of prosseco in their hands.
"Your drink madame!" Andy smiled as he handed me the sparkling wine.
"Thank you good sir!" I responded "A naughty girl needs hydrating regularly!"
"Hydrating? So Alex must have fucked you dry!" Andy smiled with a wicked glint in his eye.
Somewhat startled and aroused at his forthright reply, I smiled with just a hint of blushing.
"No actually, he left me very wet!" I replied gaining the upper hand.
"Glad to hear he left you nice and wet! Dave and I look forward to finding out just how wet!" He grinned confidently.
"We'll have a few drinks and a few dances, then we can all go upstairs and you guys can do to me whatever you want!" I smiled, running the tip of my tongue along my white teeth.
"I'll dance first if you don't mind?" Dave chirped, grabbing my hand and leading me toward the packed dance floor.
The music was old school 80s disco, great to dance to and fun to listen to. As we reached the dance floor the music changed to a slow smoochy number. The lights dimmed as Dave placed both hands on my basque clad waist, pulling me close enough to him that I could feel his large erection.
It felt strangely naughty, dancing dressed as a slut with a guy dressed as a Vicar, with his hard cock poking into me.
"Someone is pleased to dance with me!" I smiled indicating Dave's hard cock pushing in to me.
"Are you really gonna take us upstairs and let us fuck you?" Dave swallowed unsure.
"Dave, you guys are going to take me upstairs and do whatever you want to me!" I whispered, my hot breath tantalizing his ear.
"Anything? Even fuck your ass?" Dave enquired.
"I hope so. It's just been fucked by Alex and is hungry for more cock!" I smiled stroking his huge hard cock through his trousers "Perhaps you guys could DP me!"
Dave gulped, running his hands up toward my breast as he gently squeezed my huge orbs.
My nipples were burning with desire, as Dave squeezed my breasts, pushing his erect cock in to my crotch. My tiny tight mini skirt rolled up my mound, revealing my shaved slit to his hard trouser covered cock.
"Fucking hell Dave! That feels really good!" I breathed into his aroused earlobe.
"Your shaved pussy feels like it could be very tight!" Dave smiled, pushing his cock into my slit.
My labia opened allowing the trouser covered cock to slide between my pussylips. The friction of the material was so exciting. A mixture of delightful tingling sexiness and wonderful roughness of pain. I wasn't going to last very long at this party drinking and dancing. I wanted cock inside me, fucking me wildly and squirting spunk in all of my holes.
"I'll have a quick naughty dance with Andy, then we can go up to my room and you guys can do whatever you want to me. Tonight I'm your slut!" I re-assured.
I smoothed my mini skirt back into place as Dave adjusted his erection. We walked off the dance floor and headed for Andy.
"Come on you!" I indicated to Andy "Its time for you to feel me up on the dance floor!"
Andy smiled, grabbed my hand and ushered me to the dance floor.
The music was a 1980s power ballad, which would require a slow dance. Andy placed his hands around my basque cinched waist, just as Dave had done. Pulling me close to him, his lips grazed my earlobe and whispered.
"I've always wanted to fuck you Suzy! After tonight maybe you and I can hook up without Dave?" He implored, flicking his tongue deftly around my earlobe. My back shivered with delight at his aural skills. I placed my own lips over his ear and breathed.
"If you fuck me good tonight then I'm sure we can hook up! Remember, tonight you can do whatever you want!" I licked his ear then placed my hand on his hard cock, growing stiffer by the second, almost bursting the material of his trousers.
"We can only do anything we want to you tonight?" Andy enquired.
"Honey you can do whatever you want to me every night!" I reiterated in my best slut tone.
"You are one sexy beautiful dirty slut! You're fucking amazing!" Andy gasped.
"Play with my bald slit!" I panted excitedly "Then we'll go upstairs, I'll be your slut and you guys can fuck me all night if you wish!"
Andy sneakily placed the palm of his hand under my tiny tight mini skirt, moving the hem upward, his palm cupped my shaved slit. I planted my lips over his as he began to slide a finger inside me.
Our tongues became entwined rhythmically like two snakes doing a mating dance.
"Come lets get upstairs, I need to feel you inside me!" I panted as Andy grabbed my hand, leading back over to Dave. I didn't get the opportunity to smooth my skirt back in to place, leaving me to walk back to Dave with my hairless slit partially revealed. This aroused me even more, playing up to my exhibitionist side as a few guys looked open mouthed at my tight pussy on display.
The two guys and I headed out of the room in the direction of the lift. Dave pressed for the lift as Andy held me close and kissed me passionately. The lift door opened and we all piled in.
I leant against the back wall with my skirt riding up over my mound. Parting my legs, showing my bald pussy to them, I smiled at the two guys and said hoarsely.
"You two guys, finger me!" It was almost an order.
Dave was on my right with Andy on my left. Dave slid his right hand on to my smooth mound and singled out my clitoris for attention, with his left hand separating my butt cheeks and his index finger circling my tight asshole. Andy slid the index finger of his left hand along my shaved slit, spreading my juices along my opening, then slipped his finger knuckle deep inside my pussy.
I turned my head toward Dave as his lips covered my panting mouth and began to kiss me passionately. His left hand was being extremely active during our kiss, as his index finger wormed it's way into my asshole, sliding in and out, then circling my asshole, stretching it for events to come. Being double penetrated by different fingers was quite erotic and paved the way for later, when the two cocks I was currently stroking, would be in the holes currently occupied by the inquisitive fingers.
We weren't in the lift long enough to reach a sexual conclusion, but as the door opened, all three of us were panting lustfully. I scurried along to the room, desperate to get these cocks inside me. As I reached the door I took the keycard out of my bag, as Andy snatched it from me.
"Take your skirt and jacket off here!" Andy demanded with a huge grin plastered all over his face.
I removed my jacket, giving the guys their first glimpse of my basque covered breasts and waist.
Unzipping the tight tiny skirt, I slowly smoothed it over my garter straps, down my stockinged thighs and felt it fall at my feet. I stepped out of the tiny skirt as Dave picked up my jacket and skirt, tucking them under his arm.
Andy turned me to face the door, then placed my arms above my head, instructing me to arch my back and stick my ass out. He took the keycard and ran it down the crack of my ass around to my pussy where he slid it between my pussylips. He repeated this action several times until I turned my head to him smiling and said.
"Accepted!"
Both Dave and Andy laughed as the keycard was placed in the door slot, opening the door and allowing us to continue inside the room.
Andy and Dave started removing their clothing with great haste, revealing their toned buff bodies and very impressive hard cocks to me. Andy stood behind me, kissing my neck and holding my basqued breasts, as Dave stood directly in front of me, rubbing his cock on my shaved slit. Andy pushed his cock downward until his cock was sliding between my ass cheeks. This was a new sensation to me, but it was obviously not the guys first rodeo.
They somehow guided me to the bed with Dave lying on the bed with me on my knees, my face near his cock as Andy spread my legs and began to rub my smooth mound with his palm. I smiled at Dave and slowly took his cock in my mouth, maintaining eye contract as my lips slid up and down his shaft. Andy raised my ass and knelt behind me. His wet warm tongue licked the length of my shaved slit as he wriggled his tongue in and out of my pulsating pussy.
My legs began to shake with desire, as his tongue pleasured my pussy. He slid his tongue up and down the length of my slit, then slithered the tip around the rim of my asshole.
A tongue in my ass and a cock in my mouth, dressed only in stockings, black basque and high heels made me feel such a slut, just what I wanted to feel.
The sensational feelings created by Andy's tongue slipping in and out of my whilst I sucked diligently on Dave's cock were lustfully erotic. I'd always been quite the fan of anal sex and never objected when my ex husband wanted to defile my tightest hole.
The stretching of my ring as a hard cock eased its way inside my asshole always made me feel sexy in a dirty slut kind of way. What these two were doing to me was nothing short of breathtaking. I moved down Dave's shaft and delicately licked his balls, rolling my tongue around his hanging sac.
Andy removed his tongue from my ass and knelt directly behind my ass. Spreading my cheeks apart with one hand he began to rub the head of his cock up and down my slit, making my pussy tingle. With one swift thrust he filled my cunt to the brim with his big hard cock. I dropped Dave's cock from my mouth and moaned sexually.
"That feels fucking awesome!" I panted as Andy began thrusting vigorously.
"Take my cock bitch!" Andy snarled in true bull fashion.
"Tucks her ass mate and let me fuck her pussy!" Dave smiled.
Andy removed his glistening cock from wet tight pussy, pushing me up the bed to straddle Dave's thighs. Dave's cock was at my opening as I position jones my pussy over his large cock. With a roll of my hips, I slid my pussy down over his cock.
Another gasp of pleasure as Dave's cock filled my cock even more. It could have been the position I was getting fucked in but Dave's cock felt a lot bigger than Andy's!
I was gyrating my hips, fucking Dave's cock when Andy pulled my cheeks wide apart and spat directly on my puckered ring. I shudder d with shear sexual pleasure at Andy spitting on my ass, treating me like some porno slut!
Placing the head of his cock at my asshole, he pushed gently and my sphincter wrapped itself around his cock as the full length slid in effortlessly.
I was now being double penetrated by two hunky studs who were using my body for their sexual gratification and I couldn't have been happier.
Dave thrust upward in my pussy as Andy began sliding in and out of my tight asshole.
"You love cock don't you, you dirty slut!" Andy snarled playing his part to perfection.
"I love cock and being fucked like a slut!" I somehow panted between the extreme waves of pleasure both cocks were providing.
Instinctively I placed my open mouth over Dave's and slipped my tongue inside his mouth. Dave returned the favor, slithering his tongue deep in my mouth. For the first time in my life, every sexual orifice I possessed was being utilized sexually.
"Dave and I will fuck you regularly if that's what you want slut!" Andy said then slapped my ass, leaving a delightful stinging sensation.
"Oh yeah! Fuck me! I want to be your slut!" I panted breaking free from Dave's lips "I'm coming! Make me cum!" I cried out.
"Good girl!" Said Dave "Come on our cocks then you can swallow our spunk when we come!" He instructed.
The words aroused me and the thought stimulated me.
"I'm coming! I'm coming! Fuck me!" I panted.
Dave moved my breasts out of the cups of the basque and began to twist my nipples providing me with more pleasure and pain to accompany the pleasure and pain of a cock in my pussy and one in my ass.
I moaned throatily as my orgasm continued, escalating into a multiple orgasm, making me almost pass out with pleasure.
"Give me your cocks! I want your spunk!" I screeched begging for their manhood.
"All in good time slut! We'll be banging these holes for a little while longer!" Andy snarled then spanked my right buttock twice, leaving a delightful stinging feeling.
"Lets swap places" Dave said "I want to fuck the slut in the ass!"
Andy unplugged his cock from my ass, the cool air wafting across my gaping butthole. I climbed off Dave's cock reluctantly and saw my orgasm glossing on his hard shaft.
Andy lay on the bed and I straddled his thighs as his cock slid inside my pussy instantly. I ran my tongue along Andy's lips as Dave positioned his cock at my asshole. With one lunge his huge hard cock filled my asshole, causing me to gasp at its length stretching my asshole.
"We have to do this more often!" I whimpered as the two cocks began to fuck me slowly.
"I always wanted to fuck you Suzy, but I never imagined you would be such a dirty nasty slut!" Dave growled.
"I'll be as dirty and as nasty as you want me to be!" I panted nearing another orgasm as both cocks fucked me.
My nipples were almost in flames, such was the burning desire as Andy slithered his tongue over my erect sensitive nipples. I sighed with pleasure as his tongue tantalised the protruding erect flesh. Sucking the nipples gently, shivers were running up and down my spine as Dave began to thrust his cock in my ass with more purpose. Andy's cock was not as active, but little throbs and pulses oscillated through my pussy, triggering my next devastating orgasm.
"Fuck my ass!" I pleaded as Dave thrust his large cock rapidly in and out of my asshole.
"I'm going to cum up your ass!" Dave growled through gritted teeth.
"Fuck yeah! Squirt your spunk up my ass!" I pleaded pulling Andy's head into my breasts to suckle on my nipples at his hearts content.
My head was thrust back, pointing at the ceiling as my orgasmic moaning continued with Dave now emptying his balls deep in my colon.
Dave moved his lips on to my exposed neck and gently nibbled my goose bumped flesh. His lips grazed my earlobes as he whispered.
"You love cock!" And finished emptying his spunk in my ass.
Dave removed his cock from my ass, laying on the bed beside us, watching me ride Andy's cock.
I was now putting on a show for Dave, thrusting my hips back and forth, rolling my pussy on Andy's cock.
Andy was twisting my nipples harshly, which I actively encouraged, moaning softly as the pain brought it's own unit of pleasure.
"Do you want my spunk in your pussy or in your mouth?" Andy smiled twisting my nipples just a little bit harder. I was on the brink of another orgasm fucking Andy while Dave watched me panting with pleasure.
"Spunk in my mouth and we will all see it. Then I'll swallow all of your cum!" I panted as my orgasm burst through my entire being.
In one swift move Andy lifted me off his cock, turned me on my back and knelt at my head with his large cock pointing in my face. I slipped my lips over the head of his ready to explode cock, just as Dave slid two fingers into my pussy, rotating his fingers at rapid speed.
Rather than subside, my orgasm increased as Andy's spunk began spurting into my mouth.
Andy emptied every drop in to my mouth, leaving a substantial load swirling around my teeth and gums. Removing Andy's cock from my mouth I showed the guys the creamy white load as I swallowed deeply and all of the spunk was gone.
Andy laughed heartily saying.
"You fucking dirty slut!"
Dave increased the speed of his fingers, then surprisingly hooked the tips toward the front wall of my pussy. The tips made contact with my Gspot and the inevitable gushing orgasm was about to follow.
I was leaning on my elbows with my head back, gasping air into my lungs as waves of sexual pleasure were surging through my body.
My orgasm gushed like a vaginal tsunami as female ejaculate burst up Dave's arm, followed by another gush as I almost collapsed with sheer pleasure. Dave took his other hand and gently slapped it off my raw clitoris. He continued this for a few seconds as the final gush splashed out of my pussy.
Silence settled in the room as all three of us relaxed in our sexual bliss. The smell of sex was raw and exciting, a look of contentment painted on everyone's face.
"Well, gents, we will have to do this again! Now order some drinks and snacks, then you guys can fuck your slut again! If you're up for it?"