The rain that had gathered on the cement of the steps that led to her apartment patted and made small splashes as my feet touched down and lifted during the ascent to her front door.
Why was I doing this?
It was so risky and could not go any way other than horribly.
But the truth was, this was happening because it had to. Pressure that builds needs a release or a weakness within the structure in which it's contained will crack and the results can be catastrophic.
This goes as much for a human mind as it does for a high-pressure boiler.
It was chilly for October and the dampness that hung suspended in the air only added to the bite that seemed to plant an ache into my bones. I bunched my fists together through the down lined pockets of my jacket, pulling the sides in tight to my ribs for one more warming hug. Then, taking a deep breath, I withdrew my right hand from this blessed warmth and knocked on her front door.
After a moment, the door, colored a deep azure blue by thick coats of splitting paint, opened inwards. An aluminum screen door separated us, but there was no mistaking the eyes that stared out from the gloom of her foyer into the gloom of this Fall afternoon.
Large. Dark brown. Surprised. Tracy's eyes.
"Sean! What are you doing here?"
It was a reasonable question.
Though I was extremely fond of this woman and got along with her very well, she was really my wife's friend. Her best friend, actually. So my being there without the visa of my Melody's companionship was a bit...odd.
Plus there was always tension between us. It stretched back over more than a decade—from before I even knew Melody. Tracy was someone I would see around and she reminded me of Edie Brickell, a singer I had a huge crush on at the time so she instantly caught my eye. We never talked but the attraction was obvious and the attention mutual. Then later, after melody and I got together, she started dating my friend Kevin and we became de facto "couple friends".
"I was just walking to the store and I saw your car..."
She looked through the screen door towards the driveway where her car was parked.
"And I thought I'd stop by and say 'hi'."
Looking back at me, her head cocked a fraction to the right and drew back, tilting her fine jawline upwards. A tiny frown creased her forehead—this was all obviously very unexpected.
My hands were jammed back in my coat pockets, arms clamped to my sides. She took notice of how cold I was and pushed the screen door open.
"Sure! Great! Come in, come in, out of the cold!"
Her left arm was extended along the length of the screen door, holding it open for me. Her body leaning slightly outward to ensure it was wide enough to get though.
I turned my back to her and slid into the entrance way, taking care not to brush up against her breasts. (Which I had quickly glanced at just before I moved forward.)
I never could help myself with her. When she was around, I just had to look.
At her ass when she bent over to pick up a glass that needed refilling. At the tight crotch of her jeans as she uncrossed her legs to stand up and usher Melody and I to the front door after after one of our "couples visits" when she and Kevin were still together.
At her hands...imagining the things they did to her body. The things I wanted to do.
______
What spurned this on—well, part of it, anyway—was the fact that she and Melody shared everything with each other. During their "girl's hang" nights on the couch they would talk openly about the sex they were having, the men they wanted to fuck (but couldn't for various reasons). The ways they masturbated and where. The size of my dick (not huge, just over 7 inches, curving slightly to the left —Tracy LOVED details.)
On and on it went with almost no subject off-limits.
These confidences would later be relayed to me by Melody and we would sometimes fuck while talking about them. It seemed her friend was just as attractive to her as she was to me so Melody would speak with real hunger in her voice as she described Tracy's tits (heavy c-cup with medium brown nipples—as big around as silver dollars), or her pussy: a trimmed but densely thick dark brown bush.
She'd glimpsed these incredible, almost unimaginably desirable sights when the two of them would go to the local community center to swim. In the change room, Melody would pay careful yet discreet attention as each article of Tracy's clothes would slide off so that we both could relish every curve of this woman's body later when we were together.
______
I slipped off my shoes as she moved by me and continued down the long hallway that led past her kitchen, into the living room proper. I followed, unzipping my coat, glancing around at the sparse but tasteful furnishings.
Tracy stood between the couch and the coffee table motioning with her arm in a casual, welcoming gesture, "Have seat!"
She picked up a can of soda from the coffee table and took a sip.
"You want one?" she asked.
"No, I'm good," I said as I settled into a large cream colored chair that sat next to the sliding patio doors that lead out to the small deck off the side yard. It's where we'd barbecue sometimes in the summer.
She chatted a bit about what she'd been up to since we last hung out, the weather—small stuff.
I was having trouble focusing and wasn't giving much in the way of conversation besides one-syllable answers.
"What's going on?" she asked.
A bit startled I refocused my eyes hoping I hadn't been staring at her tits or between her legs or something. "What do you mean?" I asked.
"You seem...I don't know, distant? Out of it? What gives?"
The pace of my heart quickened, and my chest suddenly contained heavy fullness that carried an edge of panic with it.
Her question was the door, the way into my asking what I came here for, but now that the opening had presented itself I just couldn't seem to force the words from my mouth.
I sat forward in the chair and looked into her eyes.
Familiar eyes that seemed nothing but concerned. Curious. Friendly.
"Look, I'm sorry," I said.
"I'm sorry if this is...weird or uncomfortable....or...uh..I don't know! I am completely out of my depth here," I continued. "And out of my head."
Tracy moved forward on the couch mimicking my posture. My position was screaming "Make sure you've got a fast way OUT OF HERE!!" hers simply conveyed interest and, what, support?
Whatever it said, it made me feel at ease enough to continue.
"You know I've had a thing for you for a long time. Forever!"
She laughed and I went on.
"And I know what you and Melody talk about when I'm not around. The kinds of things you talk about."
"What 'kinds of things'?" she asked, her brown eyes glinting, a bit of a tease in her voice.
The tease made me both bold and uncomfortable in equal measure.
"Well, sex stuff," I said.
After a pause I added, "Obviously."
I shifted in my seat and ran my hands though my hair.
She was enjoying my discomfort and her smiled broadened as she crossed her legs, leaning into my space a little more.
"OK...," she said the trailing off, inviting me to continue.
"Like she told me that you made a video of yourself masturbating to show to Kevin, but that you were too shy to show him in the end."
This took her aback and her smile faltered.
"She told you about that?"
"Yeah."
Tracy looked down at her lap while I stared into the crown of that luscious chestnut hair.
"When she told me about that the only thing I could think about was, how much would I have to pay to see that tape?"
She looked back up at me, her eyes searching mine.
"See, I think about you. A lot," I continued.
Now it was my turn to look away.
"Like when I jerk off and stuff."
I just let that sit in the air between us for a moment.
She said nothing. My heart was pounding now.
This whole thing didn't seem like fun or a tease anymore. It seemed like something else.
I couldn't believe I'd gotten this far, honestly, but I still hadn't asked for what I wanted. I hadn't gotten down to the whole reason why I happened to find myself walking to her place on a rainy autumn afternoon.
She still hadn't said anything or even moved since my masturbation confession.
I figured I better just get this all out and move on.
"Look, again, I am so sorry. I know this is weird, and I feel awful doing this—I'm risking our friendship. I'm risking my relationship with my wife—but I already felt awful before all that, and I think I'll feel even worse if I don't, I don't know, confess to you."
I looked into her eyes and she held my gaze. Steady.
"Can I go on? Or should I just go? Like, leave?"
"Go on," she said.
OK, good. She hadn't totally freaked out and I was still on the precipice of doing what I'd been thinking about for months.
"Fine. But can you make me a promise?" I asked.
"Maybe. Depends on the promise."
"Can you just promise me that...you will try to keep in your mind who I am? You know, the guy you know me to be? And to remember that when I ask this next thing, I am STILL that guy, OK? The one you've always known. The one who cares about you. About what you think. And what you think of him."
She took a deep breath after that, and maybe I did too, I can't remember, but she seemed to really be taking in what I had just said. Or what I had tried to say, anyway.
After a moment, she was steady again.
"OK. I can do that. Shoot."
"So, you know that I fantasize about you—I think you're gorgeous, OK?--but I know that I can never have you. Nothing like having you. Not even close."
Though I was going deeper and trying to explain myself more and more, she seemed to be getting increasingly unsure.
"OK." was all she said.
"But...." I suddenly couldn't face her and I twisted my body in the chair so I was as towards the window that I could possibly be, looking as away from her steady gaze as I could possibly get.
"Fuck, this is hard!" I exclaimed.
"Hey," she said softly.
I just sat there, slumped towards the window.
"Hey! Look at me!"
I turned my head, but only my head, and looked into her face.
"Just spit it out. Christ, you've gone this far!" and with that she smiled a tiny bit.
Stealing myself, I turned towards her and blurted it out: "Can I have a pair of your panties?"
It seemed so absurd once I said it and her smile went from kind to bemused, maybe even full-on Amused!
"That's is the closest I think I could ever be to you since we won't ever be together," I said.
"The smell of your pussy.... To breathe you in, to lick that spot where your pussy had been, fuck, I just can't think of anything I want more in the world right now."
She wasn't smiling anymore.
She looked a bit flushed honestly.
No more than I was though, I can assure you.
Suddenly she stood up. "So..., should I just go to the hamper and get you a pair, or...?"
"That would be amazing," I said.
The relief that flooded over me was incredible. I half slumped over in the chair as she headed to her bedroom. Her compliance left me intoxicated but the relief that it was all out in the open, that she seemed OK with it, AND I was getting a pair of her panties, it was an incredible rush of heightened excitement and calm all at once. Overwhelming.
After a few moments she came back into the living room. A light blue pair of her underwear clutched tightly in her right fist. She stopped about a couple of feet from me and made to reach out with the panties but snatched them back to her chest just as I stretched my own hand towards them.
"These are from yesterday," she said.
"Now, I will give them to you, no problem. But if you want, instead, I can give you the ones I'm wearing right now. On one condition."
"OK, what?" I asked, eagerly.
She shifted her weight from her left foot to her right and her hip jutted out provocatively. Her head tilted to the right as well, sending a tumble of hair over one eye. Her left thumb hooked into the leg hole of the panties she held to her chest and stretched them taut between her two hands up toward her mouth.
"You said you were going to take them home and jerk off with them. I wanna watch."
I felt light-headed and if I wasn't sitting down I might have fallen. Regardless of the lack of blood flow to my brain the decision was instantaneous:
"It's a deal."
I was disappointed when she said, "I'll be right back," and scuttled off to the bedroom again.
I was hoping she'd be taking them off in front of me. Whatever. This was going so much better than I could have dreamed.
She was back in a minute, still fully clothed in faded jeans and a white t-shirt, sadly, but now she held a black pair of underwear in her hands. She stopped short in front of me and sort of presented them, both arms outstretched as if I were receiving an award. It was an honor, there was no doubt.
"OK. Now you stand over there," she gestured to the middle of the living room, directly in front of the couch and taking the panties from her I moved from the chair into position.
"And I'm just going to sit here," she said as she curled her legs under her and settled back into the couch.
"No touching!" she wagged her index finger at me, grinning widely.
"Absolutely." I replied.
I turned to face her looking down at the panties as I ran them through my fingers. They were matte black cotton, still warm from her body. My cock stiffened in my pants instantly.
Instinctively my hand grazed over the bulge as I continued to stare at these most intimate of garments, transfixed by them.
"You seem to like them," she said, smiling.
"Fuck yes."
I looked up at her and she was staring intently at my crotch. This turned me on even more.
I wasn't nervous. I wasn't embarrassed. I was too fucking turned on.
I started to rub my cock in earnest though my pants. Grabbing at the center of the shaft with my thumb and 3 fingers and pulling hard upwards, tugging at the head though the tough material.
"Do you want to see it?" I asked.
"Yes."
"Say it. Say, 'show me your cock'."
Her breath hitched in her chest.
"Show me your cock." Her eyes never left my tugging hand. She was sitting forward now.
With my right hand I yanked at the button of my pants and then dragged the zipper down.
I pulled my jeans and underwear down quickly over my hips so that they sat just below my crotch.
My cock snapped up and hit my stomach as I pulled my balls forward over the waistband of my shorts.
They were slightly snugged against the base of my cock and I just let it sit there in the air for a moment, pulsing as she stared.
"Mmmm," she said.
"I'm gonna sniff your pussy now. Do you want to see me do that? Do you want me to pull my cock while I sniff your slutty cunt?"
"Ugnh, fuck yes!" she snarled and her left hand glided across her breast and then cupped it roughly from beneath.
I could see the nipple harden beneath the thin cotton of her t-shirt.
A thick nipple that I knew had gotten even larger (and darker) when she'd been pregnant several years back. I'd fantasized about those pregnant nips a hundred time since Melody had told me what they looked like after catching a glimpse while Tracy breastfed her only daughter.
I turned the gusset of her underwear inside out and saw a thick, translucent mark in its center. The cloth around it was damp.
I brought the panel of fabric to my nose and inhaled deeply while I started to slowly pull my cock, my fist slapping against my balls on every down-stroke.
The second her scent hit my brain it was like an explosion and my knees almost buckled. I immediately let go of my cock so I wouldn't cum. The aroma was heavy, musky and primal. There is nothing else like this on Earth. A sense memory from before there was language. It could make me do things. Accomplish things. Or make me lose myself.
Her hands were gripping the cushion of the sofa, her hips gyrating slightly.
"Don't move!" I commanded and the small circles from her center ceased.
Her eyes flicked from my purple head to my face and back again before I spoke next.
"I need a minute..."
This was so good, so dirty that I would cum in a second if I wasn't careful and though I knew it couldn't possibly last long, I wanted to drag it out as much as I was able.
With both hands I turned the crotch of her panties towards her to show her the wet ooze that lingered there.
"See?" I asked.
I watched her gaze shift from my swaying cock to the wet spot she'd made while we talked earlier, then to my face as I began to draw her underwear towards my mouth. I held them just shy of my lips so she could see me slide my tongue out and dredge it along the cloth channel where her vulva had sat only moments ago. I curled my tongue back in my mouth to make sure she knew I was tasting her. As best I could, anyway.
I didn't want to lick too much lest I dilute her scent so I stopped after 2 flicks with my tongue.
My hand dropped back to my cock, sliding its length then gripping my balls and pulling them away from my body momentarily so she could see both the tightness and the weight.
"I'm not going to last long," I said.
"Good." Smiles.
"Spread your legs. Let me look at you the way I always have wanted to but never could."
She slid a bit forward and then ran her hands along her outer thighs towards her knees. When they got there she pulled her knees apart wide and I saw the inseam of her jeans pulled impossibly tight across the V of her pussy.
"Show it to me, cunt. You want me to look, don't you?"
"Yes," she said, somewhat demurely.
My hand was sailing up and down my cock now, my balls bouncing against the elastic of my waistband, adding a pleasant resistance.
Precum leaked from the head and smeared along the glans as I jerked.
"Is your pussy hairy?" I asked. "Melody said you had a hairy brown pussy."
My stroking moved into yet another gear.
"Yeah, it's hairy." she said as she pulled her knees up towards her chest.
I said the first thing that came to my mind when I saw her wide open like that:
"God, I want to lick your asshole!"
I would do it right through those jeans too.
She laughed and said, "I bet you do. Melody told me about you. The dirty things you like to do."
"Please, just undo your pants and pull them down enough so I can see the top of your pubes. Just the top, I swear."
She didn't need convincing. In a flash she was up and unzipping her jeans she stood in front of me, only 4 feet away and pulled her pant down so her bush was hanging out. I wanted to lick the top of it. Bury my face in it, bent over at the waist.
"Oh fuck that's gonna make me cum," I said
"Do it! Make it squirt!!" she yelled in encouragement.
I shoved her panties tight against my nose and inhaled as deeply as I could, yanking hard at my foreskin, pulling back and forth over the shiny head of my cock.
"NnnngnFfffFUCK!!" I wailed.
White ribbons of cum began to stream out of my pounding fist, arcing towards Tracy.
She pulled her jeans down and little further and stuck her hips out towards me and the hot semen that flew toward her. Almost as if she was trying to catch it in her tangled thicket or just anywhere on her skin.
One glob landed neatly in her bush as the rest fell to the carpet at her feet. I continued to pull hard making tiny droplets fly uncontrollably onto the coffee table, my chest, her socks...
The middle finger of one hand dipped into the cum clinging to her dark hairy cunt and smeared it, pushing it down and across her clit. She shivered.
"Fuck! OK, I think that's enough for today," she said, her face red and hair a mess.
"Today?" I asked as I dabbed at my sticky cock with her panties.
It was beyond hope that this might ever happen again. And beyond dangerous.
"Well, yeah. Maybe that's just enough period," she continued.
"But if you ever need another pair just let me know. And give me a bit of advanced notice so I can REALLY wear them for you first!"