Story of a trans man found out by his kingdom to be trans and the punishment for it. The punishment being fucked by a monster in a colosseum filled with people. I'm a trans man myself, but I wrote this because a lot of us are different and wanted something for me more than anything.
TW for transphobia and some misgendering, along with terms such as vagina, cunt, etc. to refer to genitalia. Contains non-consent and monster fucking.
*****
"Bring out the entertainment!" I heard as I stood hunched over in a pillory stalk with my exposed pussy and ass propped up by two wood boards in the shape of a T. Both were nailed down to a cart that would soon wheel me out into the sun.
I'm the entertainment for today as punishment for being a man with a vagina. For fooling the townsfolk into believing I had a penis, for deceiving them that I was normal. Most penalties come with fighting monsters, but mine? To be bred by one. That way, the public can be aware of my difference, and it'll be entertaining enough to spread throughout the kingdom.
I was told that on rare occasions, some of my fellow siblings punished this way, enjoy it, and stay as regulars of their own volition... I doubt it. All I've ever seen is them leave to go halfway across the Earth, never to be heard from again.
Which is precisely what I'm doing when this is all over.
My heartbeat quickened as I felt the slight tug of the men pulling the cart, snapping me out of the bitter thoughts about why I was there. The guards were remarkably silent; this was all part of the job. No remarks, no sneers; I was surrounded by simple silence and rigid expressions.
I closed my eyes as I was brought into the light. The second I felt the sun's warmth cover the entirety of my body, the crowd began to roar with cheers. Along with a few "breeding stock!" And "pussy boy" comments from the closer crowds. It made me a little wet just by hearing it, which I should be ashamed of, but I'm happy to have any help with what monster is going to slide itself into me. Rather be shameful than painful.
Still, my face was tomato red. I tried to curl into myself, but the restraints kept me in place, my holes remaining high and proud for the cheering viewers.
Eventually, I was carted to the middle of the stadium. The cart came to a stop as guards surrounded me to unlock me. Were they not going to just leave me in the cart and walk off? I mean, I've never seen one of these things before, but I assumed it'd happen.
As soon as it unlocked, I didn't bother to struggle but felt strong grips on my hands and legs to keep me from moving. I was lifted from the cart before they flipped me, showing my front side off instead. For the sake of the show, two guards spread my legs apart into what would be a perfect split and rotated my body so everyone got a good look. I clenched my eyes shut in shame. The cheering grew louder.
The cart was then run off, leaving me with each limb carried by stone-faced guards.
"And now, the entertainer" The cheers erupted to the point where I couldn't even hear the name of the damn thing.
The giant doors creaked open, and a huge, slithering, purple mass of slime tentacles emerged. All are connected to an orb with no features.
I screamed, punched, and kicked at the guards at this point, but they held me still. Not only that, but they walked towards it. Why towards it? Are they part of this too? Do they want to be killed? The announcer kept talking, but I couldn't pay attention watching the mass come closer and closer to me.
When twenty feet away, the guards kneeled and lifted me above their heads as if granting me as an offering. It made it so it was easier to move a bit due to the weird grip they had to have, but I still couldn't break a limb free.
Then I felt it, the tendril sliding across my back and around my waist, the gravity exerted onto it as it pulled me out of the guards' grasp. I couldn't hear the crowd anymore; it wasn't nearly as loud as my heart's drumming.
As I was lifted, more tendrils wrapped around my arms and legs to keep me from thrashing in its grip. The slime was cool in the hot air. After getting a good hold on my limbs, more extensions started to wrap around my body. Soon I was encased in it with only my head free.
"Please let me go!" I screamed as tears began to run down my face. I'm just going to get killed here. I was stripped down and humiliated just to die as a monster.
The creature showed no emotion, no reaction, but something changed. My body began heating up, not from the outside, but from the inside. My mind grew cloudy. I assumed I was being digested or simply melted before I noticed the feelings of electricity jolting to my crotch. It's an aphrodisiac. It's letting my entire body absorb an aphrodisiac.
The fear I had left started to warp itself into lust. My tears stopped flowing, and I stopped begging after my voice became noticeably aroused. I felt my dick begin to tremble within the slime, my body screaming to be touched.
Before long, I was panting while still in its unmoving grasp. Is it teasing me? Is it going to make me stay like this the whole time? I'm on fire and can't do anything but stay motionless here.
Wait... maybe I can
I slightly move my hips to cause friction between me and the slime. I get something, something little. The slightest bit of pleasure is in the constant continuation of sexual torture.
I few humps in, and the monster reacted. I didn't even notice that my arms and legs were so weak that they were almost numb.
I was slowly pulled out of my encasement with a tentacle on each limb. The monster held me, so I faced the crowd; I guess it was trained to improve the show. Two more tentacles went up to my chest. They wrapped around my tits before two suction cups formed and latched onto my nipples. The thing then massaged my breasts as if trying to milk me while leaving my pussy neglected and dripping.
I moaned as quietly as I could to hide it under the crowd's roar. Eventually, the slime heard and took advantage of my open mouth by sliding another slime tentacle down my throat. I felt a warm liquid leak from it before my body got hotter, which I didn't even think was possible when it already felt on fire.
Finally, I felt my dick caressed by a bumpy tentacle and moaned, unashamed, feeling electricity run through my body. I instinctively tried humping it before my hips were grabbed and held steady. I heard laughter and cheers, and the humiliation only made my body quiver and my pussy wetter.
I am in hell and heaven simultaneously and want it to stop immediately while still going on for eternity.
Then the rough appendage gently rubbed against my dick and pussy. It rubbed for a minute before pulling it away and flipping me so I could face it. It's as if it was looking at me but had no eyes.
Despite the crowd, I wriggled my hips in the air. I needed to get fucked; I needed a God damn orgasm. I desperately whined and felt my throat vibrate around the form of a gag.
I was lifted high in the air, and my legs were spread as far as possible. Facing the ground, I saw two tentacles follow me before both entered my cunt.
I jerked as I felt them enter me. Slowly and gently stretching me as it made its entrance. Its uneven surface could be felt from inside my cunt as both circled the walls of my vagina. My moans could no longer be kept at a quiet or average level; I was louder than I ever heard myself. I heard it echo throughout the Colosseum.
I knew I was being watched by a colosseum of people, their excitement and cheers coming from my degradation, but it felt good. I'm already in this situation; my life will never be what it once was; there's no point in preserving what pride I had.
As that decision hit me, the tentacles began to retreat before thrusting forward again, a third one joining them to use my ass. The audience started to cheer louder as the beast began taking its full pleasure inside me. I couldn't get enough of this thing massaging my pussy and asshole. My body went from being rigid to limp as I finally came.
This only excited the tentacle inside my mouth as it dripped a bit more aphrodisiac down my throat. I swallowed it eagerly, feeling my body burn more with lust.
Only a few seconds after, it filled me with cum causing my stomach to slightly bulge before I felt a fountain of cum spurt out of me as it kept thrusting. I was tired but needy. My body won't let me stop enjoying this until this thing stops drugging it senseless.
This went on for what felt like a day but was only a little over an hour. At one point, I passed out while still being fucked to wake up in a surprisingly nicely furnished room.
My skin was clean and smooth. I was naked, but silk pajamas were laid beside me. As I put them on, a maid opened the door to find me awake. She left without saying a word and returned with steak and wine.
I ate it while in confusion. Was my entire life a fucking fever dream? An hour passed before the same man that told me that some trans people stay walked into the room.
"So, do you see why some stay?" My eyes widened with the remark.
"You mean that I get to live like this if I stay?"
"Of course, we need something to keep our entertainment here! If you agree to put on a show for our kingdom once a week, you'll be allowed to stay here and even go out! Though, when you go out you need to be disguised to keep free use from applying."
"Why doesn't anyone know about this? Who wouldn't accept this?"
"We still have laws sir. We need to have some punishment first. So, I assume you're staying?"
"Absolutely"
*later*
Fuck, how long was that thing still using me after I passed out?!