***In Memory ofDoccis, a great writer with an even greater imagination. The previous Chapters can be found on Doccis's Literotica page***
Author's Note: It is recommended to read the previous chapters of this story if you have not done so already to better understand the storyline and characters...
*
Jen's mind had been focused on nothing but sex since she had arrived home from her trip to Los Angeles. Her thoughts were a chaotic whirlwind, unable to fixate upon any one thought for barely a second before another thought intruded in to her consciousness. The last week had been something beyond her imagination, completely unbelievable—flying out to DSA headquarters and being fucked by Tim on the plane; finger-fucked by Mr. DeWight several times throughout the week; her photo-shoots where she had not only masturbated in front of the camera, but fucked a male porn star, as well as her own sexy assistant! Her mind then flooded with flashbacks of her gangbang, replaying the events of being fucked over and over in the pussy, mouth, and ass by the five male porn stars.
And it was not just her mind betraying her, as each memory causing her body to react as well—heat building up between her legs, her pulse racing through her system, her breath so shallow she could barely catch it before another wave of desire enveloped her, and her breasts, aching and sore, yearning for a man's touch.
Try as she might, Jen could not stop the sordid cascade of thoughts popping into her head.
Currently, her mind centered around the FBI agent, Nick Gastinov. He had been caught by Mr. DeWight in her house as he checked on the surveillance equipment. Even though he was more of a computer geek than actual field agent, his training had kicked in and it was only his quick thinking—monopolizing on Mr. DeWight's mistake in his identity—which had saved her cover. Unfortunately, her ruse was now even more complicated, Nick now playing as her fiancé. And as part of that ruse, he had made sure to end up fucking her.
His argument was compelling. Knowing Mr. DeWight had bugged her room in his mansion, the FBI agent had been easily able to convince her to act the full role as his fiancée. And to her horror, she had reveled in the intimacy, not only enjoying the sex, but having multiple incredible orgasms with each violating thrust of the agent's cock inside her.
Once more tried to push her thoughts in a different direction; however, once again as one scene exited, another quickly filled that void.
Suddenly her mind was filled with images of the shower she had taken before flying back to Oregon. She thought of Mr. DeWight joining her in the spacious and extravagant shower area, fucking her until she could barely walk.
And again, she had enjoyed every single thrust!
Counting of the number of times she had sex this past week, her mind reeled at realizing she had been fucked over a dozen times—by at least eight different men! Not to mention masturbating or getting off from somebody else touching her at least another half dozen times!
The past week was almost surreal, a sick and twisted dream where she had been the main character of a demented porn movie, sexually used over and over in a world where lust and sex dominated her entire life.
Unfortunately, the sobering truth was it was all too real—sex DID dominate her life now. As a Divine Silk Attractions spokesmodel, she was the living breathing embodiment of all DSA stood for in adult entertainment—sex, pornography, strip clubs, and prostitution—and due to her contract, her body was no longer her own. It did not matter if she had not entered this world willingly, being drugged and seduced into signing the illicit contract, it ultimately gave DSA full rights to her body. She could no longer refuse, as balking at anything she was asked to do could result in her being sued by the company for all she and Dan was worth.
The stark reality was she was now a highly paid whore, a porn star expected to have sex when and where she was told.
And to compound such a horrific reality, her body was enjoying it!
Muddying the waters even further was her agreement to be an informant for the FBI, investigating Mr. DeWight for a multitude of crimes including slavery, murder, extortion, and rape. It had been through this agreement Jen had grudgingly agreed to accept with her role as a DSA spokesmodel, her position granting her access to areas of DSA the FBI had not been able to access with their own agents.
The combination of her DSA contract and agreeing to spy for the FBI had her trapped in an overwhelming pit of sexual exploitation. And she had to reluctantly acquiescence, as it allowed her to move around the company unnoticed, able to keep her eyes and ears open—while keeping her legs open as well—for anything incriminating Mr. DeWight of his crimes.
While most of her thoughts centered on sex and her sordid predicament, a small part of her mind continuously thought about Dan, her true love and actual fiancé. Dan had grown up with Mr. DeWight, being verbally and mentally abused throughout his life. Dan had thought that hellish part of his life had been over; however, he was once again reunited with his lifetime rival, having to sit back as his rival sexually abused and debased his own fiancée right before him!
It would have been one thing for her to be undercover and Dan unaware of her degradation, but unfortunately, he too had agreed to becoming an informant for the FBI. In a twisted set of circumstances, seeming a good idea at the time, she and Dan had kept their relationship a secret from Mr. DeWight. The FBI now encouraged the ruse, as it gave her and Dan the ability to spy on different aspects of DeWight's company. Dan—being a childhood 'friend' of Mr. DeWight—was now one of DeWight's closest-working employees, able to spy directly upon whatever DeWight was involved in. Unfortunately, being so close to Mr. DeWight meant he could only sit back and bite his tongue as Jen was demeaned, abused, and manipulated in a world of sexual depravity before him.
Everything happening to her was a nightmare become reality. And making matters worse, what had been done to her was not the worst thing to happen. The most frightening thing in her set of circumstances was discovering her body enjoyed her degradation, betraying her mind by eagerly responding to the abuse by the men around her.
While entangled by circumstances through the combination of Mr. DeWight's and the FBI expectations of her, it was her own body's animalistic cravings which frightened her the most. There had not been one instance where she had stood her ground, instead giving in to her use, resulting in some of the most intense orgasms she had ever experienced.
Once again counting the number of times she had been exploited, degraded, and sexually abused throughout the week, she was ashamed to admit she could not even begin to enumerate the number of orgasms she had experienced. Her body had betrayed her repeatedly, succumbing to each sexual assault even as her mind screamed "No!" Inevitably, her body's response overpowered her mind, giving in to her sexual releases each and every time.
Her body's reaction was shameful, and after only one week of sexual exploitation, she seemed conditioned the carnal expectations of her position, becoming aroused almost instantly at even a simple look from any man around her. Her mind's protests had lost its fight and she no longer had any conviction in pushing back at whatever Mr. DeWight made her do—in stark contrast to her reluctance even one week ago.
What was happening to her? The question shot through her mind over and over, a mantra she had no answer for.
Her life as a stripper had accustomed her to exposing herself before strangers, even how to deal with the occasional intimate grope. She was not naïve knowing what men wanted or thought about her—men had always craved her body. Becoming a stripper was sort of an acceptance at being a sexual icon.
But things had taken and exponentially new level, thrown deeper and deeper into the adult entertainment world. She had sunken into a depravity she was not certain she could ever get out of, immersed in a web of deception, degradation, and smut she had barely known existed, much less expected herself to be subjected towards, and enjoyed it!
Hundreds of years of emerging women's rights and freedom had been completely obliterated, evaporating within moments at the signing of her name to a piece of paper, becoming nothing more than a mere plaything to the men around her.
Her body's acceptance—and even anticipation—of each degrading act was beyond distressing, it horrified her.
Ever since leaving Mr. DeWight's mansion, her body had been perpetually aroused, in a continual state of sexual craving and lascivious yearning she could barely ignore. And it became heightened by the slightest of things—the looks of her chauffer as he drove her to the airport; the stares of men and women as she walked through the terminal, wearing a dress revealing more skin than it covered. She remembered how aroused she had become on the plane when she realized she had at least two different men's ejaculate inside her at the same time—possibly more!
During each circumstance her body betrayed her morals, her entire being unceasingly stimulated. Her nipples had never been so hard for so long in her life, throbbing in pain at their loose confinement within her dress. The sensation had been so unbearable that as soon as she had arrived home she had stripped naked. And even that had not provided relief, as the cool air stimulated them even further.
The entire day Jen could barely catch her breath, her breathing so shallow even minor exertion such as getting in and out of the cab caused her to pant. She had blushed in shame at the cab driver's delighted looks as she panted worse than a dog in heat the entire ride home, her breasts rising and falling emphatically with each breath—his interest only exasperating the issue.
And then there was the continuous swamp between her legs, the meager thong worn on the plane becoming drenched with arousal, the incriminating moisture spreading across her crotch and inner thighs to the point where she imagined squishing noises as she walked.
As much sex as she had been subjected to, one would think her to be satiated; however, Jen was even more aroused and lustful. She was becoming that which Mr. DeWight expected of her, her mind and body betraying her as every man and woman she looked at turned into somebody she imagined fucking or sucking.
Arriving home, she had done nothing to alleviate her sexual energy, refusing to give in to her desires, denying validation of her use over the week. She was ashamed at becoming the type of woman Mr. DeWight wanted her to be, praying for some semblance of normalcy to come back into her life. She had attempted cleaning the house; however, even the pair of lacy boy shorts she had worn had aroused her, and common household chores did nothing to abate the struggle of ignoring what was happening to her.
Her diversionary tactics did not last long when she remembered her entire house was under surveillance—not only by the FBI, but by Mr. DeWight as well. Such thoughts caused her imagination to roam wild. The knowledge of being watched as she moved around her house virtually naked fed her exhibitionistic side, and she began treating her house cleaning as if she was working at the club, purposely on display. Her steps were more pronounced, her movements more fluid, she became obsessed with wanting to show whomever was watching how sexy and desirable she was.
Once the house was cleaned—taking less time than she wanted as being gone for the whole week meant there was little to clean—Jen spent some time looking through her closet and drawers at her new clothes.
Her first impression was awe, amazed to see all the clothing being high quality and recognizing several designer names. She had been given a small fortune in new clothing, even though she recalled Tim's comment on how most of the clothing had been provided without cost.
Like the clothes given to her at the hotel, all the items were obviously selected to maximize her curves and reveal her body. Being a stripper for so many years, Jen had accumulated what she had believed to be a large volume of 'slutty' clothes—more than any of the other girls at the club owned; however, now her entire wardrobe consisted of such items, amazed at the quantity of skimpy and sexy outfits provided to her.
She was ashamed to admit liking the selections grudgingly admitting as bad as Mr. DeWight was morally, he had a sense for fashion and was able to pick out clothing to maximize a woman's beauty.
She was saddened at the loss of her previous clothing items, as many of those outfits had been picked by Dan, and their absence seemed to distance his presence even more. Her thoughts again turned to her fiancé, the thoughts a lifeline anchoring her sanity in this new life. Very few of her old clothing items had not been removed, and those small tokens of her past comforted her—until she realized they remained only because they were like the other clothes, skimpy enough to fall into line with Mr. DeWight's image of her, that of a slut whose only purpose was to pleasure men.
Sifting through the new outfits was the best diversion she had from thinking about her body's continued state of yearning, as what woman could pass up admiring new clothes and shoes given to her, even if they were intended to display and advertise her body.
Her new wardrobe was so extensive it was not until late in the evening she finished and made dinner—still practically naked due to her body's continued arousal.
She finally decided to go to bed in the hopes sleep would calm her body's desires.
Unfortunately, she could not have been more wrong, as the constraints she had placed upon her subconscious when awake were completely removed in sleep. Her dreams were filled with sexual imagery as past events played throughout her mind, along with completely new and different scenarios where her body was utterly used and degraded, over and over.
In a half-sleep, half-awake mode, Jen's body was on fire, fueled by a sexual desire she could barely control awake—asleep her lust ran rampant through her body in unbridled lust. She was vaguely aware waking up in the middle of the night feeling constrained and bound by her normal sleeping attire, quickly stripping off her lace chemise and boyshorts, as well as throwing off her covers and keeping only a thin sheet upon her before forcing herself back to sleep. As her mind sank once more into unconsciousness, she was again flooded by a deluge of sexual perversion.
At one point in her hazily sleep-induced mind, she screamed out in eager anticipation, her thoughts creating an imaginary lover. Jen sighed at the sensation of his hand grasping her breast, squeezing it gently before rasping his palm across her nipple. She was so aroused, her mind exploded in a spontaneous orgasm at the mere imagination of touch as she urged her lover's hand to continue touching her.
She moaned in yearning as the dreamlike hand released its firm grasp of her breast, only to groan once again in enticing in desire as the apparition's hand moved between her legs. In a sexual mental fog Jen eagerly spread her legs, allowing her dream lover full access to her drenched slit while she thrashed upon the bed.
She screamed out in ecstasy as her imagination created an almost lifelike pair of lips enveloping her breast, hard chisel-like teeth clamping down upon her nipple as the phantasm's fingers plunged into her core.
Jen had never been so aroused and lustful during a wet dream, blaming her past week's abuse as the cause of her subconscious mind's' complete lack of suppressing her lust, even as she was brought to the brink of an orgasmic release, moaning plaintively in yearning as the hand pulled away from her.
Her despair was brief as her imaginary lover moved between her legs, eagerly spreading them wider, and she wanted nothing more than to have him inside her.
And then it happened.
Jen grunted as an intense orgasm overwhelmed her the instant her dream lover's cock plunged into her eager core, filling her completely with his manhood. In her dream, the rapid intrusion caused no pain, only pure pleasure as the cock drove deeply into her wet cunt.
Jen raised her hips to take him completely, thrusting upwards into his pelvis as her head exploded in a new orgasm, combining with her initial one, as she screamed even louder, barely sane as the two orgasms overrode each other. The cock moved in and out of her, and those orgasms were followed by a third, then a fourth, her body erupting in eagerly desired sexual release as her dream skipped any requirements for foreplay, moving straight to sexual release.
She grunted again and again as her dream lover's cock plunged into her repeatedly, her subconsciousness completing the realism as she imagined her body slammed into the mattress with each thrust, eagerly welcomed her body's use.
In her dream, time lost all meaning as the cock slammed into her core over and over, seeming to go on for an eternity.
Jen once more cried out in unbridled passion, the yell echoing through the room, her dream so real she even heard the bed groan in protest at the ferocity of her lover's use of her. Her body exploded in an orgasm so intense, she knew it was only possible in dreams, feeling her entire being erupting as her body convulsed, an uncontrolled epileptic fit of sexual release flooding through her as she thrashed upon the bed.
The orgasm was so intense, Jen screamed out loud once again, immediately opening her eyes as Nick leaned over her, his cock slamming into her core again and again while her body shook and thrashed uncontrollably from its actual release.
"Oh, Jesus Christ, fuck me!" Jen screamed through her orgasms as the FBI agent's cock pummeled into her.
Jen grasped ahold of the man's arms while her legs hooked around his thighs, driving her hips into him with each furious thrust, fucking him as vigorously as he fucked her.
"That's it baby, fuck me. Fuck me!" she cried out again and again.
Suddenly Nick grunted, slamming his cock into her one final time as Jen felt her womb heat up from his ejaculate, his cock spurting deeply within her. The sensation sent off another wave of orgasmic spasms as her pussy uncontrollably convulsed, squeezing and contracting around the male member, milking it of every precious drop as she held on tightly to his body, letting the peak of her release flow through her as the agent's cum infused her.
Nick's weight dropped upon her and she let out a breath of escaped air, the weight of his body welcomed as their sweaty skin merged.
It was only then, in the slow calm of their post-coital release that she realized this was not a dream, her eyes opening wide in surprise as his mouth suddenly covered her own.
Her mind in shock, Jen did not even think as her tongue and lips eagerly accepted the FBI agent's oral invasion, her arms wrapping tighter around the sweaty man's body as her legs remained locked around the back of his knees, keeping him inside of her.
Jen's body continued to be overwhelmed by her massive sexual releases as Nick's tongue danced with hers. She moaned into his mouth as he slowly pushed his cock further into her, the still-hard shaft twitching deep within her core as more of his cum released inside her.
How long they lay there, their bodies entwined in a passionate tangle of sweaty limbs she did not know, but eventually their breathing slowed, and Nick pulled back his hips. An involuntarily moan escaped Jen's mouth as he moved away and rolled off her, lying next to her in bed.
Instantly the cool air of the ceiling fan hit her naked body, the mixture of their sweat slowly evaporating from her body as she laid spread-eagled upon the bed, panting. Compared to the tense state her body had been in before she had gone to bed, her body was now a flaccid calm, as warm rivulets of cum slowly leak out her pussy, rolling down the crack of her ass, eventually soaking in to her sheets.
"Welcome home," the agent chuckled beside her after a few minutes of recuperative silence.
It was then reality flooded her consciousness, the cool growing wet spot beneath her ass and her body's post-coital release clearing away any remnants of sleep. What happened had not been a dream!
In anger she jumped out of bed, standing naked over the smiling man in fury, even as his cum slowly dribbled down the inside of her legs.
"What the fuck are you doing?" she screamed, her body's release now on the backburner as anger overwhelmed her.
"Hunh?" the agent said, looking at her sleepily as she stood over him.
"I said what the fuck are you doing here?" she spat out again, not willing to give his testosterone-induced sleep any leeway.
"Chill out babe," the agent said. "I only wanted to welcome you home," he smiled languidly.
"Don't babe me," she spat. "How the hell did you get in?" she asked.
"Uh, hello?" the agent said to her, his eyes opening wider as he became more awake, realizing he would not be getting a post-coital nap. "Let me introduce myself," he said sarcastically, "I'm Nick Gastinov, your fiancé. And I used my own fucking key to get in here with. What's wrong with you honey?" he asked angrily.
Jen saw his eyes and head make a brief nod to the right of the room, and her anger immediately sobered. Once again reality crashed down upon her as she understood they were being watched by Mr. DeWight's cameras. The circumstances of what her life had become finally returned to the forefront of her mind as she woke up completely.
"I'm..." she said with hesitation.
Looking down at the naked man, his flaccid member glistening with her own body's release as it draped across his thigh, Jen could not form any words.
"Sorry?" the agent chuckled below her, knowing she was looking at his nakedness and not making any attempt to cover himself up.
And why should he, Jen realized. He was supposedly her fiancé, the man she was planning to spend her life with, so why would he not be comfortable around her undressed.
She realized she herself had not covered up, standing before him completely naked, yet she did not feel uncomfortably, even as his use of her was readily apparent between her glistening legs. Her own subconsciousness accepted being naked in front of him, their previous intimacy causing her to be as comfortable in front of him as a longtime lover.
To Mr. DeWight or whomever he had watching the video feeds, their sex would have been normal, even expected, not the violation it truly was and the reason she had sprang out of bed.
"Yeah, sorry," she said absently as her mind swirled in a million directions.
Of course, it would be perfectly normal for her 'fiancé' to welcome her home after her trip—even having already seen her the day before. Having sex with him would be nothing unusual—even anticipated. Their furious lovemaking, his body intimately merging with hers, would be something completely normal for an engaged couple.
What bothered her was the obvious fact they were NOT engaged, and had only met a week ago. Yet her body had eagerly welcomed him. Jen did not know at what point her dream became reality, but one thing was certain—she had willingly and eagerly received the fucking her body had craved.
And it had been fantastic! Even now, her stance was wobbly as she stood next to the bed, barely able to keep on her feet after such an intense release. She was ashamed to have experienced one of the most intense orgasm ever in her life. And with a stranger, not Dan.
Immediately melancholy and overwhelming guilt at what was happening in her life hit her. It was a sad state of affairs when her body was so accessible and eagerly used by a man—and not the one she wanted to spend her life with.
It should be Dan lying upon the bed. Then she would not be standing at there in regret, instead cuddling and spooning in each other's arms as they descended from their sexual high, more than likely repeating their reunion again and again throughout the day.
Her thoughts from the previous day returned, the sobering truth of her new reality visibly apparent, she was now standing naked with a strange man's cum draining out of her vagina and down the inside of her legs, that very man pretending to be her 'fiancé,' who had fucked her as she eagerly gave in to him, regardless of what she knew to be the truth.
Her body continued to betray her, as even now the sight of the naked man lying in front of her heated her loins, testing her self-control as her mind tried to hold back her body's desire to be riding the agent's cock.
Jen's life was out of control, being thrown every which way but in the direction she and Dan had begun walking together years ago. It should be him she was giving her body to; Dan should be here with her, not living in some apartment pretending they were not together. Jen should not be sleeping with an officer of the law sworn to protect her, eagerly letting him slake his sexual release upon her in the guise of being her fiancé.
But now she was not in charge of her life. Mr. DeWight controlled who, what, when, and how she would be sexually used, with no regard to herself or her emotions. She was not a human being, but a DSA spokesmodel, a thing to be exploited and used without regard to her own feelings.
Once more her mind swirled around in thought, thinking about the man in front of her, fucking her whenever he felt in the pretense of "the law" and convincing people they were engaged. Mr. DeWight was not the only one controlling her like a puppet on strings, the FBI and every man she now met expected to control her. Her role as a DSA spokesmodel was to accept and please them, whether it was a stranger or her so-called 'fiancé.'
She yearned for some control of her life, even tiniest aspect, feeling it would make her circumstances more bearable. In the past when she felt like this, she and Dan had sometimes called a 'cooling off' period, staying apart from each other for a period until they felt they could contain their emotions once again.
Her mind suddenly stopped on that thought, the beginnings of a plan formulating in her mind. She did not need to fuck the FBI agent to maintain the illusion of being engaged, grasping on the thought like a lifeline from the swirling uncontrollable whirlwind of events she had been tossed into. She had such little control over her life, particularly Mr. DeWight dictating who she fucked for her job, but her personal life should be more manageable, even if it was built off of make-believe principles.
And Jen needed control back into her life, she needed something she could state unequivocally was her own decision, one made for the betterment of herself and her engagement with her real fiancé, not some last-minute replacement she had no say in.
Noticing her deep in thought, the naked FBI agent asked once again, "Are you all right babe?"
He rolled onto his side, propping his head up on his arm, and Jen could not help but look down as his cock draped in front of him. Even flaccid it was a respectable six or seven inches, and Jen remembered how deep it had entered her, going further into her than Dan's cock had ever gone.
She immediately admonished the direction of her train of thought. Dan was the one she wanted to spend her life with, and he had never failed to please her. When you loved somebody, size truly did not matter. Dan was a much better lover, never failing to please her, and Jen was ashamed the direction her thoughts had taken, forcing her eyes away from the naked man's privates.
She turned her gaze to the FBI agent's face, him watching her with a grin, obviously knowing where her eyes as been. A blush covered her body as the agent slowly lowered his own eyes, his gaze focusing first upon her bare breasts, before drifting down to her crotch, his wicked smile growing even bigger, knowing he was looking at the streaks of cum leaking out of her, slowly rolling down the insides of her thighs.
Although humiliated, Jen did not cover herself up. What was the point? She was a stripper, and being naked before strange men was a job requirement. Besides, she already had sex with Nick several times, it was too late to become conscientious. After all she had been through this last week, standing naked in front of a man after sex was the least of her concerns. Not to mention, any sudden hint of modesty before her 'fiancé' could blow their cover if Mr. DeWight became suspicious.
For probably the thousandth-time, thoughts of her life spinning out of control came to mind, reaffirming her desire to take back some of that control as her earlier idea came back.
"I think we should stop," she said tentatively, as if testing the water for the agent's agreement.
"Hunh?" the agent asked, reopening his eyes, closed due to the post-coital flood of hormones lulling him to sleep.
"I think we should stop having sex," Jen said louder.
This was not her fiancé, she thought with conviction. He was a sworn officer of the law, so he would not force her. And she had witnesses—Mr. DeWight was not the only one who had installed surveillance equipment in the house. In fact, she wagered a guess the FBI's equipment was even more state-of-the-art than her boss', which included the jewelry surveillance equipment she had been wearing and the vibrating tattoo on her back.
"Uh, maybe our previous introduction didn't sink in," the agent said with a grin. "Nick? Remember? Fiancé?" he said with a knowing smile.
"I'm serious Nick," she said with more confidence.
Knowing there were others listening to their conversation, Jen had to make her idea to suddenly stop having sex with her 'fiancé' as plausible as possible.
"Remember how we talked about taking things slower when it got close to our wedding?" she asked, looking at him deliberately.
She and Dan had never discussed such an arrangement, but the FBI agent would not have been privy to that information.
"Uh, sort of," he said tentatively, obviously having to play along.
Jen smiled, confirming her suspicion.
"Well, I think it's a good idea," she said with more conviction. "Especially with all the shit going on with my job, I think it would be good if we took a break. Then when we are finally together, everything will be new and as exciting as it was when we first met," she said firmly.
"Wait a minute," the agent said, now fully awake. "You're telling me while you fuck around with any dick your boss DeWight throws in front of you, you aren't going to spend any time with me? You know, the man you plan to spend your life with?" he asked.
"You don't have to get vulgar about it," she said, becoming angry. Even if he was not her real fiancé, she was not going to put up with him being discourteous. "It's only until we're married," she told him.
Once again, her need to control even one small part of her life, to prevent even one aspect of the sexually depravity in her life, became her goal as she nodded adamantly to the naked agent.
"I think now more than ever it's a good idea," she told him. "The last thing we need is for us comparing what is happening to me at DSA and have it interfering with our personal life. Particularly knowing what I will be doing, I think it would be good not having either of us concerned about what I was involved in when we're together," she said, trying to make her reason plausible—not only to the FBI agent, but to whomever else may be listening.
"You are the one I want to spend my life with," she said, picturing herself stating those words to Dan instead of Nick, "and I don't want all the shit going on to creep into that reality. Things should quiet down once we're married, so we can hopefully get back on track with our lives," she told him. "But right now, everything is just too overwhelming. Right now, I'm a new commodity, and honestly, I need to come home to rest," she told him, "not to be pressured into pleasing you as well."
She was saddened at how true her words actually were—there was no telling what Mr. DeWight had in store for her, and she was helpless to control that. Having sex with the FBI agent was something she could halt, allowing her come home as a safe haven away from the sexual assault her body would receive while at work. Being able to control even this one aspect of her life was suddenly crucial. If Jen accepted the FBI agent's advances as with everything else, what did that say about her engagement to Dan and her oath of love for him? If she had the remotest possibility of being able to stop having sex from somebody, it was her moral imperative to do so.
"So, you're saying you don't want to have sex with me," the agent said dejectedly.
The tone of the agent's voice caused Jen to look at him in surprise. Surely, he could not be so self-absorbed to think this was about him, she thought? Yet as she looked at the computer geek and saw his downhearted face, she realized it was the truth.
"I did not say that," she smiled, sitting down next to him on the bed. "I just think we should take it easy for now, until things settle down with work and we can enjoy each other's company forever," she said, looking back at him.
Jen knew the conversation was being monitored by not only by Mr. DeWight, but the FBI, and she hoped the computer techie would not seem too needy to his peers. Now she not only had to affirm her control with her life, but had the added complication of smoothing the agent's ego.
"So, you won't have sex with me, but you're still going to fuck any guy you are told to in front of a camera?" he asked angrily. "I don't see how I should be the one punished for being in a relationship with a porn star while some stranger can have his way with you anytime," he spat at her.
Jen was confused, uncertain if the agent was playing along with their cover and putting up an affront to her suggestion or genuinely upset. If he was playing along, he was certainly believable, but based upon the tone of his voice and expression, she believed he was truly upset.
She smiled and looked at the agent for a long time before replying, hoping he would understand the truth.
"You know there's nothing I can do about that," she told him. "You read the contract, and although it seems completely illegal—not to mention immoral—to bind me into a contract where I am forced to have sex and be nothing more than a sexual plaything, the language is pretty clear. I have to follow Mr. DeWight's 'artistic direction' without refusal, even if it amounts to nothing more than prostitution. If I took the contract to court, I could state over and over until I was blue in the face under oath he was forcing me to have sex against my will, the sad fact is I signed a contract to be a porn actress, and there is no misunderstanding or ambiguity as to what that role implies," she said with exasperation, voicing the words she had been thinking to herself all this week. "I cannot control what he does," she said hopelessly, looking directly at the agent in appeal, "but I need some control in my life right now. Please. Let's do this," she said. "For me."
She stared at the agent for a long time until he finally closed his eyes. His male ego would have to take the hit, as any reason for the him to disagree with her request would be frowned upon by the agency.
Then the agent opened his eyes and smiled as he said, "OK. I'll agree to it if that is your wish," he told her pleasantly, his sudden change in demeanor causing her to wonder if he had some other angle to work on, acting the part of her fiancé. "The last thing I want to do is upset my bride-to-be," he told her with another smile.
Jen sighed in relief.
But then he continued. "But this is not going to be an open-ended agreement," he told her. "You said when we talked about this last time, it was in preparation for us getting married, so if we're going to do this, let's set a date here and now," he smiled.
"What!" Jen exclaimed, her eyes widening in surprise at the agent's statement.
"I'm willing to give in to this 'no sex' thing," he told her with a grin, "but I'm not going to sit around forever while you get your share of strange cock on the side each time you go to work," he said. "If you want us to abstain, then you need to set a date, so I know when I'll have my fiancée back," he grinned at her.
"That's not fair," Jen said in protest.
The man's request was a complete shock. Of course, if they were really engaged the request would not be unreasonable, particularly under the circumstances which she had given.
"No, it's not fair that I have to be the one punished, abstaining from sex with my own fiancée while she can get off anytime at work," Nick replied. Jen opened her mouth to protest, but he held up his hand, "No. Don't even deny on some primitive biological level you don't enjoy what you're doing. I know more than anybody your sexual appetite, so don't lie to me it hasn't been a turn-on knowing other men have been lusting after you," he told her. "But up until now, you have always come home to me, and I've been able to slack off my own lust thinking about you with other men. If you are going to stop the one outlet I have, then I want us to set a date now on our wedding, so I have a finite sentence," he said.
Jen was overwhelmed. Her mind could barely grasp around the concept of talking about an imaginary wedding. This was NOT her fiancé; however, his words echoed with a humiliating truth, and was very similar to what Dan would say. Now the tables were turned on her, and she was keenly aware of other ears listening to her reply. If Nick was truly her fiancé, his request would not be deemed unreasonable.
But she was not about to have some mock wedding with an FBI agent simply because he wanted to fuck her!
"But...but," she stuttered, finally saying, "But we said we needed to make sure we had enough money," she told him, falling back upon the exact reason her and Dan had not yet set a date.
She did not bother mentioning her plans of going back to school, as any future her and Dan had planned was nullified by her contract with DSA, preventing her from quitting her job which had been a prerequisite to going back to school, or for any plans they had in the future.
"Yes, and you told me Mr. DeWight gave you twenty-five thousand dollars last week—not to mention the ten-thousand-dollar-check you got earlier," Nick said with a grin. "Thirty-five thousand dollars goes a long way in planning a wedding, paying off our bills, and leaving plenty to spare for us to be comfortable," he told her.
Jen's eyes open wide in surprise at the agent's knowledge of her finances. She had not mentioned the latest check even to Dan, and she realized the FBI knew more about her than her own fiancé. She was literally caught between a rock and a hard place. And the agent was correct, that amount of money would be more than enough to pay off her and Dan's debts and settle down.
Being out of other ideas, she lowered her eyes in concession as she asked the FBI agent, "What do you want?"
Nick smiled, knowing he had won a victory. He reached for her hand and pulled her down to him until she was lying against his chest, his arm draped around her as his hand gently cupped her breast.
Jen shuddered involuntarily at the intimate skin-on-skin contact.
"What I want is to be able to make love to my fiancé," Nick said closely in her ear, giving her breast a playful squeeze. "But since that isn't happening, how about we plan on our wedding right after your tour?" he told her.
Jen turned to look at him in surprise.
"As much as Mr. DeWight is throwing money at you, you'll probably get another check by then anyways," he said with a shrug, "so we'll have more than enough to pay for everything, as a decent nest egg," he told her with a grin.
Once again Jen felt her control slipping away. She may have won a small battle cutting off the FBI agent's use of her body, but it was only a temporary reprieve. And now there was another complication in her life—planning a fake wedding.
What was being asked of her was not unreasonable—if the naked FBI agent pressing against her was her actual fiancé. Her main concern was not knowing how long this façade would continue. The FBI agents had told her they had been investigating Mr. DeWight for years, yet it had not sunk into her mind how long-term her commitment might be—she could possibly be Mr. DeWight's sexual slave for years!
Unbidden she recalled the fantastic sex she had just experienced with the agent, her body once again betraying her. The intimate proximity to his naked body, as well as his hand idly stroking her skin was relaxing. Even in her mind there was a small part of her brain rebelling at rejecting such an accomplished lover.
Attempting to push the betraying thoughts from her mind, she tried to turn her thoughts towards Dan.
Jen let out an involuntary sigh as Nick's tongue ran across her shoulder. Without thinking, she tilted her head, allowing the agent to continue his wet glide up the nape of her neck, moaning as he lightly bit her neck.
She could feel her pussy getting wetter, Nick's earlier release mixing with her new arousal as she felt herself heat up again.
"Fine," she said, trying to get back to the original discussion.
The agent's body pressed against her, spooning with her, their skin against each other for the full length of their bodies, an intense heat passing back and forth between them in a sensual meld.
She moaned as Nick's lips ran across her ear, his arms pulling her closer to him. She could feel his cock harden against the back of her leg, but after their agreement, she knew nothing would come of it.
She was startled when the agent whispered in her ear, soft enough it would be impossible for the listening devices in her room to hear. "I know this is tough, and I promise we'll try to work something out. Maybe we can plan some sort of switcheroo or something and get you and Dan hitched in private," he whispered. "Just give me some time to work on it," he told her quietly.
Had the agent purposely been acting as the jilted lover? If so, he had fooled even her, and she nodded in understanding at the agent's comment, thankful he understood.
And then Jen's mind shattered into a zillion exploding stars, a guttural groan escaping her throat as Nick pushed his hips forward. In one single motion, his hardened cock slid up the back of her leg, parting her wet slit, and entered her wetted heated core!
Jen's mind felt like it had been shorted out like an electrical circuit board. Even as her mind went blank, her body knew exactly what to do as her previous arousal once again came to the forefront.
She groaned, letting out a punctual grunt as Nick slowly pulled back, and then slammed his cock fully in to her from behind. Grasping her breast tightly he began moving his hips, sliding his cock magnificently in and out of her pussy.
"You agreed no more sex," she grunted mournfully in response to his strokes.
Her mind was at odds with the fantastic feeling of the agent inside her, their previous discussion evaporating. In shame and complete contradiction to her own intentions, Jen began moving her hips, matching the agent's thrusts, her body meeting his in a now all too familiar dance.
Jen groaned as the FBI agent began slamming his cock into her with brutal force, her ass cheeks vibrating from the thrusts as he told her, "I said I would agree to no more sex after we set a date. We have yet to do that, so I am taking advantage of the situation," he chuckled as his cock slid out and slammed back into her again.
Before Jen could say anything else the agent rolled forward, turning her on her stomach and pinning her body to the bed.
Jen let out an abrupt scream of ecstasy into her pillow as the young man began thrusting vigorously into her, over and over, the loud succinct 'Slap! Slap! Slap!' of his body slamming against her own filling the room as he fucked her mercilessly.
As much as she wanted to rebel against another sexual encounter with the FBI agent, Jen's body gave in shamelessly, barely aware of her actions her ass thrusted back to meet each of the agent's thrusts, her pussy eagerly grasping the shaft of flesh within it, as if for dear life.
One thing Dan had discovered long ago was although it may take time for Jen to get sexually aroused, once she reached that peak, it took even longer for her to come down from it. Half a day could have gone by and her body would still eagerly accept the agent's carnal assault. It being less than an hour since their last tryst, there was no hesitation as she succumbed to lust, welcoming this invasion of the long cock into her.
With the agent's body pinning her to the bed, Jen could only lie there as her body was repeatedly slammed into the mattress as the FBI agent used her mercilessly. It was not long before her mind completely surrendered to libidinous need, forgetting their agreement, forgetting her desire for control. There was no doubt her screams were those of pure pleasure to anybody listening. She was giving in willingly, without any refusal or non-consent as she was ruthlessly fucked, all she knew was the building orgasm looming up within her.
And when the orgasms released within her, Jen's entire body shook uncontrollably, shivering and convulsing from the multiple releases. She had absolutely no control of her body—and still the FBI agent continued his violation of her, his hard shaft pummeling into her over and over.
Jen screamed into her pillow, her throat becoming raw as came continuously, even begging for him to stop—not because of their agreement, but for the simple selfish reason of being overwhelmed by orgasms and unable to ride out an individual orgasm before another shattered through her. She wanted to have a chance at taking control of her body.
The agent did not heed her cries. Instead of slowing down to let her ride out her orgasms, his thrusts went even faster, so vigorous she could barely register which direction his cock was moving inside her, feeling only a continuous friction against her vaginal walls.
Her mind exploded with orgasm after orgasm, followed by another, then more, each climax impossibly more powerful than the previous. Jen's mind entered an almost cathartic state, her body and mind so wracked and overcome by sexual release, she lost track of time and space, barely able to breathe. Her throat was hoarse, and her screams became almost silent in her pillow as the multiple orgasms shattered through her. The only thing she was aware of beyond her body's uncontrollable convulsions was the FBI agent's cock, which became the center of her universe.
Finally, after what seemed hours, or maybe weeks, Nick slammed into her one final time, his cock erupting inside her and filling her birth canal with even more of his potent hot seed, but she was barely aware of the agent's release as her body continued shaking uncontrollably.
Jen was uncertain if she passed out or entered a fugue state, but the next thing she was aware of was the FBI agent getting up and walking into the bathroom. She heard the shower turn on while she laid on the bed, her face still buried in her pillow, her legs spread apart as her vaginal muscles continued quivering, her body still in the residual throes of her orgasms. She could feel the warm sensation of the agent's ejaculate slowly spilling out of her used slit to soak in to the already soiled bedsheets.
She must have fallen asleep, wakening to Nick leaning over and kissing her on the cheek. He was fully dressed.
"I have to go out of town for a few days for work, so I may not be able to say goodbye when you leave in the middle of the week for LA," he told her, as Jen's mind attempted to ground herself upon reality.
It took her a moment to clear the sleep from her head as she remembered she would be flying out in the middle of the week in preparation for her syndication party, as she nodded in understanding.
"In the meantime," he told her, "remember this morning, and if you still want to put a hold on things, set a date and I'll accept whatever you decide," he told her, again kissing her goodbye, this time also patting her ass cheek playfully.
And then he was gone, leaving her lying upon the bed naked, spent, and very much satiated.
********************
Jen woke up a few hours later, three words coming to mind.
What. The. Fuck.
It was as much a question as an exclamation as she laid upon the bed in the same position the FBI agent had taken her—on her stomach, her legs spread apart, her arms extended around her head as it lay face down on the pillow.
Her mind was in complete turmoil, not understanding what had happened. One minute the agent had been agreeing to her suggestion of abstaining from sex, and the next moment he had been giving her one of the best fucks of her life.
Jen could not deny the overwhelming pleasure he had brought her that evening. First, she had awakened to an incredible lovemaking session, the FBI agent giving her one of the most intense orgasms ever, and then this last session, taking her from behind, ruthlessly fucking her until she had literally passed out from exhaustion.
She had never been subjected to so many simultaneous orgasms in her life, and she numbly thought it had been a good thing she was lying down, as her legs felt like rubber—her whole body was consumed by the resultant languor from so many sexual releases. She was completely incapacitated, paralyzed from the resultant flood of orgasm upon orgasm.
Her throat was still raw from screaming into her pillow while at the mercy of the young agent's unrelenting assault upon her. Recalling each thrust of his long cock, she felt her body quiver in remembrance of her sexual releases, recalling how each seizure overlapped as his cock slammed into her core, the long shaft sliding up her canal and smashing against her cervix over and over.
The agent's words slowly came back to her, "I said I would agree to no more sex after we set a date. We have yet to do that, so I am taking advantage of the situation."
Jen needed to find a calendar.
Slowly pulling her legs together, keenly aware of the dampened cool sheet beneath her, she was overwhelmed by the unmistakable scent of sex assaulting her nostrils. As she stretched, she was also keenly aware of the soreness inside her thighs as if she had a good workout. A small smile came to her face as she realized her crotch HAD gotten a good workout.
Gradually she pulled herself up and stood next to the bed, unsteady upon her feet.
Once more shame filled her as Jen had one of the more memorable fucks in her life and it had not been from the man she planned to spend her life with. Instead, Fate had paired her with some stranger. In fact, all the sex she had for the past few weeks—which was humiliatingly more than she had the last couple of years—were from strangers, thrown in to her life because of her unfortunate circumstances, and none it at her consent.
Dan was not a bad lover; in fact, he was exceptional, always taking time to make sure she was completely satisfied, never ceasing to please her, and Jen relished each time they made love. He always made sure she was the priority—the first to cum, the main person to please; however, there was something about just being fucked, to be used by a man solely because of her body. The men in her life lately fucked her to satisfy themselves, caring little for her own satisfaction, and it was a major turn-on.
Such feelings were not unusual, she knew, as talking with the girls at work, they all agreed there was something erotic about being taken by a man purely for his own pleasure, without any care in pleasing them.
Unfortunately, that seemed to be the new normal in Jen's life, being used without any
Absently, she reached down between her legs, her fingers sliding across the slimy wetness coating her skin—a mixture of both her own and Nick's releases. Jen gave a soft sigh as her finger slid easily between the folds of her slit, the sensation reawakening her previous desire.
She sighed again, although this time in frustration, knowing her body would be wound up sexually like a spring the rest of the day—or longer—after the sensational sex she had been subjugated to. To her shame, she could be this way even well through tomorrow!
What Jen needed was to get her mind off sex, something to divert her attention away from everything happening to her and her body, and the best way she knew to do that would be a good physical workout, letting exertion overcome her wandering thoughts. Thankfully it was Sunday, and her and the girls always met up at the club around noon for lunch and a practice session on the poles—it would be exactly what she needed.
Also, after being gone all week, she needed to see her girlfriends. She had been gone too long from her best friends, wondering what—or how much—to say to each of them to explain what was going on with her life. Mary and Denise were her closest friends, and she needed a plausible explanation on what was going on with her life, including Dan's sudden distancing from her life.
She hoped they would understand whatever lie she came up with. She needed to 'recharge' and be smothered in girl-talk, their companionship something she needed to lean upon, particularly lately. Velvet was a nice girl, and Jen was developing a good friendship with her, but she was not somebody to confide her deepest and darkest secrets to—even though she knew she could not even tell Mary or Denise the truth about what was going. She was shamed to have to lie to them, being her best friends.
Unfortunately, everything happening to her—her role in DSA as well as working with the FBI—was not something she could divulge, even to her closest friends. She had been made all too aware of the dangers with somebody like Mr. DeWight, and she could not put her friends in any danger. Yet once again, knowing she had to lie to her closest friends made Jen feel awful—almost worse than her infidelity to Dan—the stain upon her soul becoming more befouling than strangers physically using her body.
Glancing at the clock, Jen saw it was already well past ten o'clock, so made her way into the bathroom to take a long, hot shower.
Jen sighed as the warm water slowly relaxed and loosened her muscles—particularly her inner thighs, she thought shamefully—standing and letting the hot water cascade across her body.
Unbidden came the memory of her shower at Mr. DeWight's mansion, reminiscing about the shower area and how her entire body had been completely enveloped by water. Unfortunately, thoughts of Mr. DeWight's mansion and the shower led her thoughts down darker paths—remembering Mr. DeWight joining her in the shower, taking her without any resistance, his large hard cock burying itself into her repeatedly.
Jen tried to push such thoughts out of her mind as she soaped and cleaned herself off; however, as seemed to be the norm these days, it was less than compliant, her thoughts reliving the experience vividly. The memories wreaked havoc upon her already primed libido, and her body once again became aroused, her pulse pounding as her breathing became shallower. The sensation of her soapy hands moving across her body was no help, and she began to yearn for somebody to take her right then and there.
Abruptly she came to her senses, pushing her carnal thoughts from her mind. She needed to stay true to Dan! Although she may not be able to stop the debauchery brought upon her physically, she did not need to dwell upon such occurrences and let them poison her mind.
Jen turned her thoughts to Dan, picturing him in her mind, remembering all the good times they had together, and how all this was for them to be together finally. Yet even such pure thoughts brought her a tremendous sense of longing, and she wished she could see him, talk with him, and give herself freely to him.
Thankfully, her thoughts got her through her shower—even as she was douching to clean up after the FBI agent she maintained her concentration, although her body involuntarily reacted in arousal as the nozzle slide into her canal. She cursed to herself for such a simple procedure triggering a sexual response, but once more refused to dwell upon the sordid thoughts.
Finished cleaning, she stepped out of the shower, allowing the cool air to waft across her naked body, dampening her desire as she finally toweled off.
Once dry, Jen sat down at her vanity, going through the familiar mechanical motions of applying make-up. Although not working at the club until after her tour, Jen still wanted to look her best. There was always a chance one of the girls might call in sick, and if she needed to be a replacement, she might as well be ready. And even though there was plenty of make-up at the club, she always felt odd leaving the house without it—particularly when her more expensive make-up was kept at home. She may love all the girls at the club like sisters, but several of them were not the most trustworthy.
As her hands went through the familiar motions of applying make-up, Jen's mind turned towards what to wear. On Sunday practice sessions, many of the girls wore club outfits, as it allowed them to get to know how the outfits moved when they danced—particularly shoes, which were hazardous on stage if you were not familiar with them. Thinking about her new wardrobe, Jen realized she needed to 'break in' a lot of new clothes!
Like most women, she was flattered to have a completely new wardrobe, yet it was also a reminder of how much her life had changed in only a week's time.
Done with her make-up, Jen got up and opened her closet, looking through her new wardrobe. Her mind could barely come to grips at the amount of new clothes she now owned, thumbing through the hangers in her closet before turning and opening her overflowing dresser drawers. All the clothing had been neatly hung or folded, and she was momentarily bothered such a small private thing in her life had been performed by somebody else—yet one more aspect of her life she no longer controlled.
Eventually Jen found a black two-piece outfit perfect for practice. The top was a halter with a deep V-neckline fastened in the front by three button snaps. The neckline was lined by a thin metallic collar giving the outfit a spruced-up look—even for a stripper outfit—while the back had cross-over back straps.
Jen smiled to herself as she pulled her shoulders back to put it on, her breasts on full display in the mirror as she shrugged on the top, knowing if she wore that during a performance it would be a huge hit on stage as she took it off.
Once the top was fastened, she stepped into the stretchy cheeky low-rise boyshorts, pulling them up before turning back to the mirror, admiring how the tight black scrunched material outlined her ass.
The outfit was simple enough for practice, while still being the type to get good tips when working. Jen once again grudgingly gave Mr. DeWight a mental compliment for his taste in outfits.
To complete the ensemble, Jen put on a pair of thigh-high black boots—her mind feeling guilty at how nicely they felt on her. She could not afford real leather boots like this, always opting for faux leather, and realized the boots were the most expensive part of her outfit. She had priced a similar pair last year, again grudgingly giving Mr. DeWight credit for his choice in clothing as she stood up, enjoying how the leather wrapped tightly around her legs.
After calling a taxi to take her to the club, Jen packed her 'stripper essentials' bag and waited in the kitchen, her mind lost in thought about her circumstances as she drank another cup of coffee. It was not until the taxi beeped its horn outside announcing its arrival that she once more became aware of her surroundings, her thoughts completely unraveled on what was happening to her as she locked the door and got into the cab.
Jen's mind was a in a continuous whirlwind of thoughts, barely acknowledging the cab driver as she gave him the club's address before, once more deep in thought. It was not until they pulled on to the highway and was heading into town that she became aware of the silence in the cab. Looking up, she saw the cab driver staring at her in the rearview mirror.
Seeing his gaze, she had a sudden flashback to the previous week, thinking of Darryl, her limousine driver, doing the same thing although then she had been changing in the backseat.
Suddenly, to her horror, she realized she was wearing her stripper outfit without any cover!
Normally if she wore an outfit to the club, Jen put on a slipover dress or a sweat suit as a cover. Stripper outfits were not normal every day wear. Unfortunately, her mind had been so preoccupied, she had gotten into the cab without even bothering to cover herself up!
Seeing the driver's lust-filled gaze was like a light switch on her already aroused body. Immediately Jen felt a flush of warmth between her legs as her breasts tightened up—and she knew without even looking down and seeing the cabbie's unwavering stare that her nipples were hard as rocks, outlined prominently through her top.
Unfortunately, there was nothing she could do about her attire now other than to wait until she got to the club, ignoring the cabbie's stare.
Of course, that was easier said than done, and even though Jen made it a point to stare out the window, she was acutely aware of the man's stare in her peripheral vision.
And to her shame, although dismayed at her circumstances, her body enjoyed the attention.
Her body's reaction bothered her, just as it had when she had been exposed to her limousine driver Darryl the week before. And like then, Jen was confused by her body's reaction. She was a stripper, so she should be accustomed to men's lecherous looks at her; however, as with last week's instances being on display in public, she was reacting like a proverbial bitch in heat.
Her exhibitionistic tendencies were off the chain, she thought, knowing her embarrassment was partly due to her surrounding environment, understanding where she was exposed made a lot of difference. In a club setting, she did not mind being exposed, as it was expected and something she was used to; however, like now and last week, her circumstances were in public.
And although her mind was embarrassed at her public indecency, it was glaringly overshadowed by her body's carnal reaction. Her breasts were so tight, they felt like they were literally going to explode, and her nipples were so sensitive, she could feel them pressing tightly against the material of her top without even moving.
And the warmth between her legs...it was almost unbearable.
Also, surprising and unexpected was the intensity of her response. She typically felt a thrill dancing at the club—long ago admitting to her exhibitionist tendencies—but the magnitude of her arousal now, like last week, was almost overwhelming.
She knew part of her response was due to her earlier sex with Nick; however, even taking that in to consideration, her reaction was more pronounced than usual. The same had occurred during her trip home from Los Angeles, being in the airport. Then, like now, her body felt like a tightly wound spring, her arousal triggered by the mere look of a man.
She was never more thankful at seeing the club than when the cab driver pulled to the corner, quickly getting out of the cab after handing him thirty dollars. She told him to keep the change, anxious to get away from the man's lecherous stare and not caring about how much of a tip she should give.
A part of her chastised her reaction. She was a stripper for Christ's sake, and if she were in the club, such interested looks meant a hefty tip; however, environment made all the difference. In the club, such a look was welcomed, in a public taxi, she felt humiliated.
As she shut the door to the cab and it pulled away, several flashes suddenly blinded Jen, startling her and drawing her attention completely away from thoughts about the cab driver.


"Diamond, is it true your first film 'The Homecumming' was scripted to be simulated sex , but you demanded full penetration?"
"Diamond, was Sean Steele's dick the largest you ever had?
"Diamond, did you really orgasm on set, or was it all simulated?"

The barrage of questions pummeled Jen's shocked mind as she was continuously blinded by a multitude of flashes.
It was the Paparazzi—or Pornorazzi as Mr. DeWight had jokingly called them—surprising Jen with their questions, accosting her outside the club.
Jen completely forgot about her issues with the taxi as over a dozen reporters beset her, asking questions at once and each one trying to yell over his counterpart, even as they continued to take pictures of her.
This time Mr. DeWight was not there to save her, and for a moment Jen felt like a deer in the headlights. She recalled what the Public Relations people at DSA Headquarters told her, and taking a deep breath, knew she had to answer some of their questions. I was impossible to make it into the club with the throng of reporters surrounding her.
Raising a hand, she said loudly, "Gentlemen! Please, one at a time," she told them, trying to act nonplussed. Looking at the first reporter in front of her, she smiled and said, "You."
Immediately the reporter asked her, "Miss Diamond, was Steel Rod's dick the largest you ever had?"
Up until now, Jen had only vaguely remembered Sean's porn star name. She smiled as she gathered her thoughts, figuring she should at least pose while the barrage of pictures was being taken of her.
Finally, she answered. "The biggest? No, but it was definitely a nice tight fit," she smiled, winking as several reporters—those without tape recorders or phones—hastily wrote down her words.
Pointing to the next guy, he asked, "Is it true the scene wasn't scripted for sex, but you demanded it for more realism?"
Jen blushed, recalling the frustrating attempts at getting the correct look of carnal pleasure as Melissa, her photographer, coached her. The photo shoot had called for simulated sex, but Jen was too nervous to pull off the look, and eventually had been penetrated by Sean, who mistook her frustration.
Immediately she felt her crotch warm up as she remembered the feel of his hard cock entering her.
She wondered how the reporters got their information. Other than her and Sean, there were only five other people present. She knew Melissa and Velvet would not have said anything; however, she suddenly understood by now quite a few people at DSA would probably have seen the video. Melissa had told her it would be reviewed by an editorial department, cleaning up the graphics, improving the sound, putting music to it, and so forth.
Seeing the expectant looks of the reporters around her, she finally said, "Yes, it's true the scene was not supposed to be a full penetration scene," she admitted. "I'm not a good actress, so we needed the realism to get the scene just right," she finally said.
Answering several more questions, mostly concerning her up-and-coming tour, Jen finally made her way to the club doors, feeling a wave of relief as she walked in, leaving the reporters outside even as she was pummeled by flashes from their cameras and phones through the glass doors.
She wondered if she would be beset by reporters everywhere she went, not having realized being the DSA spokesmodel would be such an interest. Yet Mr. DeWight had purposely met her at the airport expecting them, so she wondered if this was part of her new life.
Going through the lobby and entering the main area of the club, Jen suddenly realized what she was wearing, wondering what the reports thought. Of course, she WAS going to work, but again, did not normally dress in such revealing outfits. Immediately she recalled Mr. DeWight's words about her dressing the part from now on, and even though she had inadvertently done such today, she was concerned at how comfortable she was wearing it in public, wondering if she was becoming used to being on display as a DSA spokesmodel.
Her thoughts were interrupted as she walked into the club, her body assaulted by the heavy bass of music, seeing Mary already here and practicing on stage to an extended club version of Icona Pop's "I Don't Care."
Jen watched her best friend dance to the music, recognizing several moves she herself had taught her. Mary's large breasts—her thirty-six double-D's being even larger than Jen's—swayed madly in her top as she moved on the stage and pole.
Mary was wearing a three-piece set composed of a halter string bikini and a pleated micro-mini skirt. The top and bottoms of the bikini were white with black trim, and the matching micro skirt was white with a black waistband—in the black lights of the club, it glowed spectacularly. The skirt barely covered Mary's ass, showing off her bikini-clad ass and crotch fully on the stage.
Jen was intimately familiar with the outfit, as she owned three matching sets of blue, pink, and fluorescent green—or had owned she corrected herself, not knowing if she still had the outfits or not after her wardrobe change.
Mary pirouetted around the pole, still not having seen Jen walk up to the stage, so Jen cupped her hands around her mouth and shouted, "Take it off bitch!"
Mary's surprised look was only momentary—her experience quickly taking over—as she looked at Jen and smiled. Pushing herself off the pole, she strutted to where Jen was standing on the floor and lowered herself to her knees. Reaching out, she grabbed Jen's head and pulled her face into her busty chest, as both laughed.
Once Jen's head was released from the spongy cleavage, she reached into her purse and pulled out a five-dollar bill.
Still smiling, she held the bill up and shouted, "Show your tits! Show your tits!" as she waved the bill in the air.
Mary laughed, her hips still swaying to the fast song and said, "I only show my tits for ten or more," she told her best friend good-naturedly. She bust out laughing when Jen took out another five and held the two bills in the air.
Her chest bouncing from her good-natured laughing, she reached behind her and pulled on the top's strings, releasing her breasts before Jen as she lifted the top over her head, her body swaying topless to the music.
Without the confines of the bikini top, Mary's breasts moved in all directions, as if having a mind of their own while she kept her hands in the air, bouncing her body to the club beat as Jen, also laughing, threw the bills on the stage.
Finally standing up—but not before she scooped up the two bills on the stage—Mary walked over to the other side of the stage and picked up a remote control, turning off the music.
"Some tip," she grinned to her friend. "You owed me this for lunch last week," she told Jen, who laughed as Mary put her top back on.
"Why do you think they were so easy to get," Jen chuckled at her friend. "I was going to pay it back to you today."
"Of course you were," Mary said, looking at her slyly. "Now that you have such a high paying job, you can probably afford to buy us all lunch from now on. I assume those photographers outside were yours?" she asked.
"Not 'mine,'" Jen groaned, telling Mary about the reporters at the airport, as well as their ambush today.
Mary looked at her in surprise. "He actually told a reporter to feel you up at the airport?" she stated, her face showing shock.
Jen nodded. "Yeah, and there's a whole bunch of other shit I need to tell you about," she said.
Mary smiled, saying, "Well, wait until Denise gets here—she called and said she would be an hour late, which shows you some things haven't changed," she said as they both laughed.
Then her face became serious as she looked at her. "But we DO need to talk," she said to Jen. "And not with Denise, so let's go out back," she said.
Jen knew Mary was referring to the loading dock in the back of the club. It was the girls' private area, being in a gated alley so no 'admirers' could get to them, and a place the girls could smoke and talk without prying ears. Although there was a security camera, it did not have audio—used mainly to keep an eye on the back door when deliveries arrived.
As they walked through the club through the 'Staff Only' door and down the hallway to the back door, Jen's mind was filled with the various scenarios she had thought of to explain what had been happening for the last few weeks. She was so caught up in her thoughts, she was not even aware they were outside until Mary's voice caught her attention.
"OK, you need to tell me what the fuck is going on, and I mean everything. We have been through too much together for you to not explain what the Hell is going on with you and Dan, and I don't just mean your relationship, but why Mr. DeWight has basically thrown me over to Dan to be his personal fuck toy. And goddammit, whatever is going on, I need to know what the fuck to do, because Dan almost blew it last week and got me fired," she said, her words coming out in a flood.
Mary had obviously been thinking about what to say to her for a while, as she bombarded Jen with several more questions about her, Dan, Mr. DeWight, and her being the DSA spokesmodel within a span of seconds.
"I mean for Christ's sake, one minute you're telling us how you are quitting, how you and Dan are going to make a life together, how you would never sign any contract to keep you dancing, and then I fucking blink and you not only sign a contract, you end up being our boss. And a fucking porn actress? Is that shit true? Have you really sunk that low you are fucking any guy that comes along with a camera? You better be getting goddamn good money to sink that low bitch, particularly when you always chastised the girls around here for giving extras in the VIP rooms. So, what's changed now?" her friend continued.
As Mary barraged her with questions, Jen was startled by her tattoo vibrating beneath her skin. It was not surprising the FBI would be cautioning her, as they had a personal stake in her cover not being blown.
She opened her mouth to talk to Mary several times, but her friend continued going on with questions, not giving her any chance to speak.
"Are you going to answer me? And it better be the fucking truth, I deserve that much. Don't be giving me some bullshit story. We've known each other far too long for that—and I'll know if you're lying, anyways. I know you too well. Goddammit girl, what the fuck is going on with you?" she said.
Her friend was right, even as her tattoo vibrated once more, then again, then a continuous buzz, annoying her. She had known Mary for almost ten years. They were more than friends, Mary was closer to her than even her sister Suzanne. It was Jen who had held Mary's hand when she had gotten her abortion—when Jen was still a waitress at the club—and the intimacy of the procedure and what they shared had cemented a friendship that would last forever.
Even as the tattoo continued to buzz beneath her skin, Jen knew she could not lie to the one person besides Dan who knew her to her very soul.
"Mr. DeWight is a criminal," she said, in between the barrage of questions and angry comments erupting from Mary's mouth.
Mary quieted as she looked at Jen in surprise. "What?" she asked.
"I said, Mr. DeWight is a criminal," she stated again. "As in Al Capone, John Gotti, Pablo Escobar, and all that shit," she said.
Mary sighed. "Look, I know he's a bastard," she said. "And he has absolutely no regard to women. Hell, he pretty much raped me in front of Dan. Of course, he had drugged me, so I was begging to be fucked, but there's no doubt he'd do it again—and probably has with lots of women," she said. "Is that what happened to you?" she asked.
"What!" Jen said, completely shocked by her friend's words.
Mary held up a finger. "I'll tell you about it AFTER you tell me what the fuck is going on and why I was even caught in this to begin with," she said. "And as I said, don't fucking lie to me—if you want to keep it to yourself, fine, I'll walk away, and you are on your own, our friendship over. Don't bother telling me something just to appease me—that's more insulting than you walking back inside right now and not saying a thing," her friend said agitatedly.
Jen knew Mary was right, they knew each other too well for either of them to lie to the other.
Suddenly it was clear what she needed to do, so even as her tattoo continued a solid vibration indicting she leave she looked at her friend and said, "No, I mean he is a real criminal. He is being investigated by the FBI for murder, racketeering, rape, embezzlement, slavery, and a ton of other offenses," she said, even as the tattoo on her back continued vibrating.
"Jesus, I knew he was an asshole, but that's some heavy shit," Mary said after a moment. "But that still doesn't explain what's going on with you and Dan, or why everybody is supposed to ignore you two are a couple. And if you know he's such a bad person, why sign a contract and get even closer to the asshole? Isn't that even more dangerous?" Mary asked.
Jen took a deep breath, steeling herself for what she was about to say. The tattoo was incessantly vibrating beneath her skin, and she knew the FBI agents watching her were telling her to shut up. It was dangerous for her to blow her cover; however, this was her best friend in the world. This was a woman who not only knew her backwards and forwards, but inside and out. They knew what the other was thinking even before they said anything, and Jen knew she could not lie.
Finally, she said, "Dan and I are working as informers for the FBI," she spat before she could reconsider what to say.
"What!" Mary said, her turn to be surprised.
And so, Jen told her everything, starting with Mr. DeWight drugging her and raping her, coercing her to sign her contract; how the FBI had contacted her; and about her tattoo—showing Mary who put her hand on it as it vibrated. She told about being felt up while getting it—as well as dancing for the FBI agents and having sex with them to prove she could act the part of a porn star. She told her every gritty little detail that had happened. She told about Dan's bullying from Mr. DeWight all through his life, how they had stupidly denied their relationship to prevent Mr. DeWight from humiliating Dan any further—and why they now kept that relationship a secret at the FBI's insistence.
Then she told her about her week at the DSA Headquarters—including Tim fucking her on the plane, as well as her gangbang with the male porn stars.
By the time she had started talking about visiting the abandoned warehouse where the FBI had set up their center of operations and her fucking their Branch Chief Agent Vogel, the tattoo had ceased vibrating and Jen knew they had given up.
She told Mary everything, and would explain to the FBI agents later how her cover was not blown. She trusted Mary even more than Dan, and knew as she told her friend everything that had happened to her, Mary would take her secrets to the grave. But she owed Mary the truth.
Through it all, Mary remained silent, knowing Jen needed to get this off her chest and not be interrupted, and Jen was grateful to the point of tears, as any interruption would probably cause her to stop her confession.
After spilling her entire story, there was a prominent silence between them. Suddenly Jen was startled as her friend's arms engulfed her in a hug, and it was at that point everything caught up with her—her ravaging and blatant sex with other men, masturbating in front of the camera, being Mr. DeWight's and the FBI's 'plaything.' It all hit her at that moment and she burst into tears, crying on her friend's shoulder.
Mary whispered words of encouragement over and over as her friend cried. Jen had needed to let everything out, and Mary knew now was not the time to say anything other than comfort her friend.
Many minutes later Jen broke their embrace and Mary smiled at her, wiping the tears from her friend's face, including her runny nose.
"Well, it's a good thing you wore waterproof make-up," Mary said with a smile, both erupting in laughter as they overcompensated for the surge of emotions each one felt.
"Wow. That explains a lot of shit," Mary finally said. "Fuck me, that explains more than a lot of shit," she said. "How the fuck have you been keeping all that inside?" she asked.
Jen shook her head, the surge of emotions causing her to laugh again. Finally, she urged Mary to tell her what had happened to her, and to explain her comments about Mr. DeWight fucking her in front of Dan.
As she had done, her friend told her everything that happened while she remained quiet, and by the time Mary was finished, they were both hugging each other again—although this time they kept their tears in check.
As they broke away from their embrace, Jen said, "You can't tell Denise any of this," she said.
She was surprised when Mary burst out laughing again.
"You think?" she said with a grin. "Jesus Christ, she can't even keep a surprise birthday party a secret. Something like this would be on the six o'clock news!" she laughed, both knowing their friend's weakness. "But we need to tell her something," she finally stated. "She may not be the brightest tool in the shed, but she's not an idiot," Mary said.
"Sharpest, it's the sharpest tool in the shed," Jen corrected her friend with a smile.
"Whatever," Mary spat with a smile, both her and Jen feeling as if a huge weight had been lifted off each of them, their friendship still intact.
Jen had not realized how much she had been weighed down with everything that had been going on. She had not even had Dan around to confide in, so keeping everything that had been happening to her—including the more private things she was uncertain to tell Dan—had been oppressing to her. That she had been able to finally tell somebody everything going on, that she had somebody to confide in, made her feel as if she could actually get through all of this happening to her.
"We need to keep it simple though," Mary said. "Hell, she'll fuck up whatever story we give her to somebody else anyways, so it needs to be short and sweet," she said.
Jen mentioned several of the scenarios she had thought up on to give Mary, and her friend chuckled.
"It's a good thing you didn't try to feed me any of those bullshit stories," she laughed. "They're all full of holes and don't explain shit," she told Jen. "How about this—say you and Dan broke up and you are 'sowing your oats' after so many years of faithfulness—and what better way than to make money off of it to boot!" Mary suggested with a smile.
"But what about Dan working for Mr. DeWight?" Jen asked. "Or me having a new fiancé?" she asked.
Mary shrugged. "Remember, this is Denise. Do you really think she will spend any time thinking about that? Fuck, she'll be too preoccupied getting it straight on you two breaking up and how much of a slut you are to think of anything else," she grinned. "And as I said, she'll fuck up the story anyways, so much nobody else will wonder too much about anything else," she smiled.
Jen knew her friend was right. As much as she loved her other friend, Denise was a true blonde when it came to mental capacity.
She smiled, her and Mary once more giving each other a hug.
As they embraced, Mary whispered, "Are they really watching and listening?" she asked quietly.
At Jen's nod, Mary knelt and looked straight at Jen's navel ring, saying, "Look guys, I am not going to tell anybody. This is my best friend and sister I never had. I have more of an interest in her wellbeing than you do, so all I'm going to say is if she gets hurt because of any of this shit you are pulling on her, I will have all your asses," she told the camera. "And please pass this on to your boss. This is my girl, and although her sense of right and wrong is pretty fucked up, don't let this be a mistake," she said.
As she stood up, she gave Jen another hug.
They were both startled when the back door to the club opened, each breathing a sigh of relief as Denise's blonde head leaned outside.
"Ah ha!" she exclaimed. "I figured you two would be out here when you weren't on the stage," she smiled triumphantly. "And please tell me you haven't spilt all the beans yet," she said to Jen, giving her a big hug.
"There's not much to tell," Mary stated with a shrug of her shoulders. "Jen and Dan are no longer an item, and she doesn't want his name mentioned around her anymore. She wants us to act like they were never a couple," she told the young blonde dancer. "In fact, Jen's making up for lost time with her new job," she chuckled.
"You bitch!" Denise exclaimed angrily at Mary.
Both Mary and Jen looked at her questioningly as Denise continued.
"You knew!" she told Mary. "You knew! That's why you've been hanging all over Dan like a bitch in heat!" she said. Turning to Jen, she said, "Why did you tell her before me?" she asked with a whine. "Aren't we friends too?" she said.
Jen smiled, more from the roll of Mary's eyes behind their friend's back than Denise's fake whining as she said, "I'm sorry, there really wasn't any time before I flew out to California," she told her as an excuse. "I thought Mary would have said something by now," she said, once again smiling as Mary stuck her tongue out at her for turning Denise's attention to her instead of Jen.
"Well, of course SHE isn't going to say anything," Denise cut in before Mary could apologize. "Dan's one of the best catches out there, of course she's going to pounce on him the minute he's cut free," she said. "And it must be over if you don't mind us poaching on him," she said with a frown. "And I won't bother you asking why you broke up, that's your business, and I'm sure you'll tell me sometime when we're all drunk and stupid," she laughed.
Jen and Mary laughed with her.
Finally, Jen said, "OK, no more talk about what's-his-name," she said. "You're late, and as your new boss, I'm almost tempted to dock your pay," she said, grinning as Denise stuck out her tongue to her as well.
"Well, you can at least tell me what THAT'S about," Denise said.
Jen shook her head. "No time, you're late so you are going to have to suffer until later. We have to have these routines down pat before Friday. Mr. DeWight wants all three of us to do a couple of sets for my syndication party together, so we need to practice," she said.
Getting questions from both women, Jen explained to them about the syndication party—or at least what she knew of it.
"Does that mean we have the week off?" Denise said. "It's bad enough you're not on the rotation for a while, but if we're two more short, what are the other girls going to say?" she asked. "Jemisha isn't going to be very happy," Denise said.
"Fuck Jemisha," Jen spat, genuinely irritated. "I'm now her boss, and I've already revised the schedule for this week. Dee Dee is filling in full time and I shifted everybody else around so the club's covered all week. There are a couple dancers from the Wet Cherry working both clubs as well," she explained, having already gone over the schedule on the plane.
"Ooh, somebody's taking to authority pretty naturally," Mary laughed as they all went back into the club.
While the girls went to warm up on the stage, Jen told them she was going to see if Mr. DeWight could tell her anything more about the sets he expected the girls to do.
Knocking on his office door, she entered as his voice came through the door.
"Ah Diamond! Just the girl I always want to see!" he said to her, his eyes blatantly looking at her body, focusing particularly on her breasts. "I saw how well you handled the reporters outside—excellent job! Although you need to remember to give them a better tease next time to keep them interested," he laughed.
Jen blushed, recalling Mr. DeWight allowing one of the reporters in Los Angeles to grope her breasts.
"I wanted to sit down with you and watch the final production of your vignette with Sean last week. If it meets my approval, we'll be debuting you on our web site tonight!" he said anxiously.
Jen recalled one of the questions by the reporter, asking about the release of her first 'feature' web movie.
"Well, right now I need to practice with Mar—er, I mean Kitten and Crystal," she said, knowing Mr. DeWight always called the girls by their stage names. And the last thing she needed with her body on such a sexual edge was to watch her getting fucked on screen. "We have so little time before Friday night's party, I want to get in as much time with them as possible," she explained to him.
"Of course!" Mr. DeWight said happily. "We can screen the movie afterwards," he told her.
It was obvious Mr. DeWight was not going to let her get out of watching the film with her and Sean, and she hoped the workout she was going to get practicing with the girls would work off enough energy that she could do it with relative calm and indifference.
"So, what can I do to you now?" Mr. DeWight said, purposely mixing his words as his eyes lowered and he stared directly at her crotch.
Jen felt her body flush, embarrassed not from his gaze, but from her body's reaction to it. Once again, she was confused at how her body could react so strongly and intimately to the mere look of a man—and an asshole like Mr. DeWight to boot! Yet her crotch immediately heated up as she felt her body flush at his simple gaze.
She quickly recovered, seeing Mr. DeWight's grin and wondering if he had any idea as to her body's reaction.
"Uh, I was wondering if you had any more information about the sets you wanted us to do," she said, conscientious of Mr. DeWight's gaze upon her body. "Like how long they need to be, or what songs to pick," she told him, trying to ignore the man's lecherous looks. "You mentioned you were picking out the songs," she said, "but it would help if we knew what they were beforehand."
Normally the girls picked their own songs. It was one of the perks at the Satin Kitty, as many clubs the songs played were picked by the manager or DJ's. Jen had heard stories of girls having to blow the managers or DJ's to get a song they wanted played. As such, she was unaccustomed to her songs being dictated to her. Although she could dance to just about anything, it helped if they could time their maneuvers on the pole with the music.
Mr. DeWight smiled, "Ah yes," he exclaimed. Turning around, she saw him reach for something off his desk. "I have the first two sets already burned for you and the girls. These first two sets are with the three of you—and as I said before, they should be some sort of themed sets," he told her. "Of course, YOU are the main attraction," he grinned. "The remaining sets are all you, but considering you'll probably be fucking the investors by then, I doubt the songs matter," Mr. DeWight laughed.
"What!" Jen said in surprise, looking at the porn mogul with wide eyes.
Mr. DeWight shrugged. "What did you expect?" he asked her. "This is a syndication party for your movie career," he told her. "Nobody is going to pledge thousands, if not hundreds of thousands of dollars towards your career if they can't get a sample of what they are investing in," he told her matter-of-factly. "It's like test driving a car before you buy it. So as such, I expect you to work that ass, pussy, and mouth of yours most of the evening," he explained nonchalantly, as if discussing the weather or traffic, not her whoring herself out to a bunch of strangers. "At that point it will be solely up to you, so the better and more willing you are, the more generous your investors will be," he told her, giving her an intent look that spoke louder than words.
'You better not fuck this up, or else,' the look said.
Although Jen was shocked at him expecting her to have sex with men at her syndication party, she was even more amazed at the sums of money he stated he was expecting from them. Then again, what did she expect?
Jen wondered at what point—if any—in a porn star's career they no longer cared about who or how many people they had sex with. She had already been with at least half a dozen guys in the past week, and could not even imagine it getting any easier.
Standing numbly in her boss' office, her reverie was broken as his arm snaked around her bare waist, his hand sliding across her skin and touching as much of her as he could as he guided her to the door, saying, "Go practice, and I'll see you afterwards."
Jen barely registered Mr. DeWight cupping and squeezing her ass cheek before shutting the door behind her, and her mind still numb from his recent revelation of what he expected, she walked down the hallway, her state of mind in a daze.
The revelation she would be expected to have sex with her 'investors' was overwhelming. Again, a part of her mind asked what she expected—she was a porn actress, and this was a 'party' to fund that career, of course she would be expected to 'perform.' Admittedly, she had thought her 'performance' would be strictly dancing. Unbelievably—or maybe in denial—she had pushed the thought of being more than just a girl on the pole from her mind, even after last week.
As she had a thousand times before, she once again asked herself what she had gotten herself into.
Denise and Mary broke her musings, asking her about their sets. Barely acknowledging them, she answered them saying, "Oh yeah, I learned a lot."
Immediately then they noticed her consternation; however, avoiding their obvious questions, Jen ignored them as she went to the DJ booth and put in the CD Mr. DeWight had given her. And still ignoring their concern, she simply told the girls the CD contained two sets—each about twenty minutes.
Understanding Jen did not want to talk about what was bothering her, the girls put their minds on the task at hand. The three of them had already put together several routines as a group, although they had never performed them. It had been difficult to practice such routines, as before the renovations, the club only had two poles, and they were not situated together on the same stage. But they were familiar with the routines, and anxious to finally dance together.
First, the girls listened to the music tracts Mr. DeWight had provided. Although there were a couple of songs none of them recognized, they admitted the songs had good danceable beats. While the playlists were not necessarily arranged how they would have selected them, the girls had no complaints.
They realized how privileged—and somewhat spoiled—they had been in the past, being able to select their own songs. Even Denise, who had only worked at the club for a little over a year, commented on how strange it was to have songs selected for her sets without her knowledge, even though she too recognized many clubs and dancers operated like this.
While listening to each song and getting a feel for the beat, Jen wrote down notes—marking the song lengths, fast and slow sections, and o 'mechanical' things to make their dance sets flow with each song. Having put together their routines, she also made notes as to which routines would work best with each song, as some routines were better with slow versus fast songs. By the time they had gotten through the second track, she had a fair idea of how to do each set.
Listening to the playlists for a second time, she and the girls talked about the theme for each set. Mr. DeWight had told her he expected them to be a team and to have a separate theme for each set, so they had to decide what outfits all of them had in common. This was an easy choice for Mary and Denise, although Jen wondered if their suggestions were too cliché, but she was out voted, so wrote down their selections on her notepad.
Finally, they warmed up, going through a few of the simpler routines. It had been several weeks since they had practiced together, and they were all rusty—even Jen, who was undoubtedly the best pole dancer in the club.
While practicing, Mary ordered lunch—each of them getting a Caesar salad, which made ordering easier—before returning their routines. They continued even after their lunch was delivered, eating during small breaks or while two of them were practicing as a third watched.
Finally, getting the first routine down to her satisfaction, Jen called a stop.
"Jesus, I think she's power hungry," Mary told her through panted breaths while toweling off her face. "You're more of a task master now as our boss than you were before as just one of the girls," she laughed.
Jen and Denise laughed as well, knowing she was joking.
"I'm still one of the girls, I just have more responsibilities for your asses!" Jen said with a grin, telling them she wanted to make sure they had their routines down before the party.
Denise began to ask simple questions, none of which Jen had an answer to such as where the party would be held, what time they should be there, how many people, and so forth, and Jen had to admit she did not know, saying she was supposed to get the itinerary from her assistant.
As the girls made fun of her for having an 'assistant,' Jen checked her cell phone for any further information. Velvet had set her up phone to receive corporate e-mail the week before, and to her relief, there was a notification of having an e-mail from 'Velvet.'
Jen smiled, seeing even corporate e-mail having their stripper names. She idly wondered what happened if somebody else was named Velvet, and how it was decided if somebody was referred to as 'Velvet2' and so on as she opened the e-mail, reading the itinerary to the girls.
From the e-mail, they were scheduled to fly out together Wednesday morning—the typical time Diamond had been told to return each week to LA from her schedule given to her the previous week. The three of them were booked in the same hotel Diamond had been the week before—Mary and Denise having reservations together in one room, while Jen was booked in the same suite as the week before.
To her surprise, Velvet commented the suite was reserved for her indefinitely. Jen was amazed DSA would pay for a hotel room even on nights she was not there, but apparently Mr. DeWight did not see it as a financial loss to sink such money into her accommodations.
Velvet also stated Diamond's request for their salary to be paid for the full week had been approved by Elsie, as well as Mary and Denise being provided bonuses of five thousand dollars each for their performance. At the mention of the money they would be earning, both women were amazed.
And Denise being Denise, asked how much Diamond would be receiving.
Jen blushed, uncomfortable talking about money—even to her close friends. She was still uncomfortable with the amounts her checks had already been, answering, "Let's just say it will undoubtedly be well worth it," she told them, while the girls teased her about 'hitting it big.'
"Jesus Christ, the golden goose sure did shine its ass on you," Mary told her. "Not only are you getting paid an undisclosed gob of money—and don't give me that look, I know you well enough to know if you aren't talking about it, it's fucking a lot," she laughed. "But not only are you getting gobs of money, you get to fuck some of the hottest guys out there," she said.
Looking at her in surprise, Mary told them about her and John surfing the DSA website. She teased Jen with mock jealousy, telling her he had been more interested in Diamond's section, while she had checked out the male porn stars.
Jen blushed at the thought of her girlfriend's boyfriend watching the videos posted there—and possibly doing more.
"So, have you met any of them?" Denise asked innocently as Mary described some of the men who worked for DSA.
Seeing Jen's blush, both girls urged her for more details. Finally, Jen admitted meeting five of them the week before, Mary not stopping her pestering until she told them which ones.
"Wait a minute, isn't Sean the guy in your movie debut?" Mary asked suddenly.
"What!?" Denise exclaimed around a mouth full of salad. "You already made a porn movie?" she asked in surprise. "Like in a real 'I'm having sex on film' type of movie?" she asked wide-eyed.
"Well, what did you think she was doing last week?" Mary asked with a laugh around a mouthful of her own lunch. "Not only was she spamming us with e-mails to make strippers around the world be better persons and safe for humanity, but probably was getting laid left and right!" Mary laughed. Swallowing her mouthful of salad, she looked at Jen asking, "So, how was he? Is it true porn acting is all non-emotional shit and more of a chore?"
Seeing Jen's face blush in embarrassment even further, Mary burst out laughing.
"Oh my God! Did you get off?" she asked inquisitively.
Once again Jen's reddening betrayed her, only now not only on her face, but her entire body flushing as Mary once more began laughing.
"Oh fuck, I HAVE to watch this movie! When is it released?" she laughed.
"Oh God," Jen replied, almost choking on her own lunch as she covered her head in the palms of her hands completely mortified. "I need to crawl into a hole somewhere and die," she said through her hands to both girls'—to their obvious amusement and delight.
Continuing their teasing, Denise said, "Well, what did you expect? To make a porn movie and NOT have people watch it?" she laughed. "You wouldn't be a very good porn star if that was your goal!" she grinned. "And besides, if you can't fuck in front of your best friends, who can you fuck in front of," she laughed.
"So, when is it released?" Mary asked once more, looking at Jen intently.
Suddenly Jen remembered Mr. DeWight's earlier request.
"Shit," she muttered, knowing her day was not over just yet. "Mr. DeWight wanted to screen the damn thing with me today before it was released," she explained to them. "I guess I need to go see what else I've gotten myself into," she laughed with her friends, although she was beginning to get nervous.
Knowing she could only put off the inevitable for so long, she got up as Mary looked at her and said, "Well, if it's as hot as I'm sure it will be, you need to make sure that bastard doesn't take advantage of you when you're all hot and bothered like he did to me," she warned, all trace of mirth gone from her voice.
Her comment immediately caught Denise's attention, asking what she meant. It was obvious from her expression Mary had not told her what happened with her between Dan and Mr. DeWight, and Jen gave an apologetic look to Mary, who simply shrugged.
While Mary talked to their blonde friend, Jen excused herself and made her way back to Mr. DeWight's office.
Entering the manager's office after knocking, Jen saw Mr. DeWight talking on the phone, closing the door quietly behind her as he waved her in.
"I'll be with you in a moment Diamond," he told her while covering the receiver with his hand. "Make yourself comfortable," he said absently, turning his attention back to the telephone.
Jen walked into the office, the stiletto heels of her boots sinking into the plush carpeting, and sat down in one of the leather chairs in front of Mr. DeWight's desk.
"Sergey, I don't give a shit what the fucking weather is like or how difficult some goddamn customs agent is, get it done," he was saying.
Jen wondered if it were the same Sergey she had met at her debut party Friday evening, her body suddenly flushing in embarrassment as she recalled the man's blatant touch upon her. Her mind flashed back to his hand sliding beneath her skirt, his rough palm moving across her ass to cup her crotch, and his pleased laugh as he became aware of her being wet with desire.
Jen's face warmed as she realizes the mere memory was causing her body to become excited as she recalled the Russian's intimate touch.
He had been the first man to pledge to her party, recalling Mr. Dewight's insistence she do 'whatever it took' to get him to pledge.
"OK, whatever," Mr. DeWight was saying as Jen forced her attention back to the present. "I'll see you at the party Friday, no?" he said, solidifying Jen's suspicion of it being the same man. "Good," Mr. DeWight said, "then we can discuss this then. [i]Poka[/i] my friend," he said before hanging up the phone and turning his full attention upon her.
Jen fidgeted under Mr. DeWight's intense gaze.
He sighed and leaned back into his chair, saying, "You know. I am still trying to decide whether there is actually a fair quantity of intelligence in that pretty body of yours, or if you are just some dumb cunt making it day by day."
Jen looked at the man in shock. He was obviously upset about something she had done, although she had just entered the office.
Steeling up her nerve—helped by the irritation of the vulgar epithet—she said, "If you're going to call me names, I might as well leave until you are in a better mood," she told him. "Unless you'd like to tell me what the fuck has upset you," she stated.
Mr. DeWight's laughter surprised her. She knew most women were submissive before the man, cowing in fear, but she vowed never to be that submissive to the man. She may have to do what he said, having sex with whomever he told her to, but she was not going to be demeaned any more than she had to.
"Well said my dear, well said," he told her, as he leaned forward and rested his elbows on his desk. "Do you recall what I told you?" he said. "In fact, it was exactly last week in this very office," he added, looking at her intently.
Unlike before, when his eyes had practically molested her, his look now was of intense scrutiny, and Jen wondered what he was talking about.
Thinking back, she realized it had only been a week since she had been forced to suck Tim off in this office, surprised her mind had pushed such a horrendous act out of her mind. It was somewhat disconcerting to have all but forgotten the incident over everything else that happened over the past week.
The sudden image of Tim grabbing her head and literally face fucking her came to mind, and Jen felt her body heat up in humiliation and arousal.
Mr. DeWight smiled at her, as if knowing what she was thinking, and Jen felt her body flush even further, embarrassed that the warmth was as much from excitement as it was humiliation.
But performing oral sex on Tim was not what he was talking about, recalling her 'talk' with Mr. DeWight as he felt her up before Tim had arrived, telling her she needed to become used to men touching her.
She repeated her thoughts, telling Mr. DeWight her recollection.
"That was the gist of it," he told her, "but I also told you how I expected you to become more accustomed to exposing your body," he said.
Not understanding what he was referring to, Jen began to get upset. She had done everything he had asked of her, and then some, living up to her end of the bargain with her photo shoots, as well as actively taking an interest helping the girls in his various clubs she had been theoretically in charge of, making it a reality.
Her ire got the best of her as she finally said, "Look, we can sit here and play twenty questions all night. I'm sorry to tell you my life does not hinge on every word you say. In the past week, I have done things I would never have imagined in my worst dreams, but I have done everything I could to abide by my contract, so if there's something you are upset about, instead of beating around the bush, why don't you just tell me?" she said, all her emotions spilling out.
Mr. DeWight looked at her for several moments before slowly smiling. "My apologies dear, I did not mean to upset you," he told her complacently. "You are right, your accomplishments last week were more than I imagined, so much so, I keep forgetting you have not been in the business for years. But, in the same vein, the point is that very naiveté means you SHOULD hinge upon every word I say," he told her. "Point in fact," he said looking at her intently again, "we talked about you getting accustomed dancing nude. Although I will concede you have far surpassed my expectations in your photo shoots and dancing at your debut party, you are still obviously not comfortable doing so. I told you then that from now on I expected you to strip when in this office," he told her with a sly grin.
Jen suddenly recalled the conversation Mr. DeWight had with her—part of her memory lapse due to him feeling her up at the time—he had told her to always be undressed in his office.
"You want me to strip?" she asked, voicing her thoughts.
Mr. DeWight smiled, his eyes once again roving over her body as he told her, "Once again, I'm torn—dumb cunt, or calculating bitch. You don't have to make a big production of it, but I do expect you to be naked in my office from now on," he said, "although you can leave your boots on," he told her with a grin.
There were some discussions she would not win with Mr. DeWight, and this was one of them. She remembered the discussion, and standing up, unsnapped her halter, ignoring Mr. DeWight's lecherous stare as she shrugged out of it. Her earlier thoughts that morning returned about the outfit and how much an audience would enjoy her shrugging out of the top. She now regretted her choice of clothing before bending down and sliding off her shorts.
To her embarrassment, she realized she had not worn any underwear—not even a thong—and her body once again flushed red at Mr. DeWight's smile, seeing her lack of undergarments.
Jen tossed her outfit on to the lounge couch on the side of the office before sitting down. Although Mr. DeWight frowned at her crossing her legs, he did not say anything as she looked at him.
"Happy now?" she asked.
Mr. DeWight smiled and nodded, saying, "I hope in the future we do not need to repeat this conversation," he told her sternly, as Jen shrugged. "Now, back to business," he said, his eyes taking one more piercing gaze at her bare breasts before turning to his computer.
"How was your practice today?" he asked, changing the subject abruptly.
Jen shrugged, her breasts jostling and drawing Mr. DeWight's attention as she answered, "Well enough for us being so out of practice. The songs are all danceable, although the sets are slightly longer than what we're used to, but we'll be ready. We still need to practice all this week, but I'm sure by Friday we'll have everything down pat," she told him.
Mr. DeWight nodded in understanding. "Just remember, you are the showcase of each set. Kitten and Crystal merely have to shake their ass and tits in unison for all I care, the main focus needs to be on you," he told her, as Jen nodded in understanding.
She may not be thrilled at Mr. DeWight's expectation of her having sex during the party, but she decided she would cross that bridge when she came to it. There still could be a way out of it—even if it meant she would simply jack off several guys, but her mind was attempting to sort and minimalize unknowns, so she would worry about it then.
"I hope you didn't overwork yourselves today. You only have a week, but I don't need any of you injured and unable to perform," Mr. DeWight said, catching Jen's attention once again.
Jen shrugged, Mr. DeWight's eyes again upon her bare breasts as she told him, "We know how to pace ourselves," she said matter-of-factly. "I may be a little sore in the shoulders or legs, but it's a good pain," she said.
Abruptly, Mr. DeWight stood up, surprising her when he moved around his desk and stepped behind her. She was further startled when he put his hands on her shoulders, firmly squeezing as he began massaging her.
Jen could not deny the deep kneading of his fingers felt good to her overworked shoulders; however, it was inappropriate for a workplace.
"That's ok, I'll be fine," she told him, even as her head leaned forward to her boss' hands working her muscles.
"No, no," Mr. DeWight said. "I can't have my star become too sore. In fact, here, this should help," he said, surprising her as he stepped to his desk and opened a drawer.
Jen watched as Mr. DeWight pulled out a bottle and squeezed some clear gel on his hand, rubbing his hands together before once more moving behind her.
"No, really, it's all right," Jen said in alarm.
Then her dismay immediately evaporated from her mind as Mr. DeWight's hands once again began massaging her shoulders. Unlike before, the oily mixture on his hands caused his fingers to glide across her skin in a slick, exotic sensation, the feeling almost erotic. She also felt a gentle warming to her skin, realizing the gel was more than a lubricant.
Involuntarily, she let out a low moan as Mr. DeWight's hands moved over her shoulders, then down her upper arms. The combination of massage and warmth infusing her body caused her to immediately relax. She could not deny how unbelievably good her boss' caresses felt, and when Mr. DeWight's hands finished massaging her arms and he asked her to lean forward, she meekly complied, placing her elbows on her knees as he began kneading the muscles of her back, his fingers pressing each vertebrae of her spine as she sighed contentedly.
Mr. DeWight's hands worked magic, and without realizing it, she gave in fully to the massage. The man definitely knew what he was doing as Jen felt her entire back, shoulders, and arms loosen up like melted rubber. In fact, she became so absorbed in the sensations, she moaned pitifully when Mr. DeWight's hands left her back to briefly put more of the massaging gel into his hands.
Once more she moaned in contentment as his hands glided over her back, the oil immediately warming against her skin.
Jen was so wrapped-up in her contentment, she barely registered an emotion when Mr. DeWight's hands slid around her side and cupped her breasts.
Then she gasped as the warming sensation of the gel spread across her chest, her nipples becoming like liquid pools of lava as they heated up with an intensity even more than her skin.
A part of Diamond's mind knew she should not be sitting in her boss' office letting him feel up her breasts; however, most of her brain was in a sensuous stupor, the warm, kneading sensations of Mr. DeWight's hands too wonderful a feeling to dispute.
Much of her feeling was the result of the mind-shattering sex the FBI agent had given her earlier that day, and even her strenuous workout had not curbed it. The release of endorphins from her work-out seemed to even exacerbate her sensations as Jen sighed again, more absorbed in the gentle and firm caresses on her body than she should be, but unable to do anything but accept the wonderful feelings.
Suddenly Mr. DeWight's voice came to her ear, whispering, "Stand up dear, and lean your hands on the desk."
Without so much as a thought, Jen stood up, obeying her boss' direction without hesitation.
A part of her mind panicked, knowing in such a vulnerable state she could be taken right then and there; however, such did not happen. She instead moaned louder when Mr. DeWight knelt behind her and his hands grasped her hips, firmly squeezing her muscles. One more she could not believe how wonderful the sensations were as Mr. DeWight began to work her waist after getting more massaging gel.
Then he worked her ass—not groping, but deeply kneading her ass cheeks, working out all the stiffness from her practice and relaxing her unlike anything she had ever felt, and if her knees had not been locked, she would have fell to the floor.
Moving to her upper thighs, she almost expected—and yearned for—Mr. DeWight to cop a feel, ashamed of her body's arousal, but she was so content, she was willing to do anything; however, once again surprising her, Mr. DeWight firmly grasped her upper thigh, working first her left leg, then her right.
Her boss' fingers were barely a hair's breadth from her crotch, yet he made no move to touch her intimately. His touches—even those on her breasts and ass—were more soothing than erotic, and Jen continued to sigh in contentment as she gave in to the firm kneading of her body.
She was surprised—and disappointed—when Mr. DeWight finally stood up and removed his hands from her.
"Better?" he asked.
Jen was too tongue-tied to speak, merely nodding. She remained bent over the desk, too laxed to move, even knowing her arousal was blatantly visibly to the man standing behind her.
As the thought of begging him to fuck her passed through her head, it sobered her enough to eventually find her voice, telling him his massage had been amazing as she stood up, completely naked except for her black tall boots, fully aroused before her boss.
Mr. DeWight chuckled as he said, "One of the benefits of taking a Physical Therapy course in college. If we had a massage table and you took off your boots, I would have you in a puddle with my foot massages," he grinned at her.
Jen almost moaned at the thought as she sat back down in her chair.
"I hope you don't mind the gel," he asked, as Jen told him it felt wonderful. Mr. DeWight grinned as he looked at her, saying, "It has the benefit of giving your body a wonderful glow."
Jen looked down and saw her entire body was glistening, the oil coating her like a second skin. She shrugged, watching her breasts bob and jiggle. After such a wonderful massage, she could live with her body covered in the oil until she went home—and truth be told, the warming sensation across her skin continued to soothe her. She was relishing the sensation of the gel coating her.
"So, shall we screen your movie?" Mr. DeWight asked, looking at Jen.
Once again, too content to even talk, Jen simply nodded.
She watched as Mr. DeWight moved and sat down on the chaise lounge couch, motioning her to come over to him with a smile. Still in her post massage stupor, Jen meekly complied, not caring she was all but naked as Mr. DeWight had her first sit, then lay, on the lounge couch, her booted legs resting across Mr. DeWight's lap.
He pressed a remote she had not seen him pick up earlier, and was startled when the lights abruptly dimmed. At almost the same time, the television screens around the room lit up and music filled the room.
Jen watched as the DSA, Inc. logo appeared on the screens—twin stripper poles moving from the periphery to the middle of the screen as the shadowed figures of two strippers walked out—one leaning her back to the pole while the other bent forward.
Jen was impressed with the production quality of the beginning of the movie, as the title—The Homecumming—appeared in gold scripted lettering. Although she had heard the name of the movie from the reporters, she had not realized the spelling was that way. Then again, it was a porn movie, so what did she expect, she thought to herself.
She was both surprised and embarrassed when the movie faded in to showing herself, sitting at a kitchen counter stool, her eyes staring into to distance.
Several things crossed Jen's mind as she watched the beginning of the movie. Once again, she marveled at the quality the movie, being up there with any blockbuster release. The picture was sharp and clear, obviously in high definition, and she was impressed how good everything looked.
The second thing which surprised her—and gave her some embarrassment—was how good she looked.
She was wearing the one-piece leather dress she had chosen earlier that morning, the silver zipper glittering in the light from top to bottom. Jen was surprised to see how form-fitting the dress was, outlining every curve of her body remarkably well.
Even her make-up was perfect, surprised at how good she looked on film.
Jen and Mr. DeWight watched as she got up and walked around the apartment. Another startling revelation was how real the apartment looked, her knowing it was nothing but a photo shoot set, yet the camera angles made everything seem real.
She faintly heard Evanescence's song 'My Immortal' playing in the background, somewhat surprised it was not louder, recalling the music filling the studio, but she then focused back on the movie as she heard herself sigh and pick up the picture, looking at it mournfully. Jen was amazed how real the scene looked, as if she really missed whomever was in the picture, even knowing she had only been looking at a stock photo; however, the camera did not show that, instead merely showing her holding a picture longingly, the viewer unaware what was in the photo, whether it be a dog or even an empty frame.
Her attention was momentarily diverted from the movie when Mr. DeWight placed his hands on her upper thighs, his hands warm to her flesh and she realized he still had the massage gel, which was heating her skin once again. He began kneading her muscles, but she looked back to the movie. Her body was so relaxed from his earlier massage, she did not mind getting even more of his touch, even in such a vulnerable position.
Turning her attention back to the movie, she watched in awe as she moved around the 'apartment' until reaching the kitchen, her hands sliding across her body as she closed her eyes.
She was still amazed at the production quality of the movie, believing Diamond in the movie was thinking about a lover.
She was so absorbed in watching herself, she was startled when a male figure moved behind her on the screen, gently touching her, watching as she turned around and met Sean in a deep kiss.
"You are a natural dear," Mr. DeWight said, his hands continuing to move skillfully across her oiled thighs.
Jen barely heard him, so absorbed in viewing the lovers in the scene, as it unfolded on the television screens—Sean gently caressing her, slowly unzipping her dress, until she was in nothing but her black thong.
Having only seen herself in the two photo shoots Melissa had sent her earlier in the week, Jen was amazed how good and flawless her body looked. Somehow her skin looked more natural than even most blockbuster movies—and definitely better than most porn movies she had seen before.
The apartment, her, Sean; everything seeming so lifelike.
Jen was completely absorbed in the movie as Sean engulfed her in a kiss. And then she watched herself sink down to her haunches, kissing her way down Sean's chest until the inevitable happened, watching in complete wonder as she took out Sean's cock and began sucking him.
Although not a stranger to pornography, Jen was unprepared for how erotic and visceral watching herself sucking Sean off was. She could not blink, not wanting to take her eyes off the scene unfolding before her as she became completely focused upon the television screen, watching mesmerized as she took Sean's large cock into her mouth, her lips sliding across the firm manhood erotically.
Sitting on the lounge couch, Jen felt her body immediately heat up, reacting from the movie and her memory of sucking Sean off, as well as Mr. DeWight's soothing hands running across her body. She felt the skin across her breasts tighten almost unbearably, while deep below her stomach, a warmth spread out from between her legs. Her skin felt on fire, the combination of her arousal and the massage gel Mr. DeWight was using seeming like gasoline, and her body was enveloped in heated desire.
Eventually it was her turn to be pleasured on the screen, watching in captivation as Sean pulled her to her feet. After giving her a deep kiss she felt all the way to her toes as she watched, Sean laid her back upon the kitchen island, slowly pulling off her thong before orally pleasuring her.
Jen could not believe how sensual the scene was. This was not some hardcore, blatant, vulgar sex scene, where the two people only went through the motions of sex, having no feeling or emotion. Jen could actually feel the love between the two people on the screen, even knowing one of them was her, even knowing this was nothing but a porn movie—but it was a lot more.
To Jen's shame, she realized the movie had completely aroused her, watching as Sean ate her out, then finger-fucked her to her first orgasm, knowing there was nothing fake about her response on the screen. And her body remembered, feeling all too uncomfortable at her body's yearning on the screen as her body on the couch responded, her breasts tight and filled with longing.
She was vaguely aware of squirming in her seat, her legs moving almost imperceptibly in Mr. DeWight's lap as he began squeezing her inner thighs together.
But her eyes were glued to the television screens as she watched herself orgasm on camera. Once again, she stared transfixed as Sean lifted her and spun her body around, bending her over the kitchen island.
Although Jen knew almost a half hour had gone by with her failing to mimic the emotions of having sex, the movie was edited so professionally there was no indication of her hesitancy. In complete arousal she watched as Sean reached between her legs, stroking her with his hand.
Sitting on the couch in Mr. DeWight's lap, she could almost feel the ghost caresses within her own core, remembering the feel of his fingers stroking her clit.
Once again there was no indication of hesitancy or 'acting' as she watched in fascination at the television as Sean grasped her hips.
"Here it comes," Mr. DeWight said to her, but Jen paid him little attention, she could not take her eyes from the screen.
The camera angle was in directly in front of her, her breasts smashed against the tiled kitchen island as she leaned forward, Sean behind her, and Jen realized she was holding her breath, knowing what was about to happen.
And then it happened.
Jen watched awestruck as her face on the camera registered first surprise—her eyes opening wide as she opened her mouth and let out a groan—and then in complete ecstasy as Sean entered her, his hard, large cock sliding into her wet pussy.
In the office, Jen echoed her groan on the television screen, her body on fire as she watched herself get fucked on the screen, while at the same time, Mr. DeWight's fingers slid into her wet slit.
Jen could not pry her eyes from the scene on the screen, staring as Sean fucked her, reliving the experience as Mr. DeWight slowly finger-fucked her in unison to the movie. Jen moaned as her pussy and lust flared to the level of an inferno, the massage gel making her vagina feel like molten lava was inside her as Mr. DeWight's fingers spread her open, sliding in and out of her as his other hand began stroking her clit.
She let out another loud moan as the massage gel touched her clit, her body flooding with desire as her engorged bud flared in heat.
And still she could not look away from the screen as Sean fucked her, her body rocking to each thrust. She remembered him fucking her, Mr. DeWight's hand mimicked the sensation and it was as if she was reliving her first sexual experience on film.
Unable to control herself, Jen began rocking her hips, meeting Mr. DeWight's thrusts and fucking his hand as much as he was finger fucking her.
The soft squishing sounds of him masturbating her blended in with the sounds of the movie, and she was utterly absorbed in the scene on the screen, practically oblivious to the assault her body was receiving by Mr. DeWight, matching her hip's thrusts as Sean's thrusts became more deliberate and forceful on screen.
Evanescence's song 'Disappear' was playing gently in the background, but the music was overwhelmed by the sounds of sex and Diamond's moans on and off the screen.
She stared in amazement and awe as the camera panned to the side of her and Sean, zooming in, and Jen watched in complete wonderment at the close-up of Sean's hard glistening cock sliding in and out of her pussy!
Mr. DeWight's motions were in perfect synchronization to the movie, and Jen fantasized it was Sean once more inside her, thrusting wildly.
And then the inevitable happened, and even though she was expecting it, she could only star in wonderment at the proverbial money shot scene was revealed, her body ultimately defiled on film. Her eyes widened as she watched the screen, Sean suddenly pulling out of her and the camera panning back, watching spellbound he began cumming, spurt after spurt of his white fluid landing on her back and ass as a baptism to her adult entertainment career.
And as if coordinated precisely to that moment, Jen cried out, screaming incoherently as her head fell back against the lounge chair, missing the closing credits as she came, her hips bucking wildly as Mr. DeWight brought her to orgasm.
Her hips riding his hands, Jen reached up and squeezed her breasts, the oily sensation of her hands across her skin such a turn on her orgasm continued, her pussy clamping down on Mr. DeWight's fingers over and over as the heels of her boots dug deeply in to the chaise lounge.
Over the sound of the movie and her own groans of pleasure, she was vaguely aware of Mr. DeWight's voice.
"That's it dear, let it out," he repeated to her, the soft sound coming to her ears, but she was too caught up in her release to care or even register what he was saying.
And then it was over, the movie ending as well as her orgasmic release as she slowly came back to her senses, laying across Mr. DeWight's lap, his fingers pulling out of her soaked and slimy slit as she panted in post release.
"It was hot, wasn't it?" Mr. DeWight asked.
Jen did not know if he meant his finger fucking her or the movie, but dumbly nodded. Feeling a need to move, she pulled her legs off his lap and stood up.
Looking down, Jen saw Mr. DeWight had an obvious erection, and in her current state, wondered if she should offer to relieve it.
Instead, Mr. DeWight got up and moved to his desk, sitting down as Jen laid back on the chaise lounge, her body glistening not only from the massage gel covering it, but also by sweat from her intense release.
Taking a deep breath, Jen asked, "Are you releasing the movie tonight?"
Mr. DeWight looked up from his computer and smiled as he shook his head. "Actually, I decided to wait until next week. If we release the movie following your syndication party, we can say it was partially funded through them, and that will not only earn your investors some immediate rewards, but in the long run, a higher audience. We will actually make more of a profit from a 'budgeted' film," he told her.
Jen did not understand the mathematics or economics of the movie, merely shrugging. She was still too caught up in her post-release to try and think, her mind slowly recovering and berating herself for allowing Mr. DeWight to affect so much.
Jen's hand idly moved to her throat, sliding down above her breasts, the slick sensation of the massage oil soothing against her skin as she slowly rubbed it in to her breasts.
Mr. DeWight's voice caught her attention once more as he said, "The movie turned out even better than I imagined. Although the editorial group did an outstanding job with the editing, you cannot deny the sheer talent you and Mr. Steele generated together on the screen," he told her, obviously pleased. Lifting the phone receiver to his ear, she heard him eventually say, "John. Would you mind bringing a bottle of champagne to my office, and two glasses?"
Jen told him she did not need anything drink, even though her throat was parched from panting so much while finger-fucked by Mr. DeWight watching the movie, but he waved her off, telling her they needed to celebrate a successful production.
Her thoughts were broken by knocking on Mr. DeWight's office door, John entering as soon as Mr. DeWight acknowledged him.
Immediately John's eyes turned to her, widening in surprise, and Jen flushed in humiliation. She could only imagine what he saw—her lying on her boss' lounge completely naked other than her black thigh-high boots, her entire body glistening from oil. In shame, she realized she had pulled one foot up on the couch, leaving her other leg on the floor. In such a position, her legs were parted, blatantly exposing herself to him and Jen's body was flooded with emotions and desire as John's eyes moved between her legs, obviously seeing her swollen, reddened, damp slit!
John's eyes literally devoured the image of her, and Jen felt her body flushing once again—both in shame and arousal—as her best friend's boyfriend gazed at her, his eyes barely watching where he was going as he walked to Mr. DeWight's desk and set down a bottle of champagne and two glasses.
"Thank you, John," Mr. DeWight said as the man's attention continued to focus on her. "We're celebrating Diamond's first production release. I'll have to send all the staff a copy later once it is officially released next week," she heard Mr. DeWight say.
And still John's lecherous gaze did not turn from Jen, even as he walked out of the office, it only breaking as the door finally closed behind him.
Jen realized she had bothered covering herself up, not even closing her legs as she laid on the chaise couch, keeping them spread like a complete slut. Then again, her mind rationalized that was what she was. She had simply laid there while Mr. DeWight had his way with her, while she watched a movie of her fucking another man. Her mind no longer differentiated being finger-fucked versus actually having sex, as both were blatant vulgar acts, and she knew she would have allowed either to happen, her body heating up again.
Her attention was brought back to movement as Mr. DeWight poured them both a glass of champagne, coming over and handing her a glass. Taking a sip, Jen was suddenly thankful for the cool crisp bite of the alcohol against her tongue, drinking the glass fully and accepting a refill as she laid upon the couch.
"You look incredible dear," Mr. DeWight said, standing above her as he sipped his own glass of champagne, looking down at her hungrily.
Jen felt her body flush even warmer, her brain registering her shame as arousal as she looked up at Mr. DeWight. Seeing his look—the same which had appeared on John's face only moments before—Jen felt desirable, and she relished in the sensation. Oddly enough, after all that had happened to her the last few weeks, this was the first time she felt this way. Previously she had experienced shame, humiliation, embarrassment, and a sundry of other emotions, including eventual lust; however, she had never actually felt desirable, she had never felt a satisfaction at a man looking at her in such a visceral, 'I want to fuck you,' way, or wanting to please him because of it.
After seeing herself in her movie—amazed at how enticing and beautiful she had looked, even if it was a porno movie—Jen comprehended all the stares she had been getting from Mr. DeWight, from men in the club, the male porn stars she had met, the FBI agents, and every other man she had come in contact, they had all desired her. They were not the generalized lustful gazes of a man towards any women, she suddenly realized their looks were desiring HER, Jen Simmons. No, she corrected herself, they were desiring Diamond, the Divine Silk Attractions spokesmodel. They were not desiring a beautiful woman, they wanted her, and only her.
THIS was why her body had been reacting to their intense gazes, the epiphany coming to her as her body once more heated up in welcoming desire beneath Mr. DeWight's gaze. Her mind had been slow, actually weeks behind her body, it too preoccupied with trying to deny her body's reactions.
She actually WANTED to be desirable, and she once again felt her breasts tighten, her nipples hardening, even while she knew her slit was becoming moist, welcoming the sensation instead of fighting it.
Trying to hide her emotions, she took another sip of champagne, thanking Mr. DeWight for his compliment as he smiled at her, his eyes taking in her nakedness—to her actual delight.
"I have quite a bit of work to do, but I would find it quite satisfying if you remained there until I am done with it," he told her.
Jen had finished practice, and had nothing else planned for the day, so shrugged. Even though she was naked, her body having been felt up by her boss and glistening with massage oil, for once she did not mind herself being on display.
A small part of her once again tried to come to the forefront, asking what was happening to her, but for the first time since Mr. DeWight had entered her life, she simply let things go without a fight.
Her attention was brought back to Mr. DeWight as he said, "If you don't mind, I'd like to move this couch to the other side of the room, so you are facing towards me and I can appreciate you better," he smiled at her.
Jen gave another noncommittal shrug, and stood up at Mr. DeWight's insistence, no longer caring about being completely naked in her boss' office.
She watched as he effortlessly picked up the Victorian furniture and set it on the other side of the office, marveling at the man's physical strength, and without any direction from Mr. DeWight, Jen sat back down once the chaise lounge was in its new position.
While watching Mr. DeWight return to his desk, she lifted her left leg onto the couch, keeping her right leg on the floor, once more blatantly exposing herself. Only this time, instead of being embarrassed, she felt a flush of warmth between her legs and throughout her entire body, feeling excited at the knowledge of her desirability.
Mr. DeWight held up the bottle of champagne, and Jen realized she had already finished her glass. Nodding as she stood up, she allowed him to refill her glass. Before she could turn around and sit back down, she saw him holding out the bottle of massage gel, which she took, looking at him questioningly.
"I like that shiny look on you, but it's fading," he explained in answer to her silent question. "So why don't you put some more on while I work," he grinned.
Jen knew he wanted to watch her touch herself, but once more, instead of embarrassment, the feeling of desirability overcame any hesitations so taking the bottle, she quietly returned to the couch, resuming her pervious pose.
Setting down her glass of champagne, she squeezed out a glob of the gel onto her hand, and once she rubbed her hands together, began smearing it on each of her arms. Immediately her skin heated up as whatever was in the gel once again soothed her muscles.
A knock on the door interrupted her thoughts as Mr. DeWight told whomever was outside to come in.
Jen's eyes widened as Mary stepped into the room, their eyes immediately locking as Jen ceased her rubbing and reached reactively up to cover her breasts.
She felt her body flushing in embarrassment at her best friend seeing her state of undress in their boss' office as Mary said, "Sir, you wanted to see me?"
Mr. DeWight smiled, saying, "Yes, yes Kitten. Please, have a seat. And Diamond, you can continue with what you were doing, I'm sure Kitten has seen your breasts enough times already," he smiled.
Jen slowly lowered her arm as Mary sat down. From her seat, she was partially facing Jen, and she once again felt a flush of embarrassment as Mary glanced at her, watching as Jen began smearing the oily mixture on her shoulders.
Mr. DeWight's voice caught both of their attention.
"I am having interviews with everybody in the club today, so you are just the first, Kitten," Mr. DeWight said in way of explanation. "Nobody is in any trouble," he grinned, seeing Mary's concern. "I simply wanted to get to know everybody in the club now that it is under new ownership—particularly before any major changes beyond the renovation occur," he told them both. "I didn't want to charge in here as a new owner like a bull in a china shop and disrupt the normal flow of the club, and I have in fact been very impressed with Mr. Franklin's previous management. This club has made a decent profit over the last few years—particularly compared to the other club across town—and I did not want to interrupt that. It's given me some time to get to know most of you, to see how you all operate, that sort of thing" he told them both.
"One thing I was particularly impressed with was how well you girls get along. I've run my fair share of clubs, and I have never seen a club where all the girls have gotten along so well with each other," he said.
Holding up his hands to halt any reply from either girl, he continued.
"I'm not saying you are all the best of friends, but you all work well together, and I know much of that has to do with Diamond here, but while she's been gone on other company business, I've seen you step up in her stead," he told Mary. "As such, I'm promoting you to assistant manager. You will be in charge of the girls here at the Satin Kitty," he told her, to both her and Diamond's pleased surprise. "You will be the club's 'main girl' when it comes to any issues involving the girls here—working with Diamond if there is anything to be handled at a corporate level. But I expect such issues to be minor. With Diamond's attention more focused on managing all the clubs, I would like you to take her place and be in charge here at the Satin Kitty," he concluded.
Jen was proud of her friend, not knowing how the club had run the previous week. She shamefully realized she had been so caught up in her own events, she had not even thought about the girls here at the Satin Kitty. Mr. DeWight was right, even today she had been thinking more in terms of DSA overall than the club as a separate entity when they were practicing.
Before Mary, or even Jen, could say anything Mr. DeWight added, "And there are additional perks. For one, I will be increasing your salary by five percent, as well as increasing all bonuses awarded to you by an additional ten percent," he added.
Jen was thrilled, her friend needed the money even more than she did, as Mary thanked Mr. DeWight.
"It is I who should be thanking you. The Satin Kitty has given me several ideas to implement at all my other clubs, and Diamond has also taken initiative towards their improvement," he answered. "I want to personally thank you for taking the initiative here, not to mention your efforts at keeping my friend Dan company," Mr. DeWight said with a laugh, immediately catching both women's attention as he continued.
"I still want that to continue, by the way. You have followed my requests without hesitation, and have gone out of your way to keep him happy. I know that's asking a lot, as I understand you and our bartender are seeing each other," he said. "But family comes first, and I consider Dan family," he told her, "so keep him happy."
"If you wish sir," Mary replied. "Although I wonder if another girl would be more to his taste," she said, giving Jen a quick glance.
Jen knew Mary did not want to piss her off—even though her and Dan's relationship was being kept from Mr. DeWight, they were engaged. She needed to talk to Mary and Dan about this 'match up' so Mr. DeWight did not get suspicious. If Mr. DeWight was going to 'throw' a girl at Dan to keep him 'happy,' Mary was the ideal choice. If Dan had to be with somebody, Jen would prefer it to be her best friend than anybody else!
"No, I've seen the way he looks at you. In fact, other than Diamond here, I don't think he finds any of the other girls here of much interest," Mr. DeWight added. "Although he has given Crystal some long looks," he grinned.
Jen knew Dan's attention on Mary and Denise were because of their friendship, although Mr. DeWight obviously interpreted those looks as sexual. But again, if Mr. DeWight was going to have somebody hang all over her fiancé, she preferred it to be Mary.
Mary nodded and again thanked Mr. DeWight. He briefly made small talk about their practice session, asking if she was excited for their sets Friday, and Mary answered saying it broke the monotony of dancing at the club.
Her comment seemed to pique Mr. DeWight's interest, telling her he could 'hook her up' with some additional work outside of the club on a more corporate level if she were interested.
Alarm bells immediately went off in Jen's head. Knowing the type of man Mr. DeWight was, she did not want Mary involved in any of the perversions she herself had already been subjected to. She needed to warn Mary privately, thankful as Mr. DeWight dismissed her, telling her to send in Crystal.
Denise entered the office a few moments later—her reaction to Jen's state of undress being more shocked than Mary's. Mr. DeWight basically said the same speech to her about wanting to observe how everybody worked before making any changes and so forth, also telling her his first change was promoting Mary to be the 'mother hen,' explaining if she had any issues to work with her. Denise had no qualms about Mary, although Jen wondered what the other girls would say, and seemed happy with the promotion.
Mr. DeWight also offered some advice about her performances—stressing full nudity would be something to consider advancing her career. Jen again felt a wave of caution as Mr. DeWight also mentioned there could be additional work outside of the club if she was interested, Jen once again making a mental note to warn her friends.
The comments were not limited to Mary and Denise, as Mr. DeWight gave the same speech to every girl at the club as they all entered his office for his 'review' meetings, Diamond continuing to sit on the couch and apply the massage gel as needed.
The only difference to in all the sessions was when Mr. DeWight suggested to the girls who had never joined Diamond in her practice sessions—Jemisha/Tiger, Gen/Emerald, and Evelyn/Delilah—that if they wanted to remain in the club, the needed to start attending practice sessions or seek outside pole dancing lessons. While Jen personally agreed with Mr. DeWight's assessments, she took offense to the way he talked to the women, treating them more as commodities than actual people. He made it perfectly clear if his 'suggestions' were not followed the girls should start looking for new work.
Even though the girls were not close friends to her, Jen immediately spoke up during Jemisha's review.
"Sir, as the VP of Ecdysiast Services," she said, using her official title, "I believe it is my role to assess the girls," she told him, somewhat hesitant to go against the man.
But her hesitancy was bolstered by the look of relief Jemisha gave her, the woman obviously surprised at Jen confronting Mr. DeWight. Even naked and vulnerable, on display before them, she had the courage to confront their boss. Jen immediately saw a mutual respect from the woman.
Mr. DeWight surprised them both by smiling widely. "Good, then it's settled. Diamond here will assess your improvements, as well as the other girls I will be talking to, and decide if you stay or go. Let's shoot for some time after her tour--so that will give you over a month's time. Even the DJs could learn to dance well in that time," he grinned.
Jen realized all too late she had been set up. Mr. DeWight had obviously expected her to speak up. The man did nothing without an agenda, and she had been put on display to show the girls his control over her, their supposed boss, as well as show them how to become one of the company's cash cows. It was his way of saying, 'Look at Diamond, she is a naked slut who fucks whomever I order, and she is higher on the corporate totem pole than you! So you know how less I think of you.'
Once the last of the girls—Dee Dee, who was a part time dancer—was dismissed, Mr. DeWight got up and refilled her glass of champagne.
"I wanted you to present with my meeting with the girls because you want to take an active part in their management," he grinned at her. "I fully expect you to meet with each of the girls in this same fashion at every club during your tour, as well as on a regular basis," he told her.
Jen suspected Mr. DeWight was purposely placing more pressure on her in retaliation of her demands to be in charge of the girls, so she merely shrugged, accepting the responsibility. Her acceptance was somewhat a farce—being naked and covered in oil before him, particularly after him feeling her up intimately—but she did not want him to feel he had gotten the upper hand.
"I wanted you here to become more comfortable being naked, and figured it would help by doing so before your friends and coworkers. But I also want you to be more sexual and not be shy," Mr. DeWight told her as she listened to him intently. "If all you were expected to do was dance, I would say continue as you have been," he told her, looking at her intently. "But you are the DSA spokesmodel, and not should be more comfortable at displaying yourself in more intimate settings."
Jen abruptly felt butterflies of fear and caution within her stomach, suspecting more to Mr. DeWight's discussion.
"Melissa stated in her report that although your photoshoots were outstanding—and she has surprisingly requested to be your personal photographer—she did mention you needed some liquid courage each time to loosen up," he told her.
Jen nodded, beginning to get a sinking suspicion Mr. DeWight was about to suggest something vulgar and degrading.
"I can't have the DSA spokesmodel shit-faced or doped up every time you are in public," he told her sternly. "So, I am about to interview the guys working for the club next," he told her, Jen wondering in fear what he was about to say. "As such, I want you to remain on the couch, but I expect you to be more...well, let's just call it like it is, be sluttier," he told her.
Jen looked up at him in surprise, seeing Mr. DeWight's lecherous gaze and smirk as he continued.
"Touch your tits, squeeze them, pinch them, whatever, but I also expect more. In fact, if you're not fingering yourself by the end of each interview, I'll have you fucked on stage by some random guy every night until your die of old age to make sure you are used to it, is that understood Miss 'I-am-in-charge-of-the-girls?'" Mr. DeWight said caustically.
Staring into her boss' eyes, Jen immediately recognized the man the FBI wanted to put away, a man whose only value in women was how much money he could make degrading them. She knew without any doubt he would make good on his threat as her blood ran cold, chastising herself for letting her guard down and pushing him to this point. He was nothing but a misogynist cold-hearted killer, she reminded herself.
"I said is that understood?" he repeated, his voice colder than before.
"Yes sir," she answered, knowing there was no other answer.
"Good!" Mr. DeWight said.
She was surprised at the light-hearted tone of his voice suddenly, as if a light switch had been flicked, his mood instantly amicable again.
Jen had put herself in a false sense of security, once more reminding herself Mr. DeWight was a psychopath. She needed to find some incriminating evidence against him soon!
"And don't give me that look," he said, sitting back at his desk again. "I know you'll enjoy yourself. The goal here is to be intimate without any regard to who else is around you," he grinned. "Hell, you've already performed your first movie by fucking Sean," he said happily. "And let's not forget your wanton gangbang with the other guys," he said with a laugh.
Immediately Jen's eyes opened wide in surprise as she looked at Mr. DeWight in horror. How had he known about her being with the other porn stars? Had one of them said something to him?
Mr. DeWight's voice broke her reverie as he said, "Oh? You don't remember? Here, let me remind you," he told he with a laugh, clicking his mouse a few times on the computer.
Once more the lights dimmed as the television screens lit up; however, this time it was not a high-classed production of a porn movie, but an image looking to be filmed by a camcorder. As Jen watched the television screen, she instantly recognized the guys' hotel bedroom, a sinking hole suddenly opening in her stomach.
Her recognition was confirmed when she saw herself step in to the picture, completely naked.
A pair of hands reached around her and put on a blindfold, and Jen remembered Carl doing so. Then she watched as she crawled upon the bed, hearing herself say something about them being honest if they did not spin a green.
Her comment was followed a few moments later by somebody saying, "Lucky bastard!"
At that moment the picture was taken up completely by the Twister spin board they had played with—and to Jen's horror, the dial was clearly on red, not green! Which mean everything that had happened, had been orchestrated by the men.
The dial was pulled away from the camera and Jen watched as a naked man with a buzz cut and a huge erection—she thought his name was Steve, ashamed she could not remember the names of somebody she had intercourse with—kissed her deeply. Staring in shock and awe, she watched as another man with dark-hair move down to suckle her breast, her gasp of pleasure fully audible over the speakers in the office.
Jen recalled seeing the tripods when she had woken in the hotel room. At the time, she had thought nothing about them, believing them to be stored there by the guys; however, she now realized they had not been as empty as she had assumed. Her entire ordeal with the five men had been recorded!
"How?" Jen asked, still staring at the screen as another man began suckling her other breast.
She could only stare dumbfounded as another man—Tom, finally recognizing one of the men—spread her legs and moved between them, followed by her screams of pleasure, coming across loud over the speakers as he began eating her out.
Mr. DeWight's voice came to her as if from a far distance, saying, "I told you I own you. Your pussy, your tits, everything. When you mentioned going out with Sean, I called him and told him to give you a proper DSA welcome," he chuckled. "I will admit, I had only expected the two of you to pair up—maybe even get a glimpse of that hot assistant of yours," he said with another laugh. "But once again you more than exceeded my expectations," he told her happily.
Jen finally broke her gaze away from the televisions to Mr. DeWight—the scene having progressed to the removal of her blindfold and her sucking the shaven-haired guy's cock—seeing her boss smiling wider than the Cheshire Cat.
"Granted the quality of the movie is still raw, but once the editorial department gets through with it, it will be as flawless as 'The Homecumming,'" he told her with another smile. "It will be a grand addition to your repertoire."
The sounds of sex were coming across the speakers, but Jen refused to look at the television monitors again, focusing on Mr. DeWight who finally turned off the movie.
"We'll screen this when the post production work is completed," he told her, "but back to the original point. Even in this," he said waving to the computer, "you were drunk and had apparently taken a couple hits of Ecstasy," Mr. DeWight said. "What I want you to work on is becoming comfortable with your own sexuality," he told her, as Jen's surprise over seeing her gangbang on film overwhelmed her. "To that end, I want you to play with yourself while I review the guys. As you so aptly reminded me, as VP of Ecdysiast Services you are in charge of the girls; however, everyone belongs to me. The guys are all mine, and as such, I expect you—who also belongs to me—to entertain them," he explained with an evil grin.
After the last few days, even as vulgar and degrading as Mr. DeWight's expectations of her were, Jen had already given in to the idea of her having to 'perform' before strangers. The issue and concerns she was having now were because these were guys were NOT strangers—she had known several of them for years, and considered friends. It had been bad enough being naked and exposed while the girls had come into the office, but she was a stripper in a strip club, such was to be expected. Even the guys had seen her naked, but now she was being asked to do much more before them. Now she was being told to be purposely lewd, to touch herself in front of them!
"Have I made myself clear?" Mr. DeWight voice came to her, breaking her reverie as he looked at her.
Jen knew there was nothing she could do but comply. Mr. DeWight's earlier threat was not something she was willing to test.
She quietly nodded to him.
"Good," her boss said with obvious satisfaction, once again his threatening demeanor having shut off and him being pleasant. "Since I want you to be comfortable, I'll be generous and allow you to pick the first guy I'll review," he told her with a smile.
Mr. DeWight's offer was an empty one, as Jen would have to 'perform' before each guy, and she was overwhelmed by humiliation and embarrassment. Mr. DeWight was not giving her any control by allowing her to select which man she degraded herself before first, he was merely throwing his control over her in her face.
Although she had known the men who worked at the club for years, Dan had been closer to them, having more interaction with them whenever he visited than. But of the three roles they played—bartender, bouncer, and DJ—the girls had more interaction with the DJs. But still...
Jen realized John had already seen her in her current state when he had brought them the champagne, and of all the men in the club, she was more familiar with him through his dating Mary than any of the other guys, so told Mr. DeWight to start with him.
Mr. DeWight shrugged, reaffirming Jen's earlier assumption it did not matter which guy came in first. She watched as he picked up his phone and asked John to come to his office—requesting another bottle of champagne.
Looking at Jen as he hung up the phone, he said, "Although I want you to feel more comfortable without a buzz, I have to admit the champagne is hitting the spot, so will allow you that small allowance," he told her with a smile.
Although a few glasses—or even a bottle or two—of champagne was not enough to get her to the point where she would have willingly exposed herself before the guys—preferring something stronger—she was thankful, and finished her glass while they waited for John to arrive.
They did not have long to wait as a knock on the door announced John's presence.
Mr. DeWight looked over to Jen with and expectant look, so she slowly reached up and cupped her breasts.
She saw him frown as he said, "You might as well put more massage gel on, I'm sure the effect has all but worn off by now," he told her. "And remember, if you do not get off by the end of the review, there will be consequences," he threatened.
Once more she knew his threats were not idle, so with resignation, Jen complied, reaching down, and squirting some of the gel on her hand.
Unfortunately, she her attention was still upon Mr. DeWight and she misjudged the amount of gel, squirting a large copious glob out of the bottle. Sighing at her mishap, Jen rubbed her hands together and once again cupped her breasts, sliding a thick coat of gel upon them.
Her eyes widened as the heat from the gel once again suffused her breasts—Mr. DeWight's assumption of the effect being gone correct. The additional amount caused her breasts to heat up even more than before, and she sighed as a massive heat sunk into her skin, it being almost unbearable as it hit her sensitive nipples.
With a smile, Mr. DeWight yelled for John to enter.
John's eyes widened in surprise and lust as he saw her, a slight pause in his step as he noticed her on the other side of the office; however, seeing her squeezing her breasts before him, his eyes remained glued upon her as he moved to Mr. DeWight's desk.
Jen's body was flushed with heat—and not due to the massage gel—as she felt a return of her previous desire. The mixture of embarrassment and humiliation, in conjunction with her inherent exhibitionism caused her earlier arousal and feeling of desirability to overwhelmed her.
Just as John's eyes could not look away from her, her gaze was locked upon him as she began kneading her breasts, the sensation of the massage gel and her own emotions intertwining as she was flooded with desire.
"Sit down John," Mr. DeWight said, drawing the man's attention away from Jen, John immediately apologizing to Mr. DeWight.
Mr. DeWight smiled. "No need to apologize," he told the man. "I'd be more concerned if you were NOT interested in our spokesmodel putting on such a display," he laughed. "I hope you do not mind her being here for your review, but I wanted her to get used to performing in her new role, so asked her to sit in on these meetings while she practiced," he said in way of explanation to Jen's presence and actions.
John immediately glanced back to her and Jen felt her body flush with heat at his look as he answered, "I don't mind at all Mr. DeWight," he told their boss before turning back to him.
"Good!" Mr. DeWight said as he began talking.
As with the reviews of the girls, Mr. DeWight opened the conversation by telling John how he had wanted to watch the club and people work without intervention. It was the same speech he had given to all the girls, and having heard it already ten times, Jen's mind wandered.
Her mind focused upon the slimy sensation of her hands sliding sensuously across her breasts, the heat of the massage gel continuing to soak into her breasts and nipples, sustaining her body's arousal.
At first, she chastised herself for becoming aroused so quickly, wondering for yet another time how she could become so easily excited. Then she remembered how her day had started—Nick using her until she had cum so hard, her yells had probably peeled off some of the paint on the walls of her bedroom. Part of her quick arousal was due to her predisposition of becoming easier to respond after sex—particularly such good sex, she thought ashamedly.
It was little comfort explaining why she was getting aroused so quickly, as the end result was even more humiliating. Her loins were inflamed, and she was ashamed to know the second she touched herself there it would be her undoing. But Mr. DeWight's orders were clear.
And this was only the first interview! She still had to repeat her vulgar display to five other guys.
A slight change in Mr. DeWight's speech pattern caught her attention, and she was thankful for the diversion, focusing back on the two men's conversation, even as she continued massaging her breasts.
"There is one policy that has bothered me I wanted to change," Mr. DeWight was saying. "And I know this affects you, it being the interaction between the male staff and the girls," he was saying.
John opened his mouth, assuming to say something about him and Mary dating, but Mr. DeWight held up his hand, stopping his reply.
"No, this is not about your relationship with Kitten," Mr. DeWight said, affirming Jen's suspicion. "The only thing I will say about that is you better not be the jealous sort, as you are dating a girl who is being paid to fulfill men's fantasies. If you can handle that, then she's all yours," he smiled. "What I mean is under previous management there had been some rule to not show any interest in the girls. I was told this was because of the previous owner's belief it made them feel uncomfortable. I even heard there were guys fired because some of the girls complained about them," Mr. DeWight said.
Jen once more got a bad feeling as she listened to Mr. DeWight continue.
"I call bullshit on that. We are talking about strippers, women who are being PAID to be naked and have men lust after them, to fantasize about them. Hell, I'll even permit the random grope now and then. And as for staff, why shouldn't one of the perks be to see those girls for free?" Mr. DeWight asked. "So fuck political correctness, go with your inherent nature," their boss said. "If you want to look, look," he told John.
His comment would have a huge impact upon the girls, who had previously been used to their privacy from the male staff. Having the guys look at them—encouraged to do so from Mr. DeWight's tone—was going to lower their self-esteem, something Mr. DeWight obviously cared little about.
"In fact," Mr. DeWight said, breaking Jen's thoughts as he turned to look at her, "Let's watch Diamond for a few minutes before my next meeting," Mr. DeWight said.
Both men turned to look at her, Mr. DeWight smiling widely. Jen looked away from him, directly into John's eyes, and what she saw caused her body to heat up even more.
Jen knew John thought she was hot—Mary herself had admitted to John confessing he had lusted after Jen since the day he first met her. It had been no surprise when Mary commented about John being interested in Diamond's web page.
Yet seeing the man's look caused her lust to increase exponentially. John's look was not that of appreciation of a beautiful woman, or even the yearning stare of a man seeing a desirable woman. The look John was giving her was one of a predator, a look she had seen from Mr. DeWight, and she felt vulnerable in a way she had not felt before.
Her heart beat erratically as her entire body flushed in heat as the two men looked at her hungrily. She had a sudden flashback of her and younger sister Suzanne visiting the zoo once, around the time when the lions were about to be fed. Several of them had focused upon Suzanne like she was their next meal, and it was that look the two men were now giving her, and Jen felt just as vulnerable as her little sister had—only this time, there were no bars.
"Diamond," Mr. DeWight said, drawing Jen's attention to him once more. "I believe your breasts have had enough for the moment, why don't you spread your legs and show us that million-dollar cunt?" her boss ordered vulgarly.
Jen knew there was no baulking at the man's command, particularly considering the threats he had already made.
Her heart racing, Jen lowered her hand. As her forefinger and ring finger wedged in the crook of her crotch, she slid her middle finger between the folds of her slit.
To her shame, she was so focused upon Mr. DeWight and John's stare she had momentarily forgotten how aroused her body was. As her finger slipped within her wet folds without any resistance, she cried out in lust, tilting her head back as she closed her eyes.
"No, open your eyes," Mr. DeWight's voice came to her. "Look at us," he ordered.
Reluctantly Jen obeyed, looking at the two men. Their gazes were so intense, she could not refrain herself, sliding her finger into her pussy, continuing to the second knuckle as her hips began to undulate.
"That's a good girl," Mr. DeWight said. "This meeting will not end until you have a release," he told her.
Had she not been so aroused, Jen would have been upset; however, without any hesitation she began moving her hand faster, her finger sliding in and out of her core. Without any thought she inserted two fingers, her hand beginning to move rapidly as she began touching her clit with her thumb, her fingers sliding rapidly in and out of her wet pussy.
A part of her mind knew she would be embarrassed the next time she saw John, but now, her body so wound up from everything happening today, she looked at him hungrily as she masturbated, her body tensing up in preparation for an orgasm.
And as her eyes locked upon her best friend's boyfriend, she came, her gasp of release exiting her mouth. This orgasm was his, she reasoned, she refused to break her gaze upon him as she gave him something personal.
Being her first orgasm in a few hours, she slowed her hand, her clit suddenly sensitive to the touch as her body continued to shiver with its release.
Her hand was wet with her juices, and she knew without looking down her body was covered with a light sheen of sweat. She could only imagine what the men saw with her hand between her legs, literally feeling the heat from her core against her fingers as she came down from her release.
"Well," Mr. DeWight's voice said, his tone nothing but jovial, "I guess that is the end to our meeting John," he said with a chuckle.
Mr. DeWight stood and shook John's hand. As John turned to leave, Mr. DeWight called out to him, pulling both of their attention towards him.
"Oh John," he said. "What I said earlier about the girls. I don't care what happens to any of them as long as they can work, but that does not apply to Diamond here," Mr. DeWight said. "She is strictly a 'no fly' zone unless at my explicit permission. Is that clear?"
Jen's mind and body were in a haze of post-release, and she barely heard John's "Yes sir" reply as he exited the office, and it was Mr. DeWight's clapping which caught her attention.
"Well done dear! Well done. Only four more reviews to go," he grinned at her.
She barely acknowledged Mr. DeWight refilling her champagne glass as she wondered how she was expected to masturbate in front of every guy who worked for the club; however, she had little time to dwell on the question as a loud knock came from the office door.
Mr. DeWight moved to his desk, telling her, "My dear, I believe it is time to give your breasts some more attention," he instructed said with a chuckle as he raised his voice and invited the next person into the office.
The next review was with Gary, one of the two DJ's of the club. He showed less surprise than John when entering the office and seeing Jen naked upon the couch, kneading her breasts. The DJ's typically paid more attention to the girls than the other men. They had gotten away with it with Willie because they often were present during the girls' practices to make sure the playlists were put together properly. They also had to watch the girls from their booths at night, needing to know when to lower the volume of a song, change the playlist, and so forth.
As such, entering and seeing one of the girls naked in the boss' office was not too far a stretch; however, as Diamond began kneading her breasts—her hands moving more aggressively due to her previous orgasm causing her to be rougher, the DJ began watching her more and more.
Mr. DeWight's speech was almost identical to John's, ending the meeting as before, demanding Diamond pleasure herself until she came, thereby ending the meeting.
When the moment came to touch herself more intimately, Diamond had less hesitation lowering her hand to her crotch, partly because she knew it was inevitable, but also due to her arousal. She WANTED to get off.
As with her breasts, Diamond's body craved a more aggressive approach—a simple finger-fucking would not be enough. As she stared directly into Gary's eyes, she used her forefinger and ring finger to spread her pussy lips wide before lowering her middle finger directly upon her clit.
Her hips involuntarily bucked at the sensation of touching the hard nub, and Diamond almost closed her eyes as her body was swept with lust at the sensation, but remembering Mr. DeWight's order earlier, she kept her gaze locked upon the DJ.
And once again her desirability came to the forefront. This was his orgasm she was coaxing from her body, and she would not deny him seeing all of it upon her face!
She continued to look at him directly in the eyes, fingering her clit over and over as her pussy was spread open, blatantly exposing her pink wetness to both men.
Suddenly she came, her throat letting out a squeak of release as she immediately felt her hand become wet, flooded from her release as her contractions coursed through her entire body, her vaginal muscles clenching down and causing her pussy to squirt out her built up fluids, coating her palm with a warm, slimy flood of desire.
And throughout it all, she kept her eyes locked upon Gary's, giving him his own personal cum as she had given John. This orgasm was more intense, and she knew they would keep building in intensity, but was unable to do anything about it.
When it was over, she once more fell back against the chaise, her body quivering as her mind was saturated in a fog of release. Mr. DeWight dismissed Gary and as he turned towards her, she immediately caught sight of the erection pressing through his pants.
The sight of the man's arousal due to her sent a rush of desire through her as the DJ walked out of the office, and she actually yearned to taste his cock, quickly downing another glass of champagne to quell her lustful emotions. Unfortunately, the cool alcohol barely touched the heat built up inside her as George, the other DJ at the club, entered the office.
This time she needed no urging from Mr. DeWight, immediately spreading more of the massaging gel on her breasts, kneading the greasy mixture vigorously into her skin as the DJ watched her. Looking back at him, Diamond gasped as her nipples absorbed the gel, becoming hot beacons of flame at the end of her tits, fueled by both the gel and her desire.
Hearing Mr. DeWight's speech twice with the men, as well as his version for the girls, Diamond focused immediately upon pleasuring herself, lowering her hand to her crotch before Mr. DeWight could even said a word. She knew what he demanded of her, and was more than willing to comply. Without hesitation she slowly inserted three fingers into her core, gasping out loud as her pussy heated up and swallowed her digits.
She let out a loud groan as her pussy seemed to ignite, realizing too late her hands still had an excess of the gel upon them, the warming action instantly suffusing her entire cunt as she reflexively began moving her hand in and out of her wet core, her hips bucking wildly as she literally fucked herself with her hand.
As with the other men, she stared in to the DJ's eyes the entire time, a deep dark place in her mind wanting to give each man his own personal experience of her masturbating, her orgasms private to each of them.
This third orgasm hit her it with the force of a punch to the gut, and her scream of pleasure echoed within the office unconstrained as her hips lunged wildly against her hand with her release.
Without realizing it, she reached up with her other hand, grasping her left breast roughly and pinching her nipple between two fingers as she grunted and moaned, staring directly into George's eyes.
Her body quivering with her release, she heard Mr. DeWight tell George he was luckier than the other guys, this being the most intense orgasm she had yet today.
As George got up and left, Diamond slumped back into the couch, her hand still buried in her pussy as her vaginal muscles continued to spasm around her fingers. She only removed her hand when Mr. DeWight handed her another glass of champagne, quickly downing the drink as he sat back down at his desk.
And then Gregg entered the room.
Gregg was the closest person in terms of friendship to Dan than any of the other men working at the club. Gregg was the one typically manning the security cameras, so when Dan wanted to watch her perform in the VIP rooms when he visited her at the club, the two men talked together quite a bit. It had been Gregg who had warned Dan about Mr. DeWight, and what could happen with her if Dan left her near the man.
With everything happening so fast, she was certain Dan had not talked to the man. She had just this morning told Mary what was going on, so as the large bouncer walked into the room, she was taken aback by seeing nothing but contempt in his eyes.
After her last intense orgasm, she was sprawled out on the chaise couch, her legs spread wide open, her body covered in oil, and she knew from the wetness still on her hand, her crotch was soaked with her fluids. Gregg could only take things at face value, the scorn his face showed her being his contempt towards her betrayal to Dan. As far as Gregg knew, she was nothing more than a backstabbing, gold-digging, slut who had betrayed his friend and his view of her was even less than Mr. DeWight's.
Immediately her self-esteem hit rock bottom, and combined with the alcohol and her own lust, humiliation, and post-orgasmic haze, she believed everything Gregg's look said to her. She WAS a slut. She HAD betrayed Dan. She had just masturbated in front of three men she had known for years, men she had considered friends, exposing herself completely and brazenly before them, cumming privately for each man as she stared into their eyes.
Despite Gregg's contempt towards her, or perhaps because of it, she was powerless to stop her release for him. She was nothing to him, and his low opinion and her lack of self-esteem affected her in a pronounced fashion—she WANTED to please him, and as Diamond, she had no reason to hold back. In a completely opposite way, she wanted to prove to him his thoughts about her were right, that she was unworthy of any respect.
Immediately her hand moved to her crotch, and without any preamble of feeling her breasts and as Gregg glared at her, began stroking herself, brazenly finger-fucking herself as she stared directly at him. Her other hand began clutching her breast and playing with her nipple, but she kept staring at Gregg.
By the time Mr. DeWight finished his talk with him—Diamond barely listening—she had worked her pussy juices to a froth, her hand moving so vigorously between her legs she was almost fisting herself, four fingers slamming into her core as her thumb repeatedly pounded against her clit. There was nothing she could do to change Gregg's contempt of her, so she had no reason to hold back as her hips bucked wildly against her hand, her legs spread wide as she blatantly and capriciously fucked herself with her hand.
Gregg's disdain for her practically bubbled out of his eyes like a backed up septic tank, and Diamond had to prove his contempt was not without reason as she stared into his eyes, giving him the complete cum that she felt owed to him.
And cum she did. As intense as her previous orgasms were, this one was magnitudes greater, slamming into her body like a locomotive as her entire body hunched into a fetal position, her legs clamping around her hand as it slammed into her pussy. She screamed out like somebody being murdered, her eyes watering as she continued to stare unblinking, her eyes locked on to Gregg's.
Diamond could not contain herself as she practically pissed in her hand, the fluids from her release so intense, if her hand had not been there to stop it she had no doubt she would have squirted all the way to the two men.
And the orgasm continued to overwhelm her, her body bowed forward like she had been sucker punched in the gut, her entire being jerking wildly as she was wracked with spasms—yet her eyes remained locked onto Gregg's, even as his contempt for her burned holes into her soul.
And then she saw something in his look beyond the contempt, beyond the repugnance and antipathy. As she looked at him, she saw something familiar, something she had seen in every man's eyes who had watched her—lust. And his look caused another wave of orgasms to pass through her.
This was a man who would hate-fuck her, fiercely and without restraint, channeling all his contempt into his use of her.
And she wanted it. She wanted it like nothing else.
Diamond realized she was crying, her orgasm so intense and her self-esteem so low she could not resist the flood of emotions and hormones coursing through her as her release continued to wrack her body, her vaginal muscles spasming continuously around her fingers.
"'A lap dance is so much better when the stripper is crying,'" quoted Mr. DeWight as Diamond barely acknowledge him, Gregg finally getting up and leaving.
But not until she noted the erection pointing directly in front of him, her wanting nothing more than to have it used upon her.
Her thoughts triggered another wave of spasms through her, and she was so caught up in the haze and stupor of her release she did not even realize Brutus had entered the office until Mr. DeWight asked him to sit down.
Diamond looked at him with her tear stained face, gazing directly into Brutus' eyes. She imagined what he saw: her body glistening and covered in oil, her legs spread wide-open, her hand shoved halfway into her pussy, and her entire body hunched over and still jerking with spasms. All while her face tear-streaked face looked at him with nothing but complete and utter lust in her eyes.
Unlike Gregg, who had viewed her with contempt for her betrayal of Dan, Diamond saw nothing but hunger and wanton desire in Brutus' eyes. Whereas Gregg's gaze condemned her for her blatant and hardcore release, Brutus' eyes showed more than lust, it showed the desirability she had seen from the other men's eyes earlier, the look of a man wanting to use and ravage HER, not because of being a woman, but because she was Diamond.
He wanted her, and her alone.
Immediately her body responded to his praising look, his admiration of her blatant sexual ferocity. His look was almost a physical presence washing over her, and Diamond's body once more heated up, her pussy becoming saturated, her desire manifested like molten lava as it coated her fingers.
While Mr. DeWight began his typical speech, Diamond sat back up on the chaise, her movement causing Brutus to glance at her, and her body flushed with desire. After cumming so hard moments before, she could barely think, her mind and body on a sexual high where all she could think about was her unadulterated pleasure.
Needing some 'downtime' to recuperate, she pulled her hand out from her crotch, sighing at the friction against her core. Without even thinking about it, she stuck three fingers into her mouth, almost groaning at the tangy sweetness of her own juices against her tongue as Mr. DeWight and Brutus watched her.
Their attention caused her body to flood with heat, her desire so visceral and her nerves so on edge, she was at the point where she could cum from the slightest touch, the mere touch of her clit sending her over the edge again.
As much as her body yearned for another release, she needed to prolong her agony, not wanting to shorten the orgasm she felt she owed Brutus, wanting to give him what she had given the other men.
Attempting to gather her thoughts and come down from her post-orgasmic high, she focused upon Mr. DeWight's voice talking to Brutus. As the haze of lust slowly cleared her mind, Diamond realized there was something different to this review compared to the other men, as Mr. DeWight was now talking about her tour and his visit to Europe.
"I can't have the club go without management for over a week. And even if I wasn't traveling, I have an entire corporation to run, so although I have a personal interest in this club," he said, looking towards Diamond, "I need to spend time at headquarters," Mr. DeWight was saying to Brutus.
Diamond forgot her surging desire, her mind now focused upon what Mr. DeWight was saying.
"Before I bought this club," he continued, "I talked extensively with Mr. Franklin concerning the personnel. He told me two things I have discovered to be completely true. First, Diamond there is the sexiest, most incredible thing to have ever graced the planet; which is why I chose her as our spokesmodel. She is the epitome of all the DSA represents."
Diamond did not know whether to take his words as a compliment or insult, knowing the things going on in DSA's name; however, Mr. DeWight continued speaking.
"Secondly, Mr. Franklin told me you expressed interest in being more than a bouncer, and after watching you work, you might have what it takes to manage a club. I would like to offer you a position as assistant manager of the Satin Kitty, running the club while I'm away and—if things work out to our mutual satisfaction—taking over for me," Mr. DeWight said.
"Mr. DeWight, it would be an honor," Brutus said.
Diamond agreed with Mr. DeWight's assessment, as she had with his evaluations on the dancers. Brutus was the only man in the club who had shown initiative, getting to know everybody in the club and going out of his way to help them. There had been several times when Brutus had to make decisions for the club as the seniority presence, and she—as well as all the other girls—would not mind working for him.
"Diamond, do you agree with my assessment?" Mr. DeWight asked, suddenly getting her attention.
Repeating his question, she nodded, telling him she completely agreed with him.
To her surprise, her voice came out coarse and husky, her previous screams of pleasure having taken their toll as Mr. DeWight smiled at her.
She felt a flush of her previous arousal at his look, along with a mixture of embarrassment and arousal as Brutus also looked at her. Once more she became conscious of her appearance, her body flushed and aroused after three intense orgasms, her nipples and breasts both taunt and aching, and her skin covered with glistening massage gel. And if they could read her mind, they would know of the feelings coursing through her from her post-releases and the warming factor of the massage gel.
"You know," Mr. DeWight said, once more getting her attention as he looked at her. "Diamond has been trying to get acclimated to men watching her," he told Brutus, also saying it for her benefit, "which is why she is in her current state," he said with a chuckle. "But I believe this occasion calls for something more special," he said with a grin. "Diamond, I think you can congratulate Brutus on his new position better than I," he told her, looking at her intently.
Diamond suddenly got a sinking suspicion in her mind, confirmed when Mr. DeWight said, "I believe your congratulations to Tim for his promotion are in order, don't you agree Diamond?" he said with a sadistic grin.
Immediately Diamond recalled the blowjob she had been forced in giving Tim, images of him clutching her head firmly as he literally face-fucked her flashing into her mind. It had been in this very room, in front of the very chair Brutus was sitting in, recalling the video posted upon the website. Her body flushed in shame recalling her face on the screen performing such an act to a man she barely knew.
This time she was being asked to perform the degrading act to a man she DID know, somebody she had known for years. Although she was not necessarily close to any of the men who worked at the club, she had become to think of Brutus as almost a brother, somebody who had looked out and taken care of the girls when in trouble. Now she was being asked to degrade herself before him in a very personal act.
Her eyes opened wide in comprehension at Mr. DeWight's request, while at the same time, her previous arousal came back to her in full force.
She remembered Gregg leaving with his obvious erection, and her desire to do more than watch.
Involuntarily her eyes were drawn to Brutus' lap, yearning for his body to have a similar reaction. Immediately she felt a flush of heat between her legs, aching for sex as she looked up at Brutus' face, seeing nothing but desire for her.
Her heart fluttered. Brutus may not be aware of what Mr. DeWight was suggesting, but the sexual tension in the office was a palpable presence, and the lust in his eyes spoke volumes.
She looked back at Mr. DeWight who smiled. Brutus, had treated her with nothing but respect, and even if his look spoke volumes as to his desire, he was still family. But Mr. DeWight's stern look also spoke volumes.
Her boss' smile grew even wider as he said, "Why don't you slide off that couch and crawl over here to the desk," he told, his words more of a demand than suggestion.
Diamond's body instantly complied, and she was halfway to them on her hands and knees before her mind registered what she was doing. It was as if one moment she was sitting on the lounge, and blinking, found herself on her hands and knees.
And she did not simply crawl. Her inner stripper was in full control as she moved, her ass swaying behind her, her movements deliberate as she stared directly at Brutus.
Mr. DeWight's voice came from a distance as she crawled to them. "Brutus, you are about to receive something very precious and not offered to many," he said with a chuckle. "In fact, I think this is something to be shared with the world," she heard him say, finally reaching Brutus sitting in his chair.
Brutus was looking down at her with a mixture of desire and confusion, not yet comprehending what was about to occur—but the lust in his eyes and his heated expectation were all she needed.
Diamond's mind was focused on lust, the heat and arousal built up within her to the point where her body wanted more than a blowjob. As her skin tingled and heated from the massage gel coating her, she wanted what was about to happen as much as Brutus.
Mr. DeWight's voice filled the room she sat back on her feet, still looking at Brutus.
"I have a perfect idea," Mr. DeWight said behind her. "Brutus, if you don't mind standing up, I'd like you to take this web cam and film Diamond's congratulations on your new position," Mr. DeWight said with a chuckle.
Diamond looked over her shoulder and saw Mr. DeWight unhooking the camera on his monitor and handing to Brutus, who had stood up before her.
She had been recorded sucking Tim of without her knowledge, but there was no pretense now, and she understood this was her new life, this was what a DSA spokesmodel did. Even as a small part of her yelled caution, her hesitation was overshadowed by lust, her body and mind overwhelmed by the day's events—the combination sex earlier in the morning, the endorphin release from her physical exertions during her practice session with the girls, Mr. DeWight's groping of her while watching her first porn movie, and the sessions in front of the men. Everything had affected her like a snowball rolling downhill, her lust building bigger and bigger within her until now, where she was not only following Mr. DeWight's direction, but anticipating sucking Brutus off.
"Go on Diamond, do what you do best," Mr. DeWight said with obvious delight, breaking her train of thoughts as Brutus stood before her, holding the web camera near his shoulder down to her.
The desire to give Brutus his own personal 'treat' came to her as if a circuit breaker had been turned on, her body flaring up in lust. She felt her mouth water in anticipation for what was about to happen, and without hesitation, reached up and unbuckled Brutus' belt.
Brutus' eyes widened in surprise as he finally understood what was about to happen. Out of the corner of her eyes, she noticed her face now upon all the television screens around the office—Mr. DeWight apparently streaming the web cam to them.
Once his belt was unbuckled, Diamond unzipped his pants, pulling them down with his boxer briefs, his manhood springing free and his semi-hard cock slapping her in the face.
"Keep the camera focused upon her," Mr. DeWight said as Brutus' cock bobbed in front of her, his voice having an almost dream-like quality to it.
Diamond reached up and squeezed her breasts, smiling up at Brutus—and the camera—as she then reached out and grasped his cock.
Brutus let out a yell of "Oh fuck!" his gasp filling the office and Diamond smiled, knowing the massage gel was heating up his cock even as it provided lubricant as she began stroking the hardening member.
As her had slid up and down his shaft, she examined his cock. It was about two hands-breadths long, so around ten inches—an admirable size for her lust-filled mind. It was also thick, her fingers unable to meet her thumb as she grasped it, her core immediately heating up at the thought of it stretching her wide.
Looking up again, Brutus' face was staring down at her in awe and almost worship, his hands barely aware of holding the web camera upon her as she smiled up at him.
Reaching up with her other hand, she groped her breast to get more of the massage gel upon it before cupping his balls, her lubricated hand sliding over the hairy sac. She smiled when Brutus let out another gasp of obvious pleasure.
Glancing back at the television screens, she saw her face heavily made up, her mascara smeared with streaks down her cheeks from crying earlier from her intense orgasm. She thought she looked a wreck; however, Brutus' eyes showed nothing but desire as her body flushed in response to his gaze down upon her.
With no more hesitation, she opened her mouth and took his now hard cock into it, her lips clamping over the shaft as she slowly fed the large dick into her mouth.
Both groaned—Brutus from the sensation of her hot mouth surrounding his cock, and Diamond because of the hard member entering her mouth, as well as the warm sensation infusing her lips and tongue as the massage gel coated them.
Groaning again at the salty sweat of his cock upon her tongue, she vaguely realized the gel was tasteless; however, that was of little concern for her as she began eagerly sucking Brutus' cock, taking it fully into the mouth until it pressed into the back of her throat, before sliding it out slowly, her tongue working the large thick vein beneath.
"Look up to the camera Diamond," Mr. DeWight directed, his voice drifting to her as she realized she had closed her eyes.
She immediately complied, recalling a porn movie she had once seen entitled 'Blowjob POV'—the abbreviation for Point-Of-View obviously from the man's position. Remembering the woman in that movie, she began to eagerly suck Brutus' cock as she looked upwards, her eyes never leaving the camera.
The sounds of slurping and gargling—Brutus' cock forcefully hitting the back of her spit-filled mouth—filled the room, while Brutus and Mr. DeWight urged her on.
Knowing she had built up enough saliva in her mouth, Diamond took hold of Brutus' hips. Still looking straight up at him and the camera he was holding, she moved her head forward. This time, instead of stopping as his cock touched the back of her throat and lodging at the base of her tongue, she loosened her throat muscles. Pulling his hips forward, she continued feeding Hiscock into her throat until his balls were touching her chin, her nose wedged into his pelvis—all while staring straight up at him and the camera.
Brutus gave out a load groan as his cock was completely engulfed by the stripper before him.
Although she could not breathe, glancing at the television camera and seeing the erotic sight of her pressed against the bouncer's body with her mouth filled with Brutus' cock was the most erotic thing she had ever seen, and she held herself there, even as her body began to demand more air, she held herself still until she had to breathe or pass out.
Pushing forward and sliding the cock out of her throat with a large gurgle, she grabbed it as it sprang free form her lips, letting out a large gasp of air as saliva streaked down her chin, rolling down to splatter upon her breasts and thighs.
Even as she gasped for breath, Diamond did not leave Brutus' cock idle, her hand vigorously stroking his glistening spit-covered shaft, the squishing sounds of her movements again filling the room.
Once she had gotten her breath, she repeated her deep-throating maneuver, over and over, taking Brutus' cock fully into her throat and holding it there until she needed to breathe, getting her breath, and then taking him again. And again.
Her chin and chest, as well as her thighs—not to mention Brutus' cock—were covered with her frothy saliva, and each time she pulled his cock from her mouth, long foamy strings connected his cock and her mouth, as if both parts of their anatomy refused to part.
Diamond lost all track of time, bit eventually she became aware of Brutus' cock becoming hard as steel, while his scrotum seemed to tighten, wrapping tautly around his balls, and she knew he was moments from cumming. The bouncer's imminent release seemed to fuel her on even more as she began vigorously sucking his cock, her head moving back and forth rapidly, Brutus' cock plunging in and out from between her lips. The sounds of sucking—his cock leaving her mouth quickly and breaking the suction of her cheeks—accompanied the slurping as she zealously sucked him back in to her mouth—filled the office.
Mr. DeWight also much have noticed Brutus was about to cum, as he said, "Open your mouth and jack him off on your tongue, dear" he directed.
She was so filled with lust and in the moment, she complied without hesitation, resting the head of Brutus' cock on her tongue as her hand vigorously squeezed and pumped his shaft, her thumb firmly gliding up and down the swollen, rock-hard vein beneath.
All this time she looked up at Brutus and the camera, her mouth wide open as she jerked him wildly, squeezing his cock as much as she rapidly jacked him off.
Brutus let out a grunt and Diamond felt his cock spasm in her hand, as his cock erupted, jets of cum shooting out of the tip of his cock like a rocket.
Diamond blinked as the first stream of cum landed on the side of her nose, almost catching her in the eye, then feeling the heat of the next spurt of viscous liquid against her forehead. Reacting instinctively, she pulled her hand down, allowing the subsequent squirts to shoot directly in her mouth against her tongue.
"Don't swallow yet!" Mr. DeWight cried as once again Diamond obeyed without question, clamping her throat closed as Brutus' ejaculate continued spurting upon her tongue, the fluid building up in the back of her throat. Her mind immediately thought of eating raw oysters—only this was a warm instead of cold sensation.
Her hand was now squeezing and milking Brutus' cock, working the cum out of him and onto her tongue.
"OK Diamond, show us your prize," she heard Mr. DeWight say.
Once more without any hesitation. she moved her tongue to the back of her throat, scooping the large pool of semen filling the back of her throat and pushing it forward. Tilting her head back and opening her mouth to the camera, she showed off the considerable load of Brutus' cum she had.
"Good, good, now swallow," Mr. DeWight once more instructed.
Immediately she closed her mouth, swallowing the illicit mouthful in one gulp, then, this time without any direction, opening her mouth to the camera, showing she had complied.
Unable to control herself, she then took Brutus' cock back into her mouth, sucking him gently, knowing he was extremely sensitive after cumming. She groaned as more of his release was sucked out of him and onto her tongue, and in a combination of sucking and swallowing, her thumb gliding the firm vein beneath his cock, she sucked him dry.
When there was nothing else he could give, she slowly slid his cock out of her mouth, the room filling with a loud 'Spalu-pop!' as his cock cleared her mouth.
Looking up at Brutus' face, she saw nothing of the degradation and contempt that had been in Gregg's face earlier. Instead, she saw complete awe and admiration, her body once more flushing in heat at his gaze.
"Excellent, welcome to the DSA family, Brutus," Mr. DeWight said.
His words were as much a welcome as dismissal, and Diamond watched as Brutus set the webcam down and without a word, pulled up his pants and left the room.
Diamond still was kneeling in front of the desk, her face having a long stream of cum on it, her breasts and body covered in saliva and massage oil.
She was startled when Mr. DeWight threw a towel at her, hitting her in the face as he said, "Time to get dressed. There's a cab in front of the club to take you home," he told her in his own dismissal.
Mr. DeWight said nothing more as toweled off, focused instead on his computer. Diamond wondered if he was reviewing the recording just made of her sucking Brutus off, but her mind was filled with catching up with everything that happened today. She did not care what he was working on, wanting now nothing more than to go home, take a shower, and go to bed.
Glancing at the clock, she was shocked to see it was two-thirty in the morning! She had spent almost ten hours in Mr. DeWight's office—the cascade of meetings, masturbation, and Brutus' blowjob seeming to have taken only minutes, even though it had obviously been longer.
Once dressed, she slowly made her way to the door; however, Mr. DeWight's voice stopped her in her tracks as she reached for the doorknob.
"I'll see you here again tomorrow after your practice session," he told her, his tone indicating it was not a question, and she simply nodded as she opened the door.
Diamond was barely aware of her surroundings as she walked out into the club—the room still filled with what was an obviously a large crowd, good for a Sunday night. Ignoring the calls to her requesting table dances from the current patrons, she walked out of the building, barely aware of the comments and invitations to spend the rest of the evening with various patrons standing outside, as she numbly got in the awaiting cab and he drove her home.
It was not until she was already inside her house she realized she had once again been barely dressed in front of a cabby. Looking in the mirror, she was upset to see her appearance—her hair disheveled, her mascara smeared, and her body glistening still from the massage oil. She literally looked like she had been ridden hard and put up wet, but felt little emotion towards what the cab driver may have thought. Instead, as she made her way upstairs, showered, and went to bed, her mind was numb, not willing to think about what had happened that day, or what would happen the next day in her fucked up life.
********************
Waking up in the morning, Jen stretched, luxuriously naked and cozy in her wad of sheets, covers, and quilts. Sliding her legs and arms out and exploring the entire bed, she was somewhat disappointed at finding herself alone. Waking up further, she realized she was too accustomed to be waking up next to somebody—previously Dan, but in the last several days, had grown accustomed to even the presence of Nick the FBI agent acting as her fiancé.
She felt lonely waking up without somebody there.
Instead of dwelling upon her lack of companionship, she got out of bed, her bare skin chilled leaving the warm cozy cocoon she had built for herself while sleeping. Not bothering to get dressed, she simply put on one of her short satin robes and went downstairs to make coffee.
Her plans for the day were similar to those of the day before, heading to the club and practicing with Mary and Denise.
Suddenly her mind flashed to everything else which had happened yesterday, ending with her degrading blowjob to Brutus in front of Mr. DeWight.
Pushing such thoughts from her mind, she hoped today would entail nothing more than practicing with the girls, and coming home early to watch some movies and catch up on the shows she had missed lately.
Sitting in the kitchen drinking her coffee, her thoughts wandered, once again recalling the previous day and her voluntary lewd behavior in front of the guys at the club meeting with Mr. DeWight. While her actions in and of themselves were appalling, what bothered her the most was it having felt so right to degrade herself in front of them, purely for their pleasure. It had been something she had felt obligated to do, and had acted upon it willingly. She had been comfortable and even eager to please them!
How could she have wanted to blatantly expose herself to people she had known for years, people she considered friends? How could she have desired to do such an intimate, sexual act before them?
All the men had seen her naked before—how could they not having worked at the club for so many years—but what she had done was not the same. She had performed lurid sexual acts in front of them, masturbating before them until she brought herself to orgasm over and over, looking in their eyes and behaving like a slut in heat.
She was ashamed to know every time she had orgasmed, she had wished it had been the man she was looking at fucking her, genuinely wanting them to fuck her in Mr. DeWight's office!
Recalling the looks of desire the men had given her, her heart began to race. Even Gregg, whose looks had held contempt at her betrayal to Dan, could not hide the lustful, longing looks at her. Her breathing became shallower, her nipples hardening as she realized Gregg, for all his condemnation at her, would have fucked more relentlessly than all the other men combined if given the chance.
Her coffee sat forgotten as her mind fantasized him leaving her in a sweaty quivering pile when he was done with her, her body filled and covered in his cum, willing to do whatever he asked of her. His look of lust had held a complete disregard for her as a person, wanting nothing more than to put her in her place. He would have fucked her mercilessly.
Taking a sip of her tepid coffee, Jen came back to her surroundings, realizing she was completely aroused, her nipples and firmed breasts sharply outlined within her satin robe which hugged her like a second skin.
How could she be so excited imagining herself being ravaged in such a fashion? She was not daydreaming about some lover satisfying her every need and whim, but being utterly used and abused. By her friends no less!
Yet thinking of Gregg taking her without any regard to her safety or wishes, used repeatedly to slack his lust whether she wanted it or not, was one of the most visceral thoughts she had ever imagined.
Jen tried to think of something else, her mind instead betraying her by fantasizing about all the other men, a vivid daydream raging through her head. She imagined John, who had looked at her like a man seeing a glass of water after being in the desert too long, then George and Gary, the two DJ's, whose looks had said more than words as they had watched her fingers slamming into her vagina, no doubt wishing it was their cocks sliding into her core repeatedly, using her for their sheer pleasure.
It was several minutes before she realized her hands were sliding over her body, longingly squeezing her breasts through her robe as her uncovered slit infused with a wet warmth. She froze as her wits came back to her, removing her hands from her body and taking another sip of coffee—realizing it was now cold.
What the fuck was happening to her? It was bad enough becoming maddeningly aroused when men were simply looking at her, but now she was daydreaming about somebody other than Dan having sex with her, using her!
But it was not just men she knew causing these feelings, remembering how she reacted at the airport this past weekend, when all the men looked at her lustfully. Then it had been strangers, and she had become aroused imagining them using her. And now she was thinking about men she had known as friends for years. And like the men at the airport, she imagined them using her with complete disregard towards her personal self-esteem, being only something to slake their lust upon.
Jen needed to center her thoughts. She may be forced into having sex with strangers by Mr. DeWight—or even people she knew at her boss' whim—but she did not have to crave it like a bitch in heat. She had resigned her reactions to simple biology, her body responding to male pheromones or something, suddenly recalling her gangbang with the male porn stars last week. Such a reaction could be explained then; however, now she was alone, and reacting much in the same way. Simply the THOUGHT of being used was arousing her. It was one thing to become aroused by the physical presence of a man in a sexually charged situation, but to become aroused at the thought?
It was as if her 'normal' physiology had traded places with a sexual one, where she was aroused more than not. But it could not be simply the looks of men causing these reactions to her body. She had danced and stripped for years, and while she had been mildly turned on at exposing herself, her feelings had never reached such peaks. Had her mind given up fighting any sense of decency now that she was the DSA spokesmodel?
Once again, she tried to settle her thoughts. Pushing thoughts of the previous day and week from her head, her thoughts turned to her syndication party and how Mr. DeWight expected her to have sex with the 'donators' there. Call it what you like, it was nothing more than prostitution, her selling her body for money. Instantly she felt a flood of warmth between her legs as her moisture began to soak into the kitchen chair.
She felt ashamed. She could have used the biology theory if she had become aroused then, but now, when she merely thought of it? Once more she wondered what was happening to her, that she was reacting as if looking forward to being used!
Her mind wandered to thinking about all the sex she had been subjugated to in the past week. The very nature of her new 'job' meant she would be exposed to sex—she was a glorified porn star for Christ's sake—but why the hell was she becoming aroused at it, and worse, anticipate it?
She needed control over herself.
Remembering similar thoughts yesterday morning, she felt better taking the initial steps towards regaining her control by telling Nick they were having an 'off' period until their 'wedding.' Unfortunately, things had not exactly gone as planned when he had fucked her relentlessly, giving her the best sex she had ever had, demanding they set a day for their fake wedding.
The thoughts of him taking her after 'agreeing' to her proposal flooded her mind as she remembered eagerly accepting his thrusts, lying upon her stomach, hunching her hips to give him even further penetration, and eagerly accepting his thrusts, his cock ramming into her over and over as she climaxed repeatedly.
Once more the conviction of needing more control in her life came back to her. There was no denying she would be having sex, but being able to control some facets of her life was something she desperately needed. While she could not control what Mr. DeWight had planned for her, being scheduled to do movie shoots each week while on tour, she could at least try control her life when she was home.
Unfortunately, her body and mind were not in synch, and even when home, things seemed to spin out of control. Yesterday was a perfect example—all she had planned was a day of practice and coming directly home; instead, Mr. DeWight had pulled her into his office, seducing her with a massage, her becoming excited at her own pornographic movie, and ultimately, displaying herself vulgarly to her co-workers, masturbating before them until she had been so wound up, she had eagerly sucked one of them off!
She should have simply told Mr. DeWight no. No to the massage, no to him touching her, no to her touching herself. Her arousal had been like a snowball rolling down a hill, getting bigger and bigger, not even stopping when those events had led to her degradation.
She once again flutily blamed biology in her arousal. It made sense after the rigorous sex with Nick in the morning, that she had been responsive to everything occurring in Mr. DeWight's office.
But what excuse did she have now, with no predisposition towards becoming aroused? How could she control that?
How could she control the fact that even now, her body was aroused to the point where she had been touching herself, her desire pooling on her seat at the mere thought of the previous day's events?
Self-restraint was the goal, and she would start today. Today she simply planned to practice with the girls, eat lunch with them, and then would excuse herself and come home. A simple Monday. And Tuesday would be the same. Wednesday she also could be 'sex free,' she thought with a grin, as she would be flying to LA with the girls, and Thursday would be no different. She was going to handle one day at a time, and today she would avoid anything happening to her sexually.
Reaching the decision, she went upstairs and put on her make-up. She had taken a shower after coming home last night—not wanting to get any of the massage gel that had covered her from head to toe in her bed, but primarily to wash the psychological smut from her body.
Once finished with her make-up it was time to pick her outfit. Once more she was amazed at the amount of clothing she now owned, none of which she had paid for. There were times when she did not care what she wore to the club, while other nights she took considerable time selecting her outfit. As she stared at the expansive wardrobe she recalled Mary's outfit the day before, the simple bikini and skirt a staple for most strippers.
Looking through her new clothes she found something similar, selecting it immediately. The outfit she chose was a three-piece ensemble consisting of a bikini top and bottoms and skirt. The outfit had a pink and purple zebra print, the top being a push-up type string bikini with a front clasp and the bottoms a matching G-string with similar clips in the front. Unlike Mary's outfit yesterday where the pleated skirt was more decoration than covering, this skirt did cover Jen's crotch, although looking in the mirror she saw her shapely ass was still halfway exposed.
Suddenly the honking of a horn came from outside, and Jen realized the taxi she had called earlier had arrived, so quickly putting on the outfit, she slipped on a pair of seven-inch heeled clear platforms, grabbing her 'stripper bag,' and ran downstairs.
She chuckled to herself recalling the first time she had put on stripper shoes like this many years ago, falling on her face many times before getting used to them. And here she was, running down stairs in them as she said to herself, "You've come a long way baby," as she ran out the door.
Hopping into the back of the taxi, she realized once gain she had not put on any cover-up, but after the last week, realized those days were probably over. Instead she just sat back, ignoring the stare of the Latin-American cabbie watching her and stared out the window, falling into the typical 'taxi daze,' only stirring when the cab had arrived at the club.
Once again as soon as she exited the cab she was accosted by reporters. If anything, there seemed to be even more of them today, although Jen recognized several from the day before.
As she walked through the throng of reporters—her picture being taken continuously—Jen answered a few more questions yelled out to her:


Won't you be out of practice? That's why I'm here boys, I don't want to get out of shape or lose my edge.
Do you practice for your movie shoots too? (laughter and a smile) Some things just come naturally
Is that come with an 'O' or a 'U'? (smile and a wink)

Even as she was walking through the glass doors the questions followed her, although Brutus was at the door to prevent anybody from entering the club on off hours.
Jen felt a flush to her body seeing the bouncer after the day before where she had been ordered to give him oral sex, and she wondered what he now thought of her; however, the large man barely gave her any attention, merely telling her Mary and Denise were already here.
She turned around, feeling more at ease the broad shouldered muscular man did not act any differently. She realized after knowing each other for so long, he undoubtedly knew what had happened yesterday was not her; that she had been following Mr. DeWight's orders. Brutus doubtlessly knew the type of man Mr. DeWight was and what would have happened had she not listened to him. Jen was glad somebody else understood even a small portion of what was happening as she entered the club.
Immediately she was hit by the loud speakers playing Pitbull's 'Timber' as Mary and Denise spun around the poles in tandem, already practicing their routine.
Jen smiled at them as she walked up, watching them move as the sexy fast beat played and the girls moved, watching with the critical eye of an instructor, yelling out instructions as she began to warm up while they continued shaking their bodies on the poles.
Denise was wearing a cute little striped two-pieced short set, the top being more of a half tank top and the shorts being tight 'butt huggers.' Jen had seen the outfit before, being full of cut-out holes giving glimpses of her body but still covering enough to keep patrons guessing at what was underneath. Like her own outfit, Jen knew this one was specifically designed to reflect black lights, which even now were turned on, her friend's and her own outfit being more fluorescent than in regular light.
Mary's outfit was another two-piece short outfit, being a wide black and white stripped set and recognizing it, Jen smiled, actually picking out the outfit for her friend one birthday. The top had pink dotted outlines of hands over her breasts, a caption in large pink letters saying 'Second Base.' The shorts had labeling in the front stating 'Third Base' across her crotch, while across her ass was the caption 'Home Run." Jen had bought it for her friend a few years ago after a long discourse on what actually fell under the labels of the baseball field when it came to sex. It was Mary's contention a homerun should no longer be considered intercourse, instead being anal sex, and when Jen saw the outfit, had to buy it.
When the song ended and as Jen was still stretching, the girls came over to greet her.
"Please tell me Mr. DeWight did not have you sitting bare-assed naked the whole day while he talked to everybody?" Mary said angrily.
Immediately Jen flushed in embarrassment as the girls both gave their unadulterated opinions of their boss.
Jen did not mention masturbating in front of the men, and definitely not having oral sex with Brutus.
Mary did not say anything else, so Jen wondered what John had told her, surprised the man had not mentioned her masturbating in front of him to her, but her friend just talked about the routine.
"Hey, Denise has a fantastic idea for the second set," she said. "I know it is late in the game to be changing things, but I don't think it will need that much practice," she said excitedly.
After hearing the blonde woman's suggestions, Jen immediately fell in love with it, calling Velvet to see if the woman could find everything they would need. Velvet actually told her the company had almost a warehouse full of dancing props, costumes, and whatnot which she called up on the computer, immediately finding everything Jen asked.
One she hung up and received more shit from the girls for having an assistant, she told them everything was set and they could practice the routine when they flew out Wednesday.
"I still can't believe Mr. Tightwad is going to fly us out with you, keeping us at a posh hotel, and paying our salary the entire time," Denise said.
Mary laughed, saying, "Are you kidding? Two shakes of that DSA spokesmodel ass will pay for us, not to mention a nice tip," she laughed with the others as Jen told them it was time to practice.
Like yesterday they ordered lunch and ate while practicing—today all three of them settling on a taco salad. Both girls had to work again tonight—having the rest of the week off for preparation of the syndication party—so Jen did not overwork them. Or at least in her opinion, as all three women were sweaty and tired by the time Jen called it quits.
"Jesus, you're going to kill us," Mary said after they had performed the second set three times consecutively to Jen's watchful gaze.
Jen knew there would be little time to practice Wednesday, and now that they were introducing a new part of the routine, did not want take any chances with the girls not knowing their moves after tomorrow.
Taking a long pull of her 'Stripper Water'—Mr. DeWight having the entire club outfitted with the bottled water with her image on it—she felt her heart skip when she saw Brutus walking towards them, his eyes locked upon her.
She felt her pulse speed up as he came up to them, the girls barely taking notice as she looked into his eyes. This time she saw a hunger in his eyes she did not see earlier; however, as he looked then at Mary, then at Denise, she realized it was a loot not reserved for her, but for all the women. She then recalled Mr. DeWight telling all the men there was no need to not gawk at the girls, understanding his look was not different because of her sucking him off, but because of Mr. DeWight's comments.
Even so, it made her feel uncomfortable as his gaze turned back to her, taking in her body. Jen wondered if the sheen of sweat reminded him of her covered with oil yesterday, taking another drink of water to try and hide her unease.
Finally he spoke, saying, "Diamond, Mr. DeWight wanted me to remind you he wished to see you after your practice," he told her.
She heard the girls groan, Mary saying, "I wonder who he'll have you naked in front of today." Her tone was a mixture of joking and warning as Jen took her bottle and got up.
After knocking and hearing Mr. DeWight's shout for her to enter, Jen walked into the office.
She immediately noticed the lights were dimmed in the office, loud sounds emanating from the speakers hitting her ears. Instantly Jen realized Mr. DeWight was watching a porn movie on the television screens. To her, she had been brought up such things were done in private, and she should have realized when you worked for a company that actually made porn movies—and which she herself had shamefully already starred in—exposure would be more common. Even so, her face began blushing as Mr. DeWight's voice raised over the sound of the speakers.
"Ah Diamond come in. You're just in time," he told her. "Why don't you get yourself more comfortable, I'm almost done here," Mr. DeWight directed, his eyes on the television screens instead of her.
Jen was fully aware he meant for her to strip, and knowing it was futile to refuse, reached up and unsnapped the front of her top, baring her breasts. The cool air against her uncovered mammaries was immediately welcomed so soon after her workout, and Jen paused to relish the brief moment as she tossed the top onto the lounge chair.
It was then Jen looked at the television screens, her heart practically stopping as she realized it was her on the screen! She immediately was aware of the scene being her blowjob from yesterday with Brutus, her mouth stuffed with his dick as she stared blatantly at the screen.
She stood staring directly in her own eyes, the image on the screen looking directly at her. As she watched her very own self suck the prominent rod of flesh she immediately felt her body heat up. Once her initial surprise at seeing herself once more on the screen passed and she starred at the video, Jen realized the scene was extremely sensual and erotic, mesmerized as she watched herself deep-throat Brutus' cock over and over.
Watching how effortlessly she took the cock into her mouth and throat, Jen came to the revelation the scene was more than just a blowjob, it was more than just oral sex. To her disconcertion she saw a scene of a woman craving a cock, somebody gobbling up every single length of the stiff manhood before her with completely unfettered enthusiasm.
Jen saw the unmistakable hunger and desire in her very own eyes as they stared out from the camera, eagerly feeding the cock into her mouth over and over.
Jen's body flushed with heat, but instead of shame, she felt desire. Like yesterday's epiphany recognizing her being desirable not because she was simply a woman, but because it was HER, Jen began to understand this was what men saw in her, a woman not only willing to do anything to please a man, but to do so without compunction, completely abandoning all inhibitions and tackling the task with full gusto.
As she watched the video she recognized there being no hesitation to her actions. In fact, her mouth attacked Brutus' cock—and at that point she knew it could be any man's cock—with a hunger and craving almost animalistic, and she immediately felt emotions stirring within her of something deep and visceral.
She stood there enthralled until the movie finished, the image of her mouth filled with cum, a long stream of it splashed across her face and forehead burned into her mind. Jen watched as she flaunted her mouthful of cum to the camera before happily swallowing it, then proceeding to suck on Brutus' slowly deflating dick with as much fervor and zeal as before.
Jen stared at the blank screen of the television long after the video ended and Mr. DeWight turned the lights back up. Her mind and body were flooded with a plethora of emotions. Although there was definite shame and humiliation coursing through her at not only what she was becoming and how she had acted, not to mention having done so in front of a man who had known her for years, but there were other feelings even overshadowing her disgrace and abasement. Jen's body was dominated by lust, arousal, hunger, even greed and desire.
The video was degrading; however, it was also highly erotic. It had been almost sensual in the way she had sucked Brutus' cock, not only with a blatant primitive animalism, but also with concern and a genuine willingness to please him at any cost.
Jen stood there at a complete loss for words, no longer able to differentiate which emotion to push away, disgust or aroused, both coursing through her at the same time.
Her mind may have been at odds with itself, but there was no questioning her body's response. Her nipples were hard enough to cut glass, her loins aching excruciatingly.
After all the use her body had been subjected to in the past couple weeks, all the orgasms she experienced, her body was starved for sex.
Mr. DeWight's voice broke her deep thoughts as he said, "You can continue."
Jen knew instantly he meant for her to finish stripping down, so as her mind mulled over her mixed emotions, she abstractedly peeled off her G-string and skirt together.
Mr. DeWight's chuckle caught her attention again, seeing him looking at her approvingly as he told her, "It takes a real professional to pull off seven-inched platforms. So many girls these days avoid them or clomp around like a cow," he grinned. "I am once again reminded on how I made the right choice, not only seeing the ease you swayed in here, but undressing with complete balance," he told her.
Having nothing to reply—him having a talent for making a compliment while also being degrading—Jen turned to sit down on the chaise lounge. Suddenly Mr. DeWight's voice stopped her.
"No dear, today I'd like you to sit on the desk here," he said patting the far corner in front of him.
Again she did not offer any reply. It was futile to argue with the man, and if sitting on his desk naked was the worst that happened to her, she would be thankful.
She felt a moment of panicked fear thinking about the man so close to her. This is a man who had murdered, who had taken another human life for his own advancement. It was no surprise he blatantly degraded women and care so little about their wellbeing other than to satisfy his perverted pleasures if he cared so little about the sanctity of life.
Seeing him look at her expectantly, she swallowed her fear and sat down on the desk.
Mr. DeWight returned to whatever he was doing on his computer, not even paying her heed.
Feeling vulnerable, the cold surface of the desk chilling her ass, she crossed her legs, sitting diagonally to Mr. DeWight as he continued on his computer. Although she could not see what he was doing, he was obviously in his e-mail and connected to the corporate headquarters as his fingers typed rapidly on the keyboard.
Jen had no idea why she was here, other than to serve as an ornament for the man's perversions, and after a few minutes, actually was becoming bored.
To pass the time she mentally went over her and the girls' routine, silently playing the music in her head as she thought about the routines. She had placed several 'fillers' between each main pole dancing sequence in case the girls went too fast in the excitement of performing, while being able to call out to them to skip the 'filler's if they fell behind. Even lost in her own thoughts she felt exhilarated, the mental act of dancing a familiar past time to her.
She was startled when the phone rang, Mr. DeWight amusedly watching her breasts jostle from her jerk as he answered the phone.
"Send him in," he said into the receiver.
Immediately Jen wondered who he was going to have her on display before today. Her thought suddenly turned to Gregg, his contemptuous stare at her as palpable as the lust he showed for her and she felt her heart skip, ashamed to feel a flush of heat between her legs.
Her thoughts were interrupted when a loud knock came from the door which immediately opened, a tremendously bulky and well-muscled black man entering.
Jen's body flushed as the large man's eyes immediately locked upon her, his gaze almost physically violating her as he took in every inch of exposed flesh revealed to him.
Her body heated again, although she was uncertain if it was shame, arousal, or a sundry of other emotions as her eyes locked upon the man's face, his eyes now looking directly into hers as she felt her mouth suddenly become dry.
She was flooded with a cascade of conflicting emotions. Part of her wanted to run, to hide in the darkest corner she could from the man, while another part of her wanted to uncross her legs, spread them wide and lay before him like a banquet. She breathed a sigh of relief as he entered and turned it attention to Mr. DeWight, who stood up to greet him.
Jen felt her body heat up once again as the man looked once more over at her as she heard Mr. DeWight say, "It's bad manners not to make eye contact with the man looking to hire you," he said.
Hire? Then Jen comprehended there were now two vacant positions at the club. Tim's promotion to manager of the Wet Cherry had left John alone behind the bar. Even though Dee Dee and Genie were both helping him out, with her, Mary, and Denise gone this week Dee Dee it left the club poorly manned. In addition, Brutus' promotion left Gregg alone at the door, and although he was a huge bodybuilder type of man, there needed to be somebody inside the club as well.
Looking at the large brick wall of dark flesh, Jen could not imagine him delivering and serving wine coolers.
"I'm sorry sir," the black man rumbled from his cavernous chest, "but that bitch is fine!" he said shaking Mr. DeWight's hand and introducing himself as Luther Ellis.
Mr. DeWight laughed as the two men sat down saying, "I applaud you on your fine taste," he chuckled. "And if you get the job, you'll undoubtedly get to see more of her," he said.
Jen immediately blushed as the two men talked about her like a piece of meat.
She felt conspicuously naked, for all her years of dancing. Here she was completely naked except for her clear seven-inched stripper shoes, sitting on her boss' desk like a trophy.
But then what else was she, she rationalized. She was Mr. DeWight's cash cow, given to any bull he pleased.
"Diamond, why don't you lean back a bit and relax," Mr. DeWight said, startling her by talking to her.
She realized she had inadvertently put her arms up and covering her breasts, her body's natural response to such a domineering stranger.
Reluctantly she lowered her arms, leaning back against them and propping herself up on her hands. With her shoulders back to hold herself up her pose naturally thrusted her bare breasts before her, and her skin flushed in embarrassment on display before both men's approving smiles.
Her heart fluttered in fear not wanting to draw so much attention from the large black man. Every instinct within her wanted to run out of the office and never return; however, the presence of Mr. DeWight and her own stubbornness caused her to maintain her pose.
Thankfully Mr. DeWight turned his attention away from her, explaining the corporate policies and general happenings of the club both on and off hours.
While they talked Jen looked at the man, quickly turning away as his eyes once again locked upon hers, his look once again boring through her, literally ravaging her. This man, like Mr. DeWight, was a pure predator; however, unlike Mr. DeWight who was a cheetah who stalked its prey, this man was like an alligator, sitting quietly until you got close enough before it attacked, ferociously and savagely.
Mr. DeWight may use her to his own whims, but he at least—in his own perverted way—treated her fairly. She had was making money, she had a health plan, and she was even making improvements on how the girls at all the clubs were doing—and he was letting her.
The man sitting in front of her would devour her whole, taking her completely and brutally without any regard to collateral damage.
His raw animalistic nature stirred emotions deep within her she wanted to keep buried, emotions a normal, sane individual in the twenty-first century did not allow. Similar to Gregg's condemning gaze, this man somehow called to something deep within her; however, unlike Gregg, this man showed no contempt towards her. In fact, he showed no emotion at all, only interested in what he would get out of her, uncaring for anything she felt or suffered.
"So what is your policy on hooking up with the girls?" she heard the dark man rumble.
Mr. DeWight smiled and glanced at Jen.
"Well, as long as they can work and not have any marks, there are no policies," Mr. DeWight said. "Although if any harm comes to the girls, you have Diamond to answer to," her boss chuckled. "She has a particularly fondness for all the girls," he told the large black man with a smile.
Jen glared at her boss with disgust. Did he just give this man permission to do what he pleased with the girls? Jen could not believe her ears—even after all the things the FBI had accused him of, hoping for once she was wrong in assuming the worst as he continued talking.
"The previous manager had a policy about no interaction from the male staff believing it made the girls feel more at ease. My philosophy is pretty simple—they are strippers, and their job is be naked and draw men's attention, so treating them equally even off-stage makes them more comfortable in the long run front of men, ultimately doing their job better," he said.
Then he nodded his head at Jen.
"Case in point, take Diamond here," he said, their attention once again focused upon her. "Would you believe not more than two weeks ago she did not do full nudity?" Mr. DeWight pleasantly told the other man. "And look at her now, proudly displaying her beauty for our pleasure," he said, Jen's entire body reddening in chagrin. "Without any half-assed rules about not looking at her to make her uncomfortable and allowing men to look at her as men should, she now sits before us in all her magnificent glory," he told the man.
Jen almost corrected him about his change in 'policy' only occurring the day before; however, she then remembered the previous week, how all the men at corporate headquarters looked at her, some even being bold enough to fondle her in the elevator. The guideline to not pay undo attention to the girls may have only changed recently at the Satin Kitty, but there were never any restrictions throughout the rest of the company.
She lamented the loss of the club's individualism, being sucked into the corporate beast with Mr. DeWight's purchase, but such things were beyond her control.
"Diamond," Mr. DeWight said softly, "I'm sure that position is most uncomfortable after so long—why don't you uncross your legs?"
Jen's blood immediately ran cold at Mr. DeWight's words. Surely he did not mean for her to open her legs and expose herself to this man!
The expectant look upon Mr. DeWight's face answered her question.
Jen was obviously apprehensive in following his command, but not because she was embarrassed or ashamed of her body, something that would have been foremost in her mind just a week ago. No, what filled her mind with complete and utter foreboding was the knowledge complying with Mr. DeWight's directive in front of the dominant black man announced her subjugation to Mr. DeWight. In front of a predator like Luther Ellis, such subservience forever labeled her as prey.
To her shock, horror, and confusion Jen immediately became aroused, as if a switch had been activated she had a sudden hot flash, a wave of heat blasting through her like a blast from an oven. All at once her breasts tightened, her nipples almost instantly hardening and aching, while her pulse became thread. Completely unwelcomed, he felt herself become spontaneously wet.
If she were still a teenager, she would have been convinced she had just orgasmed; however, the acute sensation between her legs was definitely not a release, instead an implosion, every sensation concentrating in her sex until she almost moaned out loud.
Accompanying the sudden conflagration of her body, her mind completely emptied of her previous emotions, overwhelmed by a sudden submissiveness and debasement. Her body's reaction was a manifestation of her WANTING to be the prey, to be the victim of complete male dominance.
Like a dam bursting to release a torrential flood, Jen had a sudden epiphany. She realized all her anguish and feelings of shame, all the misery she had suffered, was of her own doing. These last few weeks she had been wallowing in self-pity focused on everything happening to her negatively. Blaming Mr. DeWight, the FBI, her contract, and every other outside influence around her for her unhappiness, she suddenly realized if not for her own reticence and inhibitions—inhibitions she had built up for years from her therapy sessions—her life would be much happier. She had been more worried at what others thought of her instead of enjoying the good things happening to her, not only in terms of physical rewards such as her new popularity, incredible wardrobe, and the unbelievable amount of money she was now making, but also the more mental rewards—the attention of other men, not to mention the incredible sex she had been granted.
The internet acronym 'YOLO'—you only live once—suddenly came to mind.
All of these thoughts and rushing emotions happened simultaneously, like a puzzle suddenly resolved. With a mental shout of "Fuck it!" to the part of her mind that had bemoaning her life up until now she uncrossed slowly uncrossed her legs.
As the submissive part of her took control she looked directly at Luther, not in his eyes, but at his chest, keeping her eyes averted as deemed was worthy.
Then, without any hesitation, she slowly spread her legs, splaying her legs until both her knees touched the edges of the desk, her dancer body allowing her to practically do the splits while sitting down.
She exposed her body blatantly and without any of the inhibitions she had felt for the last couple weeks.
"Beautiful," she heard the large black man rumble quietly.
And she basked in the one word of praise she slowly turned her head, looking at Mr. DeWight with hooded eyes, not meeting his gaze directly, but as with the other large man, staring at his chest.
Even from her obsequious viewpoint she could see Mr. DeWight smile, her body tingling knowing she had pleased him.
At that moment she knew both men could take her right there together and she would do anything to please them. With her mind cleared of her past shyness and inhibitions—even if only temporarily—she was a blank canvas, completely malleable to anything they wanted.
But she knew that would not happen. Mr. DeWight was not a man who would share her at the expense of his own pleasure. He may have her strip or fuck whomever he dictated, but he demanded one hundred percent of her attention.
She knew no such reservations would ever cross Luther's mind. He would take her alone or with somebody else, having no reservations or limits to his depravity. Even for the short time she had been near him she knew that much. The man would only care about his needs, not any woman he was with.
Imagining his unbridled vehemence, Jen once more felt here body flush with desire. This wave was not as intense as a few moments ago, but it still was enough to keep her mind completely uninhibited.
She felt the cool air against her slit, not needing to look down to know she was moist, the lips of her opening probably glistening before the man in front of her.
So self-absorbed in her own mental detachment, it was a few minutes before she realized Mr. DeWight was once more talking to Luther.
"Basically you'd need to cover both positions until I find a suitable candidate to man the bar. It's pretty fucking lucky to find somebody not only with your physique but who has also tended bars. If you don't mind, I'll have John run you through a few things, as well as check to make sure you know your shit and aren't just fucking with us. If he gives the approval, you can start tonight if you'd like," Mr. DeWight said.
Jen's breasts ached at the idea of the large confident man working at the club. Such a man would make it his personal goal to fuck every girl in the club, her loins aching at the thought.
Mr. DeWight picked up the phone and paged John, who entered the office a few moments later. Predictably his attention turned directly to her. She knew she was quite the site, sitting naked upon Mr. DeWight's desk in only her seven-inched clear platforms, her legs spread wide while she leaned back, her breasts thrusted in front of her.
She looked up, meeting his gaze as she knew he was 'safe,' being committed to Mary. Even so, he was a man, and he looked upon her with the hunger seeing a beautiful naked woman displayed thusly before him.
Her body flushed in heat knowing even if he was dating her best friend, at a word from Mr. DeWight she would let him take her.
Suddenly her view was blocked by a mountain of muscle as Luther stepped before her.
She looked up in surprise, immediately lowering her gaze as her heart fluttered and her breathing became fast and shallow.
"It was a pleasure to make your acquaintance, Diamond," the deep based baritone voice said.
His hand reached out and she reflexively reached out her own, expecting a handshake. She was therefore caught off-guard when the large man took her fingers, raising her hand to his lips.
Again she was shocked, expecting him to kiss her wrist when instead she felt his tongue sensually glide across the sin on the back of her hand. Her entire body tingled as he then turned her hand upright, kissing her palm before turning and following John out the door.
She wondered if she was leaving a puddle on Mr. DeWight's desk, her core heating up so much she felt like she was wetting herself, so intense was her body's reaction to the intimate gesture.
After the two men left, Mr. DeWight clapped his hands together as he turned to her, saying, "My dear, you were fabulous!" He beamed at her like a proud father whose kid scored their first goal at a soccer game as he went on, telling her, "Luther was so absorbed with you he did not even bother negotiating his wages or benefits. He was so distracted with you he actually..."
Suddenly they both turned towards the ringing phone.
Mr. DeWight walked back around his desk to answer the call while Diamond remained where she was. She could have fooled herself into believing she had nowhere to go, but the simple fact of the matter was Mr. DeWight had not given her any instructions to do anything else.
"Has he said what this is about?" Mr. DeWight was saying on the telephone. He paused listening to whomever was on the other end before replying, "Alright, bring him to my office," he said, quickly adding, "Oh, and spread the word just in case this is some sting," he said.
Diamond wondered what he was talking about, her curiosity soon appeased as a knock came from the office door, Mr. DeWight telling whomever it was to enter.
Gregg opened the door, but Diamond's attention was instead drawn to who entered.
She had not seen Patrick Geiger in well over a week. Of course, a lot had happened to keep her mind off him, but as she looked at the FBI Special Agent, her mind flashed instantly to the night they first met, where her then new boss stripped her naked, sending her in only her red thigh-high boots to 'persuade' the police vice detective to not arrest her.
Her body flushed as the memory of sucking the man's cock filled her memories. It had been the second time she had been expected to have sex—even oral—after the fateful signing of her contract. Although not knowing it, she later learned she had been drugged with Ecstasy.
Back then—had it only been two weeks ago, she wondered—her angst had been at its zenith, the drug barely sufficient to lower her inhibitions, remembering it had taken every ounce of nerve in conjunction with the threat of jail for her finally give in.
Now just seeing the man she felt her mouth water, willing to drop to her knees at only a single word from Mr. DeWight, her mind completely servile to the man.
Then her mind flashed to having to prove herself to the FBI her commitment in playing the role of the DSA spokesmodel to put Mr. DeWight away behind bars by agreeing not only to have sex with the agent, but to do so in front of Dan. It had taken every ounce of courage to quell her shyness and reservations and agree to the act, recalling the agent taking her bent over their own couch as she looked into her fiancé's eyes, the man taking her completely and ending by cumming across her chest.
Diamond knew the lips of her sex were practically dripping with arousal as her mind remembered her intimacy with the agent. And now here she was, her legs spread wide, wet and ready, willing to take him on right here and now if Mr. DeWight willed it.
"Officer Geiger, what a pleasant, although unexpected, surprise," Mr. DeWight said as the agent walked into the office, Gregg closing the door behind the G-man.
"Detective," the undercover FBI agent corrected her boss.
However the agent's eyes were solely upon Diamond, his eyes devouring the image of her before him, her body wide open for anyone's pleasure.
As the agent sat down his gaze moved directly to between her legs, and Diamond sucked in a mouthful of air, her hips subtly undulating from her incredible yearning.
"So what do I owe a visit from Portland's finest?" her boss asked the detective/agent as he poured two drinks from a bottle of scotch he pulled from his desk.
Accepting the proffered glass, Agent Geiger said, "I've been thinking about your not-so-subtle offer," he told Mr. DeWight, taking a sip of the liquor in his glass.
Diamond could not believe the two men were engaged in conversation when she was exposed and willing. And then her mind berated her, the overwhelming submissive ego that had instantly crushed years of built up inhibitions telling her they would do as they pleased, and she would do what she had been told—and right now, that meant sitting on display before them.
"And what offer would that be?" her boss said, feigning obvious ignorance.
Agent Geiger's voice rose up several notches in volume causing Diamond to look straight at him, before remembering her place and lowering her eyes as the man said, "Look, we can play this cat-and-mouse game all day. If you want to search me for a wire, fine, I'll strip down completely and that big-assed freak behind the bar can probe me until I'm blue in the face. I'm clean, so let's cut the bullshit. I want to know what the offer on the table is," the agent said.
Once again Mr. DeWight played naïve as he said, "My dear sir, you are going to have to be clearer on what you are asking," he said to Agent Geiger.
"What I am asking is what your offer is for me to keep vice off your back. Neither of us were born yesterday, and I've been thinking about your comments the week before last. The bottom line is I am willing to make a deal," he said.
Diamond could not believe the men were talking about something so illegal right before her. But then again, what did it matter to them what she thought, remembering her new found place in the hierarchy of being the DSA spokesmodel. She was a slut, there strictly for their pleasure, and like any extravagance was only going to be used after the real man's work was completed.
Even less than twenty-four hours ago her attitude would have shocked, embarrassed, and concerned her, as was her sitting on her boss' desk on display; however, with all those gates of inhibited blockades pushed out of her mind, she simply accepted her lot in life, once more remembering she was gaining some considerably perks for her servitude.
"And what is your offer?" Mr. DeWight asked.
Diamond suddenly realized Mr. DeWight had said nothing incriminating. He was even avoiding innuendos, making Geiger do all the talking and laying all his proverbial 'cards' on the table.
"Even being transferred to the Portland force so recently, I have complete control over setting up sting operations. I can give you members of the vice squad so you know when they are in your clubs, as well as leads when setting up operations that may involve your clubs," the agent said.
Diamond almost looked up at the agent in surprise before remembering her place, keeping her eyes averted. She understood the FBI agent was obviously working on an angle where he could infiltrate Mr. DeWight's good graces, working on gaining information and evidence that was separate from the information she was gathering. Whereas she had access to all clubs as well as the corporate headquarters, it was obvious the FBI wanted somebody on their own team involved more as opposed to her and Dan who were merely 'civilians.'
Yet the betrayal to the police department was enormous. Agent Geiger was basically offering Mr. DeWight free reign to do anything from the club—drugs, sex, and anything else he pleased. She wondered if he truly had that much pull with the police department.
Then again he was an FBI agent, so obviously he could infiltrate the local law enforcement.
"And what would I owe for these leniencies?" Mr. DeWight asked, once again not incriminating himself but making the other man talk.
This time the agent was completely blunt and to the point, saying, "I believe ten thousand dollar monthly installments would be adequate," he said to her surprise. "As well as certain other amenities your clubs may offer," he said.
Immediately Diamond felt her arousal reignite as the FBI agent looked at her, his eyes devouring her before him. She knew her slit was like a banquet set before a starving man, her lips moist and reddened from the persistent heat burning between her legs.
Mr. DeWight's burst of laughter startled her, her mind preoccupied with her own emotions.
"Ten thousand dollars!" the man said. "You severely overestimate what truly goes on here in my clubs," Mr. DeWight said. "What you offer may be worth some free drinks and some lap dances, but I highly doubt it is much more than that," he said.
"Let's cut the crap DeWight. I know you've done your homework on me, and I've done the same. The precinct is spammed almost weekly with FBI updates on your corporation. You're a slick bastard, I'll grant you that, but the rumors abound. Sex, drugs, and prostitution are only mild rumors to what you are involved with. The only reason you are not behind bars is because of connections like I am offering. Portland is a new city for you to branch out in, so all I'm doing is being the first to step in line," the agent said.
Mr. DeWight took another sip of his drink before turning to his computer, typing for a moment before he said, "You are correct I've also done my homework. Let's see, you have been transferred—not merely reassigned but demoted each time—to three different cities in your fifteen year career. Portland is actually the first city you did not take a substantial pay cut, so I am going to assume you finally learned to see the signs of your demise and abandoned ship early. Although never formally charged for the other times, rumors say you had similar dealings with other dealers and businesses. Apparently you were smart enough not to get caught, but too dumb to not raise suspicion," Mr. DeWight said.
Through her periphery she saw Agent Geiger shrug.
"What can I say," the FBI agent replied. "Each city has taught me something new. As you said, I've never been formally accused of anything, and yes, I know what triggers suspicion and what does not; however, that is MY problem. I'm sure your 'homework' has also shown that in all of those cases none of my—shall we say 'friends' and associates—were ever implicated. I can offer you the same courtesy and discretion. It's my reputation and job on the line, not yours, and as you have already deduced, , I can keep my tracks clean," the agent said.
Diamond was surprised at how deep the FBI agent's cover was to pass even Mr. DeWight's obvious inspection. Then again, she had only met the man a few times, and each of those times he had manipulated her into sex. For all she knew, THIS was the real Agent Geiger, and his real impersonation was pulling the wool over the FBI's eyes.
Not able to know what was real or not any longer, both she and the agent waited for Mr. DeWight's reply.
It was soon forthcoming as Mr. DeWight stated, "Still, ten thousand dollars is a steep investment."
Agent Geiger shrugged saying, "You own two clubs in this city—something which I might add is completely against your MO and has sent red flags to everybody looking at you as a person of interest—so the price is doubled, not only for the additional club, but the increased scrutiny you've caused. I can't very well protect one club and not the other," he told her boss. "As soon as somebody becomes suspicious of one, they will be watching both continuously. Twice the work," he said with another shrug of his shoulders.
Mr. DeWight chuckled deep within his chest, finally saying, "Fair enough. And what about the other amenities you mentioned?" he asked.
Suddenly Diamond felt her body flush with heat as both men looked at her.
Once more the thought how much things had changed entered her mind. Even as early as yesterday if she had been on display—such as before each of the men working at the club—she would have been mortified, blushing in shame and embarrassment at their attention. Now, spread out as a trophy, she actually stuck her chest out even more, wanting the attention, being there solely to please the men before her.
"There's only one thing I really want," the FBI agent said as both men continued looking at her.
She realized he was talking about her, feeling a spasm of heat between her legs at being haggled over like a prized cow.
"Absolutely out of the question," Mr. DeWight said surprisingly. "I'm willing to offer everything else in the club, but I am not chancing the crown jewel of the company," he told the other man.
Diamond's chest swelled with pride discovering even Mr. DeWight had his limits, even if it was only in regards to his own welfare and best interests.
"Once a month and the use of the rest of the clubs any other time," the agent counter offered.
Their bantering and negotiation for what was undoubtedly 'extras' from the girls reminded her of two parents bickering about child visitation rights.
"Seventy-five hundred and the use of both clubs any time," Mr. DeWight stated.
"No," the agent said. "The money is non-negotiable," he stated. "In ten minutes I can have both clubs closed down, as I'm sure I'll find something in each even now. You've lived under the radar so far here, but that won't last long," he told Mr. DeWight.
"Fine," her boss said. "Ten and the use of both clubs," he said.
"Ten and one night a month," the agent countered.
Mr. DeWight was silent for a long time, and Diamond felt a thrill to her submissive side knowing she was being haggled over like a carpet in a street market.
She realized she was holding her breath, letting it escape out her mouth when Mr. DeWight said, "Ten and one night a month, but you have to remain in the club," he said.
"Deal!" the agent said, obviously satisfied.
Diamond felt her body heat up wondering what their negotiations entailed.
Mr. DeWight opened one of his desk drawers and pulled out two fat envelopes, sliding it across the desk.
With a smile he said, "I assume you'll want the first month's payment up front," sliding the two envelopes across the desk.
The agent took one of the envelopes and opened it, Diamond's eyes opening at the large amount of cash in it.
"You keep this in your desk?" the agent asked her boss.
Mr. DeWight smiled once again, saying, "As you said before, I've done my homework. I knew you would be visiting eventually, and I also knew your price," he said with a deep chuckle. "Never enter negotiations without knowing the final outcome beforehand," he said.
"May I assume it will be safe here while I take care of other matters?" the agent asked.
Mr. DeWight laughed, saying, "Of course, be my guest!"
The room fell silent suddenly as she knew both men looked at her; however, she remained where she was. The deep and dark crevice where her submissive side lived held her body still, as she had been told, her body on display.
Finally Mr. DeWight said, "Diamond, would you be so kind as to take Detective Geiger to one of the VIP rooms and show your appreciation for him being a member of the DSA spokesmodel fan club?"
She felt her body flush with desire as she nodded to Mr. DeWight, finally getting off the desk. The last time she had been sent to the VIP room with Patrick Geiger she had been expected to suck him off to keep herself out of jail. Now she was being sent to do the same, only without any gain from herself, purely at Mr. DeWight's order. The very idea made her mouth water.
A few of the girls provided 'extras' in the VIP rooms, giving hand jobs and rarely blow jobs for some extra cash. It was common enough that each VIP room had a stash of tissues and moist towelettes for cleanup. Even Mary has sucked a few patrons off before her and John had hooked up in order to help pay her bills.
Diamond had never done so herself. In fact, up until recently she had been one of the tamer strippers, not even stripping naked. And then she had broken her proverbial cherry doing both in one evening, her first time for both being the night she had sucked off the FBI agent. It was fitting she would be doing so soon again, her body thrumming at the idea of pleasuring him.
Sex was never performed in the club, due to the risk of being caught. Not only were legal charges applied but the club could be shut down due to all the health code violations. As such, the few who did more such as Jemisha and Chieko met their choice men at the hotel down the street.
By stating Geiger's use of her was restricted to only on the club's property, Mr. DeWight had in essence taken sex out of the negotiations.
A deep part of her was thankful for the small concession, although her body ached to be used fully. Yet even the thought of pleasuring the agent orally, having him release his hot cum down her throat, was something to look forward to, the recently submissive part of her brain wanting nothing more than to satisfy him.
Leading him down the back hallway, she opened the door into the club proper, immediately hit by the loud music of the speakers. She was momentarily startled, as she had not realized it was so late, Happy Hour already starting and the club open for business.
As her eyes adjusted to the darkness of the active club, she saw it was a busy crowd for a Monday. Crystal, her friend Denise, was on the stage topless, her fluorescent striped tight shorts with holes shining brightly from the black lights in the club as she danced to Soho Dolls 'Stripper.'
Although the men of the club were mostly focused upon Crystal on stage, soon those around the 'Staff Only' door took notice of her as she pulled the FBI agent into the club, still holding his hand.
Looking around the club, she saw Moeesha, Gen, and Mary working the floor—or as they were known to the patrons, Ruby, Emerald, and Kitten, respectively. Mary was filling in for Diamond, who normally worked Monday nights, and Diamond smiled at the nickname the regular patrons had come up with, labeling Monday's line-up The Crown Jewels—all the girls having gemstone names for that evening.
Diamond noted she was the only one nude in the club, something the crowd in the club began to note. Although she did not want to pull attention away from Crystal on stage, she immediately thrust her chest out, standing straighter as she seductively walked through the main area of the club in her seven-inched platforms, leading Agent Geiger by the hand towards the VIP rooms.
Her new dominant submissive side relished the fact she was on display without any attire in front of all these men.
As she led the agent through the crowd, she smiled seductively at their notice—one man actually reaching out and sliding his hand up the back of her leg and feeling her ass. Instead of berating him for touching her—something she had done countless numbers of times in the past—she looked down and smiled openly at him, giving him a wink before turning and continuing to the VIP rooms.
Entering one of the rooms, Diamond automatically hit the light switch that turned on a set of lights outside the door in order to let anybody looking for a room this one was occupied. Nothing broke the mood of seducing your mark for more money than being interrupted by somebody else!
She then motioned for Agent Geiger to sit down on the large purple velvet Chesterfield sofa placed against the wall, handing him the remote volume control for the speakers. Some customers preferred the music soft—wanting to make conversation with the dancers—while others wanted music loud, immersing themselves into the dancer's routine.
Not surprisingly, the agent turned up the music loudly. For one thing, she knew they were not there for in-depth conversation, but Geiger also knew Mr. DeWight had both video and audio surveillance in the rooms and would undoubtedly be watching her performance. Anything he might want to say could easily be said loudly for all ears, or whispered to her for privacy.
Without a word Diamond began to sway and dance seductively, recognizing the next song in Crystal's set as Marilyn Manson's version of 'You're So Vain,' playing. Once more her thoughts turned to how things had changed with her recent acceptance in what was happening towards her, intent to enjoy herself and not wallow in worry and self-incrimination. Now she was focused upon pleasing the men around her. In the past when she danced to this very same song she would mentally sing the words to her customers as a literal translation—as most lap dances were nothing more than a part of her job, customers falling into the fantasy of believing the dance to be their own personal show. Now the words were a lie. This dance WAS for the man sitting before her, gazing upon her lustfully as she swayed naked before him. It was more than just doing her job, she was doing it to please him, doing anything she could to make him happy.
As she swayed in her stripper pumps, her hips swayed, her hands ran through her hair, caressing her breasts, sliding down to her hips. She slowly turned around, sliding her hands to her ass as she bent completely over, her legs open and showing every part of her as her hands slid down the back of her thighs to her ankles. Grasping her ankles she undulated her hips widely, moving gracefully, putting all her years of experience as a stripper and a desirable woman in general into her dance.
From her vantage point looking at the agent through her legs, she saw his pants tented in his lap, pleased at the visual indication of her dance exciting him.
Slowly rising, she again turned to face him, moving her hips forward as she slid her hand between her legs, cupping her crotch as she slowly made motions simulating her fucking.
Once more she rose up her hands, cupping her breasts as she swayed before the undercover officer, squeezing her breasts before turning sideways, continuing to gyrate her body slowly, yet in rhythm with the song.
She kept her eyes on the man the entire time, looking at him seductively. Although she was meeting his gaze, it was to let him know she wanted to please him, not to attempt any dominating games with him. She kept her eyes hooded, looking at him half-closed to demonstrate to him she was beneath him, there only to make him happy.
Being so absorbed in her dance, she was surprised when the song ended and the next song in Crystal's set began playing. The sudden change in beat would have caught most women off-guard; however, Diamond was familiar enough with Crystal's playlists to immediately change her rhythm, swaying seductively as the punctuated beat of Scum of the Earth's 'Pornstar Champion' began.
It was another fitting song for her circumstances she thought as she turned towards the federal agent, her arms above her head as she shimmied in front of him, her head turned sideways. Slowly she turned her head towards him, seeing the agent motioning her closer.
With a smile she strutted two accentuated high steps towards him, slowly raising her leg and straddling his lap, her body continuing to gyrate sexily while swaying her tits before him.
She reached forward with a smile and pulled the agent's head into her chest, moving from side to side so her breasts slid enticingly across his face.
The agent's hands grasped her hips firmly as she undulated in his lap, his warm palms sliding sensually back across her ass and then slowly up her back.
Normally the dancer dictated if the customer could touch them or not, as well as what parts of their body were permitted. In fact, many customers not used to strip clubs found out the hard way—through Brutus or Gregg—what was and was not allowed.
With her recent emotional emancipation from her inhibitions, Diamond did not even make notice of the agent's hands. She was willing to let him touch her all he wanted—as well as anywhere. She was there solely for him, feeling a quiver in her body at the sensation of the man's hands upon her.
Suddenly the agent pulled her against him, whispering in her ear, "We need to talk."
Startled, she turned towards him as he looked at her sternly, so she turned her head back for him to continue.
"DeWight is watching you closer than we thought," the federal agent said as she continued to gyrate upon his lap. "Wednesday when you go through airport security Agents Lee and Mancini will be undercover as TSA agents. They will take you into a curtained screening booth so we can talk there," he told her.
She recognized Agent Lee's name only vaguely, recalling it was his jacket given to her to cover herself up after dancing in front of the FBI agents—and being fucked by the obese Branch Chief, Agent Vogel, but she could not recall Agent Mancini.
The agent slid his hands back down to her ass so she slowly leaned back, giving him a good view of her breasts as she said, "I'm here for you detective," to let him know she understood.
With everything happening to her through her role as a DSA spokesmodel, she had all but forgotten she was in that role as an FBI informant. And both were temporary roles. As soon as enough evidence was built against Mr. DeWight to convict him of his crimes, she would no longer be in the situations she was now placed.
Some of her previous reluctance and hesitation returned, wondering what she had been thinking earlier. Where was her dignity? She was not a sexual slave at the command of every man near her!
There was merit towards not dwelling upon what was happening to her and blaming everything around her for her misery, as it only led to deeper depression. And there was some validity in enjoying some of the perks in her current circumstances. The problem was she needed to find a good in-between spot. She was on an emotional rollercoaster, her body pulling her one way, her mind another. All her moods were swinging drastically back and forth and she needed to find some equilibrium.
She was startled when the agent suddenly reached down and cupped her crotch, his finger becoming immediately wet from her arousal which had been building all day.
Her gasp was audible even over the music playing upon the speakers. She had been so caught up in her thoughts, she had not even realized Crystal must have left the stage, recognizing the current music—Calvin Harris' 'Feels So Close'—was an intermission song.
A new wave of desire came over her body at the agent's touch, but then he said, "You know, the last time we were alone together you had more incentive to please me." The agent's voice was loud enough to carry over the music, so Diamond knew his comment was for Mr. DeWight's sake, who probably wondered why she was sitting and doing nothing on the agent's lap. "I think we need to remind you what is at stake and how you need to keep me happy," he stated to her loudly once again. "Stand up," he ordered.
Not certain what he was planning, she got up, looking at him expectantly as he also got to his feet.
"Keep dancing," he told her.
Immediately she realized she had been simply standing there, waiting for him to tell her what to do. It was a common beginner's mistake and she cursed under breath for being so unprofessional, as she began undulating to the intermission song.
There was always a song playing over the speakers, even in-between sets, so the girls working the floor or VIP rooms—such as herself—had something to dance to instead of standing around. The more a girl danced, the better chance she had of earning a tip.
Diamond swayed slowly to the song, moving her body seductively to the agent's heated gaze. Although not a song she would personally choose—the beat being too repetitive for her tastes—it was still danceable, and she quickly fell back into her 'stripper mentality' zone.
She did not know why he remained standing, but she took advantage of it, using him as an imaginary stripper pole, pirouetting around him slowly, her steps exaggerated as her hips swayed in unison, circling the man while slowly sliding her hands over his body.
When she came back in front of him he said, "Turn around."
She instantly complied, his tone brooking no denial; however, she still kept dancing, assuming he wanted to look at her ass.
Confirming her suspicions, he told her more gently, "Now, touch your ass."
Once again she complied to his wishes, looking over her shoulder seductively as she slid her hands down to her waist, then back around her hips, her palms slowly gliding across her tight ass.
Suddenly the agent grabbed her arms, pulling them back as she felt something cold around her wrists, the unmistakable click of handcuffs holding her arms back.
"What the fuck!" she yelled out as she spun around, her arms and hands now completely immobilized behind her.
The loud 'snap' sound filling the room surprised her as much as the sting across her face.
Diamond's eyes opened wide in surprise at the agent's backhanded slap as he spat, "Shut the fuck up cunt! The only time I want your mouth open is if it's sucking my cock," he told her vulgarly.
Once more the emotional rollercoaster shifted as the submissive part of her mind hit her with full force as she immediately lowered her eyes.
"Now, I'm going to make things easier for you to understand," he told her as she stood there, too shocked to move. "As I said before, you seem to need some incentive tonight, so those cuffs are not coming off until I decide you have accomplished your goal of seducing me. If not, I'll simply haul you off to jail in your birthday suit. I'm sure Mr. DeWight will bail you out in the morning," he told her.
He began undoing his belt and pants as she whined, "You can't do this! You made a deal," she stated, having been present in the room while they negotiated.
"I made a deal with Mr. DeWight to keep the cops off him and the club, not for smartass strippers who don't know their place," he told her.
She stood there dumbfounded as the agent pulled down his pants, setting them as well as his socks, and shoes on the couch before once more sitting down. Looking down at him, naked from the waist down, she saw he had lost his earlier erection, suddenly taking it as a personal failure he was no longer excited around her as she began to instinctively move.
"That's better," the undercover agent said.
Once more she wondered which of the personalities she had come into contact with was the real Special Agent Patrick Geiger.
When the next song began playing over the speakers, Diamond knew Moeesha—stage name Ruby—was starting her set. The song had been sent to her by her sister, also an exotic dancer, who lived in St. Louis called 'Make it Work' by a rapper named Bleezy. Ruby tended to like Rap and Hip Hop songs with a slow steady beat similar to her own playlists, so Diamond easily fell into a seductive sway of the song, apparently made for stripper music, as the agent watched her.
She realized it was completely foreign dancing with your hands handcuffed behind your back, used to using her hands and arms to convey as much sensuality as her body. Without the added tools of her arms she had to move her body even more, putting additional attention to swaying to the beat of the song.
The bright side of her arms pinned behind her was with her shoulders fixed back her breasts were thrusted out, so she used that to her advantage, swinging and swaying them as she looked down seductively at the agent.
With her hands locked behind her she turned around, squeezing her ass cheeks as she twerked her ass to the music a few times—the maneuver somewhat difficult due to her tight ass. Moeesha and Jemisha always joked with her on having too much of a white bitch's ass and not enough 'junk in the trunk' to do it properly. She still managed to get her ass cheeks jigging enough as she slowly swayed back around, her body undulating slowly before the man sitting in front of her.
To her relief and additional arousal, she saw the agent's cock was starting to stiffen once more, using it as a gauge to her performance. In response to his once again obvious interest in her, Diamond felt her mouth water, her mind returning to her previous thoughts.
Without any other thought she slowly lowered herself to her haunches, swaying her hips in beat to the music until the agent's manhood was eye level to her.
As if in a trance she leaned forward, opening her mouth and taking the semi-firm piece of flesh into her mouth, moaning to herself as her tongue swirled around the appendage.
The song slowly faded to its end and the next song had a faster beat, Kolor Blind Souljas' 'Wind It Up' thrumming over the speakers. With the agent's cock in her mouth, she began swaying her hips, moving her body back and forth exaggeratedly as she moved with the music, sucking the agent's cock with enthusiasm.
She could literally feel the cock growing in her mouth as her tongue played with it like a piece of candy. Her head slowly rose and fell, the hardening flesh sliding across her lips in perfect beat to the song as she began sucking him with deliberate motion.
With her hands immobilized behind her back she was being taught a valuable lesson. Normally giving head her hands would be touching her breasts, possibly fingering herself while she in turn pleasured the man. Without being able to touch herself, the blowjob was entirely one-sided, the sole focus being pleasuring the man sitting before her.
As if an electrical switch was thrown her earlier thoughts and feelings came rushing back. Of course he was the sole focus and recipient of her oral embrace, as that was her role. Her sole role as a DSA spokesmodel was brining men pleasure. Her pleasure should be derived from bringing them pleasure. The last of her rebuilt inhibitions evaporated as she began sucking the FBI agent with renewed vigor, feeling as if a weight had been lifted form her shoulders.
"That's a girl," the agent said. "That's a stripper's proper place," he told her.
To her earlier inhibited self the words would have been demeaning, yet now they were complimentary, her body surging with lust at the agent's praise. Her mouth began sucking with renewed vigor, pleased to be bringing him pleasure.
She had forgotten how wide the agent's cock was as her lips spread thinly around the now hard member. Sinking her head lower, she sucked all the hard flesh into her mouth, the wide tip pressing and filling the back of her throat as she gave in completely to her task.
There was no 'her' to consider, there was only what she could do to please the man before her.
The agent let out a groan and she felt her body practically spasm in pleasure, knowing the agent's pleasure was derived solely from the sensations she was giving to his cock, the firm member engulfed in her mouth, the fat head squeezing past her larynx and into her throat. If she could have made a sound, it would have been a squeal of delight knowing the entire source of his pleasure was from her and only her.
Her hands would have only been a diversion she realized, drawing her focus away from his satisfaction as she attempted to share it with her own. Without the distraction of her hands, one-hundred percent of her concentration was upon him—every movement, every breath, every thought was devoted towards pleasing him, she was there solely for his pleasure.
Agent Geiger let out another moan of pleasure as she literally attacked his cock with renewed fervor, wanting to do nothing more than please him as she felt his cock grow rock-hard. The room was filled with the sounds of her oral onslaught, the slurping sounds of her vigorous sucking interspersed with the loud 'Gachtunk!" gagging sounds as the agent's cock slammed into the back of her throat.
Diamond glanced up as she continued to slide the agent's cock in and out of her mouth, seeing his face staring down at her in both contentment and wonder.
She knew the wonder came from her own actions, sucking him with a zeal he had not seen the last time he saw her in almost the same position.
Suddenly the agent grabbed her head and pushed her away, the room almost echoing with the loud "Splouch-mah!' sound that resulted from his action breaking the suction around his manhood.
As she sat back panting for air, Diamond's attention was split between the agent's cock, glistening with her saliva as it throbbed before her, and the agent's face, wondering why he had pushed her away.
"Not so fast Sweetie," the agent said to her with a smile. "I want to see that fine ass of yours wiggle some more," he told her.
Diamond smiled at him. She had no question other than to obey. As much as she wanted to finish the agent, her desires were less than worthy of consideration.
Previously she would have thought his request was to prolong her misery and exploitation; she would have been thinking only of herself and her circumstances—bare and exposed before a man interested only in demeaning her. Her embarrassment would have led to shame, and her shame would have led to her being depressed.
Now she reveled at the chance to please the man before her. Instead of feeling exposed, she was gloriously revealed to the agent, knowing every inch of her, every curve, every movement was adored by him. He wanted her, and that was what her body reacted towards. Instead of wallowing in depression, her chest filled with pride, her body enjoying, in face luxuriating in the attention. This was why she was here, and she was a failure if she did not provide the agent with all the pleasure he deserved from her.
Her contemplation took a mere second as she slowly swayed to her feet, her hands locked behind her as her body once more began gyrating to the beat of the music. In perfect timing L-Solo's 'She Nasty' began to play and Diamond's body reflexively fell into a seductive dance to the music.
Swaying her torso, she smiled at the agent as her hips moved exaggeratedly to the music, spreading her legs as she slowly swayed and turned around, her ass swaying above him seductively. She looked over her shoulder with a smile, seeing the heated gaze of the man as he stared at her swaying butt and exposed—and undoubtedly glistening and wet—pussy. Diamond began undulating her hips in beat with the song, swaying her ass before him enticingly.
She smiled as she felt the agent's hands slide up the back of her thighs and gripping her ass cheeks firmly. Once again she thought about bringing other customers into the VIP Room and the dancer dictating whether the customer could touch them—or where. This was different, she had been sent here to please the FBI agent, and if that meant letting him touch her ass, then she was all in.
Her mission was simple, to please the agent, and she had no inhibitions towards doing that, allowing him to slide his hands up to her lower back as she closed her eyes, swaying to the beat as she relished the agents hands softly caressing her.
A part of her wanted him to lower his hands and touch her in her heated core. She was so aroused right now it was almost insane; however, her feelings and desires did not matter, so she pushed the thoughts away. She also yearned for him to squeeze her breasts, her spongy mounds aching for attention.
She slowly swayed, turning her body around with her eyes still closed with the agent's hands upon her, continuing to dance to the sexy beat, her ass swaying, her hips gyrating seductively.
Taking a wide stance with the agent behind her she spread her legs to give him another blatant view of her body, her legs widened and bent at the waist, knowing her body was at its maximum angles, a dancer's trick into making her look long, lean, and nimble. From this stance she knew he could see her completely as she felt his hands moved to her waist, grasping her hips as the next song, N.E.R.D.'s 'Lapdance' began to play.
Suddenly her eyes opened wide, her mouth forming a perfect 'O' as she let out a mixed scream and moan, her body jerking forward, the force causing her breasts to sway exaggeratedly as her body was filled with shock, pain, and desire.
She grunted again, her entire body jerked forward once again as the agent slammed his cock into her pussy yet a second time.
Her shock was due not only to the unexpected invasion of the agent's cock into her, but the instantaneous orgasm that wracked her body at the same time. The orgasm was also the cause of her desire, literally grunting in staccato bursts as the agent, holding her handcuffed arms as both a lever and handle to control her with, began fucking her forcefully and vigorously.
The agents cock moved in and out of her so fast her body and mind could barely register its position other than a constant presence gliding across her stretched canal as she was again wracked by orgasms imploding from her vagina and spreading throughout her body.
Her previous pain had been from the size of the agent's cock spreading her pussy wide without preamble. She imagined it was akin to having a baseball bat shoved into her as the agent continued thrusting into her. Thankfully the combination of her saliva coating his cock and how wet she was had allowed him to enter; however, it took a few moments for her pussy to accommodate the wide girth of the agent.
The room echoed with the 'clop-clop-flop-flop-clop-clop' of the agent's hips slamming into her ass as he drove his cock into her repeatedly, sounding like a horse was walking down a road, the steady sound of its shodden hooves striking the pavement over and over.
Her mind and thought patters were completely short circuited as her body was flooded with release upon release. She was vaguely aware she was bent over, her legs spread in a wide stance in her seven-inched clear platforms. Her hands were still handcuffed behind her back and the agent was gripping her forearms tightly as he pulled her back roughly over and over, yanking her body as his cock impaled her.
Her hair was flaying wildly around her face as her tits jostled similarly from the continuous impact of the agent's body into hers.
And her head was merely along for the ride, dangling in front of her as her hair and tits jerked repeatedly, her mouth slacked open as involuntary rapid grunts burst out of her throat as the concussive forces of the agent slamming into her forced air out of her lungs.
Seconds became minutes, minutes turned into hours; she lost all track of time as the agent continuously yanked her back, slamming her body onto his hard cock, while she was oblivious to everything around her but the feel of his hard member devastating her core. Her pussy was her entire universe, everything else about her body on autopilot as the agent used her mercilessly.
The agent slammed into her, but this time kept her arms locked and tight as he held her against him. Once more Diamond's head jerked back, her mouth wide open as she screamed out her release.
"Oh fuck!" she cried out at the top of her lungs.
She felt the agent's cock pulsating against the walls of her pussy, her muscles and lining stretched thin from the large cock like an overstuffed burrito as she felt deep within her core a fire as the agent's cock released into her. She could literally feel each spurt as he shot stream after stream of cum into her quivering core.
She stood there panting, her legs locked and spread wide, her arms pinned and pulled back behind her, as the agent emptied his lust into her. Her shoulders ached, as did her breasts, tender from all the shaking and flopping around they had endured. And her hair was fallen all around her face as she could only stand there, waiting for the agent's next order.
"When you're done, Mr. DeWight would like to see you back in his office—both of you," came the voice loudly in the room.
Completely startled, Diamond raised her head, seeing Brutus—a large smile on his face—leaning against the opened doorjamb of the VIP room.
She felt her body heat up, not knowing how long the man had been standing there; however, from the look had gave her, it had obviously been long enough for him to know what had happened.
And to her chagrin he remained standing there, as if he had no care in the world, or that the woman he was looking at had been just fucked relentlessly in front of him, her ravisher still behind her with his cock inside her.
"I've just finished," the agent said.
Unable to help herself, Diamond moaned out loud as the agent pulled his cock out of her. She blushed seeing Brutus smile even wider as the agent's chuckle came from behind her.
Brutus continued to look at her she stood there, hearing the agent getting dressed, the jingling of his belt and zip of pants coming over the music as she realized the speakers were playing another intermission song, 'My Shooter' by Yer Man, which was near the end. She had lost track of time and Moeesha's set was already done and over.
The music faded as she stood there, bent completely over with her legs splayed out beneath her, the bouncer-now-manager looking at her as the agent finished dressing.
Suddenly she heard a soft 'splat' sound before the next song came on, and glancing down, saw in horror a small cloudy puddle beneath her—a dollop of the FBI agent's cum leaking out of her pussy!
Glancing up at Brutus, she could tell from his grin he had witness the puddle's creation as she felt her body flush with heated shame.
Her embarrassment did not last long as her attention was suddenly focused on the FBI agent who was unlocking the handcuffs from her arms.
Once her arms were freed she finally stood up, moving her shoulders around to work out her stiff muscles, sore from the abuse of the agent yanking her arms back so much.
Her attention was once again refocused as she saw Agent Geiger follow Brutus out of the room. Meekly she followed, the submissive side of her once again in control.
Coming into the main part of the club, she saw Emerald on stage, her athletic, small breasted body spinning on the pole to Daft Punk's 'Get Lucky,' her sets being more Top 40 songs.
As she followed the two men through the club, she began to become aware of the attention of the crowd changing from Emerald—who was another favorite in the line-up of girls at the club—to herself. Glancing in one of the mirrors on the wall of the club, she saw she was a complete mess—her hair all disheveled, her breasts reddened and swollen from their constant jostling earlier, and her lipstick smeared from her vigorous blowjob to the agent. Looking at herself, there was no doubt in her mind what she had been doing only a few moments ago.
And from the knowing eyes and growing grins of the crowd in the club, it was obvious as well.
Suddenly the men around her started applauding, no doubt in response to her appearance of a woman who had been thoroughly fucked.
Around her she heard several comments about the appropriateness of the song, as well as a few people asking if that was Diamond and whether she filmed here at the club.
Although embarrassed, the submissive side of her, which was currently in more control, reveled in the attention. She was here to please the men around her, and her chest surged with pride knowing even her use from another man seemed to be enjoyed by these strangers.
Holding herself up straighter, and pulled her sore shoulders back, thrusting out her abused breasts as she swayed exaggeratedly behind the agent and Brutus as they headed through the 'Staff Only' door to Mr. DeWight's office.
As she entered the office behind Brutus and the undercover FBI agent, she realized Mr. DeWight was not alone. Sitting in the two leather executive chairs across from him was John and the large black bouncer-to-be Luther Ellis.
Turning around after shutting the door, she froze like the proverbial deer in the headlights as she realized all five men were looking at her intently.
Several things went through her mind at once. First, she was naked other than her seven-inch heeled clear platform stripper shoes; however, this was a strip club, and she was the DSA spokesmodel, whom they had all seen naked in this office before. Secondly, she was a woman, a highly desirable and beautiful woman, who was there to bring men pleasure. Finally, she recalled how she had looked in the club, her entire body bedraggled and mess, it being unmistakable she had recently been thoroughly and soundly fucked.
Standing before the five men, her previous arousal came back ten-fold, and she shuddered, being so close to a physical release. All the thoughts she had in her mind the men knew as well, mainly that she was a stripper, a DSA spokesmodel and porn star, they desired her, and she had just had sex—and they wanted her so bad it was palpable. Even Agent Geiger was looking at her like he was ready for another tryst.
Although her appearance suggested her previous encounter, she was uncertain if anybody but Mr. DeWight was aware of her activity—until she looked up and saw the television monitors. The room the television screens was currently empty; however, there was no doubt in her mind it was the same room she had recently been in with Agent Geiger, realizing Mr. DeWight—and possibly John and the large Luther Ellis—had watched her defilement!
"Diamond, come in, you can stand next to me," Mr. DeWight's voice came through the office, drawing everybody's attention away from her.
She immediately swayed forward, all the men's eyes upon her, moving around the desk to stand next to Mr. DeWight's chair.
Although she was ready to lie down and offer herself to every man in the room, Mr. DeWight had drawn the unequivocal line in the stand, clearly state she was his and his alone to control. With his one statement in ordering her to him, he had shown the men he was the master of her and if they wanted her, they had to go through him.
Also, there was a clear delineation of authority. She and Mr. DeWight were on one side of the desk, while all the other men were on the other. She was not certain if he was aware of it or not, but Mr. DeWight had clearly separated the executive force of DSA from the regular staff.
As she stepped next to him Mr. DeWight reached his arm out, wrapping it around Diamond's ass and holding her next to his chair, his fingers gently sliding across her skin.
"Detective, I trust our agreement was to your satisfaction," Mr. DeWight said with a smile.
"More than satisfactory," the undercover federal agent said as Diamond felt her skin flush with heat.
Apparently Agent Geiger was not the only one ready for another intimate session, she thought to herself with a flush of arousal.
"Diamond," the deep bass voice of the large black man Luther Ellis said.
Immediately she looked over to him, her eyes meeting his and her body once more flooded with a wave of desire. Her nipples suddenly became sore they were so engorged with blood as she quickly averted her eyes.
"Uh, Sweetheart, you have something on you," the black man said, waving at his face.
Diamond reached up and wiped her cheek, thinking she had some smeared make-up or something on her.
"No, lower," the large man's voice intoned.
She slid her hand to her chin, again wiping it in case there was something on it.
"No, lower," the large man said yet again.
Looking down at her breasts, she saw nothing out of the ordinary as she once again hazarded a look at the black man who was smiling.
"Even lower," he said grinning. "I think you have some stray cum on the inside of your legs," he laughed.
Immediately the room erupted in male laughter as she felt blood rush to her skin all across her body.
Making matters even worse, Mr. DeWight's hand slid down her ass, moving between her legs as she let out a gasp, his fingers gently gliding across her swollen slit, smearing the FBI Agent's cum across it.
"I do believe Luther is correct dear," Mr. DeWight said with a smile. "Although I doubt anybody here minds," he said looking at the men in front of him, all who were shaking their heads.
Keeping his hand between her legs, his fingers gently stroked her slit, smearing the agent's and her own fluids back and forth across her skin. The caress was light and mesmerizing, and she could barely pay attention to what was being said around her.
Mr. DeWight replied to the FBI Agent, "Good. Officer Geiger, I would like you to meet our newest employee, Luther Ellis," he said.
The agent shook hands with the large black man, introducing himself as 'Detective' as Mr. DeWight continued.
"If you wouldn't mind, could you please run a background check on Mr. Ellis?" he asked the agent. Turning to the large dark man he said, "Pending the good detective's report, I am hiring you on for a probationary period. If everything works out, it will be permanent," he said.
He talked with the men a bit longer, but Diamond barely paid attention, her mind focused upon Mr. DeWight's hand caressing her slit. He never applied much pressure, to her aggravation, merely stroking her skin, smearing her fluids and the agent's back and forth like a child idly playing with spilt milk.
After her sex with the FBI Agent, her body had instantly responded to Mr. DeWight's touch, and she was maddeningly yearning for him to do more than touch her, knowing the instant his finger entered her she would be cumming upon his hand.
And yet he never did more than stroke her.
Finally he dismissed the men, leaving her and him alone.
And then he pulled his hand away, asking her to sit down.
She stood there for a moment not understanding, her body in aching need as Mr. DeWight repeated himself, so she moved around the desk and sat down.
"I would like to speak to you about Friday night, as I want to make sure we are perfectly clear on what is expected of you," he told her.
Diamond nodded in understanding as he continued.
"As I mentioned, you will be doing two sets with Kitten and Crystal. You are the center of the show, so I'm not too worried about them, they are merely there as props as far as I am concerned," he said bluntly. "YOU are the main attraction. I expect you to be the best you can be, as we are looking for some large sums of money to be invested—I am talking in the million dollar range," he told her.
At the mention of the sum of money, Diamond looked at him in surprise.
"Yes, you heard me right. I want them so into you that I may need a fucking cattle prod to keep them off the stage," he chuckled. "I expect you to end completely nude—and as I said, I don't care about Kitten or Crystal, you are the one we are trying to sell. You will then do a third set," he told her.
Diamond looked at him earnestly as this was the first time he discussed her solo routine. He had mentioned it in passing several times, but never in full detail.
"You will do this set fully nude, so you do not need to worry about any costume. I expect you to devote one-hundred-and-fifty percent of your attention to the investors at this point, so do not worry about any pole routines—you will be mingling with the crowd. I expect you to give them as much attention as needed for them to invest in your; however, you are only to have sex with those who commit. I am not willing to give you out for free, so it is up to you to tease them and coax them until they are ready to throw you on the floor and fuck your brains out, is that understood?" he asked her.
"Yes Mr. DeWight," she said meekly, although internally she was an atomic bomb ready to explode. Her body was yearning so bad her nipples ached and felt like they were about to explode.
She also realized had he said anything this blunt to her—expecting her to tease men out of money for sex—she would have thrown it in his face. She would have anguished about it all week, but now, her mouth was dry from anticipation.
"Good. If you feel the need, go ahead and dance on the stage more, work the pole, do more lap dances—anything to get them to invest in you," he smiled as she again nodded. "Now, I am flying out to LA tomorrow, so I will see you at headquarters during the week," he told her. "After that, I will be flying to Europe the beginning of the week. You will be starting your tour, and I apologize for abandoning you for that, but I believe you will be in good hands," he told her. "We can discuss your tour later this week when you are in LA, otherwise, I will see you then," he said, obviously dismissing her.
Having been dismissed, Diamond got up and left the office, making her way to the dressing room.
Upon entering, she saw Mary talking with Kim, also known as Brooklyn; however, upon her entering, Mary's attention was immediately upon her.
"Jesus girl, what did they do to you?" she asked coming over to Diamond as she sat down at her station.
Looking in the mirror she could see why her friend was concerned, her hair was all disheveled and her make-up was almost worn off—all-in-all she looked like shit.
"I need to go hit the floor," Brooklyn said, tactfully leaving the two girls alone.
Diamond knew not to talk inside the club, so she stuck with the truth as far as anybody inside knew it—that she had seduced the local cop who was going to protect the club.
"Well, I hope you at least got off," Mary said, knowing she could not say anything, the concern on her face.
Diamond looked at her, saying," Jesus fucking Christ, you have no idea. In fact, I couldn't stop," she admitted.
Mary bust out laughing as Diamond chastised her for laughing at her expense.
"I'm sorry hon, but to see how you look now and knowing why, it's funny," she said as Diamond turned to reapply her make-up and brush her hair.
Suddenly Diamond noticed the pile of bills on her counter.
"What's this?" she asked, seeing a couple hundred dollars there.
For one thing, it was unusual for money to lie around with as many people who passed through the dressing room—these were strippers after all. Secondly, she did not work tonight, so there was no reason it would even be on her station.
Mary smiled, saying, "Leave it to you to get a fucking jackpot of tips and not even be working," she said. "Those were given to us after your dramatic walk through the club. All of us were handed a bunch of cash by the clients telling us you deserved it," she explained. "Now that I know what happened, I can see why," she said as both of them began laughing hysterically.
Once she quieted she looked around for her clothes.
"Shit," she said. "I left my clothes in Mr. DeWight's office," she explained to Mary's questioning look. "You have anything I can borrow?" she asked. "I emptied my locker last week since I wasn't scheduled to work until after the tour," she told her friend.
"All I have is this," Mary said, opening her locker and tossing her a bundle of cloth.
Catching it, Diamond saw it was a black honeycombed fishnet dress. Holding it up, she saw it was a 'one size fits all' variety composed of stretchy material. Her and Mary were roughly the same size, so she knew it would fit her as she lifted it up and put it on.
Looking in the mirror, the fishnet stretched tightly over her body, accentuating every curve. Although her body was visible, she had to be in direct light or somebody had to look closely, as the netting was fine enough that at first glance, it merely appeared to be a sheer dress.
Thanking her girlfriend and giving her a hug goodbye, Jen made her way to the front of the club.
She caught the attention of several tables of men, all begging her for a dance, but knowing the other girls needed to work, told them she was off for the night and they needed to get another dancer.
At her reply, she received several offers to 'take her out on her time off and show her a good time.' She knew immediately they were trolling for sex, and although her body was wound up tightly, picking up strangers at the club was not her thing. She needed to go home, take a cold shower, and go to bed!
When she got to the admission area of the club she saw Genie at the counter taking the cover fee from a group of five guys.
"Enjoy yourselves boys," she said playfully to them.
As one unit their heads turned to her, their eyes opening wide.
One of them asked, "Are you working tonight Diamond?" his voice full of excitement.
She laughed shaking her head saying, "Sorry boys, I'm on tour for the next several weeks," she explained to their exaggerated groans.
She joked around with them for a few moments until they all paid their cover, then blew them a kiss as they entered the main part of the club in search of a table and a dancer.
Saying goodnight to Genie, she walked outside to ask whomever was outside—more-than-likely Gregg she thought with some trepidation—to hail her a cab. There was usually one or two cabs always parked nearby to take patrons home.
To her surprise, Brutus was outside. She was surprised because with his promotion, he usually did not work the door any longer.
She also felt a flush throughout her body recalling his stare as her body was ravaged repeatedly by Agent Geiger in the VIP room.
Diamond had known the man for almost five years, and in that time he had always been the perfect gentleman. And in the last two days she had sucked him off in front of their boss and gotten fucked while he watched. How did one recover one's self from that and return to their former friendship, she wondered?
"Surprised to see you out here," she told him, voicing her surprise.
Brutus shrugged, looking at her pointedly before saying, "I was headed home but Gregg had to take a piss, so covering for him until he gets back," he said.
"Ah," she replied in understanding. "Calling it a night?" she asked.
Brutus turned to her and she burst out laughing, seeing the front of the man's pants soaking wet. She instantly knew somebody spilled a drink on him, but at first glance one would think he pissed his pants.
"Yeah, yeah, yeah," the large muscular man smiled. "Compliments of some asshole not watching where he was going," he shrugged.
A group of guys got out of a cab and Brutus checked their ID's while they ogled her.
When the men went inside, Brutus asked, "So you calling it a night as well?" he asked.
She nodded. "Yeah, if you wouldn't mind hailing me a cab, I would appreciate it," she told him.
Brutus looked at her a moment before saying, "How about I give you a life?" he asked. "I live near your neck of the woods and I was leaving anyways," he told her.
Diamond looked at him and saw he was being honest. She had just been thinking how they could repair their relationship and this was the perfect opportunity to spend a little time with the man and talk to him.
Reaching a conclusion and shrugging her shoulders, she said, "Sure, why not," to him, right as Gregg came out of the club.
Saying goodnight to Gregg, Brutus held out his arm to her saying, "Shall we?"
Taking his arm, Diamond turned to say goodnight to Gregg and immediately closed her mouth. The pure vehemence in the man's gaze immediately brought out her submissiveness as she lowered her gaze. Once more she hoped Dan talked to the man.
Seeing her demeanor change, Brutus asked her if something was wrong to which she shook her head, remaining quiet as the man escorted her to where his car was parked.
As the lights blinked from the remote turning off the doors, she looked at him in surprise.
"I'm impressed, I didn't think a bouncer's salary could afford an Audi," she said, looking at the silver TT coupe.
Brutus shook his head, saying, "I can't," he told her. "It was a 'welcome to the club' gift from Mr. DeWight," he told her. "That man seems to be rolling in money," he told her.
Diamond did not say how their boss was making that money, wondering if the car had been bought with money earned from her very own photo shoots. She almost laughed to herself equating her pussy to a slot machine Mr. DeWight had hit the jackpot on, but remained quiet as Brutus opened the passenger door for her.
As she sat in the car the hem of the tight meshed dress rode up her hips, and she gasped as the cool leather met the heated skin of her bare ass. Thankfully Brutus did not hear her, as he was already walking around the car, getting into the driver's seat.
As Brutus started the car and pulled out onto the street, Diamond became conscious of her legs completely on display sitting in the low seats with her dress almost around her hips. Then she mentally chastised herself, knowing Brutus had seen a lot more of her body in the last few days to worry about her legs!
Also, after knowing him all these years, he was not the type of man to take advantage of a woman, particularly outside the club environment.
They were quiet in the car, each lost in their own thoughts, until Brutus pulled onto the highway when he said, "I'm sorry to hear about Dan."
Immediately Jen felt her heart skip a beat as she tentatively asked, "What do you mean?"
Brutus glanced over at her—she was felt a flush as she saw him looking more at her thighs than her—as he said, "I mean the breakup and all. I know how close you two were and hate to see any couple fall apart," he told her.
Jen realized he had heard the rumors of her and Dan breaking up, silently thanking Denise for her gossiping mouth.
"Can't say I was surprised thought," Brutus went on. "I know how much he hated you working at the club, and I could see how jealous he got and how much he didn't trust you," he told her.
"He trusted me!" she said in Dan's defense, suddenly shutting her mouth before she said anything incriminating.
"No he didn't, Diamond," Brutus said, not noticing her consternation. "It was no secret to anybody every time you took a customer to the VIP Rooms he went to the Security Room to make sure nothing happened," Brutus told her. "As much as he hated you stripping, he sure in hell wasn't watching you dance privately with another man to get his rocks off like the rest of us," he said, this time looking directly at her.
She barely noticed him using her stage name, so surprised at his admission of the guys using the security cameras to watch the girls dance. All of the girls talked about it, wondering if they guys had their own collection of favorites they saved—particularly the few girls who did 'extras' behind the closed doors.
It was no secret the rooms were under surveillance—her first public release was Mr. DeWight fucking her in one of the VIP Rooms, and that was before he upgraded everything—but it was still surprising to hear him openly admit it.
Seeing her surprised face, Brutus smiled. "Oh come now, you have to know all the guys—including myself—have been foaming at the mouth for you to dance nude, not that seeing your tits each night is a bad thing," he laughed. "It's been a dream come true for all of us you accepting the DSA spokesmodel position. Hell, we would have all been happy watching you dance nude, but watching you in action..." his voice trailed off as he smiled, obviously remembering something.
"You know, I've jacked off to 'The Homecumming' at least a dozen times already," he laughed.
Seeing her surprise, he added, "Mr. DeWight gave us all an advanced copy." Then he added, "I have to admit, it was better than any fantasy I have ever thought of with you—and Mr. DeWight said you weren't even acting, that you actually came on the set," he said, obviously impressed.
Once more he looked at her legs, his blatant stare sending shivers through her body—not of fear or shame, but arousal.
After her usage by the FBI Agent, and then Mr. DeWight's slow agonizing tease of her slit, her body was in sexual overdrive. Once again, the mere heated look of a man was causing her body to react with complete lust.
"Damn, I am so glad Mr. DeWight isn't enforcing that dumb-assed 'don't let the girls know they're hot' rule," Brutus said. "Not sure how any of us guys made it this long without drooling over you and the other girls," he confessed.
Jen was dumbfounded. Although she had known the guys had purposely avoided making them feel uncomfortable—a rule she and the girls had applauded—it was surprising to hear how much Brutus and the other men had watched them, and in particular her, without their knowledge.
"Such a fucking stupid rule, too," Brutus was saying as he drove down the highway. "I mean, you girls are there to turn guys on, so why shouldn't we compliment you on how well you do it?" he asked more to himself than her. "In fact, how would you even know you were doing well during practice if we kept ignoring you? Christ, they might as well send us to the hospital and castrate us while they're at it," he said.
He looked back at her, his eyes once more practically caressing her legs. Jen returned his look, feeling her stomach do flip-flops, her arousal kicking in once more. His look was the same he had given her when the FBI agent had used her so savagely, as if he were...
Suddenly she felt her breath catch. She had been so absorbed in Brutus being the 'go-to' guy all these years, comfortable around him and treating him like a brother; however, looking in his eyes she now saw what had been hidden deep beneath the calm exterior, for she had seen that look in Mr. DeWight's eyes, in Luther Ellis' eyes. This was the look of a predator, and she was most definitely the prey.
At the recognition of the heated look Brutus was giving her, she immediately felt her submissive psyche take over, her eyes lowering and not meeting his gaze.
As the prey her heart sped up. She could not run, but she was confident she did not need to—although his look was unbridled, the man exuded control even greater than she had seen in Mr. DeWight; however, she still was wary.
"Anyways," he was saying, "that's why it didn't surprise me the two of you broke up. I bet he's having a cow with your new position," he laughed loudly. "Although I can completely understand your reasons," he said.
"You can?" she said, startled at his comment.
"Yeah, I don't mean this in a bad way, but you always struck me as a gold-digger. Not in a bad way!" he said, quickly holding up his hands to stifle her protest. "What I mean is you always had an eye for money and the final prize," he told her. "I can understand you wanting this position for the money, but Jesus Christ girl, I'll admit you definitely earned it. You are amazing," he said with a grin, his eyes once more roaming up her leg. "Dan's an asshole to let, what is unquestionably the best piece of ass ever to fucking grace this earth, go," he said with a big smile to her.
She thanked him for the compliment—for she knew that was how he meant it.
"If you don't mind, could you not say anything to Mr. DeWight?" she said. "He and Dan grew up together, and I'm afraid if he found out we dated and recently broke up he might get all protective of Dan and get rid of me," she said, voicing the lie she had practiced on telling everybody at the club. "It's bad enough Dan is working for him now, but if he found out about our relationship I'm afraid I'll lose everything," she said.
It was a sound lie, and one she put together sitting on the plane for several hours flying back home, she just hoped it held enough weight for everybody to keep quiet about her and Dan's relationship.
"So you don't even want him to know you two know each other?" Brutus asked, obviously perplexed.
"If you don't mind," she said with a seductive smile.
Suddenly she noticed they were getting off on the wrong exit, saying, "My exit is several more miles up," she told him.
"I know, but it's bad enough I've had to sit in this fine car with my pants soaked this long," he explained to her. "I can't bear to pass up my place without getting out of these uncomfortable wet clothes. I hope you don't mind if we swing by my place first," he told her.
Jen told him she did not mind at all, as she realized it was probably extremely annoying having his crotch soaked like that—and if it was a sweet drink it would be even worse she realized, adding stickiness to the already irritating cold dampness—she would have probably suggested the same thing, she realized.
She knew Brutus lived in a one-bedroom studio apartment, but had never been there, so she was impressed when they pulled into a large gated apartment complex. From the looks of it, Brutus had probably spent most of his paycheck to stay here, so she was glad with his new job he might be able to afford it better.
Entering the ground-floor apartment, she was surprised to see it was immaculate, not having taken Brutus to be a neat freak; however, everything was in its place and there was nothing messy. His tastes were very modern contemporary, the entire apartment being light colors, mostly white. Jen was almost afraid to step inside in fear of dirtying the place, but Brutus nonchalantly walked in, throwing his keys onto the kitchen counter.
"Welcome to Chez Brute," he grinned at her at his clever rhyme.
Jen walked into the apartment, her platforms hitting the hardwood floors with a 'clomp-clomp' as she quickly apologized, lifting her foot to take them off.
"No, leave them one," Brutus told her. "That anybody can walk in those is amazing, but you make it actually graceful, and they look awesome on your," he told her.
She blushed at the compliment, once again feeling odd at his openness. She was going to have to get used to the guys doing it, as she realized Brutus was right, the guys had been shackled too much when it came to their attention to the girls at the club.
"Help yourself to a drink," he offered, pointing to the small wet bar in the corner of the living room area.
Jen declined, telling Brutus she had not planned on staying long.
The large man shrugged. "Suit yourself, but if you don't mind, could you pour me a vodka on the rocks?" he asked. "I'm going to get out of this wet mess," he smiled at her. Not waiting for her to reply, he turned and walked down a small hallway which Jen assumed was where the bedroom and bathroom were.
Walking behind the bar, she found a small refrigerator and added ice to a glass tumbler before pouring a liberal portion of Grey Goose. Looking at the lone glass on the bar, she shrugged to herself and poured a second drink, taking a long pull from the glass.
The cold delicious burn of the alcohol felt wonderful to her throat, and she quickly finished her drink before pouring another.
"I have your drink!" she yelled out to Brutus.
"If you don't mind, could you bring it in here," came the man's voice down the hall.
Taking both her and his drinks, she walked down the hallway into the lit room.
"I didn't want you to drink alone, so...oh shit, I'm sorry!" she blurted.
She was going to say she poured herself a drink, but her words immediately froze at the sight of the muscular bouncer standing before her completely naked!
"Ah, thanks," the powerfully built man said, taking his drink and acting as if nothing were wrong.
"I'm sorry," she apologized once again, "I didn't know you were still changing," she said.
Although it would have been proper to look away, Jen could not help but stare at the rugged man. Even though she had shamefully given him oral sex in Mr. DeWight's office the day before, seeing him completely naked was much different. She could not help but admire the well-sculpted physique, feeling her pulse begin to race.
"Don't worry about it," Brutus was answering her, "I have nothing to hide," he told her. "Besides, it's not like I haven't seen you naked before, so this makes us even," he said with a large smile. "And after yesterday's reward for my promotion, I think we're beyond the embarrassment stage," he told her.
Up until now neither of them had acknowledged her blowjob to him, and not that he brought it to the forefront, she could not help but feel her body thrumming at the memory.
Brutus moved to the bed, laying propped up against the headboard as he took a sip of his drink.
"Why did you become a stripper?" he asked.
Taken off-guard, Jen looked at him—in all his glorious nakedness—in surprise.
"What?" she asked.
"Why did you become a stripper?" he repeated. "I know some of the girls do it for money, others enjoy the power, others get off...I've heard a lot of reasons. Was just curious as to your own," he told her.
He was talking so nonchalantly, she almost forgot he was naked—or that she was almost naked herself, being clad in only a fishnet dress. And his tone was so straightforward and honest, she found herself answering.
"At first it was the money," she admitted. "But I actually enjoy it. It's not about the power trip or getting turned on being in front of so many men—although I do feel those," she confessed. "But the plain and honest truth is I just enjoy it. I enjoy the attention, I enjoy the tease, I love to dance. I enjoy seeing the look of desire in so many men's eyes and know it's only for me. Truthfully, I cannot think of any job where a man can openly look at a girl and a girl can dress like a complete slut and neither of them reprimanded or thought ill of," she told him.
"You're very good at it," he said.
Jen blushed, as his comment was completely honest.
"Thanks," she smiled at him, momentarily forgetting his state of undress.
"And now? Do you enjoy your new DSA spokesmodel position?" he asked.
Surprisingly, Brutus was the first person to ask her that question since her entire ordeal started, and she was momentarily at a loss for words.
Since they were being honest, she finally answered, "It's still early. At first I started begrudging everything that happened. I even got depressed when Mr. DeWight gave me my first bonus check, not believing I deserved it or that it was a pay-off for my degradation. Now..." she paused, uncertain what to say. "Now," she continued, "I find that there are some positive aspects," she admitted, the first time even to herself. "The look on customer's faces when stripping is exponentially more intense now that I've become the spokesmodel," she told him. "It's like crack, at times I cannot seem to get enough. It's not about the sex, it's not about the control, it's all about being desired," she told him. "A girl likes that you know," she laughed. "Besides, the money is AWESOME," she grinned, emphasizing the word.
"You said earlier you wanted to keep your job," he smiled back. "I guess you meant it."
She nodded, feeling like she had a weight off her chest. With her confession to Mary on working for the FBI, this was as close to the truth she had come to what was going on with her to anybody else, and it almost felt cleansing.
"Take off your dress," Brutus' voice came to her.
"What?" she said in surprise.
"I said, take off your dress," he told her again.
Jen looked at him, saying, "Brutus, I think it's time you took me home. It's late, and I'm tired, and I really do appreciate the ride, but it's time to call it a night," she told him.
"Look, it's not like I haven't seen you naked before," he told her with a smirk. In fact, we've been a lot closer," he told her, again referring to the blowjob she had given him. "But you've stated you want to keep your job, so I'm wondering how much you mean that," he said.
She looked at him questioningly. He was looking at her with the hunger he had shown her before when watching her with Agent Geiger. Only now, in his state of undress, she felt vulnerable.
Once again she felt the prey, and this time she was not certain he would not let her go.
"I'm not asking you to do anything you have not already done. In fact, forget it, I'm not even asking you to take off your dress," he told her with a shrug. "But you've asked me to lie to Mr. DeWight about your relationship with Dan. After promoting me, giving me the car, and everything else, I believe he would give quite a reward for discovering his childhood friend had been jilted by you," he told her.
Jen felt her blood run cold at his words. Once again she was in a situation where she was completely powerless to control. Now, with her recent mental liberation, she did not bemoan 'why me' and instead tried to figure out a way out as Brutus continued.
"You on the other hand, have asked me to lie to him, without offering any incentive at all. So look at it from my standpoint, reward versus no reward. If you want me to keep quiet about Dan and you, you'll have to offer some incentive," he said, looking at her with an evil grin.
"That's blackmail!" she said, her mind like a whirlwind as she tried to figure out what to do.
"No, blackmail is demanding something through intimidation and extortion. I am actually wanting to do the honest thing. Maybe Mr. DeWight will not be upset with you for breaking up with Dan, maybe things will continue on as they were. I honestly don't know. I am not asking anything of you, so this is all your choice, I'm just sitting here talking to a friend," he said.
Jen knew his words to be complete and utter bullshit, no matter how he twisted them. But he was right, she HAD to prevent Mr. DeWight from finding out about her and Dan's relationship, not out of fear for her job obviously, but to prevent anything from alerting him to her and Dan's connection.
"And what's to stop you from telling him whether I do anything or not?" she asked.
Brutus smiled, as if he had already won the battle and was ready to claim his prize, answering, "Mr. DeWight been pretty explicit telling us you are to be treated as 'hands off' material unless he gives his direct permission. He did so yesterday asking you to give me that fucking mind-blowing blowjob," he smiled at her. "Now I find myself wanting more. Like you said, it's as addictive as crack cocaine—now that I've had a taste, I crave it even worse," he told her.
He looked at her bluntly as he said, "But what do you think would happen if he found out I disobeyed his orders, that I actually did do something with you?" he asked. "I think we both know him well enough to know having my balls cut off would be mild in comparison. I would probably find myself feeding the fishes at the bottom of the Columbia," he told her. "The plain truth is it is more dangerous to keep this information from him," he said, looking at her intently, "that is if the right incentive were provided," he said.
Jen knew he was correct, if anybody touched her Mr. DeWight would not take such disobedience kindly. She was in the proverbial rock and a hard place.
Looking at the muscular bouncer on the bed, she saw him once again gazing at her hungrily. This time she let the feelings wash over her. She had been correct when she had said she enjoyed the feeling of being desired, and right now, the naked man was looking at her with the look of pure predator. His desire was almost palpable, and she saw his cock was already growing in anticipation.
The look and his reaction towards her set off a heat wave through her loins, expanding until her blood began to throb through her blood vessels.
Without another thought she reached down and slowly began to pull the meshed dress up past her hips.
Brutus did not smile in triumph. Instead, he looked at her more intently. It was the cold, calculated look of a predator in anticipation for the hunt. Only this hunt he did not have to do anything. For him, the prey would be offered to him. She might as well have cut herself open, exposing her viscera to him, and even shoving it into his mouth.
Slowly the hem of the dress crossed up her stomach. From the waist down—other than her stripper shoes—she was bare before him; however, she knew he would not be satisfied with her until she gave herself to him completely.
She pulled the dress up past her breasts, finally pulling it over her head and tossing it to the ground.
Looking demurely at him, she whispered, "What do you want me to do?"
Almost anticipating the question, Brutus smiled and answered, "I am not telling you to do anything. This is not blackmail. Whatever you do is your own free will and decision. You can call a cab right now and leave, I will not stop you. It's just what I will tell Mr. DeWight that you need to think about what a fair price is," he told her.
Her breasts were tight and aching as she considered his words. After knowing him for so long, she knew he was being completely honest with her—he would demand nothing of her. It was simply if she did nothing, he would talk to Mr. DeWight about her and Dan's relationship, so it was up to her to make him stay silent.
Brutus' penis was not completely erect, sticking up from his lap like an obscene flagpole, only on the chiseled muscled features of the man there was nothing obscene. Instead, she saw him as a feast laid before her and instantly her mouth began to water.
Taking her body's response as an indication on how to begin her negotiations, she moved forward, lifting her leg onto the bed and crawling to Brutus' waist.
Looking down at the engorged member, she re-estimated his size. When she had sucked him off, she had thought him to be around eight to ten inches long; however, remembering how he had filled the back of her throat, the head of his cock slamming past her larynx, she guessed him to easily be ten inches, if not eleven. Again, and admirable size as she reached down and took his cock in her hand.
Brutus hissed at the sudden contact, and she smiled. Although not exactly consensual, she was the one now in control and she slowly stroked the soft velvety skin of his cock.
Her own body would not abide by the mere touch, so without hesitation she lowered her head, taking the hard member into her mouth, sliding her lips across the soft skin, her tongue swirling around the head.
Unlike the first blowjob she had given him, which had been fast and furious, this time she went slowly, holding his cock in her mouth as her tongue slowly followed the thick vein beneath to the domed head. Once there, her tongue slowly encircled the elliptical head. She worked her tongue up to the tip, spearing the tip and spreading it open with her tongue.
"Ungh!" Brutus cried as his hips lurched, jamming his cock further into her mouth.
She smiled around the thick appendage filling her oral cavity. Some men hated their urethral orifice played with, while others relished the excruciating sensation. No matter which type Brutus was, she was the one in control, so she did as she wanted.
Slowly she glided her head upwards, her lips caressing the entire circumference of his cock as she locked her lips around the bulbous head. Once more she extended her tongue, only now in a languid, almost cautious probe, her tongue slowly spreading the slit open with the tip of her tongue.
"Fuck! Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck," Brutus changed rapidly.
Diamond then plunged the cock into her mouth again, sucking it as her tongue moved around the shaft. Reaching down with her hand, she massaged his scrotum, playing with his testicles like a pair of Ben Wa balls, kneading them in her palm as she began moving her head up and down Brutus' cock.
"Jesus Christ you are fucking amazing," he hissed as she sucked, and she once again smiled, knowing he was telling the honest truth.
Although she had started completely coerced, she now was completely absorbed in her performance, wanting nothing more than to bring the man pleasure as she expertly worked his cock in and out of her mouth.
She used her hands sparingly, knowing any guy could feel hands on his cock, it was her mouth bringing him the unique sensations as she slowly worked his cock, the hard shaft sliding in and out of her mouth languorously. It was a reverse face-fuck, her being the one in complete control, as the cock moved in and out of her mouth.
Brutus' cock was soaked with her saliva, streams of it having rolled down his balls and soaking into the sheets. In her hands his sac was a slimy, wet mess of enjoyment and she gave his balls a playful squeeze, smiling as his hips bucked upwards in response.
She could have sucked his cock for hours; however, she knew he wanted more. As he said, her previous blowjob had been like the introductory 'freebie' from a drug dealer to get somebody hooked, now he needed more.
And so did she, she knew. Not only did she desire to please him, but her own body was wound so tightly she felt like a firecracker ready to explode. The cock sliding in and out of her mouth was merely applying gasoline to an already burning fire. Her body had been ignited earlier by the FBI agent's unrestrained lust, now it flared even brighter.
Lifting up her knee, she moved it over to Brutus' other side, straddling him as she held his cock in her hand. Looking down into his eyes, she knew her own gaze was as desirous as his as she slowly lowered her hips down, sliding the glorious piece of manhood past her slit and deep into her core.
"Oh fuck! I've died and gone to heaven," Brutus cried out.
"As good as you imagined it?" she asked as she began to undulate her hips backwards and forward.
"No fucking comparison," Brutus told her as his cock slid in and out of her from her pelvic motions. "No fucking comparison," he repeated.
Diamond continued undulating her hips, Brutus' cock sliding tightly against the back of her pelvic bone as she moved forward, the cock sliding out only to slide back in before moving to the front of her pelvis, the shaft sliding across her clit as she moved her hips backwards. Over and over she repeated the motions, riding his cock slowly and succinctly.
Her body was building up to a release; however, she held it off as long as she could. Eventually she began moving faster, her hips speeding up until she was gliding rapidly across Brutus' pelvis, her motions causing the headboard to repeatedly hit the wall, the loud 'thump-thump-thump' sounds filing the apartment.
Soon she lifted herself up by her knees, rising and falling as she plunged the hard cock into her over and over. The room seemed to relish in the change of sounds, the steady 'splat-splat-splat' of her body crashing into his repeatedly now filling the room.
"Oh Jesus Christ baby," Brutus moaned, "I'm going to cum!"
Diamond's body increased her pace, not even sure it was possible, her entire body flouncing up and down over the large man.
"Fuck!" Brutus cried as she knew he was releasing his load deep inside of her.
And still she did not stop. Reaching down, she began rapidly fingering her clit as Brutus' spurting cock continued to slam in and out of her.
Then the dam broke as she pressed her finger firmly upon her clit, entrapping the small bud between her finger and her pelvis as she slammed one final time on Brutus waist, his cock driving deep into her as it continued to shoot his seed deep into her womb.
Her vaginal muscles were in an epileptic seizure, throbbing and clenching erratically around the newly appointed assistant manager's cock as she slowly slumped forward. She had intended to bury her face in the crook of his neck, but Brutus took her face in his hands, his tongue slamming into her mouth instead.
She let out a moan as his fleshy probe of her mouth continued. His hips lifted upwards and she felt his cock jettison another load of cum into her core, mixing with the FBI Agent's earlier release.
The thought of two men's sperm in her caused her vaginal muscles to spasm once again as both her and Brutus moaned, the visceral sensations ripping through their lust like a raw wound.
Finally she slid to the side, moaning as his cock eased out of her core like a thread pulled from a sweater, her entire being unraveling into a limp pile.
"You can call a cab if you want," Brutus said next to her to which she made a 'harumph' sound. "Or I can take you home in the morning," he chuckled. "Though if you stay, I unfortunately have to ask you to take your shoes off," he said as the lights dimmed.
She realized he must have had a dimmer or remote control on his side of the bed as she shucked off her shoes, barely moving her upper two-thirds of her body.
As the shoes made two loud 'thunk' sounds, Brutus added, "Although I expect them to be back on you if you get out of bed."
Diamond smiled as she squirmed into the covers, her worn body putting her to sleep before she even could think about her actions.
********************
The first thought Jen had when sleep began to leave her was how baby's definitely had it right—being swaddled tightly in bed was wondrous.
Slowly as she woke up more she realized she was aroused, a soft caressing sensation encircling her right breast, moving around her nipple. She squirmed in delight.
Her movements led her to become aware of another sensation as equally delightful—that of a hot, warm, and enticingly smooth shaft of flesh wedged between her buttocks, slowly sliding up and down.
She gasped, still more asleep than awake, as her breast was gently squeezed, the sensation of fingers sliding outward from her body coursing through her until they reached their goal, grasping tightly onto her nipple.
Once more she squirmed in delight, still tightly confined as she moved her hips, sliding the warm shaft of flesh up and down between her ass cheeks.
A low rumble vibrated through her back, like the sound of a massive rock moving across the earth as the hand on her breast slid down her stomach, going further until she gasped in her half-sleep, half-awake trance, the fingers gently stroking her slit.
This only caused her to move her hips more, the gentle rumbling against her back changing slightly. Suddenly she was rolled onto her stomach, the firm shaft of flesh between her ass cheeks sliding down, down, down.
Jen let out a loud groan as Brutus' cock slid into her pussy, his body pinning her to the bed. Her groan was muffled by the pillow her face was within, but she could not move as the man's massive frame pinned her to the mattress.
She felt his body shift, moaning in loss as his cock slowly slid out of her core, only to squeal in delight as the motion reversed, sliding deep inside of her. The movements continued, inexorably slow, but she was unable to alter the slow steady rhythm, pinned by the massive hulk.
The room was filled with the muffled, continuous moans of her head within the pillows as the large man above her slid his cock in and out of her with deliberate leisureliness.
Minutes or hours later—her mind was in too much a haze of desire to care—she was screaming into the pillow, begging, pleading, offering a life of servitude if the pace would increase. And still the large man slowly moved out, then slowly in, then slowly back out of her until she was screaming into the pillow unintelligible.
Quid Pro Quo her mind suddenly rationalized. She had been the one in control last night, and now she was helpless, the man above her controlling every sensation she was feeling.
Tears filled her eyes as her body yearned for an increase of the slow motion, her almost believing she could feel each individual ridge of his cock within her as he slowly fucked her.
How long it continued she knew not, her mind completely disoriented, but eventually there was a shift in his rhytm. At first it was a slight change, her whimpers in the pillow begging for it to be real. And then he began moving faster, and then faster still.
His thrusts began to become increasingly more forceful, her body slammed into the mattress over and over as he fucked her from behind, and she loved every second of it.
She came long before his own release, her body wracked over and over by orgasms as he thrusted into her, the steady 'slap-slap-slap' of his body against her punctuated by the fulfilling stuffing of her cunt with the large cock.
By the time he came, his cock pumping into her like a tsunami and leaving her to wonder if her uterus was going to burst like a water balloon as spurt after spurt of his ejaculate shot into her, her body was a quivering heap, her orgasms continuous and overlapping to the point where she did not know up from down, light from dark.
It was both relief and profound loss she felt as he eventually pulled out of her.
"Good morning," the male next to her chuckled with satisfaction.
Jen moaned. She remembered the sense of loss she felt the day before, waking up alone in bed and how sad it made her. And now she had woken next to a man she barely knew, a co-worker if you will, who she had fucked purely for the sake of him not to say anything to her boss about her and her fiancé's relationship.
She pushed thoughts of him out of her mind, knowing it would only sink her spirits lower than low as she turned her head away from the damp pillow, asking, "What time is it?"
"It is six o'clock," the man next to her answered way too happily.
She let out a loud groan. "Jesus, I sometimes don't go to BED until six," she moaned.
Brutus chuckled next to her. "Sorry, but blame the boss," he said. "Mr. DeWight wanted me to meet him early at the club before he flew to LA," he said getting out of bed.
At the mention of Mr. DeWight she immediately banished all sleep and good natured thoughts from her mind.
"I'll go make coffee," he told her as she heard him leave the room.
She laid in bed on her stomach for several minutes, enjoying the tranquil post-coital feeling of her body. She could feel the product of Brutus' use of her slowly oozing out of her slit and soaking into the mattress, not moving until her warm cocoon became cold from the wet sheets.
Reluctantly she got out of bed, going into the bathroom to clean herself off and use what little man care products were available to brush her hair and teeth and try to look presentable.
As she walked out of the bathroom and looked into the bedroom, she saw her clear platform shoes lying at the foot of the bed, and remembering Brutus' comment the night before with a grin, put them on, leaving the mesh dress lying upon the floor.
Coming around the corner of the kitchen—the steady 'clomp-clomp-clomp' of her shoes against the hardwood floors announcing her arrival—she saw Brutus standing in the kitchen with a cup of coffee. Like her, he was also naked, his cock gloriously hanging between his legs; however, unlike her, he had yet to clean up, his cock limp, yet still impressive, glistening proudly as a testimonial of their early morning tryst.
Brutus smiled seeing her naked yet wearing her stripper shoes, obviously remember his comment last night as well. Smiling in return to his good morning greetings, she slowly and deliberately sashayed up to him as he asked how she liked her coffee. On a sudden impulse, without saying a word, she sank to her haunches and immediately took his glistening manhood into her mouth.
She moaned around the tube of flesh as her tongue was bombarded with the tangy salty taste of both their fluids, her moan simultaneously echoed by the man above. Slowly and leisurely, like a cat grooming itself, she began to clean his dick.
Uttering another moan as she felt his shaft begin to grow within her mouth, she began sucking him with more vigor, sliding her hands around to his ass for leverage, she began moving faster and faster, his cock sliding rapidly across her lips as what started as an intimate personal kiss turned into a need for him to cum in her mouth.
Brutus' hands encircled her head as his hips thrusted forward, and she gave up her own control, allowing him to guide her movements. With a grunt of approval at her acquiescence, he began to yank her head forward, his hips lunging into her face as he sped up with complete control and domination, forcing his cock deep into her throat.
The kitchen echoed with the 'Glurk-Gnacht-Glurk' sounds as his cock repeatedly slammed into her mouth, wedging deep into her larynx.
Diamond let him have complete and absolute control, letting him slack his lust upon her as she simply focused upon taking a breath of air when she was able to.
She could not deny him his control any more than she could Mr. DeWight, or even the new hire Luther Ellis, submitting herself to a powerful man's pleasure.
Sooner than she expected, her face was slammed into the bodybuilder's pelvis, his hips jerking forward as the hot spurt of his release hit the back of her throat. Reflexively she relaxed her throat, Brutus' release pumping directly into her stomach, her throat moving spasmodically she swallowed his cum down her throat.
Finally, needing to breath, she pushed away from him, his cock sliding out of her throat and mouth with a loud gurgling sound and almost a cupful of frothy saliva—and probably sperm—poured out of her mouth in accompaniment to the still hard cock. The frothy fluid cascaded down her chin, flooding onto her breasts, and dribbled onto the floor she looked up at Brutus with a smile.
Grinning down at her with the triumphant gaze of a vanquisher, he took his cock in his hand and wiped it across her cheeks, cleaning himself off on her face before helping her to her feet and offering her a cup of coffee.
"I could get used to making your coffee like that," he said as they both laughed.
Diamond moved—swaying her hips purely for Brutus' pleasure—across the kitchen to wipe herself off with a roll of paper towels, but Brutus stopped her, telling her with authority, "No, leave it on, I like the image of you as the filthy slut who I just face fucked," he told her.
Instead of being insulted by his comment, she smiled back at him, moving her hand away from the roll of paper towels she had been reaching for and instead slid her finger up her right breast, taking the large dollop of fluid she scooped up with her finger and sticking it into her mouth. At the look of pure lust in Brutus' eyes she felt her body thrum with arousal. Her purpose was to please him, so if that was what he wanted, that was what she would do.
He poured her a cup of coffee and the rest of the early morning was uneventful, other than her being before him covered in the aftermath of their wanton oral sex.
Once Brutus was dressed, she put on the mesh dress and he took her home, dropping her off without a word as he drove to the club.
Once she got inside of her house, she went straight up to her bedroom, crawling beneath the sheets, asleep before her head hit the pillows.
********************
When Jen awoke for the second time that day, she was running late for her practice with the girls. As she hurried to get ready, she called Mary to let her know she would be late, both of them amused when Mary told her Denise would end up berating her all day for being late, the younger girl notorious for her tardiness. In good spirits, Jen hung up the phone and hurriedly put her make-up on.
Practice that day at the club went well with the other girls, their sets almost down pat, but with only two days of practice remaining, Jen kept them there until the club was opening for Happy Hour.
Knowing Mr. DeWight had left for Los Angeles earlier, Jen avoided his office. Brutus would be there and after spending the night with the bouncer-now-assistant-manager, Jen felt it wise to avoid him. She was confused and conflicted about what happened between them, and not wanting any more complications in her life took the chicken's way out. So as soon as their practice was completed, she called a cab and went home.
For once, in all the long weeks her ordeals had begun, she had an uneventful day, and the sudden realization days WITHOUT sex being few and far in-between—particularly when it was sex with somebody other than Dan—caused her to become depressed, her self-esteem hitting rock bottom. It was now the norm in her new life to debase herself before any man watching her, and she was immensely thankful for today's reprieve—until she recalled how the day had begun when she had awoken this morning.
What had she been thinking, sleeping with a co-worker, she thought? Although not the first time—recalling her abasement before Mr. DeWight and Tim, not to mention Tim's use of her on the plane, it was simply common sense to avoid inter-office romances. She had even cautioned Mary about her relationship with John knowing such work relationships never ended well.
Turning her mind to other things in an attempt to keep her mind off of her life as being nothing but a sex object, Jen spent the rest of the day catching up television shows and movies. Unfortunately even the distraction of watching television did not prevent her mind from straying, her thoughts drifting to everything happening to her, so she finally turned off the lights and went up to her bedroom—correction, she thought, her and Dan's bedroom, not wanting to lose or even get used to thoughts of him not being around.
Absently looking at her closet and thinking about all the new clothes she had been given, Jen decided to inventory and sort all the new outfits, once again she was amazed at her new wardrobe, a 'gift' to the new Divine Silk Attractions spokesmodel. She estimated there was literally thousands upon thousands of dollars in new clothes, shoes, and lingerie.
But even her addiction and love of new clothes did not stop her thoughts from straying, as once again her new life reared its ugly head within her mind as she looked through the clothes, it blatantly obviously the clothes were specifically designed to walk a fine line between decent and demeaning and it was a sobering thought knowing she would be expected to wear each and every outfit sometime in her future.
And yet, her endeavor to keep busy was somewhat successful, as when she finally looked at the clock Jen was surprised to see it late in the evening. As her plane was leaving early, she decided to go to bed, her last thoughts those of apprehension realizing her syndication party—a party where she had to prove her willingness and worth as a pornography star—was looming only days ahead.
********************
Jen's dreams were filled with scenes of her being placed on display before faceless strangers, debasing herself as they urged her on, finger-fucking herself and using vibrators and dildos and other sexual devices at their direction.
At one point she dreamed of standing in the middle of a crowded intersection, naked except for a pair of silver leathered high-heeled Louboutin pumps, blocking traffic as men watched her intently, cars honking their horns relentlessly—not at her blocking traffic, but at their approval of her state of undress.
Instead of being ashamed and degraded at her predicament, Jen felt empowered, her body aching with need at the prospect of being so vulnerable and exposed, knowing her sole purpose was for the pleasure of all the men around her.
Horns blared around her naked body as the men gazed upon her, and soon the honking and beeping of the horns was joined by the additional sounds of the subway and stores setting off alarms. Her dream was filled with a chorus of sounds, as if the entire male population was making noise in appreciation of her promiscuousness.
Knowing they wanted more—and her needing more—Jen dreamed of reaching between her legs, not surprised to find herself already soaking wet with anticipation, plunging her fingers into her slit. Her hips bucked as her hand rasped across her clit, moving faster and faster to the cacophony of the city streets.
The bells, buzzers, and horns rang even louder as Jen screamed out in release, her vaginal muscles clamping down upon her fingers while her mind exploded, her body shaking uncontrollably, and still the sounds of horns, bells, and beeps filled the room around her.
As she laid in bed trying to catch her breath, Jen realized she was awake, opening her eyes to discover the noises around her were not from a dream, but actually in her bedroom. Her first awareness was that of her cell phone buzzing repeatedly on the nightstand next to her bed, along with the alarm clock radio which was beeping repeatedly.
And then Jen heard a car horn blaring outside her window.
Pulling her hand away from her crotch, Jen felt her entire palm drenched with the fluids of her release.
Glancing at the clock radio, her mind still clouded from sleep and her post-orgasmic release, it took a moment for the time to register in her mind. Then in sudden clarity, Jen realized she had overslept!
Quickly answering her phone, she was accosted by the irate voice of the taxi driver outside in her driveway, yelling at her about having been outside and honking his horn for the last fifteen minutes, telling her she would be charged for his time waiting.
Jen apologized, telling the driver she would be out in five minutes. Quickly hanging up the phone, she reached across the nightstand and turned off her alarm—her fingers slipping across the button due to her pussy juices covering her hand, once again remembering her dream. Jen felt a brief moment of humiliation as she wiped the slimy fluid off before jumping out of bed.
It was still dark outside, the bedroom barely illuminated by the headlights of the taxi in her driveway and the glow of the alarm clock. It was much earlier than Jen was accustomed to waking—there actually times she had gone to bed even later.
Not wanting to strain her eyes, she kept the lights off. Also, body and mind were still echoing with images of her dream and masturbating to it, and Jen wanted to avoid looking at herself in the mirror, too ashamed at her subconscious actions.
Glancing at the time once more, Jen was thankful for the small miracle of not needing to pack, her closet in the hotel room being as well stocked with new clothing as her own house. The only thing she needed to do was put something on and grab her make-up bag—which she always kept packed in case she was called into work unexpectedly. Mentally admonishing herself for sleeping in and not having time to do her hair or make-up, she consoled herself on at least having the time to make herself presentable during her cab ride to the airport.
Reaching into her dresser, Jen pulled out a black thong. She had sorted her dresser drawers the night before based upon color, discovering the majority of lingerie supplied to her had been black and white, so had placed those colors in two of separate drawers, as well as having a third one for the more colorful underwear.
As the satiny material slid into the crack of her ass and pressed against her sensitive slit, Jen cursed her misfortune of oversleeping, not only unable to calm herself down from her nocturnal erotic dream, but unable to shower and wash herself off, the taxi driver's incessant horn honking once again urging her to hasten.
Still thinking about her hair, Jen suddenly recalled a hoodie dress she had noticed when sorting her closet the night before, deciding it would be perfect to hide her bed-hair coiffure. Even brushing it in the taxi it would still not be completely presentable, and remembering the reporters--or the 'porn-arazzi'—she had no doubt they would be ready and waiting for her at the airport today. The last thing Jen wanted was getting on Mr. DeWight's bad side because she had not looked appropriate. Even though the dress was hooded, Jen knew it was short enough to appease even Mr. DeWight's tastes.
As she pulled the dress on, she was surprised to feel it having long-sleeves; however, Jen knew Mr. DeWight would not have supplied her with anything that did not expose her in some fashion, and as she pulled the dress down, could feel it barely covering her ass, confirming its presence in her wardrobe was because of its short hemline and how it showed off her ass.
Unable to see the outfit in the darkened room, she did feel the dress to consist of two materials—the hood, arms, and upper portion being a soft, jersey-like material, and the remainder of the dress—from her breasts down—being a coarser material. Unfortunately Jen had little time to think about what the dress was made of, pulling the hem of the skirt down as far—or in this case as little—as it could go, hearing the cab driver once again beep his horn and knowing his patience was at its limit, spurring her on in a rush.
Yet even hurried as she was, her mind foggy with sleep, and her body thrumming with arousal from her morning's wet dream, Jen had enough presence to retain some style as she considered what shoes to wear. The hoodie dress would give her a sporty look, and she suddenly remembered a pair of high-heeled black-and-white Nike sneakers she had come across, at the time wondering when she would ever possibly wear them. Now seemed like the perfect time, so reaching into her closet she grabbed the box they were in, deciding to worry about putting them on in the care, so she stood up, grabbed her make-up bag, and ran out of the room, hurrying down the stairs and out the door.
Closing the door behind her as she exited the house, the cab driver was still beeping his horn—now louder being outside, but he immediately stopped when Jen stepped into the blinding light of the taxi's headlights.
Running to the cab in her bare feet, Jen got into the back seat, immediately apologizing again to the cab driver for having overslept and being late before he could say a word. Closing the door, she then bent down to put on her high-heeled sneakers.
Jen was still apologizing when she sat up, realizing the car had not moved and the driver had not said one word—surprising considering how vocal he had been to her over the phone about leaving on time. Looking forward she saw the man turned around in his seat, staring at her with wide-opened eyes from both surprise and obvious male appreciation of her.
For a moment Jen became overly conscientious of her hair, again realizing how little time she had to brush it, unconsciously pulling the hood over her head before once again apologizing for how late she was.
It was then she realized the man was not looking at her hair, his gaze focused much lower on her body.
Absently looking down, Jen's mind suddenly went completely blank, shocked as she got the first real look at her dress, mortified to discover it being completely see-through.
Apparently the coarse material she had felt in the dark had been nothing more than a tiny crocheted mesh of fishnet material!
Jen had felt the difference in the two materials of the dress when she had been putting it on, knowing the material of the hood, sleeves, and top portion barely covering her breasts was made of a soft jersey-like cotton material; however, she never would have guessed the roughened material to be something so ultimately indecent and risqué.
How could she have missed something so obvious, she wondered?
She thought back when she examined the dress in her closet. It had been on a hanger, jammed between the rest of her clothes and she had not pulled it out, merely glancing at what she now knew was only the top which consisted of barely a quarter of the dress, completely unaware the other three-quarters was basically nothing and would completely exposed her body!
She might as well have come outside in nothing but her black thong, now understanding why the cab driver had stopped beeping his horn when she had stepped directly in his headlights, giving him a free show.
Completely at a loss for words, Jen continued looking down in shock at her dress—or lack thereof. Once the initial shock was over, she saw the meshed material was a crocheted cut-out design, but her main concern was obviously showing off every inch of her body from the bottom swells of her breasts downward, the only thing providing her any decency was her black thong!
The car beginning to move barely registered in her mind, her mental state so much in shock, and before she was aware of it, the car had already pulled onto the highway, moving into the HOV lane before Jen realized in horror it was already too late to turn around for her to change, all due to oversleeping.
In complete and morbid clarity Jen had to face the fact she would be showing off most of her body in public, her entire ass on display to everybody at the airport. In fact, she wondered if she could be arrested for public indecency, never having worn something so revealing outside of the club.
Noticing the cab driver casting looks back at her through the rearview mirror, she had a momentary flashback to being in her limo and being watched by Larry. Immediately Jen felt her pulse speed up at her circumstances, once again being on display before a man. Even so, she was thankful her flight was early enough there would not be many people at the airport; however, the thought did not comfort her in the slightest, as by the time she arrived in Los Angeles she would have a complete audience at LAX—not to mention the 'porn-arazzi' who would undoubtedly be awaiting once they landed.
Jen wondered what Mary and Denise would think of her wearing such a revealing outfit when she met them at the gate. Being on display in public in front of strangers was one thing, but being so in front of her best friends was a new low to the lifestyle she had been thrusted into.
Although she had been a stripper for years, Jen was not accustomed to parading around semi-naked in public. Not for the first time since her ordeals began she thought about how her surrounding environment played a role in her stream of consciousness and resulting morals. Dressing in a mesh dress with nothing but a thong underneath was something completely acceptable at the club, but it was an entirely different matter in public. She recalled conversations with Mr. DeWight who had told her to dress as sexy as she could whether in public or at the club, as she was the company's living brand. This was exactly what Mr. DeWight wanted, and even the public relations woman had told her to be seen in public wearing as little as possible, showing men what she had to offer.
It troubled her this was something Jen had done almost unconsciously, even if it would be deemed acceptable to Mr. DeWight. The unfortunately circumstances of her waking up late and trapped in the revealing outfit all day was something Mr. DeWight would undoubtedly congratulate her on, probably telling her he was pleased she had finally overcome her inhibitions, finally 'settling into her role.'
Forced to be resigned to her fate, Jen leaned back into seat of the taxi, mentally readying her mind for her body's indecent exposure, a practice she had done for years in preparation before a shift at the club. As her mind slowly got into the right frame of mind, she thought about how it seemed the more she succumbed to Mr. DeWight's degradation, the more she was being Diamond, her stripper persona, than Jennifer Simmons. Then again in her mind, Jen Simmons had died the day Mr. DeWight had stepped into her and Dan's lives. Her mind once again filled with 'what ifs' wondering if she had not agreed to help the FBI agents whether she would be as deep into her role of a DSA spokesmodel as she now was, and as accepting of being nothing but a sexual object.
By the time the taxi pulled up to the airport's Departure zone, it was not Jennifer Simmons who stepped out of the cab and drew everybody's attention, but Diamond, the official Divine Silk Attractions spokesmodel.
********************
Jen Simmons would have been embarrassed at the cab driver's refusal for a tip, telling her in his broken English he was happy to simply watch her ass as she entered the airport; however, Diamond the DSA spokesmodel was amused, feeling empowered her body could satisfy somebody so easily.
She thought about exposing herself before her male coworkers in Mr. DeWight's office earlier in the week, suddenly feeling desire course though her, the knowledge of how easily men's thoughts could be persuaded by simply showing a little skin empowering her purposefulness.
This time she was not showing simply a bit of skin she thought, looking down at how the crocheted dress revealed her entire body from mid torso to her feet.
It was impossible to ignore the appreciative glances of the men around her, and Diamond felt a ripple deep within her womb, her wantonness from her dream and masturbation once again reawakened, thankful for even the miniscule black thong, as any other color would have revealed the dampness wicking from her moistened slit into the scant material.
With her ass proudly on display to the public, Diamond walked exaggeratedly into the airport, heel to toe, her hips swaying exaggeratedly with long-practice and experience, smiling at the wolf-whistles she received.
Unlike last week, this time when she was recognized by people in the security line she happily posed with those who asked without any reservations, even as scantily dressed as she was, even taking a selfie of herself and posting it on her Facebook page—something Velvet had created for her to help advertise her spokesmodel career without being controlled by DSA.
Surprisingly she noted she had over seven hundred thousand followers, seeing Velvet had also posted a few teaser pictures of her photo sessions, as well as information on joining the DSA website and purchasing more revealing pictures and movies of her. She also noticed a comment by Velvet stating her touring schedule would be posted this week, a visible reminder to what was else was happening in her life.
As much as she had worried about being in such a revealing outfit in public, now that she was in the proper frame of mind, she actually enjoyed the attention, even if it meant she was debasing herself by being partially nude in public.
At that moment she recalled her dream, standing naked in public, as if it was a foretelling of her future.
Turning her attention back to the here and now, she noticed the number of people who recognized and knew who she was compared to last week was staggering, and she briefly wondered what advertising Mr. DeWight had employed to raise awareness of the new spokesmodel, as her Facebook page alone could not have accounted for so much popularity.
It was not until she came to the desk and gave her ticket and identification to the TSA agent that her confidence was momentarily broken, the agent looking her up and down appreciatively before glancing at her credentials. Suddenly he became serious, talking into his walkie-talkie and instructing her to please wait to the side. Jen wondered if her outfit was actually too revealing and she was about to be arrested for indecency when she saw a pair of men walking towards them, suddenly recognizing both as FBI agents, although they were wearing the blue uniforms of TSA agents.
She immediately recognized Agent Lee, who had lent her his jean jacket after her impromptu strip tease before the FBI agents. The other man she also recognized, the sudden memory of him sucking and licking her breasts flashing into her mind, her breasts suddenly tightening in desire. This second agent was Agent Mancini, remembering the two men were supposed to take her to meet with the other FBI agents while at the airport.
Her role of being an FBI informant undercover suddenly came back to her, so hearing the agent instruct the pair to take her to screenings area 'B," she asked, "Is there a problem?" purposely feigning confusion at not being waved through security like everybody else.
"No problem ma'am," the male TSA agent at the desk assuaged her, his eyes not once leaving their scrutiny of her lower body. "Your name has been flagged to bypass the scanners, so if you could please follow these agents, they'll take you to the alternative screening area," he told her with a lecherous smile.
Still feigning confusion, Jen followed the two 'TSA agents' to a screening area similar, if not the same one she had been held the previous week. Not saying a word, they merely smiled at her as they opened the curtain, telling her to wait inside, flanking the 'doorway' as the curtain fell behind once she stepped into the screening area.
Experiencing a momentary sense of déjà vu, her body blushing at the recollection of her personal examination from the two real TSA agents the week before, she idly wondered if they were working again this morning.
"I must say, you are fitting nicely into your role if that outfit is any indication," she heard a familiar voice say behind her.
Turning around she saw Agent Sam Vogel, Branch Chief of the FBI unit in charge of the investigation of Mr. DeWight's illegal activities, followed by two other familiar faces—Agent Patrick Geiger, who had recruited her and been the first FBI agent she had broken her vow of monogamy with Dan, and Agent Nick Gastinov, the tech-savvy FBI agent who had convinced Mr. DeWight he was her fiancé, the mobster already knowing she was engaged, but not to whom. He especially did not know she was engaged to Dan, his childhood punching bag who he had hired and who was also serving as an FBI informant.
The last time Jen had seen the grotesquely overweight branch chief she had been naked and lying on her back on the his desk, her legs held together over his shoulder as his cock plunged into her over and over relentlessly, the large member cleaving her apart, slamming into her core repeatedly as his sweat splattered her body, dripping obscenely from his face and body.
The cascade of carnal images caused Diamond's body to heat up, her pussy actually clenching at the thought of the fat man's cock once more sheathed within her to the hilt. To her shame—both now and then—he had awaken a primordial lewdness no other man had brought out of her before he came inside her, filling her womb with his seed and then casually leaving the room as if nothing had happened, telling her to get a ride home from one of his agents.
That session had been a test of her willingness to sink into the depraved role she was now fully invested in—that of not simply a stripper, or even a porn actress, but the personal slut to Mr. DeWight, her only expectation being to sexually satisfy any man he chose.
Diamond wondered if this meeting was another such 'test,' further verifying her pledge to see this investigation through, to put Mr. DeWight away in prison forever. Mentally she reaffirmed she would go to any lengths to fulfill that deal.
Once again thinking of the lascivious activities she was expected to do, she felt her body flood with a mixture of emotions, ranging from dread to anticipation.
Nodding to the two other men, she realized this meeting had to have been carefully coordinated. It was also the perfect ruse, as even if Mr. DeWight became suspicious of her role as an FBI informant, he would not consider her meeting them in such a public location.
Attempting to ignore the appreciative looks and lecherous grins from the two agents from her attire, she instead focused her attention on Agent Vogel as he said, "I wanted to meet with you to brief everything we have learned since our get-together," he said, grinning at his last statement.
Diamond felt her body flush, knowing he was recalling what had occurred at their last meeting just as she had.
To some dismay, her body's flush of heat was not that of embarrassment, but arousal as she looked at all three of the men, acknowledging their lecherous gazes. The face all of these men had already slacked their lust upon her only exacerbated her body's response, the familiarity of them and how they had used her not to be ignored. As such, her body instantly reacted to the memories of their perversions upon her, fueling her already jump-started libido. Even seeing Nick, with whom she had recently attempted to avoid with the excuse of them 'taking a break' until their 'wedding' caused her body to become horny, a cool dampness once again seeping into her thong.
No longer was her timidness an issue, as she felt the need to show herself off and place her body on display like she had with her coworkers earlier in the week. Diamond wanted to prove herself to these men, to show them she had what it took not simply to embed herself deeply into Mr. DeWight's world, but to appease their every desire.
There being no furnishings in the screening area other than a table, Diamond pulled herself onto it, sitting before the men. Instead of crossing her legs, she kept them parted slightly, just as she had when sitting on Mr. DeWight's desk in front of everybody, giving the agents an unobstructed view of her barely covered sex.
All three pairs of eyes dropped down to look between her legs and she watched Agent Vogel smile, as if reading her thoughts before he spoke again.
"First, I wanted to tell you how proud all of us are at how well you have adapted to your undercover role," he told her, once again eyeing her current attire. "I admit even after your willingness to prove yourself initially, the team overall had doubts on you able to truly pull it off and be believable. When we last met, your acquiescence was more reactionary and contrived, being resigned at the circumstances you had been thrown into. After these past few weeks of watching the surveillance tapes, as well as the reports from Agents Geiger and Gastinov, I have to admit I am convinced we might be able to pull this off," he told her.
Diamond was uncertain how she should feel about his compliment. In essence he was stating she was now a slut, her role as a DSA spokesmodel no longer an act of contrition, but one she seemed to naturally fit into. Even she wondered if she were acting any longer, her body obviously aroused even at these men's presence as Agent Vogel continued speaking.
"Based upon the flurry of activity we have observed from DeWight's enterprise, they are also fully taken in by your new façade. We believe Mr. DeWight will now be using your tour of the clubs as a cover for him to further expand his activities," he said.
Seeing her confused look, Agent Geiger explained, "Typically when a dealer is expanding or has a sudden shipment of goods to move, there is an increase of activity at their establishments. In this case we have been seeing increased activity in all the clubs—not only in the comings and goings of known accomplices of Mr. DeWight, but also phone traffic, e-mail, and the like. Last week we observed an inordinate amount of activity at the DSA Corporate headquarters, and this past week, at the Satin Kitty," he told her. "Last night the LA club suddenly began to stir. We have also learned a large shipment of unknown contents headed to Houston where your first engagement on your tour is scheduled."
Jen was surprised to hear his knowledge of the goings on around the DSA holdings, as she had yet to learn her tour schedule, wondering how else the FBI got their information.
The branch chief continued, saying, "Whether Charles DeWight is present or not—as he will be out of the country the first part of your tour—it now seems the illegal activities of his enterprise will be occurring at the clubs the same times you are there. This gives us a rare opportunity to have somebody inside at the same time something is occurring, instead of us learning about it after the fact and playing 'catch-up.' We are hoping you will be able to discover some evidence as to DeWight's illegal activities being onsite," he explained. "We have been waiting for an opportunity like this for years, and with you ensconced as the DSA spokesmodel, having unlimited access to every club," he told her gravely, "it will be time to put this stroke of luck to good use," he said to her.
"Until then," he continued, "I have asked Agent Gastinov to reacquaint you with some of your surveillance items," he said to her, looking at the other agent who gave Diamond a wink. "You have made good use of the cameras," the branch chief said with a grin as Jen felt her face flush, "but being in the middle of the action at the clubs will require the full repertoire of your equipment."
The fancy equipment disguised as jewelry had become a part of her, but they were more than pretty adornments to her body, each item a piece of highly technical gadgetry ranging from GPS trackers to listening devices to video cameras.
Agent Vogel continued speaking, telling her, "It is vital you find evidence in the next few weeks before this investigation is shut down for lack of results," he told her, "as well as making sure nobody is aware of your activities. The badge reader will be particularly handy hiding any technological traces of your whereabouts, but don't simply rely on the tech," he told her, "you also need to keep an eye and not be discovered," he told her.
Jen nodded in understanding. And she understood his comment about the investigation shutting down, as not only was the cost of all the equipment she had been given enormous, but the amount of man-power devoted to this case was enough for Vogel's superiors to be expecting results, beyond her day-to-day carnal activities as a DSA spokesmodel.
"The next thing I wanted to cover is this little impromptu adlibbing going on between you and Agent Gastinov," the branch chief said.
Jen felt her anxiety spike, knowing her kicking the agent out of her house the day before would have consequences, beyond the branch chief looking at her sternly.
"I don't need to repeat how we have waited years for an agent to get close to Charles DeWight's organization," the obese branch chief told her. "Ever since Agent Espanosa's disappearance, DeWight and his men have had an impeccable knack catching any operatives even marginally close to his operation," the fat man said.
She glanced at Agent Geiger, seeing his jaw tighten at the mention of the missing FBI agent, knowing him and the missing female agent had been close as the branch chief continued.
"Finally, out of sheer fucking luck Agent Gastinov pulls a miracle out of his ass and gets DeWight to believe he is your fiancé, finally giving us a long-awaited opportunity to have an agent able to be on DSA premises without question, and I find out you pretty much kicked him out of the house," he said angrily.
"That's not how it happened," Jen said in exasperation as the branch chief, someone who obviously expected people to follow his every directive, held up his hand.
"I don't give a shit what happened, I want it fixed," he told her. "I also do not want you sabotaging this operation again, or all deals are off and we are cutting you lose," he said angrily.
Her mind flashed back to waking up in sheer sexual bliss the other day, the FBI agent in question gratifying her with the best sex she ever had her entire life. Afterwards she had felt complete remorse it had been a stranger, not Dan, who had given her such sexual fulfillment, so to remain true to her real fiancé, she had told Nick—her fake fiancé—they needed a 'break' from their 'relationship.' She had thought it the best way to get out of the situation was for everybody to think she was focusing upon her career, knowing Mr. DeWight would be listening to the conversation.
Her attention was brought back to Agent Vogel as he said, "Now, I'm not expecting you to take him back with open legs," he smiled at his own crude joke, "but I do want to see something reconciled between the two of you so Agent Gastinov can still be present on your tours and offer whatever assistance he can," he said to her.
A part of her realized the branch chief was correct. She had given in to her own feelings, not thinking of the benefits the FBI agent could provide being so close to her in Mr. DeWight's eyes. Although access to the clubs was limited, the very fact he could still be on the premises in the guise of visiting or watching Diamond perform was better than if he was forced to be several blocks away in the surveillance vehicle.
"I'm sorry," Jen said, lowering her head, apologetic for fucking things up.
"There is a silver lining we have been discussing though," the large man said, causing her to look up at him. "First, we feel the best way to mitigate the damage without raising suspicion is to start planning the wedding between you two."
Her eyes widening in shock, the large man held up his hand.
"I'm not saying you two actually get married. In fact, as you are engaged to Mr. Jeffries, Agent Geiger has convinced me to determine if we can arrange for you two to get married in a private ceremony while DeWight thinks you and Agent Gastinov are tying the knot," he told her.
Jen was elated, suddenly feeling much of her worries disappear.
Could she really finally marry Dan?
She looked at Agent Geiger in gratitude. Even though the circumstances for her and Dan dictated their relationship be strangers to each other, the very idea of them being bonded, even undercover, would mean more to her than anything else in the world.
Seeing her happy face, the branch chief smiled.
"I know it's not an ideal solution," he told her, "but we can only hope for the best. Granted a lot depends on finding evidence on DeWight and his organization, so this should be added incentive for you to keep an eye out on what is going on around you," he told her. "In the meanwhile, I want your planning of the wedding—with Agent Gasinov's involvement of course—to be as public to Charles DeWight as possible, leaving out only personal information such as times and places so he does not get too interested. As long as he knows you are planning a wedding he'll be less inclined to keep track of your movements when he believes you are only going shopping, picking out flowers, or whatever else women do with these things," he said to her. "That also gives us more freedom to plan more briefings in case there are any last minute things to be aware of," he told her.
Jen was overwhelmed at such good news, wanting to hug the large sweaty man, but before she could express her happiness, the large man's face grew serious again.
"The last thing I wanted to cover are issues and concerns the Powers that Be in pay grades higher than mine have raised," he told her, his eyes rolling back in his head indicating this was not his choice of topic.
His expression put her somewhat at ease, understanding even a branch chief of the FBI had people to appease as he continued speaking.
"We have been able to glean considerable information about DeWight's organization from your surveillance equipment," he told her, almost as if he were restating an already prepared speech. "The very fact of DeWight allowing you to remain in his office while dealing with accomplices and telephone conversations has unearthed information not known previously,," he told her, again giving her the feeling this was a prepared speech, and one he had probably already given to his superiors. "Even when you were unaware of what was occurring around you—being distracted with more...personal endeavors," he said with a lecherous grin, his eyes once more traveling across her exposed curves. "But even with that new information," he told her, causing the saying of 'wait for the other shoe to drop' to come into her mind, he said, "the fact you are an untrained civilian and most of our case resting upon you has left some concern and questions about your reliability and steadfastness in this investigation," he said to her. "Particularly now that we have had to involve other agencies," he said to her.
At her questioning look, Vogel waved his hands around him at the screening area saying, "Our official presence here has involved considerable red tap with Homeland Security and the Transportation Security Administration," he explained. "The planning of your upcoming nuptials will allow more leeway in organizing briefings and passing along information; however, the very nature of weekly access to the airport is an opportunity we cannot overlook," he said. "In working with the other agencies there have been apprehensions voiced about your compliance to do what it takes to further this investigation," he told her.
Jen began to suspect where this discussion was heading, recalling the last time her 'consent and readiness' was called into question. Previously when her resolve had been called into question volunteering to be an informant by accepting Mr. DeWight's contract, she had been 'tested' by the FBI agents, demonstrating her willingness to be used as a sex object, allowing Agent Geiger—a complete stranger—to have sex with her. Further proof of her and Dan's steadfastness in becoming the DSA spokesmodel was allowing him to screw her right in front of her own fiancé. Later, to show her immorality was not simply an arbitrary act made out of anger at her circumstances, she had proven her acquiescence to her role by having sex with the overweight branch chief standing before her. Since then, she felt she had 'proven' to go 'the extra mile' by having sex several times with Agent Gastinov, as well as another time with Agent Geiger—above and beyond allowing her body to be used as a complete slut by Mr. DeWight and her coworkers.
Surely they still could not be questioning her consent and willingness as a willing slut, she wondered!
Voicing that very thought she said, "I'm not fucking enough for them?" she asked angrily, her resentment coming to the forefront. She was completely miffed there was even a question to the depravity she would allow. "In the last two weeks I've posed nude for several photograph sessions, have stared in two porn movies—one of which was a fucking gangbang with five guys—not to mention debasing myself to every guy I have worked with and considered a friend for the past few years," she said in exasperation. "What more 'willingness' do I need to show to you fucking FBI guys?" she asked angrily, amazed her motives could even be questioned.
"It is not that you haven't shown your...uh...well adaptability to your situation," Agent Vogel assured her, "but your upcoming syndication party has raised concerns," he told her. "You have shown tremendous resilience adapting to situations calling for particular...uh...assets," he explained with a grin, "But based upon our research of similar parties DeWight has held..." his voice trailed off as he looked at her almost apologetically before continuing. "Well, the bottom line is this party is nothing more than a sexploitation orgy. You are going to be expected to demean yourself in ways you probably have not thought possible—not just with one man, but an unknown number of men, at the same time," he said, looking uncomfortable even talking about the party. "We know DeWight is going to put you on the market like a slab of meat, expecting you to not only permit, but be the instigator to a depth of depravity most women would be appalled to even hear about, let alone participate," he finished telling her.
Jen was flabbergasted, but not at his description of the party—his overview was pretty much what she expected. No, her surprise was Vogel's bosses not thinking she was slutty enough.
"Have I said one word of refusal to any situation I've been forced into?" she asked, her ire rising at the mere question of what her role as a DSA spokesmodel demanded.
Had she not already proven herself? She had done things she would never had imagined before, becoming less than a person, solely a sexual plaything at the whim of Mr. DeWight. And still her subservience was being questioned?
Oddly the image of her masturbating and finger-fucking herself in front of every male coworker came to mind. Before she could even question her actions, Jen stood up from the table, looking intently at the three FBI agents.
"They want to see how willing I am?" she asked in anger and exasperation. "Fine, how's this?" she asked.
Without another word she pulled the hem of her 'dress' up her hips and hooking her thumbs around the waist bands of her thong, pulled it down to her ankles, exposing her entire lower body as she kicked the small black material across the curtained room.
"How's this for willing?" she asked, sitting back on the table and spreading her legs open wide before the men, looking on in surprise.
"Who wants to go first?" she asked to the incredulous faces of all three men, who stood in front of her looking ridiculously dumbfounded.
Jen knew she was completely out of character; however, it was exactly what was being called into question. She could easily imagine how she appeared to the three agents, wearing a hoodie over her head with the rest of the practically transparent dress pulled up around her hips, her legs spread fully exposing the cleft between her legs to the men, her only other clothing being her spiked, high-heeled sneakers.
"Nobody interested?" she said to the stunned silence of the men before her. "Fine, I'll show you myself how willing I am to cheapen and debase myself?" she asked. "How's this?"
Still irate, no longer caring how slutty she looked, the image of fingering herself fresh in her mind, Jen reached down between her legs, vulgarly spreading her slit open with her fingers, baring her pink moist flesh to the three men. She let out a moan as she inserted her middle finger into her core, slowly finger-fucking herself in front of them.
Even upset, it did not take long before Jen's fingers reawakened her earlier arousal, her body quickly responding to her digital manipulations. As ludicrous as her actions were, her arousal overcame her irritation as Jen's breath became shallow. Involuntarily her hips began to rock back and forth upon the table, slowly at first, then more urgently as her fingers plunged past her vulva into her core, her hand speeding up.
The three FBI agents watched in awe, mesmerized at her fingering herself so blatantly before them, even Nick who was always ready with a quick joke or comeback was at an apparent loss for words.
Thinking about the tech-savvy agent, Jen recalled the recent sex she had with him, her fingers moving even faster as her body began to tense up, knowing an orgasm was fast approaching.
And still the men watched silently, mesmerized, the only sounds in the room the fast-pasted squishing of her fingers plunging in and out of her pussy in accompaniment to the background sounds of the airport.
After a few minutes Jen leaned back, gasping as she brought herself to climax, her mind exploding in mild ecstasy, biting her lower lip harshly to stifle the yell from her release, still aware of being in an airport with nothing but a curtained wall between her and the rest of the world.
Jen remained motionless on the table, allowing her body's involuntary quivers to course through her, her pussy clenching around her embedded fingers. Not realizing she had closed her eyes, she opened them, her gaze met by the fevered and aroused expressions of the three FBI agents, their obvious disbelief at her sudden depraved spectacle, her hand still pressed against her pelvis pressing tightly against her clit more than they expected from her.
A part of her mind revolted, appalled at what she had just done—stripping off her thong and masturbating before the three law enforcement men in a fucking airport—but Diamond's arousal was still too heightened to care. After her erotic dream and being on display all morning, her lust needed more than a quick diddling session.
Looking at the fat branch chief she asked, "So was this enough proof?" she asked, her body still trembling from her release. "Am I willing and wanton enough for your damn superiors at the FBI?" she asked.
She was surprised when the obese FBI branch chief smiled lecherously.
"Although appreciative and needing no other convincing of the depths you are willing to plunge," Agent Vogel told her, chuckling at his pun as he purposely looked down at her hand still nestled within her pussy. "But as I mentioned, there is now more than one agency involved, and others must report your compliance with their superiors," he said, a grin once more forming upon his face.
"As you are aware, it is a Federal law all airplane passengers must undergo a security screening at the airport," he said, his change in topic taking her off-guard. "Our ability to meet here and talk to you privately involved several favors to be called between the two agencies," he told her. With another conspicuous grin he said, "You are still required to undergo a security screening."
She almost scoffed out loud. Here she was sitting in an airport practically naked, in a completely wanton position, her hand buried in her aroused snatch—and the agent wanted to discuss her undergoing a security screen?
Looking down at her lack of clothing, she wondered where the hell was she supposed to hide anything, up her ass?
"Excuse me?" she voiced, her mind still trying to grasp how out in left field the large man's comments were compared to her response, becoming embarrassed at her brazen actions.
The fat branch chief looked at her again with a grin, his eyes still glimmering with lust as Diamond felt a brief satisfaction knowing he was thinking about her.
But then he continued, saying, "I had to pull quite a few personal strings for a waiver to be issued allowing us to meet you without going through the proper processes, and the TSA Supervisory Officer has requested to meet with you personally, well within his rights," Agent Vogel told her, his gaze still upon her hand between her legs. "It is he who will be reporting to his TSA superiors, who will then be reporting to mine," he told her.
Finally looking up at her he smiled and shrugged stating, "It is simply more red-tape," he told her, "Such is always the case with cross-agency relations," he explained.
Diamond was nothing but a pawn in this circumstance, realizing even the FBI branch chief needed to comply with certain protocols.
"Fine," she answered. She was embarrassed at her outburst and resulting depraved reaction when all she had to do was meet a supervisor as she said, "Let me get dressed and I can meet with him," she said as she slid her bare ass off the table. Then she smiled adding, "Although 'dressed' is probably a bit of an understatement," trying to make light of the situation.
Agent Vogel's next words caused her to stand still as a statue.
"Actually, you are fine as you are," Agent Vogel said to her abruptly.
The branch chief was looking at her with a knowing smile, and Diamond felt a sudden moment of apprehension wondering what else she had gotten herself into.
Before she could say anything the branch chief nodded to the two other FBI agents, who turned around and exited the curtained doorway.
Almost immediately upon their exit, two other men dressed in the Smurf blue uniform of TSA officers entered the room.
"Although you have already met, let me officially introduce you to Supervisory Transportation Security Officer Marcus Collins, Transportation Security Administration, Homeland Security," Agent Vogel said, inundating her with titles as he continued his introductions. "As well as his newly assigned deputy, Officer Mike Carleton," he said to her, "both of whom will be performing your security screen."
Diamond felt her body suddenly heat up, flushing in embarrassment as she recognized the two TSA agents who had 'frisked' her the week before.
Seeing the look of recognition on Diamond's face, Agent Vogel smiled, telling her, "When I watched the surveillance footage of your security screen last week I recognized Marcus from our military days," he told her, "coming up with the perfect cover on how we could brief you. As you would be passing through the airport weekly over the next couple months, it took only a brief phone call to Marcus for him to agree with my plan," he told her, grinning like a Cheshire cat. "Once he learned your identity and role as our informant on an important case, he was more than willing to offer any assistance the TSA could provide through his capacity as Supervising Officer," he completed telling her.
Diamond's mind fluttered with images of her 'pat down' the previous week, recalling both men's touch upon her bare slit, followed by their hands squeezing and kneading her breasts, intimately and unabashedly before allowing her to proceed to her gate.
Her eyes turned towards the large black man, watching as he smiled—his pure white teeth in stark contrast to the dark complexion of his face. His expression left her no doubt he was practically reading her mind, looking at her knowingly and remembering their previous encounter.
She was like a deer in the headlights, caught in the large man's knowing gaze, and Diamond felt her breasts tighten, her Kegel muscles involuntarily clenching as she understood she was completely vulnerable. At least the week before she had at least been covered by her clothes, although then no wearing panties. Now she was practically naked, her meshed dress hiked up around her hips and her underwear lying in a jumbled heap behind the large black man.
She looked at the tiny pile of black material of her thong on the floor, the large TSA agent following the direction of her gaze, smiling in awareness at the direction of her thoughts.
In an attempt to take her mind off her vulnerability, she turned her eyes to the Caucasian officer, suddenly feeling no less threatened and vulnerable by his deliberate gaze.
Last week the officer—Deputy Supervisory Officer Carleton—had been cautionary with his intimacy and touch upon her, recent to his position; however, apparently a lot had happened over the week as he now looked at her with an air of authority, certain of his power over her.
In a deep dark place Diamond felt a thrill of excitement course through her at the apparent change in confidence, watching as his eyes purposefully travelled down her body, focusing upon her bare crotch.
Diamond had no doubts to what would be happening. Here she was, a porn actress naked from the waist down, in a private screening area of the airport with two obviously horny men. She had no illusions her 'security screen' by these two government enforcement employees who had already felt her up previously would hold back now.
Instead of fear or embarrassment, Diamond felt an overwhelming desire flood her body, similar to how she had felt in Mr. DeWight's office when he had talked to each of the men at the club.
The phrase 'What would a DSA spokesmodel do' echoed within her head, as another tingle ran through her, warmth building within her lower stomach as she understood her only role—one she now desired to perform—was to entertain and please them.
Without any hesitation, she turned around, spreading her legs apart and 'assuming the position' by placing her hands upon the table, leaning away from the men.
Looking over her shoulder she said, "Shall we begin?"
The two TSA officers smiled in lust as Agent Vogel slapped the large black man on the shoulder saying, "I'll catch up with you at the bar Friday night and leave you to your duties," he chuckled before walking out of the curtained doorway, leaving her alone with the two men—government enforcement employees who had already proven they were not opposed to crude and invasive violation of her body.
Having already masturbated twice this morning, Diamond's body was primed and more than willing to accept and do whatever the TSA officers asked. She had already been prepared to have sex with three FBI agents, and although she had not been as intimate with these two men as she had with the others, there had already been a certain degree of intimacy between them.
Hearing the two men move closer behind her, Diamond hung her head forward as a sign of submission, feeling arousal at her vulnerable position.
She heard the white officer—Deputy Officer Carleton—say in a hushed voice, "Fuck. This can't be happening. Last week I didn't know who she was, but now to have an actual porn star naked before me is a dream come true!"
The large black man—Supervisory Officer Collins—laughed saying, "Not just a porn star," he chuckled, "but THE DSA spokesmodel, the most desired and highest paid porn star on the planet!"
With her head bowed, her hair spilled out of her hoodie, she knew she was in a completely subservient position, at the sole mercy of the government agents' discretion.
She heard the large dark man say—obviously to his deputy, "Remember your training. This will be an important test so I want you to perform a full and complete inspection on the passenger," he instructed in an authoritative tone, as if this were a normal security screening and there was not a practically naked porn actress spread before him.
Diamond gasped at the sudden unexpected touch of the agent's hand upon her head, the built up anticipation and unexpected sensation amplified by her fantasies.
"I think you can leave the hoodie on," the supervisor stated. "It adds a sense of mystique about her, don't you think?" he said.
The other agent grunted noncommittally in response as Diamond felt his hands slide down the outside of her hoodie to grasp her shoulders, each hand slowly sliding down her arms. As his hands passed her elbows Diamond sucked in a sudden gasp, feeling the officer's cold belt press against her bare ass as he leaned against her, his hands continuing down to her wrists before reversing the process, sliding back up her arms, his body moving away once again.
Although she was expecting it, Diamond could not contain the sudden gasp as the TSA officer's hands slid beneath her arms and forcefully grasped her breasts in both hands.
"That's good, make sure you verify there is nothing hidden in her bra," the black man said matter-of-factly, as if this were a normal occurrence as the deputy officer squeezed and contorted her yielding flesh.
Diamond groaned as the agent's fingers clamped her nipples roughly, his assault upon the sensitive mammary tissue further exciting her. Since her head was hanging forward, she watched as the agent's hands kneaded her breasts through the black material of her dress, his fair skin in sharp contrast to the black material of her dress.
"I don't believe she is wearing a bra," the agent said, his hands displacing every centimeter of her pliable chest.
"Excellent, but be extra thorough before giving the green light and proceeding," the deep voice of the black man came to her ears.
She could sense, more than see, the large man off to the side, obviously watching his deputy feel her tits, and yet his voice still remained dead-panned, as if this were a normal every-day thing for them.
Diamond groaned again as the TSA officer's fingers once more twisted her nipples, his fingers torturing the sensitive nubs until every inch of her breasts was sore. Diamond was aching with need by the time the agent's hands moved around her, caressing her hips as they slid down her bare thighs, slowly caressing her as they moved to behind her knees, then reached her sneaker ankle boots.
"Should I remove her shoes?" the novice agent asked from below, kneeling behind her bare ass.
There was no doubt the agent had a perfect view of her pussy, already reddened and wet after her recent fingering.
She then heard the supervisor agent scoff as he said, "I think there are other more pertinent areas for you to explore than her feet," he chuckled. "Here, use this," he said enigmatically behind her.
Diamond had no idea what to expect when she suddenly felt a cold sensation upon her labia.
"Aiee!" she cried out, immediately jerking her hips forward.
With sudden clarity she realized the agent had applied some sort of lubricant with his fingers; however, she barely noticed it for more than a second as she suddenly let out an animalistic groan, her hips bearing down as the agent's fingers plunged into the cleft of her vulva, slipping deep into her core.
Diamond groaned again as the officer began to slowly worked his fingers in and out of her pussy—soaked by her own desire as well as the added silky sensation of the lubricant.
"That's it," the large black man instructed, his voice now behind and below her, the man obviously moving for a better view of his subordinate's endeavors. "Make sure she is not hiding any contraband," he said with a chuckle, instructing the agent to continue his obscene vulgar invasion of her body.
After her erotic dream, masturbating twice, and exposing herself to the entire world all morning in her revealing outfit, Diamond was more than ready to accept the agent's probing touch. Without any hesitation she began gyrating and grinding her hips, sliding her body up and down the agent's well-lubricated fingers, feeling at least three of his digits boring into the yielding core of her pussy as she practically fucked his hand.
Diamond was completely devoid of morals, completely overcome with lust standing with her legs spread, riding a government official's hand as he practically fisted her. As her hips rode up and down in her obscene joy ride, she felt her body begin to tense, knowing she was about to orgasm.
Suddenly the TSA supervisor said, "OK, that's enough."
Diamond let out a groan of aggravation, so close to an orgasm she could almost taste it as the agent's hands dutifully pulled out of her cunt.
She felt the slimy, mucous sensation of the agent wiping his hand upon her right ass cheek, his lack of concern for her dignity further degrading her as she heard the supervisor say, "That was excellent," he told his deputy, "but I believe you need to give that area a more thorough examination."
Diamond felt her womb clench eagerly, her mind was clouded by lust and her body yearning for more abuse.
She heard the junior officer say "Sir?" asking for further clarification.
"I believe the passenger should be probed deeper, with more sensitive equipment," the deep voice said enthusiastically behind her.
Several moments passed as she leaned upon the table, her head still hanging forward in defeat and submission while her pussy throbbed for attention.
Finally she heard the exasperated voice of the large supervisor say, "Boy, you have a known porn actress with her legs spread before you, ready and willing to cooperate with anything you request—and you need to ask me what I mean?" he said.
Diamond could almost see the proverbial light bulb come on in the deputy officer's head as sudden clarity came to him as he asked tentatively "You mean...ah...fuck her?"
Diamond groaned in yearning as she heard the jingling of the agent's belt suddenly being taken off, setting it on the table next to her. In a complete state of need she opened her legs further, tilting her hips back to give the agent free right of passage to her sex.
She did not have to wait long, and although expected, the sudden invasion of the agent's cock into her pussy, stretching the walls of her cunt wide forced a grunt from her lungs, the loud "Ugnncht!" exiting her mouth reverberating pass the curtained walls to echo around the airport.
The agent had not hesitated, sheathing his cock within her to the hilt.
Diamond began to grunt repeatedly as the agent wasted no more time, grasping her hips and slamming furiously into her, then yanking his hips back and slamming again, over and over, the fast-paced 'slap-slap-slap-slap' of their skin meeting together with his vigorous thrusts in unison with her grunts of desire.
Diamond was completely overcome with lust, no longer aware of her surroundings, only focusing on the agent's use of her, willing to let him have his way with her.
She felt her body once more tighten up, her orgasm preparing to overpower her entire being when the agent suddenly cried out, "Fuck me!" slamming into her one final time, Diamond feeling her insides heat up as the agent's cock released its load of cum deep into her womb.
Frustrated at her own denied orgasm, Diamond let out a moan. Her body quivered in need as her vagina clenched and unclenched around the TSA officer's cock, milking him of his seed, even as she ached for a full release, the climax poised like a tightly wound spring inside her.
Another moan escaped her as the agent pulled out of her, the warm flush of his cum mixed with her own juices weeping from her slit and coating the inside of her thighs.
She was still in desperate need, the agent's fucking too brief to give her any satisfaction, her body too wound up for such a hasty fucking.
"That was an excellent inspection," the large black man behind her said to the other agent.
Diamond let out a whine of vexation at being used to the other man's fulfillment and not hers, a part of her mind berated her, telling her that was not her role. Her role was merely to be on the receiving end, not derive pleasure to herself. As such, Diamond remained in her subservient position, leaning over the table on her hands, her legs still spread while the deputy officer's cum slowly dribbled down her thighs.
"Let's take a look at your work," she heard the dark man say.
Diamond then let out a prolonged groan as she felt a large hand stroke her vulva, immediately knowing it was the large black supervisor now touching her. She let out another groan, lowering herself upon the large fingers that began playing with the cum and moisture seeping from her; however, she let out another exasperated sigh when the agent moved his hand away.
She heard him chuckling at her obvious frustration as he said, "Unfortunately you only completed part of the frisking," he said, obviously to the other man.
Diamond began to feel anticipation at the knowledge they may not yet be done with her. It was reasonable the large black security officer wanted his own time with her, recalling how he had repeated everything the other man had done the week before—and more completely.
"Sir?" she heard the other agent repeat at his superior's comment.
"Although you've thoroughly explored one possible area passengers hide contraband, you skipped one of the most common areas, not just for women, but men," the supervisor said.
Before her mind could even take in his words, Diamond let out a primordial grunt as one of the agent's fingers plunged into her asshole without warning.
Had his finger not been covered with an excess amount of lubrication, she would have been in excruciating pain, but as the well-lubricated digit sank quickly to the third knuckle, Diamond felt only pleasure, again issuing a guttural moan as the agent began sliding his finger in and out of her ass, the friction across her anal sphincter even more sensual than her recent fucking.
After only a few strokes of the agent's arm, Diamond began moving her hips back and forth, urging Marcus' finger to continue its probe, amazed at the incredible sensation of being anally fingered.
It was not long before she felt her body begin to tighten for the third time, her body again ready to be finally overwhelmed by a release.
The agent's finger pulled back, she felt her anal sphincter grasp the finger as if refusing to let go. Groaning in ecstasy as the finger plunged back into her ass.
Almost ready to climax, Diamond prepared for another plunge of the agent's finger; however, to her consternation, she felt the agent's finger continue to pull back, dislodging itself from her tight opening. She was about to moan her displeasure at once more being denied an orgasm but then she sighed in relief, feeling his finger once again press against her corn-hole button.
Then her eyes opened wide as the agent's hands—both of them—firmly grasped her hips. With sudden understanding Diamond realized it was the head of the agent's cock pressed against her star-shaped sphincter!
"No-gnuchtnnph!" she grunted as the large mushroomed bulbous head of the agent's cock spread her anal sphincter wide open, a heated flash of pain coursing through her at the forced entry before she felt a visceral 'pop' as the head of his cock cleared her anus and lodged into her rectum, her tight sphincter clamping around the shaft.
With the head of the agent's cock now past her sphincter, the pain turned into immediate need and Diamond almost involuntarily pushed back, the black cock slowly beginning to slide into her bowels.
Letting out a loud moan, not caring if people in the airport heard her, she continued moaning as the agent slowly fed his cock into her innards, inch after gratifying inch. She began taking heavy deep breaths, her body tenaciously accepting the invasion of the large cock, her ass spreading further and further apart as the agent tunneled deeper into her.
Diamond estimated at least six inches of the ebony dick was lodged inside her, with no indication of being close to complete as she let out another loud guttural moan.
"That's it, you like that black cock in your ass, don't you bitch?" she heard behind her.
Diamond could only sigh loudly in agreement as the cock slid deeper into her, her ass slowly inverting, the long insertion of his cock rubbing continuously against the tight O-ring of her anus. The black dick seemed endless as she became impaled through her ass.
Several more intense inches more and she moaned again, this time in relief as the black man's pelvis pressed against her ass cheeks, his cock now fully sheathed within her bowels.
She groaned as the agent's hands moved up her sides, reaching around to grasp her breasts. Apparently not satisfied with what he felt, the tall agent pulled the jersey material of her dress a few inches, until her nipples poked through the meshed material and he was basically stroking her bare tits.
She issued another moan as the large dark hands pinched her nipples simultaneously, even as the man's hips began sliding back and forth.
The sensation of being sodomized by the large black cock while her nipples were overzealously tweaked was too much, and Diamond let out a yell of fulfillment as her long-awaited orgasm coursed through her body.
"Ahhh, God!" she cried out, not caring if other passengers heard her as her body was overwhelmed by her release, the agent's long shaft continuing to bore into her ass as if drilling for oil.
She completely lost track of time, ruthlessly fucked in the ass while the agent continued to maul her tits, clamping her nipples so tightly between his fingers she was certain they were bruised. Her grunts and moans were partially obscured by the loud percussion of the agent's body slamming into her, the steady and distinct rhythmic 'slap-slap-slap' echoing through the area, and undoubtedly heard in the surrounding area of the airport.
Yet the agent did not cease his vigorous invasion of her ass, his cock continuing to plunge into her, burying itself all the way deep within her ass before the long, exquisitely glorious slide out, her body impaled over and over, each stroke causing her to cum over and over, her anus repeatedly and unceasingly speared.
Diamond's entire body was covered in sweat, her skin glistening all over, panting profusely, feeling as if she had run several miles. Finally the large black man slammed into her one final time, clenching her tits fiercely in his hands. She felt his cock expand and contract within the tight ring of her anal sphincter with each pulse as he came within her, his balls pumping spurt after spurt of black cum into her ass as her body quivered uncontrollably from her own multiple releases, the agent's cock seemingly to have an inexhaustible supply as it continued to pump into her.
Completely and thoroughly satisfied, Diamond still groaned when the supervisor eventually slowly unsheathed his cock—inch by agonizing inch—from her ass. As the head of his cock literally popped out of her hole, she blushed in embarrassment as a loud, squishy fart followed, although neither man seemed to care.
Utterly spent, she did not even have time to recover when she heard the deputy officer order her to turn around.
Pivoting around without question, she saw both men standing before her with their pants still off, their cocks hanging before them, glistening in the fluorescent lighting. Diamond stared in awe at the large black tube of flesh hanging before the large agent, amazed such a monstrosity had been completely inside her body.
With a large grin he suddenly said, "We still need to make sure you have no contraband in your mouth, so kindly lower yourself and open wide."
Diamond did not even hesitate as she lowered herself to her haunches, opening her mouth. Once more she flushed with embarrassment as another cum fart exited loudly from her ass, while at the same time she felt her slit suddenly heat up as a large dollop of cum squeezed from her pussy.
However, these vulgar results of her debauchery were barely noticed as the large agent's long black cock slid across her lower lip into her mouth.
Letting out a deep moan, Diamond closed her mouth over the large member, her tongue immediately tasting the bitter mixture of cum mixed with a chemical taste from the lubricant, but she was too engrossed in sucking the large appendage to notice.
Looking up as she felt hands on the back of her head, Diamond saw the satisfied face of the dark man. Meeting her gaze, he pulled her head closer, slowly feeding his cock into her mouth. Diamond was too caught up in pleasuring the man to care as the large bulbous head hit the back of her mouth. With practiced ease she loosened her throat, tilting her head forward and taking the long cock further down her throat, not stopping until the entire shaft was in her, her nose pressed against the agent's pubic hairs.
Her mouth too stuffed with cock to smile, she nonetheless was amused when she heard the supervisor exclaim, "Fuck, she's taking the entire thing. I would love to face-fuck this bitch."
She sat there with the large dark dick in her throat for a few more moments before she pulled back, needing to breath. The large cock unsheathed from her throat, the agent groaning as she rethought about the sensation of his cock pulling from her ass only moments before.
As the black shaft withdrew from her mouth a long strand of saliva stretched between them, before snapping back into her mouth.
Then the other agent stepped in front of her.
Diamond easily took his deflated cock into her mouth, again tasting the chemical aftertaste of the lubricant, this time mixed with the familiar tangy sweet taste of her own pussy and the white agent's cum.
Once the white agent's cock was sufficiently cleaned, she pulled back, unsteadily standing back up as the two agents smiled at her.
Looking down, Diamond saw two small pools of cloudy cum on the floor, obviously leaked from her pussy and ass.
Looking back up she smiled at the agents, all of them sexually satisfied as she asked, "Am I able to proceed to my gate now officers?" her voice husky from her repeated moans and groans.
While the white agent put his pants back on, the dark supervisor—not shy about displaying his lengthy manhood—talked into his walkie-talkie.
"That's a 10-4 365," he said after a garbled message came back to him. Looking at Diamond, his eyes still appreciative of her disheveled and practically naked appearance, he answered her question, saying "You're free to go, but your flight is about to take off. I've instructed the ground crew to wait for you, but you have maybe five minutes to get there," he grinned, "So you better get that pretty drilled ass in gear."
Diamond's heart jumped into her throat as she yelled out, "What?" in surprise and anxiety.
Looking around exasperatedly, she saw her thong lying where she had kicked it and ran over to pick it up, returning to the table where she began unzipping her make-up bag, thankful for her carry-on containing all the essentials, including a package of Wet-Wipes to clean her ass and pussy of its leakage.
Seeing her actions, the deputy officer said, "Uh, ma'am. You really don't have time to dig through your belongings."
Jen looked at him panicking as she said, "But I have to clean up!"
Turning around at the laugher of the supervisory agent, once again startled at the contrast of his white teeth and dark complexion, he told her, "You definitely don't have time for that," he chuckled. "I estimate you barely have time to put that slinky black butt-floss back between your cheeks and run to the gate before your plane leaves you stranded here!" he grinned.
Jen was completely dismayed, feeling the deputy agent's cum leaking from her pussy, as well as a lingering urge to defecate from the black agent's sodomy, the slimy feel of his cum between her legs and ass.
Not to mention the odor of sex and cum emanating from her like a perverted air freshener—and she did not have time to clean up!
In complete panic-mode, Jen hastily stepped into her thong, the thin satiny material immediately becoming saturated as it wicked cum, lubricant, and miscellaneous other fluids into the material, the small strip of material in no way stopping the excess fluid continuing to coat her inner thighs. Hastily throwing all caution to the wind, Jen exited the screening area, running down the terminal towards her gate, thankful for the rubber soles of her high-heeled sneakers.
In her rush she completely ignored the looks and catcalls of people in the airport, many men appreciative not only for the view of her body, but her breasts bobbing wildly as she ran.
Reaching the gate, she again panicked seeing nobody there until a desk attendant stepped out of the gate doors, her eyes opening wide at the sight of Jen's attire, before taking her ticket and closing the gate door behind her.
Stepping into the plane she was met by a chorus of applause and comments—both for her finally arriving, as well as her revealing outfit. In abject embarrassment—more from her disheveled 'after-sex' appearance than being almost undressed—she made her way towards the back of the plane, seeing Mary and Denise sitting, her seat in between the two girls.
"Sorry!" she said, as much to the other people in the plane as to her friends as she quickly squeezed between the two girls and flopped into her seat.
Stuffing her make-up bag under her seat to be ready to go to the restroom when she was able, it took her a few moments to realize she was being stared at—not only by those around her, but her two friends, the pair both wide-eyed as they looked at her.
"What?" she asked, feigning ignorance—for her appearance, for her clothes, for her tardiness—for everything that had happened this morning.
As the flight attendant began reviewing the safety procedures, Mary looked at her finally saying, "What the fuck are you wearing? And what took you so long?" she asked, both questions practically leaving her mouth at the same time.
She again apologized as Denise looked at her wide-eyed, saying, "I can't believe you wore an outfit like that in public!" she exclaimed. "I'm surprised you didn't get arrested for public indecency," she said.
Jen told them the circumstances around how her outfit had been chosen, not by her choice, both girls laughing at her stupidity and current predicament.
Then Jen's heart practically stopped when Denise suddenly wrinkled her nose.
At almost the same time Mary's eyes became as wide as saucers as she hissed at her, "Oh my God, you just got laid!"
Jen felt her face flush in embarrassment as several passengers turned their head's turned towards them, while the plane began moving back from the gate to the runway. Seeing both girls' looks, Jen again looked at them apologetically.
"Who was it?" Mary asked, even as Denise asked, "Was it Dan?"
Once more Jen felt her body flush in embarrassment saying, "Can we just drop it?" knowing her two friends would never let such a matter drop. As they continued to stare at her in disbelief, she finally said, "It was nobody you know," attempting to shrug off her friends' looks hoping they would change the subject.
Her main priority was waiting for the 'Seatbelt Required' sign to turn off, needing to go to the restroom and clean up. She was still feeling her body leaking from the two TSA Officers' use of her, her mind fantasizing about them having left almost a quart of cum between them.
While the plane continued to take off, the girls were incessant with their questioning and Jen finally had to give in as the plane climbed into the sky, telling them, "Let's just say my security screening got more physical than planned, alright?" she told them, her face again deploring them to let the matter drop.
But these were not some casual strangers who were polite and did not want to embarrass her, these were her closest friends, whose primary goal seemed to be just the opposite.
Sudden comprehension came to Mary's expression as she said, "Oh my God! You fucked a security guard!"
Although thankful her friend kept her voice low, she still reddened in embarrassment at the divulging of her promiscuity as she looked pointedly at Mary.
Her friend's eyes again opened wide in understanding, the two friends having known each other far too long as she said none-too-quietly, "Oh shit...two?" she asked, looking pointedly at Jen, who reluctantly nodded her head.
"Two what?" Denise asked, too distracted by Jen's attire to pay attention to the main topic.
"Security guards," Mary said, leaning over Jen to whisper loudly to Denise. "Our girl here fucked two security guards," she grinned.
"TSA officers," Jen corrected too quickly, receiving admonished looks from both girls, Denise wide-eyed in surprise.
"Holy shit, you were serious about breaking up with Dan?" Denise said in obvious surprise to Mary and Jen's revelation.
Jen and Mary gave each other a knowing look, Denise echoing the story they had decided would be best to tell her, her inability to maintain a secret legendary. In this case what was going on in her life was literally a life and death scenario, and she was thankful Denise focused upon her and Dan no longer being together and her 'sowing her oats' with other men than everything else going on with her life.
While the plane gained altitude both girls insisted on details of her doing the 'nasty' with two TSA agents, which Jen was able to avoid long enough until the loud 'Bing' of the seatbelt sign turning off echoed through the cabin. Before either of the girls could question her further she stood up, grabbed her make-up bag, and squeezed past Mary. The desire to get into the bathroom and clean up an urgency she could no longer ignore, once again thankful for the package of Wet-Wipes and such in her bag.
She was suddenly startled when Mary grabbed her arm, telling her, "Uh...you might want to bring back a few paper towels too," she told her friend, looking pointedly at Jen's seat.
Following her friends' gaze, Jen was mortified to see a conspicuously large wet spot on her seat cushion—the tangible evidence of her various orifices leaking the agent's deposits.
Nodding her head in horrified understanding, she quickly made her way to the bathroom, fully aware of every passenger's eyes upon her barely clad body—some in disgust, but most in admiration.
Finally in the small bathroom, Jen thoroughly cleaned up herself up, taking a much needed sponge bath. For yet another time she was thankful for her stripper bag, containing a well-stocked supply of Wet Wipes, deodorant, and other necessities, as well as not one, but two extra black thongs.
Making a mental note to once again create a list of essentials to e-mail to all the other girls she was in charge of for DSA, she threw her fluid-saturated thong into the trash with disgust, quickly stepping into a fresh thong before exiting the small room and heading back to her seat.
Sitting back in the damp seat of the plane, Jen was thankful for an otherwise uneventful flight. To her relief, the girls did not bug her any more about what happened—although Mary made it known to Jen she would demand full disclosure once they were alone. At Jen's silent nod, her friend let the matter drop, all of them eventually dozing off—none of the girls used to waking up so early—none of them waking up until the plane touched down in Los Angeles.
********************
When Jen woke up she found her and the girls covered by a thin airline blanket. She vaguely recalled waking up halfway into the flight with the flight attendant placing it over them, explaining although she respected Jen's freedom to wear whatever she wanted, it was causing disturbances amongst the other passengers since they had taken off, as practically every male passenger had 'gone to the bathroom' in the rear of the plane—even first class passengers—in order to get a look at the three girls.
Although Mary and Denise were dressed conservatively—almost puritanical compared to Jen's outfit—they were still beautiful women, and if Jen were not next to them wearing nothing more than a cropped hoodie and thong, there still would have been a line of guys wanting to look at them. Mary had worn a simple buttoned tanked blouse, tight denim shorts, and red-colored wedges; however, her shorts showed off most of the dancer's sexy legs, and although the top made a valiant attempt at covering its wearer's ample chest, it was losing the battle and Mary's cleavage and most of her left breast were in view of anybody standing over her. Denise had gone for a 'cuter' look, wearing a simple shorts coverall romper and a cropped t-shirt, but as with Mary, plenty of her body was on display, her legs not only bare but a good portion of her waist as well.
Of course, for women who stripped and showed off their bodies for a living, these were conservative outfits, but with all three girls being together, Jen could understand the flight attendant's concerns.
As the plane reached the gate and everybody stood up in the tight space of the plane aisle, Jen reached up to the baggage compartment to get her make-up bag, which she had put in the bin after returning from the restroom.
"Here, let me help you," said a male voice behind her, coming from a tall Arabic man.
Before she knew it, the man was reaching over her shoulder to grab her make-up bag for her. Jen was about to thank the man when she suddenly felt a firm grip upon her right ass-cheek.
Turning her head, she saw a huge grin upon the Middle-Eastern man's face, the man getting a good feel of her bare ass through the crocheted cut-out dress.
She immediately thought how less than two weeks ago she would have yelled at the man, maybe even slapped him in the face for taking such liberties, but now she was ashamed to admit she had been conditioned otherwise. Now, she was a DSA spokesmodel, and as the words 'What would a DSA spokesmodel do?" echoed through her head, Jen simply smiled back at the man, thanking him for his assistance.
The man gave one more playful squeeze of her ass as he handed the make-up bag to her before turning around and helping his traveling companion—an Arabic woman covered from head to toe in a chador-like cloak.
As they deplaned, Jen felt at least three men 'accidentally' bump her ass, fully aware they were not accidents and instead, quick feels of their ass—although none of them were as bold as the Islamic guy who had helped her with her luggage.
Once they exited the main doors of the gate, Jen saw a large group of passengers waiting nearby. At first she thought it was passengers awaiting the return flight, but then recognized many of them being from her plane.
The crowd was composed of mostly men, although a few women were amongst them, and as soon as she and the girls exited, she realized they were waiting with cell phones, immediately taking pictures of her and the girls as they exited!
"So how's it feel to be famous?" whispered Mary with a grin, who had also noticed the large group taking pictures of them, although Jen was the obvious main focus.
Jen rolled her eyes as her friend laughed, although they both noted Denise was completely oblivious of the attention the three beautiful women were receiving.
Jen thought about how a few weeks ago she would have been blushing in humiliation and embarrassment for being the center of such attention, particularly dressed. And now her body still flushed, the warmth spreading across her body, but for an entirely different reason. Now she felt exhilarated at the thought of being on display, the titillating feel up until recently she only felt when working at the club, now in a more public location, the arousing sensation practically overwhelming her.
She was ashamed to admit she enjoyed the attention, not wanting to leave the gate area. Without hesitation she told the girls to stop, giving a lame excuse of needing to get something out of her bag, but inwardly wanting to prolong the wicked feeling.
With a deliberate look and smile to the throng of people taking pictures of her, Jen set her bag on one of the seats and turning away, bent over at the waist as if getting something out of the bag. What she was actually doing was giving the crowd a perfect view of her barely covered ass—as well as the undersides of her breasts, which were hanging forward in the dress without restraint.
Jen continued to dig into her make-up bag for a few more moments before finally straightening up to put on a layer of lip gloss, giving the crowd a pointed look as she applied the gloss to her opened mouth. Finishing with a wink in their direction, she took her time putting it away before joining the girls waiting for her—well aware of the throng of people following them.
"If I didn't know you better, I would say you enjoyed that!" Mary teased her. Then, looking closer at Jen her eyes grew wide as she gasped, "Oh my God! You DID enjoy it!" she said in surprise.
"Well, I AM the DSA spokesmodel," Jen said in way of explanation, although she felt a pang of disgrace deep in her stomach at her friend's look.
The flock of people following them did not let up even as they entered the tram to take them to the arrival gates.
As the exited the tram and then the security doors leading to the public part of the airport, Jen wondered if word of her arrival had spread as they were met by an even larger crowd.
Suddenly the three were blinded by the sudden eruption of flashes, Jen immediately knowing the porn-arazzi were making their appearance known.
She remembered her first assault by the mass of reporters, almost laughing at the frozen stares from Denise and Mary, looking in confusion at the mass of reporters who surged and surrounded them within seconds of leaving the secure area.
Feeling protective of her friends, she wrapped her arm around Denise and pulled her closer, even as she felt Mary's hand grasp her other hand while the three girls were barraged with questions.


Diamond, are you pleased with the sudden success of your first movie?
Diamond, how many photos have your first two photo sessions sold?
Diamond, are those tits real?

The questions came so fast she could barely make one out from another. Finally she raised her hands for silence like she had seen Mr. DeWight do the week before, startled when the crowd immediately got quieter, even as the number of flashes increased—as the material of her dress rose, exposing more of the under halves of her breasts.
"Gentlemen! Gentlemen!" she said further quieting them. "I will be happy to answer one question each as long as time permits, but you're going to have to quiet down," she told them. "Now, before anybody asks, this is Crystal and Kitten, two dancers from my home club The Satin Kitty. They are here to help out with a few aspects managing other dancers at the various other clubs as well as joining me in a DSA-sponsored event this week," she said, knowing she had to explain the girls' presence first and foremost.
As the group of reporters quieted down, Jen noticed they were also surrounded by a large group of passengers from the airport. For a brief moment she wondered at the sudden interest in her, then realized the passengers simply saw a group of reporters surrounding somebody and wanting their own glimpse of whatever superstar had arrived. She wondered what their reaction would be finding out it was a porn-star instead of some other celebrity drawing attention.
Turning her attention back to the reporters, she pointed to one, vaguely recognizing him from the previous week as she said, "You."
Although Mr. DeWight had known some of the reporters' names, it would be a long time before she had the same familiarity—a disparaging thought as she realized her role as a DSA spokesmodel and FBI informant could last for years.
What would become of her, she wondered, would she end up being a consummate slut, baring herself to anybody without any qualms?
"Diamond," the selected reporter said, her attention once more brought back to the present. "Are either or both of these girls lovers, and are they going to co-star in any of your movies?" he asked.
Jen looked at him and smiled, saying, "That was two questions, and since I already answered the second, I will further clarify," she told him. Then looking out at the rest of the gathered journalists she said, "And as I said earlier, only ONE question. If you ask me more than one, I get to choose which one, even if it's a repeat," she said with a smile.
Turning back to the reporter who had asked the question she said, "These are my friends, plain and simple and are also dancers at the club, nothing more. Whether they decide to pursue further endeavors within DSA is entirely up to them; however, I am not aware of any plans for either of them to star in any movies," she told them.
Another flurry of questions followed, but Jen ignored, them. Pointing to another reporter she was momentarily taken aback when he asked, "What if Mr. DeWight wants them in a movie? Do you have any say in the matter if they refuse?"
A big part of her wanted to answer the question truthfully and honestly, to shout out to the world what a manipulative, lying, and corrupt man Mr. DeWight was; however, she recalled Agent Vogel's comments how his superiors did not believe she was willing to go as far as it took to fulfill her role. Since the moment she signed her contract her body was no longer her own—a fact which had taken these past weeks to come to grips with and reluctantly accept—but her own conscience was also on the line, her very own moral fiber being tested. Could she lie through her teeth like that?
Her thoughts took only seconds, but the overwhelming phrase echoing in her head was 'What would a DSA spokesmodel do?'
Taking a deep breath, knowing the reporters would be more focused upon her breasts than her stalling she finally answered, saying, "Mr. DeWight does not force women to do whatever he wants," she said, the lie almost causing bile to raise in her throat. "Whether the girls wish to follow any particular career within DSA is entirely up to them. As a true friend, I would respect their decision. The adult entertainment industry is not something to be ashamed of," she stated, seeing those within group writing down her comments scratching furiously, while others were recording her comments. "It is only society which has created a stigma of ignominy on something adults fully consent towards. I am not ashamed of my profession and in fact enjoy it, so all I ask is for everybody to please refrain from attempting to tarnish what is a legal and honest employment," she told them.
Once again the outright lies almost made her physically sick, noticing the looks she received from both of the girls, who knew at least part of her story being bullshit, but she was thankful they kept their silence as she pointed to another reporter for his question.
"Are your tits real or fake?" he asked.
Denise and Mary were obviously taken aback by the blunt question, but Jen looked at the man in exasperation. This was a question asked repeatedly to her, even before she had fallen into Mr. DeWight's control, and one of her own pet peeves.
She saw Mary roll her own eyes—her best friend knowing the question struck a 'nerve' within her, as she too was asked the same question. In Mary's case it obvious her well-endowed chest was enhanced by silicone—nothing defied gravity like her pair of falsies.
"Didn't we answer that question last week?" she asked to the general crowd as they chuckled.
"Yeah, but that was only one person's opinion," somebody commented behind the reporter who asked the question.
Jen looked at the group and almost surprised herself as she asked, "So how many opinions will it take?" she asked, looking at the reporter who originally asked the question.
"Excuse me?" he said in confusion.
"I said, how many men's opinions will it take for you to believe these are natural?" she asked, blatantly looking down at her own chest.
Somebody in the crowd abruptly shouted, "Five!" and she saw the crowd of reporters nodding in agreement.
"Fine," Jen said, completely exasperated. "You. You, you. You. And you," she said, pointing first to the reporter who asked the question, then three other reporters, and finally at a man on the periphery who was no stranger to her.
Jen had noted him entering only a few minutes ago, immediately recognizing her chauffeur, Larry.
Everybody looked around at the five men Jen selected as she said, "Come on guys, we don't have all day. Get up here and tell everybody whether these are real or not!" she said.
The reporter who originally asked the question needed no further coaxing as he grinned and stepped up to her, immediately reaching out and grasping both of her breasts in a tight squeeze.
Jen sucked in a gasp of air at the sudden grope of her chest as the report's hands manipulated her breasts.
"Wow," he continuing to crush her yielding flesh between his palms, "these are amazing!" Then looking over his shoulder, his hands still clutching her mammary tissue he told the men behind him, "They are definitely real!" he stated before letting while the crowd around them clapped, many of them slapping him on the back in congratulations as he moved back into the group.
The next two reporters both stepped up and immediately took the first one's place, simultaneously grabbing one of her breasts between them and painfully squeezing and manipulating her tits for a few moments before both agreed with the original reporter's assessment on her chest's authenticity, finally moving back into the throng of journalists.
The fourth man—obviously not a reporter and simply some passenger—stepped in front of her as soon as the other two men stepped away, and looked questioningly at Jen.
Nodding her approval and giving him an enticing smile, Jen watched as he tentatively reached out. Unlike the reporters, his touch was considerate and gentle, and Jen gasped again, only this time as his cool fingers cupped each breast, one in each hand, as if holding ripe melons and afraid to bruise the juicy fruit within.
It was not until his fingers slowly glided upwards to fully encase each tit that Jen realized his fingers had woven into the cut-outs of her dress, raising the jersey like material over her mounds and into plain sight as each palm wrapped around her bare flesh, gently stroking and massaging her aching breasts.
Jen was vaguely aware of the increased number of flashes repeatedly going off, the reporters also seeing the material of her dress raised, her breasts fully on display; however, most of her attention was on the sensual feel of the man's skin gliding across her chest, her hardened nipples rasping against the rough flesh of his palm. She almost closed her eyes at the luxurious feel, suddenly gasping as the stranger's fingers clamped down upon her sensitive buds.
Even though the first three reporters had practically mauled her chest, the very act of them feeling her breasts had caused arousal to awaken within her, her nipples becoming hard. Now, with the subtle and gentle strokes of the fourth man, her hardened buds felt as if they were electrically charged as the man's fingers clamped down upon them.
Involuntarily Jen moaned as the man gave the hard pebbles of flesh another squeeze before finally stepping back, leaving her dress hiked up and exposing her breasts in full view of the gathered crowd.
Once again she was aware of the barrage of flashes in front of her, blinded momentarily as everybody took pictures of her exposed breasts.
Then a shadow blocked the bright lights and she looked up into the heated gaze of her chauffeur, Larry.
Jen was not certain what had possessed her to select him to feel her up, but it was clearly evident the man was not only happy being selected, but completely willing as, without any hesitation, he reached up and began caressing her breasts, his palms stroking her heated flesh in slow circular motions before finally sinking his fingers into the succulent exposed flesh.
Whereas the first three men's touch had been rough and painful, and the fourth man's soft and tentative, Larry's manipulation of her chest was just right, a mixture of both extremes and without even being aware of her actions, Jen leaned forward, further sinking her yielding flesh into the limousine driver's grip.
In the back of her mind Jen wondered if she had gone too far, her body's desire flooding her completely. She realized too late she had practically forgotten her use by the TSA agents in Portland, her previous desire not only reawakening, but increased to the point where it did not matter if they were standing in a public airport surrounded by people—who also included her own friends—all she wanted was a release to the erotic sensual feelings coursing through her body. All she desired was the ability to ride a flood of orgasms like she had with the TSA agents, like she had with Brutus, as well as with herself in front of all her co-workers.
She looked up at Larry with hooded eyes, ready to tell him to fuck her right then and there on the tip of her tongue when a commotion within the crowd caught their attention.
Looking past Larry's shoulder Diamond saw a group of TSA officers weaving into the crowd.
Then to her admonishment, she felt the loss of sensation as Larry moved aside. She quickly pulled down her dress right before the first TSA officer stepped up to her.
"Is there a problem here Miss?" the officer asked, looking around at the rest of the crowd who was still standing around.
The man had a similar uniform like Supervisory Officer Collins had worn, so taking a chance, she answered, "Uh, no Supervisory Officer...uh," she said, glancing at the man's name plate as she added, "Briggs," Jen added, her breath finally slowing down to a point where she could talk. "I was merely answering a few questions from reporters," she said, nodding towards the obvious group of men with cameras and notepads.
The agent seemed surprised at her addressing him by his title, his previous glower disappearing as he finally said, "Well, I'm going to have to ask you all to disperse. This group is beginning to block the flow of traffic within the airport and we need to ask everybody to please move on," he told her.
Jen was aware of the now heated look from the TSA agent as he took in her attire, and was impressed he kept his cool, talking to her as if she was not half-naked, her face flushed, her nipples practically poking through her barely-there black dress.
Looking back at the rest of the reporters, she said, "Sorry guys, maybe next time!" as her and the girls turned away—to the rising groans of the men.
"The car is this way ma'am," Larry said, to the obvious surprise of Mary and Denise as they stood dumbly while Larry took their bags expertly and turned towards the airport exit. "This way ladies," he said, indicating for them to follow.
"Wait, you KNOW him?" Denise said, obviously shocked not only at Jen's openly debauched 'press conference' but that she had allowed somebody she knew to feel her up.
"Girls, this is Larry, my chauffer while at DSA," she said, introducing the girls to the man.
Jen saw him look both girls up and down, sizing them up like pieces of meat at a market before turning to looked back at her. His gaze immediately intensified as he greeted the girls, his eyes remaining upon Jen until he finally turned around to lead them to the limousine.
She felt a selfish feeling of pride knowing his look at the three of them had selected her as the obvious choice of his gaze, immediately feeling an additional pang of regret at what her life had now come to.
The girls were ignorant of her thoughts or Larry's looks, both to busy ogling at the impressive white limousine waiting for them, climbing into the door after Larry opened it for them, the two giggling like school girls going to prom.
Jen was startled as she climbed into the limousine, feeling the firm grasp of her chauffer's hand upon her ass, but did not make a scene. Instead she turned her head, looking directly into his eyes while his hand rested upon her ass cheek and thanked him with a smile as she climbed into the limo and he closed the door, putting their luggage into the trunk before taking his seat.
As Larry pulled the limo out of the airport parking area, Jen was flooded by questions from the two girls.
"What the fuck was up with that little display at the airport?" Mary asked while Denise's voice said simultaneously, "You didn't tell me you had a chauffeur, I've never been in a limo before!"
Jen looked at Mary and shrugged, telling her friend, "Welcome to the life of a DSA spokesmodel," she smiled. "I have been told to market sex every waking moment I'm in public," she explained. "I've also been told each time I hold any type of press conference—even one as impromptu as that at the airport—I need to sell the company, sell Mr. DeWight, and not simply sell myself, but tease as many people in public as I can," she said with a grimace.
"I can't believe you didn't get arrested showing off your tits like that in the airport!" Denise exclaimed.
Jen would have loved to have told her the truth, that the men were too engrossed in ogling at her body to care, and even if TSA had taken her into custody her FBI connections would have gotten her out without any problems; however, she remained quiet as the girls continued to talk about the limo, looking out the windows and pointing at the scenery like they were raised in the county and this was their first time in the big city.
Jen remained quiet during the entire ride to corporate headquarters, Mary and Denise content to look at the passing scenery as well as chat with Larry, who was happy for the attention.
Sitting and listening to the three chat, she was ashamed to realize she had not really talked with the chauffer, instead keeping him at a distance. Even though she had exposed her body to him every morning, it was more to a stranger than somebody she was friends with.
Immediately thoughts of Brutus fucking her came to mind and she clenched her Kegel muscles, thoughts of the getting to know the chauffer better causing her arousal to become even more pronounced.
Attempting to turn her thoughts away from her body's desire, she listened to the conversation, noticing Denise in particular seeming to have taken a liking to the chauffer, openly flirting with him and even exchanging e-mail addresses and phone numbers.
"He's cute," Denise told both the girls after finally arriving at the DSA corporate building once Larry got out of the car to open their door.
"You better check with his boss to make sure it's alright to date the help," Mary said, "Or that she isn't fucking him on the side too," she added with a glare.
Jen realized her girlfriend was pissed, more than likely at Jen's actions in the airport, acting like a wanton slut. Although she had told Mary everything going on and what she had to do, it would take some time for Jen's version of Hell to sink into her friend's mind. Hearing you had to play out a role not normal to your regular life was one thing, actually seeing her act that way was an entirely different matter she realized.
Denise, as usual, completely missed the hidden exchange between the two girls asking innocently, "Is he available?"
Jen simply nodded to the young woman as she exited the limousine followed by the two girls.
Apparently word of her arrival had spread to the corporate headquarters. Either that or an emergency fire drill had occurred, as Jen was met by a crowd of people around the courtyard fountain who gave a round of applause as soon as she stepped out of the limo, along with several cheers.
Looking at Larry, the chauffer nodded towards the crowd, saying, "I called ahead and let Mr. DeWight know we were arriving," he said. "So most of these people are out to welcome you, not for lunch," he told her.
Jen felt humbled, realizing she was a local celebrity to the workers at the company, the walking embodiment of all the company stood for, as if she were some iconic mascot. She thought it a shame they were completely unaware of the degradation subjected to her. But to these people she was not just a porn star, but Diamond the Divine Silk Attractions spokesmodel.
As the girls passed through the crowd, Denise and Mary gawked at the apparent happiness of everybody welcoming them—or more specifically Diamond—to the headquarters.
Jen still felt completely revealed and exposed in her indecent dress, but here at the corporate headquarters such an outfit was not deemed inappropriate, recalling some of the outfits she had worn the week before. Here her attire was actually complimented on.
"Do you know all these people?" Denise asked naively as Jen said hello to several people they passed.
"Not a one of them," she said still keeping her smile as they made their way into the foyer.
Although Jen was accustomed to the large banners advertising Diamond and DSA, seeing her friend's expressions as they entered the foyer, she realized this was the first time for the girls. She fidgeted in embarrassment as they gawked at the flamboyant thirty-foot displays of her body around the large three-storied glassed area.
At that moment she understood she should have warned them what the corporate headquarters was like and what to expect as she had the same reaction herself the previous week; however, it was too late now so Jen simply shrugged off the presence of the banners, telling the girls they were Mr. DeWight's idea and led them past the security desk and into the next available elevator.
Thankfully there was nobody waiting at the elevators, so they were alone in the elevator car. She was not sure what she would have done if there had been a group of men openly feeling her up in front of the girls or whether the girls would allow themselves to be groped, and she decided she needed to talk to them when they got to her office as she pushed the button to the executive floor.
Denise continued to talk nonstop about the large building, the banners, and the welcoming group they had met the entire time, and although Jen answered her questions, having many of the same thoughts the week before, she remained mostly quiet thinking about what to tell them, mostly lost in thought and actually glad when they reached the main floor of executive offices.
Elsie was at her desk as they exited the elevators and before Jen could say anything the older woman spoke, "Ah, welcome back Diamond, Mr. DeWight heard you had arrived—he would like to see you later this afternoon if it is not too much trouble," she said to Jen's nod, and then the older attractive woman turned to Mary and Denise, "And welcome Kitten and Crystal to the corporate headquarters," she said with a warm smile, giving each a hug.
At first Jen wondered how the woman knew each of the girls, and then remembered the woman had provided badges for each of the girls at the club, which had their pictures upon them. As the Administrative Assistant to Mr. DeWight, the woman undoubtedly had access to most employee records, her once again thinking how beneficial it would be to the FBI to have the woman on their side instead of Mr. DeWight's.
"So is it everything you thought it would be?" Elsie was saying as she stated some of the building's facts such as how it was the one of the most expensive buildings in the city—not only in building but also interior decorating costs. "Wait until you see Diamond and Mr. DeWight's offices. Although they are both extremely different, I think you'll agree they push decadent to a whole new level," she laughed. "Anyways, I've kept you long enough, Diamond, Velvet is aware of your arrival and I'm sure will want to cover your agenda for the next few weeks, so I will leave you girls alone," she said.
Although her demeanor and tone was extremely pleasant, Jen had the feeling they were summarily dismissed as she turned and lead the two gawking girls down the opulent executive hallway.
"Who's offices are these?" Denise asked, as Jen told the girls they belonged to people she had never met, other corporate big-wigs in charge of the various aspects of the company.
"Elsie told me even the club managers have their own offices, although not on this floor," Jen told them as they came to the double glass doors with their frosted stripper images. "And their offices are not as nice," she grinned seeing the faces of the two girls as they stare at the double-doors, particularly the gilded name plate above them.
"What the fuck are Ec...dys...i...astic Services?" Mary said, slowly pronouncing the word.
Jen laughed as she said, "Apparently it's a fancy name for stripper," she grinned, opening up one of the double doors for the girls to walk through.
Even though she knew what to expect, she was still impressed by the black and white waiting area, grinning at her two friend's faces as they stared literally with their mouths hanging open at the extravagant area.
"This is just the waiting area for my assistant," she said to them in a teasing tone, "wait until you see MY office," she grinned.
It was at that moment the beautiful brunette behind the large oval desk noticed them, Velvet quickly getting to her feet.
"Diamond! I'm so glad you're back!" the woman said, doing a fast-paced shuffle-like run across the floor to Jen.
Immediately Jen was startled as the woman's body melded with her own, her eyes opening wide as Velvet's lips suddenly pressed against her own as the beautiful assistant kissed her softly in welcome.
And even more startling was her own reaction as she returned the kiss, her body heating up deep within her stomach as her previous arousal—the fires merely banked and not extinguished—flared up once more.
Breaking the kiss with a smile, Velvet said, "I missed you so much! This office is pretty dull when you're not around," she laughed before turning to the other two girls. "And you must be Crystal and Kitten—although I'm not sure who is who, but welcome!" she said, giving both girls a warm kiss, her steps somewhat stumbling as she moved between them.
Looking down, Jen was surprised to see her assistant wearing a pair of ballerina-type high-heeled leather shoes! The shoes would have been normal strapped heels if not for the seven-inched heel causing her feet to stretch out until she was walking on the tips of her toes.
"What the hell are you wearing?" she asked, so surprised at her assistant's footwear she completely forgot the intimate kiss she had received from her.
"You like?" Velvet asked. "Most of the girls at the LA club—The Garden of Eden—are wearing them now. Apparently our manager there—Mr. Candelaria—is a big S&M fan, so all the girls have been dressing up in fetish outfits. I came up with the dumb-assed idea to do a set in these fuckers and am trying to break them in—but even walking in them is a bitch, I don't know if I'll be able to dance in them yet," she laughed.
Then Jen looked at her assistant's dress, a simple one-piece mini-dress with a ruffled hemline giving the appearance of a ballerina's tutu—obviously selected for the shoes. The dress was made of a shiny black stretch material that gave a 'wet-look' to the dress, and Jen again admired the young woman's body, highlighted by the skin-tight dress.
Jen introduced Velvet to her friends, purposely ignoring Mary's intense look. Velvet's kiss had startled her, but she could not deny the thrill she had gotten with the intimate embrace. Jen's thoughts drifted to the week before from her last photo-shoot. At the last minute the model Jen had been supposed to work with had canceled and Velvet had stood in, the two dressing up in Egyptian-type clothes in a museum. As the photo-shoot progressed, Jen and Velvet had become more and more intimate, until they reached a point where they had made love in front of the camera.
Jen had never considered herself bisexual, although like most girls she had experimented with a friend as a teenager; however, she could not deny the pleasurable feelings she had with her assistant.
Once again seeing Mary's look, Jen's perverted mind wondered what her friend would be like in bed, immediately wiping the image from her mind.
What the hell was she thinking? Had Mr. DeWight's perversions rubbed off on her?
Mentally she vowed to take a long shower when they reached the hotel as Velvet and the other two girls chatted about their flight, Denise mentioning Jen's tardiness.
"Apparently she had to reward some TSA agents with a quick airport booty call," her younger friend teased.
Velvet looked at Jen with wide-eyes as she shook her head, but otherwise not saying a word.
Finally her assistant said, "I know you want some time to settle in and show off your office, so I'll let you have the rest of the morning to yourself. I didn't know what you wanted to do for lunch—whether you wanted to go out, hit the cafeteria, or order in, but let me know and I'll make arrangements. Also Mr. DeWight wanted to meet with you this afternoon, and I wanted to go over your itinerary not only for the rest of this week, but also for your tour now that things are more finalized," she told Jen in a rush, adding, "Oh, and I almost forgot, Melissa sent us the proofs for your last photo shoot!" she said anxiously.
Jen felt herself flush, knowing the pictures were of her and Velvet, so obviously her assistant wanted to review them with her—she had already watched Jen in her last photo shoots and in this one, she had a much more active role!
Mary and Denise looked between the two, their faces showing their surprise at Jen being treated like an actual human being and corporate executive, Jen answered, "If it's all the same to everybody else, I'd prefer to eat in—I don't want to parade around in a thong any more than I have to at this point," she said with a grimace. "In fact, I may change before my appointment with Mr. DeWight. I don't want to give him any more ideas than I have to," she told the girls. "And I expect you to join us for lunch Velvet, so we can go over the scheduling stuff then," she said. Smiling she told her assistant, "just get us something good and expensive and charge it as a business lunch," she grinned with the young brunette.
She then turned and led Mary and Denise into her office, purposely watching the girls as their faces lit up in surprise and amazement at the opulent-to-practically-gaudy office.
"Oh my God!" both girls exclaimed together.
"This shit is really yours?" Mary asked as her and Denise gawked at the office, their necks turning this way and that as if they could not decide what to look at first.
"Not bad for the Vice-President of Ecdysiastic Services, eh?" Jen asked as she flopped into her seat behind the desk, propping her feet up.
She watched as the girls walked around the humongous office, touching the pair of stripper statues, examining the bar, then moving into the back, laughing as she heard Denise's voice exclaim, "Holy fuck, she has a bedroom here!"
Shaking her head at the young girl's question on whether she slept here as they came out, she added, "And you should check out the closet. I haven't showed you gals any of the clothes Mr. DeWight has provided, but even the ones here are an impressive collection," she said, knowing the girls would take a good part of the time going through them as they ran back into the room, their exclamations and cries of jealousy once again making her grin.
Jen went through her e-mail—surprisingly after only the weekend and two weekdays she had over 400 e-mails! Once again the majority of e-mails were from other strippers at other clubs complaining about this, that, and the other, as well as some honest inquiries.
So while Jen read e-mails and made notes for her visits to the clubs and responding to more immediate requests, the girls played fashion show from her wardrobe in the office closet. Just like her, they loved new clothes, and the very fact these were her very own clothes made them green with envy. So the girls went through her closet, trying on and modeling each and every skimpy clothes for her, which she was extremely grateful for, as she had not gone through the clothes in her office.
"Oh my God, I can't believe how revealing some of these clothes are," Mary exclaimed at one point, coming out dressed in a dress that was nothing but strings around her body, the material cut out with only a few choice pieces of cloth covering her more intimate parts.
As Mary was about the same build as Jen, with even bigger breasts, Jen got a good estimation of what she would look like in the 'dress.'
"Does Mr. DeWight really think you'll wear this somewhere?" she asked.
Jen nodded. "He basically told me that I had to wear everything at least once—and not just in a club setting, but in public," she said, nodding again at her friend's surprised look.
Eventually Velvet came in with a cart carrying over a dozen boxes, announcing, "Hope everybody is hungry!"
"What did you do, buy an entire menu?" Denise asked as the girls laughed.
Chucking, Velvet said, "There's this great restaurant that you basically tell them how many people you are feeding, and they put together a 'Do It Yourself Salad Bar,'" she said. "I've always wanted to try them, but with one person it is pretty much just a salad," she laughed, her and Denise setting out the various containers containing salad, eggs, vegetables, cut meats, and several dressings—along with several bowls and plastic ware.
As the girls ate—there being way more food than four girls could consume, Velvet telling them it would feed her the rest of the week as she put the leftovers in Jen's office refrigerator—they chatted with Velvet about how they had met Jen and dancing and their lives in general.
Then Velvet went over her itinerary, starting with the current week.
"Mr. DeWight scheduled your meeting with him at three, so you have time to look at your schedule for the tour as well as review the proofs from Melissa," she said, looking at Jen again.
Once more she felt a flush over her body, both curious and afraid to see the pictures of her and her assistant being intimate in the museum.
"Elsie sent me the figures from your first two photo shoots and just over the weekend alone they have out sold any other photo shoot DSA has done," she told Jen happily. "And surprisingly, although many of the images have appears on illegal sites hosting free pictures, the increase of memberships for your particular fan site has tripled!" she said.
Jen glanced at Mary knowing one of those memberships had actually been her as she idly wondered if John had purchased her photo shoots. The idea of her best friend's boyfriend jacking off to images of her on his computer caused her to heat up in arousal, ashamed that she was imagining her best friend's lover masturbating to her images instead of her friends being such a thrill.
Denise suddenly said, "I haven't seen any pictures, do you still have them?"
Before Jen could say anything Velvet typed quickly on her laptop and the screens in Jen's office immediately came to life, the first of her photo-shoot images—Diamond in her leather chaps with a black thong—came onto the screen.
"Wow!" Denise said, repeating Jen and Velvet's first words at seeing the images. "I don't even recognize it as you," she told Jen, "it looks so professional!"
Like her, Jen was again amazed at the high quality of the photos, and even Mary who had seen the images on her own computer was impressed at the quality on the big screens. Although Jen felt nervous and embarrassed as Velvet went through the entire photo-shoot—including the proofs much to her dismay, as the girls teased her for her eyes closed and such—she felt good about the compliments. These were her friends, and if they did not judge her—particularly the shots of her masturbating with the dildo—then she could care less what anybody else thought.
"Well, since we are here, want to look at our shoot together?" she asked.
Jen once again felt self-conscious, but Mary and Denise were too excited. Mary won the argument by telling they had already seen the other images, so why not view them for the first time with her friends as Jen finally gave in.
The first image left all the girls speechless. Even though Diamond and Velvet had been there, the image was almost a work of art. Jen was lying in the sarcophagus with her eyes clothes dressed in her exotic Egyptian outfit, while Velvet leaned over her in her sexy 'Lara Croft Tomb Raider' outfit, her cleavage blatantly hovering above Diamond's face. And yet, even as beautiful as her assistant was, the girls could not stop complimenting how good Jen looked, literally being an Egyptian goddess of Love.
The next image Jen had her eyes open, looking alluringly at Velvet, and as the pictures progressed, it showed the story of her awakening, seducing the young explorer.
As graphic as the images were—her assistant fucking her blatantly with the gold dildo—all of them were amazed at how tasteful the images were. Mary even commented she had never considered pornography 'art' until that moment.
The one image that stayed in Jen's mind was a close-up of Velvet's crotch from the side, her thigh lowered out of the way and Jen's face hovering millimeters from her slit with her tongue out, a drop of Velvet's arousal hanging upon her clit as Jen's tongue touched it. The picture had been taken at exactly the right moment, the drop still perfectly formed in a teardrop shape, Jen's tongue curving up and touching it tenderly.
"I want that as a desktop image," Mary told her to her embarrassment, which quickly turned to pride as her friend finished saying, "that has got to be the hottest image I have ever seen!"
There was not one image Jen and Velvet threw out, all of them having perfectly captured the moment between them, even the images of Diamond orgasming from Velvet's use of the vibrator were so tasteful and erotic, none of the girls saw any fault.
"Does that make you bisexual?" Denise asked, once again showing her naiveté.
"One photo-shoot doesn't make somebody gay," Mary said at their friend with exasperation. "If you see a movie do you really think somebody is dying?" she asked.
Although Jen appreciated her friend's defense of her sexual preference, she remained quiet. The session with Velvet had been intensely erotic, and she knew she would not be opposed to any other girl-on-girl scenes scheduled by her photographer. The intense closeness she had with her assistant was not something she wanted to lose she realized, wondering what Mary would think of her if she expressed an interest in them getting closer someday.
It was an errant thought, and one she never would have conceived only a few weeks ago, and yet now she wondered. There was no denying seeing the images of her and Velvet had awoken her earlier arousal, Jen feeling the thin strap of her thong clammy and wet from her soaked up desire. Did her thoughts make her a bisexual?
Thankfully such musings were interrupted as Velvet then went over Jen's schedule, the girls watching in fascination as their best friend acted all 'corporate business-like' as Mary put it.
"Your tour was pretty much as we discussed last week; however, there have been a few changes to the schedule," she told Jen. "As we knew before, you will be bouncing around between Portland, here, and whatever city you are performing, but the schedule has now been finalized. Mr. DeWight though it would be good for you to be onsite at each club Thursday night to see how the girls performed before your meeting with them on Friday, so you will be spending Sundays, Mondays, and Tuesday mornings in Portland, flying here on Tuesday evenings, then flying out to whatever club you are dancing at Thursday mornings. That basically gives you Sunday afternoon and all day Monday in Portland; Tuesday afternoons and Wednesdays will be spent here. Since you will be flying out Thursday mornings to whatever city you are touring, we'll have to reschedule your job interviews to Wednesdays—that shouldn't be an issue since we would haven't made the plane reservations for the girls yet anyways," Velvet told her.
Much of what the young girl said went completely over Jen's head, but she knew how diligent the young dancer was and all her times were probably already on her calendar, which synchronized with her phone. The only thing Jen really needed to worry about was arranging a taxi to the airport in Portland—everything else was already scheduled by her assistant.
"Uh, would you be able to arrange the taxi's to come to my house to fly out on Tuesday's?" she asked tentatively, to which Velvet seemed more than happy to oblige, writing down a quick note to herself.
Then Velvet continued stating, "Board meetings will still be at three in the afternoon. You will still be expected to attend them, so you will be having them at whatever club you are touring. That gives you Thursday night to watch the girls perform and you then have meeting scheduled with all the girls Friday, both group and individual sessions," she told her. Jen remembered Mr. DeWight telling her to talk with each girl individually, so was already prepared for that as Velvet finished by saying, "You will then perform in the evenings. Mr. DeWight wants two sets, each at least thirty-minutes long," she said, then quickly added, "but you already knew that. Saturdays you are booked with Melissa for a combined video-photo shoot," she said, "and then fly back home Sunday morning," she concluded.
Jen recalled the 'Production Filming' slots scheduled on her calendar for Saturdays, but neither she nor Velvet had known the specifics. Apparently Velvet had learned more as when the girls asked about those sessions, Velvet answered.
Jen saw Velvet look at her as she said hesitantly, "I only found out this morning from Elsie that each club owner was asked by Mr. DeWight to submit an outline for a photo-shoot or movie starring you," Velvet said. "Apparently all their submissions were approved last week by Mr. DeWight in your staff meeting," Velvet told her, "so your shoots will be based upon their guidance."
Jen remembered the vague statements Mr. DeWight had said to the other club owners during the board meeting last week; unfortunately most of her attention had been focused upon lying naked across her boss' lap, trying to stifle her moans as he finger-fucked her during the meeting in front of everybody on the video conference.
"Uh, what exactly does that mean?" she asked feeling a deep-seated apprehension.
"I think that is what your meeting with Mr. DeWight is about," the attractive brunette said to her guardedly. "He flies out to Europe Sunday and will be gone for at least the first week of your tour," her assistant said. "Although Elsie has told me he will still be holding the weekly board meeting via teleconferencing," she stated, "Which is why you will be flying out Thursday mornings," she said, "to be able to attend the meetings at the club and still have the evenings to watch the girls perform."
Jen nodded, her attention focused more upon thoughts of what would be happening on Saturdays than anything to do with Mr. DeWight's schedule.
"That leaves just this week's schedule," Velvet told her, once again catching her attention. "Today you only have your meeting with Mr. DeWight, she said. "Then you have time to get ready for your party..." her assistant's voice trailed off.
Jen realized her thoughts were still upon what she would be expected to do each Saturday, but then Velvet's words sunk in.
"What?" she asked suddenly. "What party?"
Velvet smiled as she said, "Well, it was supposed to be more of a surprise, but I've been holding it in all week!" she said excitedly. "Mr. DeWight decided you needed a proper Welcome Party so arranged to have a rave in one of the local warehouses," she said excitedly. "It's going to be amazing—everybody from the company is invited," she said looking at Mary and Denise, who both had huge grins on their faces.
"Did you know about this?" she asked, shocked her friends had not said anything, seeing their excited nods.
"I've never been to a real rave before!" Denise said excited as Mary guffawed.
"Hell girl, you've never been in limo, you've never been to a rave, we should just call you Virgin from now on," she laughed along with Jen and Velvet.
"So what exactly will this party entail?" Jen asked tentatively as Velvet bounced excitedly in her chair along with Denise.
"Oh, it will be fabulous! From what I've heard, the company has gone all out on this—even hiring Armin van Buuren for the first hours!" she said excitedly, both Mary and Denise obviously energetic as well. "And you are the main person of honor," Velvet said excitedly. "In fact, all four of our outfits will be here by the time you get back from your meeting," she said as the girls squealed in response.
"Outfits?" Jen asked. "Don't I have enough clothes?"
Velvet laughed, apparently amused at Jen's comment as she said, "This is a RAVE, silly, you have to have the right clothes," she laughed.
Jen was not sure what 'Rave' clothes were. Although she was not as naïve as Denise, she had never been a big fan of the nightclub scene, even though she had recognized Armin van Buuren's name, it was because she had danced to a remix by him in the past.
"Look, I'm not really in the party mood, and I need to rest up for Friday's party," Jen said.
"Oh no, you are NOT backing out of this!" Mary said as Denise agreed to her. "It's bad enough we've had to be dragged all over the western seaboard to be your little sidekicks, but you aren't getting out of this!"
Jen told the girls they could go without her, even offering the limo to take them. Velvet had the deciding factor thought, as she stated, "Whether you want to go or not is irrelevant," she told Jen. "Mr. DeWight expects you to go, and I doubt you will convince him otherwise," she said.
Jen knew her assistant was right, although she hated to admit it. "Fine," she told them as the other three girls squealed in delight.
For the next hour Jen read through more of her e-mails as Velvet, Mary, and Denise—all becoming fast friends—talked about her, her assistant being much more informative on her photo-shoots, the general culture around the corporate headquarters, as well as her own internship working as Jen's assistant during the day and dancing at night.
She listened with half an ear, making a comment here and there, but basically left the girls to their own devices—Denise serving everybody drinks from the wet bar, although Velvet warned them not to drink too much and save it for the party.
Hearing her comment, Jen looked up 'Raves' on YouTube, finding plenty of videos showing large crowds pressed together, girls dressing in skimpy playful outfits, electronic music and DJ's, as well as things such as foam parties, Kandi, and the like.
One thing that did catch her attention was many of the articles mentioning a prevalent use of drugs, particularly Ecstasy, knowing that was the main drug Mr. DeWight distributed. Jen wondered if this was one way he could distribute his product, but then realized this was a company event, not a public one, so the idea of Mr. DeWight drugging his own employees seemed almost ludicrous—until she thought about her past few weeks.
Eventually it was time for her meeting with her boss, and leaving the three girls to continue chatting, left them to go to her boss' office.
She was still wearing her revealing hoodie dress and thong, having not bothered to change. When she had been with the girls, she had barely thought about it, and based upon earlier this week, would be taking it off anyways, remembering Mr. DeWight's rule on her being in his office nude. She could hear his voice in her head telling her it was to 'acclimate her into getting used to being nude in front of people,' although Jen knew much of that was bullshit, suspecting her boss only wanted to make her ill-at-ease as well as show her off. Unfortunately, the former reason had some merit, as she was starting to be less conscious of her skimpy clothing with each passing day.
Elsie smiled at her as she came down the hallway, telling her Mr. DeWight was expecting her and to go right into his office, so passing by the beautiful elderly woman, she made her way to the large wooden door, knocking briefly before stepping in.
Mr. DeWight was sitting behind his desk as she walked in, his face showing surprise, then happiness as he saw her.
"Diamond! Come in, come in! That outfit looks fabulous!" he exclaimed. "Please, have a seat," he told her.
Jen walked towards Mr. DeWight's desk, immediately reaching down for the hem of her dress, lifting it up past her hips. She may be stubborn, but she knew she would not win the fight of him wanting her naked in his office, so saw no point in waiting for him to order her to strip.
She was surprised when her fiancé's rival held up his hand telling her, "No. No need to bother taking it off," he told her happily. "That you selected and wore that outfit today while traveling shows me you are finally comfortable enough showing that beautiful body of yours," he told her. "From now on when we are alone you do not need to strip," he said. Then he looked at her intently with a grin saying, "Of course, I reserve the right to revoke that statement whenever I want," he grinned.
"Of course, sir," Jen answered demurely, knowing she needed to take what small wins she could in her situation.
She was only slightly thankful for the reprieve given to her, knowing based upon his last statement the chance of her being naked was probably more likely than not even with his demand rescinded. Then her boss continued, verifying her thoughts.
"Now, that does not mean I am convinced of you acting the role of a DSA spokesmodel," he said. "I fully expect you to strip naked during every performance, but that is only a small portion of your duties," he said to her, as Jen began to feel apprehension at another command coming from the man. "You showed promise this week during my meetings with The Satin Kitty staff, but I expect that behavior to continue," he told her with a heated gaze.
Jen felt her body flush, ashamed to recognize it was with desire, not embarrassment as he continued.
"Tonight will be a perfect example," he told her. "I'm sure by now your administrative assistant has told you about the party I have set up in your honor," he said.
Jen nodded in response.
She also noted his use of the term 'administrative assistant,' wondering if the proverbial dog could learn new tricks, having a suspicion his phraseology was more Elsie's doing than any inherent desire for him to be politically correct, although she did not speak her thoughts out loud.
"I've spared no expense for everybody to have a good time," he told her, "as even I could not predict the incredible responses from your photo shoots and movie hitting the market. In that aspect, you have exceeded my expectations, but again, as I said, you can't be drunk or high all the time, so you still need to work in that area. Even amongst fellow employees you need to portray the full embodiment of a DSA spokesmodel and all that DSA stands for as the full embodiment of the adult entertainment industry. Maybe even more amongst the employees here, as these are the people who know the ins and outs of the industry, and word of any hesitance upon your part quickly spread through the rumor mill. Unless you can convince them, your own peers, convincing the public of your acceptance and role in the adult entertainment industry means nothing," he said.
Jen could not believe what she was hearing. Was Mr. DeWight telling her to fuck people from the office? She had already debased herself before friends she had worked with on a regular basis, was he now expecting her to degrade herself openly here as well?
She knew the answer to the question without even asking. Of course he would. This was a man who had no hesitation debasing and degrading women—victimizing them, deceiving them, and completely abolishing any morals or dignity they may have.
Seeing her not saying anything, Mr. DeWight smiled, recognizing her quietness as compliance. Less than a week ago she would have been speaking loudly at the indignation of being told to behave like a slut. Now she knew such cries of refusal fell upon deaf ears. She was Mr. DeWight's cash cow, and he would make her do whatever he wanted, whether she fought him or not.
"Now, I'm not saying let every person you see at the party fuck you," he chuckled as he continued his discussion with her. "Although we do have cameras set up everywhere," he grinned, "so if the opportunity arises, feel free to partake and enjoy yourself. I want you to make use of the opportunities offered at such an event," he told her with a lecherous smile. "Remember, you need to be prepared for Friday's party, offering yourself freely and without any qualms or hesitation to your investors," he said, confirming Jen's train of thought. "This will be a good training period, and very well may be your last chance to overcome some of those uncertainties and misgivings. Do we have an understanding?" he asked her, confirming her earlier thoughts of being commanded to degrade herself even further as she nodded in accord with his wishes.
Mr. DeWight smiled, leaning back into his chair as he continued, changing the subject.
There was little else to say on the matter. He had given her his orders, and Jen knew by now, even after being under her contract for so little time, he would have his way, one way or another. She could either accept her role without a struggle, or make things worse as her boss spoke again.
"Now, next week I plan to be out of the country. Although I am only planning on being gone for a week, circumstances may dictate a longer visit and I wanted to go over my expectations of you while on tour," he said.
As with her earlier feelings, Jen felt a sudden foreboding, dreading what her boss was going to say next.
"Elsie should have sent your assistant your itinerary," he said, continuing after Jen nodded. "Good. Now after talking with the girls at The Satin Kitty this week, I've decided you should meet not only with all the girls at each club together, but also spend some time individually in order to get to know them, figure out any problems they wouldn't voice amongst the group as a whole, and get an overall feel of what would help make their job better. You have stated you wanted control overseeing them, so this is your chance to prove yourself," he said.
Jen completely understood and accepted this aspect of her role, as she herself had demanded the authority to oversee the dancers and other working girls of the corporation. Although the DSA spokesmodel position was mostly a glorified stripper and porn star position, her contract had stated the role also had jurisdiction over all 'female entertainers' within the corporation, which Diamond interpreted to include not only the dancers at each club, but also other models and actresses. That particular function of the VP of Ecdysiastic Services had never been exectued by former spokesmodels, Jen had demanded the control, believing she could make the jobs better based upon her past experience, particularly after such a long reign beneath Mr. DeWight and his club managers' chauvinistic views.
"Good," Mr. DeWight said to her quiet response. "What I've planned is for you to fly to your destination city on Thursday where you will attend the executive board meeting with that club's manager, and then oversee the club's workings and how the girls interact that evening. Feel free to make any ad hoc changes you feel are warranted, and I expect a full report e-mailed to me by Wednesday the following week on other recommendations and suggestions you feel would make the clubs a better working experience."
Jen was surprised Mr. DeWight was accepting her demands and authority to make changes, as the week before he had only complied due to the legal aspects in her contract. Apparently he had thought over the idea and was willing to give her a chance, and Jen became anxious with anticipation as he continued overviewing her schedule.
"Friday you will meet with all the girls—I have made it perfectly clear if there are any no-shows, they can find another job," he told her.
His statement surprised her, as it spoke volumes towards Mr. DeWight's posture in allowing her the authority to oversee all the girls, reaffirming her thoughts he apparently now supported her position.
"Although you are free to do what you want, I recommend having a private screening of your set for them to break the ice, then sit down and meet with them as a whole first, then individually. I have told all the managers they are to allow you the freedom of the club until opening, so plan your time accordingly," he told her. "Your performances will also be that night, and I have scheduled your first set to be an hour after opening and the second set a couple hours later. That gives ample time for late customers who do not catch your first set to at least see the second. I expect you to work the floor on and off all night, and as this will be a members-only night, feel free to be as unfettered as you want," he grinned at her with a sneer, leaving no doubts in her mind what he expected, affirming her thoughts as he said, "I am sure after tonight's and this Friday's parties any inhibitions or reticence performing before a crowd will be gone," he said matter-of-factly.
Jen was flabbergasted at how nonchalantly Mr. DeWight could talk when ordering a woman to be a slut, to give herself freely to anybody who desired her, even if it was against her will. His disregard towards her dignity and propriety only affirmed her intent to help the FBI put him away as he continued talking.
"Saturday will be your biggest day, so don't overdo things Friday. Although Melissa will be there, you will be under the direction of the club manager of that city, each of whom I've requested to script and produce a full-featured adult movie starring you, but they could include any other actor or actress they want. As I expect your syndication party to be a tremendous success simply from the number of people interested, money has not been an issue. I have told them if they wanted to fly in a hundred guys to gangbang you, the funding is available."
Seeing Jen's wide-eyed look at his statement, Mr. DeWight smiled saying, "Don't worry, you won't be expected to do that many men for the managers," Mr. DeWight assuaged her.
Mr. DeWight's placating remark did little to appease her, and Jen's fear threatened to overcome her stoic exterior. She had begun to learn how to 'read between the lines' when it came to her boss, and she instantly noted Mr. DeWight did not say she would never be expected fuck that many men, only that she did not have to do it 'for the club managers.'
She was not naïve, and knew many porn stars filmed large gangbangs during their careers, hoping such was not being planned for her!
Shamefully she noted that although she was afraid, she could also feel a deep warmth in the pit of her stomach, aghast at the response of her body getting turned on by the thought of being used as nothing more than such a sex object by so many men.
Trying to keep her cool, she refocused upon Mr. DeWight's comments.
"While you are in each visiting town," Mr. DeWight was saying, "I expect you to follow the club manager's every order. For all intents and purposes they speak for me, so as you would be expected to follow my direction, I expect you to follow theirs," he told her. "From Thursday afternoon until you fly out Sunday morning your ass, tits, and everything other part of you belong to them," he said.
Jen's attention immediately focused upon her boss as his voice once again obtained the cold threatening tone of earlier.
"Do you understand?" he asked, looking at her intently.
Jen nodded as a whirlwind of thoughts flew through her brain. Mr. DeWight had ordered her to do a number of degrading things over the last couple weeks, and now she was being passed around to the club managers as their own personal play toy.
Before she was aware of speaking, she heard her voice say hesitantly, "Will I have to fuck them?" she asked. The words came out long before her mind even grasped what she was saying.
Mr. DeWight smiled, saying, "As I said, they speak for me, so I'm sure they are all going to be interested in what our new DSA spokesmodel has to offer," he told her with a grin, Jen once again realizing her body was no longer her own to decide with whom or how she became intimate. Mr. DeWight's voice brought her attention back to him as he said, "That being said, I have told them to not interfere or in any way hamper your filming Saturday, so that should tone down some of their interest," he grinned again.
Jen realized this was Mr. DeWight's way of telling her the managers could do anything they want short of physically harm her. Once again the idea she would be passed around city to city, to each club manager to have his way with her—as well as star in a porn movie each week—was so horrific, she actually forgot the syndication party coming up until Mr. DeWight spoke next about it.
"But enough of that, no sense worrying about shit that isn't for at least another week," he said to her. "I want you to focus on being more welcoming and free for company welcome party, and of course be prepared for your syndication party Friday. There will be over two dozen people Friday and if you can convince them to invest a paltry hundred grand each that will be over two million to invest in your career," he said.
Jen's previous thoughts immediately cleared from her mind—even being passed around amongst the club managers—as she repeated, "Two million?"
Mr. DeWight smiled saying, "And worth every penny. I'm actually expecting more, but that is up to you," he said with another suggestive look. "So why don't you get back to Crystal and Kitten and work those pretty asses off to make Friday night a success," he told her.
Jen knew she was being dismissed, so got up and headed to the door; however, before she could leave the office Mr. DeWight's voice came from behind her saying "And don't forget about the party tonight! It's in your honor, after all, so you should show your appreciation. Your assistant should have your outfits by now," his voice finished as she closed the heavy wooden door behind her.
Her return to her office was basically on autopilot, her mind too absorbed at what she had been told. Although she had been used as a sexual object the last few weeks, there had been some rationale to her degradation. The photo-shoots were expected of any model, as was her debut party last week. Even her brazen performance in front of the guys at The Satin Kitty had the underlying justification of her being more open and getting used to what was expected of her as a proper DSA spokesmodel.
But to now be told she was at the mercy of the club managers was the coup-de-grace of any self-esteem or dignity she had left.
Then again, what had she expected, she thought to herself? She was nothing more than a glorified porn star, under the command, beckoning, and call of a convict and thug, who even in the public eye was known to victimize women. Unfortunately it was not until now she realized the extent and magnitude of what her degradation would entail.
'Was it worth it?' she asked herself.
Stopping before the double frosted glass doors of her office, the question repeated again in her head. She had never questioned the overall cost versus gain in her agreement to work with the FBI in their investigation. She and Dan had known she was agreeing to become a porn star, but that would have happened regardless. It was her agreement to accept her role, but all that had done so far was alleviate any rebuff or dispute with Mr. DeWight, so to her mind, her 'acceptance' in her DSA spokesmodel role had done nothing but benefit the one man the entire probe and surveillance was about!
She recalled Branch Chief Vogel's comment about needing to find tangible evidence or else the investigation would be shut down. If the past few weeks were any indication that would be her luck, becoming the wanton slut Mr. DeWight desired her to be and have the FBI walk away, leaving her to be continuously debased and degraded.
Looking at her reflection in the glass she wondered what people thought of the woman she saw—a woman showing off her ass and body in a basically-nonexistent 'dress.' A woman who had masturbated repeatedly before her male friends. A woman who bared her body for the pure pleasure of other men—both in person and on the camera, even at times letting them slake their lust upon her.
What had she become, she wondered? And was it worth it?
Her thoughts were interrupted as a FedEx deliveryman came out of her office startling her, his eyes immediately widening at finding a barely dressed woman standing before him.
Then again, this was the Divine Silk Attractions headquarters, the biggest adult entertainment company in the world, so it may have not been as unusual as Jen would have thought two weeks ago as the delivery man's gaze turned from surprise to desire.
"Sorry miss," the man said, holding the door open for her.
Jen thanked him as she stepped into the office, knowing his eyes were upon her bare ass as Velvet and the other girls welcomed her back.
"Is everything alright?" Denise asked seeing Jen's vacant look.
"That's the look she usually has after a meeting with Mr. DeWight," Velvet said quietly.
Without another word her assistant handed her a glass tumbler filled clear liquid and ice. Taking a sip Jen smiled at her assistant for having a much-needed glass of vodka prepared for her as she tipped the glass and steadily drank the whole thing.
Handing the glass back, Jen declined the offer of another as she skirted the subject of her meeting with Mr. DeWight by asking the girls what they had been doing to occupy their time while she had been gone.
"Our outfits have arrived!" Velvet said cheerfully, pointing to a stack of FedEx boxes on the counter.
Even though the last thing Jen wanted to do was attend a party, particularly one 'in her honor' where she had been told to act the part of a 'proper' DSA spokesmodel, she could not help but see the excitement in the girls' eyes at the packages. Even Mary, who had been quiet at the day's display of Jen's new life, showed interest in the boxes and Jen chided herself for being so selfish of her problems. At the very least she could let the girls enjoy their lives—and what woman did not enjoy new clothes, she thought to herself, recalling the earlier 'fashion show' the girls had trying out her knew clothes. She herself had been excited at her new wardrobe—at least until she had concluded the clothes served no other purpose than to publicly display her body, a living advertisement for Divine Silk Attractions, Inc.
"Well, let's go into the office and open them," she smiled wanly, her grin becoming more legitimate at the obvious and infections excitement from the girls.
"This is like Christmas!" Denise said as she helped Velvet carry the boxes into the inner office.
"Are you alright Sweetie?" Mary asked quietly as her and Jen trailed behind the two younger girls.
Jen smiled at her friend, neither of them having to say a thing for not only a complete understanding of Jen's misgivings, but the unspoken offer to talk and try to help.
"Just more 'do what's proper for a DSA spokesmodel' bullshit," Jen told her quietly as they entered the office. "We can talk later if we have a chance," she promised her friend who still held back from entering her office with the two other girls.
"John told me what happened during his meeting with Mr. DeWight," Mary said in understanding. "The stupid fuck was actually turned on by your 'performance,' even after I told him you probably had no choice in the matter," Mary told her.
"It was humiliating," Jen said and Mary told her she understood. "No Mar, you don't understand. I wasn't humiliated fingering myself in front of John or any of the other guys," she told her best friend. "It was humiliating because I ENJOYED doing it," she confessed, almost to the point of tears. "I wasn't faking it, I was actually getting off in front of them," Jen said quietly.
"Well, there's nothing wrong with making the best of a bad situation," her friend said, unable to know the exact what words to say but still making Jen feel better all the same. "There was nothing you could have done, so you made the best of it. You had to do it, so why not enjoy it?" she asked.
Jen gave her friend a hug, the pressure of keeping everything happening to her no longer being a secret gone at her friend's simple understanding.
"We'll talk later," Mary told her as Jen nodded, the two of them joining the other two girls in the office, seeing they had already opened the outer FedEx shipping covers from the packages.
"This one's yours," Velvet told Jen as she handed her a nondescript medium-sized brown box while Denise handed another one to Mary. "They're labeled for each of us, Mr. DeWight already making the decision on what everybody is supposed to wear," she told her. "Apparently every woman in the building was given their own costume," she said, then adding, "Of course, the guys weren't given anything," she told the girls, not having to speak the words about how little Mr. DeWight thought of women. "He even sent out a memo that only 'approved' outfits—that is ones he provided—would be acceptable at the party," Velvet said. "Apparently men have a much better sense of fashion," she said rolling her eyes.
"Of course," Jen said with a grin, having no doubts the outfits would be specifically designed to put their bodies on display as her earlier thoughts returned.
"Let's do this like Christmas and open them up one at a time!" Denise said, all excited at the boxes.
Jen could not help but smile at her friend's enthusiasm as she said, "OK, then you go first," she said, laughing at Denise's squeal of excitement. "Then Velvet, Mary, and myself," she said.
"The best for last!" Velvet exclaimed. Then her assistant's face became serious as she said, "But you need to get used to calling everybody by their stage names," she cautioned. "That is one rule everybody in the corporation has to follow," she said.
Jen had not paid attention calling the girls by their real names, realizing it would take a concerted effort to get used to such a thing, as they had known each other for so long. But they had learned to call each other by their stage names in the club—you never wanted to give a customer your real name—so they just had to switch their mental gears to do it everywhere.
In the back of her mind, Jen once again realized she had to be in 'stripper mode' more often than ever, maybe even continuously, as letting down her guard at any point was not conducive to her goal of helping out the FBI.
Nodding back to Velvet in understanding, she purposely said, "OK Crystal, let's see it!"
Denise unpacked her outfit and held it up for everybody to see—a black stretch romper with an attached hood similar to Jen's dress. The romper had a fluorescent floral pattern around the hems, and was completely open in front. Denise then held up a matching bandeaux bikini top, gaudy with its fluorescent floral pattern, as well as a pair of fringed leggings and large bright fluorescent green furry leg warmers.
Although Jen had never been to a rave before, she had seen similar outfits when shopping for stripper outfits—in fact many girls wore rave outfits in their routines both because they were sexy and because the fluorescent patterns looked great under the black lights of the club.
Unpack the leg warmers, Denise told them the furred green leggings had lights built into them—several three-inch round blue lights to further add to the ostentatious costume.
Although revealing, the costume was nothing the girls were not used to wearing at the club, maybe even less revealing. If Mr. DeWight had actually selected these outfits, Jen thought, he could have done a lot worse she concluded.
The last additions to the outfit were a light green fluorescent wig, green sunglasses, and long psychedelic colored fake eyelashes.
Velvet told them when it came to rave outfits, the more dazzling and outrageous the outfit the better.
Unpacking her outfit next, Velvet's costume was more revealing, consisting of a black patent-leathered halter top and matching black leather mini-skirt. The outfit was a bee costume, the skirt and top having fluorescent yellow-fringed bands as well as a bright yellow headband with two large yellow fluffy antennae resembling Mickey Mouse ears. In addition were a pair of furred leggings similar to the ones Denise had unpacked, only Velvet's having black and bright yellow stripes to match her costume.
As with Denise's outfit, Velvet had several additional accessories including a bright yellow short-haired wig, a glittery bee-themed eye make-up kit, as well as a pair of black slotted glasses. Last within the box was a black thong, similar to the one Jen was wearing.
Having seen Velvet's body in its entirety, Jen had to admit the outfit was a good choice for her, showing the best highlights of the woman's attributes—her curvaceous waist and long legs.
Mary's outfit was even gaudier than the other two girls, being a court jester's outfit—only much sexier. Her costume was a two-pieced one with a multicolored low-cut halter and a matching multi-colored satin miniskirt with an underlying bright fluorescent pink mini-petticoat attached. Holding up the two items against her, Jen knew the top would display her friend's cleavage haughtily, but most apparent to all of them was the shortness of the skit, fully aware Mary's ass would be revealed to everybody.
"I guess what's good for the queen goose is good for the rest of us," she shrugged at the skirt's shortness, nodding her head towards Jen whose ass had been on display all day from her dress.
Mary next unpacked her fur leggings—apparently a staple for rave costumes—holding them up to show they consisted of multiple bright vertical bands of colors to match the top and skirt.
All three pieces—top, skirt, and leg warmers—had satin triangular gold trimmings with attached gold bells on the ends, the constant jingle drifting through the office as Mary showed everybody the outfit.
Her accessories within her package included a fluorescent multicolored wig, bright multicolored long fake eyelashes, as well as a multicolored lip and eye kit. The last item in the box, as with Velvet's was a glittery gold thong.
Seeing Mary's—Jen's mind quickly correcting herself with Kitten—look, Velvet laughed, saying, "Mr. DeWight did state everything anybody needed would be in the boxes, and most people are leaving straight from here to the party," she explained. "So I guess that includes underwear," she said with a laugh.
"I didn't get underwear, am I supposed to go commando?" Denise asked, Jen's mind once again correcting herself for her friend's stripper name.
Velvet nodded as Crystal shrugged, "Well, it's not like I need to wear underwear with a romper," the young blonde stated.
"What kind of shoes are we supposed to wear with these?" Mary/Kitten asked as she passed around her accessories kit for everybody to see.
Denise and Jen, who had never been to a rave before, shrugged and it was Velvet who answered, "Typically most girls wear stripper shoes," she said. "Even though they are covered by the leggings, they will be seen when you dance and the basic rule-of-thumb for raves is go as gaudy and flamboyant as possible, and for the average woman, those are stripper shoes" she smiled.
"Well, there were plenty of shoes in your closet," Kitten said to Jen, "so it's a good thing we're all the same size!"
The girls often joked about how interchangeable their clothes were, even down to all three having the same shoe size. Crystal sometimes got left out due to her chest not as large as Kitten's or Diamond's, but most outfits did not stay on long enough in the club to make a difference.
Then it was the moment Jen dreaded—opening her package of clothing. Thus far Kitten's outfit was the most revealing, the halter top cut in such a way it would display considerable cleavage from the large chested girl, not to mention the short skirt which would show off at least half of her ass. And yet, as each of them had already commented upon, the outfit was no more revealing than most of their club outfits.
Jen had a sinking feeling being the DSA spokesmodel meant her outfit would be even more revealing, particularly if Mr. DeWight had anything to do with its selection, and at her friends' urgings, began cutting the packing tape on the box labeled 'Diamond.'
Upon opening the box Jen saw her outfit was a bright fluorescent pink and yellow color scheme, based upon the bright pink furred leggings with reflective yellow stars sitting on top of the box. Although not lit like Crystal's leggings with actual lights, even in the package the reflective material stood out from the overhead lights, and she knew it would particularly be noticeable by lasers and spotlights of a party, showing the girls the leggings before setting them aside on the table and looking back into the box.
Jen was surprised to look down and see two large 'oogly' eyes staring back at her within a pink mass of fur. Pulling the item out, the girls squealed in delight as she held up a hoodie in the shape of a large pink cookie monster with rainbow-colored horns.
Immediately the girls insisted she put it on and pulling it out of the package, Jen saw there were two long puffy pom-poms that dangled down to her waist. The hoody was lined by white jagged 'teeth' where her head would fit into it and overall the hood was adorable.
"That is so adorable!" Denise—Crystal, Jen's mind corrected—said as if reading her mind to the other girls' agreements. "You HAVE to lend it out sometime for a set!" she said enthusiastically.
Jen nodded with a smile, starting to get into the swing of things. Finding the cute hood took away some of her misgivings about the outfit as well as slowly getting into the mood the girls were generating.
Earlier the last thing she had wanted was to go to a party, but now she had to admit the festive atmosphere of the girls was infecting her as well.
Keeping the monster hoodie on—it WAS adorable Jen thought—she sat back down and pulled out the next package, seeing it contained several accessories including a neon pink long-haired wig, large yellow and pink feathery fake eyelashes reminding her of something she had seen on Cirque de Soleil performers, bright pink 'lightning bolt' shaped earrings, and a lip and eye applique kit similar to Mary's, only this one being a bright pink them—the lip temporary tattoo having a pink tiger-striped pattern.
Reading the back of the package, Jen saw the lip kit stated it would last up to eight hours and was resilient enough to last through eating, drinking, and kissing. Velvet once again seemed to know more having worked with similar kits, telling them many of the girls wore similar things at the club and that they would definitely last the night.
"Destiny who is one of the dancers at the Garden of Eden, wears them all the time, and said hers last even giving her boyfriend a blowjob!" she laughed with the other girls.
Jen was about to say she would not be doing something like that, but then reality crashed down upon her as she bit her tongue. She was ashamed to think that she no longer had any control over what sexual acts she would and would not do and could no longer make any claims such as that. Mr. DeWight himself had told her to basically fuck and suck at the party tonight, her sullen mood returning once again.
As she passed around the accessories she asked if there was another box for her, as there were only two additional small packages in her box.
The first item was another accessory—an adult-sized pacifier that lit up. Velvet told her they would see several of those at the rave, as they were a common accessory, although Jen's was definitely special being as it lit up and blinked, adding to the gaudiness of the costume.
The final package contained the rest of her 'costume,' using the word lightly. Jen had suspected Mr. DeWight would have her wear something skimpy, and in that regard she was not disappointed; however, once again her thoughts of having no more control of her life returned.
Within the clear packaging was a two piece outfit made of bright fluorescent yellow see-through lace with bright neon pink trim. The first item was a micro-miniskirt that Jen knew even if she wore it low on her hips, would barely cover her crotch—let alone her ass. Of course, cover was a term used loosely as she put her hand beneath the material, seeing the lace did nothing to hide what was beneath. The second item was a small triangle bikini top that she hoped would at least be big enough to cover her areoles, as the small triangular material would even on a small-breasted woman cover her breasts—on Jen she might as well go topless or wear nothing but pasties.
Holding up the two items the girls smirked at her as Denise asked naively, "What color is the underwear?"
Jen looked at her, saying, "That's it. This is the costume, no underwear, no more to the costume," she said resignedly. "Apparently I'm supposed to show off my snatch along with my ass to the whole company," she said, sinking back into her chair.
"Well, at least it will be dark and a lot of people," Velvet said trying to console her boss.
"Oh yeah," Jen said glumly, not in the least appeased. "A dark room with me pressed amongst a group of strangers being practically naked—it will be just like dancing at the club, only without any bouncers around to stop them from grabbing a hold of me and doing what they want," she said morosely.
"We'll be there," Velvet said, trying to console Jen.
Jen knew her friends meant well, but the fact of the matter was the clothes were yet another reminder of how far she had sunk into depravity. It was not the fact she would be practically naked. She had been stripping too long to care about exposing her body. Even being in public Mr. DeWight had pretty much brainwashed her into feeling comfortable enough to expose herself in a public place.
But by providing her with this 'costume,' Mr. DeWight was making it perfectly clear on his expectations of her at the party. Going to a rave practically naked, with a mass of people she did not know, where alcohol and drugs were probably going to flow freely, was setting her up in a scenario where being violated and assaulted were more than a high probability.
She recalled the previous week at the club with Velvet and the other guys. Those were also people she worked with, but they had no problems feeling her up amongst a public dance floor filled with strangers.
Suddenly her attention was drawn to a glass of ice and clear liquid placed in front of her.
Looking up at her assistant, she saw Velvet smile wanly as she said, "If you can't fight it, you might as well get shit-faced enough that it won't matter," she said resolutely.
Jen smiled back, taking the drink and a large sip as she asked, "When's the party?"
Velvet looked at her watch, telling them they only had two hours to get ready, suggesting they order something to eat—as well as finish the leftover salad from lunch—and get ready in Jen's office. They all agreed and as Mary and Denise—Kitten and Crystal Jen once again chided to herself mentally—took all the clothes into the sleeping area and began sorting everything out, Jen finished up the remaining e-mails she had.
Diving into other girls' problems and attempting to resolve them was just the thing she needed to keep her mind occupied, and before she knew it Velvet was returning with a potpourri of Chinese food, all the girls diving into the buffet with gusto as Velvet went over what she knew about the party.
"Diamond has to be there no later than seven-thirty," she told them, "So the limo will be here a little before seven. Mr. DeWight is holding the party in an old warehouse he bought a few years ago—there's been construction going on for the past couple weeks, so he must have been planning this for a while," she explained.
Jen wondered how long the man had been planning this little 'event' in her honor, being as she only signed the contract a couple weeks ago, but based upon what Velvet said, her being the guest of honor was a recent addition, the company typically sponsoring random large parties throughout the year.
Her explanation appeased Jen somewhat, as she would have hated to think Mr. DeWight had planned on her succumbing to her role months in advance. Although the man had been shopping around for clubs for a while, she was not aware of Willie trying to sell it so long ago, blocking such thoughts from her mind as she continued to listen to Velvet.
"Armin van Buuren will be playing at eight, and his shows typically go for an hour to an hour-and-a-half, so the real party will begin around ten," she said. "A couple local DJ's will be playing songs after that, and I heard there is an open bar, so expect to see a lot of shit-faced DSA employees," she grinned. "Mr. DeWight has given everybody a half-day off tomorrow, so I imagine people will be taking advantage of that at the party," she laughed.
Jen asked if there was anything special planned, her being the guest of honor and all as Velvet told her, "All Elsie told me was to make sure we all wore the outfits given to us and that you should be there no later than seven-thirty," she explained.
Jen shrugged noncommittally. Whether something was planned or not was irrelevant, as she had no choice any longer in what she was to do. She should worry about other things such as what was expected of her Friday night, or on her tour—but realized even those events were out of her control. Mr. DeWight had scheduled these events without any thought to her morality or self-esteem. Then again, she thought, maybe he had thought about it, and made every attempt to lower those aspects to the bottomless pits of Hell.
Once again she started to get into a melancholy mood, so distracted herself with helping clean up their dinner before the four of them all went into the bedroom/lounge area of her office to get ready for the party.
Thankfully the company of the girls and the familiar acts of putting on make-up and sprucing each other up was therapeutic, the atmosphere almost one like a sleepover when she was younger, the girls making fun of each other and joking around as they helped each other put on their make-up and other accessories for the party.
Jen had to admit—setting aside all degrading reasons on why Mr. DeWight chose the outfits he had—they all looked outstanding. Not for the first time Jen thought Mr. DeWight knew how to shop for women, as all the girls' outfits highlighted their best features. Velvet's bee costume was so cute, she swore she would wear it for a set someday, it displaying her slim waist and long legs to their fullest advantage. Crystal's outfit was the perfect combination of cute and sexy, giving her already-present innocent features a distinctive naughty girl twist which had gotten her many a tip at the club. And then there was Kitten's outfit. None of the girls would have thought a jester's outfit could be so sensual, the outfit showing off her friend's legs and breasts even better than if she were naked. Finally there was her own outfit, scant as it was, putting her tight ass and firm breasts on display before everybody, the lack of the skimpy outfit highlighting her entire figure and leaving no doubt as to her adult entertainment occupation.
The drinks were having an effect as the girls laughed good naturedly to Kitten dancing after Velvet turned the radio on to an electronic music station to 'get in the mood.' Jen and the others watched as their friend practiced showing off her ass with each bounce of her pink petticoat, the material floating up and down as she moved—her entire outfit jingling with her movements.
Velvet then turned off the office lights while turning on the club lights she had shown Jen last week, as Crystal and Kitten teased Jen about having her own 'nightclub' and stage, even though Velvet explained they were used for auditions with new girls.
Getting into the mood, all the girls jointed Kitten in the familiar practice of performing various dance moves in order to see which moves worked best in the outfits—their years of stripping giving them considerable experience in testing what moves would and would not get them the best tips. Even Jen did a couple moves after putting on her skimpy lace outfit, finishing with a couple backwards cartwheels to test the limits of the top and skirt. Arching her back, the girls made fun of her as her nipples popped out of the gabs in the lace material of her top, readjusting it several times to provide enough 'give' so it was not dropping down, but would not raise up if she did bend back.
"I can't believe you have your own mini-nightclub in your office," Denise laughed as she tested the stripper pole in the main office.
"If you girls are around tomorrow afternoon and not too hung over we have five people applying that Diamond will be interviewing," she said, all the girls excited to be on the 'other side of the fence' for once.
"Just be nice to them, one girl last week was shy as a mouse," Jen told them with a laugh, remembering how timid and naïve one of the girls—Sapphire she recalled her name—had been.
Looking at all of them, they were definitely ready for a rave, all the outfits a mixture of cute and sexy. Velvet had them all model for several pictures which she posted on Diamond's Facebook page with the caption, "Diamond and her posse getting ready to party at a DSA rave!"
Jen was flabbergasted as the computer began dinging non-stop with the number of 'Likes' for the pictures—reaching over eight thousand by the time they received a call informing the limousine was waiting for them downstairs!
Leaving the office, Jen was extremely conscientious to their outfits. For one thing, they were in sexy rave clothing in a corporate office, and although she had worn stripper outfits all last week, dressed in such costumes made her feel uncomfortable. In addition, her 'outfit' was barely legal to be considered lingerie, half of her ass and well over half of her breasts fully exposed—not to mention being seen through the thin laced material.
But as they exited the elevator on the ground floor, some of her awkward feelings at their appearance were alleviated as they saw well over a dozen other girls in similar outfits, squeals of excitement and delight coming from them when the four girls came around the corner. Jen and the girls joined them all as the throng—composed of administrative assistances, marketing saleswomen, a nurse, and many other different roles within the company—joined together to look at everybody's outfit.
"Diamond that outfit suits you perfectly!" one of the girls from marketing told her with genuine happiness as she complimented Jen's outfit.
Jen told them she felt uneasy wearing something so skimpy, but all the girls told her not to worry.
"Hell, we're all dressed to impress," one of the other girls stated. "I pity the guys whose necks are going to get whiplashed with all the gawking they'll be doing tonight!" she laughed with the other girls.
After taking several more selfies and pictures with each other, Velvet announced to the girls she had to take Diamond to the car. "Can't be late to her own welcoming party!" she said as the girls all wished each other luck.
Jen found out the girls were waiting for a bus, which Mr. DeWight had hired to shuffle people to and from the warehouse without having to worry about parking. They also learned he had contracted one of the taxi companies to be available later to take people not only home from the office so they did not have to drive home drunk, but also was paying their fares from and back to the office the next morning so they did not have to worry about their cars!
She wondered how such a considerate boss could still be so degrading and Machiavellian when it came to women. And yet, even these girls enjoyed their jobs and welcomed them, knowing the other girls were strippers and she herself was a porn actress for the company. Dressed as a complete slut without underwear and such a tiny outfit, they had not judged her at all, accepting her simply as 'one of the girls' who worked for Mr. DeWight, just like themselves.
Leaving the office—to the accompaniment of several cat calls, whistles, and cheers from not only the women but men who saw them—Jen grinned at Larry's surprised face as the girls came towards him waiting by the car.
The man's eyes looked hungrily back and forth amongst the women, finally widening as he realized the full view of Jen's breasts and crotch were visible.
Seeing his heated gaze, Jen felt her body heat up, her nipples almost immediately hardening at the hungry look of her driver. She was no longer conscientious of her skimpy outfit, instead thrilled she could evoke such a reaction from a man, even one who had already seen her naked.
Denise in particular teased him, bending over and asking innocently if he could see her panty lines before turning around—still bent over so her cleavage was in full view—and telling him wickedly he could not see them because she was not wearing any panties.
Seeing her friend tease the driver, she noted with surprise Denise's outfit had stretched up, outlying her crotch with a visible camel toe, the think stretchy material doing nothing more than outlying her privates before everybody.
Quickly pulling her friend aside and mentioning her current state, Denise laughed, telling her, "I know, isn't it wicked?" she asked. "I saw what it did upstairs and was mortified at first, but then seeing your outfit and even the others, it's perfect," she said. "I even put some water on the outfit in case I get excited and it doesn't show, so I can tease all night," she grinned.
Jen was surprised at her friend's unchaste attitude, but figured she was a big girl and after several drinks upstairs, deserved to let her hair down, so said nothing.
She wondered at the attraction between her friend and the limo driver, listening in amusement as Denise asked demurely if he would be joining and partying with them, pouting exaggeratedly when he told them he would unfortunately be waiting for them in the limo.
They were all surprised when Denise said, "Well maybe afterwards you can join me for a drink when you're off duty," giving the driver a sly grin and a wink.
Following that exchange, Jen noted her limo driver's eyes were more directed towards Denise than herself, watching the man stare at her friend's ass and crotch heatedly as the girls finally piled one-by-one into the limo to go to the party.
On the way to the warehouse they each had another drink in the car, talking excitedly about the party, and by the time the limo pulled up to the warehouse Jen and the girls were feeling buzzed.
Looking at the building, if it were not for the large number of people gathered outside, they would have thought it to be nothing but an abandoned building in the middle of a rundown part of time—definitely nothing any of the girls would have wanted to be caught alone in.
Getting out of the car, the girls were first met with a loud cheer of fellow DSA employees as they saw Diamond, an ear-shattering applause from the crowd waiting to get inside or hanging out for a cigarette before going in.
Looking around, the girls felt more at ease in their outfits as every women visible was dressed similarly. The outside was a cornucopia of neon and fluorescent colors of outfits showing extreme expanses of cleavage, legs, and bared waists, along with outrageous hoodies, accessories, and furred leggings.
Although there were plenty of men 'dressed up' in various sunglasses, shorts, and crazy hats, none of them could compete with the extravagant and often preposterous outfits all the women were wearing.
The next thing catching their attention was the heavy bass thumping—'BOOM-THUMP, BOOM-THUMP'—coming from the building, vestiges of the extremely loud club music from within while lights flashed erratically through the windows.
Even though she was mortified at being practically naked, Jen could not help be feel excited about the party, and although she was conscious of her risqué attire, she noticed men looking as much at the other women as her.
Ladies and Gentleman, please put your hands together and welcome DSA's very own, Diamond!