The odyssey that my sexual energies have zeroed in on has taken quite a few years to assemble me into the person I am today.
That said, it's the journey of getting there that counts on making us who and what we are and it's been quite a ride. A "bad" boyfriend, a voyeur boyfriend, a power hungry dominant woman and my own desires. Well, maybe I should even back up before that to add in a three year failed marriage.
The marriage was from the small town where I grew up. As I matured as a high school student my waist stayed the same and my hips and breasts blossomed. I became the "property" of my first boyfriend. The Hometown boy that was the football star of the town and had a deep religious background like seemingly everyone in the mid west. We attended different colleges after high school and had primarily a long distance relationship or were chaperoned by others when we were home on school vacations. We married the day after graduation and my white dress was accurately descriptive of my sexual experience.
Three years of teaching Sunday school each week, working at the church during the week as a volunteer, (in spite of the minister that always seemed to be staring down my neckline), going home to cook supper and be a full time servant to my husband. Cook the meals, do the dishes, take a bath and get into bed to await my "lord and master" to come in, jam his little dick into my mouth or pussy, do about 5 strokes to his orgasm and then I would lie there staring at the ceiling as he turned over and went to sleep. And then get up the next morning and do it all over again.
I finally talked to my minister about my sins of sexual frustration and he required me to give the details of my fantasies and of how much lust I had in my heart. The detailed wishes I had of what I fantasized that my husband could do to me. Even though I later can't believe how naive I was, I finally realized that he was jacking himself off under his desk right in front of me.
I quit the church, quit my husband, upgraded my education and moved to Texas to enter the business world. And met the "bad" boyfriend I mentioned earlier but for me at the time it was just perfect. A boyfriend that, while I knew from the start that the relationship would never be permanent, was one hell of a lot of fun. I was way behind on the sexual barometer and wanted to make up for it. It would seem the more time passes I am still trying to "move up". Besides, he loved to eat pussy, something my husband had Never done, and that was a wonderful start at keeping me happy. And then he wanted me to branch out...
My boyfriend at that time was intelligent enough to know that he had stepped into a sexual goldmine. I was as ready as any woman could possibly be with all the repression, false guilt, and voracious appetite all waiting to be released. I suspect that his wanting to branch out a bit was a natural enough desire in any one's fantasies but also because I was, on a daily or more often basis, fucking him into total exhaustion. If I were able to use my mouth, hands or vibrator to bring his cock to life then I was shortly thereafter riding his dick for all I was worth.
Just to give himself a breather he encouraged me to describe in detail any sexual fantasy that I or he could dream up. He gradually moved me around toward descriptions of sexual happenings with more than one man at a time and then to women. I resisted, with my strong religious background, but once he broke the barrier I found myself so turned on describing being with a woman that I was so wet I was gushing. Sometimes to attack my lover's cock or just bringing myself off to a shuddering climax.
He then led me toward doing something about my suppressed desires... It started with my placing an ad and a very anonymous photo online in a swingers site... We decided that my first experience would be a solo adventure to see if reality and fantasy would be merged into what I was hoping for. If not, and not feeling any pressure from my boyfriend, I could just walk away and things could stop right there.
Probably due to my repressed upbringing I am something of an exhibitionist as I found out in my first girl-girl experience which I can best explain by describing: It was a few weeks later when I answered an ad from a girl in Dallas. We sent emails back and forth for some time while keeping our last names and street addresses private. That anonymity allowed us both to be able to be completely candid in our private thoughts and yet know that either one of us could cut things off immediately if anything became uncomfortable.
We finally met in a neutral setting - Ft. Worth - at a motel that my friend and her husband rented and then called our motel with the room number. (We had rented our room under the really original name of John Smith and paid cash for the room.) I drove over while almost quivering with both anticipation and nervousness, took the elevator up to their floor, the long walk down the hallway and knocked at the door which was promptly answered. I entered and there as expected was my friend Nina, wearing a floor length, completely transparent nylon robe in fire-engine red. The bright red immediately drew your attention to her midnight black, crotchless panties which perfectly framed her beautifully trimmed pussy and black, stiletto heels. Her large, beautiful breasts were swinging free under the diaphanous red nylon.
As we had agreed to it earlier I was also expecting Nina's husband to be present as an observer. Around the corner was her husband, as advertised but completely naked and tied with some of Nina's scarves into a chair! Nina had sensed from her phone call that I was very nervous and decided to insure that I would have enough control of the situation to really relax.
We then started getting acquainted. We had only written up to that time but we immediately seemed like old friends. Nina's husband also seemed to be appreciative of me and was very supportive of Nina. After talking a bit and having a couple of drinks Nina suggested her husband was feeling left out being the only completely naked person in the room and why didn't I strip for him. I thought "why not" (the drinks helped) so I did the sexiest disrobing I was capable of.
Under my street cloths I had worn only a string bikini, a half cup bra that clearly showed my nipples and a garter belt and stockings. As I slowly took my clothing off Nina's husband got visibly larger. (Every woman likes to think she is attractive to men. To see a man get such an immediate pleasurable reaction to seeing you that he gets a gorgeous hardon is a wonderful compliment and really gets you excited also.) This also affected Nina as she began to kiss and nibble at parts of my body which also affected me. Maybe it was because he was so obviously enjoying watching us that it just seemed so natural to perform in front of her bound husband. In my mind I kept thinking "Oh my god, you're actually going to do it with another woman. It's wicked. It's taboo." But Nina was so encouraging and non-threatening and sexy looking that I kept answering myself "Yes it is, and I want it NOW."
Nina began to eat me through my panties and her tongue being oh-so-close to my clit but not quite touching it just drove me wild. I was wet all over my thighs with excitement. Nina told me later that at that moment when she looked in my eyes she knew that the time for foreplay was OVER. She literally ripped the remainder of my clothes off and pulled out a double dildo that was well over a foot long. Soon we were "joined" with the dildo inside us both and our pussies grinding into each other. As I was about to come for the first time of many that day I heard a groan, looked over and saw Nina's husband's cock cuming. He was so excited he spurted a cum geyser all over himself just from watching us as he was unable to touch himself. That was when my whole body arched into orgasm as I clutched Nina to me in complete ecstasy.
Nina then went over to his chair and was kind enough to lick all the cum off his body while I was fascinated to watch. With my very sheltered upbringing I had never been in the same room with another naked couple and to watch Nina's sexy tongue movements as she licked her way over his cock, his balls and his stomach while she drank his cum ever so slowly just made me terribly excited. She would slowly pick up a drop of his cum with her tongue and then look straight into his eyes while she swallowed it.
As my excitement mounted I looked for help and saw the dildo still lying on the bed beside me, still wet with our juices. As they played I brought myself off again with the dildo. By that time I was just out of my mind with lust. I dragged Nina back to the bed, threw her onto it, dived down into a 69 position and as she pushed my legs wide to eat me I drove my face and tongue between her legs. (She tasted so sweet I was hooked on girls from that time on.)
The next hour became almost a blur of sex as we ate each other. At times one would provide all the pleasure to the other and at times simultaneously our tongues would work their sexy way around clits, pussy and ass of each other. We would occasionally take a brief rest only to be drawn like a magnet back to the pussy of the other for more of the incredibly sweet pleasure that a woman can give to another.
As I reached what I thought was total exhaustion Nina's husband told Nina, "put it on." Nina told me to lie back on the bed and wait for her while she went into the bathroom. While I lay on the bed with mounting excitement Nina's husband who was still bound in the chair right beside the bed said "Laurie, you're now going to get fucked better than you've ever been fucked before." Nina came out shortly wearing a big leather harness around her hips that hooked up to an artificial cock that was of normal length but twice as thick as any normal man's!
The sight was startling, fascinating and mesmerizing at the same time. Nina naked, is quite a sight by herself as her large breasts, narrow waist and firm but almost abnormally small woman's hips and ass is an erotic dream to look at. Add to this her walking toward you with a gleam in her eye as she moves her hand slowly up and down the cock as if she was touching herself to keep "her" hardon and it was truly an incredible sight. The cock was so big her fingers could hardly reach all the way around it.
She first went over to her husband and kissed him passionately. She straddled him on her knees with the cock sticking up between them and ever so slowly worked her hips back and forth over his crotch while holding first one of her breasts and then the other to his mouth for him to suck. When both her nipples were swollen and sticking straight out in excitement she asked him, "well, lover, think she can take it?" His answer was just an excited nod as he was becoming too aroused even to speak.
She turned to me with an almost regal bearing as the gigantic cock between her legs stuck straight out towards me. Her command was short and to the point: "put a pillow under your ass, lie back and spread 'em." Well, to keep this episode from running forever, that cock was bigger than a regular man's fantasy will ever be so it took lots of lube to help and at first it was almost painful (although more frightening than anything) but I took more and more of that incredible cock between my legs. Nina then just kept slowly pushing, harder and harder, deeper and deeper with "her" cock an she brought me and my oh so wet pussy towards an inexorable climax.
Finally in a massive thrust of her hips she rammed that cock all the way up to its BALLS into me and began really pumping. I began to loose myself to pure sexual feeling as my legs involuntarily lifted straight up into the air, spread wide to receive her massive gift. With my body bent backwards over the pillow her mouth was right on my tits and she began to suck on them really hard, almost painfully hard but I was so hot I could only ask her to fuck me faster and suck even harder, to really give it to me.
By this time my pussy was gushing. We both were so excited we were sweating. She was giving me a non-stop fucking plus her sucking on my nipples and then, just as I started to cum, she grabbed a small vibrator dildo from the drawer, turned it on and brought it down really hard, cruelly hard, on my clit. I'm here to tell you that I went into a completely uncontrolled, screaming, squirting, sweating orgasm that I'm sure could be heard all the way to Dallas.
After I had finally come down a bit, we were having so much fun we called my boyfriend who was in our motel about a couple of miles away. He had been patiently waiting for me to return and, I'm sure, having all kinds of sexual fantasies thinking about what I was doing (or might be doing.) I told him over the phone that I now understood why he liked to eat pussy so much because now I did too. I gave him the room number in Nina's motel to come see for himself. When he arrived we then did a repeat of tying him up, Nina stripping for him, etc. etc. He was going absolutely out of his mind what with several hours of fantasy and then having to be naked and only get to watch two over-sexed and, if I do say so myself, voluptuous females put on one hell of a show right beside him.
Later we finally let the guys out of their misery by untying them and each of us sucked off her man in front of the other couple. This was also a first for me as no one had ever been in the same room while I had sex with a man and I found that I loved it. I had my boyfriend lay back on the bed while I crawled between his legs to take his excited cock into my mouth and down my throat. While I was sucking my boyfriend, Nina came behind me and began using her tongue to rim my ass and Nina's husband then used the double dildo to fuck Nina in her ass. My boyfriend finally erupted with so much cum that it spilled out of my mouth and all over my lips in spite of my swallowing as fast as I could. As my day of sexual depravity came to an end Nina slowly licked the cum off my face to kiss me deeply.
Oh, golly but describing that incident to you has really gotten me excited. I didn't intend for it to be so lengthy but one thing leads to another... More to come.