All of the events I have described here are true and occurred as we tried to explore and enhance our sexuality.
*
Over the years we have been very fortunate to have had a very healthy interest in sex. Our sex life has always been a very active one. As I reminisce some experiences jump into my mind, but first a little background.
Kristen is a beautiful, tall, blue eyed, fair skinned, brunette with a fantastic body. She has 34B breasts with pink nipples about the size of silver dollars. When erect they stick out about a half inch, and are the thickness of my pinkie. She is neatly trimmed with just the hint of a strip above her slit. I have always encouraged her to show off the wonderful body she has. By that I mean, I have always asked her to dress in a sophisticated, sexy manner, with no bra or panties. She often did and attracted her share of attention from any nearby men. I'd like to share a few experiences that come to mind.
One of our first sexual experiences outside of the bedroom occurred in a restaurant. We were on vacation and had gone out for a romantic dinner. Kristen had worn a sundress that buttoned down the front, one of my favorites. With some encouragement on my part she undid some extra buttons at both the top and bottom. She wore no bra or panties. Although the dress was made of a thin sort of sheer fabric, you could not see clearly through it because of Kristen's fair complexion.
When we got to the restaurant our table was not quite ready so we went to the bar for a drink. While sitting on the barstool Kristen crossed her leg and exposed a lot of leg, about two to three inches below her crotch. When she leaned over I could easily look down her top and see her breast. While we were waiting she received many appreciate glances from men in the bar.
We were escorted to our table by the head waiter who had been into the bar to check Kristen out several times. We were given a corner table overlooking the garden. As we were seated I couldn't help but notice the waiter trying to look down the top of Kristen's dress as he pulled out her chair. I told Kristen about it as soon as he left. Needless to say, she didn't believe me. I told her she should lean forward when he brought the wine list to see for herself.
To my surprise she did lean forward a bit to let him see more of her breasts. This time she saw him as he was trying to get a peek. We were getting very attentive service at this point. With a little more encouragement Kristen undid another button so that her dress gaped open a bit more. When the waiter returned with our wine he poured and spent a bit of extra time hovering over Kristen's shoulder, she said she knew exactly what he was trying to do. I knew he was trying to see down her top, but I didn't know how much he could see.
I excused myself and went to the men's room. As I came back to the table, I paused where our waiter had stood to see what he could see. He had a perfect view of Kristen's entire left breast. Since the air conditioning was on, her nipple was very erect and bright pink.
As I sat down, I informed her about the waiter's view. She told me she figured it must be pretty good since he had come to check on her twice in my brief absence. I was stunned when she left the dress the way it was throughout the rest of dinner. She told me that it was exciting knowing that he was looking at her breast. Kristen seemed to bend and turn a bit more whenever the waiter was near to give him an ever better look. That was the most attentive service we've ever had.
After dinner we returned to the bar for as nightcap. Over our drinks, Kristen informed me that the whole experience had made her very horny. She was surprised when I told her that it had made me horny too, and that I enjoyed it as much as the waiter. I asked her if she would like to show off a little bit more. She asked what I had in mind.
I looked toward the guy on the stool next to her. She smiled at me, and then touched her necklace. As she withdrew her hand she very discretely pushed the fabric of the dress away from her chest. Once again her dress gaped open. The guy next to her took but a moment to notice that he could get a look at Kristen's breasts. He then began to make small talk with us while taking in the view of Kristen's exposed breasts. Kristen was now squeezing my leg as she pretended not to notice him staring down her dress.
When he left to visit the men's room I asked her if she wanted to show her pussy too. She said she couldn't, but did seem a bit curious. I was hoping that the wine was working. I told her there was a guy sitting a bit behind her with his wife, and that he was continually checking her out. His wife's back was to us.
I told Kristen to turn a bit on the stool toward him and just swing one leg off the stool onto the floor. It worked like a charm. As she did it the dress pulled apart as it stretched to the upper most button. I knew that the guy was able to see her neatly trimmed pussy because his eyes nearly popped out of his head. Kristen parted her thighs a bit more as she turned her upper body towards me and I knew that lucky guy had seen everything she had to offer.
She stayed in that position for only a few seconds before turning back to me and saying it was time to go. When we got into the car I slid my hand between her legs. She was soaked. My finger slid between her lips and slipped easily into her dripping pussy. We barely got into our room before we tore our clothes off and made love passionately. This was the first time our sex life had ventured beyond our bedroom. I planned to do a lot more encouraging!
A few days later Kristen decided to do a bit more showing off. We went to a local swimming hole where skinny dipping was permitted. There were only a few people there. I tried to get Kristen out of her top with limited success. She would only lie face down with her top undone beneath her. She said she didn't want to be the only one without a top. Since there were only guys there I said it wouldn't be a problem. She still refused.
I suggested that we move up stream away from the crowd. She surprised me when she agreed and sat up with out her top. She had turned so that she couldn't be seen from the front, but the guys there were sure trying to get a look. She pulled on a tank top and stuffed her top in our bag.
As we walked upstream we passed some other people sunning themselves. Most were nude. We found a quiet spot and spread out our blanket. I removed my shorts for my first nude sunbathing experience. Kristen removed her tank top but left her bikini bottom on. She even let me take some pics of her with our new digital camera. Paradise! Every time we heard someone on the trail Kristen covered up by rolling onto her stomach. We eventually relaxed and enjoyed the sun.
A while later, upon sitting up I saw that there was a guy sitting nude on a rock about twenty-five yards away. We hadn't noticed him arrive. I whispered to Kristen so that she wouldn't be startled. She said he must have seen her by now, so she wasn't going to worry about it. With that she sat up and began to apply more suntan lotion. I had to lie face down because I had a raging hard on knowing the guy was watching her rub lotion on her tits and onto those pink nipples.
As the afternoon progressed we read our books and enjoyed the sun without thinking too much about the guy lying on the rock nearby. Kristen was lying face down, up on her elbows when I noticed a guy walking up through the stream, he was nude and was carrying nothing with him. As he got closer I told Kristen to check out his cock. He was walking along with a hard on! She kept watching him over the top of her book and couldn't take her eyes off him.
As he got closer he noticed us lying there. He continued closer and then sat on a stone that was sticking up a bit out of the water on the opposite side of the stream. He was about ten yards away from us. He began playing with his balls making his hard dick splash in the water. After a few minutes of this he started playing with his dick squeezing it to make it even harder. At this point I didn't know if we should leave or what.
I was about to say something to Kristen when she sat up facing him and put her book down. He couldn't take his eyes off her perfect breasts. As I said she has 34B's, and they point straight out. Her nipples were as erect as I've ever seen them. She also could not take her eyes off the guy. He began stroking his cock for her.
As we watched I saw movement out of the corner of my eye. The other guy who had been on the nearby rock was now sitting up taking in the action. He also started to jerk off. I motioned to Kristen to take a look. She tore her eyes off the guy in front of us and looked at the other guy now pumping away. As it turned out he had a huge cock. It had to be at least ten inches. She didn't know who to look at.
Both guys were sitting so close by staring at her perfect tits and rubbing their hard cocks. I figured she was getting hot and slid my hand up her leg to her bikini bottom. I began to gently rub her pussy through the thin fabric. I slid my fingers under the leg band and gently stroked her pussy. I'm sure the guy in front of us saw what I was doing, because he started stroking even harder.
I asked her if I could pull it aside to show the guy in front of us. She wasn't ready for that and so we just continued to watch. Within a few minutes both guys were wildly pumping there cocks for her and shot their loads into the stream.
Although I had wanted to do more I was very happy with the way the day had cum out! We returned to the stream several more times that week, but only saw one of our "friends" doing his thing again. Our new sexual experiences were taking off.
While we continued our vacation Kristen found that she enjoyed posing for my picture taking. When we arrived home we continued taking pics of her "flashing" me in many different locations. We took them in shopping centers, parking lots, parks and just about any place we could think of. I don't think anyone ever saw us, but I was secretly hoping someone would. We were continuing to find new ways to spice up our sex life.
Around this time Kristen had also taken a new interest in the computer. She began visiting chat rooms that had "adult" content. She easily made new friends. Who wouldn't want to talk to a sexy woman about sex?
She eventually started chatting with a few select guys. They would talk about their interests or more precisely their interests in what they'd like to do to her. She always shared these conversations with me and usually printed them out. After getting to know some of the people she chatted with she asked me to take some photos she could send them.
The pics started out G rated but eventually showed her tits and pussy. The guys always sent her pictures of themselves. She was becoming quite a cock connoisseur.
In one of her first online sexual encounters (as she told me later) her beau , started by asking what she was wearing, eventually building up to asking her to take off her clothing, which she actually did. She also directed him in to describe his cock and stroke it for her while he told her to fondle her tits and rub her clit.
I was asleep by the time she had cum with her suitor. When she came to bed, she slipped in beside me wearing exactly what she was wearing when she finished up online...nothing!
She slipped beneath the blanket and started lightly touching my dick. That didn't wake me so she proceeded to take my cock and start licking it. By the time she circled the head of my cock with her tongue I was fully awake. She sucked my cock until I was ready to shoot.
She suddenly stopped, moved up and straddled me. My dick slid into her dripping pussy still wet from her online conversation. She leaned forward and told me to suck on her already hard nipples while she feverishly rocked on my cock. I love to suck her tits. As I sucked on one I pulled on the other nipple. They were so hard and long. I could press her nip against the roof of my mouth because of its elongated state.
Her rocking continued to increase until she let out an unintelligible moan and went slack. I continued with a few more deep thrusts and unloaded deep in her pussy. Needless to say, I have no problem with her online sexual trysts and I loved taking the photos. Kristen has now moved on to meeting on a website and using a video cam. I love watching her as she plays. On a few occasions the guys brought their wives into the action and I would join in also.
I can't tell you how much I have enjoyed all the new turns our sex life has taken. Look for Part 2 --- cumming soon!