So my freshman year at college was spent pretty much naked, once I had met Jack and had a crush on him. He managed to get me to do anything he wanted and I never objected to him. I might have been screaming in my mind, "Don't do this!", but it never got out of my mind. If he told me to strip, I did. Naked and told to spread my legs, I did. I liked him looking at me. I wanted him to see all of me. I never said no to Jack.
He wanted sex, he got it from me. And the funny and probably the most stupid thing was I never got on birth control, and he did me bare for my entire freshman year. He probably fucked me five times a week for nine months, every time bare, every time shot off inside me.
Jack told me early on that if I got pregnant, we would just get it taken care of. I took him at his word. But if I was late with my period, I was a nervous wreck until I finally got it.
The second year he had written me and told me that he had a town house rented and that I was going to live with him, but not to let my parents know that it was with a guy. So I concocted a story of this girl from school, a fictitious girl of course, that I was going to live off campus with. My parents were fairly trusting, since I had been a fairly quiet, church going girl. If they only knew what I had turned into that first year of school.
So I got there and parked in front of the town house and went up to knock on the door. Jack was there, of course, smirking at me. I got this funny feeling, funny good feeling. He helped me move my stuff in, helped me unpack. He got rid of my bras first thing, not my panties though. Clothes hung up and put in drawers. Got rid of the boxes and put my suitcases away. Nothing had happened, nothing that I expected anyway.
I had expected that he was going to tell me to get naked for him first thing after I had arrived. But that didn't happen.
Jack ordered pizza for us and dumb me thought nothing of it. We just sat and talked while waiting for the pizza, no orders to take my clothes off, nothing. I was enjoying just talking with him.
Then the pizza arrived, a young man, probably a bit older than me was standing at the door. Jack brought me up with him, he paid for it and then had the guy come inside for a minute. Still dumb me, not thinking of anything at all. Jack went and got a dining table arm chair and set it in front of the door. Then he turned to me and smirked.
"We might as well get things started out right for this year, Sabine. Take off your clothes."
I was kind of shocked at first but soon thought, this was just like last year. And I began to get excited. I looked at the pizza guy and he was looking at me sort of funny, until I pulled my shirt over my head. Then I reached behind my back and unhooked my bra, down off my shoulders and my tits were bare. I next got rid of my shoes and undid my shorts, pushing them down so my panties were showing. Kicked the shorts off and away from me. Then hooked my thumbs in my panties and pulled them down, getting more and more excited as each piece came off. The panties off my feet and I looked at Jack, grinning at me.
"You know what to do."
He pointed to the arm chair and I went to it, sat with my ass at the edge, hooked my legs over the arms and leaned back. My tits and pussy on show to a guy I had never seen before and Jack.
"If you want you can feel her tits."
Oh he wanted. He stepped up to me and both hands were all over my bare tits. It felt good, they are sensitive and having my nipples touched just does something to me.
"Pull your cunt open and show him how wet you are."
I reached down and pulled my lips open and I was really wet, already, just from showing off. He took a real good look at my open pussy. The pizza guy didn't want to leave, but he finally did. Jack chuckled as he looked at me naked, once again, for him. But showing myself to the pizza guy had gotten me really aroused again. I liked getting naked for Jack and discovered that doing it again made me hot. But also getting naked in front of a stranger was arousing too.
So we were alone again and Jack took my clothes and put them in my bedroom, leaving me without anything at all to wear. He came back, put the pizza on the coffee table, turned it sideways and had me sit at one end with my feet up by my ass and knees wide so he could look at my tits and pussy.
The whole thing was making me really horny. Sitting like that, with him looking right at my pussy. I hadn't realized until then how much of a turnon it was for me to be naked in front of someone. I had a really bad crush on Jack, which didn't help me at all, because I wanted to be naked in front of him. I really wasn't too keen on taking off my clothes in front of the pizza guy but that was a turnon for me too.
But most likely the biggest turnon for me was being naked while the guys had clothes on. I mean, I liked when Jack got naked and fucked me, but it was almost better to have him dressed and telling me to strip.
So we finished eating and Jack took the leftovers in the kitchen, leaving me nude in the living room and he came back and sat across from me. He grinned at me.
"So Sabine, did you fuck anyone over the summer?"
"No."
"Did you get naked in front of any guys?"
"No."
"Did you think that you'd be doing that when I got in touch with you? That when you got here, you'd be stripping again for me?"
"Yes."
"Do you want to be doing this?"
"Yes."
"Good girl."
I smiled at Jack. My nipples were so hard and my pussy was almost ready to leak.
"OK, for some rules for you, Sabine."
"OK."
"When you come into the town house, either you strip at the door or go right to your room and strip. After that you wear nothing at all. Not until you are leaving. You can wear panties when you go out unless I tell you not to. Understand?"
"Naked in the town house, panties OK unless you tell me I can't wear them."
"Where do you want to strip?"
"Um..."
I thought about that for a bit. I knew Jack would prefer I get naked as soon as possible and wearing clothes for maybe five minutes more was not a real positive for me, so...
"I'll strip at the door."
"No matter who is here?"
Oh God. Oh God. Jack had seen me naked so often it really didn't matter with him, but...
"I'll strip no matter who is here, unless it's a teacher at school."
"Unless it's an art teacher, and I'll tell you if it is. I may have you model for art classes this year, Sabine. Figure studies. Bare ass figure studies."
I swallowed. I wasn't too sure about that, since the teachers and students would see me afterwards on campus. But...
"OK."
It would be kind of exciting. It would be girls too. And I was sure Jack would figure out a way to make it as humiliating as possible for me. As I thought of doing a class like that, I began to feel even more horny than I already was today.
"If you see my cock, I want to fuck. Speaking of which, are you on birth control yet?"
"I have a prescription for BC pills but I haven't filled it yet. I got it at the free clinic before I came to school."
"So you could get pregnant still?"
"I guess."
"So I suppose you don't want to fuck until.."
"It's a month, supposedly before you're good, but if you want to fuck me, I'll fuck, Jack."
"That's good because I'm fucking you, Sabine. Seeing you bare ass again gives me a hardon. And I'm not waiting a month until the pills take hold. I am fucking you bare and I'm going to blow my nuts inside you every time."
I shivered. That was what I wanted. I wanted Jack to do me as often as he wanted, when he wanted, wherever he wanted. I didn't want him to have to wear a condom ever. I wanted to feel him bare inside me, cumming inside me. I wanted to feel his cum running down between my ass cheeks, knowing that it had just been shot into my pussy.
"Last thing, at least once a week, I am going to have you naked in front of a stranger. Completely naked, Sabine. Figure study classes don't count. Oh and it isn't a pussy, remember? What is it?"
"It's a cunt."
"That's right. If anyone asks you, you tell them that you don't have a pussy, you have a cunt."
"I understand. I have a cunt."
That word is bad, I don't particularly like it, but it gives me a little shiver inside when I say it. Jack means for me to say that I have a cunt, but implied is that I am a cunt.
Then he stood up, pushed his shorts and underwear down and sat back down. He had a hardon. He smirked at me, a real dirty smirk.
"Mount up Sabine."
I got up and moved over to him, straddled him, knelt on one side and cocked my other leg up, grasped him and then found my hole with the tip. I sat there for just a moment, looked at Jack and then slid down on him. No lube or playing with me necessary. I was wet as hell.
I took his hands and put one on each tit and then started pumping my ass up and down. He felt good inside me, hot, hard, stiff as hell. I knew I probably wasn't going to get off, this was just for him. Just for him to empty his balls inside me, squirt his cum into me.
That didn't mean I didn't try to get off. I pumped my ass up and down for a few minutes, glad that he didn't cum fast and then slammed myself down as far as I could, then ground my clit against his pubic bone as hard as I could. I was just getting close when Jack tensed up and I knew he was going to cum. He had just been sitting there, letting me fuck him, but now he was bucking up into me and then I felt his cum shooting inside me.
He had been mauling my tits and when the first spurt came he squeezed them hard and he just kept spurting and spurting. He finished and I just sat there, as he softened inside me. When I could feel it leaking out around my hole, I got off of him and knelt, looking at a partly hard cock.
I didn't really like to suck cock, but it seemed right at that moment, so I bent over him, lifted it and sucked and licked him clean of my juice and his cum.
It hadn't been three hours before he saw me naked again, and just about four hours til our first fuck since we left school last spring. The last time had been on a country road, me bare ass and bent over the hood of his car, just his cock out, fucking me.
So done for now, I got up and told him I was going to clean up, went into the bathroom and showered, cleaned my pussy really well. And then we went to bed together. Jack got naked too and we were a tangle of legs, tits, pussy and cock. We fell asleep like that.
I woke up first, Jack on his back and I sneakily slid the covers down. He was sprawled out on his back, cock lolling over a thigh. I slid down the bed, not even thinking that I didn't much like a cock in my mouth and started sucking him. He was asleep when I started, woke up shortly and just laid back and enjoyed what I was doing. He got hard, of course. He was a young man and got hard easily.
I felt pretty dirty and damn excited, thinking about everything that was going to happen to me again this year. So, I pushed his legs apart and a first for me, I got between them and started licking his balls. After a bit Jack moved me around so my ass was up by his face and I was sucking him again. I felt him pull my ass cheeks apart. Then a finger at my asshole, then worked into it.
"Is this virgin?"
I lifted my head a bit.
"Yes."
"I'm going to make you a three holer this year Sabine. I'm going to fuck you up the ass."
"OK."
I was somewhat afraid of that. But I never thought of objecting to it. I figured it would hurt some, but I would at least try it once if Jack wanted it.
So now Jack had a hardon, but he let me get out of bed after I had sucked his cock and licked his balls. I went into the kitchen and Jack followed me. I was standing at the counter and his hand grasped my neck, bending me over it. One of his feet pushed my feet apart and then I felt the tip of him at my hole. It slid into me and Jack pumped me a few times and then pulled out of me. I turned around and looked at it, glistening with my juices, sticking mostly straight up, hard. He chuckled.
"I can fuck you anytime I want, can't I Sabine?"
"Yes."
Then he put it away, chuckling at me. I'm naked and he has shorts and a t-shirt on. He catches me in the kitchen, forces to bend over and just sticks it in.
I'm now in the bathroom, washing my face and Jack bends me over again and sticks it in me. One hand on my neck, pushing me down and fucking me. He gives me about five or six pumps and pulls out again, chuckling. Pulls up his shorts and walks out.
I finish in the bathroom, walk out into the living room and Jack grabs me again, bends me over the arm of the couch and I knew what he was going to do. Holding me by the neck, feet kicked apart and his cock goes up me once more. He's slowly fucking me and the door bell rings. Jack shouts out...
"Come on in, it's open."
I start to struggle more than the minimal struggling I done before, I don't want anyone to see me fucking.
"Well, well, well. Who's the slut?"
My head is down and Jack is still slowly thrusting in and out of me. A body sits on the couch and a hand pushes my head up and it's a girl, smirking at me.
She looks down my body and giggles.
"Nice hanging tits, girly. How does that cock feel?"
I don't say anything.
"Jack, how long have you been fucking the slut?"
"You mean today?"
"Oh, it's more than just now?"
"Oh yeah. I've been fucking her since the second week of school last year. Probably 150 times in all. Every one of them bare."
"That right girly? 150 times?"
I still said nothing. Then I watched her hand go under me and grasp a nipple and pinch it, hard.
"Yes. Yes, yes. Jesus, let go of me!"
She laughed and pinched harder.
"You look good naked with a cock up you. You gonna let him shoot in you?"
She twisted my nipple.
"Ow!"
"Honey, tell me, is he going to cum in you?"
"If he wants."
She let go and laughed at me.
"You look good bare ass. A little chubby, but good. Now tell me has he fucked you 150 times?"
"Probably."
She giggled.
"This is humiliating."
"It's all right honey, I've seen Jack's cock before."
Yeah right. Like I was humiliated by her seeing Jack's cock, that self-same cock shoved right up my pussy, while she grinned watching it. And me naked besides.
Up until she walked in it was kind of fun. Me naked as the day I was born, walking around in front of Jack. He had clothes on. Then with no warning or asking me, he bent me over, stuck it in me and pumped me a few times, then pulled out and pulled up his shorts. A few minutes later and he was doing it again, holding my upper body down and fucking me for a bit, then pulling it out and putting it away. I kind of had an idea but mostly it was a surprise. It was like he'd catch me and fuck me.
But now it was a strange girl who I didn't know watching. Just naked wouldn't have been so bad. Bad enough the first time, but fucking?
She got up off the couch and moved out of my sight, Jack still slowly pumping in and out of me.
"Hey girly, your pussy looks good. Did you know the lips roll out and in as you're fucked?"
I wanted to die. Then Jack said...
"What is it Sabine?"
I wanted to die even more. I knew what he wanted me to say and I didn't want to say it.
Then I did, very softly...
"It's my cunt."
"Pardon me Sabine, I didn't hear you."
I pretty much screamed this time...
"IT'S MY CUNT!"
She burst out laughing. I really did want to die. After she stopped laughing at me...
"Can I invite a couple of guys over Jack?"
"Sure."
She took out her cell and called...
"Hey, would you get Rob and come over to Jack's. Their is someone I want you to meet."
"OK, in about fifteen minutes."
"Bye."
She grinned at me.
"This is going to be so much fun!"
So Jack had me sit in an arm chair, with my legs over the arms, my ass at the edge of the cushion, showing it all, the girl and Jack sitting on the couch across from me, staring at my tits and pussy.
I was pretty much humiliated, but also getting really horny. No clothes on, spread. The bad thing about it was I was getting aroused by this. After a few minutes of her staring at me while I was naked, it didn't seem so bad, except for her seeing me with Jack's cock up inside me and pumping it in and out of me. I was thinking I was a live porn star, except I was this slightly chubby sophmore girl.
As I was sitting Jack asked me...
"Do you know how to make yourself cum?"
It was a fair question, but I felt totally stupid because I had no idea. The fact that I didn't even know my own body well enough to say yes made me feel awfully ignorant.
"No."
"Take a finger and find the little bump at the top of your, what is it again?"
I hung my head and mumbled an answer...
"Cunt."
"I didn't understand that, Sabine."
"Oh for God's sake, it's a cunt, it's a CUNT!"
She burst out laughing again.
"It's so funny to hear that coming out of her mouth!"
"Say it again, Sabine."
"Cunt."
"Tell me whose cunt it is."
"It's my cunt, OK, my cunt!"
They were both smirking at me. I felt dirty, nasty. Then the door bell rang.
"Would you please go answer the door Sabine."
Oh this was just absolutely fucking wonderful. I was bare ass and going to get the door. The idea made me shiver inside. Every new thing was uncomfortable, until I had done it. This was going to be hard, but it was going to be good too.
I swung my legs down from the chair arms and pushed myself up. And as I did, I got that electric tingle in my abdomen. The one that told me that I was going to get even more turned on than I already was.
As I walked to the stairs leading down to the front door, I was both nervous and excited. This was going to be embarrassing and arousing both, in a matter of seconds. I heard the two of them walking up behind me and then nothing. I looked back and they were at the head of the stairs, grinning at me. I got to the door, peered through the side light and saw two guys. My mind just said to me, "Fuck it".
I wasn't totally stupid though. I opened the door hiding behind it. When they walked in I covered my tits and pussy and pushed the door closed with my hip. Giggles from up the stairs.
"Move your hands, Sabine."
I reluctantly but also eagerly lowered my hands to my sides and got a whistle from one of the new guys. I suddenly got really brave.
"Come on upstairs and I'll let you pose me so you can see what you want. I'm guessing that you want me to spread my legs for you, right? So you can see my bare cunt?"
I walked up the stairs slowly, letting them watch my bare ass rolling in front of them, my bare everything. Once I got to the living room I moved the coffee table so it was the short edge facing the couch and got on it.
I sat with my legs together until they had sat down on the couch. Then I rolled my hips up so the globes of my bare ass were more full, leaned back on my elbows so they could still see my face and lifted and spread my legs wide. Everything I had showing to them. A dirty smile on my face. My nipples were hard as stone, my pussy almost ready to leak.
I sat up more and reached down and pulled my pussy lips apart so they could see inside me. I held that pose for a while, then rolled over on my hands and knees, knees wide and looked back at them, showing my ass crack, asshole and pussy and one tit was dangling in their view.
I was so aroused!
I turned to face them, hands and knees, my tits dangling under me and shook them for them. Moved my top from side to side so my tits swung back and forth, slapping together. I just really wanted to let them see all of me.
Jack was standing behind the couch, looking too, with a big smile on his face.
"Are you enjoying this, Sabine?"
"Yes."
"Why do you like it?"
"I just like being naked and having people looking at me. Not spread though, just being naked doing normal stuff."
"So you don't like showing your cunt?"
"It depends on who it is."
Eventually they others left, which was a relief for me. I was OK with my clothes off, but sometimes Jack took things a little farther than I wanted with other people. With him I had no problem with spreading my legs wide and letting him see everything. Depending on the people, sometimes that was OK, but mostly I just wanted to be seen doing things like I would with clothes on, but not wearing clothes, if that makes any sense to you.
I am a contradiction, I know it.
So Jack took me out. We were going to buy some clothes for me, he said. I had on a dress and panties. We went to this one women's shop in the mall. It had dressing rooms throughout the store and Jack found what he wanted in ladies clothes. It was a one-piece thing. It was of stretchy velour material, the bottom like short shorts, the top over the shoulder, but with a deep V and then a zipper that went down to below my navel. He got three colors, light blue, purple and red.
We went to a dressing room and Jack smirked at me. I knew something was up by that. He told me to go into it and change into one of them, but I had to take off my panties too. So I went in and went to close the door, but he shook his head no. I got this nervous feeling in the pit of my stomach, and an excited feeling too. I slipped off my dress, my tits bare and then noticed that Jack wasn't there. I was going to close the door then, but he walked into sight with two other guys. I guess they had been there with wives or girlfriends.
I started to blush. Jack smirked at me.
"Go ahead Sabine."
I just stood there for a moment, the two guys grinning at the dumb blond. I hooked my thumbs in the panties and pushed them down and off. Then I struggled into the outfit. It was tight. I've told all of you that I have a fat pussy, a meaty pussy. It really showed when I got it pulled up in the crotch. My pussy was a lump between my legs and I looked in the mirror and the way I had pulled it up, the outline of my slit was showing. The V was down far enough on me, that you knew that I didn't have a bra on. You know about how my nipples are almost always at least partially erect. Well, you could tell that about me too. I had two pencil eraser sized bumps where each tit was covered. Jack had me turn around and the stretchy material had lifted and separated my ass, so it was in my ass crack. I usually don't like thong panties, but this felt good. I looked in the mirror at my ass and liked how it looked on me.
"Try another one."
I unzipped the short zipper and pushed it off my shoulders, down a bit and my tits were out again, when a woman walked up and looked at me, in the changing room with door open and three guys standing there looking at me. One of them had be with her. She looked at me and I had stopped taking it off. She gave me a dirty grin and moving closer to see me better. I swallowed and worked it down over my hips and my pussy came into view. I got it down and then off, so I was nude.
"Turn around Sabine, slowly."
So naked, I did a slow turn, showing my bare back and ass and then back to facing them. My nipples were fully erect now. I picked up a different color and struggled into it. It fit me the same as the first one, lump of pussy, my slit outlined, hard nipples poking through it, turned and my ass crack prominent. My cheeks lifted and separated.
"Another one, Sabine?"
"I don't think I should."
"Why?"
"I'm, ah, getting moist."
The woman giggled.
"OK, well then take it off and we'll get all three."
So I struggled out of it, getting nude again, in front of three strangers and Jack. I started to put on the panties.
"No Sabine, we don't need those right now."
I was holding them, ready to put one foot in, and just sighed.
"I'll hold them for you."
Jack was about six feet out from the dressing room, the others next to him In a line. Oh well. I balled them up in my hand and walked out to him and handed them to him. Turned and walked back, nude to my dress. I slipped it on and did it up. Then I picked up the three things, I had no idea what to call them. I stepped out of the dressing room and the woman stepped up to me and lifted the bottom of my dress so my pussy and ass where showing. In a soft voice, quiet...
"You're a slut, aren't you?"
"I guess."
Jack took the outfits and we walked to the cash register and he bought them for me. Then to a shoe store where he chose three types of heels for me, higher than I am used to, maybe 3 inch heels.
He asked the salesman...
"If she gets naked in the backroom, can I get a discount?"
I knew Jack had money, from freshman year, so he didn't need money off. He could afford the shoes easily. But he bartered my bare ass for 10 dollars off on each pair of shoes.
So I ended up in the store room, taking off my dress for the salesman. Standing face on to him, bare ass, then turning to show him my ass. Then my dress back on and out to the register where Jack had me lift my dress in the front so he could see my slit while he rang up the sale. Which also included thigh high stockings that Jack picked out in beige, black and white.
Then he took us to the car and then to an adult store where he bought a flesh colored life like dildo. I didn't like them, preferred the real thing and I was re-thinking my relationship with Jack. As much as I liked all the things he had me do, all the things I did for him, I really didn't want to use a dildo.
Back at the town house Jack pressured me to use it. I sat back, nude on the couch and looked at him. I was still doing what he wanted, I was naked again, he was dressed. It had become my new normal. But...
"I don't want to use that thing. It's disgusting."
"Come on Sabine, it's just like my cock."
"No, it's not. And you probably want me to use on myself in front of other people. You want me to demean myself for your gratification. As much as I like being seen, being naked, there are somethings I don't want to do."
"Ah, Jesus, what could I do to make you change your mind?"
"Let me think."
We sat in silence for a few minutes.
"You get naked in front of my friends."
"What?"
"You show off your, uh, junk to my friends. It's not like any of them don't know what a guy looks like. We've all had the health classes with drawings of penis's and testicles. So it's not like it would be anything they don't know about."
"But..."
"No buts, Jack. You do it, for let's say, the next four weekends. I am naked everyday. You get naked for two days a week for four weeks. Eight days, Jack. And anyone that I invite over here gets to see it, all of it."
I knew that Jack didn't want to do this. I didn't care. I wanted him to feel like I was feeling.
I could see the wheels turning in Jack's mind. Playing out the details, who would see him, when, how much, if he could deal with it.
"I'll do it, but just for one girl. Not a bunch of them."
I had him now. I could get more than one to see him. I could figure that out. I'd get him just like he had gotten me. We'd be even. And I could keep doing what I liked, even if it was demeaning. Just thinking about how many people had seen me naked over the last year was arousing for me. But I know wanted to get some of my own back. Let him feel a little bit of humiliation. Feel a little bit demeaned. Listen to girls giggling at his dick.
"Ok, we'll start tomorrow morning, Jack. Get that dick ready to be seen."
I giggled and spread my legs wide. I looked at his automatic reaction to look at my bare pussy. I moved my ass to the edge of the couch and grinned at him.
"Want some pussy Jack? Get your clothes off and stick it in me. I'll fuck your ass off."
It didn't take him long to drop his pants and drive it into me. He liked fucking me because I didn't make him wear a condom and didn't tell him to not cum inside me. I could feel his balls slapping on my ass as he thrust into me. He lasted a good while and made me cum before he shot off inside me.
Later I sucked him hard again and let him fuck me again. He lasted much longer than the first time and I rubbed my clit as he pumped me. I had two orgasms the second time.
Then we went to bed. I had my own bedroom in the town house, but so far I had never used it. I was always nude and I always slept with Jack. He liked to be able to feel me in bed with him and liked to feel my bare tits and pussy. I liked that a lot also. The next morning was Jack's first moment of truth. My friend Sandy had come over shortly after I woke up. I had made some coffee and we sat in the kitchen, talking. I had slipped on a robe and I could tell Sandy was wondering about me. So...
"You're sort of staring at me Sandy, why?"
"Um, like what are you doing here with him? I mean, is it like boyfriend-girlfriend type stuff?"
"Ah, well actually, it's more like embarrass me type stuff, Sandy."
"Like what?"
"Like I sort of take off my clothes when I come in."
"What? You get naked?"
"Yeah, I do."
"In front of him?"
"Yeah. A lot, everyday."
"I don't believe it of you."
I undid the robe and opened it. Sandy's eyes almost bugged out.
"I don't believe it. You are so damn straight-laced, Sabine. I cannot picture you naked in front of a guy. Has he, have you, ah, let him, ah..."
"What?"
"Have you had sex with him?"
"Yeah. A lot. I haven't really counted but figuring from last year and stuff, like over 150 times."
"Holy cow!"
"Want to know why you're here, Sandy?"
She nodded.
"I got him to promise to get naked in front of a girl other than me."
"Why did he?"
"He bought this um, fake penis and he wants me to use it. I won't unless he gets naked in front of someone I picked out. You're the start of it."
"Start?"
"I'm going to get him in front of you, in just underwear and I want you to pull them down. I want you to touch him, see if you can get him hard. And I'm going to have three other girls come in and see him too. Kind of even the score."
"Um, even the score?"
So I proceeded to tell her all of the dumb things I had done the previous year, like the amateur contest and everything. She didn't believe it. I told her it was the truth. If she didn't believe me, she could bring some guys over on Monday and see for herself. But first she had to do her best to embarrass Jack today.
I could tell she was thinking about it, seeing him naked and the more she thought about it, the more she wanted to do it.
So I did up my robe and went back, woke Jack up and told him it was "Showtime" and handed him a pair of his boxer briefs to put on. Then I told him to come out to the kitchen.
I went back to Sandy and got some more coffee and sat down with her. Eventually Jack walked in. In his boxer briefs, his partially erect cock showing down one of the legs.
"Stand in front of Sandy, Jack."
He started getting red in the face but he stood in front of her. Sandy was really nice looking. She had this naughty smile on her face.
"I hear you want to show off?"
"I don't."
"Then why are you here?"
"I want Sabine to do something, and this is what she wants for it."
Sandy reached out and took a hold of his briefs. Jack got a lot redder. She slowly pulled them down part way, his pubic hair beginning to show. Her smile got dirtier.
"How does this feel big boy?"
Jack said nothing, red as hell.
A little further down and the base of his shaft was beginning to show.
"Should I do more?"
He still said nothing, and Sandy then pulled them all the way down. Jack's cock and balls showing, partially hard, but not getting any harder. Sandy giggled.
"Get them off, big boy."
Jack got his feet out of the briefs and stood there. Sandy reached out and with one finger, under the tip, lifted him up. She cupped his balls and Jack groaned.
"Are you going to get hard, big boy?"
Sandy rolled his balls in one hand and Jack started to jerk up a bit, then down, then up, then down, progressively getting harder and harder. Standing in front of a dressed girl. I didn't count, I had seen his cock a lot of times.
Finally he was fully erect. Sandy sat back and smirked at him. I left the kitchen and Jack didn't even notice. I went to the front door and let in three other girls that I knew. I motioned them to silence and led them to the kitchen. They came up behind him and Jack didn't notice at all, because Sandy had a grip on his dick and was looking up at him. They peered over his shoulders and one of them...
"Nice dick!"
I thought he was going to jump 5 feet in the air. His head snapped around and saw the three of them and then he looked for me.
"Sabine, you bitch!"
"Fair is fair, Jack. How many times have you done this to me?"
He was starting to lose his hardon, when one of the new girls grabbed it and started stroking it. He got hard again almost immediately.
"Two days Jack, I get. Two whole days with you bare ass. I think I'll make you jack off for them too."
She let go of him and he was standing straight up, hard as hell, all four of them giggling at him.
"I'm going to get even Sabine."
"It's already set up Jack. I told Sandy to bring some guys over on Monday. The day after your two days. But until then, you are my toy boy."
He was still red-faced but he was hard as hell, no clothes on and it was going to be a fun two days for me!