My wife, Kim used to be very demure and conservative. Then all of a sudden, almost without warning, she blossomed. I had been subtly trying to get her to show off more since we were married thirteen years ago. Finally she relented one evening and, by the multiple orgasms she had, I'd say she enjoyed it.
Since that she has started dressing sexier. She does not wear see through tops or ridiculously short skirts, but her wardrobe has become more daring. Kim bought a few more thin sundresses and shorter skirts. Her blouses have gotten a little thinner and necklines a little lower, and bras have become all but unheard of.
We visited Tina and her boyfriend Larry. Tina and Kim are co-workers. One day, after Tina caught Kim in her office half naked, they formed a little club. The Pantiless Sisterhood. It is a club of two. We had invited Larry over a few weeks ago to watch a football game and things got a little out of hand. Kim had walked out in a towel in front of Larry. She had got so excited teasing him, she ended up masturbating in front us. Ending in her having an earth shattering orgasm on the couch between Larry and I.
The four of us used to be pretty close. We had often gone to dinner together and to movies. I always thought that Kim had a little crush on Larry, but she never acted on it. Larry's wife, Tina, has always been fairly attractive. She is a small girl, with blond and a pleasant face. It is her very large breasts that really make men take notice. That coupled with the fact that she has always worn clothing that accentuates her figure, usually has me trying to hide a growing erection. So, I have always had a little thing for her.
We stopped by one weekend for a visit. After some chitchat, Larry gave us a tour of their house, which included a new pool. We sat around the pool for a while, having drinks and talking some more, when Tina suggested we all go swimming. Neither Kim nor I had brought a swimsuit. Tina told us not to worry, as they had extras.
Now, Larry is roughly the same build as I am, so the suit he lent me was fine. When Kim came out from putting her borrowed bikini on, she had put her t-shirt on over it. She had a strange sheepish look on her face as she came over and sat next to me beside the pool.
As Larry and Tina were getting more drinks, Kim leaned over and whispered in my ear. "Tina's bikini doesn't fit me."
"That's okay, Larry's suit is a little loose on me. I'm sure yours looks fine."
"No, you don't understand," she said pleadingly, looking toward the house where Larry and Tina were. "It really doesn't fit."
"Let's see," the embarrassed look on Kim's face was getting me interested.
"They are going to come out any minute," she whispered looking toward the house again.
Now I had to see how the bikini was fitting her.
"Just let me see. I'm sure it's not that bad."
With a last glance at the house, she lifted her t-shirt up past her chin. She was right. Kim is much less amply endowed as Tina. She had the yellow bikini top tied as tightly as she could, but the cups fit her very loosely, allowing you see a good portion of her breasts under the loose cloth. As for the bottoms, they just barely hung on Kim's hips since she has thinner hips than Tina. The bottoms hung from her hipbones and gapped around the crotch.
"It looks fine,' I lied." Besides you will be in the water, so no one will really see anything."
"Are you kidding me," Kim countered. "My boobs don't even begin to fill out this top."
Just then, Tina and Larry came back out with the drinks and Kim quickly covered back up with her shirt. After some more drinking and talking, Tina suggested we cool off in the pool. Tina's red bikini fit her better, tight in all the right places while still allowing her to bounce enticingly.
"Come on, let's get in the water," she said pulling Kim to her feet. Kim pulled back, mumbling something about not wanting to get her hair wet. Tina wasn't listening and pulled at Kim's shirt, lifting it up past her boobs.
"Yeah Kim," I prodded. "Why don't you get in the water? After all this is a pool party." Kim shot me a dirty look, and then I could see a light go on in her eyes.
"Get that shirt off and get in the water, girl," Tina laughed.
Kim, rather than cause a scene fighting to keep her shirt on, just shrugged and pull the shirt the rest of the way off. Kim stood there trying to explain that the suit did not fit very well. Tina took one look at Kim and her eyes went wide. The bikini top had shifted a little and one very erect, very pink nipple was peeking out.
Kim crossed her arms in front of her chest, "See I told you it didn't fit!"
Tina grabbed her arm, "What are you talking about? It fits you better than it fits me."
"Tina, I am completely on display," she said a little too loud to be convincingly embarrassed. Her breathing was getting ragged and I could tell she was excited. Her eyes locked onto Larry, as she slowly pulled the top back into place hiding her erect nipple. Now that she had Larry's attention, I wondered what she was going to do with it.
Turning around, she complained about the fit of the bottoms. "These are practically falling off of me," she wailed. The fabric was hanging low on her hips, exposing a good portion of her pale belly. A distinct tan line ran across her ass, and the loose bottoms gapped enough to exposed a good four inches of flesh that had rarely seen the sun.
"Look if it makes you feel any better, I will adjust my bottoms so they are like yours." Tina turned around and pulled her bikini bottoms down until about six inches of ass crack was on display. But unlike Kim, she did not have a tan line. Either she tanned wearing a thong, or nothing at all.
I was still processing the image of Tina lying by the pool in the buff, when Larry interjected. "It's still not fair...your swimsuits I mean. Your top still fits but Kim's doesn't," he stammered out the last part, his eyes fixated to Kim's bikini top. It had shifted again, allowing about half of her nipple to bask in the sunlight. Kim glance down, but made no move to fix her wayward top. Either she had missed seeing her exposure, or she was deliberately teasing Larry.
"Since Larry is so concerned with equity here, I will loosen my top a little. Just in the interest of making you more at ease, Kim." Tina held her top with one hand while untying it behind her. She loosened the strings and retied it behind her. Now her red top was literally draped over her breasts, the strings barely tied around her back. Her nipples, hard and very evident beneath her top, were dangerously close to popping out. This was getting good.
"Now can we go swimming?" Tina asked no one in particular. Kim shot me a smile, her nipple still half exposed. She and Tina turned and jumped into the pool. I looked at Larry and we both shrugged and jumped in after the girls.
I swam up to Kim and hugged her from behind. My erect penis nestled nicely between her bare ass cheeks. Her bikini bottoms had slid down when she dove in the water. She leaned her head back and whispered in my ear.
"I was going to ask you if this was alright, but I can tell that you like it." She wiggled her ass against my groin and giggled. "I think Larry may have seen my nipple when my top slipped."
"He certainly liked what he saw," I told her glancing toward Tina and Larry, who were at the other end of the pool splashing each other. "You wouldn't be trying to tease him, would you?"
"Of course not. It was an accident," she said sheepishly, biting her lower lip for added effect. "If I'm not careful, who knows what other kind of accidents might happen." She knew how to work her charms on me. She kissed me, quickly pulled her bottoms back into place and swam off toward Tina and Larry.
Tina was busy trying to splash Larry. Her bikini top was doing nothing to hide her very bountiful breasts. With each splash, she bounced and jiggled. Finally, Larry grabbed her by the shoulders and dunked her. After a second or two, she came up sputtering. Her top had slipped down, exposing one of her huge globes to the three of us. She stood there clearing her wet hair from her face, not realizing the show she was giving us. Her exposed nipple was as hard as a bullet and like her ass; there was not a tan line to be found. She was no stranger to tanning nude. She followed our stare down to her uncovered breast. Letting out a yelp, she plunged back under the water. Larry and I started laughing, as she slowly reemerged tying her top back in place.
"Nice show, honey!" Larry applauded. Tina's face was bright red with embarrassment, but her nipples told a different story. They were hard as pebbles under her bikini top.
"Perverts!" she yelled as she turned and swam over to Kim. The two of them huddled together for a few minutes, before diving under water and swimming over to us. Larry and I watched as Kim swam up to Larry and Tina swam up to me. Still underwater, the girls grabbed our swimsuits from behind and tried to pull them down. I was able to fend off Tina pretty well. She only got my suit down to just below my hips. Kim seemed to have fared much better. She was able to pull Larry's suit down exposing his bare ass, as he had twisted facing away from Kim.
After seeing that Kim had gotten Larry's suit almost the entire way off, Tina quit struggling with my suit. Kim had wrapped her arms around Larry's waist and was trying to pull his trunks down his legs. Her breasts were rubbing against his back. Larry made a little spin move and ended up facing Kim. She let out a little yelp and quickly let go. This gave Larry the opportunity to either cover up or go on the offensive. He chose the latter. Forgoing decency, he grabbed Kim and pinned her arms behind her back.
Now she was helpless. Larry was a good foot taller and outweighed her by at least 80 pounds. Her breathing was labored with the exertion from the battle for Larry's trunks. Kim stood there vulnerable, her breasts thrust out against the wet fabric. The struggle had caused her top to shift a little and her left breast was just millimeters from being exposed. Her bikini bottoms had slid down on the right side, exposing most of her right hip and a good portion of her ass cheek.
"Now you are going to pay," Larry crowed, looking at me for approval. After a quick nod from me, Larry reached between his chest and Kim's back and pulled the bikini tie from around her neck. Her top dropped to her waist. Kim struggled for a few seconds, and then realizing that it was useless, she relaxed.
She was just standing there, her bare breasts heaving and Larry still holding her arms. Water dripped from her breasts and very erect nipples. I thought that she would continue to try to get away, but she simply stood there. I could see that Larry's trunks had slipped down further. I'm sure that she could feel his bare erection nestled between her ass cheeks through the thin fabric of her bikini. I could see Kim rocking her hips ever so slightly against Larry's lap.
After almost a full minute of this, Tina went up as if to help Kim. I could see Larry give me a wink from behind Kim. I took a chance on what he meant and moved up behind Tina. I quickly grabbed Tina's arms like Larry had done with my wife. A brief struggle, the same resignation that Kim had shown and there we stood facing each other.
"It looks like we have a stand off," I said.
"Well, things are not even," Kim said, looking directly into Tina's eyes.
I took the hint and untied Tina's top, letting it fall into the water. Tina and Kim stood helpless; their eyes locked onto the others breasts.
"Things still aren't completely even," Larry ventured from behind my wife.
With a quiet giggle, Tina moved her left hand down a little and took hold of my swimsuit waistband. She paused for a moment and them began pulling it down. I just stood there as she slid my trunks down my body. As Larry, Kim watched, her hips never stopped grinding against Larry. I let go of Tina's left arm and she slid my trunks down over my erect penis. My hard member sprang up and came to rest in the valley between her half naked ass cheeks. Now we were even.
Kim looked into my eyes, and I saw just how excited she was. Her breathing was ragged and I had never seen her nipples harder. Her hips continued their slow gyrations against Larry's groin. Then Larry began pushing Kim closer to Tina and me. I pushed my erection firmly between Tina's ass cheeks, she leaned forward and their nipples were rubbing together. I heard a soft moan escape Tina's lips. I still had Tina's one arm held behind her, but she was far from trying to get away now. She pushed further forward and Kim and Tina's breasts were rubbing firmly together. Both women had their eyes closed, enjoying the feeling of their nipples sliding across each other.
Kim's breathing came quicker and I could see that her hands were clutching Larry's bare hips. From behind, he was pushing against Kim rubbing his bare penis against her ass. She was caught up in the heat of the moment. Feeling Larry's hard penis pressing between her ass cheeks and her best friend's nipples rubbing against her own, her orgasm washed over her.