Author's Note: I goofed a bit when I started writing about Erica's adventures. I honestly didn't anticipate continuing to write a series, so they're named in a confusing way. The correct order is as follows:
A Walk in the Night
Lunch with a Friend
Working Late
Consequences of Exposure
and now Road Trip!
I hope you're enjoying the story thus far.
----------------------------------------------------
After her experience with Amanda, the rest of Erica's week was interesting, if surprisingly uneventful. While there had been no further exposure by either of them, there was a definite warmth growing in her relationship with her boss.
There was also the curiously arousing notion that there was a faceless security person watching her in the building. She now knew that the elevator had a hidden camera, as did the main lobby, and that there were several in the parking garage.
All throughout the week, her thoughts kept drifting back to this anonymous audience, and she kept thinking of giving both them and Amanda an encore.
It was much earlier than her last adventure, which had the added excitement that she could potentially get caught by others. At 5:30, most of the office had emptied out, and she noticed that Amanda was still in her office. She leaned in the door, smiled and wished her a great weekend.
"Same to you! Don't do anything I wouldn't do."
"Well, we both know THAT doesn't leave much off the list."
"True! Stay safe."
"You too." She waved and headed to the elevator.
In anticipation of her next move, she'd worn a loose fitting sun dress, with simple snaps up the front. As she approached the elevator, there was another co-worker waiting, so she smiled and walked into the ladies room.
She couldn't help but grin, remembering hiding here waiting for the elevator, naked, and worried she would be found.
This time, she checked her hair in the mirror, waited until she heard the elevator chime and then slowly walked out, hoping to find the area unoccupied.
Luck was with her, and she got in, and pressed the lobby button. As the door closed, she set her large handbag down, and looked up to where she knew the camera was, smiled and waved. Staring directly up, she began unsnapping the buttons holding her dress closed. Her nipples hardened as she exposed her naked body to her unknown audience.
She briefly worried about the elevator stopping on another floor, but again, luck was with her, and she reached the ground floor. She carefully closed the front of her dress, in case there was someone waiting, and held her breath as the door opened.
Clear! She stopped holding the dress together and reached down and retrieved her bag. She stepped into the lobby, and did a quick pirouette for the cameras, and headed out the exit to the parking garage.
As soon as she was in the stairwell leading to the top floor, she set down her bag again, removed her dress and quickly stuffed it in. She walked slowly to her car, savoring the risk she was taking. At this time, it was way more likely to run into someone, and the thought left her weak-kneed with excitement.
Soon, she got to her car, parked carefully in sight of Amanda's office. She opened the trunk, and placed her bag and clothes inside, taking a piece of paper out at the same time. She dialed Amanda's number, bouncing on the balls of her feet as she tensely waited for her to pick up.
"Hey, did you forget something?" Amanda said as she picked up.
"Nope, I just need you to look out your window."
Erica looked up, and spotted the blinds on Amanda's office window move. She heard a gasp on the phone. "Oh my god, are you crazy?"
"Maybe a little. I just wanted to give you something to think about."
"Thanks, now get out of there before you get caught!"
She started the car, and headed out of the garage. She stopped for a long time at the bottom, holding up the sign she'd made, displaying a private email address she'd created just for this purpose. She then opened the gate, and drove slowly home, taking the scenic route.
---------------------
Late Saturday morning, Sandy called her.
"Hey gorgeous! How are you?"
"Great! We've got a bunch to talk about."
"Oh yeah? That sounds like fun." Sandy replied with a laugh.
"You have no idea."
"Well, I have a proposal for you. Can you get some time off?"
"Maybe, why?"
"Tom got me a surprise vacation, but unfortunately, work got in the way, and he can't go. Rather than canceling, he suggested I invite you, since you're really the inspiration for the trip."
"Really? That sounds intriguing, how so?"
"Well, after our little recent adventure, let's say life at home has gotten much more... active."
"I'm glad to be of service."
"Well, the trip is a week at the Golden Sands Nudist Resort, up the coast."
"Oh. That does sound interesting. When do we go?"
"Next Friday evening, returning the following Sunday. I'm kind of sad that Tom can't make it, since it was going to my chance to get him out of his clothes for a week, but if it isn't him, I can't think of anyone else I'd enjoy going there with more than you."
"Let me call my boss and find out. I'll let you know if I can go in a little bit."
"Sure thing! Tell her it's a matter of great national importance. I need to see you butt naked again."
"Ha! I'll call you back in a bit."
Erica hung up, and immediately called Amanda.
"Hey, what trouble are you getting into now?"
"None to speak of, but I only just got up, the day is young."
"In that case, what can I do for you on a Saturday?"
"I just got a call from my friend Sandy, inviting me to go to a resort for a week, as her husband can't make it. Is there any problem with me taking the week after next off?"
"Not at all, I hope you have fun. Just put in the request on Monday."
"Thanks so much, talk to you Monday."
She called Sandy back and gave her the good news.
"This will be great! I haven't done a road trip in ages!"
------------------------
The week went by slowly, but soon it was Friday, and Erica arrived home to get ready. Sandy was going to drive, and considering where they were going, it wasn't like she needed to do a lot of packing.
She quickly put together a small bag, containing toiletries and a few other items for the week. She spent a few minutes deciding what to wear, and soon the perfect outfit dawned on her.
When Sandy pulled up fifteen minutes later, she picked up her backpack, locked the door behind her and headed out to meet Sandy at the car.
"Um. Did you forget something?"
"Nope, I decided this was going to be my outfit. What do you think?"
Sandy looked at her friend with an amused look, as Erica stood before her, wearing sandals and her jeweled butt plug.
"I love it. Let's go."
Erica climbed into the passenger seat, and the air conditioning immediately made her nipples crinkle up, and goosebumps stand out all over her body.
Sandy said "I can see this is going to be a fun trip already. You are crazy by the way.
"We have a four hour drive. Mostly in the dark. Who's going to see?"
"No argument from me, I'm enjoying the view. Did you bring any clothes at all?"
"Nope, we're going to a nudist resort, it seemed like a waste of effort. I decided I wanted to be naked 100% of the time we're away."
She glanced over at Sandy, dressed in a tank top and shorts.
"I dare you to do the same. Leave your clothes in my house."
Sandy grinned and said "How come we always end up naked in cars?"
"I don't know, but you know you want to do it. Besides, it'll be fun to share with Tom later, and let him see what he missed."
Sandy pulled off her tank top, showing her taut breasts, and said "Okay, give me your keys."
She got back out of the car, and shortly returned, naked except for her sandals. and got back in.
"I like the butt plug. I remember that from your office video."
"It really makes me feel completely out of control. I love how it feels."
Erica took out her phone, and took a quick video of her and Sandy to send out to Tom.
They got on the road, music blasting, enjoying the excitement of a week without clothes.
Two hours later, Sandy realized the one important detail she'd forgotten to take care of for the long drive. They were only halfway there, and down to a quarter tank of gas.
"You're not going to believe this..." she said, turning with a worried look to Erica. "We need to stop for gas."
"Okay... that could be a problem. Let's get off the highway and find a less crowded gas station."
Sandy pulled off at the next exit, and the headed down the road until the saw the lights of a gas station up ahead. It was late enough on a Friday night that there weren't any customers there. It was the best they were going to do.
Sandy pulled in to a pump as obscured from the road as she could and pulled out her credit card. At least it was a self service gas station and she could pay at the pump. She took a deep breath, and got out, quickly putting the car between herself and the attendant inside.
Erica sat in the passenger seat, noting the bored clerk, and decided to brighten his evening. She pulled out her credit card and before she could think better of it, opened the door and stepped out.
"What are you doing?" Sandy called out to her.
"We need road trip snacks!" She said with a grin, and headed to the brightly lit entrance.
She stepped into the bright fluorescent light to store, and the clerk looked up, a bored expression on his face. He quickly brightened when he saw her.
"Miss, is everything okay?"
"Never better, just getting some snacks." She cheerfully replied.
She went down an aisle, and grabbed a couple of bags of potato chips and brought them to the front counter, smiling at the clerk, as he stared in disbelief at her pert breasts.
She turned away, slowly moving down the candy aisle, pretending to consider a variety of choices, before picking up a couple of candy bars. She turned back to the counter, and saw that he had his phone out, taking video of her as she walked naked in his store.
He looked startled for a second, until she struck a pose, pushing her breasts out, and laughing. She put the candy bars on the counter, as the front door chime opened, and Sandy strode in, walked up, patted Erica on the butt and said "Well, I couldn't let you have all the fun."
She turned to Erica and said "Can you take some pictures of me with our friend here for Tom?"
With that, she jumped up to sit her naked ass on the counter, and spread her legs, the clerk standing behind her with a stunned expression. Sandy looked directly at the camera, and began playing with herself for the camera.
Suddenly the door chimed again. They all looked startled, as a young couple walked in and noticed the scene unfolding in front of them
Sandy's legs snapped shut and she jumped down from the counter. Simultaneously, the young woman began to laugh. "This is about the last thing I expected to see tonight!"
Her boyfriend stood grinning at the two lovely naked women in front of him. Luckily, she wasn't offended, mainly because it would be impossible for him to avoid staring.
She took out her phone and took a picture of Erica and Sandy. "Nobody is ever going to believe this! Can I take a picture of you with my boyfriend?"
"Sure, why not?" Erica said, glancing at Sandy. The young man looked startled, as the two naked women came up on either side of him. They both felt his hands resting lightly on their asses, as his girlfriend began snapping away.
Sandy turned to the clerk "Do you want some pictures with us too?"
"Hell yes! he said, coming around the counter, and handing his phone to the young man.
Soon he was hugging both women close, his hands grabbing at their pert breasts. A few poses later, and Eric said "I want to pose with her as well."
The young woman looked a little surprised for a moment, but quickly joined the two naked women. She stood in the middle, and Erica and Sandy each posed while holding one of her breasts.
"No, not quite right." Erica said, and began pulling the girl's t-shirt up, against her feeble protests. With the t-shirt off, she started working on the bra, freeing the young woman's ample breasts.
At the same time, Sandy knelt down and began working on the fasteners on her cutoff shorts. "You naughty girl!" she exclaimed, as the shorts came down, revealing a tiny black lace thong.
The girl gave a token protest, as both Erica and Sandy knelt to either side, pulling down the panties as both the clerk and her boyfriend kept taking pictures. Soon she was naked, and the three continued to pose for the camera.
Sandy turned to the clerk and asked if he had a shopping bag. He quickly returned with one, and she gathered up the young woman's clothes and stuffed them in.
"I dare you to get home like this."
The girl nodded with a nervous grin, and Sandy handed the shopping bag to her boyfriend. "No cheating now."
"Oh, I guarantee she's not wearing anything for the rest of the night." He responded.
"We have to go now," Erica said as she turned to the clerk. "Can you ring us up?"
"Can I have a pen and paper?"
He gave her one, and she tore it in half, giving both the clerk and the couple her new email address. "Please send me your pictures, I'd love to see them."
They walked out the door, quickly followed by the other couple, his arm tightly around her now naked body.
They drove off towards their destination, the other couple heading their own way.
The clerk sat behind the counter, slowly replaying he security footage, as he lightly pulled the tiny black thong through his fingers.