Literotica Dare: Walk around the entire office building once...completely naked except for a butt plug.
This one was going to be tricky. My office building is rather large, it takes up an entire block, as it's occupied by several different companies on each floor. I was only going to have my lunch break to do it, as I had a dinner date with my husband that night.
I stood at our third floor office window and looked down, trying to gauge the route.
The best bet was to go down to the first floor and exit the main hallway out the back. I could stash my clothes behind the dumpster and then walk around the building towards the main street first. If I stayed low no one would see me out the windows and there was a fence on the other side. Then the front of the building would be tough...my best option was to sprint across the front as fast as I could and as low as I could.
It would not be dignified or sexy. But the front was all parking, so just cars. I'd be going a bit into the lunch rush so hopefully everyone would have left to go grab food by the time I'm going around the front. Then the far side would be the most difficult, as there was another office building there. Then I'd be back at where I started and could get dressed.
I shifted my feet as I looked out the window, already feeling a little too full with the small princess plug in my ass.
"I have a question for you." A voice said.
I turned around and Cassie stood there, arms crossed. In my office of 80 people, Cassie was one of 6 women. She never really seemed to like me, even though we were friendly enough. I had the job promotion she probably thought she deserved, even though I started two years before her -- and I always thought that was the reason.
"Hey Cass, what's up?" I said, ready to walk away.
"What's Literotica?" She asked.
I froze.
"What?" I asked.
"Literotica. You left the page up on your computer. Officelady1. It's like a sex page?"
A million answers flashed through my brain. She smirked.
"Busted, huh?" She stepped closer. "You know, I kind of admire that. The adventurous woman. I looked it up -- saw your stories. Are those real?"
I didn't know what to say. My heart was in my throat.
"I liked the one where you got naked after work and almost got caught by the janitor. I bet you would have made his night."
My mouth opened and closed. I was doing my best fish impression.
"Anyways, I didn't mean to make you feel uncomfortable, but I support you fully. I think women should be more liberated and comfortable. That's really cool of you. Your secret is safe with me, but maybe be more careful next time." Cassie said.
She turned and walked back to her desk. I practically ran to my computer. To my dismay, my Literotica profile was still up. Somehow I just left it up, as I checked it for story comments. I deserved that. But she had been very cool about the whole thing and I actually appreciated that.
A few hours later it was lunch. As people headed to their cars or the kitchen I waited a few minutes, then headed towards the door. I saw Cassie talking to Brad, both of them watching me with a small smile as I left and I smiled back.
It didn't hit me until later that if Cassie had read my stories, I actually had named Brad in one of them. That was a mistake.
I headed down to the ground floor.
Stepping out into the sunlight I quickly walked behind the dumpster, checking around the corner for any people. No one. Coast was clear.
In one move I pulled my dress up, over my head, folding it neatly and hiding it behind the dumpster. I hadn't been wearing anything under the dress. I reached back and put pressure on the butt plug. I was already dripping wet. I kicked off my flats.
Time to go. Phone in hand, I started moving.
The pavement was hot under my feet and the heavy humidity made me start sweating immediately. I felt decidedly un-sexy running like this. Very insecure about all the jiggling.
I stayed low and quickly headed to the corner, easily making it to the far end. I peeked around the next corner - the lot was wide open. Just a few cars in the lot. They all looked empty. I stayed low and ran across the front of my office building. The sheer insanity of what I was doing hit me like a bag of bricks. If I got caught...I pushed that thought from my mind and kept moving.
I came around the last corner and kept going -- it was already almost over. I was breathing heavily and was dripping both sweat and dripping between my thighs. I reached the last corner and looked around again. Coast was clear.
Too easy.
Scampering to the dumpster I reached around for my dress. It wasn't there.
Panic gripped me. I reached deeper. Nothing. It was gone. I quickly looked inside the dumpster. Only trash. It was actually gone. My dress was gone.
I was standing there completely naked.
My phone buzzed.
Cassie was calling. I answered.
"Hey, you left something behind the dumpster but we have it in the office for you" She said.
I heard Brad laughing in the background.
I was in trouble.
"Hide in the dumpster, there's people coming." Cassie ordered.
I looked straight up. There on the third floor stood Cassie and Brad looking down on me. They waved.
Then I heard the voices behind me. Without thinking I climbed up and over into the dumpster, laying on a pile of black bags that reeked of garbage cooking in the sun. The voices came right up to the dumpster. I stayed completely still as a bag of Arby's was tossed in, landing on my stomach. Then the voices went inside.
I put the phone back to my ear.
"Let's figure out what happens next, shall we?"
I was in HUGE trouble.