This is part three of my experiences from 4 years ago. Thanks for taking the time to read and please feel free to leave me any comments or questions.
______
"Caroline, can I speak to you for a second?" said Paul
"Of course Paul." I said as I caught my breath.
Our contemporary dance class had just wrapped up and I was sweating profusely. I was taking off my dance shoes and swapping them out for my street shoes when he walked over.
"This entire week it's been like you've been almost a different person in class." Paul continued. "It seems like there's more freedom to your dynamics and movements. I'm not sure what the change has been, but wow, seriously, keep it up."
My roommate Gabi who had been within earshot gave me a knowing look as she came closer. "I told you!" She remarked. I had told Gabi all about my modeling experience with Ron the week before and she immediately noticed how it had affected my dancing. I had noticed as well. Two weeks previously I had always felt self conscious of bringing my feminine side to my art. I was fine being graceful and poised, but not sensual or even womanly. Now, I felt less inhibited about touching my body, spreading my legs apart, or moving my hips in a way that suggested sexuality. Suddenly I didn't care what people thought of me moving in that way. Quite the opposite. More and more I'd been enjoying the attention and feeling of power it gave me to exhibit this new side of myself.
Gabi's jaw had dropped when I told her the whole story about how far the photo shoot had gone and she was dying to see the final images. Ron had said that it would take a few days for him to get all of the photos together, edit them, and that he'd call me when they were ready to look at.
I finished tying my shoes and pulled on a pair of red shorts over my white leotard. Gabi and I walked a little ways off campus and met up with her friend Kristen for lunch. Most of our friends had left for the summer, but we had decided to stay in school, mostly because we knew we needed to keep up our dance rehearsals to stay sharp, but also we wanted to try out for a dance company that did a few small artistic performances throughout the year. We had met Kristen, a super cute girl from San Antonio, who was a theater major during a school performance, and she and Gabi had clicked immediately. We sat together on a wooden bench, with Gabi next to me and Kristen across the table from us.
I heard my phone ping as I received a text. I picked up my phone and the text was from Ron. "Caroline, sorry it has taken me a while to get all of the photos on my computer, but they are ready if you'd like to swing by later this afternoon around 6."
I showed my phone to Gabi who immediately gushed "Oh my God! I'm so excited!" while she wrapped her arms around me.
"Relax Gabi!" I said, but I was feeling anything but relaxed. I had butterflies in my stomach. Not only from getting to see the photos, but this would be the first time I'd seen Ron or his wife since the shoot. I was wondering what our relationship was going to be after such an intense experience. Was it just a professional artistic relationship? It was all new territory for me, and I had no idea who I would even begin to talk with about it.
"What are you both so excited about?" Kristen chimed in.
Gabi looked at me to see if she had permission to talk about my experience and I shrugged my shoulders to say "It's totally up to you."
"Last week Caroline modeled for a photographer she had met and he wanted her to come by to see them."
"That's cool," Kristen replied. "That couldn't have been the first time you've had photos done. I mean dancers get photos pretty often. How was it? What'd you model?"
Gabi looked at me while I once again shrugged.
"Nada." Gabi said.
It took a moment to register, but then I saw the meaning click in Kristen's mind. "Wait, you modeled nude? You? Holy crap Caroline! I mean if Gabi did it I wouldn't be surprised at all! But you?!? I mean you are stunning, so who wouldn't want to see you naked. I don't know if I'm more shocked or impressed!"
Gabi was punching me in the shoulder with both hands as she couldn't control her excitement and I replied "No one is more surprised than me!"
Kristen pressed us for details and we filled her in without going into too much detail. She kept looking at me as if I were someone new she was just now meeting, still trying to reconcile her idea of who she thought I was, to the person sitting in front of her now. After we finished Kristen was smiling ear to ear.
"Caroline, all I can say is that I'm really proud of you for taking such a big step out of your comfort zone. Is that something you'd want to do again? If so, I know a couple of photography students that would die to be able to photograph you! Nude or otherwise."
"Let's all slow down here." I said to Kristen. " Let me see how these images turn out and then we'll talk about it."
I turned my attention back to my phone, texted Ron that I'd be free later this afternoon and that I'd love to swing by and see how they turned out. I waited a few moments and he replied that he should be home by 5:30 and just to swing by the house then.
After classes ended I headed home and hopped in the shower so I would be a bit more presentable than my sweat covered dance outfit. I picked out a rose colored jersey tank top and a pair of rolled up black denim shorts. The shirt was one I usually used over a leotard. It was pretty flimsy and showed a fair amount of side boob without a bra. Bra or no bra? It's not like either Ron or his wife hadn't seen my breasts before, so no bra. Driving over to Ron's I was thinking back to our shoot together and thought about how much having his wife Shannon there, watching our shoot and specifically watching me, had turned me on. I'd always enjoyed being on stage performing and felt more alive when dancing for an audience. But being watched like this? Why was it so erotic to me?
My phone pinged again when I pulled up to the light not 5 minutes away from Ron's house. I glanced at my phone. Ron had texted: "Caroline, so sorry but leaving a little late from work. Kyle is there so just feel free to wait. Be there asap."
Shannon had mentioned their two sons, and Kyle being the younger, was going to be a senior in high school this year. Both sons were home for the summer, but really seemed to keep their own schedules according to Shannon. "It seems like I'm eventually going to meet their entire family." I thought.
I pulled up in front of their house and strolled up to the front door, pressed the bell and waited. After about 30 seconds I could hear footsteps from inside and the front door opened. Kyle opened the front door and immediately a look of surprise and then recognition flashed across his face.
"Oh wow! You're Caroline!" Kyle gushed. He opened the door wider and he quickly looked me up and down, his eyes eventually resting on my breasts which were pretty apparent in the thin shirt I was wearing, then catching himself, he remembered to look at my face. Kyle had dark hair, similar to how I imagined Ron must have been at that age. He was close to 6 foot with a high schooler athletic build, the kind boys these days feel they need to impress girls.
"Yeah, that's me!" I replied. "Um, I'm supposed to meet your dad here but he texted and said he was running a bit late but that I could just wait here if that's okay with you?"
"Are you kidding? You are like totally welcome to wait. Come in!" Kyle exclaimed as he opened the door fully inviting me inside. I stepped inside the airy living room that just a week ago I had used as a changing room. Kyle invited me to sit on the couch and asked if I wanted anything to drink?
"Just water would be great."
"So I guess you are a model?" Kyle shouted from the kitchen.
"I'm really more of a dancer, but thought I'd try modeling after your dad offered to photograph me."
"And how was it?" Kyle continued.
"A lot different than I had thought it would be!" I replied. "But your dad made it really easy. He said that he had the photos ready and wanted to look them over together."
As Kyle walked back into the room, there was still a hint of familiarity in how he looked at me. He had a nervous energy, that could have just been him, or caused by the flimsy shirt I was wearing. As he walked over and handed me my water then, surprisingly he sat down right next to me instead of across from me.
"Well, looking at you, I'm sure they are really hot." said Kyle as he leaned in slightly. "So is modeling something you'd want to do more of?"
"I'm not sure." I thought aloud. "Dancers always need current photos. I've done a couple of dance photoshoots, but working with your dad was just totally different from those. Maybe modeling will be useful for my career as a dancer, but who knows?"
"Well someone as beautiful as you could definitely do it for a living."
As we continued talking, it became pretty obvious that Kyle was hitting on me. I was amazed at how confident he seemed in his ability to charm me. Just then Ron walked in and said, "Hey Caroline, so sorry I'm late. I guess there's no need to introduce you to my youngest. How was your day Kyle?"
"Eh, nothing special. Ted and I went to the gym." Kyle answered.
"Caroline, are you ready to check out the photos?" Ron said smiling.
"Totally!" I answered. "I've been excited to see how they turned out for the past week!"
"Okay, come on back to my office and I'll show them to you on my main computer screen." Ron said as he guided me back to his office.
"Nice meeting you Kyle." I said getting up from where we had been sitting together and putting out my hand.
"Yeah, really great meeting you too Caroline. Hopefully I'll see more of you soon." Kyle said as he took my hand and gave it a firm grasp.
I followed Ron back into his office as he clicked on the monitor button. Then he pulled over an extra chair next to his and launched his photo browser. There were lots of little thumbnail images. As he clicked the first one it filled up the screen with a beautiful photo of me wearing my black leotard, turned slightly sideways so that my hips were in profile but both shoulders were visible. The sheerness of the leotard left nothing to the imagination as my breasts were clearly visible through the transparent fabric. Ron slowly clicked from image to image. In the photos I noticed my nipples become smaller and harder. I recalled how excited I had become being watched by Ron and his wife while he photographed me. As I sat there looking at my photos, I felt my nipples start to stiffen again.
"What do you think so far?" Ron asked.
"These are amazing Ron!" I replied. I leaned in towards the screen and I felt my left breast touch the back of Ron's arm. "I love how you cropped this so that my upper body fills the frame." If Ron had noticed, he didn't say anything.
"Thanks Caroline. Yeah, I really loved how your blond hair contrasted against the dark color of the leotard and the dark background. Being able to see through your top adds a sense of depth, and of course shows off what an amazing figure you have." He pointed out.
I felt Ron's arm gently press back against my breast adding a little bit of pressure.
"Now here's where you swapped into the sundress." He said as he moved on to the next set of photos.
These images felt different. I was used to seeing myself as a dancer, but these just showed me in a way I wasn't used to seeing. I looked sexy, sensual, and in control of both. Looking at them made me feel confident and powerful.
"I'm amazed to see myself like this Ron." I said putting my hand on his shoulder.
"Well, then here's the last set."
He clicked the first image and the setting changed to their bedroom. These images were in black and white, and there I was, lying on their bed. I was completely nude and my legs were wide open. Every part of me was visible. I remembered how at that moment I had wanted Ron and Shannon to watch me and desire me. The next image was a lower angle and I marveled at seeing my pussy from this vantage point for the first time in my life.
As Ron slowly advanced through the images the perspective shifted. This was the point at which he handed the camera to Shannon. He had moved between my legs with his arms pushing my thighs apart as he buried his face into me. As I looked at these last images I felt my heart beating in my chest. The last two images were close ups of my face as Ron had brought me to orgasm. My eyes were wide and my mouth was open. I was sweating, my hair was a mess and my expression was something I'd never seen before. Equal parts agony and also ecstasy. Honestly the image wasn't beautiful in a traditional sense, but it had an authenticity to it that I couldn't fully absorb.
"I'm just overwhelmed by these Ron." I said as I hugged him around the neck. "There's so much here that I've never seen in myself!"
"That was mostly my goal Caroline! I'm so glad that you like how they turned out. I put all of the finished images on this drive and this is for you to keep." Ron said as he handed me a small thumb drive.
We talked for a little while about his favorite images until I heard the side door open and Shannon popped her head in.
"Caroline!" She exclaimed as she crossed the room and embraced me warmly. "It's so wonderful to see you again! What did you think of the photos? Ron showed them to me and I am floored by how beautiful you look and my God, you look so hot! They were turning me on just looking at them!"
"I'm really floored by seeing myself this way. I mean I never even imagined I could do something like creating these kinds of images. I really owe it all to Ron." I replied
"He does make magic when people are willing to open themselves up like you did." Shannon said as she pulled away a little but still keeping both hands on my shoulders. "And wow, this t-shirt!"
I raised my arms and did a little pirouette to show off my simple outfit. Shannon moved closer with her eyes locked on my chest, and then raised her hands and placed them softly on my breasts.
"You really do have the most perfect set of tits I've ever seen Caroline." Shannon said as she gave them a small squeeze. "You just have to let Ron photograph you again someday."
"Oh yeah! I'de totally be down for that sometime!" I replied as she withdrew her hands. I halfway wanted to grab her hands and place them back on me. I'd never really been touched like that by another woman, and Shannon's touch felt warm and familiar.
"Actually," Ron posited, "I wanted to ask you about that Caroline. Do you remember the other photo you had mentioned seeing on my website? The one with the tattooed arms holding the woman across her chest?"
"Oh yeah!" I replied as I had mentioned how beautiful and sexy it was during our first conversation about shooting together.
"Well, what would you think about doing something similar to that?" Ron inquired.
"Oh, wow. Um, like how does that even work? Do you have someone in mind to pose with me?
"The male model I used last time is a friend of mine named Alphonso. He's a mechanic and I met him at the garage where I take my car to get worked on. I loved the heavy tattoos on his arms and thought how cool it would be to use those in a photo. Once I'd mentioned I did photography, and he told me he does some modeling for a life drawing class here in the city. We discussed collaborating if the opportunity ever presented itself. When I was discussing ideas with Laurie, the woman in the photo, she said she'd be down to try modeling with him. She'd had plenty of experience but that was Alphonso's first time in front of the camera. Both of them worked well together and there was really great chemistry. The three of us just set some simple ground rules about where to touch and that Laurie would let me know if she started feeling uncomfortable in any way." Ron explained.
"What would the images be like?"
"So, it would be similar to the photo you've seen but I'd love for it to have more expression or passion. I loved the emotion that you showed during our last shoot. I think it would be beautiful to see you bring that into a couples shoot. First off, you'd both be nude." Ron said as he studied my face to see what my reaction would be. "Alphonso's hands would definitely be holding your breasts, and I'd love to do shots where one arm was across your breasts and his hand would be covering your pubic hair. You'd probably see less of you nude in these images, but there's a lot of intimate contact. My hope would be that you could actually feel the emotions of being touched and go with them. I know it's a lot to ask, but I'm just throwing it out there."
As I listened to what Ron was describing I felt my heart rate increase and a nervous energy take over. "It was a lot to ask. Too much." I thought. "Having a stranger touch me in those areas, while we were both naked!?! What if either of us lost control and things spiraled out of control? Would that be so bad? How is this so different from the experience I had with Ron? I barely knew him and yet during our shoot I let him perform oral sex on me. AND it was a really positive experience!"
"Wow, okay. You are right. It is quite an ask, but I really appreciate you being super upfront about all of the details so that I can make an informed decision. Is it okay if I think about it for a while?" I asked.
"Of course Caroline!" Ron exclaimed. "Seriously, take all of the time you want, and if you just aren't interested, it's no problem."
"Yes, you being comfortable is the most important thing Caroline." Shannon chimed in. "If it's just not for you, then it's not."
"Alright, well, let me think about this you guys." I said. "I didn't think the last photos were something I'd do, but look at me now! I'll get back to you about it and again Ron, I can't thank you enough for these photos and just the entire experience." I hugged Ron warmly and then Shannon. "You two are really great and I'm so glad I met you both."
They showed me to the door and I walked out to my car, with my head spinning, thinking about the scenario Ron had laid out. As I drove home I imagined how it might play out. It could be very professional. Laying out rules of where and how to have his hands on me and I would act out the part to the best of my ability. But I also knew that this would be totally new to me. I didn't think I could let myself feel comfortable enough to create what Ron was hoping for. And what if I got so turned on that I blew past whatever limit I might set for myself. The more I thought about it, the more I realized that I was getting turned on.
"Caroline, take a deep breath." I said to myself as I pulled into my driveway. "You don't have to make a decision right now. Just give it a few days and see how you are feeling."
I walked inside and sat down on the couch and pulled out my phone and checked my email. I opened Instagram to do a little mindless scrolling to distract me for a little while. I had one new friend request. I clicked the message icon and I saw that it was Kyle. He had liked a few of my photos and left a message saying "Great to meet you today!" Simple enough. I messaged him back, "Nice meeting you as well!"
I thought about what Kyle had said about modeling. Maybe if what Ron was prososing was too far out of my comfort zone then there were other photographers out there I could work with? I got out my laptop and did a quick google search to look up modeling sites where I could connect with photographers. I scanned through the top sites and I decided on one that felt like it had the widest amount of users. It took me a little while to fill out the basic info, and then I got to a field where it asked what kinds of images I was interested in. Fashion? I guess so. Fitness? Yep. Swimwear, Lingerie? Yep. Art? Bodypaint? Whew, okay it's getting into it now. Sure. Okay. Nudes? Erotic? I think I'm here to start more slowly than just jumping into nudes immediately so I clicked No for those.
The next page prompted me to add a few photos. I had a few dance images that were professional quality so I uploaded a headshot and a couple of dance images. I picked one really casual selfie that I had shot a couple of days ago that really showed off my green eyes. "Should I add one of the photos Ron shot?" I thought.
I plugged in the thumb drive and scrolled through the first set with the sheer black leotard. Most felt very revealing but I eventually settled on one where my body was turned to the side. You could plainly see the shape of my ass since it was a thong, but you could just barely see my nipples. They were there, just not overt. I wrote a quick bio about being a dancer but also a newbie when it came to modeling. Read it over once more and then clicked "Submit."
The next day I called Ron and told him that I felt like it was probably too much for me and he completely understood. He added that if I ever changed my mind, the offer was there if I wanted to try it.
Surprisingly, Kyle had started messaging me quite often over Instagram. Mostly simple messages about photos I had posted, or places been, but there was also a low key flirtiness to them. He always made a comment about me being attractive or features of mine, like my legs or green eyes, that he thought were "so amazing" in his words. It felt a little weird talking with him after the experience I had with his parents, but I just kept my responses short and tried not to lead him on.
Five days had passed and I received an email notification that my profile had been accepted. I went to my page and found 25 messages waiting for me, all inquiries about working together from a variety of photographers. Some were from out of state but most were local. It took a while to read all of the messages, and look through their portfolios before finally settling on a photographer named Miguel. His photos were primarily black and white and pretty artistic. Most of his shoots were outdoors and most of his subjects looked really natural, not overdone with makeup which I vibed with. There were a couple of beautiful nudes tossed in with a lot of casual fashion and portraits. I wasn't planning on shooting nude, but it was nice to see how he handled it in his work.
I messaged him back and he answered me almost immediately. He asked me about what I was looking for in a shoot and I told him I mostly wanted experience shooting photos that weren't dance related, but felt more like me. I described that I had a natural aesthetic and usually come across as graceful due to my long limbs and years of dance. As for clothing, I love simple pieces with natural fabrics but I wasn't opposed to trying something different. I asked him if he had any ideas that he'd been wanting to shoot and he replied that he'd love to take some photos near a small waterfall close to the highway that looped around Austin. He also asked if I'd be open to shooting in a swimsuit or even wet clothing. I said I hadn't shot anything like that before but would be completely open to it. We agreed on a few more details about makeup, hairstyle, the photos he'd provide afterwards and put a date on our calendars for the upcoming Sunday afternoon.
My weekend had been pretty uneventful aside from dance practice both Friday afternoon and Saturday morning. Around 3:00pm on Sunday I started going through my clothing and making decisions about what to bring. I picked out a white crocheted bikini that tied at the hips, a white crop top tank, an off white ribbed knit top, a light gray linen button down, 2 pairs of denim cutoffs, boots and some high top sneakers. I put on a loose fitting black tank top and a pair of faded baggy jeans that folded at the waist. I looked at myself in the mirror and decided to swap the tank for a sheer mesh black shirt with a black bra underneath. I felt really confident in my choice. It was sexy but still a little more polished than the tank. I gathered it all up into my gym bag, added a beach towel, and strolled out to my car.
Once I got to the location I looked in the rear view mirror, took down my short blond hair and ruffled it to give it some volume. At the last minute I decided to add some dark red lipstick. It immediately made me feel sexier and felt it was the mood I wanted for this photoshoot. I grabbed my bag and looked around until my eyes landed on a guy with dark hair, wearing a short sleeve shirt and shorts, carrying a camera. His eyes found me and he waved and I started walking my way.
I held out my hand and said, "I guess you must be Miguel?"
He shook my hand and said, "Yes, Caroline! Wow, so nice to meet you! You look really amazing! I knew you were pretty from your photos, but you are something else in person."
"Thank you Miguel!" I blushed. "I'm flattered, and also super excited to shoot with you. Let me show you what I brought." I set my bag on the trunk of my car and showed him each of the pieces I had brought.
"These are great,'' he replied!" Let's walk down to the river and we can chat about what to start with.
We headed down a long dirt path that led down through trees, tall grass, and paths that lead off in other directions. We passed 8 or 9 people on the way down, most were heading back to exit the park. We came to an area with trees on both sides and Miguel suggested we shoot what I was currently wearing under the trees. I posed but quickly fell into some poses that were very dance-like and Miguel gently reminded me to keep it looser, and to let myself be more natural. After about 15 minutes he said, "I think I got this look. Let's head the rest of the way to the river."
The sun was getting lower and the light was a warm yellow as we arrived at the water. There was a long, shallow stretch of water that led to a small waterfall. It had 8 and 8 foot drop off before continuing on to the lower stream which curved off to the right. We put our stuff down and as I looked around I saw a couple on the other side of the stream laying on towels. On the lower part there were 4 guys sitting in the stream drinking beer, and another 50 yards away a couple with their dog playing fetch.
Miguel said, "Why don't you swap into the ribbed top and a pair of the denim shorts?"
I grabbed both pieces and my towel out of my bag and looked around for a spot to change. I didn't see any place close by except for a group of bushes on the opposite side. I started walking through the shallow water towards the other side. As I passed by the couple sunning themselves, she looked over at me and asked, "How cool! Looks like you guys are doing a photoshoot! Do you need a little help changing?"
"Oh, yeah, please if you don't mind!" I replied
"I'm Caroline!" I said as I reached where they were sitting.
We shook hands as she replied, "I'm Molly and this is Jake."
"Hey, nice to meet you." Jake said as he stood up to shake my hand as well.
"Here, I'll hold up your towel and you can change behind it." said Molly as she reached for my towel.
I looked at Molly as I handed over my towel. She was cute, about 3 inches shorter than me with shoulder length brown hair and hazel eyes. She had wider hips then me and a nice large rear of the Kim Kardashian variety. Her boobs were a B cup, and the revealing swimsuit she wore had a thong. In total there was probably less fabric in her one piece than my bikini. Jake had cropped brown hair and dark eyes, with a body builder's physique and stood only an inch or two taller than me. He looked like he would have been pretty hairy judging by his facial scruff, but he shaved or waxed everything that was visible. He wore a tight blue swimsuit which came to mid thigh and looked more like cyclist shorts.
"How's your shoot going so far?" Molly inquired.
"We just started and this is my first outfit change." I replied "But I feel like it's going okay."
"Well, that guy's super lucky to be photographing someone as hot as you." Molly said as she held up the towel.
I unbuttoned my jeans and slid them down to my ankles and then I pulled the sheer black top over my head. Standing in my underwear I looked upstream and with no one in sight, I unhooked my bra, slipped it off and then wiggled down my underwear until I was standing there fully naked. I felt that familiar rush of adrenaline from being naked outside, but quickly slipped on the denim shorts and ribbed top before Molly's arms got tired.
"That should do it!" I said to Molly.
She dropped the towel and her eyes went immediately to my chest. "Wow, your tits look amazing in that top!" Molly exclaimed. "Jake, my God. Look at Caroline's boobs! They are incredible!"
Jake fixed his gaze on my chestand said to Molly, "Fuck. You are not kidding. Totally perfect set."
I was taken aback, and yet also noticed a thrill run through me, from the combined attention of these two strangers openly examining and talking about my breasts. I looked over at Miguel and saw that he was ready and just waiting for me to get changed.
"Thanks! I'm flattered by you guys," I said to them both. "And thanks again for holding the towel!"
"Of course! Just let me know if you need any more help." Molly exclaimed.
I walked back over to the other side where Miguel was waiting and he asked if I'd be willing to pose under the waterfall. I left my shoes on a dry rock close by and carefully navigated the running water until I was positioned so that the water was cascading over me. As the water ran down my shirt the material became almost transparent. In addition, the cool water made my nipples immediately hard and poke out visibly. Miguel moved to the side and shot some photos and after a few minutes moved in for a closer angle. I was having a tough time finding the right place to stand so I wouldn't slip and still have water flowing over me. I looked down the stream and saw I had caught the attention of the guys who were all drinking together. As Miguel gave me directions, I lifted my arms and shifted the weight of my hips to put accentuated curves into the lines of my body. I ran my hands through my hair and brought my arms back so that my hands were then behind my neck.
"Can you lift up your shirt a bit more?" Miguel asked.
My shirt naturally fell right below my breasts and lifting my arms made it ride up showing a the underside of my boobs. I reached down and raised it till it was just under my nipples and asked, "How's this?"
"Perfect!" He shouted back.
He shot a few more frames and then asked if I was ready to change again. This time into my white bikini. He held out his hand to help me over the slippery rocks and I made my way back to where Molly and Jake had been watching us.
"Would you mind helping me again?" I asked Molly and I walked towards them.
"Yeah! For sure!" Molly replied. "I just love photo shoots! I hope you don't mind that we were gawking at you guys!"
"I don't mind at all! Especially since you are kind enough to help me out. Have you ever modeled before?" I asked?
"Oh yeah, a lot actually." Molly said as she held up my towel again. "I do some nude modeling and have a website that people subscribe to. I make decent enough money that it allows us to travel to places like this for shoots. We'll usually rent a house that looks cool, and then do 5 or 6 shoots there. Iit pays for our trip and generates some great income."
"Who photographs you?" I asked and I pulled off my wet shirt.
"Jake shoots the majority of them, unless we are posing together and then we find someone local to help photograph us both."
As I wriggled out of my wet shorts, looked behind Molly over the towel and asked, "You guys pose together?"
"Oh yeah! Jake's great at it. He knows how to be a good accessory!" Molly laughed.
"I heard that!" Jake shouted and she continued to giggle.
Molly's eyes widened as an idea struck her. "You should totally model a few shots with Jake! That would look so amazing with the two of you together!"
"Oh! Well I'm pretty new to modeling and I'm not sure..." I stammered as I pulled up my bikini bottoms.
"I don't. Want to put any pressure on you, but you came out here to shoot some photos that make you look sexy right? Trust me, you guys would look so sexy together. I mean as long as you and your photographer are down for it."
I looped the top of my bikini over my head and tied the back in place. As I looked over the towel I saw Jake looking at me and he said "Hey, I'm down for it if you guys are!"
"You really think it would look good... and you don't mind me posing with your boyfriend?"
"Mind?" Molly exclaimed. "I think it would be hot as shit! And the two of you together would make the camera melt."
My mind gave me a big internal "Whoa!" as I ran the idea over in my brain. This definitely wasn't what I was planning on shooting today. I looked over at Jake again. He was nice looking, but not the guy I would have picked for something like this. Really muscular guys were not my thing, but I did want to try something new, and if I was honest with myself, I DID want photos that made me feel sexy. My courage began to rise and said, "Okay, let's do it if it's okay with Miguel!"
Molly clapped excitedly and exclaimed, "This is going to be so fucking amazing!"
I walked over to Miguel and said, "Hey, I have an idea. I was chatting with this couple and they both have experience modeling. They suggested I shoot together with Jake and I wanted to get your thoughts?"
"Wow, for real? I think that would be amazing, as long as you feel like you can fully commit to it and have it look like you are really together. Unless it looks like you guys are really into each other, it will probably just look awkward." Miguel responded.
"I've done dance performances with male dancers where it had to look like we are in love, so I think I can pull it off."
He motioned Jake over and I introduced them both. We all chatted for a bit about where to begin and Miguel had us stand together at the top of the falls so that he could see the open expanse behind us. I suggested a ballet-like pose to start and had Jake pick me up with one arm wrapped around my thighs, just under my butt. He easily lifted me up so that my thighs were at his chest, and one hand under my arm. We repeated this a few times as Miguel shot us from different angles. It felt very similar to past experiences dancing with male dancers. We did a few more poses that came to my mind and Miguel asked if we could try something different.
"Can we try going down to the base of the falls and shoot a few poses that are a little less dance-y?" He requested. "I want to see the water cascading with you both in the background."
We walked down and Miguel had me stand with my back against the stone wall where there was no water falling, then positioned Jake close to me with one hand on the wall and one arm wrapping around my waist. I looked over Jake's shoulder and noticed that we had had the attention of the people downstream once more.
"Jake, move your hand lower on Caroline's back." Miguel requested. "Yep ever further to where your fingers are just resting on the top of her bikini bottoms."
Jake moved his hand lower and he gently pulled me towards him so that now our pelvises were touching. I felt my heart pick up speed as this was starting to feel more intimate. I put one hand on his smooth chest and the other on the small of his back.
"This is looking really hot you guys!" Molly shouted from above us as she watched.
Miguel shot different angles and after a few minutes asked, "Don't stay static, you can both move around a bit. Just stay in similar positions."
Jake moved his hand from my lower back to my butt and asked, "Is this okay?" as he slowly brought his face even closer to mine.
"Yeah, no, it's fine." I replied. I started feeling a nervous rush of energy from being this close to him, his hand now on my ass, with the people downstream watching everything that was happening. They were watching me and that thought was starting to excite me.
"Caroline, can you pick up your right leg, now Jake, can you hold her leg there? A little higher and closer." Miguel asked
As I followed Miguel's request, it positioned Jake in between my legs. He moved his hand under my thigh holding me tightly, and then brought me in closer. I felt the anxious energy in my stomach slowly moving downward in my body. My eyes went from Jake's face, to the people behind me watching us and I could feel my temperature rising.
"Caroline," Miguel said. "I want to try two things. Can you wrap that leg behind Jake so that you are holding him in position, and can we shoot this topless?"
"Oh my God," I heard Molly shout behind us."Yes! This will be fucking amazing!"
"Topless?!?" I thought. "Am I ready for this? And yet why would this be any different than being naked at Hippy Hollow? Plenty of people had seen me, not only topless, but fully nude there." My nervousness had now started changing and growing down in the space between my legs. The idea of showing my body to Jake, to the people watching me was getting me turned on.
I felt my reservations starting to drain away. My brain was losing the ability to process what was happening. "Do it." my mind shouted.
I reached behind me and undid the thin straps of my bikini top and let them fall loose. I looked over Jake's shoulder and the men gathered there could tell I was doing something, but couldn't get a clear view since Jake was blocking their view. I reached up to the ties behind my neck and pulled the tiny strings until they came loose and I let my top fall to the ground.
"Well, now they know what's happening." I thought as they could clearly make out my bikini top now at our feet.
I could hear Miguel's camera clicking as Jake moved his hands now to my thighs, right where my bottoms tied together. His fingers went under the strings, pulling them down slightly.
"My God, is he going to untie my bottoms I thought!?!" Instead Jake pulled me closer to himself and I could feel his hardness now pressing against me. He was fully erect and I could feel the heat of his penis press between my legs. All that was keeping him from entering me were the two pieces of fabric we wore. I felt my body respond on its own as my hips moved against him, increasing the pressure. I brought my hands up to his face and looked in his eyes.
"Wow, you feel amazing down there." Jake whispered to me, our faces only inches apart.
"Jake, bring your hands up to Caroline's ribs. You guys are killing it!" Miguel exclaimed.
Jake's hands slowly moved up my sides as he slowly pulled our torsos together. I felt my nipples brushing against his chest and a rush of warmth flooded into my crotch. As his hands climbed up to my rib cage, I placed my hands on top of his to stop them. He was looking straight into my eyes and I felt the last shreds of self control fall away. I moved his hands onto my breasts and softly moaned as he squeezed them. My hips again moved forward, out of my control, pressing against him, feeling his firmness against my pussy.
It was as if our faces were two magnets suddenly drawn together and we kissed fully without reservation. My mouth opened and received his tongue as my hands went behind his head to pull him closer. His thumbs and index fingers found my nipples and began to gently massage them. He moved my back against the cold stone behind me, pressing against me, straining the fabric that stood between him entering me.
"I want fuck you so badly right now." Jake whispered into my ear as his hands moved from my breasts to my hips and tiny threads that held my bottoms in place. His hands grasped the strings on the sides and slowly started to move them downward. And I wanted him. I wanted him to pull them off and set me free. To strip me, right there in front of everyone, and do whatever he wanted to me. I kissed him even harder, giving him permission to take me.
"Holy crap!" I heard Miguel exclaim as he brought his camera away from his face. "I just ran out of space on my camera for any more photos, but good lord, you guys, I mean wow. I'm speechless!"
Jake broke away for a second to look at Miguel, and then shifted his gaze to Molly.
"That was so fucking HOT!" Molly exclaimed. "You guys are amazing together!"
I felt drunk as I was taken out of that moment. What was happening? Jake moved his body just slightly away from me, reached down, then handed me my bikini top. My breathing was labored and I realized the opportunity that seemed imminent had now passed. The disappointment flooded over me and I felt disoriented that it ended so suddenly. My pussy was throbbing and I had been ready to have him inside me right there in front of everyone. I watched Jake walk over to Molly, his penis still fully erect through his shorts. She slugged him on the shoulder in a playful way.
"You were getting me hot watching you both!" Molly exclaimed as she turned towards me.
I looked down stream again and now saw about 10 people all looking at me topless. "They want to look at me? I'm not going to try to cover up or feel ashamed about this." I thought to myself. "Fuck that." I took a step into the waterfall as the water washed over me. "I'm free to do whatever I want."
I undid the left strings of my bottom and then watched as the water flooded in to pull it lower. As I untied the right ties, the falls washed them down to my feet and over the edge to a little pool of water about 4 feet away. My hands moved over my entire body, feeling the cool water energize me. I looked down stream and I saw people enraptured by what I was doing. I felt like a siren hypnotizing them I ran my fingers through my hair, down my face, and over my breasts. My palms lightly grazed my nipples as I languidly moved them lower down my body. Then to my stomach, continuing until my right hand ran over my blond mound, and my left caressed my pelvis. I bent over, running my hands all the way down to my ankles.
I reached down for my top and slowly rose then stepped out of the water that was flowing over me. Moving with all of the grace I could muster, I walked the four feet to the small pool where my bottoms were submerged. I leaned in and picked them up, bending only at the waist, giving Miguel a clear view, not only my rear, but my exposed pussy. I wrung them both out with my hands as I walked over to my gym bag to pick out a dry pair of denim shorts and my gray button down blouse. The way I was moving probably felt to others like it was the most casual thing in the world, but inside I was on aflame. It had been one thing to be nude at Hippy Hollow where everyone was, but here I felt like I was breaking all of the rules of how I was supposed to act. I was the only one nude and everyone's attention was on me. My pussy ached ever more and I decided to put on my shirt first and leave my lower half exposed for as long as possible.
As I slowly buttoned my shirt Miguel walked over and said, "Caroline, that was the best shoot I think I've ever done."
I touched his arm lightly and said "I'm glad you aren't disappointed."
"Absolutely not! Had I known that you were interested in shooting nude like this I would have prepared differently." Miguel exclaimed.
"Well, we'll have to talk about it sometime. I'd love to see where else we could go." I teased.
"Who are you?" I thought to myself. This was so different from how I acted usually, but I felt completely in control of my sexuality and with no shame in what I was doing. Here I was, flirting with Miguel, mostly undressed in public, after almost having sex with a stranger. I wasn't sure how long this desire would last, but I wasn't ready for it to leave.
"Well, let me pack my stuff up and we can talk about it on the way back to the car." He said as he walked over to gather his equipment.
Standing on the top of the falls I looked back and people were still watching as I took my time getting dressed. I picked up my shorts and turned around to give people a nice long look at my rear as I pulled up my shorts and buttoned them. Molly and Jake walked over smiling. He handed me my towel as Molly threw her arms around me.
"Girl, I don't know who you are, but you have made my day!" She exclaimed.
I hugged her back and replied, "I have to give you credit Molly. You gave me the courage and lent me your boyfriend, so you made my day as well."
"Well my day totally sucked." Jake joked and Molly punched him in the shoulder again.
"You should be so fucking lucky!" Molly replied. "Hey Caroline, If you're interested Jake and I rented a house that we are shooting at, and if you are free, you should come over and hang out! I promise I'll keep Jake on a leash if you want."
"That sounds pretty kinky!" I said laughing.
"You have no idea!" Molly said and I couldn't tell if she was joking or not. "Please come! We've got some wine, or weed if you are into it, and we'll chill out."
I agreed that I would come over for a glass of wine, but I suspected they were hoping that at the very least Jake and I would be having sex. Molly sure seemed to enjoy watching us together. And what did I want? I hadn't had a boyfriend in almost a year, and aside from Ron giving me oral sex, there hadn't been much affection, much less sex, in that entire time. Even the few times when I had sex in the past it was always during a relationship. I thought back on those times and remembered how unsatisfying they were. It wasn't until Ron had truly focused on pleasing me that I had achieved my first full orgasm.
The four of us walked back to where our cars were parked and Miguel said he'd contact me in the next few days about the photos and to plan another shoot. I put my gym bag in my car and followed Molly and Jake to the house they had rented. I pulled up and parked on the street behind them, then we walked around to the cottage they had rented. There was a small pool with a couple of chairs, a long wooden bench pulled up to a table and even an outdoor mattress under a sun shade. It was dusk and pretty getting dark and Molly went inside to turn on the lights. Jake and I sat around the table and he asked me if I modeled often.
"This was more or less my second shoot, believe it or not." I responded giggling.
"No freaking way! But you must have some sort of experience to be that comfortable in front of the camera?" He asked.
Molly walked out with a bottle of wine and three glasses, set them down and said "What'd I miss?"
"That was Caroline's second photo shoot!" Jake answered.
"Well then I want to hear about the first one!" Molly said while looking at me with a grin.
"I'm fine telling you if you really want to hear itI"
"Fuck yeah!" Molly exclaimed.
I started at the beginning with Gabi taking me to the clothing optional park, about meeting Ron, my discovery about my exhibitionist streak, my first shoot with him which led me to the shoot with Miguel.
"Now that is a journey, my friend." Said Molly as she drained her glass. "I'm floored that you just went for it today. It took me much longer to get comfortable enough with my body to pose nude, much less in front of other people, but it is pretty fucking hot though isn't it?"
"It's totally hot." Jake chimed in.
I took another sip of my wine and said, "Talking with you both about this makes me feel a lot less weird about it, so thanks for this."
"Can I ask you another question? Have you ever kissed another woman?"
"Does it count if another woman kissed me?" I replied thinking back to the kiss Shannon had given me.
"It does to me!" Jake replied.
Molly stood up and walked over to me and said, "I've been wanting to kiss you since I watched you undress behind the towel. Would you let me do that?"
She straddled the bench in front of me and moved in close. I looked into her brown eyes and noticed they were gold around the pupil. I looked at her lips. The lower lip had a thick pout to it that gave her face a lustful look. Her hand touched my face as she brought her lips in to meet mine. There was a softness and gentleness to her kiss I hadn't experienced before with the guys I had been with. The skin of her face touching mine was like silk. She pulled back slightly and I opened my eyes to look at her again. Then closed them as I moved in and quickly kissed her. She opened her lips to me and her mouth tasted like wine as our tongues met. She let her hand drift to my neck and then to the back of my head as she pulled me in gently but kissed me deeper. She pulled her face back and looked at my face.
"That was even better than I had hoped. Caroline, would you stand up?" she continued.
For some reason I didn't ask any questions but just obeyed her request. We both stood up and Jake walked over to where we both stood.
"Caroline," she moved a little closer "I want to undress you."
I just stood there a little bit stunned by how forward her request was. I knew that as soon as my clothing came off that I'd no longer be able to say "no" to whatever happened next. My thoughts went to being touched earlier at the waterfall and that ache began again. "Do I want this?" I thought as my mind raced.
Jake had moved behind me, and he reached around my body and started to unbutton my blouse. Molly watched as his fingers deftly undid each one until my shirt was open. Molly's hands moved to my shirt and slipped it off my shoulders and it fell to the ground. Jake then found the top button of my shorts, undid the first one, then the next working his way down until it was fully undone. Molly watched, enraptured as his right hand gently stroked my pubic hair, and then slid around the waistline. Both hands slipped down the back of my shorts, caressing my bottom and then slid my shorts lower until they were lying on the ground as well. I stood there as both of them, still clothed, looked over my body, taking me in. It was probably only a few seconds but it felt like minutes passed.
"Raise your arms." I heard Jake say from behind. I did exactly what he wanted, raising my arms, and as I did I felt my willpower drain away. His hands found my breasts and held them both as his fingers gently flicked over my stiff nipples. He then pulled on them just enough to hurt slightly, and I audibly moaned. Molly brought her lips to mine and as she kissed me. I felt her hand slide down to my stomach, past my belly button and spread out her fingers. As she slowly moved down to my bush, fingers ran through it, moving further.
"Spread your legs for me." She whispered. Again I obeyed her without question. As I gave her access, her fingers slid between my legs feeling the heat and moisture there. She kissed me again on my lips and said "Follow me." She held out her hand and I took it.
She guided me to the outdoor mattress and Jake followed us close behind. She positioned herself behind me and had me kneel on the mattress, facing Jake who was now standing before me. My head was at the same level as his crotch and I could see the outline of his hard penis through his shorts. I felt Molly's hand between my legs from behind. She ran one finger along the length of my slit. We could both tell how wet and swollen the lips of my pussy had become. She did it again and my lips parted for her touch even though she was touching me lightly. I closed my eyes, enjoying the sensation. When I opened them, Jake was standing inches from my face. I reached out my hand and touched the bulge that was right in front of me. My hand stroked down its length. My heart was beating fast as I moved both of my hands up to his waistband and slowly brought his shorts down, freeing his unbelievably hard cock. Hre he was, almost a complete stranger but I wanted to please him more than either of the boyfriends I had been with in my past. I had begrudgingly performed oral sex on my last boyfriend but I had felt more obliged to do it than actually wanting to. Right now with Jake's erect penis in front of my face, I wanted it. I wanted to do to him what Ron had done to me a few days ago.
Standing in front of me naked, he was completely shaved, just like the rest of his body. I had never seen this on a man in person before this moment. I reached out with both hands and grasped him, feeling the warmth and intensity of his shaft. Even with both hands wrapped around it, the head of his dick was still exposed. I dropped one of my hands to the mattress to steady myself as Molly continued to gently stroke me, and ran my tongue across Jake's manhood. I looked up at him and he watched me take him fully into my mouth. He kept his hands behind his back, not trying to force himself on me, but letting me control what was happening. This excited me even more and started to slide my hand back and forth across his erection. I wrapped my lips around the silky tip and let my tongue surround it as I stroked him over and over. I took him in a little deeper, tightening my mouth around him, moving him in and out. I worked my tongue all over him, applying pressure to tighten the hold my mouth had while working his shaft.
"You feel so fucking good!" Jake breathed. "Wait... uh, you need to slow down."
My hand started moving faster, and I could tell he was getting close to an orgasm. I realized I wanted him to cum in my mouth. I needed to swallow every ounce of him, but he backed away and took a moment to collect himself. He put his hands on my shoulders and leaned me back on the mattress, and as he did, Molly stood up on the mattress, lifted her arms and removed her shirt, and then her shorts and underwear and propped herself up on the pillows at the headboard to watch us. Jake also removed his shirt and positioned himself between my legs.
"Do you want me to fuck you?" Jake asked.
I stared at him, completely unable to say no, and nodded as I bit my lip.
"I want to hear you say it." Jake said.
"I want you to fuck me Jake." I replied as I moved my legs even further apart to invite him in. He grabbed my upper thighs as he positioned himself and I stared up at his face, at his muscular body, and I felt the head of his penis run along my opening.
"Oh my God, you are so wet. You are so fucking hot." Jake said and ran the tip along my swollen lips again. He moved his right hand to my bush and let his thumb run along the top of my pussy until it found my clit, and he applied light pressure as he moved in closer and ran the entire length of his cock along my opening. It slid along me so easily, back and forth, lightly, but never entering me. He found a slow rhythm of his length applying pressure to my pussy as it grinded back and forth, his thumb stroking my clit. I was in pure ecstasy. I arched my back and pushed down to try to get him to enter me, but he wouldn't. I felt my lips parting further and further as he continued to stroke along my pussy lips, getting me hotter and hotter. I turned my head to look at Molly. She was masturbating as she watched her boyfriend about to fuck me. Molly watching me only got me hotter and I squeezed my nipples with both hands to try to find release.
The pressure from his thumb increased and it felt like a furnace in the space between my legs. He continued his slow stroking and I felt like I couldn't stand it any more.
"Please, Oh God, I need it." I heard myself say. "Please... do it. I want you inside me. Fuck me Jake."
He refused to give me what I was begging for. The tip of him kept running along my inflamed tips, gently parting them, again and again. My mind was a red blur and I looked at Molly as she continued to pleasure herself. I felt drunk with passion and then he moved his hands to my hips. He applied slow pressure, pulling me towards him as I felt the tip of his dick finally pierce my opening, slowly filling me with himself. Simultaneously his thumb ground down hard on my clit and I exploded. It was like I was hit with lightning as all of my muscles contracted, my back arching again, and my hands gripped the mattress as my vision became stars. I'm pretty sure I was shouting, but I can't remember the sound I made. I felt the weight of Jake's body move on top of me as his mouth found mine and our tongues intertwined. My body continued to shake like minor tremors after a major earthquake. I felt slightly numb all over...
"Ooooohhh, Oh my God..." I panted as Jake continued to kiss my mouth, my neck and slowly he made his way downward until I felt his lips on my right breast and then his left hand on my left breast. They were so sensitive I almost couldn't stand it, but he slowly ran his tongue over the nipple with just the right amount of stimulation, his hard cock still inside of me.
"Oh God. Mmmmmm. Oh yes." I said as his hips started slowly moving again. He was finally inside me, giving me what I had been begging for. Even though my body still felt incredibly sensitive, I couldn't stop to rest. His mouth and tongue were devouring my nipples, and his cock was rubbing back and forth against my inner walls. His strong arms reached around my back and pulled me up and I moved up to my knees so that I was straddling him, his mouth still moving over my breasts and his hands now grasping my ass. My hands were in his hair and I started rocking back and forth, my clit grinding on the spot just above his cock sending pulses of excitement through me. His teeth were gently biting my erect nipples and I started moving faster, feeling another orgasm building inside.
I heard Molly moaning louder and louder as she was starting to cum. Jake held me in his arms as he laid me back onto the mattress. I lifted my pelvis with my feet as his hands held my hips thrusting deeper and deeper into me. I lifted my arms over my head as I felt myself going over the edge.
"Oooohhhh, I'm cumming, Jake!" I yelled. "I want you to cum inside me Jake. Oh, please. Don't pull out, I want to feel it!"
His body stiffened as he shoved himself fully into me. I felt the heat of his ejaculation shooting into me, spreading inside as I lost control for the second time. My arms and legs wrapped around him as tightly as I could hold him as he pumped into me. My entire body was shuddering and quaking and the powerful feeling rolled over me, consuming me in bliss. He kissed me deeply as his dick continued to spasm inside, dumping his seed into me, pushing as deep into my pussy as he could go. The tension drained out of my body and I felt him melt into me. His arms wrapped around me, holding me tight, kissing me softly. I felt his penis start to soften and he withdrew it and fell onto the mattress next to be.
"My God Caroline," He said " That was fucking amazing."
"I can't remember the last time I was that turned on watching Jake." Molly said lying back on the throw pillows at the headboard.
I felt warm and spent, lying there under the stars covered in sweat. I was too exhausted to move. I felt Molly lean over and kiss my shoulder. She got up and went inside and came out with a blanket. She laid it over me and said, "You are welcome to spend the night with us Caroline. You can either sleep out here or in the bed with Jake and I. My brother is coming over in the morning, but feel free to stay as long as you want."
"Thanks Molly. I'm just going to lie here for a little while." I replied.
"See you in the morning." Jake said and patted my thigh as they both got up to go inside.
I stared up at the night sky and turned my attention to my body. I was exhausted, yet relaxed in a way that seemed new. I closed my eyes and drifted off.