It was the day before the last basketball game of the season which meant tomorrow would be the last time for our wonderful cheerleading team to perform. My 5'2", 105 pound, cute, sexy, cock-teasing girlfriend, Susie, was all fired up and was looking forward to it.
She was a cheerleader and loved it. She loved jumping and dancing around, getting her skirt to flip up and she loved it when the guy cheerleaders would hold her up and would put their hands all over her cute little ass. Of course, at times, their hands would "slip" and end up between her legs.
Susie would try to act embarrassed, but I knew that she craved it, especially during the game when the people in the stands could see it, too. You could see the men in the stands staring at her and bumping their buddies to make sure they were watching, too. When I'd sit in the stands, I'd her guys say things like, "He hand his hands all over her ass and her pussy ... and she was laughing! I think she liked it!".
I'd tell Susie, it would always get her all excited (and me, too).
To make it even sexier, she (actually, I did it) had her little cheerleading skirt shortened. I was proud of the fact that the hem of the skirt hung just below her ass and her pussy. Obviously when she made any movements, everyone could see her cute panties just barely covering her butt and her pussy. Our cheerleaders wore the sexist "cover panties" -- they were small, like a bikini bottom. They didn't want to look like "grandma's underwear", as they would say.
Our cheerleaders would wear their uniforms to school on the day of the game. Susie would usually just wear panties under her skirt, she wouldn't wear the "cover panties" like the other girls did (she claimed they made her "uncomfortable"). It would create quite a buzz from the guys, girls, and the teachers.
To set the stage, the night before the last game, we were out having dinner at a popular bar in town having a good time flirting and making each other horny as hell.
Susie had a tank top on, which doesn't sound like much -- and thankfully ... it wasn't. It was cut off just below her nice round boobs -- showing off her flat tummy and a little of her boobs when she lifted her arm. The arm holes had been cut larger (yes, I did that), showing a good amount of side boob. When we first got to the bar, Susie was wearing a bra. I knew I could get her to take it off, though. All I'd need to do was get her hot ... and then make some bets.
So, we were sitting at our table watching the games on the big screen TVs and having more than a few drinks. Susie was wearing a very short, pleated tennis skirt. As I'd "rest" my hand on her lap I'd move it around which would cause her skirt to rise... until my hand was resting on her panties. It felt great and looked even better. Susie pretended not to notice. I'd lift my hand from her lap, leaving her exposed, and she'd just keep talking like nothing was out of the ordinary.
I'd occasionally lean over and kiss her neck. She always loved that. As I was doing this, I would brush my hand back and forth across her boobs -- making it look accidental. I "apologized" every time saying things like, "Oh, sorry, I just brushed your boobs again and that guy over there saw it. But your boobs are perfect in every way. And your nipples are so hard right now, what in the world are you thinking about? I don't mean to keep brushing my hands all over them. I'm so sorry. You know, one thing though ... that bra looks kind of bad. We can all see when you lean forward a little and from the sides. Hey if you'd like, I'll bet I can unhook it for you in less than 5 seconds."
Susie moaned, "There's no way you can do it that fast."
I said, "Well, before we begin, gimme a minute, first." I kissed her neck and began rubbing her pussy. I was just trying to get her more excited. I asked, "Does this feel ok?" She was definitely getting excited. I went on, "Are you going to show off that great ass of yours tomorrow at school in your come-fuck-me cheerleader outfit? And which panties are you going to wear for the guys?" I knew that talking about that would get her even more excited.
Susie mumbled, "The little yellow ones. I get a lot of complements when I wear those, and a lot of guys will grab or pinch my ass when I'm walking thru the hallways. Hey ... um ... can you please finger me for a minute? ... this feels so good. Please, I'll do anything you want ... whatever you want, just finger me now."
She continued, "You know, at school, some of the guys get .... aggressive and ... playful." The tip of my finger kept rubbing between her lips, she was starting to get wet.
She was having a little bit of a hard time talking because of her uneven breathing. "They will hold my arms sometimes and they'll lift my skirt and will snap the waistband of my panties. It's not a big deal, they're just doing it to be funny. But, it's exciting to get ... well ... dominated like that."
"You don't care that they are seeing and touching your panties?"
She said, "It's only my panties, so I don't care. It's no big thing, not like its sexual or anything. They say as long as I wear cute panties for them, they won't make me take them off. They play around and pull them down a little sometimes, like they are going to take them all the way off me and I can't stop them 'cause they hold my arms. I beg them not to take my panties off or to lower them too much."
I said, "Oh, that doesn't sound too bad. I'm sure it's all just for good fun and I bet they appreciate you wearing sexy panties for them. I'm sure they don't get turned on at all, and neither do you even though their hands are all over you, right?
I could feel that she was getting excited. I said, "You've got something on your shirt, I'll brush it off." I brushed her boobs pretending to be wiping something off her shirt. "Oh, sorry, your shirt came up over your bra a few times." And I moved my finger further into her. "I'm going to stop fingering you in 5 seconds, you do the count."
I knew she would count very slowly -- but that gave me more time to unhook her bra. She started to count, I reached up under her shirt in the back and undid her bra. I said, "See, I told you 5 seconds and I even let you count. Now it looks terrible, you better take it off."
Susie was so fired-up, she leaned forward and slid the bra straps down her arms and took her bra off. She laid her bra on the table.
She opened her legs a little more so I could rub between her pussy lips with my finger. Because we were sitting in a booth at a table, I could see her lap. And because I had moved her skirt up when my hand was "resting" on her lap, I could see she was wearing her little, thin red panties.
I had her skirt bunched up around her waist. I said, "Why don't you wear these red panties tomorrow to school? I bet the guys would love these, too. They are really cute." Of course, they weren't "cute" at all - they were as sexy as hell! "Oh, and just so you know, those people over there can see right under our table so they can see your panties and what I'm doing to you. Oh ... you're starting to get a little wet."
Definitely, other people who were sitting in the right areas of the bar could see under the table too. They were starting to get a pretty good view. It wasn't a complete view, but they could tell something was going on. "I bet you love teasing the guys and flashing them. Now, why don't you flash all the people in this bar. You are such big cock tease, oh ... you are definitely great at teasing cock. Go ahead, tease the guys here, show off a little."
She said, "Ok, if you want me to ... um ... show off a little ... I will." Susie moaned. "Can you take my panties off, please? I want to give them to that guy over there. He was staring under the table and was licking his lips. He keeps looking at me, mouthing words."
I had to ask, "No, no, no -- we can't take your panties off here, they are too cute! And what's that guy saying to you?"
"He mouthed red panties, red panties over and over again." Then Susie mumbled, "Oh, come on.. stick your finger in meee .... Then he kept mouthing blow job, blow job in the car. He's driving me crazy. He just mouthed I'll put my big cock in your mouth. He has me so fuckin' hot right now."
I said, "Tell me more." And I put the tip of my finger just inside her a little, I knew she'd want more.
"He is sooo bad. He wants to see my nipples, too. Is it Ok if I show him?"
I asked, "Do you really want to? Right here? Where everyone can see?" She was getting wetter. I pushed my finger in a little more. Susie moaned, she loved it.
She moaned, "Yes, Oh ... yes. You asked me to tease, so I will." She added, as she was staring at the guy, "And he wants me to." She took her hand and nonchalantly moved her shirt so that her boob was showing thru the hole (that I had widened) in her shirt.
I looked down and said, "WoW Susie, we can see your fuckin' nipple and your panties, you are so hot. My hard-on is about to explode."
She giggled and said, "He's loving it, too. He's cute."
I looked around and noticed the waiter coming over to us from across the bar area. I said to Susie, "Hey, not to change the subject, but here comes the waiter, should I stop fingering you? I'm afraid he'll be able to see my fingers going in and out of you."
Susie mumbled, "Don't stop, please don't stop. Feels so fucking good. I don't care if he sees. I ... I want him to see."
I added, "He's working, he's not interested in you. So tease him a little, see if you can get him interested. I bet you can't. I'll tell you what - I'll keep fingering you as long as you promise to stare right at his cock the entire time he's taking our orders."
Susie mumbled, "Ok, right at his cock, I'll stare at his cock."
I could see that the waiter was going to have a great view. The bra on the table was clearly a clue (haha) ... and Susie's beautiful boob was falling in and out of her shirt ... and her skirt was bunched at the waist.
As he approached the table, his eyes went directly to the bra. As he was looking at the bra, I put my finger a little deeper into Susie. I glanced over and Susie was staring right at his cock, just as she had been told.
The waiter couldn't help but notice her stare. He moved a little closer, so his cock was just a foot away s from the table and Susie's face. He gave us the menus and as Susie looked at it, she leaned forward which gave him a great view down her bra-less top.
Susie was shifting her eyes between his cock and the menu while I continued to lightly finger her. She moaned to the waiter and mumbled, "Ummmm, what's this?" as she pointed at an item on the menu. That (intentionally) drew him over to the side of our table where he could get even a greater view of Susie. As he began to move closer, I chickened out and pulled my finger out of her. But neither I, nor her, put her skirt back in place.
The waiter stood right by the tables edge. His cock was just below eye level with Susie, less than a foot away from Susie's face. He was looking right down her top and right down at her panties. He very slowly said, "That's our version of nachos. They look, I mean taste, really good."
Susie looked at his cock and to tease him she said, "Ok, we'll get that. But, Mr. cute-waiter guy, let me ask you, what are you looking at?"
He was a little embarrassed, and a lot excited. He said, "Well, your top is very loose, and your skirt is riding up a little. Sorry, I couldn't help but notice."
Of course, Susie didn't change a thing, Susie kept it going. Staring right at his hard cock, she said, "Sorry for distracting you. But we have a bet and I think you can be the tie breaker. If you could only see one, would you pick looking at my boobs or my panties?" As she was asking, she was moving her hand all around real close to his cock. It looked like she was talking with her hands, but her hand was so close to his cock, it was driving him (and her) crazy.
He said, "Well ... um ... your panties, I think."
Susie wanted to tease some more. "What if you could see my nipples, would that change your mind? Sometimes this shirt doesn't exactly cover me very well." Susie leaned forward a little more so he could see further down her top.
He said, "Oh, um... gosh. I can see your beautiful nipples. But if I could only see one or the other, I still think I'd pick your panties."
And with that, Susie took a slip of water and an ice cube fell out of her mouth ... onto her lap. "Oh, geeze, I was distracted by looking at that big budge of yours. Can you please get the ice cube I dropped?"
He said, "Really? Get it? But it's on your ... your panties ...." Susie suggested (actually demanded) that he sit down next to her. He said, "Well, I'll try."
So, it was obvious that he was a little nervous and more than a little turned-on. He slowly and carefully put his hand down close to Susie's pussy. You could tell he wasn't used to this at all ... of course, who is?
Susie said, "Would you just get the damn cube, it's cold on my pussy."
He picked up the ice cube, but because it was wet and cold, it slipped out of his fingers and fell back on her panty-covered pussy. Susie, said, "Come on, please get it ... you're getting my cute panties all wet."
He leaned down to see better and when he did, Susie straighten up and her right nipple was brushing his face. Susie said, "The ice is making me cold, and oh my gosh, I think my nipples are getting hard." Susie's movements put her nipple all over his cheek and mouth. He didn't complain.
The guy tried to grab the ice cube again, but it was getting smaller and smaller, and it kept slipping from his fingers which caused him to rub against her pussy over and over. Susie was squirming and moving her ass around and opened her legs a little and the cube went between her legs. "Hey, come on, get it for me." Then she said again, "Oh, your fingers are all over me. Get the cube, you're making my panties get all wet."
He was trying to get the cube and, of course, as he was trying to grab it, he was rubbing Susie's pussy lips like crazy. Susie kept squirming and moving around and "inadvertently" put her hand on his lap, and of course - right on his dick. I could see her grab and squeeze his shaft. Then for a few seconds she concentrated on the head of his cock, rubbing and squeezing it.
She was giggling and moving around because he was still trying to get the ice cube while she continued rubbing her boob on his face. And at the same time, she was massaging cock.
Finally, he bought his hand up with what was left of the ice cube. That slowed everything down. Susie said, "I'm really sorry if I bumped your ... um.... private area when I was squirming around. I didn't mean to. But, .... it felt really ... big. Thanks for getting the ice cube. Oh look, you got my panties all wet." He stared down at her lap. "Go ahead, feel how wet they are."
The waiter stuttered, "Are you sure?"
Susie replied, "Yes, you made them wet ... So go ahead ... please just feel me, I mean them."
He slowly reached over and began lightly rubbing her pussy. Susie moaned, "That's it, rub my pussy, rub my pussy. Feel how wet you made me? Oh ...we gotta go to the car."
The waited mumbled, "What about your boyfriend?"
Susie said, "He gets me anytime he wants, and he likes to see me suck other guy's cock. So, let's go, come on, I want your cock."
The poor waiter said, "I can't, I'd get fired and I need this job. But I really want to, I just can't."
And with that, he slowly stood up and reluctantly walked away.
I said to Susie, "You've caused a bit of a scene ... we gotta get out of here before we get into trouble."
Susie stood up and walked toward the restroom. As she walked by the guy that was watching her and mouthing words to her, she flipped up her skirt so show off her panties. He stopped her and said, "I really want those, you are so fuckin hot!"
Susie sat in his booth and said, "Take them if you want them, but I get to feel your cock first." And she put her hand on his lap and rubbed up and down his cock. He didn't waste any time, he raised her skirt and began lowering her panties.
Susie squirmed around enough to allow him to take her red little panties. It was sexy as hell watching this. But I was getting nervous that trouble was coming. I stood up and walked over and said, "Susie, we have to get out of here, now."
The guy said, "Can I keep her panties?"
I didn't answer, but Susie said, "Fuck yes. I wish we could have done more, you cock feels great. Just know, when I'm blowing him on the car, I'll be thinking of you. Give me your number, I'll send you a pic."
He gave her his number, I grabbed Susie's hand and pulled her out of the booth. The guy had his hands all over her ass. But finally, I got her walking out of the bar -- heading to the car for a great ride home!!!