Katie sat staring at the note in disbelief before the panic started to rise in her stomach. Her blouse was laid across the corner of the bed, at a glance it looked fine. She sat back on the bed and began to relax as she realised that her friends were simply trying to play a prank to take her mind off the job and that there was actually nothing wrong with her clothes, apart from her missing underwear! Katie chuckled to herself and feeling a little calmer about her friend's antics and she made a mental note to thank them for caring!
She stood and walked over to the wardrobe. It was then that it began hit her. There were no other clothes in her wardrobe and the only pair of shoes she could find was a pair of 4 inch black stilettos. Katie ran back to the other girl's rooms. Not only were there no bras or panties, there were no other clothes or shoes in the entire apartment.
Once again she was back in her room, sat on her bed and staring at a set of empty wardrobe drawers. Not aware of how long she had been sitting there she looked at the clock on the top of her dresser...she was going to be late on her first day.
She jumped up quickly and grabbed her blouse quickly pulling it on to both arms and then pulling it around her waist. She stopped, something was wrong. She began buttoning the blouse. When she wore it at her interview she had left the top button open, but this time the 'few' buttons it now had stopped a long way short of that. She turned to look in her mirror. Buttons were not the only thing missing.
She had bought the blouse because she had liked the way it covered her boobs, although not in any way flattening them, it acted as a form of security for her. The blouse had a centre panel that was sewn inside the front. The panel was high enough that it sat across the top of her boobs and wide enough that it wrapped around the side of them. It had been sewn in to the blouse along its entire length in front and it acted as a layer of reinforcement which helped hold her magnificent curves in place. But now as she looked at it in the mirror she could see that the inner panel had been removed and that the thin blouse was now totally at the mercy of her boobs. She looked more closely at the front of the blouse and realised that not only had the top buttons gone, and that the panel had been removed, but the blouse now seemed looser.
She pulled it tighter and gasped in horror! Two horizontal openings had been cut across the front of the blouse. Standing still they had remained closed, but as she had pulled the blouse around her they had fallen open. The openings sat across the bottom portion of each breast. The movement of adjusting the blouse had opened them and exposed her flesh, a full 2 inches of lower breast to just below her nipples was now exposed. With her mind in a whirl she was finding it hard to get to grips with what she was seeing. She next noticed that there were also buttons missing from the bottom of the blouse and upon closer examination it appeared it was quite a lot shorter than before. Katie did a recount and was panicked to find that there were only three buttons left on the blouse, yesterday there had been 10!
With the remaining buttons fastened Katie was showing an obscene amount of cleavage. The highest of the remaining buttons on the blouse sat level with her nipples, which were usually in a mild state of arousal, but which were now standing proudly erect. With the front inner panel of the blouse removed her nipples were easily visible pushing through the thin material. The second button sat between the lower section of her boobs and the third just below them. Without a full row of buttons in place her huge boobs stretched the blouse wide open at the top showing acres of cleavage down to the top of each nipple. Without the inner panel they also pulled the blouse open showing bare flesh between each of the buttons. Katie could also feel that the material moved far more freely over her skin than it had before. Why!?
With no more buttons to fasten below her boobs, and with the help of the horizontal openings cut across the front, the bottom of the blouse simply fell open in a large triangle showing off every inch off her flat midriff. In desperation Katie reached for her skirt, quickly dragging it on and buttoning it with the single button on the waist. She was hoping that her naked stomach would be covered when she tucked the blouse in to her skirt. She was of course wrong.
The bottom of the blouse that yesterday had been plenty long enough to tuck inside her skirt, and portrayed a clean corporate image, now sat 6 inches above the top of the skirt. The blouse had definitely been shortened but what Katie hadn't yet fully realised was that the skirt had been altered so that it now sat low, very low, on her hips. In a further hope that she was wrong, she began to twist her skirt around in order to place the buttoned waistband to the rear. It was now that she began to realise that the blouse wasn't the only piece of clothing that had been tampered with. The pencil skirt she had worn yesterday had finished just above her knees. Today it finished high on her thighs. Yesterday the skirt had sat comfortably around her waist, but now it sat low on her hips. Almost her entire pelvic region was visible from the front. She was showing her entire midriff to only about half an inch above her pussy. In back the news wasn't much better.
With the skirt hanging low on her hips, the back hung lower across the centre of her ass. A good inch of her ass crack was clearly visible above the top of the waistband. As she finished turning the skirt, she also noticed that slits had been cut in to each side. Each slit was positioned on the outer side of her thighs and each was cut high up the skirt, stopping only 1 inch below the waistband. She also noticed that they hadn't simply been cut straight, but that each slit had been cut in the shape of tall triangles, the top of which was 2 inches wide and about 4 inches wide at the base. With the slits cut so high and so wide, it was no longer a skirt. What Katie was now wearing was essentially two short panels, one in front and one at the back, and they were only held in place by just a thin waistband.
Katie examined the skirt further. With the original fit of the pencil skirt having been so tight it meant that newly added the slits were opened even when she stood still. Katie took a step forward whilst looking in the mirror and to her horror she saw the slits open even wider, the 4 inches at the bottom quickly became 6! Each time she took a step the light material of the skirt parted on each side and then each panel gathered toward the front and the back before coming to rest to cover her modesty. Each time she moved she was left almost entirely naked along the side of each thigh and along the entire length of the short skirt. The narrow waistband was the only thing providing any stability and cover, but that was only at her hips.
Katie was now starting to panic. She grabbed the 4 inch stilettos from the bottom of the wardrobe and put them on. Her already toned legs were enhanced even more and the result was amazing. The shoes immediately further highlighted every curve in her legs, but what worse was for Katie was the way that it changed her posture. The slits in her skirt that moments ago were partially open when she stood in her bare feet, were now being pulled further apart. The 4 inch heels were creating such a change to the position of her hips and legs, the way in which she stood and moved meant that that the skirt was being forced further open even without any movement. Her head started to spin as she grabbed for her jacket that was hung on the back of a chair. As she picked it up it disintegrated in her hands. Piece after piece fell away and fluttered on to the floor.
As she examined the few pieces that she had managed to keep hold of, she could see that each seam and been unpicked. She stared in disbelief at the pile of material which now lay in tatters at her feet. Dropping the few remaining pieces she walked over to the mirror and stared at what remained of her office suit and blouse.
After a moment she dared a small turn hoping against all hope that it would not be as bad as she feared. Her eyes opened wide as she stared in disbelief. She had only made a small turn of her hips but the sides of the skirt had opened a good 6 inches. As she turned back she also noticed that now wearing the heels, the movement across her curves caused the light material to flick from one side to the other which compounded the problem because as well as simply opening each slit, the panels of material in the front and back flicked up slightly.
The light material had been fine when the skirt had been long, but now it was short and with side slits cut in to it, it almost danced around her legs. If she had been able to take the time to admire the effect she would have been in awe! With the thigh slits opening and the two panels in motion, the hem of the skirt lifted as it moved. She was now becoming increasingly apprehensive about what exactly it might show when she was bending or sitting and so she crouched in front of the mirror to check the view. The skirt immediately fell open on each side, with the front panel falling on to her lap and the back panel dropping to down over her gorgeous ass. However, the cover at the back wasn't complete, and the full side of each ass cheek could easily be seen.
She stood and bent at the hips keeping her legs straight. The back panel rose up and although it hung straight down it still exposed a good portion of her ass. Katie panicked and stood again, she knew that any bending at the waist would expose the bottom portion of her ass. She thought fast and decided to by folding it over to lower the waist of the skirt on her hips, as much as she dared, in order to gain some length on the skirt. However, she had very little room to play with without her exposing the top of her neatly trimmed pussy. She pulled it lower and in doing so added an extra half an inch to its length. The panels now hung lower and provided slightly more cover for her if she had to bend, but it now exposed more of her midriff which was already well exposed. In her haste to cover the bottom of her ass, Katie hadn't realised that by lowering the waistband, as well as potentially exposing her pussy she was now showing more of her ass crack.
She crouched again and looked at the skirt from the front and realised that by lowering the waist it had allowed the side slits to open even more. As the skirt moved Katie was presented with a view of her own neatly trimmed pussy hair above the waistband. Her pussy lips had also been clearly visible as she had crouched and the material hang swung to the side. She made a mental note that she would need to keep her knees together at all times. Alarmed by her exposure she quickly stood and turned her back to the mirror. As she turned the skirt material moved on the side of each hip and then lifted as it swayed across the side of each thigh, the bottom inch of her perfect ass was being displayed for all to see. Lowering the waist on her hips had helped cover her ass when she bent, but it gave the material more freedom to dance around her legs when she moved too quickly. Then, just as she was thinking that things could not get any worse, her newly tailored clothes provided Katie with a few more surprises!
With her back now to the mirror Katie was looking at the back of her blouse, or at least she was looking at where the back of her blouse had once been. Across the full width of her back and sitting across the top of her shoulder line, the back of the blouse had been removed. Instead of her cotton blouse Katie was now looking at a large rectangle of her own naked flesh. The rectangle was cut all the way to the bottom of the blouse with just a very thin strip traversing the small of her back. This meant the sides and front of the blouse hung completely free. With a view from the front people would guess that she was not wearing a bra. With the rectangle of material missing in the back they would be left in no doubt! For a second Katie froze, then she took a deep breath and slowly lifted each arm. Without her arms held tightly against her sides the full width of the open back could be seen. At first glance it looked to be just the width of her back that had been exposed, but with her arms no longer obscuring the view she could see that it had been cut so wide that her blouse was completely open from the one side to the other finishing just above each hip. She was now staring at the exposed sides of her boobs. The side of each could now be seen fully before the front portion of the blouse covered them. The blouse had no back, and had very limited sides. Apart from a collar, sleeves and the limited cover in front, from the back she looked damn near topless.
Katie closed her eyes and took a deep breath, and then in the hope that it had all been a bad dream she opened them and stared in to the mirror. By now another 15 minutes had passed and the morning sun had broken through the thin cloud cover outside. The sun shone in through the window and bathed Katie in a golden glow. With just her bedroom light on she had not noticed just how thin the material in the front of the blouse was. Now she was bathed in sunlight she could clearly see each of her erect nipples through the thin cotton. In the sunlight the material appeared almost sheer and she could easily make out the deep pink colour of her nipples that were completely erect and pushing easily through the blouse.
For a brief second she was scared, but for a second and in her confused state, her mind turned to her earlier thoughts when she was in the shower. She lifted both hands to her boobs and squeezed them lightly. She felt a jolt of pleasure build in each nipple and then fall lower to between her legs. She pulled the front panel of the skirt to one side and placed her hand on her pussy mound. When she removed it she could she her own juices glistening on her fingers.
Katie was defeated by the loss of clothes but at the same she was becoming increasing aroused. She let out a deep sigh, her mind cleared a little and her thoughts turned to her new job. She could not afford to miss this opportunity but she simply couldn't go to the office on her first day dressed like this...could she!