If you enjoy my stories please let me know through the comments - please be aware that I'm dyslexic and sometimes make mistakes in both spelling and grammar, I do try to use a spell checker, but as good as they are, they are not always successful. Having said that please enjoy my next offering.
*****
I had known Vicki most of her life as she was my daughter's best friend at school, I got on well with her Mom and Dad and at the time I was a one parent father.
Sadly her Dad died suddenly when she was 14, I help her and her Mom where I could, but Vicki went through a bad patch trying different lifestyles and such. Eventually her Mom asked me if I could help and talk to her.
When I tried she got really upset and told me I had no right to interfere, after a while she calmed down, I told her I wasn't here to condemn or to criticise, just to talk, after a while she realised how hard it had been for her Mom as well as her and started to turn her life around.
Move forward 20 years and I have now retired and moved into a residential caravan in warmer climes, Vicki is married to a guy called Alain and they had come out to visit me.
I have a habit of early (about six am) every morning I go for a swim in the camp pool and Vicki asked if she could join me to which I had no objection. I had completed about 20 lengths when Vicki joined me she was wearing a small white bikini it had tie sides and looked stunning.
I finished my swim and laid out on one of the poolside seats and waited for Vicki to finish. As Vicki climbed out of the pool I realised that the bikini had become transparent, I picked up her towel and walked towards her.
I wrapped the towel around her and explained what had happened. Her first words were I'll kill him, saying that Alain had brought her the costume. I explained that he might have not known and that something similar had happened to my Ex. And when she complained at the shop she was told 'you shouldn't have got it wet it's a fashion bikini'.
I went into the local village to get some stuff and when I returned I could tell they had argued.
The next morning I went for my usual swim and was surprised to see Vicki joining me dressed in the bikini, I looked at her and she just shrugged and said you've seen it all now so what the hell.
As she swam Vicki did several lengths doing different strokes styles including backstroke allowing me a fabulous view, so I sat on the side waiting for her to finish, she swam up to me and told me what had happened. Apparently Alain like to get her to expose herself 'accidentally', as seeing people admire her body turned him on.
I asked Vicki to use the towel to walk back to the van as I didn't want the residents to see her.
At the back of the van I have a covered area for sunbathing with 4 sunbeds, Vicki lay down on her tummy and asked me to put sun-screen on her back, when I had finished she said don't forget my legs, so carefully I rubbed some on her legs.
Alain came out to join us looking very sheepish, Vicki ignored him.
I was still in my swimming shorts and sat on one of the sunbeds with my knees up reading a book, Vicki came over and stepped over me with her legs each side and sat down straddling me using my knees as a back rest.
Not sure what to do or say I sat there waiting for her to explain when she started to clench her buttock while moving slowly backwards and forwards, looking directly into my eyes she just said 'please'.
Alain sat there staring.
After what seemed like an eternity, as Vicki moved forward and backwards she undid the sides of the bikini bottoms and pulled them out of the way. On the next slide she lifted slightly and slide my shorts down as far as she could then moved forward again.
I was struggling to keep control, as Vicky slide forward again she pushed her hand under my penis and slid back and I entered her totally. Alain still sat there staring.
Vicki started moving up and down and I could feel she was on the verge of an orgasm so I pushed my hand between her legs to rub her clitoris.
The orgasm was long and hard with Vicki collapsing on to my chest, I was by now struggling to handle what happened and needed some release, held in check only by what Alain might do.
Vicki started crying and then looking at Alain said and hope your satisfied, you've got what you wanted, pack your bags we're finished
Alain said nothing went inside and came back out five minutes later said goodbye and left.
Vicki was still sat on my lap even though by then I had gone soft and slipped out of her.
Vicki apologised for what had happened and the bikini episode had been the last straw, that she had not planned what happened and had just done it on the spur of the moment, but was glad that it had. Apparently when they argued Alain had told her that she should 'shag' me, so she had a sudden thought of why the hell not.
Vicki reached up and took her top off and started to move her hips again and asked me to make proper love to her.
Vicki is five foot five and slim of build with a 32/33 inch bust, 30 inch waist and 32 inch hips and her pubic hair is trimmed neatly.
I asked if we could go inside as I felt uncomfortable where we were and Vicki agreed.
I asked Vicki to sit on the sofa and knelt before her, pushing her legs apart, I fingered and played with her before slowly moving my mouth to her open pussy lips, As I began to lick Vicki flooded my mouth with love juices that were sweet.
Gently I lifted up and entered her slowly pushing myself deeper in to her welcoming pussy, I raised both of us to a satisfying orgasm. I stayed comfortable inside her until there was a soft knocking at the door.
Reluctantly I pulled up my swim shorts to answer the door and found Alain stood there looking very guilty saying that his passport was in Vicki's handbag, Vicki came to the door still naked and threw his passport at him saying yes we shagged again and walked away.
Vicki stayed another week and we made love often, we agreed that she would return four weeks later, which she did. We're still together.