It was intentionally written without names
LEGALESE: Don't read this if you are underage, if it is illegal in your area, if it is offensive to you, or if you cannot distinguish fiction from reality. This is a work of fiction. All characters are 18 years of age or older.
Copyright (c) 2014 by Acup
...the first day of the rest of my life.
Tuesday morning I woke to her rolling out of bed headed for the shower, her naked ass mesmerizing me. I followed her, but with both of us having to go to work it was just a fun soap down, even if it did include lots of titty groping and nipples in my chest hair...
She had class that night, but would be back Wednesday after work. We were all giggly and grins, trying to not have to let go of each other in the parking lot.
I took the first memory card from the first day of competition with me to work so I could duplicate it on the computer at work. I figured it was a pretty safe one to give to the electronics store manager started with since it was just the first walk through on the stage and then the showers.
The overnight tech shook her head at me when I came in, seems I had a bit of a grin on my face for some reason. "I'm not EVEN going to ask how the weekend went..." she said as she went out the door.
Gee, was it that obvious? We played phone tag most of the day, each calling while the other was in the middle of something. I did let the boss know that everything went well with the manufactures rep and that we would become a beta site. For some reason I neglected to tell him about getting a real hands on experience with her... hmmmmm?
I went down to the electronics shop when my second shift tech came in to deliver the first memory card and warn him about watching it in private the first time, and probably not at work, all he could do was grin. I also got a copy of a basic editing software that goes with the video camera so I could split off some of our wilder scenes from the ones I was going to give him copies of.
I grabbed a pizza on the way home, sitting there nibbling and looking at her things around the apartment. Her jeans still crotch up on the back of the couch, her bag just inside the door with bikini's hanging out from her bra search this morning, her empty bottle of what ever on the counter waiting to be run through the dishwasher.
I ran the dishwasher, then got the rest of our stuff from the van that we didn't unload Monday, her trophy for second place in her division, her little tiara, her plaque for fourth overall in the region. I put them on the edge of the kitchen island where they wouldn't get bumped, then unpacked her bag into the drawers I had already cleared for her other stuff. Putting all her bikinis in the laundry hamper along with her shorts and tank tops, but not before enjoying her scent on them...
She called just after I got out of the shower. Seems her red hair went over real well at the office. The guys taking notice of her, and some of the women not appreciating their own loss of attention. There was a bit of a presentation in the break room at lunch, seems one of her co-workers downloaded the competition announcement and put it up on the big screen. It didn't have her picture, but when one of the 'snooty bitches', as she called them, made a comment about it couldn't be her it got her dander up.
"I took my jacket off, rolled up my sleeve, and curled my arm. The room got quiet, and the snooty bitch just stared. 'Honey you want to come over here and argue with this, come right ahead!'"
"Oh that must have been priceless..."
"Somewhere amongst all the guys crowding around she managed to slip away. Didn't see hide nor hare of her for the rest of the day. I did have a nice conversation with one of the partners though, he used to be a collage football player, did some semi-pro before having knee problems and going to law school."
"...what did he have to say..." A high dollar lawyer taking an interest in ...mmmy girl...
"Not much, we were taking weight lifting regiments until his wife came back in. She's one of the other partners." WHEW! A wife...
"So you've stepped up a notch around there?"
"I don't know about that, but I'm definitely not just another paralegal any more."
"Well hell, I could have told them that..." she giggled a bit at my comment. "So how did class go.
"Except for a few raised eyebrows at my red hair... nothing out of the ordinary... I miss you..."
"I miss you too...what time will you be here tomorrow?"
"Not sure, I've never made the run north from downtown at that time of day."
"OK, well we'll see who gets home first. Don't forget to bring your laptop so we can edit the movies and sort out all the pictures. I got the software from the electronics shop that comes with the video camera so we can go through things."
"OK, I'll see you tomorrow...bye."
"See you then...bye." I hung up picturing her baring her arm and flexing in the middle of a bunch of lawyers... that would have been a good one to have a picture of...
Wednesday was the slowest day I have ever had. There were three accidents to go around on the way to work. Nothing to do but stare at machines and give out a little change all day, I mean absolutely NOTHING broke down!
When the mid shift tech came in I was out the door in a mater of minutes. I made it home in record time...to an empty apartment. I no more closed the door and the phone rang. "Hello"
"Hey babe, what you doing?"
"Just got in the door."
"Good, we need to make a quick run and pick up a few things. What say we do that and get something to eat while we're out?"
"And come back here for desert?"
"I was hoping you'd say that. See you in a bit depending on traffic."
"OK"
The next half hour was the longest IN MY LIFE!
Then the door opened, and she ran to the bathroom...LOL Seems the drive was a little longer than she anticipated. She came scurrying back out with her skirt around her waist pulling her thong up. She grabbed me, picked me up, and about crushed my chest while sucking the very breath out of me.
When she managed to put me down and I caught my breath, "So you did miss me a little?" that earned me a scowl. "So what's the big shopping trip? New dress?"
She grinned at that. "That's a nice idea, but no. We need to get a laptop and two cell phones."
"Oh?"
"I can't use my work laptop for some of our video editing, because they are software locked. And I don't want to keep playing phone tag!" I grinned at that. "And I have my prize money to spend so I thought I'd start with some things for us!"
She pulled me close for another nice kiss, but without the body crushing hug. I reached around and grabbed her ass, getting a nice moan for my efforts, but she pulled back when I began working her skirt up her ass. "Uh uh, we have shopping to do, and I want a nice evening out."
She tossed me my jacket and we were out the door. She even insisted on taking her car. She practically skipped into the mall. First stop was the computer store. The sales guy loved attending to such a lovely lady...right up until he found out she had talked to the company IT guy and knew what she needed. Except for the adapter to be able to hook it to the AV connections on the TV it was straight from the notes, we got a good solid mid level unit without spending a fortune.
The vender at the cell phone kiosk was a bit happier. Along with some nice cleavage it seems we had to get something with good cameras to be able to send things back and forth.
Then we were off...to the first restraint I took her out to! After she had a short whispered conversation with the hostess, we were seated in one of the back corner booths. As soon as the hostess left us she slipped off her jacket, NICE!
Under her jacket she was wearing a sleeveless silk blouse. I could see her nipples standing out a bit and the texture of her lace bra. What she did next made me want to drag her out the door...to hell with the meal. She reached for her waist and pulled her top out of her skirt, reached up behind her and unhooked her bra. She then unbuttoned her top down well below her bra, reached in, slipped the straps over her arms out through the sleeve holes before reaching in the front and lifting it out, nothing unusual so far...but then she set it on the table beside her in plain view!
She was leaning back with her nipples standing out when our waitress arrived. The waitress stopped still for a second, then she and my girl grinned at each other while taking our order. As soon as she left I scooted around the table to sit beside her, obviously looking down her top. She leaned forward and turned enough to give me a nice look at most of her right tit, with a hint of nipple with just the right angle.
We kissed and groped a bit, I know we actually tried to carry on a conversation but to this day I couldn't tell you what we talked about. I caught the waitress and asked for our food to go. She just smiled and handed me the food already in foam containers. My girl slipped her jacket on and tucked her bra in the pocket, leaving the straps hanging out... think she was feeling a bit worked up? Since I was being groped all the way home while she had her shirt pulled open to bare her tits I think it was a pretty good guess.
She ran up the stairs ahead of me, stripping her jacket off as she went through the door. I turned to set the containers on the counter and take my jacket off. When I turned back to her she was down to her thong, and it was going down her legs as I watched. As I pulled my shirt off there were hands on my slacks. I did manage to grab and keep then up long enough to kick off my shoes off before they were unceremoniously yanked out of my hands to my ankles.
She leaned forward and sucked me in a few times, then pulled me by that same hard cock around the couch and laid me out on the floor. NO, she didn't knock me out, but she laid me back and mounted me like a woman possessed so it had almost he same effect on me.
I did manage to not cum as she sank down on me, but after looking down her shirt at the restaurant and playing with those delicious tits and nipples in front of me I didn't last too long. "OH SHIIII..." I exclaimed after only a few strokes, grabbed her hips, and did my best to fuck her and fill her from underneath.
I kept it up for as long as I could pumping everything I had into her, then collapsed, arms falling to the floor, with my cock still buried in side her. Even sitting astride me I could feel her pussy squeezing and working me keeping me from going completely soft. "Is this a new kind of work out?"
"One of my favorites..." She pushed down hard on me and I could swear I felt her pull me up into her.
"Mmmm, I think it might just be one of mine also." She leaned forward to give me a soft kiss. "But you didn't..."
She just smiled at me, "So that means you'll have to do me again later..."
I just slapped my forehead, making her erupt in giggles. Damn! Giggling woman with muscled pussy around your cock is NICE!
She leaned forward enough to let her nipples touch my chest, "A girl could get used to this..." and gave me a light kiss before rolling off me, my now thoroughly wet cock slapping my stomach as she released it.
We laid there for a few minutes, then her eyes flashed open, she grinned at me, then rolled up to her knees and scurried off to the bedroom keeping her legs together. She came back with two butt plugs, her small metal one that I bought her, and a medium regular plug in bright pink. She held them out to me, "Would you mind?"
As soon as I took them from her hand she kneeled down beside me, taking my limp cock in her mouth as she did. Evidentially the metal plug was a bit colder than she expected it to be, because she squeaked around my cock when I ran it through her almost dripping lips to lube it up.
However she did groan and fall forward on my cock when I gave it a slight twist and slipped it into her ass, taking me all the way to my balls. Even though I was starting to firm up a little, I was definitely soft enough for her to take in, and even soft I was thoroughly enjoying her licking and sucking and squeezing me.
When I slipped the pink plug in her pussy she groaned and trembled a bit, so I pulled it back out and just held the largest part just barely in her pussy while I stroked her clit with my thumb. She began to squirm back and forth between my cock and the plug in her pussy, and I could feel her trembling more and more under my thumb.
As she went down on my cock again I followed her with the plug and drove it home while putting my finger up and over the jeweled plug in her ass forcing them both as deep as I could. At the same time I was stroking her clit from side to side, making it pop out from under my thumb on every stroke.
She was no longer holding herself up on her arms, she had collapsed on me, cock still in her mouth, hard tits and nipples in my belly while I kept her pussy and ass stuffed and her clit under attack.
I was rewarded with a spasming woman on me groaning around my cock, and even though she tried to stay up on me, she rolled off to her side gasping and squealing while I kept up the assault on her ass, pussy, and clit. As soon as I pulled back from her clit she collapsed, my hand still trapped between her legs against her plugs, breathing hard next to me, tits and nipples rising and falling with her impish grin between them.
She did release my hand from between her legs and drug herself around on to my chest, "Don't think this gets you out of a good fucking later mister." We laid there a bit until her stomach started growling, making her giggle, and then reach for her crotch quickly. Seems she was full enough that the plug didn't want to stay in place by itself in her pussy!
I got up and got one of her string bikinis to pull on so she could go reheat supper. It had somehow gotten cold while we had been messing around for the last hour...jeez!
She wasn't very steady on her feet with both plugs in her, but she managed to get supper re-heated while I got the laptop out and hooked up the adapter to the TV so we could start going through the videos while we ate.
It was rather comical hearing her critique herself from the video. Pointing out all the things she should have done differently. When we switched over to the shower video I stopped it and began putting the first part over to another file while she picked up the plates. I did my best not to chuckle when she almost dropped the plates getting up in a hurry, she forgot about her plugs...
While I was separating the files she was looking around the apartment, poking her head into the small spare room. The glint off her chrome and jeweled plug caught my eye, "What ya lookin' for?"
She turned to me smiling, "Thinking about how we're going to get everything in here..."
"And?..."
"Well I thought my weight bench would go in here, but what are we going to do with two beds and two couches and stuff?"
"It's not like I have a lot in here, so we could just bring it over and see how it fits and go from there." She was walking back toward me, her muscles rippling under her skin just enough to distract me.
"And what about the beds?" she stopped right in front of me and rotated her hips forward letting her pink plug filled pussy into view.
"What about them?"
"Well yours in newer, but it would be a bit crowed if we had... company..."
I reached out and lightly stroked her landing strip with the back of my finger, "And we WOULDN'T want anyone to ACCIDENTIALLY roll off the bed in the middle of the night now would we?..."
Now she was grinning and biting her lip. I pulled her closer to be able to lean over and kiss her mound beside her landing strip. "I was thinking the same thing, but what ever will fit is what we'll do. I'm not sure either of them will fit in the spare bedroom..."
"Do you have a yard stick or something around here?"
"There's a tape measure in the bottom kitchen drawer."
She leaned down to give me a nice kiss then scooted off to the kitchen, a few gasps along the way. I heard her rummaging in the drawer, and then she was back and forth all over the apartment while I finished splitting the video.
She came back with a grin and scooted in behind me, reaching around to stroke my firm cock. "I think it will all fit. A bit crowded, but we can see from there."
"Ready for the other video?"
"What's on this one?"
"More showers and your final competition performance." I hadn't said anything about the one the blond and I made in the room yet.
I hit play, and settled back against her, enjoying her tits in my back and her hand on my cock while we enjoyed the show. She pointed out various 'couples' in the shower that I hadn't noticed. I was getting almost hard watching these women lather each other up while she was stroking me, when I realized what was coming up on the video and that I had been hearing our booth conversation in the background pretty clearly.
I could hear the running conversation, and tried to lean forward to shut the video off, but she held me tight. I tried to protest, but she kissed the side of my neck and held me close. The real shock came when the screen filled with a bright red landing strip and glistening pussy lips.
I heard myself telling the girlfriend off in the back ground while I watch her lips on the screen. Listening to myself telling the girlfriend I loved my girl. GOD I HOPE SHE DOESN'T LEAVE ME...
I saw the landing strip leave and the view of the showers come back into view, the table shake a bit when I leaned on it, then the landing strip came walking by and the conversation start back up. I could move, I didn't dare turn or say anything...
She reached around me and hit the pause, turning my head to her,...she was smiling! "I love you too..." and pulled me around for a nice soft kiss, the most special, gentlest, and yet firmest kiss I had ever gotten.
When she came up for air, I had to ask, "Why didn't you say anything?"
She thought about it for a minute, "Not sure really... I think at first I was shocked."
"About what?"
"Everything...what you said about me...what you said about the way my girlfriend had been treating me...the whole thing." She was kind of staring off in the distance, so I let her think. I reached out and let the video roll, getting the last of the booth conversation. I kept working the video, getting it cut into proper segments while she cuddled behind me.
I got things split up and began patching the stage walks together. When she slid out from behind me and held out her hand for me to get up. She led me to the bedroom and pulled me back on the bed on top of her.
I supported myself on my elbow, and brushed a lock of red hair out of her eyes. "I do love you..."
"I know..."
For as many times as we had fucked and just plain had sex, this time we made love...
Touching and caressing, feeling each other's breath. Her hard nipple in my palm, the heat of her pussy rising to my hard cock. The feel of my fingers sliding through her lips, and the taste of her while I licked them off as she grinned up at me. The little whimper as I pulled the plug from her pussy and bumped the one in her ass, sliding slowly into her velvet pussy and wanting to stay buried in her. Feeling her pussy ripple around my cock as I tried to keep it deep in her as she pulled me close.
I slid in and out of her slowly, enjoying every little ripple of her around my cock. Barely coming out of her to be able to feel her lips spread around my cock again as I drove back into her, rocking on her hard tits in my chest. Faster and slower, hard and gentle, until we could no longer take it.
She raised her legs and put her heels into my ass and pulled me in hard and deep. "Fuuuuuck meeee..." so slutty and yet so feminine...
I leaned forward, gave her a quick peck, and began driving into her hard and fast. Our mixed juices making the most beautiful obscene sound there is sloshing and slapping as we came together on every stroke. I held off barely as she began quivering under me, then unloaded everything I had. Each of us pumping and squeezing and screaming at each other until we collapsed.
We laid there a bit, then managed to stagger to the shower, and even having just had the most wonderful sex in my life, I couldn't help but be aroused a little seeing her bent over into the shower, her jeweled plug shining in the light and our mixed cum dribbling down her legs.
We soaped each other up of course, but she gasped when I began removing the plug in her ass. "I almost forgot it was there..."
"I didn't, seeing the glint from the chrome or jewel every time you move..." as I slid a soapy finger in and out of her ass.
She leaned against me, "Mmmmm... " I slid my finger in and out a bit, then stopped, leaving it in to the third knuckle and pulled her close. "Definitely going to have you continue this another time." she whispered to me then gave me a quick kiss before pulling away groaning as my finger slipped from her ass.
After toweling each other off I went out and shut off light out in the living room and came back to see a beauty in bed, covers pulled up just over her waist. She pulled them back to reveal herself and invite me back to bed, but I just had to stop and look at her. I didn't get to look long, "Get your butt in here mister before I get cold..."
We snuggled and cuddled and talked about our plans for the next few days. I was going to get the seats out of my van and pick up some boxes and begin packing some of her stuff up to move Thursday, and again Friday, but get a trailer for Friday Saturday to move the big stuff. We talked about all sorts of little things as we cuddled there, drifting off to sleep somewhere along the way.
We woke with the morning sun long before the alarm. Still holding each other and not wanting to get up. She had to leave before I did, so I got to enjoy watching her dress. Slipping her satin bra over her hard nipples and tweak them when she knew I was looking, sliding her thong up and over her landing strip and hopping and wiggling like she really needed the effort to get it up just right over her pussy. The top and slacks and jacket covering that delicious body.
I frowned a bit when she pulled the slacks on, "What? I only have three skirts, and it's getting a bit cold out for them any how..."
"I know," I smiled back, "but it doesn't mean I have to like knowing I can't put my head up under your skirt and lick you when I want to..." and stuck my tongue out and made like I was going to do just that.
She drew a quick breath, "Oh now I'm going to be thinking about that ALL the way to work."
"Good thing you won't be thinking about this then isn't it?" as I pulled the covers back and stroked my hard cock in front of her.
"Oh you're ornery!" she stepped close enough to give me a quick kiss and a grope before heading for the door. She did get me back later, I got a picture on my phone of a nice hard nipple standing out in a silk top in profile around lunch time. I saved it and matched it with her number on my phone!
I did get a text later telling me that the black girl would be stopping by to help with packing while she was in class tonight... like she didn't think guys could pack and move...LOL
The second shift tech helped me get my seats out and into the back room, and the electronics store manager was all grins when I dropped off the second memory card with the rest of the walk through footage. He was with a customer, but gave me a thumbs up when I handed him the second card. I picked up a decent stack of small and medium boxes from the rental store as well a few wardrobe boxes and headed for her place.
Seems I didn't need to pick up regular boxes, I came into the black girl in tank top and jeans packing the kitchen, nipples and nipple rings standing out nicely. I took the few boxes that were packed out to the van, and then taped a few more up for her before I went to check out the furniture situation.
None of it was light or came apart, and for a second I was thinking I was going to have to get some help, but had to grin remembering the girls could probably out lift me two to one. At least the bed frame came apart. I taped a few more boxes up and got a few wardrobe boxes from the van for her closet stuff.
We had the kitchen pretty well packed, and the van was only three quarters full. I had just came back through the door when my whirlwind came in behind me headed for the bathroom. She returned moments later in just her thong and crushed me in a hug and kiss. We stood there for a bit until the black girl cleared her throat.
We turned to see her leaning over a box, "Packing or fucking, take your choice..."
My girl stuck her tongue out at her, gave me another quick kiss, then we headed for the bedroom to pack her closet... With a slight delay for some more hugging and groping. Since I only picked up six wardrobe boxes we filled them with what we could that she would need right away and then she went to pack her dresser while I humped more boxes out to the van.
Her wardrobe boxes and the last of the kitchen boxes filled my van. Her few boxes from the bedroom went to her car, and we called it a night, giving the black girl many thanks, and gropes and kisses, for helping. She said she would be back tomorrow for the furniture move. We called in a pizza order and headed back home... home... with her...WOW!
I headed straight back while she swung by the pizza shop. I was bringing the last of her wardrobe boxes in when she pulled in. She took supper in while I transferred the boxes from her car to the van. It was late and I could take them in tomorrow, either before or after work.
I came into the apartment...and about had a heart attack! MY REDHEAD WAS MISSING! She came out of the bedroom a brunette... well almost. Miss ornery had wrapped her head in a BROWN TOWEL! "That's not funny missy!" She looked confused, so I pointed to her head. "I thought you died it again."
Now she was laughing and throwing the towel at me, "Go take a quick shower while I dish the pizza up." and just to be ornery she shook her still wet hair at me.
I came back out to an almost dark apartment. The only light on besides the bedroom nightstand was the little light over the stove casting some light in the living room. My girl kicked back naked on the couch with the pizza box and her head back. I leaned over the back and gave her a quick kiss before coming around to sit beside her, "Hey gorgeous..."
"Hey handsome..." as she handed me my plate.
I ate and watched her staring out the patio door, a half eaten piece in her hand. "What ya thinkin' about?"
She started to take a bite, then hesitated. "The last few months, you, me, school, graduation, wondering what comes next..." then took her bite as if to chew on what she just said.
I looked at her out of the corner of my eye, "Regrets?"
She smiled at me, "No... just not where I thought I'd be."
"Where did you think you'd be?"
"Not sure really, just never considered this possibility."
"That a good thing?"
"Mmmmm hmmm." She mumbled with a mouthful of pizza. We finished the pizza in silence, glancing and smiling at each other every so often. I gathered up the plates and box and left them in the kitchen, then drug her off to the bedroom at almost midnight. It had been a long day, and as much as we wanted each other we were exhausted and tomorrow would probably be another one just like it.
DAMN I HATE ALARM CLOCKS...
I didn't have to get up, I could sleep in or laze around for a half hour or so, but I had a van full of boxes. And snuggling up behind a naked woman while she tried to put her bra and thong on just tipped the scales.
I got the boxes unloaded and actually made it in close to on time. I made the reservation for the trailer, and when the afternoon change person came in I went up to the electronics shop. Seems the store manager was just a little pleased with the video I gave him. I got the video and regular camera I had been using for the cost of a used demo unit.
"How the hell did you get those videos?"
I had to smile, "Like I said, my girl was in the competition."
He got a bit wide eyed at that. "Was she in the showers?"
That made me laugh, "No, but she was the brunette in the black bikini in the first walk through, and the redhead in the green one in the last video."
"DAMN!!"
"Yea. So do you know where a guy could get some posters made of a few pictures? I took several of her from the competition and want to get a few made."
"Jpeg's or video capture?"
"Jpeg's"
"We can do them here up to twenty four by forty eight."
"What about framing?"
"There's a shop a few blocks away we get them from, what did you have in mind?"
"Something nice to show them off, not super fancy, but not just a cheap tin plated brass strip either."
"Sounds good."
He walked us down around the shelving to a small photo section I didn't even know was there and introduced me to the young lady working it. "He needs some posters made. Use the good photo paper, and it's at my cost." Before turning back to the front of the store to a ringing bell.
She raised her eyebrows at that, but didn't say anything to him. When he left she turned to me, "So what do you need printed up?"
"I have some pictures from a competition my girlfriend was in and I want to surprise her with some posters." I held up the memory card, and she took it and popped it in. When the icons for the pictures came up we selected a few to look closer at.
These were all pictures from out front across the stage, and the one I really wanted was blurry. "Too bad you didn't have some closer ones that were clearer."
I thought for a second, then asked. "Who is going to see these?"
"Mainly me, maybe a few others. Why?"
"Could it be only you?" and held up the second memory card that had the photo secession from the back practice area.
"Uh...sure." As she took the second card and popped it in. We started scanning through them, and picked out a few in her bikini. "Oh that's a nice shot!" when we got into the third screen of icons she paused a bit as the nude ones came into view. "Oh..." She was scanning through them a bit slower now. She paused on one of her posing I took from the waist up, muscles standing out and gleaming in the light. Hard tits and nipples standing out nice and proud. "DAMN! I thought this was just some bikini contest."
"She's a body builder."
"I'll say..." She was slowly scanning through them in full screen now.
"She took second in her division and fourth overall." She had paused on a full length shot that showed her off naked body sooooo nicely. "I'd love that one for us or something like it, and a couple like it but with the bikini to hang in the living room."
"Let me go through them and I'll select a few for you to look at."
"Once we decide, how long until they are ready?"
"A few hours."
"And then I'd have to get them into a frame."
"I think I know just the frame for these."
I looked down at her, noticing her nipples trying to stand out in her top. "Call me when you have something for me to look at." and gave her my new cell number.
I went back and piddled with a few things back at work when my cell phone rang. "Hey babe."
"Hey, a couple of the girls are going to help with moving. Did you get a chance to reserve the trailer?"
"All set, just have to pick it up on the way this afternoon."
"They get off early today. Could they stop and pick it up on the way?"
"I don't see why not." I gave her the reservation number and she hung up to call the girls back.
I had no more hung up with her and the girl from the electronics shop called back. After a quick walk down to approve her selection, and her pointing out why her choices were better, it was back to work. I kicked back in the office for a bit, daydreaming about the competition weekend.
Now of course I was thinking about all the topless and naked women, I'm a guy. But I was comparing my girl to all of them. And yes there were some hot babes there, but none of them were her. The look in her eyes, the smile on her lips, the touch of her fingers...
I got a text from my girl. 'The girls said they should have everything packed up before you get to my old apartment and to get your bed out of the way at home so they can unload when they get there.'
'ok' All right... no drive down and back!
I stopped back at the electronics shop on the way home, and the posters were not dry enough to mount yet. "Give me a call when they are ready, I only live a few blocks away."
"Give me your address and I'll drop them off."
I paid for the posters and frames and headed home. First things first, I shoved all the living room furniture to the front wall to make plenty of space before tackling the bedroom. I striped the blanket and sheets off balling them up in the corner, then flipped the mattress and box spring against the wall. I had just slid the frame and box springs in place when I heard people coming in through the door.
I turned to see our black girl and two lovely mousy blonds. One very feminine with makeup and hair styling, the other more of the butch, but both in muscle shirt and jeans. The black girl made introductions and then we walked the apartment quick.
The black girl and I moved my mattress while the blonds began bringing things in from the trailer.
Now yes I'm a stereotypical guy, and once again I forgot the capabilities of these lovely ladies. I was clearing off the top of my dresser to move it to the spare bedroom when the girls came in with her mattress and flopped it on the box spring. I turned away with the last of the things from the top of the dresser and turned back to see them walking off with it before I had unloaded it. I just smiled, shook my head... AND KEPT MY MOUTH SHUT!
It was rather comical a few minutes later. I was looking out the patio door watching them work when two guys from around the complex came up. I couldn't hear what was being said, but I would guess the guys were trying to hit on them by offering to help move the heavy furniture. The butchy girl got a bit of a look on her face, nodded to the other, and they bent down and picked up the big heavy couch like it was a dime store cheepy, their muscles popping out like they were at a competition. The guys looked back and forth at the girls a bit, then at each other before beating a hasty retreat.
I was still sitting back on my couch laughing when they came in with her couch.
They were looking at me like I had horns, "What?" she said still holding the couch.
"Oh you two are just ornery. Those two aren't going to be able to get it up for a week with that ego bashing..." and rolled back laughing again.
"Well he was hitting on my girl..." and then broke out in her own little laugh with her girlfriend.
We were about finished unloading when my girl called. "Hey gorgeous!"
"Hey handsome, how's it coming along?"
"Just about finished unloading, we have a living room full of boxes."
"Cool! Do I need to get anything on the way home?"
"Hang on," I turned to the girls. "Do we need anything?"
The blonds shook their heads, the black girl hollered out "PIZZA!"
I looked at the blonds, "You girls staying for pizza?"
The butchy one looked over at the other, who said "Sure."
"Pizza for four with leftovers for the weekend would be good."
"OK, and tell them to be out of the shower when I get home."
"OK, see you in a bit."
I turned back to them, "She's grabbing pizza on the way and says to be out of the shower by the time she gets here."
We grabbed the last of the boxes and the black girl grabbed a bag from her car. The door had no more closed and the black girl was stripping down in the middle of the living room, the blonds looking at her like she was crazy.
"Hey, he's been to the competition so he knows what you look like.." and headed for the shower.
There was a knock at the door, and I opened it to find the sales girl from the electronics shop with a big flat package. "Well hello, you found the place."
"No problem."
I ushered her in and closed the door behind her. "So how'd they come out?"
"See for yourself." She pulled the framed posters from the box. The first one was the full pose, the second was the upper body close up, both with bikini.
The blonds were admiring them over our shoulders, "And what about that third one?"
She glanced at the blondes and then at me.
"It's ok, they're bodybuilders too."
She pulled out the third one, the topless version of the second. We just looked at it for a few minutes.
"Now that just makes you want to lean over and nibble on them..." the feminine blond said slowly. The butchy one snickered and the sales girl gasped then snickered as well.
"NOW THAT'S FUCKIN' HOT!" the black girl exclaimed. We turned to see her standing there with a towel on her head...and nothing else. She strolled forward and took the poster in her hands, holding it just under her big tits, the large gold rings dangling just above it. "Does she know about these yet?"
"Nope."
"Put them away and we'll surprise her later." She turned to the blonds, "And you two better get in the shower before she gets home."
"We didn't bring a change of clothes..."
I looked at them with a grin. "Well you could always toss your stuff in the wash and just stay the night."
The black girl gave me a light slap on the shoulder, "You just want to see them naked." That got a gasp from both of them and the sales girl.
I just put my hands on my hips like it was stupid statement. "Of course I do, I'm a guy. And it's not like you don't want to see them naked either!"
The sales girl looked like she was going to have a heart attack and the blonds just shrugged and began stripping down, tossing their clothes at the black girl. Muscle shirts and jeans first, revealing what I had been getting glimpses of all evening. The butchy one on plain, but sheer, white bra and boy short panties, the feminine one on a light blue lace bra and matching sheer lace thong.
My cock was growing as they peeled off the bras to add to the pile, but the panties were thrown at me. I caught them and made a big production at sniffing them. "Ewwww..." They hollered with grins as the headed for the bathroom.
The black girl took them from me and deposited the whole pile in the washer. I turned back to the sales girl, who didn't look like she had moved. "Sorry about that, they can get a bit carried away."
The black girl came back beside us, turned me toward her, "Like hell, you're the one that's overdressed." She grabbed my shirt and pulled it over my head up to my wrists and stopped. While I was busy trying to finish taking it off my pants were attacked, dropping them to my ankles.
I was standing there in my boxers and the black girl was reaching for them when I stopped her, "We have company..."
The black girl was on her knees holding my boxers around my hard cock to make it stand out even more. She looked up at the sales girl, "You mind?"
The sales girl looked at me, I shrugged, she turned back to the black girl at my feet and shook her head. Not sure if she didn't mind or if she didn't want her to continue, but the black girl took it as a sign to continue. She didn't even have my boxers down past my knees when she took me in her mouth. I took half a step back and leaned against the end of the couch, causing my cock to come out of her mouth with a pop.
"Oh no you don't!" and she scooted forward and took me in again. She was starting to get a good rhythm going, and I was watching the sales girl staring at my white cock going in and out of those black lips when my girl came in the front door.
She saw what was going on and tossed the pizzas on the island. "Oh no you don't you hussy, I got first dibs on that tonight!" she pushed the black girl to one side, with another pop of my cock coming out, and took right up where the black girl had left off.
I was close before, but with my redhead sucking me off, the black girl now leaning back with legs spread fingering her pussy and cupping her pierced tit, the sales girl cupping hers over her shirt, and now the two blonds standing in the doorway with the butchy one reaching around and playing with the others tits and nipples I wasn't going to hold off. "Ahhhhhhhh..."
I let several shots go while she was smiling around my cock, and just when I thought I had shot the last into her she slid a finger in my ass to my prostrate. "Oh son of a biiiii..." I was spasming again and again while she worked my prostrate and jamming me in her mouth. When she pulled her finger from my ass I collapsed to the floor in front of her.
She leaned back on her heals and wiped a few dribbles from her lips grinning at me. "Now I really need a shower..." she pulled me to my feet, but not before I noticed a bit of a wet spot in the sales girls jeans...
She was stripping as we went to the bathroom all grins. We got in under the warm water and began soaping each other down. "So how was class?" as I began running my soapy hands over her firm tits and hard nipples.
"Mmmmmm... The usual." As she was soaping my chest hair between her fingers.
I pulled her closer to be able to run my hands over her ass. "So when are finals?"
She put her arms around my neck and gave me a soft kiss. "Next Thursday and Friday, one each." rubbing her nipples in my now soapy chest hair.
I turned a bit to be able to put a finger down the crack of her ass to her rosebud and the other to her clit. "And graduation?" as I slipped the finger in her ass two knuckles deep.
"Ahhhhh..." she was panting a bit, "Two...weeks...after..." as I began working the finger in and out of her ass while flicking her clit from side to side.
"And after that you're all mine in the evenings." I slipped the finger from her clit to deep in her pussy and the one in her ass as far as I could, giving them both the best finger fuck I could standing beside her.
She held off for a few strokes, then grabbed me trembling in a nice little orgasm. "OHHHHH YESSSSSS..." she screamed.
I held her for as long as I could, but I'm not that strong...yet. We did manage to finish soaping up, and even did each other's hair. We were toweling off and walking out front to a round of applause. She turned into my shoulder to bury her head and I did a bit of a bow as best I could with her plastered to me.
The girls meanwhile had pushed all the boxes to the wall, put the two coffee tables end to end and the two couches on either side. Having spread two pizza boxes out on the coffee tables we had out own little buffet! The blonds and the black girl were munching down
"What happened to our sales girl?"
The butchy girl spoke up first, "She had to leave about the time you were making her scream in the shower." Then took another bite giggling.
"OH GOD!" my girl exclaimed as she put her head in her hands.
"I'll accept that..."
Her head came right back up and she slapped me on the shoulder, and not a light play slap either, but I still laughed. She finally did to and it was munch time again. The girls were talking about how to arrange things in the place with lots of hand waiving and titty jiggling...LOTS of titty jiggling!
The black girl tuned to me and winked, "So where are you going to put the awards shelf and pictures?"
I smiled knowing what was coming. "Probably up behind the TV, it's the only wall big enough to hold it all."
She turned to me, "What pictures?"
"Oh didn't I tell you, I had some of the pictures from the competition blown up to poster size. We can put two of them out here, the third will probably have to go in the bedroom though."
"WHAT pictures?!!"
I pointed to the box against the island, and while she was sitting there with her mouth open the feminine blond got up and grabbed them handing them to her.
She lifted the already opened flap on the box and looked around at the girls. "I'm assuming you've already seen these?" the girls all grinned and the black girl gave her a thumbs up. She groaned and tipped her head back for am moment, let out a sigh, and then pulled them up out of the box.
"Oh wow..." As the first one came into view. "That turned out pretty good." She looked it over, running her hand across it a bit, then putting it aside for the next one, the upper body close up. She stared at it for just a bit before getting to the last one. She revealed the topless upper body close up and snickered, "You had to get that one didn't you..."
"It was a hard choice between that one and the close up of your dripping pussy."
Her head snapped to me, "YOU DIDN'T!"
"No, but I did think about it."
The butchy one popped in, "Yea, we know what you were thinking about."
She turned to me and wrapped her arm around my neck, "You just wait mister..." giving me a nice kiss.
Then the blonds chirped in, "Where's all the pictures... we want to see the pictures!"
"Oh all right..." she gave in. I got the laptop and hooked it to the TV and set it on slide show while we finished up. And yes they did stop the slide show long enough to verify her pussy was dripping when I was taking the pictures. But what really got their attention was the set of one of the ex-girlfriends crew. The first part was surprising, but they were hooting and hollering when she stripped her bikini off for a naked set as well.
Then the black girl had to ask, "What about the dance?"
The blonds heads came around, "WHAT DANCE?"
So then she had to go into the banquet evening after the first day, getting her hair done and borrowing a dress, while I flipped through the computer and found the folder with those pictures in it. "I haven't had a chance to go through these yet, they are straight out of the camera. No cropping or color balance or anything yet."
"Shut up and platy the pictures..." the black girl spouted. "I haven't seen them either!"
We kick back to watch the slide show. Me on one end with her cuddled back against me. The butchy blond with the feminine one cuddled back against her, and the black girl on her belly in front of us with her legs spread around ours.
She got hoots and whistles with the first picture of her in that dress. I was right, she looked like a runway fashion model. I could feel her nipples crinkling up in my palms as the girls complimented her on the look. It went off into more of what I took before the actual dance, and I was expecting it to end about there, but it seems someone had picked up the camera and taken a few of us together out on the dance floor.
I got some more whistles about my white dinner jacket, and the slide show ended on a nice one of us kissing on the dance floor. I just sat there holding her and looking at it in silence with everybody else. I gave her tits a bit of a squeeze and leaned in close to her ear. "I do love you." I said softly before I kissed her neck.
She turned toward me a bit. "I love you too." And laid her cheek to mine.
"AWWWWWWW!!" came the chorus from the girls, then a lot of giggling and laughing.
We left that one up on the screen a bit while we picked up our mess. I shut it down before it burnt into the TV, and put some mellow jazz on the stereo and pulled her to me. We cuddled and danced naked in our own house, good friends around us. She was leaning against my chest, and started yawning. It wasn't as late as last night, but it was still after eleven.
I pulled her back from me, we said our good nights and went to bed...and there were no sheets! I picked up the ball of sheets from my bed and took them to the spare bedroom for the girls. She was bent over putting a sheet on the bed when I came in. "Damn if I wasn't so tired..."
She looked over her shoulder grinning at me. "There's always tomorrow morning... no work remember?"
I came up behind her putting my hands on her hips and then helping her stand up so I could cup those delicious tits. "You got a deal gorgeous." We grabbed the comforter and pillows, crawled in, and said maybe ten words before we were out.
For those of you that have stuck with me on this series, thank you. And don't forget to scroll down a bit further to vote, it is appreciated.