"Which one?" you shout from the bedroom.
"The one I like, with the yellow flowers!" I holler up the stairs to you.
"Fine, fine, take it easy!" your good-natured reply comes echoing throughout the house.
I'm sitting on the couch, waiting for you. We have no real plans today but that doesn't mean I don't have something planned for you.
Sundays, I wax poetic to myself, are nice.
I'm lazily reading a golf magazine while I wait for you. Apparently I can fix my game in only three easy steps! I don't mind the wait at all. We've got all the windows open and an absolutely beautiful breeze is blowing through the house, billowing the curtains and basking me in warmth. A cup of coffee is sitting on the table to my right. I bring it to my lips and I almost drop it when I see the sight thats at the top of the stairs.
You are stunning. That yellow flower sundress was an excellent decision. My eyes follow your shapely legs, placed firmly in some sort of strappy sandal, lead me up to your thighs, which disappear underneath your dress. My gaze drifts upwards towards your perfect breasts, which you have proudly on display; the view of your chest interrupted by your long dark hair which you have decided to wear down. That mouth of yours is fabulous, full lips that I plan on putting to good use later.
I stand up and saw "Madam, your chariot awaits" as I genuflect.
"Oh sir, do guide the way!" and I take your daintily offered hand. I lead you out the door.
We walk down the driveway and I can't take my eyes off your body. I follow behind you and your firm, full ass is a sight of which I'll never tire. I watch you closely and try to figure out if you're wearing anything underneath. I can't decide, if you are, it certainly is tiny.
We get into the car and I head for the interstate. It's perfect day for a drive.
After about 20 minutes, I notice that a semi has been driving next to us for the last mile or so.
"I think you have an admirer" and I gesture my head towards to the semi driving next to us.
"What? That's ridiculous. No way."
"Honey, it's true. He's been driving next to us at the same speed for at least 10 minutes now. You just haven't noticed."
"Even if that's true, why would he?"
"You're kidding, right? Just look at you."
"So, you mean, he would probably like it if I did this?" and you squeeze your arms together from the shoulders, causing your tits to swell. I start to get hard and you notice. "Hmm...I see our trucker friend isn't the only one who's enjoying the show."
"No, he certainly is not" as I shoot you a smile.
"What about now, do you think he'd like it if I showed him these?" and your take the bottom of your dress and drag it up your thighs, getting halfway up before deciding that you've shown enough for the moment.
"Keep going."
"How?"
"Like this" and I take the strap of your dress closest to me and pull it off your left shoulder.
"Oh I see" you grin at me "like this?" and then the other strap is gone.
You look out the passenger side window and make eye contact with him. He's in a bind now. Clearly he wants to keep enjoying the show but he's got to also make sure he doesn't crash his truck. I silently wonder how one would go about explaining that to one's boss. Sir, you don't understand, she was really hot! I doubt that would fly with the boss.
You have no mercy for the poor guy. I watch squeeze your tits together while digging your fingers into your thighs. I'm having some trouble focusing on the road myself, but I don't want to do anything to ruin the moment. This is one of my biggest fantasies and I'm not going to let a little thing driving off the road into the median worry me at the moment.
It's clear to us both that the truck driver has unbutton his pants and is stroking himself. You give him no indication that he should stop, in fact, you only encourage him with you do next.
"Honey, can you unzip the back of my dress?"
"You're serious?"
"I am, I know you're enjoying this as much as he is."
You turn your back to me in the your seat so I can get at the zipper at the back of your yellow flowered sundress. You lean over, simultaneously giving me access to the zipper on your dress and giving him a great shot of your cleavage. He's entranced with your body. Every curve is perfectly placed and you radiate a sexuality that affects anyone playing the slightest bit of attention to you. And with the way you look, everyone pays attention to you.
I do my best to keep my eyes on the road. By the time I glance back to you, you've peeled off the top half of your dress and you're sitting in the passenger seat proudly displaying your fantastic tits in a black bra. I watch you take your tits into your hands and massage them. Your eyelids become heavy and you get lost in sensation, and your mouth opens slightly as your breathing increases in depth.
There's a battle going on in your head now. One one hand, the desire to put on a show which you know turns me on. And on the other, your own desires. The deeply entrenched need to give your body the pleasure it wants. I watch your hands closely and it's clear to me which side is winning the fight.
You pull up your dress now and put one foot on the dashboard. You give him a beautiful view of the tiny thong you're wearing. Your fingers dance for a moment on the waistband...and then slide underneath.
A moan escapes your lips while you slowly work your aching pussy. Your left hand is between your thighs and your right is mauling your tits. I've been hard watching you the whole and now my cock is begging for an escape. I rest my hand on it and give it and a squeeze, resisting the temptation to take it and stroke while you give us both this fabulous show.
He's intently watching you now. He must be the best truck driver in history; how he's able to keep his eyes on you and keep his truck on the road is a mystery. Clearly this man deserves a raise.
"We have to pull over, this isn't safe," I say to you through an enormous smile.
"Do...whatever you want...I have to...cummmm." And with that, your body starts shaking. Your legs quiver and your mount lets loose a moan that almost makes me cum, even with my cock still trapped in my pants.
You slowly regain control of yourself and start to put your sundress back on. "No" I say "leave it off" and I give you a devilish smile.
I jump on the gas and we accelerate ahead of the truck, ruining his view of your luscious body. He honks his horn in either appreciation or frustration that it's over. He doesn't know that it's just getting started.
We pull in front of him and flash the turn signal at him as we pass a sign that reads "rest area: 1 mile." He figures out what we're getting at and slowly follows us off the highway. You look in the rear view mirror to get a better look at our soon-to-be voyeur. I raise my eyebrows at you questioningly.
"He's mid-fifties maybe. Hair slightly graying, not bad looking at all" as you pull your dress back on, realizing you're going to have to get out of the car in a few moments.
"It's probably been decades since he's seen a body like yours."
"Where should we go?" You ask as I pull into a parking spot.
"Over there, behind those trees."
"You better put hide that thing" as you gesture at my painfully hard cock.
I smile and get out of the car, you do the same. We watch the trucker slow to a stop and climb down from the driver's seat. He spots us and follows and does his best impression of someone going for a casual walk to stretch their legs. It's less than convincing.
By the time he catches up to us, you're already on your knees voraciously sucking my thick hard cock. You love it so much you're moaning and grabbing your tits. We have enough privacy but the element of danger is revving us all up, especially you.
I lift my shirt up slightly so you can have better access to my cock and you tug my pants down. I take one hand and place it gently on the back of your head, guiding you. You've always loved taking my cock into your mouth and I know you need no guidance, but I love doing it anyway.
He gets closer to us, only a few feet away. I see you eye him. We don't know what's going to happen. He gets closer now, within an arm's reach of you.
"Goddamit, she looks so good" he moan at us as he reaches down to release himself from his jeans. You purr at the compliment. He takes out his cock and starts to stroke it in a rhythm that matches what you're doing do me. You take my cock deep into your throat, all the way down and I let out a moan at how good it feels. Then you slowly withdraw, never breaking eye contact with him. You draw you tongue from underneath the head of my cock and swirl it around the tip. With the shaft my cock grasped firmly in your hand, you turn towards him and arch your back. Being on your knees, he has an excellent view of the tits you're proudly displaying. In a smooth motion, you turn back to me and swallow my cock deep into your hot mouth.
I'm getting close and you can feel it. You suck hard on the head of my cock and stroke my shaft with a twisting motion that make me crazy. I'm pumping my hips now, pushing my hard cock back into your mouth every time it threatens to escape.
He's watching you, staring at your body and starting to shake. He's moaning now, mouth open staring at you, stroking quickly a cock nearly the size of mine. With a final jerk he becomes to cum. Ropes of cum shoot of him in amounts that neither of us would have believed he was capable. He stands there for a moment after his explosion, red faced and a satisfied smile on his face.
I've been on the edge the whole time and now it's my turn. I place one hand on your shoulder and the other on the back of your head. I gently move the hair from your face so he can see the final act. My cock is swollen, deep in your mouth. Now your eyes are locked on mine, begging me to fill your mouth with my hot, white cum. You're sucking hard and fast, moaning and encouraging me to finish in your sexy mouth. Just one final time I'm engulfed by your mouth and finally I explode into your tongue with your lips locked firmly onto my pulsating cock. You don't release me, you just take it all down and I pump your mouth. My orgasm slowly recedes and I button up my pants. By the time we both look up, the trucker is smiling and starting to walk away.
The drive home is much less eventful, but I know that I catch some guys check you as we drive next to them. Just what I wanted.