I'm a married man, and for the first 12 years of that marriage, my wife and I had what you might call a pretty unremarkable sex life. I don't mean to denigrate it. We had sex reasonably often and we both enjoyed it, but we never really did anything surprising or noteworthy, anything that would be worth writing a story about. We were just a typical suburban couple with two kids and a dog and your usual set of problems. But all that changed last summer.
We decided to rent a house in the Berkshires (in Western Massachusetts) with another couple and their kids. Eric had been my best friend ever since freshman year of college at Syracuse. His wife, Serena, is wonderful and always got along beautifully with my wife, Amanda. Like us, they have two kids, ages seven and four at the time, and even though we only see them once or twice a year at most (because we live in different states) the kids always love getting together. So we decided to rent a house in the Berkshires, which was roughly halfway between us, and spend an extended weekend together.
The house was beautiful and perfect for the eight of us. The interior had the feel of a log cabin with a large, high-ceilinged main room with exposed log beams. The main room contained a large kitchen, dining area, and family room area with a big fireplace. Just off the main room, on the first floor, were a pair of adjoining bedrooms, each with king beds. Amanda and I took one of them and Eric and Serena took the other. On the edge of the main room, a staircase led up to a loft area that had another large bedroom with two bunk beds. All four of the kids slept there, and loved sharing a room.
The house itself was situated on a large secluded property adjoining a small private lake. There was a hot tub in the back and beautiful fire pit area just on the edge of the lake. A small wooden dock stretched into the lake, perfect for running and jumping into the lake but not much else. Trails led in several different directions into the surrounding forest.
We all arrived around the same time on Thursday, just after 2:00 in the afternoon. Our kids had slept the entire drive and were eager to do something, but their kids hadn't slept at all and were badly in need of a nap. So after we all greeted each other and unpacked a bit, we decided we'd take our kids on a bike ride while Eric and Serena's kids took a nap. We brought our bikes with us, including a little trailer that our littlest one, Sam, could be towed around in. So we set off down the road to explore the surrounding area. I had Sam in tow.
After about 10 minutes, my hamstring started to ache. I'd strained it a few weeks earlier and apparently it hadn't fully healed. I told Amanda and she suggested we trade bikes and that I head back to the house. She'd take Sam and keep riding for a while longer with Emily (our 7 year old). I agreed and started back in the direction we came. I got back about 15 minutes later and rode my bike around to the lake side of the house to park it. The back side of the house, which faced the private lake, was virtually all glass, with floor to ceiling windows that led out to a large deck area. As I walked onto the deck and up to the back door, I froze in my tracks. Through the window, I could see Serena bobbing up and down on the couch. She was topless. It took me a few moments to process what I was seeing. There was a large sectional sofa just inside the windows, facing toward the inside of the house. I could see that Erik was sitting on the couch, too, though I could only see the very back of his head. Serena was straddling him, facing toward me. She was naked, and they were clearly having sex, right there on the couch. I was so caught off guard that it took me a while to realize that, if I could see Serena's face, she could certainly see me, at least if she happened to look in my direction. Slowly, I backed up, not wanting to attract any attention to myself. I was only about twenty feet away from them. I managed to retreat behind a large tree. As soon as I was safely out of sight, I peered my head around the tree and continued to watch them.
Serena looked stunning. She was a uniquely beautiful woman, half Brazilian and half Japanese; her father was a Japanese businessman who had worked in Brazil and met her mother before coming to the states. It was a combination of ethnicities I'd never encountered in anyone other than her. Like most Asian women, she was short, had a dark complexion and long, straight black hair, but her face looked more Brazilian than Japanese. She had a strikingly pretty face, with sharp features and piercing eyes, and she had a wonderfully curvy body, large hips and breasts, which she liked to show off with yoga pants and tight fitting tank tops.
I'd never seen her naked until then, but I'd imagined it many times and was savoring every second of it. Her breasts were spectacular, full and springy. Her pace had increased and she was really bouncing up and down, her arms locked around Eric's neck as he buried his face in her breasts. Judging from her facial expressions, she was really close to climaxing. Sure enough, a few moments later she bit her lip and seemed to stifle a scream. Then she slowly came to a stop. She was smiling and seemed to be panting hard, trying to catch her breath. Eventually they both got up and walked toward the bedrooms. The sight of Serena, completely naked, her hips swaying as she walked away, was intensely arousing. I realized that I had a massive erection.
And just then my daughter Emily rolled around the side of the house on her bike. "Hi daddy," she belted out, "why are you hiding behind that tree?"
Thankfully, Eric and Serena had retired to their bedroom and closed the door. Adjusting my pants, I stepped out from behind the tree and smiled. "I was just waiting to surprise you, kiddo, but I guess I didn't hide good enough."
At that moment, Amanda came around the side of the house, carrying Sam. and gave me a weird look. "What are you doing out here, Jake? How's your leg?"
I gave her the I'll tell you later look and just said "the leg's better, thanks." I wasn't sure whether I should tell her about what I just witnessed, but I knew I eventually would tell her, likely as soon as we had a moment to ourselves. I was never good at keeping secrets and Amanda could read me like no one else. She'd know that there was something on my mind, so there was no point trying to keep it from her.
Amanda was an impressive woman in every way. She was an amazing mom, a successful lawyer, and at age 35, still incredibly youthful and radiant. She was about 5'7'' - a good five inches taller than Serena - with an olive complexion and long curly brown hair. She was not nearly as curvy as Serena, but she was slender and athletic and very beautiful, just in a more conventional sort of way. And at that moment, as she stepped onto the deck, sweat glistening on her skin, she looked incredibly hot. I was fired up and anxious to get her alone as soon as possible.
As is often the case on a family vacation, however, we didn't have any alone time until much later that night. The kids played, we barbecued, and then we all took turns in the hot tub while others sat around the fire pit. At one point, I found myself in the hot tub with just Serena and the two littlest kids (our son, Sam, and their daughter, Haley). Serena was wearing a standard two piece, nothing particularly racy, but having seen her naked and in the throes of an orgasm just a few hours earlier, I couldn't help but mentally undress her, over and over again. Before long I had another rock hard erection. Luckily the bubbles from the jets obscured her view. I think she sensed that I was acting unusual, though, because she kept glancing at me with a quizzical look. Was it possible she was wondering if I'd seen them fucking earlier? The more I thought about it, the more certain I was that they wanted to be seen, or at least that the potential of being seen was part of the thrill for them. Why else would they have sex in the main room, right in front of the windows, when they had their own bedroom? Were our friends closet exhibitionists? How had I never known this? I was dying to talk about all this with Amanda.
Several hours later, after we'd put the kids to bed and watched most of a movie with Eric and Serena, we each retired to our respective rooms. The bedroom set up was interesting. Each of our bedrooms was large and they were connected by a shared jack-and-jill type bathroom with doors opening into each of the bedrooms. The shared bathroom was huge, with a large shower stall, a jacuzzi tub, two sinks, and two separate toilets, each in their own little separate doored-off enclaves for privacy. Despite the size, the four of us tripped over each other a bit as we got ready for bed, clearly not used to sharing a bathroom. Amanda wore her normal sleep clothes, a pair of short pajama shorts and a cotton tank top. But when Serena came into the room to brush her teeth, she was in a black satin nightie that was as short as one could possibly be without revealing her ass and pussy. Literally every inch of her legs were visible, as was a fair amount of cleavage. I couldn't help but stare, at least for a moment, and I could tell Amanda was similarly surprised to see her so scantily clad.
The second we were alone in our bedroom, Amanda commented, as I knew she would. "So apparently I didn't get the memo that we were supposed to model our lingerie to each other. Maybe tomorrow I can wear that see-through thing you bought me and show everyone my vagina." My wife is the most sarcastic person I know, so this was par for the course. I laughed and then decided it was finally time to share what I saw earlier.
"You don't know the half of it. When I came back earlier, from the bike ride, I walked around the back. You know what I saw?"
"What?" I could tell I'd peaked her curiosity. I had her full attention.
"Let's just say Serena and Eric were enjoying their alone time."
"What?! They were screwing? Where?"
"In the main room, on the couch."
"Are you serious?! Did they see you?"
"I don't think so."
"Were they naked?"
"Oh yeah. I could only see the back of Eric's head, but Serena was bobbing up and down on his lap."
"So you saw her tits?!"
"Um...yeah. It would have been hard not to."
"Yeah, I'm sure it was a terrible experience for you. So that's why you were hiding behind that tree, you peeping tom."
I just shrugged.
"Do you think they wanted us to catch them?"
"I've been thinking about that all night. I think they must have. Or at least they got some kind of thrill out of the possibility that we might come back and catch them. Why else would they do it there, in front of the windows?"
"So they're a couple of exhibitionists? Wow. How did we not know that?"
"I was thinking about that. I've known Eric forever, since well before he ever met her. I don't think it's him. I think it's her. She was the one facing the window, putting on the show. She seemed to be..."
I didn't finish my thought because at that moment I heard something. Amanda clearly heard it too because she looked in the same direction, toward the other bedroom. It had sounded like a moan. We heard it again. It was unmistakable. The sound of sex.
Amanda was the first to get up. She didn't say anything. She just stood and walked toward the bathroom that connected our rooms. The door to our room was already slightly ajar. I watched as she opened it quietly and slipped into the bathroom. The sounds continued, a creaking of the bed punctuated by an occasional moan. After a minute or so, I too got up off the bed and walked toward the bathroom. I tip-toed through the door. The light in the bathroom was off and it was quite dark inside, but there was a sliver of light coming through the doorway on the far side, which was slightly ajar. I could see Amanda's silhouette, standing just inside the doorway, peering through. I approached her from behind, slowly, until I was standing right behind her, looking over her shoulder. Although I knew what I was going to see, I was still not fully prepared for it. A lamp was on in the room, on the nightstand, providing more than enough light to see Eric and Serena in all of their glory.
Serena was on top of him, riding him. Her black nightie was crumpled up around her waist, her breasts completely exposed. Eric was cupping her breasts in his hands while she had her own hands planted firmly on his bare chest, supporting herself as she ground her hips into him. She was absolutely stunning and this was the most erotic thing I'd ever witnessed, by a mile. I'd never been more aroused.
If you'd asked me a week earlier how Amanda would have reacted to such a sight, I wouldn't have had the first clue. She'd never given me any inkling that she had any voyeuristic tendencies; she'd never even had any interest in watching pornography, despite my best efforts to convince her. But it was obvious that she was incredibly turned on by what she was seeing. One of her hands was down between her legs, touching herself through her pajama shorts. I kissed her on the neck and her whole body seemed to pulse in response. I put my hands on her hips. There was no resistance. She wanted me to touch her.
As we watched them fuck, I continued to kiss her neck and caress her body, my hard-on raging, poking her ass through my boxers. Eventually I couldn't take it anymore. I reached down and slid her panties and pajama shorts down in one smooth motion. She jerked her head around to look at me, about to protest, but then she seemed to stifle her instinct, and she turned her head back to the scene in the bedroom, without saying anything. That was as much of a green light as I was going to get. I pulled my boxers down until they dropped to the floor, lined up my cock behind her opening, and drove it in. She was already incredibly wet and it went in smoothly. She stifled a gasp as I pushed it in as far as it would go, until my abdomen was flush against her ass. I continued to thrust into her in long strokes, pausing for a few seconds each time I reached maximum penetration. With my hands, I lifted her cotton tank top up until it was above her breasts, freeing them for me to cup with my hands.
In the bedroom, Serena crawled off of Eric and got onto all fours next to him. She put her hands on the headboard and stuck her ass up in the air. It was clear that she wanted to be fucked doggy-style, and Eric wasted no time, maneuvering up onto his knees behind her. There was something so incredibly sexy about a woman choosing to be fucked doggy-style. I often had sex with Amanda in that position and she seemed to enjoy it reasonably well, but she never initiated it. Not once in the entire time we'd been together. Seeing Serena so clearly demand to be fucked that way, all without saying a word, was beyond arousing. I had to stop what I was doing for a moment so as not to come right then and there.
Eric entered her quickly from behind and immediately began thrusting aggressively. The slapping sounds were now audible and Serena's moaning was getting louder and more frequent. She let go of the headboard and let her head fall down onto the pillow, her unbelievable ass now the only part of her body that was raised in the air. I could see that with one of her hands, she was now reaching up between her legs, stroking her clit as Eric continued to thrust into her. Amanda was doing the same, fingering herself as I fucked her from behind.
Serena was the first of us to come. She announced it, panting "oh god, I'm coming," and shook for a few seconds from head to toe as the orgasm gripped her. Eric had clearly been holding out for her because just seconds later he grunted, said "oh god," and then came to a stop. He came inside her.
The sight of them climaxing pushed Amanda over the edge, because a few seconds later I felt her clench up on my cock and let out an involuntary squeal, the first real sound either of us had made the entire time we'd been standing there. And the second it escaped her lips, she panicked, undoubtedly fearing that Eric and Serena had heard her and mortified at the prospect of being caught. In her reflex to flee, she pulled free from me. The problem was, I had been in the middle of coming myself, so just as she pulled away, loads of cum came shooting out of my cock. I tend to have a lot of cum under normal circumstances, but in this case, I hadn't ejaculated in over a week and had been hyper-aroused all day. So I just drenched her. It landed all over her ass and legs, with much of it dripping onto the floor.
Amanda froze for a moment, stunned by the sudden turn of events. But she regrouped quickly, remembering where we were, and began ushering me back into the bedroom. As she pushed me along, she reached down and grabbed both of our shorts, using her own to quickly mop up what she could of the cum on the floor. When we got into our bedroom, I jumped onto the bed. Amanda quietly shut the bathroom door behind us and then stood at the edge of the bed, panting and using my boxers to wipe the cum off of her body. She had a frazzled grin on her face.
"I can't believe that just happened," she whispered.
"I'm sorry," I responded, "I wasn't expecting you to pull away when you did."
"Not that, you idiot. I don't care about your cum," she said as she climbed into bed, still naked from the waist down. "I mean watching our friends fuck each other. And then doing the same thing. Right there. Where they might have seen us. And holy shit! They had to have heard me when I came. That was loud, Jake!"
She was very worked up, talking a mile a minute. And the cursing. I couldn't remember her ever having used the word "fuck" to describe sex. It just wasn't like her. She was exhilarated, mainc, like someone who'd just had her first skydive and was still coming down from the high.
"Relax, Amanda, it doesn't matter if they heard you. They wanted us to watch. They left their door open. They left the lamp on so we could see them. They did all of that on purpose. Just like they did earlier, by the window."
By her silence, I knew she understood and agreed. She just wanted me to say it. Wanted the reassurance.
She finally spoke, "God, Jake, that was so hot. I've never felt like that before."
"Yeah, I'm not gonna argue with that. It was hot. And the hottest part was how turned on you got. Who knew you were such a voyeur?" I grinned a little.
"I'm not a nun, Jake. I like sex." She was indignant, but still smiling, "and I think even a nun would have touched herself watching that."
I laughed out loud at that.
"Is it gonna be weird tomorrow, Jake?" She was now curled up beside me, her faced only a few inches from mine.
"Not if we don't let it," I said, as reassuringly as I could. But I was worried about that myself.
---
The next day was relatively uneventful, at least for the first half. We made a big breakfast and the kids played together. It was a hot day, so by early afternoon, the kids were all eager to go for a dip in the lake. The seven year olds (Emily and Michael) were fine on their own, but the little ones (Sam and Haley) required supervision, so Eric and I volunteered to go in with them. As Sam and Haley waded in tentatively, Eric and I stood nearby and talked, the first real opportunity we'd had to do so since we arrived. We caught up on all the normal stuff, our jobs, our buddies from college, the pathetic state of Syracuse football. After a while there was a pause in the conversation. Eric broke the silence.
"You know, I got up to go to the bathroom last night and there was something sticky all over the floor. Right by our door. Did one of you guys spill something?" He said it so deadpan that I thought for a moment that he was genuinely curious. But then I looked over and saw the smirk creeping across his face.
"Dude..." was all I could manage, shaking my head. Then we looked at each other and started cracking up. Finally I gathered myself and spoke. "So what the hell is going on with you guys? Since when are you full on exhibitionists? You do know I saw you through the window earlier in the day too, right?"
"Holy shit. Really? I told her that was too much. Did your kids see?"
"No, just me. I came back before them."
"God, I'm sorry, man. It's Serena. She get's off on it. And I've gotta admit, it keeps things interesting. But we'll be more careful."
"No, man, you don't need to apologize. I didn't mind." I smiled a sheepishly. "And don't tell her I told you this, but Amanda got off big time on your little show last night."
"Ah, so that was your gizz all over the floor. How the hell did that happen anyway?"
I described the whole encounter, including Amanda's moment of panic that led to my cum ending up all over the place. We laughed again.
"Oh man, that's awesome. You know this means you guys owe us a show now, right?"
"Yeah, I wouldn't hold your breath on that one. Amanda doesn't even like to have sex with the light on. I think having an audience would give her an anxiety attack. But then again, I never knew she was such a voyeur."
Just then, Sam slipped in the water and started crying, so I rushed to help, putting an end to the conversation. Sam wanted his mommy, so I walked him up to the edge of the lake, where Serana and Amanda looked to be engaged in a pretty intense conversation, which I had clearly interrupted.
Later, after Sam had calmed down, I tried to ask Amanda what she and Serena were talking about, but we were interrupted by the other kids. She mouthed to me, "I'll tell you later."
The rest of the afternoon was a blur of activity. Biking. Making dinner. Playing games with the kids. Making s'mores around the fire pit. When it was finally time for the kids to go to bed, I got stuck with story duty. They were all exhausted, though, so I didn't have to read for long. By the time I got back downstairs, everyone else was gone. I soon discovered they were all out sitting around the fire pit again. As I was walking out to them, I saw Eric pass Amanda some kind green metallic stick, which she immediately put in her mouth. A moment later she blew something out of her mouth.
"Are you smoking?" I asked, incredulously. Amanda had literally never smoked a cigarette in her life. Or so she always said.
"I believe the technical term is vaping," she said, giggling.
"So you've made it 35 years without nicotine and you suddenly decide you need a fix?"
"First, who died and made you my dad? Second, it's not nicotine, smart guy." She sounded strange.
Eric chimed in. "It's not an e-cig, man, it's an e-joint. I got it when I was out in Seattle. It uses cannabis oil. Pretty sweet, huh?"
"Really?" I replied, "Amanda's getting high? I don't think I've ever seen that. This should be fun." Amanda gave me a smirk, as if to say, 'there's a lot you don't know about me, buddy.'
"Come on, take a drag, Jake" Serena said.
"Don't mind if I do." I took the little green stick and took a big drag off it. It felt like nothing, but when I exhaled, a whole ton of water vapor came out. And sure enough, I could feel the buzz almost immediately. I'd smoked quite a bit of pot in college, but it had been at least 10 years since I'd been high. I'd forgotten what it felt like. It was nice. As we sat around the fire, laughing and giggling, it felt like we were back in college again.
Amanda eventually admitted that she had never really smoked pot, which was what I had thought. She'd tried to take a drag a few times in college and didn't really know how to do it and had never succeeded in getting high. Until now. And she seemed to be really enjoying it. She was giggly and touchy-feely and just generally flirtatious, which was really refreshing. It reminded me of when we were dating.
Eventually we all tired of being outside and returned to the house. The munchies had struck, so Eric made some popcorn and we started watching TV. An episode of True Detective was on, from the first season. It was somewhere in the middle of the episode, but we all liked the show and didn't know what else to watch, so we left it on. After a while, we'd all finished our bowls of popcorn, and Serena, evidently wanting more, got up and walked over behind the center island of the kitchen. At the same time, Eric got up to use the bathroom. I was about to go get some more popcorn myself when I noticed what was happening on the TV. It was that scene where Matthew McConaughey gets seduced by Woody Harrelson's wife. Knowing where the scene was headed, I decided to wait and watch. Before long, they were fucking, McConaughey drilling her from behind. It was probably the pot, but for some reason, the scene had quite an effect on me. My blood was pumping and I had an instant erection.
When it was over, Amanda put her hand on my thigh, jolting me out of my trance. I looked over, wondering what she wanted. It was then that I saw it. Serena was still where she had been before the scene started, bending over the kitchen island, watching the TV as she picked the remaining popcorn out of the bag. But she was no longer alone. Eric was now standing right behind her, watching the TV over her shoulders. Though the room lights were off, in the glow of the TV, I could see that Eric had his hands down on Serena's hips and that her summer dress was bunched up on her back. He was fucking her. I was sure of it. And by the look of shock on her face, I could tell Amanda was sure too.
It may have been the sexiest thing I've ever seen. Serena, was just standing there, so casually, just eating popcorn and watching TV, as if nothing unusual was happening, as if getting fucked from behind in front of her friends was a non event. Eric, by contrast, was clearly very into it; his expression was one of a guy who was very turned on, and he was increasing his pace, no longer making any effort to be subtle about what he was doing.
Amanda and I sat there in disbelief, probably both wondering whether we were hallucinating Then I felt her hand, which was already on my thigh, move slowly up my leg until it was resting on my cock. She began to rub it through my shorts, feeling how hard I was, but never taking her eyes off of Serena.
What happened next was nothing short of a turning point in our marriage. My wife, the same person who didn't even like to have sex with the lights on, reached under her skirt and pulled her panties all the way off, leaving them on the floor. Then, before I could even process what was happening, she was on my lap, straddling me. She looked me in the eyes, "take your shorts off, Jake."
I stared at her for a moment, still not believing what was happening. Then I dutifully reached down and shimmied my shorts and boxers down, freeing my rock hard cock. Wasting no time, Amanda reached under her skirt, grabbed my cock, and skillfully guided it into her dripping wet pussy. Then she sat back until it was completely buried inside her. She didn't kiss me, though. As soon as I was inside her, her attention returned to Serena and Eric.
By now, they'd noticed what we were doing, and Serena's entire demeanor had changed. She'd stopped eating the popcorn and her casual, almost disinterested expression was gone, replaced by a wide-eyed, lustful grin. Eric was looking at us too, a similar grin on his face. His hands were wrapped around Serena, cupping her breasts through her dress. Serena began to moan.
While Amanda's eyes were still fixed on them, her body was focused on mine, her hips grinding into my cock with a sense of urgency. She too started to moan. Between the pot and the surreal eroticism of what was going on around me, I was completely out of my mind. Instinctively, I reached up, grabbed the straps of Amanda's tank top and pulled them down, exposing her strapless bra. That got her attention, as her head quickly swiveled back around to look at me. For a moment, she had a look of uncertainty in her eyes. But she made no attempt to pull her shirt back up, and when Serena moaned again, Amanda went back to what she had been doing, sliding up and down on my cock as she watched our friends fuck.
Emboldened, I reached around and undid the clasp on Amanda's bra. It fell to my lap, her breasts suddenly free and visible to all. It didn't even faze her. She kept on bobbing up and down. Moaning. I immediately took one of her breasts into my mouth. Amanda's breasts were on the small side, particularly after the kids, but they were deliciously soft and I loved to suck on her nipples, which she always got off on. This was no exception. She gasped and began moving her hips even faster. I could tell she was close to coming.
Meanwhile, Eric had followed my lead, reaching up and untying the strap holding up the top of Serena's dress. As she was already leaning forward, the front of her dress fell away immediately, revealing her exquisite breasts. As I had suspected, she was not wearing a bra. As Eric pounded her from behind, her breasts rippled and shook. She too looked and sounded like she was on the brink of climaxing.
It was then that she started to talk dirty. It started typical enough with a few "oh fucks." But it escalated from there.
"Ooooh yeah...oooh fuck...oh fuck my pussy...harder Eric...fuck me...fuck my wet cunt...I want to come on that cock...ooooooh."
I felt like I had been teleported into the middle of porn flick. I might get an occasional "harder" or "faster" from Amanda, but nothing more, so this kind of dirty talk was almost completely foreign to me. I could tell it was to Amanda too, because the look of open-mouthed shock on her face was priceless. And I think the combined sight and sounds of Serena pushed her over the edge, because a few seconds later, her eyes bulged and I felt her spasming on my cock. It looked liked the orgasm had snuck up on her, like she hadn't been expecting it. Belatedly, she let out a stifled screamed.
Distracted by her orgasm, I didn't immediately notice that Eric and Serena had stopped what they were doing. When I looked up, Serena was walking toward us, completely naked, leading Eric by the hand. She'd left her dress on the floor of the kitchen. Her hips swayed as she walked. Her petite, voluptuous body, her glistening coffee-colored skin, her jet black hair and striking features, it was such an exotic, beautiful combination.
When they got to the couch, she sat down first, about three feet to my right, and immediately lifted her legs, beckoning Eric toward her. He got on his knees in front of her and a moment later, his cock was back inside of her.
Following her orgasm, Amanda had stopped moving and was just sitting on my (still rigid) cock, watching Eric and Serena. I took that as my cue to change things up. Gently, I reached forward and lifted her off of me. At first, she laid back on the couch, like Serena was doing, assuming I wanted to copy what they were doing. But I had something else in mind. I reached out and took her hands in mine, pulling her up and off the couch. She immediately knew what I wanted and spun around so her knees were on the carpet and she was leaning forward onto the couch, her ass right in front of me. I lifted her skirt, lined up my cock, and drove it into her. I was beyond aroused at this point, so I soon matched Eric's pace, creating slapping sounds as I drilled my cock into her sopping wet pussy.
Amanda, her shirt around her waist and her breasts bouncing, was no more than two feet from Serena. Their eyes appeared to be locked on each other. I couldn't see Amanda's face, but Serena's expression was one of extreme arousal. She had resumed her moaning and she looked and sounded like she was very close to coming. Before long, Amanda was moaning too. She reached her right hand down between her legs and began stroking her clit, clearly intent on climaxing again.
As Serena built toward orgasm, the dirty talk came back with a vengeance. "Oh fuck, Eric...oooooh...fuck me with that huge cock...faster...make me come on that cock...I want them to watch me come." Everything she said was in a high pitched coo, almost baby-talk, nothing like the way she normally spoke but incredibly sexy. I could tell by her own panting and moaning that Amanda was incredibly turned on by it. She too was now stroking herself furiously.
"Oh god, I'm almost there," Serena continued, "fuck me hard...just like that...fuck my pussy...make me come and then shoot your cum all over me." Eric had his hands firmly around Serena's hips, which were elevated several inches above the couch, and he was grunting as he slammed his cock in and out of her.
"Ooooh, fuck...oh god...I'm gonna come on your huge cock...oh fuck...oh my god..." her voice was reaching a crescendo, her eyes still locked on Amanda's. "Oh god...oh ffuuucck...I'm commmminnng!" she screamed. Like the night before, Eric had clearly been holding on for her, because as soon as she came, he whipped his cock out and - as he'd been instructed - let loose several blasts of cum that landed across her stomach, some of it even reaching as high as her breasts.
The sight of Serena's stunning body, covered in cum, the contrast of the white drops pooled on her dark skin, it pushed me over the edge. I grunted, said "fffuck" and came hard, shooting my load deep inside Amanda. Luckily, she was on the verge of coming again herself, and I think the feeling of me coming inside her pushed her over the finish line. A moment later, she said, "oh god, I'm coming too," and I felt her again spasming on my cock.
As we all tried to catch our breath, the silence quickly grew very awkward. It was clear that none of us had any idea what to say or even where to look. The staring at each other's bodies that had seemed so right just moments ago, suddenly seemed very strange. The girls didn't wait long before gathering their clothes and heading off to their respective rooms. Eric and I also found our clothes and pulled them back on. He was the first to speak.
"Want to have a beer?"
"Yeah...that sounds good."
We decided to go back out to the fire pit, which had died down but was still burning. I threw a couple of fresh logs on the fire and Eric came out a minute later carrying two beers. We sat in silence for a while, nursing our beers, but could only avoid the elephant in the room for so long.
Eric finally spoke, quoting Ron Burgundy, "well, that escalated quickly." We laughed hard.
"No shit, man. I still don't really understand what the hell's going on. I kinda feel like all of you, Amanda included, are alien impostors." Eric just took a swig of his beer and shrugged, still smiling.
I continued, "don't get me wrong, that was unbelievable, but I felt like I didn't recognize anyone in there, like I didn't belong in there. Remember that Quantum Leap show, where the dude would transport into a new person every week?" Eric started laughing. "I felt like I was on an x-rated version of that show. Like I just teleported into someone else's body."
"That would be a good show, man. I'd watch that."
"Seriously, though, man. Is this something you guys do all the time?" I had to know.
"Ha, no, nothing quite like this. But if you're asking whether I knew my wife was an exhibitionist before this trip, well..." He took another swig of his beer. "I knew even before we were married that she had a little kinky streak in her. She always wanted to do it in places that were a little risky, where there was a chance someone might see or hear us. But it was never a big deal. She didn't really want to get caught. She just got off on the idea of it. But the longer we've been married, the more she's tried to push the envelope. We actually had a vacation kind of like this with two of our friends from New York last summer. The room setup wasn't quite like this, where the rooms are practically connected, but there were thin walls and she really put on a show with her moaning and all that stuff. Well, they must have heard us because a little while later, we could hear them through the walls...you know, fucking. Serena totally got off on that; she talked about it all the time after the trip. I think she was hoping to recreate that experience on this trip. But that, what happened in there," he pointed toward the house, "I think that went well beyond her wildest fantasies."
I almost never talked to my friends about sex, but I was completely fascinated by this glimpse into our friends sex lives. Eric was being so open and candid about it. I had to press further.
"So what do you do the rest of the time...to keep it interesting...you know, when don't have another couple around to play mind games with."
Eric smiled at that. "Honestly, we're probably not much different than you or anyone else most of the time." He leaned forward, "but we do have a tradition when we go on vacation. Something we do to keep things interesting." He had my full attention.
Eric continued. "I've never actually told anyone this, but since you just saw me fuck my wife, for like the third time in two days, what the hell? Early on in our marriage, we got into a bit of a rut. We weren't having much sex. We were working too hard. And we finally scheduled a decent vacation, to Cancun. We promised each other that we would try to have sex as many times as humanly possible on the vacation, to rekindle our romance.
"Being who she is, Serena decided the vacation actually started on the fight down to Mexico. She wanted to join the Mile High Club, but it wasn't a large plane, so we couldn't both get into the bathroom without drawing a lot of attention. She was determined, though, so eventually we tried something different. We had the whole row of seats to ourselves, so we lifted the armrest between our seats and used a blanket to cover ourselves."
"Holy shit, you mean you had sex at your seat?"
"Yeah, technically. Almost as soon as I was inside her, though, the stewardess came by and we had to, uh, disengage. Then the seat belt light went on and we were getting some looks. Long story short, it was a fleeting moment and we never got to finish it, at least on the plane. But it was fun, and a little thrilling, and we decided that it 'counted' for the purposes of our have- sex-as-many-times-as-possible game. And that's where the tradition was born. On that vacation, and ever since, we make an effort to have sex as many times as possible, and in the most interesting places we can find. We don't usually finish the act until we're alone and have the time to really enjoy it, but we try to 'hook up' as many times as we can. It's pretty awesome really. You find that you're thinking about sex all day long and it's such a tease that when we're finally alone, we practically rip each other's clothes off."
"Wow," was all I could manage.
"Yeah, it's nuts right? I can't even tell you all the different places we've managed do it. Restaurants, theaters, parks, dressing rooms. Sometimes all in the same day. One time, a couple of years ago, we managed to do it 12 times, in 12 different places, all in one day."
"Holy shit! How is that even physically possible?"
"Well, like I said, I usually don't come. As long as there's full penetration, it counts. Sometimes the whole encounter is just a few seconds, just long enough get my cock up in there, maybe snap a picture as a momento."
"You guys take pictures of yourselves fucking?!"
"Oh hell yeah. That's the best part. Helps us remember it after the trip. Our only rule on the pictures is that we don't include our faces. Nothing that could identify us. Oh, and we turn off the icloud on our phones before the trip. Made that mistake once and Haley almost stumbled across some of them on the iPad."
"You guys are crazy. But I gotta hand it to you, that's some hot shit. I'm still not quite sure how you manage it, though. Maybe I'm just less virile or something, but I don't think I could get it up on demand so many times in one day, particularly if I'd had sex several days in row. Maybe when I was 18, but now..." I shook my head.
"Well, I'll let you in on another little secret. Being a doctor has its advantages, including the ability to write scrips for yourself. I try never to use the stuff in normal circumstances, but on vacation? I make an exception."
"You mean Viagra?"
"Yep, or one of the other ones. I've tried them all. They really help with our little game. It's easy to get hard quick, whenever you want to."
"You been poppin' those things on this trip?"
"Nah, not yet. Tomorrow maybe. You want to try it? I've got plenty."
"Geez, I don't know..." The truth, though, was I really did want to. I'd always been curious about those pills, wondered what it felt like.
"Well, if you change your mind, let me know. You know, you guys should try the game tomorrow. You'd like it." Eric had a mischievous grin.
"Yeah, well, we'll see. It takes to two play that game. Not sure I'll have a willing partner." With that, I finished my last swig of beer. It was time to call it night. I said goodnight to Eric and headed back into the house and into our bedroom. Amanda was still awake, lying on the bed.
"Where've you been?" I could tell from her tone that she was a little annoyed. She probably wanted to talk before going to bed and had been waiting up for me. Her annoyance quickly dissipated, though, when I told her all about my conversation with Eric. I essentially relayed the whole conversation, leaving out only the Viagra discussion (I really wanted to try it and was worried she would veto the idea). She hung on my every word, particularly when I started describing "the game" that Serena and Eric play on vacation. She kept asking questions, probing for details, which I supplied if I knew them.
Eventually the conversation came back to what had happened earlier in the main room. "Jake, I still can't believe what we did earlier. When I think about it, part of me feels really dirty, guilty even. But another part of me is just so turned on by it. I've never been so turned on."
"You shouldn't feel guilty. We didn't do anything wrong. We're all adults. Yes, it was totally crazy, and I'm still trying to wrap my head around it too, but whatever we feel, it shouldn't be guilty. Life is way too short to regret harmless things."
"Yeah, I know you're right, but I'm not like you. I can't just talk myself out of how I'm feeling. Let's just be careful, okay? We've done a lot of crazy stuff already on this trip and we still have another full day. Let's ratchet things down a bit, okay?"
"Okay," I said, kissing her on the forehead.
------
When I woke up the next morning, Amanda was already up and out of bed. I wandered into the bathroom and began brushing my teeth. While I was doing that, I heard a knock on the door leading to Eric and Serena's room. I said "come in" and a moment later Eric was in the room, grinning at me in the mirror.
"Good morning, my friend," he said, "I've got a little something for you." He placed a little orangish, egg-shaped pill on the counter. "That is Cialis, buddy. It'll last you all day. Trust me." He grinned again, gave himself a quick once-over in the mirror, and was gone. I stared at the pill for a while, uncertain. Then I picked it up, popped it in my mouth, and rinsed it down with some water before heading out into the main room.
The main room smelled of waffles and syrup. Amanda had found a waffle iron in the cabinets and had made a bunch of Belgian waffles, which the kids were all eagerly devouring. Amanda saw me and immediately handed me a piece of waffle and kissed me on the cheek. I looked at her, trying to gauge what she was thinking about, what kind of mood she was in, but I couldn't read her. Whatever she was thinking, though, she clearly wasn't in a bad mood.
I couldn't help but notice that Amanda was dressed a little more scantily than was her custom. She had on a shortish skirt, one I'd forgotten she owned, and a loose fitting tank top that she usually only wore to sleep. I could tell she was not wearing a bra. As we sat around drinking our morning coffee and making plans for the day, I kept stealing glances at her. She really was just as beautiful as the day I met her.
We eventually decided that we were all going to drive to town to buy some groceries and do some a clothes and toy shopping. Amanda said she was going to go freshen up before we left and disappeared into the bedroom. I waited a few minutes and then went back into the bedroom myself, quietly closing the door behind me. Amanda was making up the bed.
I snuck up behind her and put my hands around her hips.
She jumped. "What the hell, Jake? You scared me." She wasn't mad.
I kissed her neck and pressed my pelvis up against her ass. I already had a hard on. To my surprise, she didn't make any move to push me away. So I reached down, lifted her skirt, and pulled down her panties. I bent her over the bed. She put up no resistance. I pulled down my shorts, freeing my cock, rubbing it against the crack of her ass. With the tip of my cock, I brushed against her opening, teasing her, trying to make her wet. It didn't take much. Slowly I pushed in until my cock was all the way inside of her. It felt so fucking good. I slapped her bare ass with my hand and began thrusting. I reached forward and put my hands firmly on her shoulders and began to pulled her into me as I thrust. She was breathing heavy, trying to be silent, but clearly turned on. She had her hair pulled back in a ponytail, as she often did in the morning. After a handful of thrusts, I reached down and grabbed her ponytail with one hand, pulling her hair back as I fucked her, while being careful not to pull too hard. It had been so long since I'd done that that I'd forgotten how much she liked it.
We went on that way for what seemed like a long time but was probably no more than a minute. Then I stopped abruptly and pulled out. Amanda looked back at me wondering what was going on. I just looked at her, winked and said, "to be continued."
"Are you kidding me, Jake?"
"That's how the game goes, sweetie. I gotta save something for later."
"Oh no you don't. You don't get to make all the rules." With that she stood up and turned around. With a confidence and assertiveness in her tone that I'd never heard before, she looked at me and said, "you started this and you're going to fuck me until I come." Then she pulled her tank top up over her head and threw it on the bed. She was topless now, wearing nothing but her short skirt. She stepped forward until she was right in front me of me, her hand grasping my cock. Then she was down on her knees and my cock was in her mouth. Amanda rarely went down on me, so this was the last thing I expected. It was clear that she just wanted a taste, though, because after about ten seconds, she spun me around and pushed me back onto the bed. I fell back onto my back, my feet hanging over the edge of the bed. She immediately climbed on top of me and, within seconds, had guided my cock back inside her.
She moved with a sense of urgency, remaining completely perpendicular to me, her hands planted firmly on my chest. She ground her hips into me, the way she did when she was trying hard to come. Sure enough, within less than a minute, she was climaxing. I could feel her pussy spasming on my cock as she closed her eyes and bit her lip. She looked so damn sexy when she did that.
But as soon as she'd come, she pulled off of me and was off the bed entirely a second later, gathering her clothes. Now it was my turn to look incredulous as I held my still rock hard erection in my hand. She just smiled and said, "like you said, better save that for later. It's gonna be a long day." With that she turned and left the room.
Less than thirty minutes later, we were all en route to Stockbridge, the nearest town. Stockbridge's main street was straight out of a Norman Rockwell painting, literally. It was Rockwell's hometown and the setting of many of his paintings. When we got there, we all started out at the toy store. After a few minutes, Eric and Serena left to go across the street to the clothes store. They took their kids with them. The toy store was cluttered with stuff, but there was no one else in it. While our kids were busy looking at legos and stuffed animals and various other toys, I pulled Amanda behind a tall shelf in the back of the shop and kissed her passionately. She practically melted in my arms and, within in seconds, my erection had returned with a vengeance.
I looked all around. The kids were on the other side of the store, near the front door. So was the only store employee, an elderly woman sitting behind the cash register. I couldn't see any obvious mirrors or surveillance cameras. I turned my attention back to Amanda. She clearly knew what I wanted and looked nervous about it. But she didn't pull away. So I gently spun her around and began kissing her neck while lifting her skirt. To my shock, I realized she wasn't wearing any panties. She really wanted to play this game. I too had gone commando, so it was relatively easy to unzip my fly and free my cock. I immediately began pressing it against her opening and within seconds, I was inside of her. The next 15 seconds were some of the hottest sex I've ever had. That was until I heard Emily's voice, "Mommy?...Daddy?"
She was close. I pulled out of Amanda instantly and began struggling to stuff my still rigid cock back in my shorts. I managed to do it just as Emily came around the corner. "What are you guys doing back here?"
Amanda spoke up, but I could tell she was a little out of breath. "We were just, um, talking, Em, and looking at the toys back here." She walked with Emily toward the front of the store as I again struggled to cope with the disappointment of not being able to finished what we'd started. I was so hyper-aroused. I wanted nothing more than to tackle Amanda to the floor and fuck her brains out. How did Eric handle this? It was torture.
Fifteen minutes later, we met up with the others at the town coffee shop. As the women were in line getting lattes, I pulled Eric aside. I held up two fingers and whispered, "we're up to two times today."
He smiled and slapped my shoulder, "good work, my friend. It's great, right?"
"It's torture is what it is. It's such a tease."
"Tell me about it. We're up to three already today."
I looked at him disbelievingly, "you're shitting me. When? Where?"
He looked around, saw that the women weren't looking our way, and then pulled out his iPhone. He pressed it a few times and then turned it toward me. I saw a picture of Serena's ass, her skirt hiked up and Eric's cock clearly inside her. I could see a bench below and several articles of clothing. They looked to be in a changing room. "That was across the street a few minutes ago." Then he swiped his thumb and I saw a new image. It was another sex pic. In this one, it looked like they were fucking on the bathroom counter back at the house. Then he swiped his thumb again. "This one's my favorite." It was amazing. It was clearly taken on the dock in the lake, near dawn. Though you couldn't see either of their faces, you could see that Eric was lying on the dock and Serena was straddling him. They both looked to be completely naked and you could see Serena's breasts. In the background, the sky was a beautiful red and you could see the whole lake and forest behind it. It was truly an amazing picture, erotic and artistic. Suddenly our tryst in the toy store seemed a little less noteworthy.
"That one's amazing. You guys are nuts." Then I leaned in close to Eric. "Don't want to sound weird, but do you think you could send me that last one? I think Amanda might find it...um...motivating."
Eric grinned. "Sure thing, buddy."
A few minutes later, as we were walking down the street looking for a place to eat lunch, my phone buzzed. Eric had sent me the picture. All three of them actually. I handed the phone to Amanda, careful to make sure the kids didn't see it. She audibly gasped when she realized what she was looking at. When she got to the last one, the one by the lake, she paused, no doubt admiring its beauty and audaciousness. She looked at me and mouthed, "were these all today?" I nodded. She mouthed "wow." Before she gave me back the phone, she looked at each picture again.
We eventually stopped at a diner for lunch. We found two booths at the back of the restaurant and let the kids have one of them to themselves while the adults took the other. After we'd placed all the orders, got our drinks, and got the kids set up coloring on their placemats, we all finally had a few minutes to sit there and relax. Almost immediately, my eyes were drawn to Eric's hand, which, though below the table and out of my sightline, appeared to be between Serena's legs. I looked at her face. She bit her lip as she returned my gaze, which I took as a confirmation of my suspicions. Amanda noticed too and a moment later I felt her hand on my thigh, and then my crotch. I returned the favor, maneuvering my left hand between her legs, lifting her skirt.
I wondered which of the four of us would be the first to up the ante. To my surprise, it was Amanda. She whispered in my ear, telling me to sit sideways, in the corner of the booth. I complied, resting my back against the wall and raising one of my legs onto the bench. I had my right arm resting on the table and my left on the backrest. Then she reached over, unzipped my fly, and reached in to free my cock, which was already quite hard. She stroked it for a few seconds, just out of Eric and Serana's sightline below the table. But there was no question they knew what she was doing, and we had their full attention. Amanda then maneuvered herself until she was sitting on my lap, facing the same direction. Propping herself up on the table and backrest, she created just enough separation for me to line up my cock with her opening, and a moment later, I was inside her. It felt so amazingly naughty. I was fucking my wife in a restaurant, in front of our friends.
Eric, who was sitting closest to us, took out his phone. He took a picture of us from above the table and then reached the phone below the table to snap another. As he did so, I lifted Amanda's skirt and a second later, I saw the flash go off. Eric looked at his phone screen and smiling, turned it so we could see it. In the picture, you could clearly see my cock penetrating Amanda's pussy. Seeing the picture, while still inside her, was enormously arousing.
It was then that I saw the waitress headed our way. There was no time to disengage, so I just held Amanda still and made sure her skirt was covering us. When the waitress got to the table, she began refilling our waters and gave Amanda and I quick once over. It must have seemed strange that she was sitting on my lap, but apparently not remarkable enough to set off any alarm bells, because she was gone without comment a moment later. We all laughed when the coast was clear and Amanda resumed bobbing up and down on my cock.
What happened next was nothing short of surreal. Quietly, Serena got up onto her hands and knees on the seat, sticking her ass out toward Eric. Eric knew exactly what she wanted and immediately got up on one knee behind her, his other leg still on the ground below the table. He unzipped his fly, freed his cock and then lifted her skirt over her hips, giving Amanda and I an unobstructed view of her pussy. Within seconds, Eric was pushing his cock inside of her, right there in front of us. He gripped her firmly around the hips and began thrusting, quietly.
I reached out and grabbed Eric's phone, which was sitting on the table. I pointed it at them, making sure everything but their faces was on the screen, and snapped a few pictures. They were amazing. You could see the full, crowded diner in the background, like an x-rated Normal Rockwell painting. Amanda was so turned on by the sight that she had another sneaker orgasm, like the night before. Her mouth opened wide, she gripped my arm hard, and I could feel her spasming on my cock.
I was determined to come this time, too. I needed the release desperately. But just as I was getting close, I saw the waitress headed back our way with a big tray of food. I immediately motioned for Serena and Eric to get down, flapping my hands in alarm. Luckily, the waitress stopped to deliver the kids' food first, buying us all about 20 seconds, which was just enough time for us all to disengage from each other and put our respective parts away. After she'd served all the food and left, we all finally relaxed and laughed, but I was extremely frustrated.
We all behaved ourselves for the rest of lunch and a quick trip to the grocery store. Afterward, we piled back in the cars and headed back to the house. When we got home, Emily and Michael begged to go on a bike ride, and, to my frustration, Amanda volunteered to go with them. I had hoped that Serena or Eric would go and I could somehow get Amanda alone. Instead, I ended up reading a book to the little ones and putting them down for a nap.
When I finished and was descending the stairs from the loft, I heard a now familiar moan coming from below. It was coming from the bathroom. Given the events of the last two days, I knew exactly what I was going to find, but the sight that greeted when I walked up to the bathroom door was nevertheless jarring. Serena was sitting on the bathroom counter, completely naked, her legs wrapped around Eric, who was standing with his back to me, thrusting into her. Within seconds, I was again rock hard. And I was so eager to come, that all modesty left me. I immediately unzipped my fly, freed my cock, and began stroking it.
I watched them for several minutes, gradually increasing my pace. Serena was sweaty, her skin glistening, her breathing rapid. Her breasts bounced and she moaned steadily. She had noticed me almost immediately and her eyes were fixed on my cock, full of lust. I could tell she was very close to coming.
Then we were interrupted. From above, I heard "Daddy?" It was Haley. Eric immediately pulled out of Serena and pulled up his shorts, which were around his ankles. "Daddy, can you read to me?"
"Fuck," Eric muttered. He rushed past me and up the stairs. I just stood there holding my cock, not sure what to do with myself. Serena was still on the bathroom counter, breathing hard, sweaty, her legs open and pussy dripping. We just stared at each other. We were only five feet apart. I was so out of my mind aroused that I didn't even notice I was slowly moving toward her until I was inside the bathroom door. I continued to inch forward, not thinking, just moving. Soon we were face to face, the tip of my cock less than six inches from her pussy. We stared at each other for a few tense moments. Uncertain. Then she reached out and pulled me forward. Before I even knew what was happening, I was inside her, thrusting wildly.
It was the first time I'd been inside anyone other than Amanda in 15 years and it felt so different, so surreal. She was breathing fast, her hands gripping my ass cheeks hard, her breasts pressed against my chest. We didn't kiss. We just looked at each other, getting off on the lust in each other's eyes. She began stroking her clit and moaning in my ear. I knew I couldn't hold out any longer.
She knew it too. She whispered in my ear, "come on me, Jake...not inside."
I felt my orgasm grip me and pulled out of her just in time, shooting an enormous amount of pent up cum across her coffee-colored stomach and up onto her breasts. She panted "oh my god, Jake, I've never seen so much cum!" as she continued to stroke herself. Then, a few seconds later, her mouth opened wide as she brought herself to orgasm with her hand, trembling all over.
As I caught my breath, it slowly started to register with me what had just happened. I'd just cheated on my wife, with my best friend's wife. Eric could walk in on us at any minute. So could Amanda. I had a moment of true panic. I quickly pulled up my shorts and then, surveying the scene, used my t-shirt to mop up the puddles of cum on Serena. She looked far less concerned. In fact, she seemed amused by my obvious discomfort. When I'd cleaned her off, I darted away, into the safety of our bedroom, where I laid down on the bed and tried to gather myself.
A few minutes later, I heard Amanda and the kids come in. I was thankful for the distraction. The kids were hot from the bike ride and wanted to go for a dip in the lake. I volunteered to go with them. For the rest of that afternoon, I stuck close to the kids, using them as a shield to avoid any more opportunities for sexual encounters. I needed to get my head straight.
No doubt sensing my inner turmoil, Serena came up to me a few hours later, as I was firing up the grill for dinner. She said, "don't beat yourself up, Jake. There's an easy way to fix this."
"How?" I asked, but I already knew what she was going to say.
"You just let Eric fuck Amanda, of course."
"And you'd be okay with that?"
"It's only fair." She said it so matter-of-factly.
"But how do I bring that up without telling her what happened between us? She won't understand."
"Leave that to me," she said cryptically. Then she walked away.
It was a perfect night for a fire, cool and clear, so after dinner we all gathered round the fire pit and roasted some s'mores. I had a little more to drink than I typically would have, no doubt in an effort to dampen my growing anxiety about what had happened earlier in the day. At one point, while I was in the house grabbing another beer, Amanda came in and cornered me. I was pretty certain she was looking to continue the game, to sneak in another quickie, but I wasn't in the mood to play the game anymore. I lied and said I had to go to the bathroom. By the time I came out, she was gone. I knew I couldn't avoid her indefinitely, though.
Eventually we all came inside and put the kids to sleep. I volunteered to read them a story, so I was the last one out of the room. When I came down from the loft, Eric and Serena and Amanda were all sitting on the sectional. Serena was laying down, with her head resting on Eric's lap. Amanda was sitting on the other side of Eric. They were passing around the 'e-joint' again. When they passed it to me, I readily accepted, taking a huge drag, hoping it would quell my anxiety better than the alcohol had.
After taking a few more drags, Serena got up and began fiddling with the stereo near the TV. Eventually she figured out how to turn it on. She scanned through a few radio stations until she found some local classic rock station. It was playing Led Zeppelin, "When the Levee Breaks," which seemed fitting. Serena turned it up and began swaying to the music, her eyes closed, clearly very high. I too was sitting on the couch by this point, but I deliberately sat at the corner opposite Amanda. I sat back and watched Serena dance. It was hypnotic. I'm not sure how long we all sat there silently, watching her, but it was quite a while. Several full songs played.
What snapped us out of our collective trance was when Serena decided to disrobe. First to go was the pullover she was wearing over her tank top. With her eyes still closed and her hips still swaying, she then she reached down and unbuttoned her shorts (she had changed clothes after our encounter earlier in the day). She shimmied out of the shorts, letting them fall to the floor, and stepped out of them. She was wearing a pair of plain white cotton panties. Next went the tank top, which she tossed on the floor. She was wearing no bra, so she was now completely naked but for the panties, still swaying to the music. She was just so stunning, so sexy, that lust soon overcame my anxiety and I again had a huge erection. Eric clearly did too, because I could see him rubbing his cock through his shorts. Amanda's expression was hard to read, but she too was focused intently on Serena.
She danced for another minute or two and then she finally opened her eyes. She looked right at Eric and began walking toward him, without so much as glancing at Amanda or me on either side. When she got to him, she immediately got down on her knees in front of him, her hands fumbling with the button on his shorts. Within seconds, his shorts and boxers were on the floor and his cock was out. She had it in her mouth almost immediately. With one hand she cupped his balls and with the other she stroked the shaft of his cock, just below where her mouth was touching it.
Across from me, Amanda was fiddling with her own shorts. We made eye contact as she pulled her shorts and panties off at the same time, leaving them on the floor. She then spread her legs and began to touch herself. She was only about two feet from Eric and Serena. I quickly followed suit, removing my shorts and boxers and freeing my cock.
As I stroked my cock, watching the scene in front of me, I remembered Serena's words from earlier in the day. "Leave it to me" she'd said. But what was her plan? Did she even have one? Just as I was thinking this to myself, Serana lifted her mouth off of Eric's cock. With her hand, she reached out for Amanda, who looked momentarily uncertain, not sure what Serena wanted. After a moment, though, Amanda reached out her own hand and let Serena take it. Serena led her off the couch and onto her knees on the floor, right next to her. She then took Amanda's hand, which she was still holding, and moved it over until it was touching Eric's wet cock. Amanda's eyes bulged at the sudden turn of events and she looked over at me immediately, clearly uncertain. I too was stunned, but I nodded.
That was apparently all the permission she needed, because within the span of a few seconds, she went from hesitantly touching his cock to aggressively sucking it. After 30 seconds or so, Serena took over again. For a while they took turns like that, each sucking Eric's cock while the other watched. I couldn't imagine how amazing the experience must have been from Eric's perspective.
Then, as she always seemed to do, Serena upped the ante. After her turn sucking Eric's cock, she again grabbed Amanda's hand, this time guiding her up onto the couch. Amanda again looked over at me, seeking guidance. Again, I nodded. She let Serena lead her up onto the couch until she was straddling Eric, his cock sitting just below her pussy. Serena grabbed Eric's cock with her free hand and guided it up to Amanda's opening, making the connection. Amanda gasped as she sank back, letting Eric's cock slide all the way into her. At the moment of penetration, I could tell that she had that same "oh shit" moment that I had earlier, realizing she was fucking someone else for the first time in 15 years. She looked over at me, again seeking reassurance. I smiled at her as I continued to stroke my cock. Reassured, she turned her attention back to Eric. As he reached down and began pulling her shirt up, she raised her hands in the air, making his job easier. Soon she was completely naked and Eric was was suckling her breasts, one by one.
Serena was still on her knees on the floor, leaning against the couch and looking up at Eric and Amanda. I knew what I wanted. I got down onto the floor and came up behind her. As soon as my hand touch her hip, she turned her head toward me and grinned. Then she pushed her ass out toward me, inviting me to fuck her. I took the invitation, guiding my cock into her almost immediately. It slid in effortlessly. She was so wet. I grabbed her hips with both hands and began thrusting. Amanda and Eric both looked over at us and the sight of us fucking seemed to excite them even more. Amanda was now moaning.
We continued in those positions for a least a few minutes, but I desperately wanted to play with Serena's breasts, so I withdrew from her, stood up, and sat down on the couch next to Eric. Serena nearly leaped on top of me and within seconds, she was bobbing up and down on my cock, just as Amanda was with Eric one foot away. I sucked on Serena's nipples and cupped her breasts in my hands. She was moaning now too, and starting to talk dirty.
"Oh, Jake, fuck me...fuck me hard...fuck me like your wife's getting fucked." She was breathing hard between each utterance. Her elbows were resting on my shoulders and her hips were grinding against me urgently. I could tell that she was close to coming. "Oooh fuck...I'm gonna come, Jake...I gonna come on your huge cock...oh faster, Jake...oh fuck my pussy...oh that's it...oh ffffuucckkk!" Her eyes rolled back in her head for a second and I felt her tremble all over as a monster orgasm gripped her.
She eventually came to stop. "Oh, Jake, that was nice." With that, she rolled off of me and got back onto the floor in front me. I thought she was going to start sucking my cock again, but instead she leaned forward and, using her hands to push them together, sandwiched my cock between her breasts. Slowly, she moved up and down, stroking my cock with her breasts. It was amazing, an act that Amanda simply didn't have breasts big enough to even try. She was watching us intently as she continued to ride Eric's cock. I wondered what she was thinking.
A few seconds later, she let me know. She rolled off of Eric and got down onto her knees on the floor. Eric and I were about two feet apart on the couch and Amanda was on her knees facing us, exactly halfway in between. She gently pushed Serena aside. Then she reached up and grabbed each of our cocks, one with each hand, and began stroking them quickly. She did that for twenty seconds or so, just gazing at our cocks. Then she shimmied over until she was directly in front me. She looked up at Eric and said, "I want you to get behind me and fuck me. Hard." I stared at her, wondering who this woman was. She had just a hint of a grin on her face as she looked back at me.
Eric immediately did what he was told, getting up and maneuvering behind Amanda. A few seconds later, he was back inside of her, his hands gripping her hips firmly. As he began thrusting into her, she leaned forward and took my cock into her mouth. Serena was sitting on the couch a few feet to my right, watching us and slowly fingering her clit. As Amanda sucked my cock, her eyes were locked on mine, wide open. Eric increased his pace and was now slapping into her ass with every thrust, but she managed to keep her mouth around my cock. He eyes were still looking at me, but they were starting to bulge. I'd seen that look before and I knew she was very close to orgasm.
Then it happened. Her eyes nearly bugged out of her head and she finally let go of my cock and nearly screamed, "oh my god, oh my god, I'm coming!" Her whole body spasmed in pleasure. She was still looking up at me, a smile of accomplishment on her face. She had my cock in her hand and as she continued to tremble, she squeezed it hard. Suddenly I wasn't able to control myself and I came too. My orgasm caught her off guard, as my cum blasted across her face, much of it clinging to her cheek and the rest landing on her shoulder and back. She flinched, started by the blast, but then she smiled again.
I think the sight of my inadvertent drenching of my wife pushed Eric over the edge because a few seconds later he announced that he was coming too.
"I want you to come on me too, Eric," she said matter-of-factly. Eric obliged, grunting "oh god" and pulling his cock out of her. As soon as his cock was free, several blasts of cum came shooting out, covering Amanda's back in little droplets.
"You guys are bad," cooed Serena, "I've never seen so much cum." Amanda laughed and, once she did, so did we. She truly was a sight to behold. Sweaty, on all fours, and covered head-to-toe in droplets of cum from two different guys. My wife. It was all so surreal.
That was our last sexual encounter of the trip. And our best. We all packed up and left pretty early the next morning, and we haven't seen Eric and Serena in person since then. But that vacation forever changed our sex life, and the past year has been the happiest, most exciting of our marriage. And next week we're planning on meeting up with Eric, Serena, and the kids for five days in Disneyworld. What could go wrong?