We were out to eat nothing special or fancy, just your normal night out when you leaned over and whispered into my ear. "I want you to fuck me hard and deep, I want you to ram that big cock of yours deep into my pussy."
I was surprised, shocked and aroused as you normally do not speak like that. You smiled as my state of shock. Leaned over again, grabbed my slowly stiffening shaft with your hand and said. "I want this cock that is hardening under my hand to be shoved deep and hard into my pussy making me cum all over it."
You could feel me harden even more as you gave a squeeze, laughed and released me. Again I was taken aback and just couldn't stop staring at you. I don't know what has come over you but I find it quite exciting. I am definitely wondering how the rest of the evening will go.
Dinner arrives and after the waiter leaves you again lean over, put your hand back over my still stiff cock, squeeze a little and tell me. "Eat up because you are going to need all your strength to satisfy me. I want your hard stiff cock to rub up and down my pussy, rubbing my hard clit until I cum." You give another squeeze, remove your hand and start on your dinner.
I am now very aroused and having trouble getting my thoughts back to my food. You look at me and ask if "anything is wrong?" I smile and say of course not and start on my dinner.
We're almost done with dinner when you excuse yourself to the restroom. When you come back you lean over and drop something into my lap. I see that they are your panties as you lean over and say "Those are my very wet panties. Thinking about your hard cock driving in and out of my pussy has got me very wet, so wet that my panties are drenched."
I am speechless, still I reach down to do I don't know what with your panties and as I pick them up I can feel that they are wet. I stuff them in my pocket and concentrate on finishing my dinner, which is a little difficult knowing I have your wet panties in my pocket and that you are sitting eating the rest of your dinner with no panties and are very wet and ready.
I shake my head to clear it and finish my dinner. You finish yours and our table gets cleared. While waiting for the check you lean over and say. "I don't know if I can wait for your stiff hard cock to satisfy me. I may have to start using my fingers, rubbing my clit and plunging them in my pussy until I cum."
I am now getting very hard every time you lean in to talk to me. I am tempted to skip the rest of the evening and head straight home. We get our receipt and head out of the restaurant to the car.
Once in the car you ask what we are doing next. I tell you that we are supposed to be going to the river to walk under the moon and starlight, but since you are so horny and have made me horny I thought we would head home. You say no and that a walk by the river would be really nice.
I start driving to the river and you look at me and say. "I need to take the edge off before we get to the river so I am going to raise my skirt, rub my clit with my fingers and plunge my fingers into my pussy until I cum a couple of times."
With that said you raise your skirt and start rubbing you clit with your fingers, I can see and hear that you are very wet. You start moving your fingers faster and faster on your clit, soon your fingers are a blur and you cry out as the orgasm hits you. Before your body has a chance to calm down you plunge two fingers deep into your wet pussy. You waste no time thrusting them deep, in and out, in and out. Suddenly you raise your hips, hold your fingers deep and moan deeply as your orgasm moves through you. You remove your fingers from your pussy, bring them to your mouth and suck and lick them clean and then pull your skirt down.
I am now rock hard and really had some trouble concentrating on driving through that display. You smile at me and say. "That should hold me over until I can get that hard cock deep inside my very hot and wet pussy." You reach over rub my hard cock a couple of times and then take your hand away.
We arrive at the river and I can tell you the last thing on my mind is a stroll along the banks. We get out of the car anyway and hand in hand start to walk by the river.
So we strolled down by the river enjoying the warm summer breeze. You lean over to me and say, "My pussy is so wet and aching for your stiff cock to plunge deep inside and bring me to many orgasms."
This time before you could pull away I turned, grabbed you and kissed you hard. Pulling you against me, letting you feel how hard your words and actions had gotten me. You let out a little moan as we kissed. You pulled away, smiled and grabbed my hand pulling me forward to continue our stroll.
So we continued to walk until we came upon a park bench. You pulled away and sat down on the bench. I turned to you and you lifted your skirt. You said, "That kiss got me even wetter and I need to release again." As you said this you started running your fingers up and down your wet pussy.
You then plunge two fingers into your wet pussy and started thrusting them in and out. Your moans were getting louder as your fingers moved faster and faster in and out of your pussy. Soon you pushed your fingers as far into your pussy as you could and held them there as your orgasm crashed through you.
I came over to you, took your hand out of your pussy and slowly licked each finger clean. As I was doing this you reached over and started rubbing my stiff cock through my pants.
After licking your fingers clean I leaned over and kissed you passionately our tongues intertwining. I broke our kiss, looked at you and asked. "Would you like to feel my tongue running up and down that wet pussy?" You smiled and said, "Yes, lick my pussy, stick your tongue deep into my wet pussy. Make me cum by licking and sucking on my clit."
I knelt between your legs and ran my tongue down the length of your pussy. I parted your lips with my tongue and slowly inserted it into your wet pussy. You said, "Yeah, eat that pussy, stick your tongue into my hot wet pussy, make me cum."
I start driving my tongue in and out of your pussy, you grabbed my head, pressing my face against your wet pussy. You started to cum and said, "Stick that tongue in my pussy, lick up all that cum."
You released my head and I removed my tongue from inside your pussy and slowly slid it up to your clit. You moaned and said, "Lick my clit, suck my clit, make me cum again." I started slowly making circles around your clit, causing you to start grinding your hips against my tongue. I then started to flick you clit and run my tongue all over it. You started bucking your hips and when I sucked your clit between my lips and started to roll it around your orgasm came hard and fast.
I let go of your clit and started to stand up. You said, "Get back down there I want to cum again. I want you to lick my clit while you thrust your fingers in and out of my wet pussy." More than happy to oblige I got back down between your legs.
I started licking your clit and slowly slid two fingers into your pussy. You looked down at me and said, "Shove your fingers into my pussy, thrust them in and out, I want to cum and lick that clit hard."
I did as you said and started really moving my fingers in and out of your pussy, deep and hard while licking your clit. You grabbed my head and said, "Thrust your fingers deep, hold them there, suck my clit as I cum all over those fingers." Your body stiffened and you moaned loudly as you came. You released my head and I slowly withdrew my fingers. As I started to stand up and you started to calm down you grabbed my hand and slowly licked my fingers clean.
You looked at me, stood up and said, "I needed that, okay we can now continue our stroll." I looked at you in astonishment as you grabbed my hand and started walking.
You leaned over to me and said, "I know that your cock is very hard and I want to feel it plunging deep into my wet pussy, but you are just going to have to wait a little while longer." I am amazed at my will power as I happily continue walking or maybe I am just waiting to see what happens next.
We came to a rock outcropping that overlooks the river. You let go of my hand and sat down on the rocks, you pat the rock beside you indicating that you want me to sit next to you. After I sat down you said, "My tits and nipples feel left out. I think I should give them some attention."
You then pull your blouse over your head and hand it to me. You then reach behind you and unclasp your bra and hand that to me as well. You then reach up and start caressing, squeezing and massaging your breasts. You move your fingers to your nipples and start to pull, tug and twist them.
You look at me and say, "Get over here and lick and suck on my nipples." I move in front of you and started licking and sucking on your right nipple as you continued to pull and tug on the left. I released your nipple and moved over to the left one, you release it from your fingers and I start licking and sucking on it as you start to tug and twist your other nipple.
You moan and say, "Stick your fingers in my pussy, make me cum with your fingers as your suck and lick my nipples."
I slide my fingers under your skirt and slip two fingers inside your pussy while sucking your nipple. I start to slowly slide my fingers in and out of your pussy while switching from one nipple to the other. Taking the nipple and rolling it between my lips.
You pull my head against your chest as I suck your nipple into my mouth and shove my fingers deep into your pussy. I feel your pussy clench around my fingers as you cum.
You continue to hold my head against you chest as your orgasm subsides. You say to me, "Rub your wet fingers over my asshole, lubricate my ass, I want to feel your fingers in my ass. I want you to fuck my ass with your fingers and make me cum."
Happy to be of service I slide my wet fingers out of your pussy and down your ass and rub them around your asshole. I switch to your other nipple as I plunge my fingers back into your pussy. I bring my fingers back down to your ass and slowly insert one finger as I suck your nipple.
As I slowly begin to slide my finger in and out of your ass, I slide one finger into your pussy. You say, "Fuck my pussy and ass with your fingers, make me cum with a finger deep in my pussy and deep in my ass."
I switch nipples as I start to move my fingers faster in and out of your pussy and ass. You hips are starting to buck and I know that you are ready to cum. You raise your hips as I plunge my fingers deep into your pussy and ass and roll your nipple with my lips.
As your orgasm crashes through you, you tell me "Pull that finger out of my pussy and put it in my ass now. Fuck my ass with two fingers, make me cum with your fingers fucking my ass."
I slide my finger out of your pussy and it easily slides into your ass with my other finger. Your orgasm has barely subsided as you tell me, "Thrust those fingers hard and fast into my ass. Fuck my ass hard, make me cum."
I start thrusting faster as I switch nipples. As I suck and lick on your nipple I start pulling, tugging and twisting your other nipple with my fingers, all the while my fingers are plunging in and out of your ass.
You tell me, "I am going to cum, shove those fingers deep in my ass, yes, yes make me cum." Your body convulses as your orgasm crashes through you. I pull my fingers from your ass and release your nipples.
You reach over and grab you bra and hand it to me and say, "Another souvenir for you." I take the bra, fold it and put it in my back pocket. You grab your blouse and pull it back over your head, your hard nipples clearly visible through your blouse.
You hop down off the rock, grab my cock and say, "My that is one stiff hard cock. I sure would love to feel that cock plunging deep into my pussy, making me cum hard. Then I would love to feel that hard cock buried deep in my ass, causing me to cum and cum."
You squeeze my cock and say, "Or maybe I should get down on my knees and take that stiff cock into my mouth and slowly slide my lips all the way down. Maybe I should suck and lick that cock until it explodes all that warm, wonderful cum in my mouth for a little dessert."
I know you felt my cock twitch as you squeezed again. I don't think I have ever been this hard, you release my cock and grab my hand and say, "But not right now, I want to continue our walk." So with my cock harder than it has ever been I begin walking again.
I am so hard and I know my cock is leaking badly that I am now just following on autopilot. I can't get out of my head that all you are wearing is a blouse and skirt, no underwear and that you have already had several orgasms with me either participating or watching. Your words and actions have me as hard and horny as I have ever been.
You look at me and say, "I want to see how hard your cock is, take it out and show it to me. I need to see that stiff hard cock." You pull away and turn to me as I unbutton my jeans and unzip my jeans, I then pull them and my underwear down slightly and pull out my stiff cock.
You smile, look me in the eyes and say, "Stroke your cock, let me see you run your hand up and down that stiff hard cock. Take that cock in your hand and stroke it for me." As if in a trance I start moving my hand up and down my stiff cock, slowly sliding it up and down, up and down.
I start stroking faster and faster, you look at me smile and say, "Stop, I don't want you to cum. I want to look at that stiff cock just a little more." I stop moving my hand and just stand there with my cock hanging out and my hand holding it letting you stare at it. You reach over and remove my hand and place your hand on my cock.
You start sliding your hand up and down my cock slowly squeezing as you move up and down. You look down at my cock and say, "I like that stiff hard cock in my hand, I like the feel of it, I wonder if it tastes as good as it looks?"
You continue to stroke my cock as you kneel in front of me. My cock twitches as you lean forward and lick the head, the pre-cum dripping out. You look up at me and say, "Yes, this cock does taste as good as it looks."
You lick the tip, remove your hand, stand up, look at me and say, "I want that cock, I want that cock in my mouth, in my pussy and in my ass. I want your cum and I want you to make me cum. Now put that cock back in your pants and let's head back to the car." I do as you say, but putting my very hard cock back is not easy. Once I am tucked back in, zipped and buttoned up, you grab my hand and we start back towards the car.
We come to the park bench again and you stop, look at me and unzip your skirt, letting it fall to the ground. You sit down on the park bench, spread your legs and shove two fingers into your very wet pussy. You look up at me and say, "Looking, touching and tasting your stiff hard cock has got me so wet that I just have to cum again."
You start thrusting your fingers faster and harder into your pussy as your other hand comes down to rub your fingers over your clit. You moan as your fingers rub your clit. You start thrusting faster and rubbing faster, then your whole body shakes as you orgasm.
You bring your fingers from your pussy and clit and slowly lick them all clean. You stand up, smile at me and ask, "Do you still have my panties?" All I can do is nod yes. You hold out your hand and I pull the panties out of my pocket and hand them to you. You slide your panties on and hand me your skirt. You ask me to carry it as you start to the car in nothing but your blouse and panties.
I stare as your blouse barely covers your ass and pussy. You look back over your shoulder and say, "Are you coming, because I still need that stiff hard cock. I still want to suck and lick that cock until you cum in my mouth and then I want to feel that stiff cock make me cum as it thrusts in and out of my pussy and then make me cum some more as you drive it in and out of my ass." I struggle to catch up as my cock seems to be even harder, which I did not think was possible. I don't know how much more of this I can take before I start to cum myself.
We get to the car and get in. I was about to start the car when you say, "Take those pants and underwear off, I need to see that big, stiff cock again." I again do as you request and you reach over and start to stroke my very hard cock. You look at me and say, "I am going to suck and lick that cock and make you cum in my mouth and swallow every single drop of your cum."
With that you lean over and slowly slide your lips over the head of my cock. I know this will not take long as I am worked up like I have never been before. You then proceed to slowly slide your lips all the way down to the base of my cock taking me all the way in. You slowly bring your lips back up my cock sucking hard as you go.
You bring your hand over and start stroking my cock as you suck on the head. You then start moving your lips up and down my cock in time with your hand, sucking hard as you move up and down. You feel my cock swelling and know that I am about to cum.
You stroke faster and move your head up and down faster. You feel my cock pulse and the first stream of cum blasts into your mouth, that does not slow you down as you continue to stroke and suck my hard cock. You start to slow down as my spasms slow, you remove your lips from my cock and swallow. You then proceed to lick up every drop of cum that managed to escape.
You sit back up and grin like the Cheshire cat and tell me to start home but not to put my pants or underwear back on. I start the car and begin the drive home.
You look at me and say, "Sucking your cock and swallowing your cum has gotten me so hot and horny that I need to cum again."
You spread your legs, move your panties aside and start furiously rubbing your clit, causing you to orgasm quickly. You again look at me and say, "That is just not going to do, I need your cock in my pussy, plunging in and out just like my fingers are right now."
You are plunging your fingers in and out of your pussy, thrusting hard and fast bringing yourself to another orgasm. You continue to thrust your fingers in and out of your pussy as you look over at me and say, "My fingers thrusting in and out of my pussy are no substitute for your big, hard cock. I want your cock deep in my pussy and then I want it deep in my ass making me cum and cum."
As you continue to thrust your fingers in and out of your pussy you pull your blouse over your head. You start pulling and tugging on you nipples. My cock is hardening again as you bring yourself to another orgasm.
You look at me and say, "I am going to keep thrusting my fingers in and out of my pussy until we get home. I am going to keep pulling and tugging my nipples till we get home. When we get home we are going to get out of the car dressed as we are and as soon as we are inside you are going to bend me over the couch and shove that stiff cock deep into my wet pussy."
You continue to thrust your fingers in and out of your pussy and twist and tug your nipples all the way home. As we pull into the driveway you scream as your orgasm rocks through you. We hop out of the car and rush to the house, you in just your panties and me wearing just a t-shirt. Once inside I bend you over the couch and shove my cock deep into your pussy in one stroke.
I start really pumping in and out of your wet pussy causing you to scream as you orgasm. Between gasps you tell me to, "Fuck my pussy with that big thick cock shove it deep in me, make me cum."
I shove my cock deep in your pussy and hold it there feeling your pussy contract in orgasm. I pull out and you turn around and start sucking my cock, taking it deep into your mouth. I pull you up and kiss you as our bodies are pressed together.
I take your hand and lead you to the bedroom, you strip off your panties as you crawl onto the bed, I remove my shirt, shoes and socks and crawl up the bed slowly kissing my way up your belly, between your breasts to your lips.
You pull away from the kiss and say, "Rub that stiff cock over my pussy and clit, make me cum by rubbing that hard cock on my clit."
I start rubbing my cock up and down your pussy, rubbing my cock over your clit. Your hips start to buck as your orgasm crashes through your body.
You scream at me, "Shove that cock in my pussy, make me cum again, shove it in deep and hard." I slide down and drive my cock deep into your pussy, thrusting hard and fast. It isn't long before you are cumming again.
I slow down as you calm down and you look at me and say, "Fuck my ass, I want to feel your cock buried deep in my ass. Fuck my ass, make me cum with your cock deep in my ass."
I start rubbing my cock up your pussy and down to your ass bringing your wetness down to your ass. I plunge my cock deep into your pussy and you gasp. I slowly pull my cock from my pussy and you look at me and say, "Put that cock in my ass now, I need your cock in my ass, fuck my ass now."
I slide my cock down and slowly start to push my cock into your ass. The head pops in and I hold it there, but you are having none of that and thrust your hips up, causing my cock to sink into your ass.
You moan and say, "Fuck my ass, make me cum with your cock deep in my ass, fill my ass with your cum. Fuck my ass now, make me cum."
I start thrusting hard and deep in your ass, you are bringing your hips up to meet me. Your orgasm starts to flow through your body and I continue to thrust. You are now having a continuous orgasm and yell, "Yes, yes, fuck my ass, cum in my ass. Fuck me hard, I want you to cum deep in my ass."
I thrust hard and deep and hold it as my cum starts pulsing out of my cock and deep into your ass. Your orgasm peaks with mine. As our orgasms subside I slowly slide my cock out your ass and kiss you gently.
You look at me and ask, "Did you enjoy your evening, did you enjoy my words and actions?" I laughed and said, "I have never enjoyed an evening, your words or your actions more than this evening."