Cross Contamination Chapter 5: Making Friends with Strangers
A few days after her first cheerleading practice, Renee invited Cassie over to her house with Melissa for a sleepover. Cassie had been a little wary of Renee after feeling so humiliated in front of the other cheerleaders, but her behavior in the past few days had been nothing but kind. Besides, her former best friend Kelsy had stopped talking to her, and it felt like Renee, Melissa, and the other cheer girls were all she had.
Things had scarcely gotten any better with Peter. Their conversations were stlited and awkward, and they hadn't attempted to kiss again. The three girls sat cross-legged on Renee's giant bed while Cassie vented her frustrations.
"I don't know..." she said sadly. "I just thought things would be different. We always seemed to have such a good connection when we were friends."
Renee and Melissa shared a knowing look, fighting to keep the smiles off their faces. That was because, with Renee's help, Peter couldn't see Kissy as anything but a piece of meat.
"Well, let me see." Said Renee, holding out her hand, "I want to take a look at how you two are texting.'
Cassie glumly handed over her phone, and Renee scrolled through several pages of dry, short 'good morning' and 'how are you' texts. She shook her head and started typing.
"Hey wait!" Yelped Cassie, reaching for the phone. "What are you writing?" Melissa giggled and held her back, giving Renee time to finish.
"What you two need," said Renee with a devilish smile, "Is a little more...spark. I just tossed something out there to get his fire going a little."
Melissa let Cassie go, and she finally grabbed her phone from Renee's hand, dread in her heart.
[Hey baby. Have you ever gotten a blowjob?]
She groaned. How could Renee do this to her? She wanted to die of embarrassment.
"Noooooo. Renee, whyyyyy? I'm going to text him and tell him that it was you just now."
"Wait!" Said Renee, grabbing her hand to stop her from texting Peter again, "Why don't you see how he responds first. If you don't like how things go, I swear I will confess. You two need to break the ice a little. A little dirty talk is the perfect way to turn up the heat. That's not the end either. You are going to need to do the rest. I'll coach you" Cassie still wasn't convinced. Maybe it would be better if she handled communications with her boyfriend. Well, she could always take Renee's advice into consideration and decide for herself. She just had to make sure her new friend didn't get a hold of her phone again.
Renee thumped a hand down on the bed like she was calling a meeting to order. "Speaking of dirty talk. You and I have to talk about the homework I've been sending to you. I told you you would have to report back."
Cassie gulped. She had sort of assumed that because Melissa was here as well, she would have a reprieve from talking about these things. She looked over at the tall, beautiful cheerleader, who was grinning in anticipation.
Renee saw Cassie glancing nervously at Melissa laughed "Oh, you're worried about Mel? Don't be, girlie. I told Mel alllll about your problems and my plans for you. I tell her everything, we're besties."
Cassie wasn't sure that it made her feel better that these two gorgeous women were discussing her sexuality in private She thought that that might be a little rude... But something about the idea of the two beautiful girls discussing her masturbation habits in detail did sound somehow...intriguing.
"So anyway, spill." Said Renee, leaning forward enough that Cassie could see down her loose shirt, "How often have you been rubbing one out?"
Cassie blushed and looked down mumbling, "Ummm, maybe...twice a day."
Renee put her hand on Cassie's thigh and gently asked, "Really Cassie? Is that the real number?"
"W-well." Stammered Cassie guiltily, "Sometimes four times. Once in the morning and t-three times at night." The new way Renee had taught her just felt so good, and the videos Renee sent her were so compelling, that she sometimes just couldn't help herself.
Melissa threw her head back and laughed loudly, clapping her hands. Renee smiled widely and squeezed Cassie's thigh with an "atta-girl" motion.
"Kissy, you little slut!" Said Renee approvingly. "Well, that means we should have lots of data. Talk to me. Which of the videos I sent was your favorite?"
"It was... ummm." Renee and Melissa were both leaning forward now, Renee's hand still on her thigh. They had looks of eager anticipation on their faces. Cassie had a sudden urge not to tell them, to keep her sexuality private. Was this really the sort of thing normal friends discussed? She had never gone this in depth about her sexual preferences with Kelsy.
"Tell us, Kissy. Now." Renee's voice wasn't loud, but it was hard and demanding. Her hand's pressure was steady on Cassie's thigh. Renee had been such a good friend. She was different from Kelsey, but different didn't mean wrong. Cassie folded.
"It was the... one with lots of men and one girl."
"Oooooohhh, the gangbang scene," cooed Renee, as Melissa giggled.
It was a scene where a pale, curvy, dark-haired school girl was chosen by the teacher as a sex ed example, and was fucked mercilessly by her class, which was improbably filled with only massive muscular black men.
"Give me the details, Kissy. Why did that one get you all hot and wet?"
Cassie shrugged, her face burning. She couldn't shake the feeling that she was the butt of a joke between Renee and Melissa right now, rather than someone they were helping.
Renee's hand moved up and down her thigh, and she used her hard voice again: "We're waiting, Kissy."
"I don't know, something about that girl being the center of attention, about all the men focusing on her."
"Too clinical," snapped Renee. "If we want to explore your sexuality, we need to see it the way you see it. I want you to use dirty talk. Make us see why it gets you all hot and bothered."
Cassie blushed deeper, that sounded massively embarrassing. Melissa and Renee leered at her with glee in their eyes. "No, Renee." Cassie said, quietly.
The look of excited glee curdled on Renee's face. Melissa frowned.
"No?" Said Renee coldly, removing her hand from Cassie's thigh.
"I... I just don't think that I am comfortable doing that kind of thing. I'm sorry, but maybe I'm just not as comfortable with my sexuality as you are."
Renee sighed and pinched the bridge of her nose like she was speaking to the most frustratingly stupid person in the world. Cassie felt a little stab of anxiety. She was antagonizing two of her only friends in the school.
"I thought I had made this clear, Kissy." Said Renee with disappointment, "This is really your last chance. You might not be comfortable with your sexuality, but all the boys in the school are way TOO comfortable with it. They're obsessing over it. I'm trying to help you here. This is the crash course, babes. I know it's tough for a goody-goody virgin like you to become a confident goddess overnight, but trust me when I say that this is the process." Her voice was dripping with exasperation, and as she went on, Cassie felt worse and worse for questioning her.
"Um...sorry Renee." Said Cassie when she had finished, feeling more confused and conflicted than ever.
"Don't be sorry, be better." Said Renee firmly. "Now, are you ready to give us a little dirty talk about your favoritest porn ever?"
Cassie nodded reluctantly, and Renee's hand moved back to her thigh, the girls leaning back in, their attentive, excited energy returning.
"When that little schoolgirl..." Began Cassie slowly.
"Schoolgirl slut." Corrected Melissa helpfully with a wide, shiny smile.
"Y-yeah. When that little schoolgirl slut knelt down, surrounded by all those hard penises"
"Big hard cocks." Renee supplied
"Those big hard c-cocks." Cassie almost whispered the last word. Renee's hand was rubbing up and down her thigh distractingly. "You could tell that the attention was on her, that all of their sexual energy was laser-focused on her. Her..." She glanced at Renee, " Her tits, her pussy. All those men..."
"Mmmm, those black men," said Renee with a teasing smile.
"Those black men, they wanted her, but you could see that they didn't respect her. She was just a sexual object to them. And when they ejaculated..."
"Jizzzzzed" Purred Melissa.
"When they jizzed all over her. On her ass, her hair, her mouth... it was like she had stopped being a woman anymore. Like now she was just a... a..."
"A cum dumpster." Supplied Renee, eyes shining.
"A Jizz rag." giggled Melissa
"A slutty little cum-target sex toy." Finished Renee.
"All of those." Whispered Cassie. "And by doing that, for all those men, she had... lowered herself. Made herself lesser than everyone in the room, to get them off. To get herself off. She allowed that degradation. Even though it was just acting, I don't know how she could look them in the eye afterward, after they had used her body like a... like a jizz rag."
Renee was nodding, but now that she was into it, Cassie couldn't stop.
"And not just them. So many people online saw it too. Saw how those men used her body, and made her a sex toy for their amusement. Covered her in their cum. If someone who saw the video met her in real life, would they treat her like an equal person? Maybe, but in the back of their minds, maybe they would be thinking that they knew she was just a filthy slut who loved having her face and her body painted with strange men's jizz."
Renee's hand had rested on her inner thigh, strangely high up. Renee's face looked triumphant, Melissa's ecstatic.
"It's... hot to think about. I wouldn't want that for myself of course."
"Of course," chorused Melissa and Renee,
"But it's just a fun little fantasy."
Renee and Melissa nodded knowingly, sharing a secret smile.
"That was good!" said Renee, moving her hand from Cassie's thigh to pat her on the back. "Now we know some of your fetishes, girl! Exhibitionism. Public Use. Degradation. Yayyy!"
Melissa clapped.
"Hmmmm, the issue is, those are all pretty risky to pursue in real life. Like you imagined in your dirty little masturbation fantasies, these fetishes could ruin your reputation forever! We don't want everyone thinking you are a nasty, kinky little slut, do we? You want to get into a good college and have a career all set up for you, so we can't have that."
Cassie nodded. She wondered when the first acceptance letters would start coming in. It had to be pretty soon. It would be such a relief to start planning for a new start at college and leave all of the confusing sexual tension in her life behind.
"Well, I have an idea on how to scratch that itch. I'll tell you all about it later. But first, one more question on your masturbation habits."
Renee leaned in close, a strange, cocky grin on her face. She was close enough for their noses to nearly touch. Cassie could feel her breath.
"Have you been touching yourself while looking at that picture of your mommy?"
Cassie froze. Renee's presence was filling her world. Cassie's clear blue eyes darted over Renee's too-close face, while Renee's soft brown eyes remained locked on her's.
"It's... it's not my mommy," lied Cassie in a whisper.
Renee withdrew, the grin growing wider on her face. "Ah, but you HAVE been masturbating to it."
Cassie hung her head, too ashamed for words.
"That is some reeeeally kinky shit, Kissy." Giggled Melissa.
"Shhhh, shut up, Mel." Said Renee, "No judgment here, just more data. A mommy kink maybe? A little... bisexuality? A real sexual attraction to your own mother? Something to explore."
Cassie's phone pinged.
"God, finally." said Renee, leaning back on her hands, "I can't believe he left you on read for that long. Read me what he sent, I'll tell you what to send back."
...
Gina heard her phone ping from inside the shower, sending a shudder of anticipation down her spine. She had given up with the pretense of having her phone on silent. Daren clearly knew that she texted Victor, so what was the point?
She hastily rubbed off the last of the soap suds and jumped out, snatching up the phone, eyes greedy.
Victor didn't disappoint her.
[Good evening, beautiful.]
It was a picture taken in his bathroom mirror, robe open, muscles rippling, massive cock jutting up from between his muscular legs, face painted with that classic cocky smile.
God, he was an evil jerk, but he had a beautiful body. Gina's fingers moved on their own between her legs, as her eyes drank in the picture. Maybe she had a little extra time before that date started to play with her new toy. Just to get her head straight.
Ping.
[Send me a picture. I want to see the lady I'm going out with tonight]
Ping.
[All of her.]
Gina laughed to herself. Victor thought he had her under his thumb. The man was delusional. Gina was perfectly in control, and she knew that giving Victor what he wanted would make it harder for her to effectively get what she wanted later. But... he had already seen everything multiple times over, she admitted to herself grudgingly. On that first humiliating night at that damn key party. After she had returned from the spa. And, she thought with a rush of humiliation, there had been... one or two times after that. There had been a couple of nights when her libido had gotten the better of her. So what. She had sent Victor a couple more pictures wearing the stupid choker that he had given her. And, admittedly, not a lot else besides the choker. It was just a kinky way to fuel her masturbation, not anything serious.
Well, since he had seen it all already, where was the harm now if she compromised a little and gave him a little peek at what he would never get?
She smiled, wrapped a concealing arm around her breasts, turned her hips to the side to hide her pussy, made a kissy face, and snapped a photo of her wet, naked body in the mirror, sending it to her boyfriend.
[Beautiful. Your lips are made for one thing, baby. I can't wait until I have you swallowing my cum.]
Gina laughed. Victor was getting more aggressive with his dirty talk, and sometimes his arrogance went too far.
[Sorry to break your shriveled little heart, but I will never in a million years swallow your slime] Gina texted back.
[I don't know what you think I am, but we both know only sluts do that. Besides, don't you remember? I don't care what you think these lips were built for, I swore that I would never ever have that monster dick in this hot little mouth.]
She snapped a quick pic of herself blowing him a kiss without even realizing she had forgotten to cover her breasts this time, then walked into the bedroom, laughing to herself. Victor talked a big game, but after all, he was just a horny little boy like all the rest. One she could easily wrap around her finger. She was sure that she could get him to guarantee her husband's job and deny him anything further. And if she got a little masturbation material out of it along the way, where was the harm? Masturbation wasn't cheating. Despite his obvious flaws, she still loved her husband. She would do anything for him, including defeating his pompous ass of a boss at his own game. She just wished Daren could see it that way.
He was sitting on the edge of the bed, looking miserable. For some disgusting reason he was still pitching a major tent in his pants, like he so often did nowadays.
He had given up trying to convince her not to go on the date hours ago and was now just moping around her in miserable silence. Gina eyed the bulge in his pants speculatively. She couldn't forget the fact that he had jerked himself off watching her humiliation at Victor's hands that night a few months ago. Could this whole fucked up situation be turning him on?
Time for a little test.
"Honey," she said in a silky smooth voice, "How do you really feel about me going out with Victor tonight?"
Daren looked up, startled, a guilty look in his eyes.
"T-terrible. Worried. A little u... u-upset."
"Hmmmm." She said, looking into his eyes and seeing something besides worry there. "Maybe you should be worried."
Daren opened his mouth, shocked. "I mean, I have no intention of doing anything indecent with that big, bad man." said Gina in a naughty tone, "But I think we both know that he has every intention of doing something very, very indecent to me."
"And, I mean, who knows, baby? He has a beautiful body and a massive cock. He is a powerful, smart, crafty man." She continued, hugging Daren from behind, "Can I guarantee with 100 percent certainty that he won't find a way to get my pussy, which he so desperately wants?"
"No." She whispered into Daren's ear. She simultaneously reached her hand forward, tightly gripping Daren's straining penis through his pants. Feeling how hard the conversation had made him.
"Gross." She said in disappointment, turning away. But that didn't match her feelings completely. There was something...interesting about Daren getting so turned on by this. Poor sweet Daren. Just like Victor, another horny little boy she could wrap around her finger.
"I can't believe you are getting turned on like this," she said ruefully to his crimson face. "And quite apart from the little fetish you have going on over there, you need to start having a little more faith and trust in me."
She took Daren's face in her hands and kissed him deeply.
"Look me in the eyes, honey."
Daren looked at her, calming down under her intense gaze.
"I am not going to fuck Victor Cross. Never. You're the one I love, Daren. And this pussy?"
She grabbed his hand, and made him feel the smooth, slimy heat between her legs. Hoped he didn't wonder why she had been so turned on recently.
"It's only for you. Victor Cross doesn't get any."
He smiled up at her. Reassured, at least a bit. But a little worried by the fact she was still going to go on the date.
...
[Whoa... where did that come from lol. No, I've never had one.]
Melissa and Renee were reading over her shoulder.
"Wow I'm so surprised," scoffed Melissa, "I bet he's still a virgin too. Maybe you should say that."
"Shut the fuck up," Said Renee, hitting her with a pillow, "We are trying to turn this nerd on, not break him down. Don't listen to her, Kissy. Here, this is what you should say..."
She scooted closer, putting her chin on Cassie's shoulder.
"Say: 'I've never given one either, but I'm really curious how it feels. I need a big strong man to show me what it's like. Maybe we can experiment together.'"
Cassie looked at Renee with her jaw hanging open.
"No way, Renee. That's... that's too much."
"I know, I know. Shocking! But you need something shocking. Your relationship is dead on arrival. Consider this a defibrillator. Go on now Kissy, write it."
Cassie's fingers hesitated over the keys. Renee seems so confident. Could this really be the key to fixing her new relationship? Her relationship with Peter was great just a few weeks ago, when they were just friends. Why couldn't it be like that now that they were dating?
"Write it, Kissy." Renee was gripping her shoulder, looking her in the eyes. Renee had had twenty times more boyfriends than her. She did want to be intimate with Peter at some point, right? Maybe Renee was right, and she should be open about it with him.
Cassie haltingly typed out the message that Renee had told her word for word. Her thumb hovered over the send button. Renee reached over her shoulder quickly and pressed her thumb down.
"Boop."
Cassie covered her eyes with her hand. She couldn't believe she had sent something like that to Peter. God, what would he say?
"Well," said Renee with a smile, "It's probably going to take him a minute to get his head around that. We have other important business to take care of."
She moved over to sit by Melissa, putting her slim brown arm over Melissa's shoulder.
"I was talking to Melissa about your first kiss with Peter," said Renee, with Melissa nodding seriously beside her.
"She told me it sucked." Said Melissa bluntly, a smirk on her perfect face.
"Which wasn't a lie." Continued Renee smoothly. "How much kissing experience do you have exactly, girlie?"
"Ummm," said Cassie, feeling embarrassed, "Not a lot I guess. I had a boyfriend in middle school, and then a short thing with Brian Greggerson sophomore year. I kissed both of them." But not all that much, she didn't add. Neither of them had a very long or passionate relationship.
"Uh-huh." Said Renee dismissively. "In any case. It's clear what you need. More practice."
Both Renee and Melissa had hungry, predatory grins on their faces.
Cassie's eyes darted from face to face. What did they mean? "You mean with Peter? Sure, I guess, but he's been a little distant since I asked him out..."
Melissa giggled, moving on her knees so that she was behind Cassie on the bed "We weren't thinking about practice with Peter."
Renee leaned forward on her hands and knees, bringing her face close to Cassie's. It was so abrupt and unexpected that Cassie tried to scoot back, but Melissa was behind her, keeping a firm pressure on her back, cutting off her escape.
"You need some practice with someone supportive," said Renee, gazing into her eyes, her soft, pillowy lips glossy, slightly parted, "someone experienced." She was close enough that Cassie could smell her fresh, floral perfume.
"We know what boys like," whispered Melissa in her ear, "We'll teach you."
Renee reached forward and softly grabbed the back of her head, fingers tangling through her dark, wavy hair "I'll be the boy, you be the girl. Just follow my lead, Kissy." And then she was closing the distance, and Kissy had nowhere to run. Didn't want to run.
The kiss was mind-blowing, the opposite in every way to her awkward kiss with Peter. Renee's soft lips were inviting, teasing, and moist. Her hand pulled Cassie into the kiss, making her feel like she was in Renee's control. She wanted more.
"Now, that was an example of a nice, sweet, innocent kiss." Said Renee, pulling back with a shy smile.
"But obviously," Purred Melissa, turning Cassie's head to the side to give her access, "things won't always be so innocent."
Melissa's kiss was much more aggressive than Renee's, with a firm pressure from the very beginning. Cassie felt Melissa's little tongue slip past her lips, swirling and caressing her own. Melissa's mouth was minty, and her tongue left tingling trails as it traced Cassie's own. Cassie felt Melissa's hand trace up her side, firmly cupping her breast, massaging and kneading. Where Renee's kiss was sweet and sensual, this one felt passionate and... a little dirty. Cassie felt herself responding, getting more and more into the kiss. She in turn slipped her tongue into Melissa's mouth.
Melissa withdrew, shaking a finger playfully. "Ah Ah Ah, Kissy. I'm the boy and you're the girl, remember? Whether it comes to make-out sessions and sex, the boy is dominant, and the girl is submissive."
"Submissive?" Said Cassie meekly, looking up at the tall blond cheerleader with big wide eyes.
"That's right, Kissy," said Renee, turning Cassie's attention back to her, "It means letting the boy take charge of the situation. It means letting the boy get what he wants. Let's try that with this next example."
This time Renee didn't hold back, and there was no sweet innocence remaining in her kiss. She plunged her hand around Cassie's back, holding their bodies tightly together. Her soft lips locked tightly over Cassie, and her tongue darted and writhed aggressively in Cassie's mouth. She pushed forward forcefully, using her momentum to push Cassie down to the mattress, with Renee on top of her.
Cassie could feel it in her blood and in her soul. She knew what the girls meant about being submissive, about letting the boy take control. She felt conquered, commanded, and controlled by Renee's dominating kiss.
Renee's thigh was between her legs, pushing, demanding access. She parted her legs and allowed Renee to push her knee directly against her crotch, maintaining solid, grinding pressure there. Her tongue remained in her own mouth, stroking and tangling with Renee's intruding tongue, their lips hungrily twisting and slipping against each other.
Cassie felt Renee's hand slip under her shirt, applying pressure, lifting, pulling. She gasped as Renee separated their lips, just long enough to pull the shirt over her head, before pouncing again on her waiting mouth, attacking it with her soft lips and tongue.
Renee pulled Cassie up, pulling Cassie's pajama-clad legs towards her so Cassie was sitting in Renee's lap, straddling her. The kiss continued. Cassie never wanted it to stop. Was this what a makeout session was supposed to be like? It was way more sexual than any kissing she had ever been a part of. She felt a pressure on her back, and suddenly her bra was falling away, removed by either Melissa or Renee, she was too distracted to tell who. Renee grabbed it a flung it across the room.
Renee pushed her onto her back again, and now she wasn't just kissing her mouth. Renee's soft lips were planting big wet kisses on her neck. And her slim little hands were all over Cassie's breasts, stroking and squeezing. Lightly pinching and twisting the nipples. Cassie had played with her nipples during masturbation, but Renee's skilled fingers were in a whole other class.
Melissa was busy behind Renee, and Cassie could feel her pajama pants and panties being tugged down her hips. But she was so distracted, Renee was now tracing her tongue around the edge of her ear, lightly biting the earlobe, whispering...
"Good girl, Kissy. Looks like you are a natural at being submissive."
Renee's mouth now returned to hers, and Cassie greedily accepted it, breasts heaving with her ragged breath, straining into the dominant kiss, craving the intrusion of Renee's wicked tongue into her welcoming, hot mouth. Cassie was now totally nude, being dominated by a kiss from someone totally clothed. She could feel the difference in power and respect between them. It was driving her crazy. Renee's hand reached down, and with an electric shock of lust, Cassie felt Renee's bare fingers lightly touch her hot, ready pussy.
Renee increased the pressure slightly, just enough for her fingers to part Cassie's lips and feel the wetness. She withdrew from the kiss, a shining line of saliva dripping down to shimmer on Cassie's naked tits. She put her lips right back to Cassie's ear and said...
"Bzzzzzzzt! Wrong answer Kissy!" In a loud, obnoxious voice. She rolled off of Kissy, leaning on Melissa, the two of them both collapsing with fits of laughter.
Melissa was gasping, tears of laughter in her eyes "Wow Kissy! You really are inexperienced! I told you to be a little submissive, not to turn into a total slut!"
Renee tried to get her giggles under control, "You should have seen yourself, Kissy. The second a boy applies a little pressure, and you are nude and wet beneath him. You would be a teen mom within a month without our help!"
Cassie blushed furiously, trying to adjust to the whiplash of mood. She tried ineffectively to cover herself, struggling to locate her clothes.
"Uh uh uh, my little subbie princess," Said Renee cruelly, "I think you need a little lesson after that slip-up. I think your penalty is to stay nude for the rest of the night. All in favor?"
Renee and Melissa both raised their hands, falling again into gales of laughter. Cassie tried to adjust and move on. She and Kelsey used to whisper about the games the popular girls were supposed to like playing during the sleepovers her and Kelsey were never invited to. This nude penalty was tame compared to some of the stories she had heard. If she made a big deal out of this little game, Renee and Melissa might realize she was just a nerd trying to act like them. They were the best friends she had right now, and she couldn't lose them. She could do this. They would probably let up and let her put on some clothes in a little while.
Cassie's phone pinged again.
"Perfect timing!" crowed Renee, grabbing Cassie's phone out of her pajama pants, crumpled in the corner. "Let's see what loverboy has to say."
[That sounds amazing, Kissy! I'm in!]
"Ooooh," said Melissa, "sounds like nerd boy is an eager little beaver."
"I knew this would work," said Renee smugly, "But let's not leave it to chance. I know just the thing to seal the deal, to make him reeeeally look forward to seeing you again." Then she turned the Camera on Cassie and snapped a picture.
Cassie yelped, again moving to cover her shame. "Renee!" she gasped, "No Way! Delete that!"
Renee made an annoyed little pout, looking at the screen. "You're right Kissy, the angle is wrong. You're going to have to pose." She held the camera up and pointed it in Cassie's direction again.
Cassie wordlessly shook her head, hunching over and trying to hide as much as she could.
"Come on Kissy." Melissa said gently, rubbing her back.
Renee lowered the camera and gave Cassie an impatient look. "I won't force you, babe, but I really think it is a good idea."
"This is just how people who are dating act nowadays. You want him to be attracted to you right?" Said Melissa in a disinterested voice, sticking a new piece of gum in her mouth and beginning to chew.
"I guess so" mumbled Cassie from the fetal position.
"Well, this is how it is done. Come on now. I won't send anything without your permission. Just let me take a few pictures and see how they look. You can decide then."
Cassie reluctantly uncurled and sat back on the bed, face red as a beet. She leaned back into the pillows and spread her legs a little. But her hand remained tightly clamped over her pussy. She wasn't willing to go that far. Her other hand gripped the side of her face, an old tic from when she was embarrassed as a little girl, resurrected by this extreme situation.
"Uh-huh," said Renee approvingly. "I like it! Sweet sexy innocence. Very "pin-up". It works." She snapped a few pictures from slightly different angles, trying to capture Cassie's impressive tits in the best light.
"Ooh la la!" Cooed Melissa, "Work it, girl! But couldn't we give poor little nerd boy just a little more, Renee?"
"Good point, Mel. Let's just get one like this, just to see how it looks." She reached down quickly and snatched Cassie's hand away from her pussy, snapping away with the camera, capturing the look of shock and humiliation on Cassie's face.
"Delete those Renee! I mean it!" Said Cassie hotly. "I don't want to send any pictures like that!"
"Ok, ok, damn." Said Renee, swiftly working to text herself the photos, then delete the sent texts, "I just thought you would want the option. There. Deleted." Deleted from the phone, but saved to Renee's private stash.
She scooted over to Cassie, throwing her arm around Cassie's shoulders, pulling her close, a naked boob squashing against her clothed torso. "Let's take a look, shall we?" Melissa nuzzled in on the other side, twining her arm around Cassie's waist.
Cassie had to admit the photos were hot. She didn't realize how sexy she could look. Renee really had an eye for photography. The question was if it was a good idea to send this to Peter.
"Trust me," said Renee firmly, "This is what your relationship needs. You need to get him drooling. Then he will be putty in your hands, and you will have so much passion you won't know what to do with it. Here, I thought of a good caption."
She typed in the phone and turned it towards Cassie so that she could see.
[There are lots more experiments that I want to do with you, lover. Will you be my lab partner?]
It was pretty cheesy. But she was sure that the image of her laying back on the bed, covered only by her fingers, a look of sexy embarrassment on her face would distract him from the corniness of the message.
She took a deep breath.
Renee and Melissa started a chant:
"Send it! Send it! Send it!"
Well...why not? It was Peter. She wanted him to see her being sexy. And if Melissa and Renee said all dating couples did this, then why shouldn't she? She could trust him. She quickly jabbed the send button before she could change her mind.
The girls went crazy, hooting and whooping, doing a little joyful dance. Cassie smiled, and almost forgot her humiliating nudity.
Mortifyingly, the door opened. Cassie froze in shock, her mouth dropping open in an "o" of horror.
Mr. Cross stood in the doorway, a look of amusement on his face. "Everything okay in here girls?" He asked with a smile. His eyes flicked to the three girls in bed. Any second now, thought Cassie, he would see that she was naked, and quickly shut the door, apologizing.
But that didn't happen. When his eyes hit Cassie, they remained there for a burning hot second, taking her in, analyzing her. Cassie's hands clutched tightly at her most private places, trying her best to hide her nipples and pussy from this strange, muscular, older man.
"And who is this? A new playmate?"
"This is Kissy, dad. Kissy Harlowe." She put a strange emphasis on Cassie's last name, but that was the least of Cassie's worries right now. "Kissy, this is my Dad, Victor."
Victor walked across the room, and then, a charming smile on his face, extended his hand to shake. Cassie tried to ignore him, to look away, but something about his posture, his presence, was so... insistent. How could Renee and Melissa be treating this situation like it was normal?
Feeling the sweet burn of humiliation in her belly, she unclasped her sweaty hand from her full young tits and placed it in Victor's, freeing her rock-hard pink nipples for Victor's inspection. He didn't even have the decency to pretend he wasn't looking at them as he crushed her little hand in his strong black one and pumped it vigorously, forcing her big teen tits to jiggle lewdly.
"So what did you want, Dad?" Renee maintained her casual arm on Cassie's shoulder. As though this whole situation was normal and unconcerning.
"Just heard some screaming, but it looks like you three were just having some fun." Oh my god, did he just wink at me? Cassie screamed internally, finally freeing her hand to snake back to its place over her diamond-hard nipples, clutching tight again as if by doing so she could somehow erase the dominant older man's memory of them.
"Anyway sweetie, I'm about to head out on a date, remember that you have an important chore tonight."
"Geez, Dad." Huffed Renee, "I didn't forget. I'm just going to step out in a few minutes to take care of it. Melissa will entertain my guest while I'm gone."
"That's my girl. Have fun you three. Nice to meet you Kissy." Victor gave Cassie one last leering smile, then walked out the door, clicking it shut behind him.
...
Gina shook her head, staring at the garment bag draped across the seat of the private car next to her. Earlier today, Victor had sent over a dress, with a note saying that he wanted her to wear it tonight. Predictably for Victor, it was a shiny silver minidress that could barely contain her butt and had plunging cleavage that would leave half of her tits hanging out for the world to see.
Speaking with Daren had cleared the haze from her eyes a little. She had, in some small ways, been letting Victor run roughshod over her. It was time to test the limits of their little arrangement by refusing the dress. What was the worst that could happen, Victor throwing a tantrum?
She also had the ridiculous choker in her purse. She had to admit wearing it turned her on. Clearly, whether or not she was fully comfortable with it, she did have a submission kink, at least somewhat. She was going to give the choker back to Victor tonight. She saw clearly now that Victor was simply not a safe person to explore that aspect of her sexuality with. After this whole thing with Victor died down, she could do some experimentation with Daren in the privacy of their marital bed.
She realized that the car was slowing down with a frown. This couldn't be right. The building had a large blue neon sign naming it "The Panther Club". Gina's mouth twisted in distaste. She recognized the name. It was a high-end strip club which catered to the rich and powerful. It was also frequently in trouble for mistreating its workers and persistently rumored to be involved with illegal prostitution.
If Victor thought this was a good venue for a classy date, maybe she had given him too much credit for good taste. He had insisted that tonight's date would be a secret surprise, and now she could see why.
The driver was, in fact, stopping at the Panther Club. He got out and opened the door for her. Well, thought Gina grimly, at least this would make it easier to have a fight about the dress and choker. She scooped up the garment bag and made her way hesitantly inside.
The bouncer at the door seemed to be expecting her. He opened the door for her, and a young man in a waiter's uniform inside took over, greeting her warmly, shouting to be heard over the pulsing dance rhythms from deeper inside the club.
He led her onto the floor of the club itself, threading between tables in the dimly lit room, pulsing with vivid, shocking color in time to the deep, almost hypnotic music. The place was packed, filled with well-dressed men and women around every table, all eyes staring with intensity at the dancer on the stage. Gina felt her eyes drawn that way as well.
She was young. Couldn't have been older than twenty, and if not beautiful, then she was at least cute. But she clearly hadn't been hired for her face. She had huge, fake breasts and a perfectly shaped, tight little ass, emphasized by the large platform shoes she was confidently striding the stage in.
The dancer was wearing blindingly white lacy lingerie, which pulsed with all the colors of the club lights as she circled, rode, and twined around the pole in the center of the stage, posing and displaying her body to give the hungry audience the sexual thrills they craved.
Gina couldn't help but notice that the women stared with as much desire as the men. Was it really this common for women to desire other women like this?
The stripper on the stage reached behind her with a deft motion, causing her lacy bra to fall forward loosely, now barely containing her massive augmented breasts. It dangling off of them, teasing the crowd. Them, she boldly whipped off the bra, revealing her tits with a look of pride and a saucy shimmy.
She must have had an artist for a surgeon. No attempt had been for the breasts to look natural, but they were beautiful in their artificiality. They were a caricature of sexy natural breasts, a cartoon parody of how men viewed tits. They told a story of a woman changing her body to please men. Of objectifying herself for others' pleasure. They must look ridiculous in everyday street clothes, only designed to look at home on this stage (or in other sexual situations). And that meant that turning men on was more important to this young woman than any other aspect of her life.
You would have to be insane to willingly dance on that stage, thought Gina vaguely, as she watched the captivating young stripper hump the air with fluid movements, expertly holding the attention of the aroused patrons in the palm of her hand. Gina suddenly had a red hot fantasy flash through her brain: of her standing up there on the stage, looking out at the crowd, feeling the cool air on her naked body as she moved to the rhythm, the smoldering eyes of the horny customers crawling all over her body. She imagined willingly submitting to sexual objectification to please strange men, sacrificing her reputation and anonymity just for the sick thrill. She shuddered. It was like the little voice telling you to jump when looking down off of a bridge: it was never something she would do, but she couldn't stop imagining what it would be like. Without meaning to, she focused on the sway of the stripper's tits:her nipples could cut glass, she must be getting off on this.
Gina felt the waiter grab her shoulder and realized with shame that she had been standing there, jaw open, gawping at the stripper's huge fake tits. "Follow me, Ma'am!" Shouted the waiter, "Or you'll get lost!"
Her cheeks growing red, Gina pulled her gaze away from the stage, where the stripper had begun to ease the tiny white panties down her hips. What had gotten into her? She needed to take Victor to task for the inappropriate venue, and enjoying the show enthusiastically wouldn't help her argument much.
Towards the back of the room, the waiter ushered her into a raised VIP area, where the distance of the speakers meant that the music wasn't quite as overwhelming.
Victor was seated, leaning back in a plush booth, eyes half on the stage, where the young stripper was now swirling around the pole acrobatically. Upside down, wearing only those massive platform shoes, legs spread wide. The rest of his attention was on the stunningly beautiful woman across the table from him, laughing and sipping a fruity cocktail.
She was a tall, willowy Latina woman with luscious caramel skin, flowing, silky black hair, deep brown, laughing eyes, and a teasing little smile. As she laughed, she reached across the table, resting a possessive hand lightly on Victor's arm. She had stunning, long, well-shaped legs. It was easy to appreciate them because the dress she was wearing was short enough to put them on full display. It was, although a different size of course, the exact same style of tight silver dress that Victor had sent her as a gift.
Gina frowned.
As she walked up, Victor glanced away from the stage and saw her approach. He looked pleased, and he smoothly rose to greet her. Before she could realize what was happening, he was pulling her into a kiss, and she thought, no, this isn't how it was supposed to go. I was supposed to deny you everything tonight. But something about seeing Victor with another woman had thrown her off balance. Made her unsure. Made her annoyed. She needed time to unpack her feelings, to get away from Victor's influence. But it was too late, Victor's strong arms were around her, her face was tilting up to receive his kiss. He kissed her deeply, his tongue powerfully and smoothly entering her mouth, her own tongue lightly flicking and welcoming it. It was over before Gina could catch her breath, leaving her flustered and bewildered as he pulled away with a smile.
"Lucia!", he said, turning to the lovely woman, now standing at his side with a polite smile, "I would like you to meet Gina, my girlfriend."
Lucia smiled brightly, pulling her into a hug. She could feel the woman's lithe, warm body press against hers, smell an exotic, fruity perfume from her body. Unexpectedly, Lucia planted a warm little kiss on Gina's neck. She could still feel it burning there as Lucia pulled away, a mysterious smile on her face.
"Gina," said Victor, continuing, that old cocky grin growing on his face, "I would like you to meet Lucia. She's my personal assistant. But more importantly, she's my other girlfriend."
...
Renee left a few minutes after speaking with her father. She apologized profusely. She explained that she had an important errand that her Dad needed her help with and that it couldn't wait. She said she was going to try to be back as soon as she could, but made no promises about how late that might be. She snatched a duffel that made odd clinking from her closet, and hurried out the door.
It was now just Cassie and Melissa, which made Cassie a little nervous. The energy between three girls, when one was naked as a penalty for losing a game was embarrassing fun. It felt very different with just two girls there one-on-one, one clothed, one naked. Much more intimate and even... kinky.
Cassie also knew Renee a lot better than Melissa, and this exposure felt much more like being intimately revealed to a stranger. Cassie wasn't sure what to think of Melissa. The pretty blonde had never been anything but nice outwardly to her, but there was something in her eyes that Cassie was wary of at the same time it darkly intrigued her. It reminded her of how the boys looked at her that day in the hallway.
Melissa clearly had zero interest in lifting the erotic tension of the evening. She insisted that they watch some of Cassie's "homework" videos on Renee's laptop while they ate the pizza Renee had ordered for them. Cassie tried to protest, but for some reason, being naked in front of this popular girl wearing comfy casual pijamas made it difficult to argue or say no. She just felt weaker and less confident when the other girl snuck peeks at her still-stiff nipples.
Melissa had leaned back on the pillows and ordered Cassie to sit between her legs, leaning her torso back onto Melissa's, a position that, while it wasn't sexual, felt unbearably close and intimate to Cassie in her naked, worked-up state.
Melissa began playing another video This one had intrigued Cassie a great deal, but it was one that she really really didn't want to discuss with the girls. Even being interested in the content was shameful enough, she would just die if Renee forced her to give a dirty description of it.
Melissa greedily devoured a slice of pizza as the poorly-acted porn setup played out. A young, dark-haired girl needed money from her "step-daddy" to go see a concert. She was willing to do anything.
Melissa leaned eagerly over her shoulder, jabbing a half-eaten slice of pizza at the screen. "Oh shit, Kissy! Doesn't that look just like you?" A drop of grease dripped from the pizza onto Cassie's exposed breast, a small blob of orange oil staining one milky orb.
"Hey, Melissa! Careful!" Whined Cassie, looking for something to wipe herself off with.
"Fuck. My bad, Kissy." Said Melissa, not looking sorry at all, "Let me get that."
She used a napkin to roughly scrub across Cassie's soiled tit, not very subtly pinching her nipple with the rough paper while she was at it.
On the screen, the girl's stepdaddy, for reasons that didn't really make sense, had the young actress over his knee, her skirt flipped up, giving her spankings, making her groan in pain and pleasure.
"Well, we both know how you feel about mommies, you kinky bitch," Said Melissa sassily, chewing her pizza. "But what about this?"
She leaned forward towards Cassie's ear and whispered in a parody of little girl sexiness: "Do daddies turn you on?"
"N-no. No way Melissa." said Cassie unconvincingly.
Cassie squirmed, feeling trapped between Melissa's long athletic legs. She had masturbated to this video only once. Her orgasm had been so powerful she had been worried that she had moaned loudly enough to wake her parents. She had avoided the video afterward. There was something too strange and twisted about the erotic power that the taboo video had.
"It's not that weird, you know?" Said Melissa chattily, using the mouse to click to random points in the video.
"It's called an Electra complex. Daddy is the first strong male figure in every girl's life. It makes sense that some girls would get some odd sexual hang-ups over that." The daughter in the video was being fucked deeply by the daddy, her legs spread wide, their eyes locked passionately together, faces just inches from each other.
"I mean, take Renee's hot fucking daddy for example. You think that she hasn't ever thought about what it would be like to fuck him?" The thought of Renee's tall, suave father, so soon after meeting him naked, sent a hot, wet jolt of lust through Cassie's belly. What's wrong with me? He's my friend's dad and old enough to be my father!
"I mean, my daddy is a total stud. I'm not ashamed to say I've rubbed one out thinking about him once or twice." Melissa glanced at Cassie, hoping that she wouldn't catch the lie. She had nothing to worry about. Cassie's eyes were glued to the screen, growing glassy and distant. On the screen, the daughter was bouncing on her daddy's dick reverse cowgirl, her skirt flying, her face twisted in ecstasy. Cassie's hand gripped her thigh, sliding slowly towards the center.
"It's the wrongness that makes it hot, Kissy." Said Melissa, maintaining her smoldering whisper. "The man who raised you, whose love for you was pure and innocent, now seeing you as a sexual object, a woman to be conquered, just another slut he can fuck. All that innocent and pure love being stripped away in a nasty, dirty, wrong session of animalistic sex." On the screen, the girl knelt in front of her daddy, begging for his cum. And she got it, spraying in ropy globs all over her cute little face. Cassie's hand was diving down between her legs.
"Pretty nasty shit, little Kissy," said Melissa, leaning forward to exit out of the video. "But sometimes the nasty stuff is the best when it comes to getting yourself off, right? It's not like you would do anything like that in real life."
"Of course not," said Cassie, shaking herself.
"But!" Said Melissa, pulling the laptop closer to open the web browser, "Speaking of doing things in real life, Renee set up a little surprise for you. Something to feed your dirty little exhibitionist kink without ruining your life."
Melissa wiggled her way out from behind Cassie and placed the laptop on the end of the bed, out of Cassie's reach, and adjusted it so the screen was visible. Then she rummaged in the drawers of Renee's desk, clattering junk around, looking for something. "So," she said chattily, looking back over her shoulder as she searched, "It's clear from your porn preferences that you get off on the idea of public humiliation. But that's really risky stuff. If you had, I don't know, a bukkake gangbang in the lunchroom, it would probably be the most intensely erotic experience of your whole life." Cassie didn't know what bukkake was, but she understood enough of what Melissa was suggesting that her heart started beating faster. "Buuuuut, after that, your life would be over. Reputation in shreds. Mandated councilling, maybe even legal trouble." Melissa had finally found what she was looking for, and snatched it out of the drawer.
"Renee thought of an outlet for your fetish!" She whirled around, holding something behind her back "Before we begin," She said somberly, "I need to trust me. You are going to be a little... confused at first, but for real, this is a really good idea. Do you trust me?"
Cassie wanted to say no. Something about this whole situation made her not trust Melissa at all. But Renee was her best friend. Maybe her only chance at salvaging this rotten year... at least until she got into college and left this whole awful situation behind. And Melissa was Renee's best friend. If Melissa ended up disliking her... Cassie tentatively nodded.
"Great, give me your hand." Cassie reached her hand out, curious and feeling vulnerable in front of the tall blond cheerleader.
In a swift and practiced series of movements, Melissa grabbed her hand, whipped out a pair of handcuffs from behind her back, and cuffed her to the bedpost before she could resist.
Cassie was shocked into silence for a few seconds, then screamed.
"Oh God, drama queen," said Melissa with a twist of her lip. "Shut up. No one can hear you scream anyway. Mr. Cross has this whole place soundproofed. Otherwise, I'm sure the neighbors would make noise complaints about the moans coming from his bedroom on a nightly basis."
"What are you planning to do Melissa?" blubbered Cassie, panicking, "Please don't hurt me."
"Jesus," said Melissa, exasperated. "This isn't some kind of trick where I get you alone and then murder you. It's exactly what I said before. You're going to love this. You just need a little help the first time."
She pulled more sets of handcuffs out of Renee's desk, setting them on the bed.
"I changed my mind, Melissa, I don't think I want to do this." Said Cassie pleadingly.
"Sorry, Kissy. Trust me, you're going to love this. After I get you started, you are going to cum your little brains out. This will be way better than the phony acting in pornos for a kink like yours. And it is all risk-free."
Cassie tried to fight the other sets of handcuffs, but Melissa was bigger and stronger than her, and Cassie was painfully aware that struggling too much brought her naked body fully into contact with the beautiful, cruel Melissa, who loved every second of forcing her to submit.
Within minutes, she was spread eagle on the bed, limbs cuffed just far apart enough on the frame to keep her from leaving or effectively concealing her pale, naked body.
"All set." said Melissa, wiping sweat from her forehead. Cassie was covered in a thin film of sweat as well from their brief struggle, giving her skin a faint, shiny glow. She gazed with fear at the blond bombshell cheerleader towering above her, then at the computer lying open on the bed beyond her feet.
"Let's get started then, shall we? Have you ever heard of Randocall?" She sat on the edge of the bed, lightly running a finger up and down Cassie's exposed, vulnerable belly, tickling her and making her squirm away from the touch.
"No, Melissa." said Cassie, staring warily at the open laptop.
"Call me Mistress, Kissy... It seems more appropriate to the situation, don't you think?"
She gave Cassie a hard stare, waiting expectantly.
"N-no, mistress," said Cassie in a shamed whisper, "I've never heard of it."
"Well, it's a wonderful service, Kissy. You just turn on your webcam, and with the click of a button, you are connected to a random chat partner somewhere in the world." Melissa was navigating on the web browser and turned the screen so Cassie could see the bright, slickly designed Randocall website. Cassie felt a sick churning in her gut as she realized where Melissa was going with this.
"In theory, it is a magical way to spark a random, brief connection to a person you otherwise never would have met." said Melissa, giving Cassie's thigh a brief tickle. She was unable to keep her hands off the naked captive she had in her power.
"In practice," She continued wryly, "the service is mostly filled with disgusting, horny old men jerking off." Cassie's mouth went dry. The laptop, the handcuffs, the men jerking off. She pulled on her restraints. They were solid. She felt her vagina begin to moisten. "For our purposes though, it's ideal!" Continued the blonde beauty with a sadistic smile on her face, ignoring Cassie's whimpers, "You are going to be the spank material for a lot of strange men today, and your squishy little exhibitionist pussy is going to get all juiced up over it!"
Melissa placed the laptop back at the end of the bed, positioned perfectly. A light blinked on next to the webcam above the screen. A green button below it read: "Ready? Click here to Randocall!" Cassie could see a crisp, high quality image of herself. Nude. Bound. Smooth ivory skin shining with a thin layer of sweat. Shining dark hair tousled and hanging over one eye. Hardening pink nipples standing stiffly up from her huge heaving breasts. A dark, neatly shaven patch of hair pointed the way to the soft, rosy pussy lips between her legs, which were chained wide enough that she couldn't close them completely. A wet dream for any horny man who saw her. And it sounded like that was Melissa's plan. She whimpered, feeling a dark dizzy spiral of lust wind its way through her belly like a snake.
"No please, mistress. I can't, I don't want them to see!" Panted Cassie, twisting uselessly against her bindings.
"C'mon, babe." Said Melissa, a smirk on her face as she cast a sharp eye at Cassie's stiff nipples, panting, parted lips, and rapidly moistening pussy, "We both know that's not true."
Melissa hovered her finger over the button, using a mouse to control the computer while remaining out of view. "Ladies and Gentlemen, Kissy the slut makes her Jerkoff Queen debut in three, two, one..."
Cassie shut her eyes tight, praying that this wasn't happening, that this was some sort of joke.
"Haha, oh damn, I almost forgot. That would have been bad!" Melissa got up from the edge of the bed and walked over to the closet, rummaging around for something. Cassie opened her eyes and saw that the website was still on the welcome screen.
Melissa returned from the closet holding something white in her hands.
"The whole point of this was to keep you anonymous right? I got so caught up in the kinkiness that I almost plastered your face out there on the internet for everyone to see! A lot of guys do screencaps if they find something they like, you know?"
Cassie felt dizzy. Melissa was right. She had come this close to having her nude body and face out on the internet forever. Melissa fit the mask she was carrying over Cassie's face, tying it carefully behind her ears. Cassie didn't even have time to see what the mask looked like.
Melissa resumed her seat.
"Where was I? Oh right. Time for everyone to see the horny little slut you are, Kissy Swallowes!"
Cassie yelped as Melissa clicked the mouse, making a connection with a stranger
...
Daren warred with himself, sitting and fretting by his computer.
Renee had been texting him frequently these past few weeks with encouragement, and lots and lots of links to videos. So many that at first, he had found it difficult to keep up.
He had found a way. Nowadays he usually had enough time after Gina and Cassie left for work to watch a quick video and jerk himself to completion. Sometimes it made him a few minutes late to work, depending on the video, but no one had said anything yet. At work, he had found an individual bathroom where he could sneak away on his lunch hour and squeeze in another video. Once or twice, on a slow afternoon, he would do another session during work hours. And who was he kidding, they were all slow afternoons for him lately. He had essentially been reduced to being Charlie's coffee boy. If he left work a few minutes early, he had a narrow window when he got home to quickly jerk off before Cassie or Gina got back. Then he would, as usual, wake up in the night when Gina was sleeping to jerk off again in the bathroom.
He was proud of himself for taking his training seriously.
But he couldn't help but feel that the results weren't quite what he wanted. This training was supposed to be making him feel more confident. Full of energy. Instead, he found himself stuttering and getting tongue tied when he talked to attractive women. He couldn't stop thinking about the many many videos he had seens of attractive women like them belittling and rejecting weak men like him. He found himself agreeing with them, bending to their preferences even as he made himself look like an awkward creep.
Even worse was when he was talking to confident or muscular men. He would freeze up, his brain playing him images of the man fucking Gina in acrobatic and degrading positions, the man's eyes staring into his, triumphant and mocking. They seemed to sense it too, in some subconscious way. He had become frequently singled out for bullying and cruel jokes from confident men, not just around the office, but with acquaintances and strangers elsewhere as well.
He had taken to arranging his penis in his pants very carefully, so that hopefully no one would see the erection he got from talking to anyone attractive of either gender.
And the worst part was, Gina had definitely noticed tonight. She had called his bluff, explicitly making the connection between his boner and her flirtation with Victor. He couldn't help it. He was sick with worry and fear about the possibility of Victor stealing his wife, but his cock and his deep primal subconscious loved it. Any time he thought of Gina betraying him, of Victor casually and easily corrupting her, his balls churned and tightened, his penis hardened and oozed, and he couldn't think straight any more.
It was almost as if the cuckold porn had made things worse. Messed with his head. Reprogrammed his sexual desires.
He badly wanted to watch some of the new videos Renee had sent him, to take his mind off what Gina might be doing on her date right now. But he knew logically that it wouldn't take his mind off it at all. In fact, it would probably focus his mind on what Gina and Victor were doing all too clearly.
Wasn't this what Renee had warned him about when she was his... God... his "cucky sitter?" The spiral of horniness and shame and sadness? How could he break out of it?
*Ding-Dong*
Daren froze. No way. It couldn't be. They texted regularly now. She would have warned him ahead of time, surely.
*Ding Dong* *Ding Dong*
He walked to the door with reluctance. Maybe it was just a salesman or something. At 9 o'clock at night.
He opened the door.
"Tada! It's meeee, puppy! Did you miss me?"
Renee gave him a winning smile. She had clearly dolled herself up for the occasion, with elaborate, stunning makeup. She had on a long coat which made it hard to tell what sort of clothes she was wearing, as well as leather high-heeled boots, which she used to confidently click her way past Daren into the house. Over her shoulder, Daren noticed with concern, she was carrying a riding crop.
"Awww, poor puppy. Home alone again. Well I'm here for you now. You can always count on your cucky sitter."
"What brings you here tonight," said Daren, in a pathetic attempt to be casual.
"Oh puppy." Said Renee with disappointment, "I think we are past the point of denial."
"Let's face it," She continued with a smirk, "Right now, wifey is probably gagging on my Dad's black cock in a filthy alley somewhere. Lubing it up so that it will fit in her tight little snatch. I'm just here to take your mind off it. Speaking of which..."
Renee strode right over to his computer, then turned back, raising an eyebrow.
"No porn, puppy? I thought you were training like I told you."
"Well, I've been thinking, Renee, and..."
Renee held up a finger warningly. "Mistress. Call me mistress tonight puppy."
"Um, sorry Renee, but I don't think that that would be appropri..."
Suddenly Renee was striding forward, brandishing her riding crop in a low sweep, resting it with uncomfortable pressure right between his legs.
"Ooooh myyyy, look who thinks he has grown some balls." Renee cooed, her smile tight, "My training looks like it is paying off."
Daren tried to scramble back, but Renee matched him step for step, until he bumped awkwardly into the wall, knocking a framed wedding photo down with a crash.
"But I've seen your balls, puppy." She said with low menace, leaning forward and increasing the painful pressure on his testicles "and I don't think they're big enough for you to say no to me. Do you?
"Wh-what?" Squeaked Daren, staring down with dismay at Rene's captivating, dominant glare, beautiful deep brown eyes glittering from behind her flawless eye makeup.
Rene put her hand on the wall next to his head, leaning forward further, invading his personal space, filling his senses with her girlish floral perfume.
"Do you think..." She crooned, punctuating the phrase with a light swat between his legs that sent a sick jolt of pain through his belly.
"That your balls..." *swat*
"Are big enough..." *swat*
"To say no..." The swats were growing in intensity, causing him to whimper in pain.
"To your mistress?" This time, she wound up for the largest swat of all, and Daren flinched, bracing himself. For some reason he didn't even consider closing his legs or dodging.
He opened his eyes to see Renee staring at him expectantly.
"N-no." He whispered miserably.
"No what?"
"No, M-m-mistress."
"That's better, Puppy!" Said Renee cheerfully, turning away and swinging the crop over her shoulder. "Well, let's get this evening started." She placed the riding crop on the coffee table in order to remove her long coat, revealing her clothes underneath.
She was wearing a short, shiny leather skirt, with garters holding up fishnet stockings beneath. Her top was a tiny leather corset which showed a generous expanse of her smooth brown cleavage. The daringly tall leather boots fit right in with the outfit. She looked sexy, dominant, and dangerous.
"What do you think, Cuck?" said Renee with a flirty wink, " I thought that since the stakes and intensity would be higher tonight, I would put in a little more effort. If I'm going to be domming my sweet little puppy tonight, I should look the part, you know? Really get his motor running."
"Mistress, I... you look..." Daren's mouth was dry, and he was struggling to find words that wouldn't reveal how desperately horny the sight of Renee in this fetish gear had made him.
"Don't worry puppy," giggled Renee, pointing at his rapidly growing boner, "I can already tell how much you like my outfit. Tiny down there wants to give me lots of compliments." Daren's face grew red, but his cock grew even more swollen with shame. "Gross, puppy. I'm like your daughter's age! "
"Now, to business." Said Renee, tapping her palm with the riding crop. "Things are going to work a little differently this time, Cucky. I think you will cooperate with me enough that I can leave the handcuffs out. We won't be watching any live footage either. My Dad and your wife deserve a little privacy for what they are doing tonight, puppy, let's not spoil their romance by jerking off to it."
"Instead, we are going to play a little game." Said Renee, her smile widening. "'Mistress Says.' Similar to Simon Says, puppy, but much more kinky, I promise. When was the last time you came during a game of Simon Says?" She laughed. "Don't answer that. With someone as pathetically submissive as you, nothing would surprise me."
"The rules are simple. When I say 'Mistress Says', you have to do it. No matter how wrong, or gross, or mentally scarring it is to you. It's going to be good for you, puppy. It will really reinforce a lot of the lessons you've been learning. Put your head in a really productive new space, y'know?. Well cucky? Does that sound like fun?"
"I-I'm not s-s-sure." Daren knew that there was a trap here somewhere. But he also knew what would happen if he refused. Renee would yell at him. She would leave angry. She might even tell Gina about their strange relationship. It wasn't like he had ever had sex with Renee or anything, but some of what had happened would certainly be difficult to explain. From the outside, it would be difficult for anyone to believe that between the adult man and the eighteen year old girl, he was the victim. Also, if he said no, he was positive the coat would go back on, and he would probably never see Renee like this again.
"You have to be sure, puppy." Said Rene, placing a hand on a leather covered hip. "I'm not going to risk you whining later that I forced you to play."
Daren learned then that he was an even weaker man than he had thought. He simply didn't have it in him to look into Renee's arrogant eyes and say 'No'."
"Ok, mistress. I want to play."
"Yaaaay!" Said Rene, doing little happy hops and clapping her hands. The movement caused her skirt to flip up and make her large chocolatey breasts bounce in a fascinating way in her tight leather corset. "It's going to be a life changing game, puppy. You won't believe how hard you'll cum with the shit that I've thought up."
"Ok, first." She gathered herself, taking on a more dominant voice and stance. "Mistress says strip. I want you completely naked!"
Daren instantly regretted the game. It was clear from the very start that this was going to get very kinky, very fast. But, he knew this was going to happen at some point: he would be naked, with a clothed Renee lording it over him. He unbuttoned his shirt, and slowly removed all of his clothes, ending up awkwardly hunched over his throbbing erection.
Renee circled him like a wolf, surveying every unimpressive inch of his nude body like it was her property. She reached out and trailed one long fingernail across his back, raising goosebumps. "Doesn't it make you ashamed, Mr. H? To be stripped naked by your daughter's bratty little friend in your own home? Aren't you supposed to be the king in this castle? Look at you! You're being dominated by a teenage girl!" She stepped close enough behind him that he could feel the heat radiating from her hot young body. She whispered hoarsely in his ear: "Doesn't it just make your little cock ache?"
She stepped away, circling back to the front, luxuriating in the power difference. This older man was completely bent to her will, and had willingly put himself in an awkward, humiliating situation at her command.
"Now, Mistress says get comfortable: Sit on the couch and relax."
Daren tried his best, but a gorgeous teen commanding your every move while you're naked and erect made it difficult to breathe, let alone relax.
"Ah ah ah, but what is this, little cuck?" Said Renee disapprovingly, "Have you already failed?"
Daren looked up at his smirking tormentor. He had done both commands so far! Had he missed something?
"I said I wanted you totally naked." Renee used her riding crop to lift his left hand to his eye level, his wedding band caught the light with a glint, "And my bad little puppy is still wearing something."
She couldn't be saying....
Renee held out a perfectly manicured little hand palm up, demanding his ring. She wanted him to symbolically place his and Gina's marriage, which he valued so deeply, in her cruel little hand.
"Mistress Says, puppy. Take off your ring. The one that symbolizes the bond between you and your loving wife. Give it to a teen who doesn't respect either of you, let alone your joke of a marriage. Do it to make me happy."
Gina was the love of his life. This sort of betrayal, even if it was just symbolic, even if she would never know, would be crossing a critical line in his heart. He could feel his heartbeat pulsing in his cock. With a shaking hand, he removed the ring, leaving a depression of flesh where it always sat. He almost never took it off.
Gina was the one who was openly flirting with his hated boss. Maybe more than flirting. Didn't Daren deserve some sexual thrills as well? That was what his mistress was promising tonight. His ring and his betrayal were the cost of entry.
He dropped his wedding ring with numb fingers into his dom's cute little hand.
"I knew you would do it, Puppy." Said Renee, flashing the cocky grin that she inherited from her father, "I knew you would choose me over the love of your life. Even though I can see it breaking your heart," Renee's cute little face was a mocking parody of sympathy. "You know why, Puppy? Because right now, I'm more important to you than Gina is. Tiny is calling the shots right now," she sneered, lazily flicking at his erect cock with her crop, " and he likes me better."
Renee giggled as she closed her feminine little hand around the ring tightly, possessively. Then she pulled a small padlock from her bag on the table, and carefully locked the ring onto a heart shaped locket hanging between her breasts.
"A little extra motivation for you to play fair, puppy. This game is going to get harrrrd for you. I wouldn't want you to decide to quit halfway through. You can get your ring back if you pass the challenge, and Gina will never have to know how badly you disrespected your marriage tonight."
Daren shuddered. He felt like it was going to be a long night.
...
Gina's mind reeled with shock.
She numbly watched as Lucia, that little bitch, wound a long, shapely, honey colored arm around Victor's waist. She nuzzled into his shoulder and gave Gina a sidelong glance, a satisfied little smile on her lips.
"Is there a problem, babe?" Said Victor, a false look of surprise on his face. He put his arm around Lucia, drawing his girlfriend close.
"You... you pig..." Gina spluttered. Her heart and mind twisted from a sudden flood of emotions. Jealousy, betrayal, and anger swelled up first, making her see red. How could he betray her like that, stringing her along while he was seeing another woman on the side? Had been sexting her while fucking this Latin whore?
Then came confusion and guilt. Who was she to complain? This whole thing was supposed to be a ruse on her part. She and Victor weren't actually dating. She was just manipulating him, right? Her husband was the only man she cared about.
Lastly came humiliation and self-loathing. Victor had planned this from the beginning. He had expertly trapped her into a false sense of security, just to set up this bait and switch. Victor had played her like a fiddle once again. Was there anything she could do to succeed against this man? She had to try. Come on Gina, focus, she told herself. She could still come out ahead in this situation if she kept her cool. It wasn't possible for Victor to cheat if their relationship wasn't real in the first place. There was no logical reason to be upset. She tried to repeat that to herself, to make it sink in. But it still made her feel betrayed and deeply, burningly jealous that Victor had been dating someone else at the same time as her. It didn't help to see the slim, pretty woman that Victor was apparently dating hanging all over him.
"So, how long have you been dating two women, you big stud?" Asked Gina, attempting a tone of casual flirtation. She sat stiffly across from Lucia and Victor, who were tightly entwined on the other side of the booth.
"Oh, since the beginning, dearest." said Victor lightly, cupping one of Lucia's firm breasts in his hand while speaking. Lucia purred and pushed her chest out to give him easier access. "In fact, I think I started dating Lucia shortly before you. I was discussing my plans for our first date, and she was helping me as my assistant. She added a lot of input on her own preferences in dating, and, well, I thought they sounded like fun." He turned his head to Lucia and gave her a deep lingering kiss. Gina's mind felt like it was clouding over with sharp, spiky jealousy.
"So," she said between clenched teeth, "Lucia knew about this arrangement from the beginning, but you didn't tell me."
"Don't be mad, sweetie." Said Lucia condescendingly, "He wouldn't have told me either I'm sure, if we hadn't gotten together through planning your date." She smirked and scoffed incredulously at Gina's expression. "Are you seriously upset? Victor is a virile, complex, powerful man. He is more than enough man to handle two women at once." She placed a loving hand on his firm chest, "He could have any woman he wanted. You should be grateful that he paid attention to you at all!"
Gina knew that getting upset was playing right into Victor's hands, but she wanted to wipe the smug look off of this bitch's perfect face.
"Victor might be a horny enough perv to need a side chick to empty his balls," She shot crudely at Lucia, "But that doesn't mean that all girlfriends are created equal."
Lucia's eyes narrowed and she stiffened. Gina had abandoned caution and thrown down the gauntlet. Her relationship with Victor might be a fake, fucked up power struggle, but she would be damned if she shared any man with another woman.
Victor looked extremely pleased, staring at Gina with a smoldering look of satisfaction on his face, hand still cupping and rubbing Lucia's breast.
"Well, it looks like my two ladies are one step ahead of me." Said Victor smoothly. "It's been a fun few months with both of you, but all good things come to an end."
Lucia looked at him sharply. Gina noted that what he was saying now was news to her as well. How does it feel to be on the other end, bitch?
Victor continued, relaxed and confident, "I am interested in taking a relationship to the next level. But that is going to require my full undivided attention on one lady. I invited you both here for... let's call it an interview. A competition, if you like." Lucia was staring at Victor hungrily, raptly attentive.
"The rules are simple. I want you both to show me how devoted you can be to your boyfriend. One woman walks out tonight my girlfriend, and we explore what the next step looks like together." Victor's smile grew shark-like, "And the other woman walks out of here a loser, tail between her legs, to go cry and masturbate alone, fantasizing about what could have been."
Gina frowned. Victor knew she was competitive. This was a trap. She wasn't an idiot. Maybe it would be better if she just...
"Of course, I recognize that you might not even want to win, baby." He said, releasing Lucia from his grasp and leaning forward towards Gina. "After all, the only reason we are dating in the first place is another bet you lost. Maybe you are just more comfortable losing. I mean, your loser husband is no doubt waiting for you at home right now, tiny dick stiff and eager. You could go home right now and be losers together! If you go right now you could be back in time to submit to your wifely duties. Let him stick his tiny dick into you. Have a short, sticky little love-making session. Take his little teaspoon of cum in your loser pussy. Make a little loser baby. Does that sound better to you?"
The jibes were crude, their intent obvious. But despite her resistance, they resonated. Could she turn her back on a challenge, go home to Daren? The way Victor framed it made it sound like having sex with Daren was somehow submitting to him, and while she loved her husband, the idea of putting herself beneath him in any way repulsed her for reasons she didn't want to examine. But this was silly. She didn't have to accept his framing. Sex was not the same as submission, and making love to Daren wasn't degrading. The only way to win was not to play his game.
"Maybe your right, Victor." She said, controlling herself. "I'm a married woman and my husband is waiting for me at home. Neither of us was completely comfortable with this dating arrangement, so if you are willingly releasing me, I should probably just take you up on that."
Lucia and Victor's looks of triumph were hard to stomach, but Gina was stronger than they were assuming. She gathered her purse, and began reaching inside to return the choker, when Victor placed a hand on hers.
"One last thing before you go, dear." He said, voice as smooth as butter, "I don't want you to regret this the next time you get horny and make a fuss claiming that you never officially conceded. Lucia," He said, turning to the smirking latina, "get out your phone. Film Gina for a minute here"
He turned back to Gina, that same old smile on his face, "I want you to say the following to Lucia. After that, I will let you go from our arrangement."
"I lose, and you win," je began.
Gina remained silent.
"Between us, you are the superior female, and so you deserve the superior male."
Gina's hand gripped tightly on the purse.
"As an inferior female, an inferior male like my husband is what I deserve. I will be content to work to please him and service him sexually for the rest of my life, while you enjoy sex and power with Victor."
Gina tried to breathe deeply, to remain calm. These terms, this 'superior' and 'inferior' shit, it was meaningless. Victor was preying on her competitiveness. It was just meant to get under her skin.
"I am sorry for daring to challenge you, ma'am. Please forgive this humble loser."
Gina dropped the purse.
"Fuck you Lucia." She said into the camera, "And fuck you too Victor. You want to challenge me? It's on. I can beat this slut with my eyes closed."
Lucia, seeing her easy victory slip away, had a sour look on her face. Gina felt satisfied just looking at it. This would be easy. Had Victor forgotten what a good actress she was? She could act super devoted and flirty, blow Lucia out of the water, then resume their relationship on the previous terms once the skank was dumped. This would be a piece of cake.
And, she hastily added to herself, she would be in a position to keep Daren's job safe. That was what this was all for in the end. Of course.
"Well, well, well," said Victor, not looking disappointed or surprised at all, "The kitty finally shows her claws. I knew you wouldn't go down without a fight. Well, I have to warn you, babe. Lucia is already ahead of you. After all, she wore the dress I sent her. What else would a devoted girlfriend do?" He ran his hand up lucia's long smooth thigh to slip beneath the short dress, earning him a giggle and nuzzle from his appreciative girlfriend.
Shit. He was right. If Gina was going to win this, tonight was not the night to take a stand on the issue if Victor's inappropriate gifts.
"One minute babe," she said, crossing the table with a hip-swaying walk to give Victor a deep kiss, "Let me go powder my nose."
She grabbed her garment bag, bending at the waist to give Victor a good view of her ass, then swayed her way towards the bathroom, dropping the sexy walk and hustling when she was out of eye range.
A few minutes later she surveyed herself in the mirror with horror. She swore that Victor had gotten her a completely unfair size when compared to Lucia's dress. While the dress was tight and revealing on the Latina, on her the dress was practically pornographic. The silvery material squashed her breasts tightly, and it was all she could do to pull it up far enough to cover her areolas. On the other end, the stretchy material could barely be persuaded to cover her panties, and bending down to give Victor some eye candy would be a lot riskier in the future. It would be utterly humiliating to wear this dress because a man told her too... She looked like a whore trying to attract a customer. A description that wasn't completely inaccurate, her subconscious whispered. She crammed that thought down, tried her hardest not to get hot and bothered by the thought of Victor seeing her like this. Of Lucia seeing her like this. Of everyone seeing her like this. Shit, she was feeling a little turned on. The last thing she needed in this dress was hard nipples.
She looked at herself in the mirror one last time. Oh God. She was a married woman. What was she doing? Whoring her self out to her husband's awful boss? Dressing like a slut for his amusement? Yes. But it was for good reasons, she told herself. She was about to turn to leave when another thought occurred to her... She felt the sick twist in her belly that the idea prompted. She slowly opened her purse. She needed a way to get a leg up on Lucia. Just wearing the dress wouldn't do it. Lucia was already wearing it, had done so first, in fact. She needed to be proactive in proving her loyalty and devotion to Victor. She pulled the demeaning choker out of her purse, her heart thumping. It was one thing to wear it sometimes while masturbating to the sick, twisted degradation of it. It was another thing entirely to wear it where everyone could see. With shaking hands and a reddening face, she slowly raised the choker and clicked it around her neck.
VICTOR'S.
It matched the dress, and perfectly emphasized her humiliating submission.
She just hoped it would be enough to give her the edge she needed
...
The screen showed a brief swirling loading symbol, and Cassie's vision seemed to darken. She felt like she was about to pass out. There was nowhere to run. No way to hide. Whoever popped up on that screen was going to see every last detail of her curvy young body.
And then the moment was there. Cassie let out a strangled whimper as a face appeared on the screen. It was a kind looking college age woman wearing glasses. The woman stared at the screen, seemed to be confused by what she was seeing. Cassie considered calling for help. The woman wouldn't be able to stop what was happening in any meaningful way, but at least she would know Cassie wasn't just some pervert...
The woman's face twisted in disgust, and the screen returned to the loading screen, icon swirling. It hit Cassie like a punch to the gut. That look of contempt. The woman had looked at her bound, nude body and sized her up immediately: a slut looking for attention. Cassie felt her nipples begin to stiffen.
The next one was worse. A group of three 20-something guys, empty beer bottles visible on the table in front of them. They too paused for a moment, shocked by the sudden appearance on their screen of the pornographic setup. A lamb masked girl, developing a whole-body blush, writhing bound and naked on a bed in front of them. It didn't take them long to break out of their shocked silence.
"Duuuuude!!"
They howled and laughed and pointed. Cassie could see the computer's owner furiously inputting keys, no doubt taking screengrab after screengrab.
"Look at those nips, man!" chuckled one of them, "She is totally getting off on this! Why don't you take off the mask, sugar, let us see a pretty face to go with those pretty tits." Cassie twisted ineffectually, trying desperately to hide herself. This horrible situation was mortifying, her whole body shamelessly displayed in front of these crude men. She could feel her pussy getting wetter, despite her shame and fear.
"What are you doing there all alone with that wet little pussy, honey?" Said another of them, trying to control his laughter, "Why don't you tell us your address? We can come over and help you scratch your itch!"
Another guy punched him in the shoulder, "She could be thousands of miles away dude!"
"I don't give a shit, Mike, for a hot little slut like that, I would hop in the car right now and make it happen."
"Is your boyfriend there with you, princess? Maybe you two could fool around a little for us. Here..." he scribbled a phone number on a piece of paper and held it up to the camera. Despite the fact that it appeared backwards, Cassie saw with horror from the corner of her eye that Melissa was writing it down. "Why don't you give me a call sometime. You can give me a more private show!"
The boys were still clearly have fun, but Cassie saw to her relief that Melissa had reached over and clicked the "Next chat" button.
"I think we got everything we could from those guys," said Melissa apologetically, "I reeeeallly want to get you in front of a guy jerking his cock, and I don't think those guys would have done it with the others in the room. But look!" She said, holding up a notebook with a phone number written on it, "you made a new friend. And you clearly had a lot of fun." She giggled, taking in Cassie unmistakably aroused body, tits flushed and heaving with her deep breathing, hard nipples sticking straight up, betraying her lust. She was wet enough that her inner thighs were becoming slightly shiny, and the thin layer of sweat from before was intensifying, staring to drip into little wet spots of the bedspread.
The symbol swirled for just a moment, and then the next video call appeared on screen. And Melissa got what she wanted. It was a middle aged man, somewhat overweight, rapidly jerking a large clublike dick while staring blankly at the screen.
Cassie felt the weight of his stare as he grunted in pleased surprise, leaning forward and increasing the intensity of his strokes. Cassie had seen penises before. Fairly often recently in fact, watching the videos Rene had sent her. But this was the first time she had ever seen a dick be hard for her. To see a man's animal lust pointed in her direction, see his selfish sexual pleasure over her tits and pussy.
To be this man's focus of lust, to be the objectified jerkoff material for this strange, repulsive mas was humiliating. It was scary. It was so fucking hot. She writhed in her chains again, this time not in any attempt to escape the filthy gaze of the voyeur, but in pure animal lust.
The man was muttering, to her, but mostly for his own benefit.
"Oh yeah, you like this, you slut? You like daddy's cock? You want to suck it don't you? You want to choke on it, taste my cum. Get ready, slut. Get ready to taste daddy's cum."
And then he was cumming. A pathetic sight, as the man spasmed and grunted, his cock twitching as his white slime dripped down his clutching hand, but Cassie let out a stifled moan. It was the first time she had seen a man cum for her body. She couldn't help but think that scenes like this were playing out in bedrooms of her senior classmates every night. They didn't have a live feed, but countless boys (and maybe some girls?) were masturbating to the many pictures of her in that slutty outfit on a daily basis. The thought had saddened her before, and it was still humiliating, but it was more sexually charged than ever. The very idea was turning her on more and more.
The man himself cut the chat, presumably with guilt setting in after his session. More people followed. Many people.
Some clicked away quickly in disgust. Some laughed and taunted, calling her a slut, a little pervert. Many masturbated. Some were masturbating when they came on the screen, but many guys who had been clothed when the chat started unzipped and went to town when they realized the situation. Cassie was an irresistible piece of meat. An obvious target of lust. Premium slutty spank material. She found herself getting hornier and hornier; spiraling to heights she hadn't known possible, the bedspread below her growing wet with sweat and sexual fluids. She had started trying to bunch up the sheets beneath herself, give herself something she could rub up against, some way to get stimulation to her needy pussy. Melissa saw what she was doing, and smoothed the sheets below her.
Melissa hit the pause button. She was writing something in the notebook.
"Kissy dear," she said sweetly, "how would you like it if I undid one of your handcuffs?"
Kissy nodded desperately. "Yes Mistress, please mistress!" She had lost all shame several masturbating cocks ago. Her pussy was soaking wet and on fire. All she wanted right now was relief, to reach the orgasm that she desperately needed.
"Your wish is my command, Kissy," said Melissa, producing a small silver key from her pocket, "As long as you do what I say. I just need one little thing from you, no big deal. I just want you to follow a little script. Read it out loud, and I leave your hot little hand free to do it's nasty business. Refuse, and it is back into cuffs for your kinky little paw. While you read, you rub, got it? And if you stop one, I stop the other." Melissa gazed down at Cassie, eyes hard, and got a meek nod in return.
"Ok great, we'll start when we get the first jerker, stand by." She seemed to be taking longer than usual getting the website to work; she was typing something, but when she moved away from the computer, it was the same old website, loading icon already swirling.
The camera clicked on to see a skinny young man sitting on a chair, completely naked except for a completely ridiculous looking goat mask, a small but desperately hard cock being rubbed already in one hand. Another pervert, thought Cassie, her mind racing, wearing a mask to hide their shame like me.
"Ooooh, that's good luck! We got a jerker first try!" Melissa said in a stage whisper. She crossed around behind the camera, using a silver key to unlock Cassie's right arm with a loud click.
Egged on by the goat masked man's leering glare, Cassie began to go to work on herself immediately, rubbing hard at her clit just like Renee taught her, shocking herself with her sensitivity and wetness.
Cassie heard Melissa clear her throat, tapping a pen on the page of a notebook she had open, containing Cassie's first line...
Cassie feverishly masturbated. She didn't want to read any script that started this way, but she had to cum. Maybe if she was quick enough, she could...
Melissa shook her head disappointedly, taking out her handcuffs again, and getting up from the chair next to the bed.
"My name..." Squeaked Cassie, reluctantly beginning the script, trying hard to keep moans out of her voice, "Is ...... K-Kissy Swallowes, and I am 18 years old."
The Goat masked stranger leaned forward, tight fast strokes getting even more intense as he heard her feminine, trembling vice. Her whimpering little words couldn't help but remind Cassie of her weakness and submissiveness in this moment.
Melissa beamed, flipping the page in order to supply Kissy with her next set of lines.
"As you can see.....Oh god... As you can see," panted Cassie, working her fingers harder and deeper, "I am a shameless little slut, who gets off on letting strange men see her c-c-" She felt a sudden delicious wave of humiliating arousal at degrading herself in front of this stranger, whose eyes were crawling all over her body, "Her C-cunt!" She squeezed her eyes shut, legs shaking, body rigid against her restraints, face bright red. Her mother had taught her that the c-word was something good little girls never ever said. Somehow, that made saying it even more arousing.
She couldn't stop, it felt too good. She would have to keep reading, no matter what Melissa wrote.
"I'm a brainless little bimbo," She continued in a moan, "I pretend to be smart, but when I see a cock, all the blood rushes to my tight little pussy and big, slutty nipples, and I can't think so good anymore." Cassie was so glad she didn't know the goat-masked boy on the screen. Whoever it was would never be able to take her seriously again. Melissa's sadistic smile floated above the notebook she was holding. She had written this. Had Melissa ever taken her seriously?
"I-I'm totally worthless apart from my fuckable p-pornstar body," whimpered Cassie, "That's why... Goddddd, that's why my only choice in life is to become a free use slut and serve as many cocks and pussies as I can.
She was getting close, this self-degradation was getting to her.
"I'm the sluttiest virgin in the world, and I cant wait to finally get fucked. I dream about it every night." Even ramping up to her long-awaited orgasm, the next written line confused Cassie. She paused, but Melissa tapped the paper insistently, and the last thing Cassie wanted at this point was to be locked up again. She hesitantly said: "Please Peter, give me your cum, show me what you think of your slutty little girlfriend letting strangers jerk off to her body. C-cover my body with your jizz!"
It was weird to pretend she was talking to Peter... but the naughty fantasy of Peter seeing her like this pushed Cassie over the edge, making her buck and shake, pulling her bindings tight.
The goat masked man came as well, groaning and puffing, splattering so much thick cum that a fleck even obscured the webcam. Cassie could hear him quietly cursing as he tried to wipe away the mess from his computer, eventually ending the call.
Cassie fell back, peaceful and glowing as Melissa shut down the program and unlocked Cassie's limbs from the bed, gently helping to massage her wrists and ankles, which were red and chafed.
Cassie knew that she should be at very least angry with Melissa, and possibly afraid of her. But after the largest orgasm of her life, she was feeling warm and fuzzy towards everything and everyone. Melissa helped Cassie off the soaking wet sheets, carefully pulled the mask off her face, and held her in a gentle hug. "You are a juicy little girlie, Kissy Swallowes," said Melissa, wrinkling her nose at the filthy bedspread, "But you did a great job owning your sexuality tonight! So empowering!"
"Melissa," said Kissy, snuggling up against her bullies chest, squashing her big, naked breasts against Melissa's soft pajama top, "Maybe you can send me the link to the website after all. I think you and Renee are right, it would be... fun."
"Oooooh, somebody really got hot tonight huh?" Said Melissa with a wicked grin, "Well, you got it Kissy, just make sure you don't wear out your little puss!" she said, reaching a hand to jokingly cup Cassie's satisfied pussy, sending another thrill of lust through Cassie's belly.
"And.... um..... Melissa?" said Kissy meekly, trying to bury her red face into Melissa's breasts to hide it, "Maybe you could write me some more.... scripts, for when I use the site. If- if it's no trouble."
"No trouble at all, Kissy," Whispered Melissa, reaching her hand around to grip Cassie's bare asscheek aggressively, "but believe it or not, Renee is even better at writing scripts than me, so we will write them together to help you out."
Melissa stripped the dirty sheets off the bed and returned with a clean blanket from the closet, spreading it on the bed and getting Cassie to lay down. Cassie soon drifted off, carried on a wave of sexual exhaustion and catharsis. She was blissfully unaware that feet away, Melissa was reviewing the pictures and photos captured tonight, and contacting Rene and Peter so that they could analyze Kissy's progress and discuss what should come next.