Part 1: Meeting
It all started when I went to college. My name is John, I am about 5 foot 9, around 140 pounds. I have always been a smaller guy, you could say I was a "late bloomer". In high school I was always too concentrated on school and work to really do much with the opposite sex. Now here I was going off to college, and I was going to make up for my past mistakes, when I started a new life. It wouldn't take as long as I thought.
I had just moved into my apartment right off campus, I had a very rigorous schedule of coursework ahead of me. I had picked up my books and started my first week of classes. Friday night afforded me my first real opportunity to explore the city and campus. I was tired from the return to a regular schedule, after a summer of sleeping till 3 p.m. and staying up till 5 a.m.. I went to a restaurant bar that was near my apartment. Having had little time to meet new people, I only really had two friends on campus, guys from my high school, but they were both busy this weekend in the school band. So I decided to go out alone to see the town and maybe meet some people.
I entered the dark and noisy restaurant, obviously a place that would be full on Sundays, I found a table in the corner and I sat down facing the bank of TVs above the bar. I was sitting there a moment before a waitress came over to the table. She was about 5 foot 7 inches tall, very skinny shoulder length brown hair, and a beautiful face. My first thought was that she couldn't be a day older than sixteen, but this was a bar and she was a waitress that meant she was at least eighteen. She handed me a menu. "Hi, my name is Holly and I will be your server tonight, can I get you a drink?" I ordered a drink, not alcohol, I am only 18. She acted very stressed out, putting on the fake smile, to get some tips and salvage what was a bad day at work. She returned with my drink and I ordered a burger. A few minutes later I heard a crash in the kitchen. Then holly walked over to my table, she looked like a child that had just been yelled at. "I'm sorry I just dropped your order, they're working on a new one as fast as they can." As she finished saying that the manager came out of the kitchen and yelled "Holly get over here!" She stood next to me, I could sense her fear. "He's going to fire me," she muttered. She looked like she was about to cry.
"Hey, don't worry, here sit down," I got up and pulled the other chair out for her to sit. She looked at me and smiled, then she sat down across from me. I smiled back at her.
"I hate this job, im no good at it"
"Then quit before they can fire you, it's just a job, there's plenty of other jobs. I think you'll be able to get by in life without working in a crappy sports bar"
"Thanks"
"Have you eaten?" I asked her.
"No, I was gonna take my lunch break at 8, but I don't think ill have a job by 8"
"Well you look like you could use a meal, it's on me."
"I don't think they will serve me"
"Why not you don't work here anymore...So what do you do?"
"I work here, I think"
"No I mean do you go to school"
"I just started at the University"
"Hey, me too, what's your major"
"I don't know yet, you?"
"Engineering, I think"
"So what's your name stranger?"
"Oh, I'm John"
"I'm Holly"
"Yeah I know, its, right there," I pointed to her name tag on her shirt that showed some cleavage.
"Let's get out of here, before they yell at me again."
"Where do you want to go?"
"Someplace far away from here"
"How about my place, it's the only place in town that I know."
We got in our cars and she followed me back to my place. My place consisted of a small one bedroom apartment, which had a small living room with a couch reclining chair and then a small kitchen and a bedroom that seemed like an afterthought in the structure. We parked our cars in the street in front of the building and then went into my apartment on the first floor.
"Here it is" I said, as we entered my apartment. Holly sat down on my couch. We ended up lying on my couch watching TV, when I noticed something I probably should have noticed earlier. I smelled alcohol on her breath. "Have you been drinking?"
"I was sneaking vodka into my cokes at work, I think that's why they were mad...I'm tired, but I don't want to drive anywhere," She said. That statement was quite suggestive.
"I'll drive you home if you want me to," I offered.
"No, my car is here," She replied.
"Ok. I will drive you back to your dorm, drive you and your car there, and then I will walk all the way back," I offered.
"Are you trying to get rid of me?" She asked, her voice seemed like she was messing with me.
"I guess we could watch some more TV," I said, changing the subject.
"There are some other things we could do," She said. It was obvious this girl would have sex with me if I really tried. She was drunk, lonely, and asking to be taken advantage of. She fell asleep with me on my couch. I wouldn't do that, I wouldn't take advantage of her, as you might like. I lifted her off of me and left her on the couch, draping a blanket over her, before I went off to bed.
I woke up at about 3 in the morning, forgetting that Holly, a stranger, was in my apartment, then I rolled over in my bed, to try to fall back asleep. I rolled into a body, and then I heard a scream. "Who are ..are you," she stammered.
"This is my house, who" then I remembered. "Holly." "Who are you?"
"I'm John" She stared back at me. You came back here from the bar. You fell asleep on my couch
"Did we ... you know?"
"No"
"No you don't know, or no we didn't"
"No we didn't...I think."
"You mean you brought a drunk girl to your house and then didn't sleep with her"
"Apparently"
"Why did you bring me here?"
"You wanted to come here, I didn't realize you were drunk till we got here."
"I remember now. You told me to quit and then I was afraid my boss was gonna yell at me"
"That's me"
"Thanks for the rescue stranger," Her senses seemed to have returned.
"I think I will stay if you don't mind," she said.
"No I don't mind," I said, unsure.
She then hugged me in tight, snuggling, then I realized that she was naked under the covers of my bed. We slept the rest of the night in each others arms, enjoying the warmth of the other's body. This was definitely a first for me.
I woke up and realized that it had to be at least noon. Her arm was draped around my shoulder, I was facing away from her and she was up against my back. I could feel her breasts and nipples resting against my back. She was still sleeping. I got up and went to the bathroom. When I came back she wasn't in bed. So I walked into my living room and saw her. She was standing in the middle of the room, completely naked. I could see her for the first time. Her hair was messed up, and her breasts were perfect, they weren't very big but they were pert, and were nicely round, probably small C cup. Her legs were beautiful and long, she was unshaven. After a few seconds I realized that I was staring. "hhmmm," she cleared her throat.
"Sorry," I said and I looked her straight in the eyes. "John, I had a very good night thanks to you, it could have been much worse." She picked up a pen and walked towards me, still in just boxers. She grabbed my hand and wrote her number on my palm. "Do you want my number?" I asked her.
"Yea," she said. So I found some paper and wrote it down for her and handed it to her.
"Where am I supposed to put this, my pocket?" she asked breaking the ice enough for us to laugh.
She found her clothes and dressed herself. Then she went to leave, "Here, a souvenir," She handed me her panties. I took them with my hand but still stared here right in the eyes, as she opened the door.
She started to walk out, "Holly", she turned back towards me, I dropped her panties and I grabbed her hands and pulled her towards me and I kissed her on the mouth, she blushed, though she hadn't blushed when she had been naked. She smiled, not one of those fake smiles, but one of those I can't help it smiles. Then she walked out and closed the door behind her. There was something about this girl, she was so confident, yet innocent, and beautiful. I couldn't stop thinking about her.
The Adventures of John and Holly
Part 2: My Girl
I wasn't expecting her to call me. I thought I should call in a few days. You know that rule, if you call to quickly you're desperate but wait too long and you don't care. So I was going to call like three or four days later, but I didn't get the chance. The very next day she called me.
"John?"
"Yes?"
"It's Holly."
"I don't know any Holly."
"How about the naked girl from your bed."
"You have to narrow it down some more, there are lots of those."
"Ok. I am the REAL girl from your bed."
"Oh! Of course. Holly"
"Well, thanks stranger, for the rescue and all. And not taking advantage of me."
"What makes you think I didn't take advantage of you?" I joked with her.
"I don't know, this funny feeling I guess. Listen, I want to thank you."
"Don't worry about it, I was just in the right place at the right time, any decent person would have done the same thing."
"John."
"Yeah?"
"I think I like you"
"I like me too," she laughed at that. She thinks I am funny!
"I think we should date...or something."
"I...I would really like that," I tried to think of something witty, yeah like what I was saying before was wit, but the seriousness overwhelmed any sense of humour.
"How about tomorrow?"
"What about tomorrow?"
"Like a date," She clarified.
"Ok."
"Well. What should we do?"
"How about we just watch a movie here?" I offered, not really knowing of any other options.
"Promise not to take advantage of me?" She asked joking.
"Not unless you want me to," I joked back. And she did laugh. I rule.
"I think we should start over," She said seriously.
"What do you mean?"
"Like, now the origin of US, that is if we do become like a couple, our origin is me getting drunk and naked." She said, sounding somewhat ashamed.
"No. I think our origin is me coming to the rescue. And besides what's wrong with getting naked. I do it all the time..." No laugh on that one, but maybe the seriousness overwhelmed her humour. I can only hope.
"You're right. That's one hell of a way to start. See you tomorrow then?"
"Ok," So we settled on watching a movie at my place on Sunday afternoon, the next day.
Sunday afternoon, I went to pick her up at her dorm. I parked in the street, five minutes early, and waited for her to come out. She strode out of her dorm, walking straight towards my car. She was wearing a short skirt, and a blouse that barely seemed to cover her, apparently from their bounce, braless breasts. She was stunning. We drove a short way back to my apartment. I was on edge the entire time. Back in my apartment again, we settled onto my couch and watched a movie. By the end of the movie we were cuddled together under a blanket. Now, up to this point I had imagined that Holly was much more experienced sexually than I was, she had no problems with nudity. But what she said next caught me off guard.
"Have you ever had sex?" she asked me, she was kind of down sounding, like sex was a dreaded thing or something.
"...no, have you?"
"No"
"Really?...I would have thought you had."
"Did you just say I'm slutty?" she said jokingly.
"No. I just thought that you had"
"Nope"
"Have you ever done anything with a guy, or girl for that matter?"
"No," she said unsure.
"Nothing?"
"No, why have you?"
"Well, no..." I was getting comfortable talking to her. She seemed quite worried about sex, as if I would pressure her into sex. "Holly, I really like you" I said. "I really like this" I said as I rubbed her arm with my hand. "Don't let anyone ever pressure you into sex." What a lovely after school special I have become. A smile slowly crept over her face.
"I just...I thought it would be like expected," She said unsure.
"Have you ever even masturbated?" I asked her.
"No," she said very nervous
"Never?!, you've never even tried?"
"Well, I have tried once or twice, but I didn't like it, have you?"
"Of course, I'm a guy, It's no wonder you don't sound excited about sex."
"Why?"
"Because you've never even had a taste of how good it feels"
"Well I think I could imagine what it feels like"
"Can you? You've never had an orgasm how could you know?"
"I don't know"
"Would you like me to demonstrate?" I said to her, jokingly
"Would you?" she said, seriously.
"Really?"
That sure got my attention. We both sat up from lying on the couch. "Yes," she said, making a sudden change from shy to aggressive.
"What like now?" I asked incredulously.
"Okay," she said.
"Well then let's go into the bedroom." We both walked into the bedroom, she sat on the bed and looked up at me like saying now what. "You sure you want to do this," I asked her.
"I think so," she said. I sat down on the bed next to her and leaned towards her until our lips met. Then I started to explore her mouth with my tongue, and she started to do the same. We fell back on the bed, in a deep kiss, I think we both had our eyes closed, mine were. We stayed locked in this position for seemingly endless time until I finally pulled away. I then looked deep into her eyes, and I saw desire in her. I knew that I was falling for this girl. I hoped she was for me, her eyes told me so.
She laid on her back, and I sat beside her. I reached my hands for the bottom of her blouse, and I unbuttoned it slowly, working my hands from her waist up. She lifted her body to accommodate, wriggling free. Just as I thought, she had no bra on. Her breasts looked even more beautiful up close. They rested on her chest, rounded out and pert. I could see her nipples were getting somewhat hard. I reached down to her skirt and pulled that down, she pulled one leg free of it and then pushed it off her other leg. Now she was wearing only pink panties. I pulled these down below her knees, and she pushed them off with her feet. "Now what?" she asked excitedly, completely naked, arms to her sides. I leaned up to kiss her, her lips came up and met mine, I gently pushed her back down to the bed.
"Close your eyes," I said. Now I have never been with a woman, but I have seen porn, and read stories, so I had a good idea, but I needed to be confident with her, so she wouldn't doubt what I was doing. I softly kissed and down her neck, to her shoulder then down to her right nipple, I sucked and flicked my tongue around her nipple, and used my right hand to mimic my mouth on her left nipple; while my left hand was caressing the outside of her thigh. Then I slowly moved down her stomach. Kissing and licking, while my right hand stayed at her breast, and my left hand was caressing around her thighs and calves. I saw that her pussy was very wet. But I made a point of not touching her pussy, but instead moving on to her wonderfully smooth legs, touching and kissing all over. I then worked my way back up to her breasts and to kiss her again. By now her hands were trembling, and blood filled her extremities, in the state of excitement. Her once semi-hard nipples were now rock hard. Her eyes met mine and the look seemed to scream 'FUCK ME'. She was ready.
With my hands still occupied on her breasts, legs, and arms, I moved down in between her legs. I licked her pussy once, taking in her wetness, a new experience for the both of us. I could even smell her sweet pussy. I brought one hand away from caressing her thighs and put one finger inside her. I slowly pushed in and out, she seemed a little uncomfortable, but still excited. Then I put two fingers in and moved slowly. After a moment I looked up to see her face, and she had her eyes closed, and looked to be quite pleasured. I started to move just a little bit faster, but not too fast, and I heard her moan. I leaned in and started to lick her lips up and down side to side, slowly then increasing in speed. Her clit was clearly visible sticking out of her lips. I started to suck on her clit and rub my tongue all around it, while I resumed with two fingers, in and out. She started to moan much louder, and even started moving her hands through my hair. I continued this pace for a few minutes, then she arched her back and her breathing increased. I could tell she was close. I then moved to three fingers and much faster, while I quickened my pace eating her pussy and clit more vigorously. It wasn't long after that her pussy started to convulse and contract, grinding my fingers, she let out a loud scream "Ahhh...yesssssssss". She unconsciously pushed down on my head, keeping me there. Her thighs squeezing my neck... After a moment her whole body relaxed and she let her head fall back down to the bed. She was sweating and breathing very heavily.
I moved up to lay down next to her. "Oh my god, ahhh," she said. She grabbed me and pulled me to her, and we kissed very deep, she tasted her juices, and I think she liked it; we kissed for a few minutes. She was still naked, and I was still fully clothed. Finally back down to a near normal state, "Now what do we do?"
"What do you mean?" I asked.
"Do we have sex now," she asked.
"We can, if you're ready." I said. "Except that I don't have any condoms here." I said realizing my stupidity, disappointed.
"Well I don't think we should do that right away," She said.
"I don't think we should either," I agreed.
"But can I at least see your... umm...you know"
"My stamp collection?" I asked joking. She smiled, nearly laughing at my joke, and no I don't have a stamp collection.
"Your ... penis," she said awkwardly.
"Oh you mean Doris?"
"Doris?" She asked puzzled.
"I named it Doris," I said, now I was really making stuff up as I went.
"Why a girl's name?"
"Well ships and cars and just about anything else are always referred to as feminine. She is a fast ship, she is a fast car, and so on."
"But isn't your penis a little different?"
"Not really."
"Isn't it slightly more masculine than a car?"
"It's not like it has a penis..." Now she was confused.
"Anyway...can I see it?" She asked, blushing and smiling.
I stood up and undressed to just my boxers. I was clearly erect. She got up and stood in front of me. "That's huge!" she said.
"Well thank you, but I've seen bigger," I said.
"That is supposed to fit in me?" she said shocked.
"Well that's the idea." I said. She had obviously never seen a dick before. I am not that big, I read somewhere the average male is 5 and ¼ inches long, so I was proud of my 6 and ¼ inch long penis (you bet I make sure to include that ¼). But her reaction made me feel like I had just pulled out a foot long sandwich of a cock. She kneeled down in front of me and pulled my boxers down, releasing my cock, it sprang up, she jumped from the surprise. This girl was very inexperienced. I felt like I was an older guy with a young girl, but she was three months older than me! She stayed on her knees a foot in front of me just looking at me. "Do you know what you're doing with that," I asked her jokingly.
"NO!" she said.
"Why don't you try touching it," She reached her hand out and poked the head.
"Touch it a bit more than that," I said laughing. She grabbed the shaft with one hand, moving it around, inspecting it. Then she grabbed my balls, moving them around. "Now what do I do," she asked me.
"Well, do you want to give me head, or a handjob or what?" I asked, wondering if she knew what that meant.
"What's head?" she asked.
"A Blowjob" I said.
"Ohh, I know what that is," she said. "So what do I do?"
"Well start by stroking it, then licking it, and then sucking on it. It's like what I just did to you, but different. And remember the head is the most sensitive part"
"What's the head?" she asked.
"You know, the end the big part."
"Oh," she said. She started stroking with one hand, she put her other hand on my ass. She sped up with her hand and then she licked the head of my cock. She looked up at me inquisitively. I nodded at her, and she focused on her "job" at "hand", oh puns are fun aren't they... She licked the end of my cock. Then she started to lick up and down, and on my balls. She put the end in her mouth and started sucking and moving her tongue all around the head. She put her hand back on my shaft, stroking slowly at first and gradually increasing pace of her mouth and hand.
Her breasts were swaying about from her motion. I started to imagine how it would feel to fuck her tight pussy. I realized that I was getting close. "Okay stop," I said.
She stopped and said "Am I doing something wrong?" worried.
"No I'm close to cumming," I said.
"Good," she said.
"Well you're in for a bit of a surprise," I said.
"Keep stroking and point it down at your boobs"
"Why?" she asked.
"You'll see," I told her (she has never even watched porn, or she was messing with me). After another half minute I was getting very close. "Now go faster," I said. She sped up and I felt my balls contracting. I shot a big blast onto her tits. She was shocked suddenly, not expecting it. She let go of my cock, which of course sprang back up. The second shot hit her right in the forehead. She didn't reach for my cock and I was too into the moment to worry, as I unloaded all over her face. After a moment I looked down and she was shocked. Cum splattered all over her. "I told you to point it down," I said starting to laugh.
"I wasn't expecting that!" she said, starting to laugh too.
"Well I didn't want to blow in your mouth, that would just be rude," I said.
"I would have choked to death too!" she said, still shocked. My knees were weak from the blowjob and now I was laughing too hard. I semi collapsed to the floor, right in front of her. "It tastes kind of good actually," she said. "It's sweet"
"Glad you like it, next time ill just let you swallow it," I said laughing still. "Hmm." Licking her lips "maybe," she said.
The Adventures of John and Holly
Part 3: Pleasant Surprises
Holly and I moved quite quickly. It is like an organizational exercise to start dating. Right away we knew that we really liked each other, and no matter what we would be doing a lot together. It was only a week before she started sleeping over regularly, bringing over a personal hygiene kit and some clothes. I don't know about other couples, but for us this just made sense. We didn't feel like we were moving fast.
We pick the story back up about a week after she started to stay over, I awoke first. I looked at the clock, realizing that we both had classes to get to in less than an hour. This was no problem for me, I can be ready and out the door in five minutes flat, but Holly needed more time. I turned towards her, she was sleeping on her side, facing away from me. I kissed her on her cheek, and rubbed her arm. "Holly, wake up," I said gently. She was definitely still very asleep. I decided to take advantage of this situation. I moved onto the other side of the bed. I went under the covers, and found her special area.
I started by very gently rubbing and massaging her pussy with my fingers. Then I increased my pace slightly, she let out small moans, but was not conscious. I used one hand on her nipples and breasts, and the other to rub her round smooth, wonderful ass, and I began to lick her pussy. I expected her to be awake by now, but she was still asleep, or she was just pretending. I went for it, licking and sucking and prodding with my tongue for all I was worth. I massaged and sucked on her clit and lips, and even started to tongue fuck her. She was still not awake. I picked up my pace to the point that I would expect her to cum. Her nipples were hard and her breathing had increased. I sucked and licked her clit as fast as I could, suddenly she came all over my tongue, squirting sweet juices. "Ohhhhhhhh," she moaned quite loud. I moved up so we were face to face.
"I thought you'd never wake up." I said.
"Ohh, what a way to wake up that was" she said dreamily.
"We got classes," I said matter-of-factly.
I got out of bed, and walked into the bathroom. I needed to take a quick shower so that she could get in after me, and have enough time to get to class. I jumped in the hot shower, and started to soap up, still nearly half asleep. I was simply amazed at Holly, I was so lucky to have her, and I knew I would never let her slip away from me, what fortune I had. The shower curtain suddenly pulled back, and Holly was standing there, hair in a mess, juices still running down her legs, "My turn," she said. She stepped into the shower. Our faces melted together, under the hot stream of water, tongues exploring and enjoying one another. I started massaging her now slippery wet breasts. She rested her head on my chest, leaning on me, and simply hugging me, enjoying the moment. My hands went down to her beautiful ass cheeks, massaging and rubbing. We stayed in this position for several minutes. Holly moved down to her knees, "Now it's my turn," she said. Holly, now seemingly a pro, started stroking my barely semi hard shaft. The wetness of her hands and my cock combined with her saliva was invigorating. She was sucking me off very fast and deep; moving her head in and out very quickly. I was moaning.
The water continued to stream down, hitting her back, as I was leaning against the opposite end of the shower. She pulled her mouth off my cock, continued stroking, "I want your cum." She said provocatively. She had apparently taken a liking to the taste of my cum. She immediately resumed moving her neck rapidly, in and out, and her tongue was exploring my cock. The slurping noises were too much, I was going to blow. Luckily for her, last night she had gotten me off, so my load wasn't nearly as big.
"Im about to cum," I said, arching my back, knees weak. She kept her mouth on my cock, but stopped stroking. She just massaged my head with her tongue. I came into her mouth, Holly swallowed it immediately.
"What that's it?" she said looking up, "Last time it was like half a gallon."
"It takes a while to build up you know," I said.
"I really like it, its sweet and kinda salty, its weird, but I like it,." At that moment I realized how pretty her brown eyes were, she had been naked so much I barely had a chance to notice, or maybe she was practically gargling my seed and that has to do something for attraction. I got out of the shower, and she started hers. I went on with getting ready myself, we shared a kiss before we both left for class.
We met again for lunch in a cafeteria on campus. We were both sitting and eating. "After my 1:30, can you meet me at my dorm?" She asked.
"Yeah sure," I said.
"My roommate wants to meet you," she said. That sounded interesting to me. It had previously occurred to me that her roommate had been privy to the details of our relationship, now I would finally get meet her. We finished and went to our separate classes. After my class I headed over to her building. I saw her first, she was sitting on a bench outside, reading. I walked up to her, and said "Hey stranger."
"Let's go up to my room," she said in her sweet way. We walked up the stairs. As we got to her room, she unlocked her door. A cute blonde stepped out of another room and gave me quite a look, then we walked into her room. "I need to change out of these dirty clothes," she said.
"Those dirty dirty clothes," I said jokingly. Holly took off her pants and panties, throwing them to the side, and finding new ones out of her drawers. It amazed me how calm she was about nudity, even though we had only met a few days ago.
I sat on her bed, and she came and sat next to me. She had taken off her shirt and bra, and now she was naked from the waist up, with jeans on below. "John, my roommate won't be here for twenty minutes," she said.
"Interesting," I said. We started to make out, this is what I thought high school should have been, making out with a topless girl, isn't that second base. Well I just hit a double. We were all over her bed. "Want to try something new?" I asked her.
"What, What!?" she said excited. I figured, rightly, that she really didn't know anything about sex, this was the next logical step.
"Okay, get naked." I said. She was so excited it took literally five seconds to get completely nude.
"Now what?" she said. I stripped off my clothes, tossing them onto the neighboring bed. I laid down on Holly's bed.
"Okay now, you give me a blowjob," I began to say.
"This sounds familiar," she interrupted.
"But put your legs around my head, so that we both pleasure each other."
"What's this called, like 59 or something?" she asked.
"69, but close" I said. Either she really is clueless or she loves to play dumb. She only did this about sex, nothing else. Either way its kind of a turn on.
She put her knees on either side of my head, I could smell her aroma, she was wet. Then she leaned forward to my crotch. I put my hand on her ass cheeks pulling myself up to her slit. I started to lick her like a lollipop. She mimicked my every action. I could feel her nipples poking my stomach. Her door opened, and her roommate walked in. "Hello?" the girl said, walking into the room. "Ohhh!" she said, seeing us. Holly picked her head up off my cock
"Hi Stephanie," she said very normally. I continued my work.
"Is this John?" she asked.
"It is," Holly responded.
"Are you going to introduce me?" she asked.
"Ohh sorry, John this is Stephanie, Stephanie, John," Holly replied. I still had only seen Stephanie out of the corner of my eye. Stephanie went to sit on her bed, and saw my clothes.
Meanwhile, Holly had resumed her half of the 69, 6 or 9 im not sure. "You guys didn't do it on my bed did you?" Stephanie asked.
"Huhhuh," I managed a muffled response out of her pussy. Holly got a real kick out of that, and she started giggling, which felt good on my dick.
"So this is a penis," Stephanie said, with a sarcastic tone, probably mocking Holly's cloudlessness or her playing dumb...ness. Stephanie moved over to the bed leaning down, her head right next to Holly's.
"Yeah, it tastes good," Holly said. I still hadn't gotten much more than a glimpse of Stephanie. She had blonde hair, and was skinny and tall. I just continued my work. I could barely hear muffled whispers between the two of them, but I could feel their breath on my cock. I increased my pace dramatically on Holly's sweet pussy and clit. She leaned back, resting on her knees, face away from my cock.. She was arching her back and was close to cumming.
I heard some muffled words, "...can I try.." I felt Stephanie stroke my cock a few times, then she licked it, like a lollipop. This got me very excited, I brought up my hand and started finger fucking and sucking Holly's clit. She had an orgasm, screaming very loudly, nearly falling off the bed. But I didn't stop licking stroking and prodding, and Stephanie didn't stop with her gentle attention to my cock. This continued for several more minutes, with groans escaping both of our lips.
I continued to eat Holly until she came again. The orgasms started to run together in a mass of quivers and groans, shaking and screaming. Holly was too horny now, she moved Stephanie out of the way and went forward, impaling her mouth on my cock. I had been close to coming for minutes now. Holly kept moving her mouth very quickly, tongue doing its own exploring. "Ihhmm Chummhing," I managed, mouth still busy. Holly picked her head up allowing Stephanie to see me shoot my cum into Holly's beautiful breasts. Holly finally moved off of my head, very shakily. We both sat up on her bed.
"What does it taste like?" Stephanie asked, looking at me.
"Don't ask me, ask her," I said. Getting to see her for the first time, she was a cute blonde, blue eyes, very skinny, very small tits, wearing a sweatshirt and jeans.
"It's good, want to try it?" Holly said. Stephanie leaned into Holly's chest and licked some cum off of her breasts. I won't forget that sight. "It's different," she said, not liking it. Holly saw the look on my face. "What?" she said.
"Wow that's hot," I said.
"What?" Stephanie said.
"Oh my god," I managed.
"What this?' Stephanie said as she started to suck my cum off of Holly's nipples, toying with me.
"Ya that would be it," I said. "Why don't the two of you make out?" I asked sarcastically, but to my surprise they did. I just kept staring.
After a few minutes I was on Stephanie's bed, watching them roll around on Holly's. After a while, Stephanie sat up, turned to me, pointed at Holly's pussy, and said "How's this taste?"
"Why don't you try it?" I said incredulously. She did. Stephanie, still fully clothed, started to eat out Holly. Stephanie was much more experienced than Holly. She obviously had played with herself or other girls to know what to do here. That gave me an idea. I started to look through Stephanie's dresser, underwear drawer, jackpot. I found her vibrator. Went over to the bed, Stephanie was still lapping and poking with her tongue; I turned on the vibrator and put it on Holly's clit, rubbing it around.
"I need to get me one of those!" I heard out of Holly, as she had her latest orgasm of the day, spraying her juices on the both of us. After a moment Stephanie had to leave for her next class. I though Holly might have gotten kind of jealous from the encounter, so I made sure to make her feel loved. We made out some more on her bed, and I told her I loved her, which was and is true, she returned the favor.
The Adventures of John and Holly
Part 4: The First Time
I kept hoping that I wouldn't wake up and this all be a dream, very gladly it wasn't. I was sitting on my couch, watching espn, but I wasn't really watching it, I kept reflecting, going over in my head the things that had happened, things that could happen, what was next. Well for the immediate future, she was coming here after her last class of the day. She said on the phone that she had something special in mind for tonite. Up to now we hadn't done anything more than oral sex, and a glimpse of a threesome with her roommate. I knew that the special something had to be our first fucking, penetration sex. It would be a first for both of us. I made sure not to repeat an earlier mistake, I had purchased a large pack of condoms on my way home from campus. I heard a car pull up. I walked to the window, and saw her walking to the door, she was wearing a red shirt that had a v-neck exposing the tops of her breasts and long tight jeans.
I walked to the door and opened it just before she got there, to her surprise. "Hey stranger," I said. She playfully pushed me backward, closing the door behind her. "So what was so special you had in mind?" I asked her. She responded by throwing me down on the couch, then jumping on top of me, she made a point of putting her cleavage, from her red shirt, right on my face.
"I think we should broaden our horizons," she said. For a second I thought she might mean something kinky, then I realized I was right to begin with.
"Like what?" I asked, playing dumb.
"I think you know," she said, playing back at me.
"Stephanie told me that I shouldn't put off having sex. She said it's stupid to pretend that we will wait years to actually have sex, it will just complicate things, and then we'll break up and I'll wind up having sex with someone I don't like as much."
"Who said we were waiting?" I said.
"Well I was going to make you wait" She said biting her lip. "Remind me to thank her later," I said. I somewhat grabbed Holly, kind of cradling her, her arms around my neck now. I just love to hold her. Somewhere there is a line, and I guess that line for me is sex, because we hadn't crossed it yet. Some line of seriousness, where responsibility dictates that we have a serious discussion. I looked into her eyes. "What...um. What are we?"
"What do you mean?" She asked, somewhat worried.
"Well, are we boyfriend girlfriend, are we just having fun, I don't really know?" I asked.
"What do you think we are?" She asked.
"I think we are a serious relationship," I said.
"Me too, what else could this be?" She asked.
"I don't know, I mean, maybe you just decided that you wouldn't inhibit yourself as much in college and hence here we are a few weeks in and about to have sex. I mean maybe its just that I am the first 'guy'," I said.
"Why would you think that?" She asked, sounding kind of hurt.
"I don't I just mean that I don't really know. I mean...are we like...Okay, if we keep going down the track we are on, what is that, where are we in six weeks, six months, six years?"
"Well. Six weeks we aren't much different than now, we just know more about each other, a little closer, more experience. Six months we are closer to each other than we have been to anyone ever, and we are planning to move in together sophomore year. Six years from now we're married and have good jobs thinking about kids. That's all assuming we stay on this track." She said. Her smile widened as she talked, mine as I listened.
"That. What you just said makes me happier than I have ever been." I said.
"Me too."
...
"How does this thing work?" she said.
"It has instructions on it," I said.
"Ohh," she said as she turned it over. Holly now naked standing in front of me, I was sitting on the edge of my bed, naked as well. She tore it open and unrolled it. "I think you stick it in now" she said.
"I think you mean, YOU stick it in now" I said playfully.
"Fine," she said feigning anger. She over exaggerated her hips walking over to the bed, her breasts bouncing as she walked, nipples hard from the attention they received minutes ago on the couch. She knelt down in front of me. "Let me make sure it's good and hard first," Holly said. She stroked my cock a few times. Then she slipped on my love glove, it was the first time I ever had a condom on. It felt kind of weird, but it didn't seem to de-sensitize very much at all.
I stood up from the bed, holding the sides of her arms and bringing her up with me, turning us around and putting her on the bed. I crawled up on top of her, holding myself just above her. I sucked on her nipples and licked her pussy a few times on my way up. We were lying face-to-face, cock-to-pussy. I just looked into her eyes. She looked back into mine, there was no fear in her eyes as I had somewhat expected. She was embracing this as much or even more than I was. I gave her a look that said 'are you sure', she saw my face, she leaned her head up to my ear and whispered, "Fuck me." I was convinced. I gently thrusted forward, not looking, and missed hitting her pubic hair. She started to giggle. I smiled at her before looking down and with one hand putting my cock on her lips.
I gently pushed my dick into her, it took more force than I imagined. Her tight eighteen year old pussy embraced and surrounded my eighteen year old cock. She let out a whimper, of pain or discomfort, she nodded her head, indicating that I should continue. I started to push in and out, very slowly and not very deep. I continued a slow pace for some time. Her velvety lips hugging my cock. Her nipples were now fully erect, and her breathing was very quick. She was aroused, but this was clearly not going to get her off. I started to go a little bit deeper and little bit faster, after a while I was nearly to the point that I could get it all the way in, but I had slowed down considerably at her request. I could tell she couldn't take much more of this, it was too much pain now. I pulled out.
I laid on top of her body, taking her mouth into mine. Our tongues met passionately, embracing each other, our sweaty chests rubbing together. I moved down, kissing and licking her neck and massaging her breasts, until I was lips to lips, her other lips. I started to lick up and down slowly, then taking in her clit massaging and using one hand to complement my tongue on her slit. I used my free hand on other various parts, as she moaned, putting her hands in my hair, and thrusting her hips upward, arching her back. "Ohhhh, yes john yes," she whispered repeatedly. Her orgasm hit her like a ton of bricks. She suddenly moved her legs and arms violently like she was possessed. Screeching and screaming, as I buried my face in between her legs. It took minutes for her to calm back down from her excited state. She was breathing incredibly rapidly.
I laid down beside her, both of us staring at the ceiling, my right hand in her left. "Is it my turn now," I asked the ceiling.
"I though you'd never ask," she said nearly before I had finished my sentence, suddenly leaning forward putting her mouth on my clothed cock. She started stroking it. She was resting her head on my stomach, her back exposed to me, all the way down to her beautiful butt. I reached my right hand down caressing her back, down her side, to her hips, as she continued stroking my cock.
"Holly, I love how beautiful your back is."
"You just like staring at my ass," she responded playfully. Then she picked her head up and put my head into her mouth sucking on it and licking all around it. "I think I could deal with this rubber thing, it keeps me from getting shot in the face again." She said giggling. I just started to chuckle at that.
She started going faster, and stroking with her right hand. Holly alternated her hand on my shaft and balls, mouth still at work. I decided to let her get a surprise, rather than alert her to the problem close at hand. I shuddered, as my balls emptied, my jizz contained in the condom. She started to giggle as her mouth was still on my mouth. She pulled her mouth away from my cock. "It tickled my tongue," she said, still stroking with her right hand. She moved back to lay next to me again. We laid in each others arms, talking until we fell asleep, exhausted.
...
I woke up in the night, realizing we had fallen asleep, I even still had the condom on, though it had nearly fallen off my shrunken member. I got out of bed, realizing that she was no longer in bed. I could hear the shower running. I snuck into the bathroom, she was showering. I snuck up to the shower curtain, I was planning on opening it and surprising her, but just as I got the shower, I heard her moaning. I stopped. It sounded like she was masturbating. I walked to the other end of the shower, knelt down, and peeked through between the curtain and the wall. Holly was laying down, pussy in the path of the falling water, her head was just below mine, her eyes were closed. Her right hand was playing with her clit, and her left hand was rubbing her all around. She was lost in ecstasy, she wouldn't have noticed me if I had yelled. Holly was breathing very deeply. "Ohhh John, yes" She said very deeply. That made me more excited than the sight had.
I sat there watching her masturbate, for several minutes. When she finally orgasmed she opened her eyes, and I instinctively moved my head back, I slowly crept out of the shower and went back to bed. I pretended to be asleep as she returned from her "cleansing" shower. She returned to bed, hugging my body tight to hers, her face to the back of my head, her chest to my back. She, thinking I was asleep, whispered into my ear, "I love you John." I smiled, but gave no reply as we both fell back asleep.
The Adventures of John and Holly
Part 5: Little Pink Toy
I woke up, Holly was still asleep, her nice round tits still poking me in the back. Her lovely shoulder length brown hair tangled with mine, our legs mixed together, just the way they were when she laid down after her orgasmic shower last night. I grabbed her hand that had been draped over my arm, as her tight hug had loosened during the night. I rubbed her hand, and she awoke. "mmm," She moaned in my ear. She rolled back away from me, allowing me the freedom to get up.
When I returned from my shower, she was laying on the bed, all the sheets thrown off, her naked body exposed, she was smiling and looking at me, both of us naked. "I masturbated for the first time last night, while you were sleeping," she said.
"Really?" I asked, not giving her any hints.
"Ya, in the shower, Stephanie said I should do it, she said she does it all the time."
"I bet she does," I said "I saw the way she ate your pussy, and I found her vibrator, remember."
"Well it was hard, I couldn't get off, it took soo long," she said ",then I thought about your hard cock just pounding my pussy, and then I was coming."
"Your welcome," I said playfully.
"I want to get a vibrator, so that I can masturbate when we can't be together, I have been going crazy those nights," She said.
"Well, we can go get you a toy then," I said. This part of the conversation had my cock getting erect, and she noticed.
"Wanting to enter the conversation are we?" she asked my crotch. She got up and started to get dressed. "I need to get some more things over here so that I don't have to wear dirty clothes in the morning."
"Yeah, you wouldn't want to be wearing your dirty dirty clothes," I said playfully. I began dressing too. In a few minutes we were out the door. I rode in her car to her dorm.
Being a Saturday morning on a college campus, it was dead. Everyone, bored from the week of studious behavior, had partied the night before, and on Thursday night too. We went into Holly's dorm room. To our surprise, her roommate wasn't alone. There was a set of decidedly masculine arms around Stephanie. Holly hugged me sideways as we both looked down into the heap of hair, arms, legs, clothes, and blankets. "I'll get dressed," she whispered. I sat down on Holly's bed trying to ignore the two of them. Holly was in the corner changing, when Stephanie awoke. She seemed panicked, waking up the guy. Stephanie didn't want to get caught by her roommate it seemed. She sat up and saw me, covering her exposed small tits, with her arms.
"Hi John, meet Brad," Stephanie said. The waking Brad was shirtless, and barely conscious, just realizing there was another man in the room.
"Who's this guy," he muttered.
"My roommate's boyfriend," she said. Holly came back and sat next to me, in her fresh clothes.
"Is that Brad?" Holly asked Stephanie.
"I told you I was going to fuck him last night," Stephanie said. "I thought you were kidding," Holly replied.
"And you know she gets what she wants," Brad chimed in.
"So, did you two do it finally?" Stephanie asked, looking at me.
"Yes," I responded "Thanks for the words of encouragement by the way."
"I knew you would be thankful," Stephanie replied.
"Oh, we would like to know where you can buy a vibrator around here?" I asked.
"There's that adult video store on... uh...23rd street, by the Blockbuster," She responded.
"Oh, right, I think I know it," I said.
"Thanks Steph," Holly said as we rose to leave.
Holly drove to the adult video store. I had never been to one before, I wondered if they carded at the door, but they didn't, its funny how once I turned 18 I always want to be carded, because it's weird to me that I am that old. It was the same thing with R movies when I turned seventeen. She parked and we walked into the video store. It was dead, there was one employee at the counter half asleep, and no one else in the store, it was a Saturday morning. We walked down one isle of porn videos. Holly started laughing at some of the titles. "Have you ever seen porn?" she asked me.
"Yeah, on the internet," I said.
"I'll have to try that sometime." We found the toy isle. There were strapons and dildos hanging from the racks, small, medium, large, gigantic, black, white, brown. There was pink, white, red, black, vibrators. There was even a thing that looked like a flash light but it had lips on the end, for masturbating I assumed.
We stood there looking at the assortment. "That is fucking massive," she said, pointing at one of the black dildos. "I told you I don't have a huge penis, above average. I have seen black ones that big in pornos before."
"Jesus, how could you walk with that between your legs?"
"Like this," I said, as I waddled through the isle, which resulted in a giggle. She pulled a small pink vibrator off the shelf. Through the plastic covering she switched it on, and it rattled in her hand.
Holly gasped, "That's amazing," she said. She gave a quick look over the top of the rack at the lone employee, then she put the still packaged vibrator down her loose sweatshirt. She couldn't stop giggling.
"Why stop there," I said, grabbing another vibrator and putting it up her sweatshirt, to her unattended nipple. She pushed me away laughing. A bell dinged as the door opened, I put the vibrator back, but she continued. At the other end of the store, a couple, middle aged man and woman, had entered the store, they could only see our heads. The woman was fake blonde and looked about thirtyish, the man looked to be a little bit older than her, he looked like the kind of guy you see at a stoplight in a little sports car, old guy, younger girl, fast car. They started browsing through the isles.
We still stood looking at the various toys. "I think I'll get the little pink one," Holly said, "It's making me horny." Then the couple reached the end of an isle, and we could see each other, head to toe. The woman was wearing very tight, leathery pants, and a black shirt that was too small, for her DD at least sized obviously fake breasts. She was way too skinny to have those tits. She wasn't that skinny though, but very good for her age, she also had a bit of a fake tan look to her. I had always enjoyed Holly's kind of pale yet semi-tanned look, it was her natural color, I keep telling her she shouldn't tan to change it. The couple rounded the corner and were now in the very next isle. Holly turned to me, "Were you checking her out?" she asked me, but she was smiling, knowing my love for her, I could tell she didn't care.
"Yes, she must have paid a lot of money to get guys to do that," I said.
She giggled "I know look at those ridiculous things," she said. "Those huge tits, don't you just want to squeeze them," She asked me. I looked at her puzzled. "Am I exciting you?" she asked.
"A little," I said.
"I was hoping for big," she said.
Holly hugged me tight, put her mouth next to my ear and whispered, "I want to suck your cock." Then she knelt down, and pulled her sweater off in the process, exposing her naked tits, very hard. I had no choice. She unzipped my jeans, and pulled down my boxers, popping out my hard cock. I put my hands on the back of her head, just holding her. She started stroking me and licking my cock. Then the woman rounded the corner into our isle. She walked right up to us, and stood there watching for a few moments. I wondered if Holly had even noticed, she was so concentrated. Then the man came over too. They both stood there watching us. The man must have thought that Holly was just a slut that had seduced me, and not my girlfriend. He whipped his cock out. It was shorter than mine, gladly for me.
The Woman looked down, "He's bigger than you," she said. The guy put his cock right next to Holly's face. She pulled off of me.
"Point that elsewhere," she said. The man stood next to me, pulled his pants down, and motioned for his woman to do the same as Holly. She kneeled down next to Holly and started working away on the guy.
After a few moments of slurping noises of cocks and mouths and hands and saliva, the guy started shaking and orgasmed. The woman took every drop without flinching. The guy just leaned against the wall. The woman, clearly disappointed that her man had come already, looked at me. "Hi I'm Cindy," she said.
"Hi I'm John, and this is my girlfriend Holly," I said very normally. She stared at Holly for a little bit.
"Relax your throat, stick your tongue out," she said. Holly complied, and then stuck my cock deeper into her mouth. I watched in amazement as a Cindy gave Holly pointers on deepthroating. After a few minutes she managed to get my cock almost all the way down her throat. She came off, panting. "It's kind of hard" she said. "Let me show you," Cindy said, grabbing my cock. She shoved her mouth all the way, balls deep, and stuck her tongue out, massaging my balls. I was amazed. Holly's jaw dropped. I bet mine did too.
"Do that again!" Holly said, before I had a chance too. Cindy did it again, and she did it several times, in and out, her wet mouth wrapping my cock, and her tongue playing with my balls, all the way, very fast. It was amazing.
"Now you try it," she said. Holly tried but couldn't get it all the way down.
"No tilt your head like this," Cindy said. Holly did, and she shoved my cock all the way down, for the first time. "Good," Cindy said. Then Holly resumed on my cock, going quickly, using her tongue, using her hands on my balls, and Cindy sat back and watched.
She pulled her shirt off, pulling her huge fake tits out, playing with them. Soon I was close to cumming. "I'm close," I said.
"Will you come on my tits?" Cindy said. I looked down at Holly, and she pulled off, stroking my cock and pointing it at Cindy's massive mammaries. I came, the first shot was way high and hit Cindy's lips, Holly pointed me down, with an "oops." The following shots Holly split between the massive tits. When I was finished, Cindy was dripping with cum; she was licking her lips where my jizz had splattered, and playing with her wet tits. Holly started to lick some of my come off of Cindy's tits, making a point of sucking one of her large nipples. When Holly took a big lick of come, Cindy grabbed Holly's face and they made out, with my cum in both of their mouths.
"Wow," I said, at the same time that the guy did. "That's a fine girl you have there," I said to him.
"Likewise," he said, both of us still staring.
We did eventually purchase something at the store. She got the little pink vibrator, and I bought another one "in case we need two". Holly drove back to my apartment; she couldn't wait to get it out of the case. She almost ran inside and grabbed the scissors to cut away the plastic package. In half a minute she was naked on the couch sitting up, with her legs split wide apart, playing with her clit. I watched as Holly rubbed and massaged her pussy with the little pink toy. "You looked like you needed one of those last night," I said.
"YOU SAW ME!?!?!" she yelled, shocked.
"Yeah, I almost joined you, but I decided to let you think I was still sleeping. It was very hot," I said.
"I wish you would have joined me," she said.
"Holly, next time I will," I said. She continued masturbating, and I went into the kitchen getting the scissors, to open the vibrator I bought. Hers was just a little nub, for using on her clit. This one was white and skinny, but longer. I opened it and turned it on, I held it out to her for her to grab. But she wouldn't take it. So I knelt down in front of the couch, her legs spread wide. I pushed in her new, white toy, into her tight slit. She moaned as I started to fuck her with it. "Now if you do this a few times, it won't hurt at all when we have sex," I said. She was too far along now. She couldn't take the double action, she came and juices started pouring out onto the toys and ran down my arm. "Have fun with your little pink toy."
Part 6: The Typical Day
Months went by, a new semester, season changed, and Holly and I had settled into our own routine.
I awoke to the shrill buzzing of the alarm. Seven a.m. I need to be in class by Seven Thirty. This is my earliest class; Holly gets to sleep in on this day, till her nine class. I reach over and hit the button on the alarm. Through trial and tribulation we have come up with our methods of maintaining our grades. Before every class, except back to back classes of course, we have some form of sex. In This case, I have a class, and she doesn't, so she pleasures me, and before her first class I will pleasure her, this way we get our sexual needs fulfilled, and we are able to concentrate. After a few classes of being so horny anticipating, we found that this helped us concentrate. Although this may sound like a chore, almost like a duty, we take great pleasure in it. We both enjoy pleasuring the other, and we know it's necessary for our success. At the sound of the alarm Holly awoke as well. We were both nude, as we enjoyed the finer side of sleeping naked. I arose to get a shower. I stepped into the hot running water, still more than half asleep, trying to awaken from my slumber.
After I finished a dried off, brushed my teeth and stepped out into the bedroom. Holly was lying on her side watching the door, waiting for me. When I came out she motioned for me. I sat up on the bed, back to the wall. Holly was lying on top off my legs, head creeping up my legs to my crotch. "Good morning," she said. Then she put her mouth on my cock. She had become quite the cock sucker. No hands, all mouth throat tongue and lips. She had learned to deepthroat, not at my urging but from her competitive nature. She didn't like the idea of not being good something, anything. She was like this about everything, try pointing out a mistake in her driving and you'll learn this very quickly. She could deepthroat with ease. Up and down, slurp slurp. Her naked tits slapping my legs, her red lips around my cock, Tongue flicking licking massaging, as she went up and down over and over, I was close to cumming and I said so. She just kept working. I came straight down her throat. She swallowed my load of jizz with no problem whatsoever. Finished, and I was definitely more alert. I rose and dressed, as she lay down in my absence, she was asleep before I was out the door. I kissed her on the cheek as she slept. I head off to my class.
I returned, as usual at a few minutes after eight thirty. Holly was already showered and nearly ready. When I stepped in the door I could hear her in the bathroom. I went to the dresser pulling out both vibrators. I sat on the bed waiting. After a moment Holly emerged from the bathroom, from the waist up presentable, from the waist down nude. She smiled and walked quickly to the bed where she went to the same spot I was earlier, switching positions. I turned on the little pink vibrator and handed it to her. She went to work on her clit. I went to work with the small white vibrator, in and out of her pussy slowly, her pussy lips hugging it as it receded, and squeezing it as it entered. She was very wet, and moaning throughout the whole process.
After a few minutes, the vibrators were removed, and I went to work with my mouth, tonguing and licker prodding sucking massaging, her clit and lips. I would finger fuck her with my right index finger, getting it good and wet, before putting it In her ass gently, adding to the pleasure. Her breath increased, arching her back. "Ohhhh John, eat that pussy, ohh, eat me," She said. I would moan into her pussy, which she tells me makes chills run up her back. She was noticeably trembling. She started screaming as hot sweet juices ran out of her pussy, she took a minute to collect her thoughts, as she dressed, and then we shared a passionate kiss before she left. I sat at my desk working on my homework from my early class. I didn't have another class for half an hour.
At Eleven I met Holly for lunch, as usual, we ate in the dorm cafeteria, discussing our various classes. She would tell me about her professors and about Stephanie's latest boyfriend. After lunch we went to Holly's dorm, where she maintained a small presence. Holly now mostly lived in my apartment; she had long since had her own set of keys, and closet space, toiletries in the bathroom and so on and so forth. We entered her dorm room, where Stephanie was on her bed doing what she called 'studying' which entailed reading her books while massaging her pussy with her vibrator. Stephanie was completely naked face down on her bed reading and masturbating. "Hi Steph," Holly said.
"Hey Steph," I said. Stephanie had a nasty streak of fucking one guy for a week before moving on to the next one, she enjoyed the hunt I think.
"I should charge you guys for the show you get everyday, for free," Stephanie said.
"I think you just want us to notice you," I said.
"Yeah us, and Brad, Tom, Craig, Jeremy, umm who was it last week?" Holly said.
"Which one? Joe or Jeff?" Stephanie replied, still massaging herself.
"Girl you need to find one good one and stick with him," I said, imitating Holly's voice as best I could, which wasn't well. Stephanie laughed.
"He's right you know," Holly said. Holly was undressing, I had already taken off my shirt. Holly's nice round tits hung from her chest poking the air, they look aerodynamic, and you wonder why fast cars are sexy. Holly got on top of me, pushing me back onto her bed; Shedding clothes left and right, pants panties, boxers, socks flying away.
We were kissing passionately mouths locked together, tongues exploring the others mouth. My hands were on her nice round ass. She sat up and guided her pussy over my hardening cock. This she liked to call 'cowgirl' style. She was on top, she pushed her pussy down on my cock, grinding our hips together, pubic hair tangling together. She started to lift herself up and down on my cock, impaling her slit. Then she would lay flat on top of me, cock still in her, and she would gyrate her hips, rotating them. I just held onto her ass. We were a mess of sweaty arms, breasts and mouths, as our special areas merged into one, sending pleasure waves through both of us, our moaning and screaming, disturbing Stephanie. "Ohhh,uhh Ohhh, uhhOhhh," Holly would moan. "Fuck me, ohh fuck me ohh JOHN Fuck me," she would command. She was humping down and I was humping up to match her, our bodies meeting slapping together. This usually set off Stephanie first, since she was already aroused, and the show we put on put her over the edge. Her screams drowned out by Holly's.
When Stephanie finished up, we were just climaxing. Stephanie dressed. "Well thanks for the show, I'll be going now," Stephanie said as she left. When we calmed down from our own separate orgasms, simply enjoying holding each other in our arms, my cock still inside her, she lay her head down on my chest, her hair on my cheek. We lay there breathing slowly collecting ourselves, enjoying the warm body, full body contact was a pleasure in itself.
"She needs a good fucking," Holly said. "She finds a new guy a week and fucks him, but none of them know what they're doing, and she doesn't keep them around long enough to learn. I was lucky to find a guy like you," She said.
"Are you saying you want me to fuck her?" I asked, teasing.
"If you don't mind," she said semi sarcastically. I could see this would eventually lead somewhere; but for now, more classes and redressing to do.
After we became presentable again we left, walking hand in hand as our net classes were in neighboring buildings. Holly had made a game of guess her cup size. So whenever we walked together anywhere we would both guess the cup size of the girls we saw. She was better than me. Some games would result in somewhat heated debate as we both had strong feelings about our answers, and from there the only thing we could do was ask the girl, so of course, Holly would walk up and ask the girl her cup size. It had created some funny and some embarrassing moments. But on ordinary days we would keep our game to ourselves, as was the case on this day. When we got to my building we said our goodbyes, kissed briefly, and went on our ways. We have both found that after a fucking like that, you fell no sexual desire or distractions whatsoever, for a few hours. My class is longer than hers, so she is gone by the time I get out. She usually goes back to her dorm and works on some homework, or goes out with Stephanie and some of their friends. So I leave campus and go to my apartment, and fix myself dinner. After I finish eating I watch some espn and wait for my woman to return.
She really was a woman now, she had turned 19 a few weeks ago, I wanted to have some celebration 'festivities' but her parents had had their own plans. I didn't hear her car pull up. Holly opened the door and walked in, sitting next to me on the couch. Some days we are too tired to have any more sex, but today as is most, we were still very horny. Maybe we wouldn't be so horny if we didn't have the periods of time between encounters, where we had the anticipation of the next encounter. "So what'd you guys do?" I asked.
"We went and ate with the girls, talked about some things, wink wink," Holly said.
"What does that mean," I asked.
"You'll see," She responded. She was very horny, her nipples were poking through her bra and blouse. Holly got down on her knees, pulling her shirt off. She unzipped my pants, stroking my limp cock, then sucking it gently. She did just enough to get me hard.
"Ok I think I'm ready," I said. She stood up, pulling me with her. I pulled my shirt up over my head, and pulled off my jeans and boxers, that had been around my ankles.
Meanwhile, Holly had removed her bra and jeans, leaving only her panties. I got down on my knees, pulling her white panties down over her hips, exposing her short pubic hair, then her pussy. She was already wet. I lapped up and down a few times, then sucked on her clit massaging with my tongue, while she played with her tits. Then I stood up, face to face, we kissed, lips open tongues lapping at each other, like a dance, tongues in the air. Holly turned around facing away from me, bent over bracing herself by putting her hands on my desk. She was bent over, pussy exposed through her beautiful ass cheeks. She was so hot. I moved forward and her hands were behind her ass grabbing for my cock, which she took and put at the entrance to her slit. Then she pushed back, and I pushed forward, plunging my throbbing cock deep into her pussy, we slowly increased pace she pushed back, I humped and thrusted forward, from a slow in and out penetration, to an all out full speed fucking.
My hips slapping her ass, with a *thwack, over and over. She was moaning in unison with the fucking, her high pitched, "oh oh oh oh." "I'm cuuummmmmming," she screamed. Her pussy spouting juices all over my cock. But I did not stop. I stood her up, cock still inside her, hugging her, hands massaging her nipples, kissing the back of her neck. I helped her down, she was now on her kness, hands on the ground, ass in the air. I was fucking her as hard as I could, her ass smacking my hips over and over, her ass was bright red, her high pitched moans continued. She came again, her pussy contracting and milking my throbbing cock, it sent me over the edge shooting deep into her slit. We collapsed to the ground. "Ohhh, John that was amazing," Holly said.
"Holly you're so beautiful," I said, staring into her eyes. There was something about this woman, she was sexy doing anything. Here she was sweaty and leaking juices, hair messed up, sweat running all over her body. Yet she glowed with beauty in my eyes. Still laying on the carpet, I reached forward, taking one nipple into my mouth, sucking on it. I sucked on it for minutes, just sucking and sucking. She closed her eyes, gently moaning.
After a while of laying there I thought we were about to get up and re dress. She suddenly opened her eyes, looked at me and said "Want to go again?" she said. My cock twitched just from her saying that. We went back to the couch. I laid down, and she got on me, sixty-nine style. I ate her pussy, with her juices mixed with my cum running down her legs and inside of her. I worked on her clit, and her labia, as she deepthroated my hard cock. We stayed in this position, pleasing one another, until we were spent. We slipped back into bed, our bodies wrapped together in a tight hug that would loosen as we fell into slumber, before we awoke for the new day, and before we would rise for another typical day, just like the one before, and the one after.
Part VII: Dorm Activities
It was a Sunday morning. Holly had a study group all day Saturday, so I had not seen her, since Saturday morning. She told me she would stay in her dorm last nite if they ran late. Judging by the absence of her body in my bed, I was guessing they ran late. Holly, well at first my sex drive was greater than hers, but in recent weeks since she has gotten her vibrators, her sex drive has far exceeded mine. I need to play catch up. I wondered how horny she was, having had no sex in more than 24 hours. I brushed it all aside, to concentrate on some homework I needed done by tomorrow.
By one O'clock Holly hadn't come by, she usually comes over here, even when I'm not here. I check my phone for messages; none. Now I was really wondering what happened to her. I tried calling her cell phone, to no avail. So I went to my car, and drove into campus. I pulled into her dorm parking lot. I headed up the stairs, to her floor. Walking down the hall, plenty of open doors, to hot young girls, walking between rooms, chatting, laughing, studying. I came up to Holly's room, unlike the majority of the rooms, her door was closed. I knocked on the door. No answer. I knock again, still no answer. I turned the knob, and the door was unlocked, opening with a creak. I stepped into the room, closing the door behind me. Stepping into the room, I saw Holly's bed was empty. Where is she, I was wondering. Then I looked to Stephanie's bed. Looks like Stephanie had some more action, she was in bed, and there was definitely someone else in the bed with her.
I walk to her bed, and nudge her arm. Stephanie opens her eyes, seeing me. "Hey do you know where Holly is?" I whisper. Stephanie gives me a look, and just smiles. Then a head comes out from under the covers, its Holly.
"Hi John," Holly said, still nearly asleep.
"Wild night huh?" I said.
"You know me," Stephanie said. "I'm going to go take a shower," Stephanie said. She rose naked, grabbing a towel and wrapping herself, and going into the hallway. Holly motioned for me to sit next to her. I sat down on the edge of the bed.
"Hey babe," I said, and I leaned over and kissed her. "What were you two up to?"
"Last night her boyfriend broke up with her," She said.
"Isn't that a first?" I asked.
"She usually dumps them, but I think this guy broke her heart," Holly said.
"So, what? She's sad, and so you two sleep together?" I asked.
"You're not jealous are you?" she said provocatively.
"No, no, that's, babe, that's hot." I said...just to let you know...this was all pre Paris Hilton.
"Well I want you to do me a favor," She said.
"What's that?" I asked.
"Fuck her will ya?" She said.
"What?!?!" I said shocked.
"She needs a good fuckin, she is wound up so tight, she jumped me last nite," Holly stated.
"What, so do you just want me jump her when she gets out of the shower?" I asked incredulously.
"If she doesn't jump you first!" she played back at me.
"Now hold on a minute," I started, "It's one thing for some other girl," then I remembered the video store lady, "okay, some other girls to give me head, but this is different."
"John, it's just sex, not love," She said directly.
"I know, but, sex is more than just sex, I mean, with us that is not just fucking, its deeper than that it's a spiritual, emotional, affectionate, caring, expression of love and desire," I said passionately. "Don't you understand that? I mean, am I the only one feeling that?"
"No," she said smiling brightly. "But there are two kinds of sex. The first kind, the most important kind, love-making, love, whatever you want to call it, what you were just talking about, what we have. Then there is fucking, which is just two people...or more, delving into the pleasures of the flesh, and unleashing their sexual energy. It's two very different things."
"How do you know that?" I asked.
"What? Are you asking if I have cheated on you?"
"I don't know," I said.
"Well I haven't, I'm just saying that it's alright if you fuck her. Make love to her and we have a problem, but it's ok if you fuck her," She said.
"Well, does that mean I can 'fuck' any girl?" I asked, somewhat angry.
"No, I should be involved in the decision making process, but it's basically alright with me," She said.
"So does that mean you can 'fuck' anyone?"
"If that's okay with you," She said.
"So, what? Because it's okay for me to do it, then I can't not allow you to?" I accused.
"What! Where is this coming from, you know I fuck Steph," She said.
"No, that's different."
"How is that different?"
"That's fucking different, she's a girl," I said.
"Oh, so it's alright if I fuck a girl but not a guy?"
"I didn't say that."
"So you don't think we should fuck anyone else?"
"Well, I don't know. That's not exactly the norm so I didn't think we would. I knew you and Steph did, but that's different. I haven't really thought about it," I said, calming.
"John, I'm not talking about being the town whore. I just think we shouldn't constrain ourselves, and we should both have fun when we want to. It's just sex, fucking. That's just fun," Holly said. She moved next to me, and we hugged. "But what matters is that we are together, and we make love, that's something that is more important than anything else."
"Okay, so we can fuck other people, just as long as we are open about it and the love-making stays between us," I clarified.
"I think we understand each other," She said. "And right now I want you to go fuck my roommate," She said.
"Okay so, what do I do?" I asked.
Stephanie, still wet, with her towel wrapped around her from the armpits down to her thighs, blonde hair dripping, her small perky tits giving her bust a small flesh mound, walked back into the room. We had a trap laid for her. I was on her bed, on my back, naked, Holly's crotch was over my face, and I was eating her out, Holly sitting on my face, this meant that my cock was erect and in open air, Holly's back to it. Stephanie fell right into the trap. I am going to town on Holly's tight wet slit, she's moaning and breathing heavy, I think she is exaggerating to make a show of it. Next thing I know, Stephanie is mounting my cock. She straddles me and just plunges all the way in, riding me. Holly knows what is going on, she turns around, still on my face, so now those two are face to face. Stephanie probably didn't even notice until Holly started sucking her tits. Stephanie is riding my cock for all she is worth, her pussy is so tight she is strangling my cock. I am so turned on by this point, I go all out, I'm eating sucking, doing everything I can, tongue fucking, pulling out all the stops, full tilt, eating her out.
It doesn't take long before she is shaking and screaming, falling forward onto Stephanie, putting her face in Stephanie's tits. Holly gets up and goes over to her bed, lays down and pulls Stephanie's vibrator out and starts masturbating while watching us. "Is it that good?" Stephanie asks me.
"She seems to like it," I say. Stephanie switches around so that we are in a sixty-nine. She can suck a cock, still she can't deep throat like Holly can. But she can go very fast, and I think all the making out she does, helps with her tongue action. She is making out with my cock, and I am eating her wet love hole. A few minutes of this goes on, I'm getting close, but She slows down at the right times. Then Holly comes over, she starts using the vibrator on Stephanie's pussy, fucking her with it, while I keep working on her clit. It is too much for her, she cums, very wildly, she's screaming and squirting all over the place.
Holly goes back to her bed, doing the splits with her legs, so her pussy is spread eagle on the side of her bed. Stephanie gets up, and leans over , putting her hands on the floor, on all fours, she starts eating out Holly. Now Stephanie's ass is exposed behind her. I get up and get on my knees behind her, and without warning her, as she is at work now on Holly's pussy, I shove my cock in to the hilt in her pussy, and just start pounding away, with my hands on her thighs, pulling her to me, and thrusting into her, slapping ass and hips together, she is moaning into Holly, Holly is moaning. I am grunting with my thrusts. Stephanie cums first followed shortly after by Holly, juices squirting in Stephanie's mouth and on my cock, she is squeezing my cock with her pussy muscles.
At this moment I look to my left, and I realize that there are three girls standing in the doorway watching our threesome. The tallest, a redhead with medium tits, slightly on the thick side, but only when compared to these skinny girls, but definitely hot, has her hands down her pants, and there are two blondes about five foot tall each, with small breasts, skinny girls, watching, with smiles on their faces, obviously enjoying the show. "Hey girls," I say, still fucking Stephanie, who is still in the middle of her orgasm and still servicing Holly who is in her orgasm as well.
"Hi there stud," the redhead says.
"Need any help in there," one of the blondes says.
"No I think I got them under control," I said. Holly and Stephanie finally realizing what's going on, Stephanie pulls off my cock, and turns around so she is leaning back against the bed, Holly's pussy just behind her head. Holly looks at me
"Have you not come yet?" she asks.
"Nope," I say. Holly rolls over so that she is laying on her back, and her head is now just slightly above Stephanie's and she is on her side.
"Girls you might want to watch this part," Holly said.
She realized that I hadn't had sex in more than a day, and the usual pace we kept meant that a whole day without sex would leave me with a lot of jizz, not to mention we had been going at it for some time now, she knew it was going to be like a fucking half gallon of man juice. I stood up, my cock standing out at attention, where Holly can lean forward and suck me off, which is exactly what she does. The girls are still watching. The redhead walks in and sits on the pussy juice soaked bed behind me, then the two blondes take her lead and they stand on either side of me. They are looking down at my cock. Holly is sideways sucking me, almost deepthroating. Then I kneel a little bit and Stephanie can reach my cock. Stephanie strokes and licks and then she starts bobbing her head up and down back and forth. Holly says, "Shoot your fucking cum all over me." This put me over the edge. I pull out of Stephanie's mouth. I stroke my cock and aim for Holly's mouth, only a few inches away from it.
My first shot of jism if enormous. It seems to fill her mouth up in one shot, some of it splatters off the side of her cheek running down to Stephanie's eagerly awaiting mouth. The second shot I aim down at Stephanie, and it hits her in the forehead, this one is much smaller. The third shot is almost as big as the first and hits Stephanie in the chin, running down her neck onto her tits. Then I thrust into Holly's mouth, and she strokes my cock, milking me with her mouth, the jizz is still cumming into her mouth, she drools it out as it cums. The jizz is just running down her cheek and Stephanie is licking it off. I look over to my right and the blonde standing there, her jaw is as far down as it will go. "What you want me to stick my cock in there?" I ask her. The joke doesn't even register in her mind. She is focused on Stephanie, who is swallowing the runoff from Holly's mouth. Then the Blonde, kneels down and starts licking some of my cum off of Stephanie's tits, and up to her neck, then they start making out. My jizz is all over their mouths. Holly stands up and comes towards me, but the redhead intercepts her, and she plunges into her mouth, they make out for a few minutes. I grab my clothes and dress quickly, Holly does the same and we make a b-line for the door. Leaving in our wake, Stephanie and three girls, all with my jizz in as a centerpiece.
As she had said earlier, Holly held up and decided she wanted to watch some porn. She offered to go to the video store, but I told her we could get it free on the internet. We went back to my apartment and sat down at my computer. I went to my favorite clip site. She was now wearing a short skirt, no panties, and a blue t-shirt, and a pink bra. "What kind of porn do you want?" I asked.
"I don't know?" she said.
"Well there is guy on girl, there's lesbian, gangbang, facials, anal, hardcore, older ladies, amateur, and you name it."
She pointed at one link, "Try that one." I clicked on it and then clicked on the video. It was a girl on girl on guy threesome. The video started with the girls in a sixty-nine, then the guy joins in fucking one, while they stay in that position. Then they move to a bunch of other positions, and end with one of the girls swallowing the guys load, and then making out with the other girl.
"This seems familiar," she said. "I mean, didn't we just do this. I thought porn was like amazing stuff."
"How about this," I said, and I went to an interracial site, which I knew meant a cute little white girl, and a black guy with a massive cock.
"Jesus Christ," she said. "That thing is huge! I don't think I could even fit that in my mouth, it would be so unwieldy to have that, most women wouldn't touch it!" she said. Then we went to a bukkake site. She didn't know what it meant, but I did. This meant that there was a girl who would take about eight or nine loads of semen, there always seemed to be a guy coming, but no other girls. "Why are they cumming?" she asked.
"I think they have other girls off camera giving them head," I said, I was guessing.
"We could do this, it doesn't seem like it would be hard to make a porno," she said.
"Maybe we'll try it sometime, in the meantime, this stuff is getting me horny," I turn on a video of two hot girls showering, Holly pulls her skirt back and starts masturbating. My cock was fully erect, so I just whipped it out. Holly grabbed it and without any messing around mounts me in the chair, I am sitting, resting back in the chair, her legs draped around the sides of the back of the chair. She starts grinding her pussy into me. I pull her shirt off, and start sucking on one of her breasts, my arms are wrapped around on her back. We kept grinding like this, then we moved to doggy style on the floor for a while. We would eventually collapse in an orgasmic pile of body parts and cum and juice.
Part 8 : Dorm Showers
I woke up, Holly and I in a heap together, on her bed in her dorm. I could taste her juices in my mouth, but I can't remember what happened last night. Her bed is considerably smaller than mine, so I don't sleep here with her, but whatever we did last nite, I ended up with her in her bed. I laid there looking at the ceiling, Holly was still asleep. Holly still had a shirt and jeans on, I had boxers and a shirt on. I looked over to Stephanie's bed. I could see two girls in there. I think it was Stephanie and the redhead. I tried to lay there and not disturb Holly for a while, but she woke up. "What did we do last nite?" I asked her.
"I taste cum," she said.
"I taste your pussy," I said.
"Must have been good whatever it was," she said smiling at me. I needed a shower, and Holly said "I need a shower."
"Me too," I said.
"Follow me," she said. She led me by the hand, to the floor community shower. She peeked inside and saw that it was empty, and led me inside.
The shower was about ten feet wide and twenty feet long, one big room, tiled floor, and shower heads lining the walls, and drains on the floor. I followed her to he far wall. She stripped naked, hanging her clothes on a rack, I followed suit. We both turned on shower heads and started to cleanse ourselves. We had a mutual shower, where I washed her and she washed me. I think you get very clean when you have someone that wants to feel you washing you. I know she was squeaky clean. I paid special attention to her tits, and her nipples responded. The hot water started to steam up the room. "Are you sure I am allowed to be in here?" I asked her.
"Ohh yeah don't worry about it," She reassured me. She was soaping up my cock and playfully stroking me, as I was petting her breasts. I pushed her against the tile wall. I knelt down between her legs, feeling her smooth legs, and her wonderfully round ass. I started to lick her clit, just gentle, this wasn't a fuck session, just some pleasure. We didn't always do things till we came, it was perfectly fine for her to give me head and then I give her head and neither of us cum, it's very sensual.
After a few minutes of performing oral on her, she pulled me up to passionately kiss me, her juices flowing through our mouths. "I love you so much baby," I said. She turned me around, to lean against the wall, she knelt down and gave me slow sweet head. She soaped up on of her fingers and pushed it just a little bit up my ass. It was slightly uncomfortable, but it felt good. "Stephanie teach you that?" I asked her.
"Ya," she responded, taking her mouth off my cock. I could feel her hot breath on me. Holly's back was to the shower entrance, and I was facing it. Stephanie and the redhead strolled in, with tangled mess of hair, and they were hand in hand, as Holly and I had been. They went to a shower in the middle of the room. Holly didn't know they had entered, until they turned on their shower heads. She suddenly pulled off my throbbing hot cock, and stood up, like she had just been caught. She turned around her tits hanging off her chest, twisting with her body, swaying. She saw it was Stephanie and the Redhead. "Ohh its only Steph and Rachel" she said relieved.
Those two were teasing me, looking at me as they licked each other, tongues together, tongue to nipple, etc. Rachel dropped to her knees and started giving head to Stephanie. Holly and I were enjoying the show. "Are they a couple?" I asked Holly.
"I'm not sure," she replied. "Oh fuck," Holly said. "What?"
"We forgot to get towels," she said. "We can't get dressed wet either," she said. Having finished our cleansing experience, "Oh well lets just walk back naked," she said. I wondered if she had done that on purpose, she was always pushing the envelope. I was game, we walked hand in hand out of the shower into the hallway. It was a good thirty yards to her dorm. We walked naked, I kept looking over, loving the way her breasts swayed and bounced and jiggled as she stepped. It was an all girls floor, so for her this was no big deal. And anytime a guy has a good reason to walk naked through a woman's building is a good thing. We got some stares, and smiles. Just four doors from her dorm one of the blondes from before, the five foot tall girl stopped us.
"Hey Holly," she said.
"Hi Jenny," Holly said.
"Hi John," Jenny said, looking right at my semi hard cock.
"I think he wants some attention," Jenny said.
"Really?...hmmm," Holly said, giving me a funny look.
There were the three of us, and about four or five girls down the hall behind us, and two or three in front of us, just hanging around. Holly pushed me against the wall. She whispered in my ear, "want me to suck you off in front of all these girls?" I just looked at her, and she knew the answer. She dropped to her knees. Holly started deepthroating me, and kept it up. Jenny just stood there staring. A few girls from down the hall had noticed and walked over to watch. After a minute there were six or seven girls standing in a circle around me and Holly, Watching her deepthroat my cock. They were amazed when she jammed my cock all the way down my throat and licked my balls. I wasn't going to last much longer so I pulled her up, turned her around, bent her over and just started fucking the shit out of her pussy as fast and vigorously as I could. I held on to her by her tits, flopping about in my hands.
Some of the girls had started making out with each other. Jenny got down on her knees right next to the cock pussy pounding duo, and was watching us work. I could tell Holly was close her pussy was contracting on my cock. Her moans became audibly louder, and faster. Soon her moans were nearly squeaks of passion her noises were so high pitched. I knew I was going to blow soon, so I tried my best to hold off until Holly came. "Ohhhh John im Commming!!!" she screamed, her pussy sucked on my cock. I knew that Jenny had been very interested in my cum load the other day, and now she was sitting right next to me, she was wearing a t-shirt with the university name on it and tight blue jeans. Her small breasts were braless poking out. I made a decision, I don't really know why. I pulled out of Holly's orgasming pussy, turned a little to my right and jizzed all over the face of little Jenny. It splattered off her forehead, into her hair, down her cheeks and down her neck. She was very surprised. Some of the girls got a kick out of it and were laughing. Holly turned around and got on her knees sucking the remaining juices from my cock. Then she turned to Jenny, who was sitting there, covered in spunk, and violently pushed her back to the ground, licking all over her, getting the jizz, making out.
This site had my cock getting hard again already. So I got behind Holly who had her ass somewhat in the air, face on Jenny's. I started to fuck Holly doggystyle. Slowly at first getting my cock back to full attention. Then I went wild, going as fast as I could manage, her ass was red and sore. Her nipples were being tweaked by Jenny. Our crowd had grown. Holly had another orgasm much sooner than I had anticipated. I knew it would take a lot to make me come again, so I picked her up and took her back to her room. The crowd stayed standing around Jenny, who was now spunk and saliva covered on the ground. I could hear Stephanie back in the group, "Let's all lick her clean." I turned back and saw that Stephanie was starting a makeout session with jenny on the floor.
Back in the privacy of her room, we dried off, and got dressed. Holly in a tight black skirt, and no panties, and a white t-shirt that was almost see through, no bra underneath. "That was amazing," she said.
"You like being watched don't you?" I asked her.
"It was exhilarating, seeing all those people watch me suck your cock, and you fucking me."
"It was hot," I said.
"That was so funny, when you splattered Jenny," she said, "I couldn't believe you did that, she definitely enjoyed the taste of you cum though."
"I just thought she could use some refreshment," I said. Holly just laughed at me. We dressed and headed out. She really wanted to go to the Adult video store. So I drove there, there wasn't a crowd in the hall anymore.
We entered the Adult Video Store. We went back to the toys again. This time the store wasn't dead. There were five couples in there and two guys on their own. In the toys section we saw the assortment of vibrators and dildos. "How about this?" I asked.
"What for?" she asked back.
"For you and Stephanie," I replied. The object in question was a strapon dildo. It was a small dildo, about six inches long, but thick.
"Oh I see what you mean," Holly replied. "How about some of this," She said, pointing to a tube of anal lube.
"Why, you want to have anal sex?" I asked her.
"I want to try it," she responded. What a lucky guy I am...no begging, no pleading, she initiates...
"Okay, let's get both," I said. We took both items and went to the next isle. There were a lot of porn videos, some weird ones, some normal looking ones. She picked one up. "Give me an A, an erotic thriller about teachers and students, hmm sounds interesting, I bet it has excellent acting," she said.
"Well let's get that too," I said. We headed up to the counter to check out. As we were walking out the door, we ran into a couple that was walking in. They were mid thirties, average looking, she was about five nine with small tits. We bumped into each other in the doorway.
"Excuse me," Holly said. Her tits had bumped into the girl's chest, their tits pushing together. As we went around each other Holly turned back to look at the girl, and the girl looked back. Holly lifted up her skirt flashing her pussy at the woman.
"You are starting to be quite the exhibitionist," I said.
"Isn't it great" she said.
We got into my car, and for the short drive to my place, she decided to completely undress. "Am I distracting?" she said, innocently.
"Nope, you ugly ugly girl," I said sarcastically, as I was obviously sporting a hard on. She just laughed at me. I carried our purchases in a plastic bag, and Holly carried her clothes to my apartment, she led the way walking much faster than me, and opened the door with her key. Once inside she threw her clothes on the floor and laid down on the couch, face down. I came in behind her, putting down our sex items. She grabbed her ass.
"Want to fuck this?" Holly asked me.
"I'll have to think about it." I responded. "Wait, I thought we 'made love'," I said.
"No, I said only we make-love. We do both...aren't you paying attention?"
"Apparently to the wrong things," I said.
She was on the bed, on her hands and knees. I undressed beside the bed to join her. She had a hand between her legs, frigging herself. I got up on the bed, on my knees behind her. My cock was hard already. I started to fuck her pussy, slowly I couldn't come for a while. I got her worked up and got my cock nice and wet. Then I grabbed the bottle of anal lube. I squeezed some on my cock, it made a squirting noise, and I stroked it all over my cock with my hand. Then I squeezed some onto the tips of the fingers on one hand. I started to finger her ass, first one finger, then two. I slowly ass fucked her with my fingers, and with my other hand I was massaging her pussy, and she was massaging her clit and moaning. "You ready baby," I asked her softly.
"Yes," she said, trying to sound confident. I stood up on the bed, having to kneel down some, I pulled out my fingers, and put my head at the entrance to her ass. Her ass cheeks a beautiful round figure, surrounded the entrance.
I pushed as the head had to spread her fleshy opening. Slowly I pushed as the head went in, massaging on her pussy continued the whole time. She was quiet, in some pain. I continued to push until my cock was halfway into her ass. "Are you okay?" I asked.
"Yes," she said, "You can go deeper." I pushed slowly and it took some force, till my cock was balls deep in her ass. "Stay right there don't move," She said. Her asshole was so tight that the throbbing of blood vessels in my cock felt almost like I was fucking her, when I wasn't moving. She allowed my cock to stay inside her, stretching her asshole. "Okay move slowly," she said. I complied. I fucked her tight ass slowly in and out, after a few minutes, she wasn't able to handle it anymore, I pulled out and shoved my cock balls deep into her pussy, and she orgasmed instantly, the constant massaging and cock in her ass had gotten her up, but the deep fucking had awaken her pussy, streaming juices on my cock. I continued to fuck and used my hands on her pussy, till she orgasmed a second time milking my cock to cum deep inside her pussy. We laid there, making out for seemingly hours as we returned from the depths of pleasure.
"So how was it, taking the anal plunge that is," I said.
"It hurt some, but not as much as I thought it would."
"So, do you think it's something you will like after a few time," I asked.
"Oh yeah, it did feel good, how was it for you?"
"I think that when I can fuck you ass we will both enjoy it." I said.
"I know what you mean."
Part 9 : Pornos
We eventually watched the porno. The title screen: Give me an A, an erotic thriller about teachers and their students. We watched it like it was any other movie, sitting on the couch, eating popcorn. The movie fades from black, to a hot female 'teacher', that looked like a porn star. She was wearing a black skirt and blouse, looking somewhat slutty but business like as well. The blonde had huge fake tits. She was sitting grading papers at her desk. The set was quite obviously in someone's house and not at a school, probably in someone's living room. "See that's like in a house or apartment," she said, "we could do that" The teacher went on grading for about a minute, then a tall male 'student' walked into the screen. He looked about the same age as the woman. "They're the same age!" Holly said.
"Mrs. Turner," The man said, deep voice.
"Yes Jake," the woman replied, with a fake business voice, that said your wasting my time.
"I need to know what I can do to get that A," he said.
"Well Jake you'rejust not cutting it, I don't know what you can do," She said.
"Please I need to get an A or I lose my football scholarship," He said.
"Intriguing storyline, dumb jock lonely teacher," I said.
"I'll do anything!" he said.
"Anything?" she asked.
"Wow that turned to sex pretty quickly," I said.
"Yeah it did, but then again, so did we," Holly winked at me.
"Strip," Mrs. Turner said.
The man said, "Oh you want to see this," grabbing his crotch. The 'teacher' walked around to the front of her desk, leaning back onto it, with 'Jake' in front of her.
"Pull it out big man," she said. The guy pulled his jeans off and whipped out his cock. He was hung, about eight inch cock, hanging between his legs. Then there was a great shot, the camera zoomed in on her face, from behind the guy between his legs. She was licking her lips. The teacher kneeled down and started giving the guy head.
"I thought he was going to do something for her?" Holly said.
"He is, she needs cock, don't women just need big cocks?" I asked her sarcastically.
"I enjoy giving you head, because I love to please you, and you do the same for me, but she barely knows this guy and she's sucking him off like she worships his cock as her god or something," Holly said.
"Suck me bitch," the man said in the background.
"Well this is porn, that's how it works, most people don't want to see sensual, they want fucking, and most of the people are guys so they want fucking horny girls, girls that just need cock," I said.
"Are there really girls like that?" she asked me.
"Well I would think that you are close to that, we have so much sex, but I think there are girls that just sleep with anyone they want, I think they're called nymphomaniacs," I said.
"There's really girls like that?" she asked incredulously, as the duo on screen had gone to fucking on her desk.
"Well I'm not sure, I think there probably are, but it might just be a porn myth, since every porno seems to have one," I said. We both turned back to the movie, the girl was bent over her desk taking it in the ass now, she was screaming.
"What? She isn't cumming already?" Holly said.
"It's porn she's faking it, she'll fake it a few times," I said.
"Do you think I look good enough to be a pornstar?" Holly asked me.
"Holly you're hotter than that fake slut, fake tits, probably plastic surgery too," I said. Then came the cumshot, where he blasted her face. "Hey yours are bigger than that!" Holly said "Maybe you could be a pornstar."
"Holly, I think you're right. You are one lucky woman to have me," I said laughing.
The movie moved on to a male teacher, and two female students, sitting in their chairs, presumably after class. They have the same kind of conversation, resulting in the girls performing a tag team blowjob and cumswapping. "This seems kind of familiar too," Holly said. The movie then went on to a hot Female teacher, and her two female students, again they talked about grades, and then they went into a lesbian threesome. "This just got very interesting," Holly said excited. I moved over, kissing her, and rolled onto our sides, on the couch making out. We laid there kissing, and exploring our clothed bodies, and watching the show of tits and pussies. The scene lasted longer than the others before giving way to the final scene. This scene was an older female teacher and three male students, the dialog didn't really matter. It of course ended up in a gangbang. The woman would straddle one, moving up and down while sucking another and stroking the remaining cock. "This is getting me horny," Holly said.
"Why, do you want to fuck three guys at once?" I asked.
"Would you want to fuck three girls at once?" she responded, putting the situation into perspective. We laid there as the movie finished, Holly went into the bedroom, to work on her homework.
I got on the internet and went to a porn site. I found one that seemed classy, comparatively. This site was called The Sex Palace, they had the standard kind of movies, and they had a section of amateur porn, movies couples send them. I e-mailed the webmaster, asking him if submissions received monetary compensation. I did this on a whim, from the discussion earlier, not thinking anything of it. I went into the bedroom, Holly was studying, she had to find time to keep up, with all her classes, her job, and with, well fucking me. I sat down at the end of the bed, her books laid out in front of her. "I need to study, we can't fuck right now," Holly said.
"But we just watched a porno I need to do something about this," pointing at the tent in my pants.
"Go see Stephanie, she'll fuck you," Holly said.
"Are you serious?" I asked her.
"She could use it, she plays the part of an experienced girl that needs nothing from nobody, but she's really not."
"You want me to just go to your dorm room, and fuck your roommate."
"If you're really that horny, I need to study."
"You did this on purpose didn't you. Yeah, this is a grand conspiracy to get me to fuck Stephanie."
"Yes John, I sit around thinking of great schemes to get my boyfriend laid," She said sarcastically.
"I bet it was hard to do, you are dieing to fuck right now. You don't care at all if I fuck other girls?" I asked.
"I love you John, and I know that you love me, if you fuck some other girl it doesn't change any of that. And you caught me, I am dieing to fuck you right now, but I won't because I have to really study. Now get on stud, somewhere there is a girl waiting for some cock," She said.
I stepped out of the stairwell, and onto Holly's floor. I am not sure what my intentions were, I don't think I was going to fuck Stephanie, but just hang out and talk, I am not sure. It doesn't matter. Halfway down the hall, a drunk girl was walking towards me, she was walking erratically, she bumped into me, and knocked me against a door, with a thud. The girl kept on walking, I stopped and looked back as she stumbled down the hall. Suddenly the door opened behind me, and an arm pulled me inside quickly. I turned around and the girl closed the door, locking it.
"uhh Hello," I said.
"You're early," she said. The girl was about five eight, my height. She had curly brown short hair, and green eyes. She had small tits, and a completely shaven pussy, something Holly didn't ever do. This girl was completely naked, and aroused judging by the stiffness of her nipples, and the glistening of her pussy.
"Who do you think," she cut me off by attacking my mouth with her tongue. She jumped onto me, wrapping her legs around me, and holding herself up with her arms, aggressively kissing and licking my mouth. After only a few seconds, she pulled back.
"What the fuck are you waiting for?" she said. She released her grip on my body standing in front of me now.
"But I'm not who," she cut me off again.
"Fuck me now damnit!" she almost screamed. I don't know who she thought I was, but now I didn't care. I pulled off my shirt, and she immediately went for my pants. My clothes were soon in a pile on the floor.
"You didn't bring one did you," she asked me getting mad, "haaa," she breathed, walking to her dresser pulling out a condom, throwing it at me. I hadn't used a condom but a few times with Holly; but she had been on the pill for some time now, but it was smart to be safe with this girl, I had only ever had sex with two girls, head from a few, but now I was going to fuck a girl I didn't know, it was smart to be safe. I put the love glove on my stiffening cock. The girl who hadn't told me her name yet, jumped onto me again, wrapping her legs around me, our naked bodies together, I held her with my arms. She managed to shove my cock into her dripping pussy, and she started fucking me, hanging in the air, holding herself up.
She was driving me wild. I walked forward to the bed. She got me so hot I was determined to fuck her as hard as I could. It seemed like I was trying to push my cock through her pussy, nailing her to her bed, the noises the bed made told the story. Her deep grunts and my heavy breathing took over our senses. Then there was a knock on the door. "Don't worry Cory my roommate is out of town," she said. I stopped pumping my cock into her hot slit.
"Who's Cory?" I asked her, giving away to her what I had known for some time, I wasn't who she was expecting.
"Then who are...that must be Cory,"
"Why are you fucking a guy you've never seen before?" I asked her. She told me about an internet site for fucking strangers. She pushed me up and got up to go answer the door. She let Cory in. Boy did he look surprised to see me. The guy looked nerdy, he was short and had glasses.
"Who's that?'" He said sounding mad.
"Well, actually, I don't know," she said. I was sitting on the side of her bed, cock pointing out. She was standing in the middle of the room, I stood up right next to her, and I poked her in the side with my cock. She kneeled down, taking my hint, and sucked on my cock. She waved for Cory to come over.
He walked over next to her. She stopped sucking my cock "Whip it out, I'm not going to do it for you, and you'd better have brought a condom," she said. He seemed very reluctant to do so, but he did. He had brought a condom, apparently she was tired of giving them away. The guy had a small dick. He was only about four inches long and it wasn't thick. He put on the condom, She was too busy on me to notice. He let his cock in the air next to her face. She pulled her mouth off of my wet cock, and started laughing. "You said you were hung like a horse," she said, still laughing.
"Well he's not that big," Cory said trying to strike back at whatever he could.
"He never told me he was hung like a horse, and he knows how to use his cock, which is a lot bigger than yours anyway," she said. She went back to work sucking and pushing my cock deeper into her throat. He just stood there for a while as she tried to deepthroat my cock. She wasn't as good as Holly, but still good. She threw her hands in the air as if to say oh well, and she pulled off me and turned to suck his small dick. She continued to stroke mine slowly as if to say 'don't go anywhere'.
After a little giving him head, she stood up. "Lay down on the floor," she told me. I obliged, and she aligned her pussy over my vertical cock. She lowered herself onto my cock. She was facing away from me, moving up and down on my cock with her tight hot wet hole. I held onto her ass giving me a grip to help her up and down on my hard cock. She pulled Cory by the dick in front of her, and she deepthroated him, very easily, maybe deep isn't the right word. She continued to suck and stroke him as she humped my throbbing cock. "Fuck! Already!" she said mad. Cory had cum in his condom in her mouth. "That was it, I was going to switch you guys positions but your fucking done already," she said. The guy, dejected, went to the bed and sat down, watching her fuck me, she was going so hard, she would almost pull all the way off then slam her pelvis balls deep on my cock. Her small tits bouncing, she orgasmed gasping for air and screeching, as her pussy throbbed and grasped my cock, her body convulsing.
Cory sat there watching and stroking his cock. He came over and poked his newly hard dick into her face, as if to say "I'm not done bitch." She was still humping me. She stood up, "Okay so your not done. Get on the floor." He did so, as I got up. She sat down on his cock, fucking very fast and short stroked. She was facing towards him, I stood my feet on either side of his head, she moving up and down deepthroated my cock again. She was moaning, sucking and licking my cock, which was covered in her juices. I was close to coming. I stepped back from her. I pulled the condom off tossing it aside, and stepped back close to her. She stroked my cock hard trying to get me to come, knowing why I had taken my condom off. I shot my huge load on her face, shot after shot after shot of thick jizz on her face, running down her neck and cheeks. "Holy fuck!" she said. Rubbing it in her face and her. "mmmmm," she moaned massaging my jism into her face. "Thanks," I said putting my clothes on.
"No thank you," she said, as I left.
I got home and found Holly still studying. "Have a good time?" she asked.
"Yeah, but I wasn't with Stephanie," I said.
"Then Who?" she asked, "Details, come on!" she was genuinely excited.
"I don't know her name," I said. "She lives on your floor," I told her, describing the girl I had fucked a few minutes ago.
"I think that's Sara," She said. "I thought she was a prude, she would never do anything with the girls, kind of a shut in."
"Ya well I bumped her door, and she pulled me into her room to fuck me, then a guy knocked on the door, she met him on this internet site for meeting people, and when I hit her door, she thought I was him. Well she fucked both of us."
"Really!?! What's the site?" I told her the name of it. "Well have to check that out," she said. I left her to study and went back to my computer.
I went to the site 'Sara' I had told me about. Seems there was a whole directory of people that you could arrange meeting with. It required a credit card, and I was leery of using mine on the internet. "Maybe later," I thought out loud. I checked my e-mail. I had a reply from the webmaster of The Sex Palace. It said that if I was interested in sending in my own porn he would pay me $250 for the first one, and if he liked it he would offer me a contract for around $1000 per movie, depending on the quality, if he didn't like the first one he would pay $250 for up to three more times. If he didn't like any of them enough to offer us a contract, he wouldn't pay us for any additional submissions but would review them. This could end our problems of time I thought. If we made $1000 dollars a movie, we could make one a week, and have tons of money. Holly could quit her job, and we could concentrate on our studies and on each other. I checked my bank account online. I had just over six hundred dollars saved up. Then I surfed e-bay for a video camera. I bid on one, four hundred dollars, it was good quality, but used. I went to a manufacturer's site. I found a very good camera, one that we could make high quality digital films, and upload them onto computer instead of mailing, it was over a thousand dollars. Maybe if we get a contract I thought. "Hey Holly come look at this," I said, pulling the email back up.
Part X: The Film
I explored The Sex Palace's free section. They had lots of amateur videos. The free section consisted of ten to fifteen second clips of just a few videos. The members section it said had over a thousand separate videos, each around ten to twenty minutes long. The membership fee was fifteen dollars a month, or one hundred twenty five for a whole year. I wanted to see some of the videos to get a feel for what I should do, but id didn't want to pay. I e-mailed him asking if I could get a free membership for a day, but he said that he had had many people e-mail him with the same inquiry, only they didn't really have porn to submit, they were trying to trick him into free porn. He said that if I delivered a movie to him then he would give me a limited membership, and if we were good, he would give us a free membership. I watched the free section movies, some where bad angles and zoomed way out, like a camera was just set on a shelf. The camera I bought on e-bay arrived in the mail, two days after I got the extra battery and set of tapes I ordered from a supply site. Holly was back in her hometown, it was the end of our freshman year, and her little brother was graduating from high school, something that seemed like ages ago to me. She left yesterday morning and wouldn't return until Monday afternoon, and today was Friday. I told her not to masturbate or have any sex until she got back and that I would do the same. She asked why, I think she knew anyway, but I told her it was a surprise. I spent the rest of the day acquainting myself with the video camera and trying to decide how to make our video. What would it be, would we have some theme, like teacher and student, or a delivery man, or should I pick her up on the street acting like we've never met, offering her money to come with me. I've seen videos of all of those, but none of them seemed very good. I eventually came up with my idea.
Stephanie called me on Saturday, asking me to come fuck her, since she was lonely without Holly. "Please, I know you get around with plenty of girls on your floor, you should try Sara, she's horny" I said.
"No, I need a cock!" she said.
"Well I'm saving myself for when Holly gets back," I said.
"Fuck that, come over here!" she said.
"No, I told you I'm saving myself for Holly."
Thirty minutes later Stephanie came knocking on my door. I let her in. "Saving yourself huh?" she said, seeing that I was watching porn. She went into the bedroom and found Holly's little pink toy, and the strap on I had bought her but had yet to use. Stephanie brought them back into the living room. "What is this for?" she asked.
"Well I got it for Holly and you to use, but apparently you haven't." Stephanie stripped naked sitting on the couch behind me, I was continuing to flush out my idea, watching some porn for ideas, and mapping it all out in my head. I could hear her moaning using, the little pink toy on her clit. I turned back toward her giving her a stern look, saying I'm saving myself don't try it. I turned back to the computer, after a minute I turned back at hearing a weird noise. She had fitted the strapon to her body, and she was jerking off her dildo, smiling devilishly. "Okay fine, I'll give you head, and use the vibrator, but you can't touch my dick," I said. I went over to her, whipping off the strapon and going to town on her pussy lips and clit, already soaking wet.
"Why are you doing this, why bother saving yourself, the pace you guys keep it shouldn't matter," she said.
"Leave it alone," I said.
"No really though, I mean you can do just as well with half a days rest as you can with three days rest, what's it matter?" she asked.
"Okay I'll tell you, if you're so insistent." I went on explaining how we were going to make our own porn video and she pestered me for the details, so I explained how it would all work.
"I want to help," she said.
"Well I guess... how about this"
Monday Afternoon came finally. The weekend seemed to take forever. Holly called me on her cell phone, saying she would be home in about twenty minutes. Time to shine I thought. I picked up the video camera, put in a fresh tape, and went into the bathroom. I pointed at the mirror, and hit record. "As you can see, I have covered the red light that turns on when you are recording,. My girlfriend will not think the camera is on at anytime." Turning the camera off and walking into the living room. Turning it back on, pointing at Stephanie, wearing a pink shirt, that had her nipples showing through, and sweat shorts, that showed the round of her ass well, but she was sitting, her shoulder length straight dark blonde hair hanging, and her small b-tits poking through. "This is my girlfriend's roommate in her dorm," I narrated, "She will serve as our cameraman when the time comes, but when my girlfriend arrives, camera girl here will be hiding in the closet. Why don't you go ahead and get in there."
"Okay," she said rising. I followed her, walking and kneeling so that the camera documented her round ass in gray sweats striding to the bedroom and into the closet, which I closed enough that she could see out but not be seen. I shut off the camera.
"Good, good," I said, letting her out. "Okay you know what to do don't you," I asked.
"Don't worry. I got it down," she said. Steph stayed in the bedroom and I walked into the living room. I turned the camera back on.
"Well, she will be here any minute, I will set the camera right here," I said, putting it on a ledge, pointing it at the door and couch. "This will document her arrival," I said turning the camera off. Steph came into the living room.
"This is going to be exciting," she said. I stood watching out the window, when Holly drove up Steph ran for the closet. I ran to the camera, and turned it on, it pointing at me, and I left it there running, and ran to the couch to sit down, turning on the TV to espn. Holly unlocked the door and came in, she was wearing a large college sweatshirt, gray, and tight jeans. Her brown hair was cut recently and ran down to about her jaw, wrapping around her beautifully shaped cheeks. Her big C tits were only a little noticeable in the loose sweatshirt.
I turned off the TV and stood up to greet her. I pushed her against the door kissing her neck, she raised her head letting me suck and lick her neck. "I've got something special in mind," I said rather loudly, not knowing the audible sensitivity of the camera, which at that moment I realized I hadn't tested. She stood against the door, and I walked over to the desk picking up a cloth. I walked back to her, "Put this on," I said. I helped her tie the blindfold over her eyes. She was giggling,
"This is new," she said excitedly. I pulled her sweatshirt up and over her head, releasing her tits hanging on her chest, so perky and round. Her sweatshirt fell to the floor. "John, can I take a shower before we do this?" she asked.
"uhmm, sure I guess so, but you have to leave the blindfold on." I said, contemplating the changes in the plan. I led her into the bathroom, sitting her down on the top of the closed toilet seat.
"Wait right here," I said, "No peeking." I walked out into the living room grabbing the camera and coming into the bedroom. I grabbed the little pink toy, and opened the closet door; letting Steph out, whispering to her and to the camera, "She wants to take a shower, so you stand on the side filming over the side." Stephanie nodded, and I handed the camera over to her, and she turned it on me.
Stephanie followed me into the bathroom, she stood in the doorway, as I stood up Holly and undressed her completely. She had shaved her pubic hair off, clean. I tightened the blindfold. I played with her tits a little bit, before I undressed myself. I turned on the hot water letting it warm up, before helping Holly step into the shower. I could feel Stephanie standing right behind me. I stepped into the shower behind Holly. I glanced behind me. Stephanie stood on the side of the tub and held the camera over the top of the curtain bar. She must not have liked her view. She stepped down, and opened the back of the curtain. She was sitting on the side of the tub holding the camera at just above private height. I was rubbing my hands over Holly, I turned us around so that she was facing the camera, blindfolded, and I was facing her back, my hands were exploring her tits, and her ass. I soaped up and massaged and rubbed her tits, getting them soapy. She was gently moaning. I put one hand down to her pussy lips, massaging her opening. I stepped around her, so that I was face to face with her, and she was facing the camera, with me in between the two. I got down on my knees. I made sure to have my head to one side so that the camera would get a view, other than the back of my head. I licked very lightly the opening of her love slit, and used my hands al over her body. I was making her want it so bad. She continued to moan gently.
"You want me to just fuck you, don't you?" I said.
"YES!!" she yelled, trying to get me to just pound her.
Instead I played with her nipples some more, and started laughing when she started whining, and pouting her lips, saying, "please, please."
"First you do something for me," I said standing up. Holly immediately kneeled down, and with her hands found my hard cock. And started to suck me slowly, and her hands were on my ass, grabbing. She just gave me gentle sweet head for a little bit. Then I helped her stand up and I knelt down and gave her head. I licked her pussy furiously, tongue fucking her. Then I helped her sit down and lie back in the tub bottom. I turned off the water. I pushed the Shower curtain all the way to the front off the shower, so that it was open for Stephanie to find a good view. I parted Holly's legs, and she had one split straight out of the tub, and the other leg straight up and on the wall. Her pussy was spread wide open. I went on with eating her out, her juices flowing filly my mouth, Stephanie was standing just off the side, leaning over, camera just a foot and a half above Holly's pussy. I started finger fucking her with two fingers as I continued with tongue action and sucking her clit. My other hand was up at her tits.
"John," Holly kept repeating in a whisper between panting and moaning. I pulled my fingers sopping with juices out of her pussy and I gently pushed one into her ass, and then two, gently stroking, in her fucking tight asshole, and I kept licking and tonguing her wet slit. The ass fingering was too much as she climaxed, squirting juices in my mouth and running down onto my hand in her ass. She arched her back, screaming, "Ohh Fuck, John, Ohhh!!!" I continued, quickening my pace, eating her out, and fingering her ass. "I want to make you cum again, I want you to never forget this," I said.
"Ohh john, ohhh YESS!" she was screaming as my breath hit her pussy, and I returned to eating her as fast as I could. She orgasmed a second time. I continued. I moved to finger fucking with two fingers in both of her holes, and licking her clit. Her third orgasm followed. I picked up her little pink toy, which I had set next to the tub. I turned it on and massaged her clit with it, still licking and sucking on her pussy, now my hand that had been in her pussy I moved up to her mouth, where she sucked her juices off of me. I massaged stroked and fingered here until she orgasmed for a fourth time. Her excitedness, heavy breathing, and moaning were running together from all four of her orgasms. I finally pulled my fingers out of her ass, turned off the vibrator, setting it on the floor, and stood up.
She laid there breathing heavily, and collecting herself, she started to reach up for her eyes. "No No," I said, stopping her quickly, "We aren't done," I said.
"Ohh John, please let me please you," she said.
"Don't worry," I said. I helped her stand up, and out of the tub. Stephanie backed up, standing in the doorway. I toweled off Holly and then myself. I stood behind her, my cock was poking the small of her back, and I hugged her tight, walking and leading us into the bedroom. Stephanie backed up out of the door way, and then waited for us to pass by. I took holly over to the bed. I laid her face down. Stephanie kneeled down next to the bed. I got on the bed behind Holly, and pulled her up to her knees, and down on all four. I was on my knees behind her. Stephanie was right next to the cock pussy combination. I pushed my throbbing cock into her extremely wet pussy. I fucked her all out, no gentleness here.
Her round ass was smacking me in the hips, and my cock was going balls deep and out, her hot tight pussy was contracting down onto my cock. I leaned forward resting my head and chest on her back. My hands went to her tits, pinching her hard nipples. We continued fucking until her fifth orgasm tried to milk my cock. I was close to coming. I picked up the mass of sweaty shaking screaming flesh that comprised Holly and set her down on the floor, she was on her knees in front of me, her mouth open and moaning, waiting for my thick cum. I took the camera away from Stephanie, who was standing right beside me. I was moaning into the camera, as Holly took my cock into her mouth. I held the camera from my point of view. "Suck it baby," I said. She sucked me hard and fast. I pulled back.
"Oh come on me baby, I want your jizz," she said. I held my cock in one hand, camera in the other. I knew I was going to cum about a fucking gallon. I pointed my cock at her forehead. I stroked my cock and it was making squishing noises from her juices and saliva on my cock. I could feel it coming. My first shot was massive, it streamed from my cock for seemingly several seconds, my cum hit her forehead and streamed down a straight line on her face, down her nose to her mouth, and was pouring into her mouth, then the second shot seemed to last forever, it blasted come over her head and trailed down to her hair, I think I shot nine times, the last three on her waiting tongue, all in all her entire face was creamed with my white goo, her hair sticking together, and it was running down her cheeks and neck onto her tits.
She had already swallowed what was in her mouth, and was using her hands to scoop some off her cheeks and down to her waiting tongue, she kept moaning. "Fuck that was a lot of fucking cum, glad I have a blindfold on," she said. "Do it again," she said, and I started laughing, finally catching my breath from the ball draining experience. "I think I need another shower," she said.
"Not yet you don't," I said, handing the camera back to Stephanie, with her hand down her pants now. I pushed my softening cock into Holly's mouth, and she sucked on it like a lollypop. She sucked it very fast in and out, trying to get me hard again, she knew I wanted to fuck again, and wanted to please me for all my efforts. She sucked it so well I was hard again in less than two minutes, and she continued to suck, and started deepthroating me. I laid her down on the floor on all fours again.
I grabbed the tube of anal lube and the strapon dildo, handing the strap on to Stephanie. She strapped it on, and I opened the lube and squirted a bunch on her fake cock. It was white and about six inches long, quite thick. Stephanie started to stroke her dildo vigorously as I instructed her earlier. I lubed up my cock, and laid down next to Holly. I helped her to lay on top of me, facing up. Her head was on top of mine, facing away. I held her legs so they were split out to the sided wide, and up in the air I pushed my hard cock into her tight fucking ass hole. Stephanie was stroking with one hand and filming the assfucking with the other. I was rocking Holly back and forth forcefully on my throbbing cock in her ass. Her pussy was leaking juices down onto my cock. I had my tits on her tits, She was breathing heavily and moaning hard at the cock in her ass. "Fuck my ass, Fuck my ass John," she said. Then I motioned for Stephanie, and I held Holly's arms across her chest.
Then Stephanie, dildo in hand, camera in the other, got down and shoved her strap on into Holly's screaming wet pussy. "What the fuck!" Holly said. The dildo was warm from her stroking it and was lubed enough that Holly couldn't tell it was fake. Stephanie started vigorously fucking pounding Holly's pussy. I could feel the dildo rubbing on my cock through her ass. Holly was being filled in both holes. "Who is that?" Holly asked, more playfully this time, enjoying it. Neither of us answered. I continued to fuck her ass, Holly tried to reach for her blind fold, but I held her arms. She started laughing, "Ohh John, fuck, oh this is, wonderful," she said before going into a long high pitched scream of pleasure, her ass was throbbing and I could feel her pussy convulsing, her sixth orgasm of the day. Then Stephanie, as was planned pulled out and retreated to the closet, with enough opening to watch and film out the opening. I let go of Holly's arms, and she laid there panting, not moving. Just breathing, as if she wasn't aware she had arms at all. I sat her up, the helped her stand up.
"Are you going to take off your blind fold?" She seemed to suddenly realize that I would let her, or maybe she wanted to leave it on as long as I wanted. She pulled it off, looked around, turned around.
"Who was that?" she asked. "Who was the other guy?"
"Uhmm, well," I said.
"Ohh, that's why you came so much, there was two of you." She said, putting the wrong pieces together.
"Come out mystery man," I said. The closet door opened and out walked Stephanie, Shirtless, but with her strapon over her sweat shorts still, holding the camera still filming.
"You?" Holly asked. "You were filming?!!?" Holly said trying to sound mad, but her smile gave it away.
"Did you like making your first porno?" I asked her.
"Fuck it was awesome, I thought for sure you were a guy," she said pointing at Stephanie, "Ohhh, im still shaking". Stephanie stood right in front of Holly, me to their side. Stephanie handed me the camera, and as soon as it was turned around, Stephanie jumped Holly, licking all over her face, sucking my cum off of her face, and then making out with her. I continued to film, as they ended up on the ground licking cum up and all over. Stephanie sat up, with her ass on Holly's tits, jerking off her dildo, and pretending to come, she would gyrate and shake her fake cock, and spit on Holly's face, Holly started laughing, and they both giggled.
I continued filming and my cock was still hard from ass fucking, and now watching this, I got on my knees, laying my cock on Holly's forehead. Stephanie, scooted back, until her cock was in line with Holly's pussy. I was directly behind holly, the top of her head between my legs. Stephanie started to fuck Holly's pussy with her cock again. And I moved forward putting my cock on Holly's beautiful lips. She leaned her head back and started sucking. She reached her hands up to my ass and pulled guiding me to shove my cock down her throat, as her pussy was pounded. Stephanie laid down on top of Holly, and I pulled my cock out so that it was between their lips. They were both licking my cock up and down, and making out with a throbbing dick in the way. I came again it shot down, both of their mouths were working on the shaft, so it all, not nearly as much as the first time, shot to their meeting round tits. We all stood up, I still had the camera, and they took turns sucking my jizz of each others tits, and rubbing their breasts together. I turned off the camera and the three us ended up sleeping in the same bed, after we all showered the love juices off each other.
Part 11 : Surprises and Offers
We, Holly Stephanie and I, had watched our porno, and sent it off to California in the mail, awaiting a reply. If we did well enough, we could kiss our jobs and money problems goodbye. It was Thursday afternoon, Holly and I had laid on the couch watching TV since we ate lunch. The phone rang. "Hello," Holly said. Followed by several "Uh huh, yes, uh huh."
"Who was that?" I asked. "Stephanie, she's coming over, seems she signed up for a certain website, and arranged a meeting."
"Really?" I asked.
"She said she wanted to bring him over here, and we could all have sex."
"Okay" I said, "As long as its just some good fucking right?" I said smiling at my girl.
"That's fuckin right mister"
Holly put on her silk lingerie she purchased earlier, It had a hole in the crotch. She sat almost on me, on the couch, waiting for Stephanie. Stephanie knocked on the door "It's open," I said loudly. The door opened, Stephanie walked in, wearing tight jeans and a tight black blouse, no bra.
Behind her strolled in her date, "Hi I'm Ray," He said, putting his hand out, I shook his hand, and he offered his hand to Holly, who just stuck her hand down into her pussy. Stephanie and Ray sat together in the reclining chair.
"So Ray you've been using the service long?" I asked.
"Ohh, for about six months now," He said.
"How is it?" Holly asked.
"Well every girl I've meet has put out at our first meeting, its only for sex." He said.
"Are they hot, or are there ugly fat girls." I asked, using the ignorant red neck voice I had in my vocal arsenal. Holly laughed quietly.
"There's some of everything, if you just want hot blondes you can do that, and there's even couples on there looking for a third party for their marriage or whatever," He said.
"What's the weirdest thing you've done?" Holly asked.
"Nothing really, it's been just standard sex," He said.
"No foursomes or anything?" Stephanie asked him.
"Nope," Ray responded.
"That's about to change," Stephanie said.
"Well let's get started then," Holly said. Holly stood up from the couch, and stood in front of me, in her crotchless lingerie. Holly motioned for Steph and Ray to come over. Stephanie sat Ray down on the couch right next to me. Holly and Steph were standing over us now. "Here, let me get you out of these," Holly said, reaching for Steph's shirt. Steph returned the favor, removing Holly's lingerie. Soon they were both standing over us, naked, rubbing their chests together, teasing the two of us on the couch. Steph lowered herself, sucking on a nipple on her way down, she gave Holly's clit a few strokes of the tongue. "Ooooh, let's get started shall we," Holly said, turning to me, and Stephanie turning to Ray. Both girls side by side, on their knees in front of us. Holly between my legs, Stephanie between Rays. They simultaneously reached to our zippers.
"Synchronized Blowjobs, the new Olympic sport" I said, smiling, getting no laughs in return,"No?..okay."
The hands unzipped and pulled down boxers, at the same time. Now apparently Stephanie had picked Ray because of his, let's say features, that were bragged about online. Unlike the loser geek with a small dick, this guy, let's just say, delivered the package. Like me, Ray had gotten excited from the little show we got, and when the boxers came down, the monsters were free, springing into the air for freedom. Ray's cock wasn't as big as he had said it was, but still he was probably about eight inches long, and Stephanie definitely looked happy.
The mouths of the blonde and the brunette descended onto the cocks. The wet sloppy blowjobs were heaven, Holly was trying to show up Stephanie by deepthroating me, Stephanie was working full blast both hands jerking mouth going up and down very quickly, slurping and sucking sounds escaping them both. Stephanie stopped and said, "Switch." Suddenly Holly and Stephanie switched positions, and resumed in their styles of sloppy head. Stephanie was shoving her mouth on my cock, and Holly was trying to deepthroat his cock that was a little longer than mine, she couldn't quite do it though. After a moment of heaven, we all stood up, shedding what clothes remained. Ray laid down on the floor looking up expectantly. Holly got down on all fours, her face over his cock, her ass near his feet. Stephanie got down, sitting on Ray's face, facing down towards Holly. I got down on my knees behind Holly. "This seems like a good position," Stephanie Said. Holly impaled his cock in her mouth, bobbing her head. It got so horny watching her give head.
I shoved my cock balls deep into her pussy and pounded her mercilessly, as Ray started to eat out Stephanie. Holly's pussy was fuckin wet, and dripping down her legs. Stephanie was trying to drown Ray. And I was trying to put my cock through Holly's tight pussy. "Switch," Stephanie said, breathing heavily. Stephanie and Holly stood up and switched positions. Stephanie sucking off Ray, me fucking her tight pussy, and Ray eating out Holly. I was pounding Steph's pussy slapping together, and I looked up at Holly's, nearing orgasm, and she just looked back at me smiling wide, her hands on her tits. Suddenly Stephanie stopped pushing back on my thrusts, and she sat up. "You fucker," she said, cum dripping out of her mouth. Holly started laughing out loud. I couldn't help but laugh too, watching Holly's tits bounce on her undulating chest from her laughter, as she fell away from his dripping mouth. "Okay shooter, you eat her pussy, even the score," I said, pulling out of Stephanie.
I walked over to Holly, as Ray went to town on Stephanie. I stepped into the bedroom and grabbed the anal lube. I came back and bent Holly over the couch. I lubed up my hard juice covered cock, and put some on her ass. Then I plunged into her ass, with a resulting scream. I just kept fucking Holly in the ass, pump after pump in her tight hot ass. She was still screaming, but of pleasure now, and so was Stephanie, getting eaten playing with herself, and watching us buttfuck. Soon enough, the two of them were just sitting and watching us fuck, my hands gripping Holly by her tits. Stephanie suddenly ran into the bedroom, she returned a minute later with the strapon strapped on. Holly and I knew the drill, having done it once before. I was on the bottom, Holly sitting on top of me, cock in her ass, Stephanie between her legs, dildo in hand, guiding her cock into Holly's pussy. We double penetrated Holly, for several minutes. Her orgasms spasming her whole body, squeezing both cocks fake and real alike, and her second orgasm came just after the first one, neither of us stopping the assault.
Soon enough Ray was standing over top all of us, putting his now hard again cock in front of Holly's mouth. Holly took his cock and deepthroated him as she was getting double fucked. She had a third orgasm, which shook her sweaty body so much she fell off of me completely letting both cocks pull out of her. Ray pursued her, keeping his cock in her mouth, which she continued to suck. I was getting close to coming, and I turned to Stephanie, "No way, I'm not getting in the way of that thing when it goes off," she said. I walked over next to Ray, putting my cock next to Holly's face, while she was sucking him off. She immediately pulled off his cock, and went balls deep on mine, stroking his with her other hand. She stroked him very vigorously, and sucked me saliva and lube all over my cock, she bobbed her head, shaking her tits and flinging her hair all about. She jerked Ray until he came on the side of her face, and she increased pace to make me cum right then. She pulled off my cock, and put her face right under my cock, still stroking me. I emptied my seed onto her face, drenching her face, she was tonguing it as it ran down her face. The Stephanie stuck her strap on in Holly's face.
"Suck this. bitch," she said. Holly complied sucking her fake dick, and then rubbing it all over her face and eating the cum off of it.
Ray and Stephanie left, and she was still mad at him for blowing in her mouth, so she didn't give him any encore. "I wish we would have filmed that." Holly said.
"Hey. maybe I got a reply." I said.
John, I have watched your tape six times now, I believe it's the best I have ever seen, I am offering you an exclusive contract, we pay you $5000 up front, and $2500 per film, including this one, so $7500 to you right now, if you sign a contract giving this site exclusivity on your videos. This means that you cannot sell them to anyone else, and this contract is good for your first three videos. I have mailed you the contract, and when I get it back I will cut you a check for $7500.
"Wow." my jaw was on the floor, so was Holly's. "Now we really should have fucking taped that!" I said. We immediately broke into fucking on the floor again, as we were both very excited at these prospects.
Part 12 : The Sequels
Holly was wearing glasses and a backpack, sitting on the couch, Stephanie taping, and I was wearing a suit and tie. "Mr. Johnson, I really really need to get an A," Holly said.
"Well Holly, you would need to do a lot to do that," I said sternly.
"I'm willing to do a whole lot for you," she said sluttily.
"Will you suck my cock?" I asked her. I said, unzipping my pants, pulling out my semi hard cock, and stroking it slowly. She was still in her backpack. I put my cock on her lips. "Will you do that for me," I asked her. She started licking it. Holly stood up, throwing her backpack aside, tearing her clothes off.
"Do you want to lick my eighteen year old tits, Mr. Johnson?" she asked innocently. I licked her nipples, and pushed her head down ward. She licked me at first, then stroked with her hand and sucked on the tip.
"I'm only seeing C, C+ at the most right now" I said.
"What do you want me to shove this cock down my throat," she asked.
"I think you should if you want the A," I said. Holly jammed my cock down all the way. Stephanie was maneuvering around for a better shot. She continued to stroke her mouth and throat over my cock, moaning. I was pushing her head down on my cock. "Holly, if you swallow every drop, I will give you an A +." I said. She just kept sucking. I played with her tits for a while, pinching her nipples. Then, on queue, Rachel, the redhead from the dorm, walked into my apartment.
"Mr.Johnson! I never thought I would see you of all faculty members taking advantage of a student!" she said.
"Oh Ms. Smith, it's not like that, I was showing Holly here how to give a proper blowjob, she wanted to practice." Holly just continued deepthroating and slurping on my cock.
"Oh my, that is quite the technique you have there young lady," Rachel said.
"Want her to teach you how?" I asked her.
"Well, I would like to know, and I haven't had sex in ages. I'll make you a deal Mr. Johnson, I won't report you, if you fuck me," She said.
"Well get undressed," I said. Rachel got undressed exposing her large C cup breasts, and her long curly red hair draped over them. She walked over next to Holly, turned around and bent over, exposing her ass spread eagle. My cock was good and lubed up by Holly's saliva, and before entering, Rachel had lubed up her ass. I suddenly plunged my cock into Rachel's ass.
"What the fuck, I didn't say fuck my ass, I said fuck me," Rachel said acting her part.
"Well, be more specific next time," I said, as Holly began to eat out Rachel while I fucked her ass. After a few ass pounding moments, her hot tight ass got my cock over the edge. I pulled out, Holly had her cheek resting on Rachel's ass watching the festivities. Rachel turned around and put her face against Holly's, both of them with open mouths, awaiting their gift. I shot my first stream of jism into Rachel's mouth, and then put the rest on her face, making Holly lap up their reward.
"I'm still fucking horny," 'Ms. Smith' said. Holly and Rachel got into a sixty nine on the floor, their naked bodies, spunk covered faces. I was soon hard again. I moved behind Rachel and started to fuck her while Holly ate her out. Her breathing got very heavy and she orgasmed screaming at the top of her lungs and this caused Holly to orgasm, both of them trying to drown the other. They rolled off of each other. Laying on the ground breathing heavily, collecting themselves.
I Laid down next to Holly "I'm thinking your at B+," I said. She rolled over and deepthroated my cock, slurp after slurp of her bobbing head and jiggling boobs got me to cum in her throat, forgetting for a moment the camera, which couldn't capture the sight, but the information got across. "You want to be my TA?" I said to Holly.
"Okay were done," Stephanie said. "Rachel we'll pay you when we get the check," I said.
With this film done we would have ten thousand dollars in the bank. Holly still had her job working as secretary in a local office. She had always said it was boring and she would be stuck for hours on end in a back room going through documents. Well she no longer had any reason to have this job. "So, you going to quit?" I asked her.
"Want to get me fired?" Holly asked me wickedly.
"How?"
I drove Holly to work Monday morning, starting of her summer full time hours. I waited in the car, watching her stride into work in her skirt that went to her knees, black, and her black shirt. She wiggled her hips walking in, bouncing her ass, wearing her semi heeled dress shoes. I waited for her to call. After about thirty minutes of waiting in the car she called my cell phone. "Be at the back door in one minute," she said hanging up before I could respond. I stood next to the back entrance to the small office building, it opened from the inside, Holly pulled me inside, and into a dimly lit room filled with file cabinets. I brought the video camera, once inside I put it on a shelf with a field of view that included most of the room. Holly went back into the hallway. I went to the camera, turning it on, then walking over to a desk pretending to be busy.
Then Holly walked in. "You must be Holly," I said.
"Yes sir," she said sheepishly.
"So they assigned you to be my new secretary while Julie is taking a leave of absence having her baby."
"That's right," she said.
"So Holly, how many people have you worked for?" I asked.
"This is my first secretary job," she said.
"Well let me show you the ropes," I said. I went on pointing to random file cabinets and making something up. "Do you have a boyfriend, Holly?" I asked.
"No sir I don't," she said.
"That's a shame, pretty girl like you," I said. "My old secretary used to keep me relieved of stress, would you be willing to do that for me?" I asked.
"What does that mean?" she asked, innocently.
"Well, that would entail, bringing me drinks, joking around, keeping a fun atmosphere, and relieving sexual tension," I said, "Would you be willing to do that?"
"I don't know," Holly said. She was sitting in a chair, and I was walking around her, touching her back occasionally. I was standing behind her now, she was pondering the sexual advances I had made.
I unzipped my jeans. Pulling my limp cock out, and holding it behind her head. "Maybe," she said. She turned her head to look back, and she gasped at the sight of my cock. I moved around in front of her. Holding my cock in my hand I put it on her lips. "I don't....know," she said unsure.
"Well, I could request a different secretary that will, tell them I was dissatisfied with you," I said. She opened her mouth, slowly taking my limp cock into her mouth. She got up from the chair and to her knees, she was now pushing her head onto my cock, hardening almost instantly in her hot wet mouth. I pulled her up, bent her over the desk, and moved her panties aside, plunging into her tight pussy. Pounding her hard, she was screaming and breathing heavy. We continued fucking and making very much noise all over the room. We moved over near the camera, and she got back to her knees, and I blew my load onto her face.
"Ohh, ohh," she said still catching her breath. "What...I need to clean up now!" she said almost mad. Then a guy opened the door, Holly on her knees covered in my spunk, hair messed up, clothes disorganized on her body, tits hanging out of her shirt. "Holly I..." he stopped as he saw us, "Who's this?"
"He's My new boss," Holly said. "He doesn't work here, Who are YOU?!?!" the man demanded.
"Oops," I said, pulling up my pants and going to pick up my camera. "WHAT!" Holly said, chasing after me, as I ran out the back door, camera still rolling.
I was waiting in the car, filming toward the door. Holly walked out the door, hair still messed up, face still smeared with cum. She was walking towards a random car that wasn't hers. I drove up to her. "You Prick! You got me fired!" she yelled at me.
"How would you like to work for me?" I asked her.
"What do you mean...what's with the camera."
"You come back to my place, we have some fun and I'll pay you," I said.
"How much?" she asked.
"Well that depends on what we do."
"I want one hundred dollars right now to go with you," She said.
"Okay one hundred to go with me," I said, pulling out a hundred dollar bill, she got in the car and I gave her the bill. Turning off the camera, finally breaking character. "Fired?" I asked.
"Nope," she responded.
"No? I would have thought being caught in the act and then walking through your office with jizz on your face would have done it for sure," I said, still wondering what kind of place she works at.
"My boss asked me what I was doing, I said that I was giving my new boss a blowjob, and he said that guy doesn't work here, but I do."
"You mean he came onto you?!" I said.
"Ya he wanted me to blow him," Holly said
"I said no thanks, then he said, I'll pay you a hundred dollars, and I told him I'd do it for a thousand dollars"
"What, did, did you blow him?" I asked.
"Hell no that fucker doesn't have a thousand dollars," she said "but he probably won't fire me while the offer is still on the table."
"So you still need to get fired then?" I asked.
"Yeah I guess so"
We went home and finished the movie, she was 'working' for me, and I acted out giving her money in return for sexual favors, both of us haggling the prices the whole way. We had now finished our third video. Our porn resume now included the blindfolded threesome surprise, the teachers and student, and tricking a secretary followed by paying her for sex. The First movie was now posted on the site, and was receiving good reviews from members of the site. In a week the next two videos would be posted alongside this one on The Sex Palace. These three videos combined would attract attention from all over the Porn industry to the two of us and our amateur videos.