It was decades ago when I was in my early 20's. I was in county again. Just 10 days which doesn't sound like much, but in my line of work, that meant I wasn't making money. I was concerned as rent looked like it might be late, and my land lord wasn't trading favors for funds now that his wife had learned what I did for a living.
I met a gal out on the yard, and we got to talking. My need for some fast cash came up, and she suggested I get hold of Stan. Stan's agency booked bachelor parties all over the state, and the money could be very good. She pointed that there would also the opportunity to meet men who could still be good for money months or years after the bachelor party ended if you knew how to work things. I knew.
I called. Stan wouldn't talk to me on the phone. Face to face was how he did business and if I was interested, I needed to go there. "No use wasting time until I've had a chance to check out the merchandise," he explained. He gave me his address and times he might be there then he hung up.
I needed the cash so I went. I didn't expect a lavish office and I wasn't surprised when it was a bit of a toilet. Located upstairs from an out of business pawn shop, Stan's office was filled with older but serviceable furniture and not much else. I was in front of him for less than 3 minutes before he told me to do a little dance and take off my blouse.
"Dancing needs some work, but great tits." was all he said when I was done.
He asked me to show him the rest - meaning I had to get completely naked - and he seemed to like what I had to offer. Stan motioned me to sit down so we could talk and told me not to get dressed. He said he wanted to "see how comfortable and open" I was being naked.
To further the discussions, I had read and sign a piece of paper that said I was over 18, legal to work in the state, and that I wasn't a cop before he would go further. He didn't ask for anything in the way of ID to confirm my age, but he did ask for my clothing and purse and checked both for a recording device before he started talking. I'd been warned about this part, so I left my cash and anything else worth stealing at home.
Stan laid out his business plan and how I would fit in it. The deal was that for a two-hour bachelor party gig his price was $600 for two girls. He took all but $100 for each girl and provided a bodyguard for us. He said if I was friendly, I could pick up another $600 or more on a good night. (This was way more than a month's rent back then.) He didn't say what friendly meant and I didn't have to ask.
Stan said I'd do two parties a month or more if he got good feedback, and there were other opportunities for things like poker games, birthday parties, and such. He didn't say anything about one-on-one dates, but I heard he arranged a lot of those too.
Stan made it clear he wasn't looking for drama or trouble makers. If he heard something bad, I'd be gone. No second chances. Be on time. Be sober. Be ready to work and willing to earn the money the men would be throwing at me.
.
Wrapping up, Stan said, "Was I interested or otherwise there was the fucking door." It was his summary statement to close the deal. Stan was a man of few words.
I didn't' have to think about it. I'd been busted twice recently trying to drum up business on my own, and both times I'd been without someone who would bail me out of jail. I didn't want a pimp, but I needed someone on my side. I told him I was ready.
He nodded his head to acknowledge he'd heard me, then glanced down meaningfully at the empty space in front of his chair. I knew what I needed to do to seal the deal and that I wouldn't been the first woman kneeling on that carpet. (Again, my friend from jail had warned me.)
A year ago, I would have spit in the guy's face and just split if I'd been given an ultimatum like this, but times had changed, so I assumed the position. I knew how to get it over with quick - and he didn't take long. He made a point of cumming in my mouth without warning- which was an asshole move - but didn't surprise me.
When I was done, he said I needed to meet my partner. He gave 'Lucy' a call and asked her to come by. She must have been tipped off before I got there that she would be summoned, as I was still gargling when she hit the front door.
Lucy was Latina - older than me but still a young woman. Lots of miles on her though - you could see it in her eyes. This was before the style was for Latina girls to have big asses and big tits - she was thin but attractive. Just a few inches taller than me, with pretty brown eyes and jet-black hair. She was wearing a short skirt and thin blouse with no bra beneath and the kind of shoes that told me when she wasn't dancing for Stan she was on the streets hustling. We were simpatico, Lucy and I.
Stan introduced us, said Lucy knew the ropes and asked her to take me through it all. He left then, taking his cash box with him. He didn't want to be there to hear details. I knew it made it easier to deny things.
I often found women in the business could be bitchy to each other. At some level, we competed for the same entertainment dollar. Lucy was sweet though. She complimented me on my hair, said my body was smoking hot and told me I could get dressed.
When it came to the work though, she didn't pull any punches and was no nonsense about what we would be doing. She said she'd been doing this for a few years and had things down pretty good to maximize tips.
She said she liked to start out with something scripted and kind dramatic to get everyone's attention and focus them in. It was a party after all, and if you didn't, men would be off getting beers and shooting the shit - you needed them crowded around so you could be the center of attention.
She explained that she liked to start off with some costumes and do a scene. Something hokey enough that you didn't have to be a real actress to pull it off, but still horny enough that it would keep their attention even if they didn't buy into your act for a second. She had a few of those scenes worked out and had the costumes and everything. There were pauses and prompts built into the act to encourage tipping too.
After the scene, we would lighten things up with some dancing and stripping and flirting. Get to know the men and get them interested in seeing more. Then we'd get down on the floor and get nasty.
Lucy said when it came to anything we did together, she was always going to be the top. She was a lesbian and good at it. When we interacted, she said I should be submissive. Let her take the lead - even act like I hadn't done a woman before. Men ate that shit up.
She smiled then and said "when I eat your pussy, I'm going to do it right. Men liked to see a girl popping off, and I'm going to make that happen for you." She smiled when she said that. She also told me that if she should happen to squat over my face, I should be prepared to give her cunt a going over, but otherwise I was there "to be spread not fed. Just make sure to squirm enough that the men get off on what they were seeing."
After that she explained that when the girl-on-girl action was over, we might take a break, but more likely it was back to working the crowd, this time with an eye to seeing who would be interested in some extracurricular activity. If I "wasn't open to giving up some head or tail for cash this wasn't going to be the right job for me."
Lucy watched my eyes the entire time she spoke, looking for a sign of panic. A frown. A flinch. I didn't have to tell her that I'd done worse. My lack of response said it all, but I told her I was down and looked forward to working with her. She smiled and said she felt like we'd be making good money soon.
She helped me put on my coat and locked up on our way out. At the street, we shared a hug and we went our separate ways, but I knew I was in.
I didn't hear from Stan immediately, which had me concerned as rent was due soon, but I got the call two days later. His brief instructions were "Meet at the office. Expect the night will be a late one. " (He assumed that I was a single mother needing to arrange childcare. Most of my coworkers were.)
I knew this was a test and that Stan was fucking with me a bit, but I got my shower, shaved my legs, pits and naughty bits, powdered & perfumed to make it worth paying for and was there by the appointed time.
Stan said he would provide us with a male chaperone to keep us safe and hold the money during times when we were entertaining, and he really delivered. Gerald was the biggest man I had ever met. He was maybe 6'3 and 250 pounds. When he said he'd played ball in school and I believed him. Tall, heavy and intimidating already, he showed me his knife and the handgun in his shoe that added to the feeling of menace that he inspired. He explained that at one of these parties, some men got so drunk that they didn't listen when you said no, but no one ignored a weapon in their face.
We got in the car and headed out to the edge of town. The party was in this big house that was out on its own. Not really a farm but it felt like farmland. Lots of cars - mostly pick-up trucks but also some nice sedans and even a few sports cars.
It was after 9 when we arrived and we had been expected at 8. Lucy told me that was always how it was - build the anticipation. Lucy had worn a tight pair of jeans and a barely there top, and I had worn something similarly revealing. We strolled through the house attracting attention - two half-dressed sluts in a house full of men - and then slid into a bedroom that had been assigned as our changing room and party parlor.
Gerald didn't join us. He was out giving guys the "ground rules" which included rules on unwelcoming touching, abusive behavior, the need to tip, and the absence of photography or video equipment. (This all happened before cell phones had cameras.)
Inside the bedroom, we found we weren't alone. Along with Lucy and I, there was the groom and the best man. The men didn't offer to step outside while we disrobed, and we didn't ask them. Giving the groom a preview show wasn't uncommon I guess, as Lucy was flirty and friendly as she dropped her duds.
We did lines courtesy of the best man while Lucy and I changed into our costumes. She made a point of putting her ass in his face when she bent down to snort some coke, and then playfully turned around so his nose was maybe two inches away from the runway sculpted pubes on her cunt. I hadn't seen her naked until they did, and I was impressed at the kind of goods she had brought to the table.
The men liked what they saw as I wiggled into a school girl skirt and blouse but seemed confused when Lucy pulled on a pair of slacks and a button-down collared shirt with necktie. They blushed a bit when Lucy pulled a dildo out of her bag and coated it with a thin layer of lube, then tucked it into her pants. I felt their eyes go back to me as I was trying to keep my blouse buttons from popping open while strapping on my heels.
Soon enough it was showtime.
To put this all together for you, I'll explain that Lucy had dressed as a male teacher and I dressed like a school girl. The "scene" was that we were engaged in a simple negotiation. I was a bad student that needed a good grade. Lucy was the teacher who held all the power but was willing to up her grade if she was down for some sex. Bottom line: If I wanted to turn my F into a B, I'd need to suck his D and take it in the A. This scene had been in a dozen porn movies and was probably a fantasy of any teacher.
I had been good enough in drama in high school to earn some big roles and had some personal experience to draw on regarding getting teachers to change grades, so I gave a passable performance. Lucy was truly terrible playing a teacher looking for student body, but the crowd didn't give a shit. The moment that big rubber penis Lucy had hidden in her pants made its entrance, the audience was totally into it.
I did my best and not having rehearsed the scene before hand seemed to help make it better. My skirt was way too short, and my blouse was too tight. The rubber cock was too big to fit comfortably into a hole that I hadn't lubed enough. If the crowd was looking to see a young woman being violated and degraded by her teacher for a grade, they got their moneys worth. The men did shots, smoked dope and cheered teacher on while I was made to suck, fuck, and take it in the ass. Things got rowdy.
When the opening act was done, we were in various states of naked, but the remnants of the costumes were less than sexy out of context. We announced we'd be taking a quick break. The boys had been throwing bills all over the place during the final minutes when Lucy was working to get that final few inches to fit, so Gerald and Lucy pitched in to gather the money while I did my best not to drop a duce from my stretched-out anus while I made a run for the restroom.
Back in our dressing room/changing room, we enjoyed several more lines courtesy of the best man who had dropped any pretext at all of being a gentleman. When Lucy went down for a snort, she almost blew it off the mirror when he reached down to pet her kitty, and I took his hand off my ass and placed it on my tit so that I wouldn't be similarly violated in the vagina as I sucked down a few kickers of cocaine.
The boorish actions of the best man weren't out of line with the general mood that had developed outside with the other revelers. Over the course of the show, Lucy and I had been pinched, fondled and manhandled while we were working the crowd to the point that Gerald openly admonished one of the men with a grab of the arm and threat of a backhand. It felt unsafe and had been glad that Gerald was there.
After a few lines of cocaine and a few drinks from our candy man's whisky bottle, I felt rejuvenated enough to slide into my lingerie. (Lucy had dressed while I was enjoying the whiskey and coke.) While I changed, Lucy thanked our best man for his drugs by giving him a hand job and making him cum into a shot glass. It was a terrific professional move - I knew she'd be using that shot glass as part of our act later - and also satiated the man enough that he stopped molesting us long enough so we could get ready for our next scene. He didn't even object when we cut our own fat lines out of his stash before returning to the living room.
We were at the point in the evening where we did the classical stripper stuff. Dancing was easy. Find a face, aim your ass or tits at it, and shake. Drop the undies slowly - teasing along the way. Keep things moving. Do outrageous things like put your nipple in their ears whenever you can. Also, give the groom lots of attention by doing things like playing with his zipper and putting your hands down his pants. Collect dollars and turn up the heat whenever there's a lull in the giving.
I had never worked a crowd like this before, but it was easy enough to find men willing to put dollar bills in your bra or panties for a quick feel.
About $300 in, Lucy whispers in my ear that it's time to lie down and take things to the next level. We start dancing together and she pulls me in for a French kiss that starts a pornographic make-out session with lots of wrapped tongues, tugged nipples and hide the fingers action. Soon enough she's got me on the ground with legs open wide and she's got two fingers in. Dollar bills are raining down on us, the one's quickly turning into bigger bills when her mouth replaces her fingers.
I stop counting money in my head for a while as she goes to work on my pussy. She wasn't lying about being good with her tongue. Deep thick tongue licks on top, deep probing into my cunt, and periodic pokes in my pooper to keep me in the moment. Soon enough I'm a puppet under her control and she's playing me like a fiddle. I can hear men cheering through the fog of my emerging orgasm, but it's hard to care. Sometimes a bill floats down on my body just to remind me I'm supposed to be working but mostly it's just Lucy eating me like she's trying to chew her way to China. She was true to her word - it was hard to stay professional when she had me ready to cum and was relentless about coaxing the juices out of me.
Finally, I came back to my senses and realize that Lucy has removed her face from between my thighs, and I find her soon squatting over my face as I lay on the carpet. I did my part to return the attention I've been given and use my fingers to spread her sex so that the audience could watch my tongue tease her sex. I didn't even realize it, but as I go to work my other hand slid down to my pussy and pretty soon I am masturbating myself while I work to get Lucy off. The men seem to love the effort. Dollar bills started to rain down along with cheers and profane instructions like "lick her ass" and "eat it bitch."
It got intense. The men were crowded around us tightly. Their hands went everywhere, and we had men sucking on us titties to toes. They were rolling around on the ground in the money with us.
It got to be so much that I got a bit paranoid about not just my payday but also my safety. Crowds of horny, drunken men could be dangerous, I knew, and things were getting out of control quickly. The commentary went beyond sexual to crude. Someone started a chant of "piss in her mouth" and I felt a man's naked penis touch my leg. Finally, Gerald made his way into the crowd, acting like he was just helping to collect the money but also using his body to push the men away from Lucy and I. Lucy had experienced enough too. She moved this scene to an end by pretending to cum on my face before collapsing beside me.
It took a few minutes to crawl around and gather up cash that was all over the floor. Lots of ones. A few 20's. Tens and fives here and there. The bodyguard Gerald showed me a thick stack of cash he's already collected when I handed him the wad. It looked like it would be a good night. Lucy and I locked eyes for a moment and she gave me a wink. It was time for us to switch gears.
I slid into the bedroom for a moment and grabbed the shot glass full of cum that Lucy had sat aside on the window sill after jerking off the best man. I showed it around. Men knew what it was - but when one man said he thought it looked fake, I offered him a taste if he wasn't sure. Lots of laughter there.
I acted like I was going to take the shot, then backed off, giving the crowed the eye. Lucy was prepared to tell the crowd that tips would get the job done, but that wasn't necessary. The bills came out and were dropping like a blizzard for a bit. Finally, I saw the contributions slow to a trickle and new it was time to make a move.
I put the shot glass to my lips and acted like I was going to throw back the shot again, but then Lucy grabbed the shot away and knocked it back. Some cheers. A few boos from men who seemed to like my young white ass more than Lucy's young brown one. We weren't finished though, as Lucy held the load in her mouth and reached over. We shared a big, wet kiss with lots of tongue and lots of swapping. Finally, we both swallowed whatever was in our mouths then bent into a final bow as the men cheered and clapped. This was the "climax" to our evening's organized entertainment, designed as it was to leave men wanting more. We didn't leave though. That would have been leaving money on the table.
We were both naked other than our heels, and we took a few minutes to razz the groom for a few minutes, asking him for a big kiss (which he wouldn't give as our mouths were still shiny from male spunk) and reminding him that he was seeing more boobs at once now than he'd see again for the rest of his married life. After that, we split up a bit and worked the crowd, and soon enough I saw Lucy walking hand in hand with a man into the bedroom. There was little doubt she was off to do business.
I was being corned by two younger guys that looked like they might have some good cash, so I asked them if they wanted to talk more privately and let them lead me into a small tv room away from the crowds. Once inside the room, I saw little reason to be coy. Lucy and I had agreed before the party began that $40 was going rate so I offered to blow them both at the same time for $75. Soon enough I was on my knees fumbling with both men's zippers.
I've long thought that men have the bisexual inclination they always say women have - but to unleash it you have to put yourself into the middle of the action. Two guys who would never touch their cocks together find it thrilling when you put one in each hand and touch them together for them. (I know - I feel their penises throb in my hands when I do it.) These two, obviously friends, enjoyed the treatment as I rubbed their cocks together before attempting to put both into my mouth at the same time.
I fumbled with the for a few minutes before settling on sucking one at a time, switching off every few minutes - and soon enough one of them started spurting in my mouth and the other wasn't far behind.
I made a big deal about wiping my mouth with my arm and then asking one of the men to get me a drink of something to clear my throat. While he acted as a gentleman, I asked the other to help me stand back up and we started out slow paced walk to the main room.
Lucy was back fishing for new playmates, and when she saw me, she gave me a wink to let me know she was impressed with my maiden performance. I was given the drink I requested and made a bit of theatre out of using the stiff whiskey to wash my mouth out - even doing a small gargle to get my point across. An older man holding a $100 quickly had me by the arm and made no secret of his desires as he led me back to the back-room I'd been working in. He bent me over the coffee table and was working away at me when something went bad in the other room.
I only heard Lucy's string of profanities and scream for Gerald, but knew it was something bad so I pushed my John aside and ran to the bedroom. Gerald was already there, holding a man by his hair while Lucy got up and started collecting her clothing while uttering a string of Spanish language profanities.
It was pandemonium and the men were all booing and yelling an generally being drunk and belligerent. The man who had been with was Lucy busy calling her "whore" and "thief" and I was waiting for the man who had been fucking me to make his appearance. (I guessed he was probably trying to get his hard-on to go down so he could put it away. When he did finally show up, things went from bad to worse as he accused me of swindling him out of his money. When he said something about how he was going to take what he paid for, Gerald told him to back off and then told us in no uncertain terms it was time to go.
We left the house by practically running naked to the car holding our clothes, costumes and props. Gerald let us in and asked Lucy what the fuck had happened. Lucy wouldn't tell, even later when we were on the road and finished putting back on our clothes. "Asshole men" was all she would say, which I guess was enough. No need for details.
We stopped for coffee in an almost empty roadside diner and counted and split the money. After generously tipping Gerald a few hundred, I still had more than I'd made the previous three weeks doing business from barstools. It had been a good night, but my fear was that it would be a one time thing as it had all ended in a bit of a shit show.
The next morning early, Stan called Lucy and I to meet him at the office early. When we got there, Lucy said let me leave and she'd explain it all, but Stan was pissed and gave me an ultimatum on what it would take to stay in the game. It was humiliating what happened - especially with Lucy watching - but in the end it was it was nothing that a few aspirin and an hour sitting on a bag of frozen veggies didn't fix. I had done what it took to appease him, and I was dismissed.
Lucy stayed behind while I limped out the door, and I never saw her again after that day. I was paired for a few weeks with another long-time dancer then given a young new girl I had to train to do parties.
I worked parties every week for months for Stan, and though what we were doing at the time was highly illegal and not very secret, we only got raided once. Our bail was posted before we even got to jail and the charges evaporated in the system. Stan obviously had connections, thought we did end up working a very rough cops party a month later which featured a lot of sick requests and absolutely zero tips.
I found out that Stan's party gigs often got out of control and could be pretty dangerous and scary. I continued to do them, though, because the money was so damned good and as Stan got to know me, he started throwing me other work as well and it could be much more lucrative. I worked a poker game one night, for instance and got tipped more than $1000 and spent maybe 20 minutes under the tables. A gig in the bathroom at a bankers' bash netted more than that $1500 - which at the time could buy you a good used car - but what I had to do was so degrading that I never did another.
I ended up spending a lot of time with Stan and he grew to think of me as one of his most dependable talents. I finally asked him one day what had happened to Lucy, and he lied to my face by telling me she'd run off with a man she'd met while dancing. (Lucy was a lesbian - so the story didn't check out.) I almost pointed out the error in his story but decided to bite my lip about it. Stan scared the crap out of me, and I didn't want to disappear too. (Besides I needed the money.)
I finally got into so much legal trouble that Stan couldn't bail me out and didn't want to be associated with me at all. When that happened, he not only stopped calling, but wouldn't return my calls either.
When I went to jail that time, he didn't bail me out. In fact, I got the message from a guard that I should lose his number "or else." I never tried again.