This is the fourth story of the 'Sarah's fascination' trilogy and by far the most sexually explicit, particularly in the latter stages. All of their previous sexual escapades referred to can be found in the earlier stories. I hope you enjoy reading it and as always, votes, comments and suggestions are greatly appreciated. X
*****
We were getting the 7am flight to Faro and were both weary, having been up late the night before and then up early to travel to the airport. It was only just after five but the traffic was building up already.
"How you doing?" I asked, turning to look at Sarah.
"Good, just tired."
"You looking forward to it?"
"I am. Once we get through the bloody airport and are on the plane I'll perk up a bit; it'll feel like we're on holiday."
I smiled and leant over and kissed her, and promptly got hooted from the car behind, the traffic having moved off in front of me. We both laughed as we drove off, getting hooted had cheered us up a bit.
The evening before had been strained, partly because of the hassle of packing at the last minute but mainly because of the strange, unfamiliar mood that Sarah was in. Any comments I made or questions I asked were met with sarky, snapped replies. I could have asked her what was bothering her but I had a fairly good idea what the problem was and wanted to get my own head around it first.
At Sarah's request I had spent the previous afternoon posing nude for a group of students she taught photography to. I took a bit of convincing but once the session started I had thoroughly enjoyed it, finding it both liberating and incredibly erotic. Therein lay the problem, I think.
Over the nine months we had been together Sarah had changed me; from a staid, fairly conservative character to a much more outgoing, adventurous one; bringing out my exhibitionist side along the way. We now spent much of our time at home in the nude, Sarah photographing me regularly and even making me the star of her successful photographic exhibition; where there were two whole rooms filled with pictures of cocks; big, small, black, white, every type. She had convinced me, along with herself, to go naked in public, and we had had incredibly hot sexual encounters with her two wild sisters.
Throughout all of this we had grown closer and more in love, planning to get married the following year. Sarah's mantra was that love was a special thing between two people but that sexuality and nudity were the most natural, beautiful things in the world, to be enjoyed and embraced. It was the way she was brought up and she totally believed it. I was way behind her but catching up fast, embracing this new attitude and lifestyle, which brings us to the previous afternoon.
The students, both male and female had taken it in turns posing me and then either individually or as a group photographing me. They were very good, had great ideas and the session had become increasing sexual, no touching, just highly erotic and sexually charged. A chemistry and connection had developed between me and one or two of the students and I think this was what bothered Sarah, she was jealous. A bit of me wanted to cuddle her and to tell her not to be silly, I loved and wanted no one but her. Another bit of me wanted to repeat her mantra, it was the most natural thing, enjoy it. This bit won out and I decided to say nothing and give her time.
We were both a bit perkier on the plane, Sarah even having a glass of wine at eight o'clock in the morning as a way of marking the fact that we were on holiday and could relax. I was nervous about meeting Sarah's parents as anyone would be meeting their future parents in law for the first time, but I was also looking forward to it. The picture I had built up in my head from asking Sarah about them and from the way Sarah and her sisters spoke was one of eccentricity and love. One thing I did know for certain was that as wild as Sarah and her sisters could be, they were also very solid, grounded, decent, loving individuals and most of that must be down to their parents.
They met us in the arrivals hall, first giving Sarah lot's of hugs and kisses and then turning to me, her mum giving me a big hug and saying,
"Michael, wonderful to meet you, I've heard so much about you."
And her father shaking me firmly by the hand, "Michael old chap, wonderful to meet you at last." This was going ok so far.
I also had pictures in my head of how they would look physically, particularly her mum, from what Sarah and her sisters had said. Sarah supposedly getting her boyish figure and flat chest from her father whilst the girls got their big boobs and shapely butts from their mother. What I saw looking back at me were two healthy, tanned people, late forties/early fifties I guessed and both smiling widely, obviously happy to meet us. Her father was a couple of inches shorter than me, just under six foot or so. He was trim, wore a nice polo shirt and smart shorts. Her mother was around five five, wore a summer dress that just came to her knees and was as the girls described her, womanly. Large boobs and hips accentuating her smallish waist, showing that she, like her husband was in good shape. They looked like what I knew they were; two happy, reasonably affluent middle aged people.
I sat and mainly listened in the car, as Sarah and her parents caught up. Much of what was said was already known, it just sounds different person to person rather than over the phone. Her father had owned a small engineering firm but had sold it to two of his managers once he knew none of his children were interested in it, they retained him in an advisory role, it didn't take much time and paid for his golf memberships, he said. Her mother had never worked formally, working at bringing up the kids instead. Now they were all grown and they had money behind them they had decided to spend their time relaxing and concentrating on their 'other interests.' This mention of 'other interests' brought laughter all around, I just smiled, not really having a clue what they were on about.
We arrived at what looked like a relatively new, large villa.
"It looks lovely mummy, but I will miss the old place." Sarah said, having spent most of her childhood holidays at their previous villa.
"Wait till you see the pool and the view, you'll soon forget about it," Her mother said. "And besides all the local boys you used to flash your arse and fanny at have all moved or got married." They all laughed, I just stood there bemused, although not completely surprised.
"I'll just have to find some new ones to flash at, won't I." Sarah said, winking at me and blowing a kiss.
We went through the large living room and kitchen, out to the back "Wow!" "Wow!" We both said. There was a large patio, surrounded by well maintained gardens and a large infinity pool, affording uninterrupted views of the land below and the sea beyond.
"I was thinking that we should have a lie down, but now I've seen this I think we should just jump in instead, what do you think?"
"Definitely." I Said, "I'll just go and get my trunks on."
Sarah looked at me, raising an eyebrow as if to say 'Really?' "No trunks here lover boy." She said, her hand beginning to unbutton my trousers. I motioned over my shoulder at her parents 'what about them'
"Don't be such a prude, get them off."
We both stripped and got in the cold water, invigorating and a nice relief from the already hot sun. We swam and messed about. The only time I remembered I was naked was when Sarah put her legs around my waist, by dick going hard and trying to find a way into her, seemingly all by itself.
"Dirty man." Sarah laughed.
"Nothing to do with me, talk to the fella down there."
"Hey you two, there's drinks and snacks here whenever you're ready."
I'd nearly forgotten where we were, I looked over and there was Jane, Sarah's mother, stood at the table, naked, arranging the snacks, beyond her was Dave, Sarah's father, lying naked on a lounger, reading the paper. They both seemed to have an all over tan so maybe this was there 'other interest.' Sarah saw me staring "Do you think I have a yummy mummy?"
I thought about the politically correct 'they're both very attractive people' but settled for the honest, "Yes, very yummy."
"I think you have a thing for older women, mummy today, Joyce yesterday." Sarah said, mockingly.
"I think I have a thing for all women." I said, pulling Sarah closer to me, this time trying to enter her.
"Ouch! This is very small and tight at the moment and that is very hard and big at the moment, it won't fit." Sarah said in a school teachery voice, demonstrating with her hands by making a closed circle with her forefinger and trying to put her other thumb through it. We both got into kinks of laughter.
"Shall we get out?" Sarah asked.
Signaling to my hard on, I said, "I think I'd better swim around some more."
"They won't mind, in fact they might enjoy it." She looked at me, a wicked grin forming on her lips, almost challenging me. Finally she kissed me and said, "See you in a mo."
I watched as she got out, water glistening on her naked skin; god she was gorgeous, and doing nothing to help my engorged state.
When I was satisfied that my hard on had receded enough, I got out of the pool and walked quickly over to join Sarah and her mum at the table, slightly uncomfortable with the three pairs of eyes that followed me.
"The food looks lovely Jane, thank you." I sat down.
"It's only a few little things, I know they don't give you much on the plane anymore and we won't have lunch till about two. The Collins' are coming over for lunch and to meet you both, they're going to stay for the afternoon and then we'll go to our club together tonight."
Sarah had a cheeky smile on her face, "Where's your club tonight mum?"
"The Bradshaws I think, it is the Bradshaws isn't it darling?"
"Yes it's the Bradshaws." Dave said, sauntering over to join us, his wedding tackle dangling freely between his legs.
I'd been following the conversation and it was only as Dave walked over that whole situation struck me. I was sat naked with what I hoped would be my future in laws. I wasn't uncomfortable with it, at least not whilst I was sat down. A bit of my brain was saying this is a bit weird but another, stronger thought was telling me that these are lovely people, obviously happy in what they're doing and I should just go with the flow, relax and enjoy it.
The food was a selection of local breads, dips and olives and as we ate the conversation continued. The Collins' were old friends who had lived in Portugal for years; Sarah hadn't met them in a long time and was looking forward to doing so. I followed the conversation more than joined in and took the opportunity whenever Dave or Jane were speaking to look at them. Dave, although relatively tall had a slight frame, a bit of a bean poll when he was young I imagined. He looked like he did some weights and that combined with the natural thickness of age gave him a good, well proportioned body. Unusually I found myself thinking of his penis and the sight I'd just had of it. It was flaccid, but even at that it seemed quite small. I then remembered the picture of it in Sarah's exhibition, it seemed out of place amongst many of the other cocks on display, but it had produced Sarah and her siblings, so good luck to it.
Jane also looked like she used the gym, and I thought that if they went later in the week that I might go with them. Whenever she moved her arms you could see definition in her shoulders; and her upper arms, whilst carrying that bit of fat at the back that is the bane of many women, looked strong and had tone to them. With the height of the table I could see from her belly button up, I have no ideas about size but her boobs were large and given that she was around fifty years old and had four children, they were in very good shape. They obviously sagged a bit, but her general fitness and upright posture meant that they stuck out from her rib cage at the bottom, her large nipples pointing outwards rather than down.
I looked at Sarah, she was a different person from the one sat next to me in the car a few hours previous. The combination of the swim, meeting her parents and the hot sun on her skin meant that she was glowing and radiant. Every time she smiled, or made any expression for that matter, I felt my heart skip and melt a bit. I loved her so much that it sometimes felt painful, as if my wanting, longing, and needing could never possibly be fulfilled.
My trance was broken by Jane standing to clear the table, I looked up and saw her boobs bouncing, so decided to look down, but was then staring at her shaven pussy; it must be a family trait I thought, smiling to myself.
"I'll help you clear away." I said, beginning to stand. As I did so Jane leant over to pick up some of the cutlery near me.
"Shit!"
She straightened up, a grin on her face; both index fingers pointing to her chest. Her right tit was covered in oily humus, her tit having plopped in it as she leant forward. We all laughed. I was still sat in my chair and was the first to offer a serviette.
"Thank you Michael, at least there's one gentleman here."
"Don't look at me, I was too busy taking in the view." Laughed Dave, we all joined in.
Jane slowly wiped the mess off her boob, paying particular attention to her nipple, or so it seemed to me. This was all funny and light hearted, but being the dog I am I felt an unwanted stirring in my nether regions. I must have the most readable face in the world because Sarah always seemed to know when it was happening.
"You gonna help mum clear up?"
A number of thoughts flashed through my mind. 1. I had already said I'd help clear up so couldn't back out. 2. I had a semi erection, leaving me with a sizeable dick. 3. We were there for nine days so they were bound to see me aroused at some point, might as well get it over and done with. 4. I'd always known I had a larger than average penis and was secretly proud of it; but since I had met Sarah and had embraced a naturist and exhibitionist lifestyle, it had often become a focal point, bringing with it often unwanted attention and embarrassment. 5. What the fuck was I complaining about, get over yourself, as my mother used to tell me when i was complaining about nothing. 6. Wasn't it the thing that had attracted Sarah to me in the first place, her wanting to see it, feel it and photograph it?
That took a lot longer to write than to think and I stood up, my dick bouncing and swaying a bit as I did so. Dave was the first to say anything.
"You have a fine todger there old boy, must keep the girls coming back."
"It's certainly working with this one." I said, looking at Sarah and smirking, getting a dirty look in return.
"Sadie had mentioned you had a big one but that's more impressive than I was expecting." Said Jane
"It's not even finished, it can grow much more, can't it Michael." Said Sarah, gleefully getting her own back.
This sort of talk can have one of two effects, it can either make you shrink and shrivel or as was most often the case with me, it can stimulate you. I decided to take the proverbial bull by the horns and talk about it myself.
"Yes I have a big dick, it is what it is, it works the same way as any other dick, that is to say, of its own volition." They were polite enough to laugh at my shit joke. "Dave, I look at you and see a man who has kept himself in great shape, moreover you've had a successful career and helped bring up four great children, three of whom I've met."
"And had sex with." Quipped Sarah, herself and her parents thinking it very funny. I gave her my best death stare before regaining my composure and saying.
"That's only because the fourth ones a boy." I felt like putting my thumb to my nose and blowing a raspberry, this was mad stuff.
"Jane, you and Dave have welcomed me into you beautiful home and made me feel very welcome and I really appreciate that. I look at you and I see the beautiful mother of three beautiful daughters." I paused for effect. "And whilst we're talking about big dicks and alike I have to say you have a great pair of tits and now that you've stood up, I can see you have a really great arse as well." It was my turn to get a laugh and as a bonus Jane stuck her chest out and put her hands on her hips, Mae West style, very fetching.
"What I'm trying to say is that we all have things to admire and look at and I'll certainly be looking at yours, so feel free to look at mine." More smiles
"Sarah, every time I look at you my heart skips a beat; I think you are the most gorgeous woman I have ever seen. You have my heart and my head forever. You have taught me more about myself than I ever thought I'd know and made me laugh more than I ever thought possible. I love you."
"Bravo old chap, well said. But I still think you have a very impressive todger." Said Dave; we all burst out laughing.
"Those plates won't clear themselves." Sarah eventually said. I picked up as much as I could and followed Jane to the Kitchen, making it very obvious that I was admiring her arse as we walked, getting a playful wiggle of the hips in payment.
Jane suggested she'd show us around the rest of the villa before letting us have a little nap, seeing as we were up so early. It really was very impressive, four bedrooms and its own reasonably equipped gym, which helped to explain their fitness. As we were getting back to the main living area Jane pointed to a closed door,
"And that's the play room." It was only afterwards that I thought 'they don't have any small children'.
We were laid on the bed, both tired but a little too wired to sleep.
"Did you mean all the things you said outside?"
"What about your mum having a great pair of tits and arse, of course I did."
Sarah just looked serious.
"Of course I meant it, I adore you and want to spend my whole life with you."
"Thank you." We kissed and kissed and then kissed some more.
"Where did that big speech come out of, I've never heard you speak like that before.'
"I don't know, it must have been brewing for a while. Yes I have a big dick but it's not the fucking be all and end all of everything. I know you like it, and I love that. I know you like being naked and having me naked and showing off my dick, even when it embarrasses me. I can live with that and in fact enjoy all the messing about. And lets be honest I've had some incredible sex and erotic moments because of it and because of you. Thank you, I love the way you make me feel and the way you allow me to feel."
I'd run out of things to say and we just lay there, cuddling and holding each other tight.
"There's just one thing."
"What?" I asked.
"It's not a dick."
"What is it?"
"It's a very impressive todger."
We both cracked up laughing.
""What is it with your father, all the 'old mans' and 'old chaps' and 'todgers'
"Don't ask me I haven't got a fucking clue, it's like he's regressed two hundred years since he retired, living in a completely different era." We both laughed again before falling into sleep.
Jane knocked on our door just before two,
"Wakey, wakey you two, the Collins' will be here soon and lunch won't be long."
Sarah jumped up and headed for the shower, I went to follow but she shut the door on me.
"Why'd you do that?"
"Because I want to have a shower without you and your impressive todger getting in the way." Impressive todger had quickly become the buzz phrase.
"How about if I promise to just sit and watch you shower."
"Promise?"
"Scouts honour."
Sarah opened the door, "Were you in the scouts?"
"No, but I once kissed a girl guide."
"Fool."
I sat and watched Sarah soaping herself, thoroughly enjoying the show.
"What sort of club is it you're parents are going to at the Bradshaws?"
"Oh, very exclusive." Sarah said, I think smirking.
"Sounds posh."
"Not really, I'm sure they'd let you in if you wanted to go, especially with your 'you know what'."
"What?"
Sarah stuck her head out of the shower,
"It's a swingers club silly, mummy and daddy and all their friends are swingers, they take it in turns going to each other's houses; three or four times a week sometimes."
"Really? Wow, dirty sods, good luck to them I suppose."
Lots of little clues finally made sense, 'other interests', 'play rooms', even the whole families very liberal sexual attitudes made more sense. I sat there smiling to myself.
"So do you want to go?" Sarah asked, snapping me out of my musings.
"No thanks. Have you ever been?"
"No, could have done when I got older but always thought it would have been a bit too weird. Most of them are my parent's age and I've known them since I was little. Actually I know there is sex involved but I think at this stage they spend more time sat around chatting and drinking than doing anything else." Sarah started laughing.
"What you laughing at?"
"Well the last time I was in Portugal, over two years ago now, mummy and daddy went to one of their parties and me and the girls stayed at home and drank some of their expensive wine. I was quite tipsy when they got home, feeling quite bold. I asked mummy what or rather who she'd been up to, wanting some juicy gossip. She proceeded to tell me, word for word, a new recipe for baked cheese cake that one of the other ladies had given her."
"So is that all you did all night, talked about cooking?" I asked her.
"Not quite, her husband was sat the other side of me, running his hand up and down my leg, trying to finger me, but I was more interested in the recipe."
We both giggled at this, "Your whole family, including you is fucking cracked." I said, laughing.
"We are, but that's why you love us."
"That I do."
"So I'm presuming the Collins' that are coming over are swingers to?"
"You might say they are the swingers in chief." Sarah said, smiling. "They're quite a couple; or rather she's more than enough for any couple." Sniggering. "You two will get on like a house on fire."
I shook my head and cringed a bit on the inside.
I took a very quick shower and when I came out I was greeted by the sight of Sarah, her hair tied in a tight ponytail which I always adore and wearing a small t-shirt which barely reached her hip bones, her shaven pussy and incredible pert bottom completely exposed. For once I think Sarah misread my expression, explaining "We're going to be sat at the table a while, eating and drinking, I don't want to get burnt."
"I get that bit; I was just wondering if I could shag you now, you look incredible."
"Ooh that would be nice, but I'm going to make you wait, abstinence is good for the soul." Moving towards me and removing my towel, grabbing me firmly by my erect dick and saying "Now get ready quickly before I drag you out by this."
I thought about bending her over the bed and just taking her there and then, but there was a bit of me that liked being teased and another that liked being ordered around, sexually at least.
"I can't walk out with a raging hard on."
"It would be quite an entrance." Sarah said, obviously very amused.
"Will I put shorts on?"
"Nothing's hiding that, and besides no one else will have any on so it'll be even more obvious."
I saw her expression change, a smile forming and then spreading as an idea formulated in her head.
"We couldn't, could we?"
"Couldn't what?"
"It's bold, even for me."
"What are you talking about?"
Sarah looked at me, her hand still squeezing my dick.
"Do you trust me?"
I looked skeptical "Sometimes."
"I want to do something that'll completely shock them, take their breath away."
"Your parents?"
"And their friends. Mummy's a bigger tart than me so won't mind, daddy might be shocked at his little girl but he'll get over it."
"What are you talking about?"
"Just bear with me, this is going to be fun. For it to work you have to do exactly as I tell you."
"What is it?"
"Stop asking questions, trust me." She said, pulling my dick hard as she did so. She got busy and started giving out instructions.
"Put on a short, tight t shirt." She told me, before letting down her hair and messing it up as best she could. Then she went to her suitcase and took out a tube of lube. We never used lube when having sex, Sarah always getting wet enough to accept my large dick in her tight pussy.
"What's the lube for?"
Sarah didn't answer, instead giving me a sexy wink and planting a blob of lube on my dick, vigorously spreading it around. I groaned.
"Don't you dare cum."
"Stop wanking me off then."
She stopped and instead rubbed lube up and down her pussy lips.
"Right, I think we're nearly ready."
"Ready for what?"
"I want us to walk out there, you with a raging hard on and me with a wet pussy, looking like we've just been screwing. I can't wait to see their faces."
"You're fucking mad and besides you haven't got the look right."
"How?"
"Your pussy lips would be a bit open and inflamed looking, especially if this had been in them." I said pointing to my incredibly engorged cock. If any more blood went into it I think it would burst.
"They'd hardly notice."
"They will if they know sex, and besides why take the chance of messing up your little show, there's only one thing for it." I said, forcefully pulling her to me, meaning to kiss her but instead digging her in the tummy with my dick.
"Fuck, that's rigid."
"Turn around and bend over the bed." I said, taking some control of the situation.
"You have two minutes only, then we're going outside, don't cum, I want your todger rock hard when we walk out." Sarah said, smiling, turning and bending over.
Whilst I loved the sexual escapades Sarah got me involved in, there where times when I thought 'fuck you, I'm gonna do what I want' and this was one of them.
I looked down and it was my favorite sight in the whole world, Sarah with her arms in front of her and her arse stuck up in the air. I could have cum just looking at her. We had never had anal sex, only managing some anal play; Sarah pointing out, quite understandably, that she sometimes had trouble fitting me in her pussy, not alone her arse. However, she had said the same thing about oral sex, but after much secret practice with a variety of vegetables she could now accommodate some of me in her mouth. I lived in hope.
Sarah had a tight, pert bum. When she was bent over her cheeks would separate, leaving a glorious view of both her holes. I honestly didn't think I could trust myself not to cum. I bent over and stuck my tongue as hard as I could into her anus, trying to force my tongue through the sphincter. Sarah let out a gasp, her muscles contracting a bit, not expecting my assault. I brought my hand to her well lubed pussy, and finding her hole slipped a finger in roughly. Sarah was squirming a bit, I think not all together happy with my roughness. I was literally pinning her lower half to the bed with my head, my face cheeks rammed against her arse cheeks as my tongue continued to probe and invade her arse. I slipped a second and then a third finger into her and was vigorously finger fucking her, and starting to have more success with my tongue.
I thought the two minutes must be up and without a tongue extension I was getting no further into her arse. I pulled my fingers out and my face away and stuck my index finger, probably more brutally than I intended, through her sphincter.
"Ouch!"
I wiggled my finger around a bit before removing it and allowing Sarah to stand up. It was the roughest I'd ever been with Sarah and I immediately felt pangs of guilt, although I had enjoyed it and probably would have gone further if time allowed.
Sarah stood up, her face flushed and angry looking. "Bastard!"
I tried my best cheeky grin and stood back and looked at her, before moving and standing behind her.
"Now you look the part."
"What?" I actually think in her anger and surprise Sarah had forgotten about wanting to shock everyone.
"Well your hair is disheveled, your face is red, I could hang a towel off your nipples and both your arse and pussy are red. They won't know which way you've been fucked, but they'll believe you have. Maybe you should try smiling though. Shall we go?"
I looked at Sarah and thought she was about to cry, my heart melted and I felt like a right cunt. I held her tight and started to apologize. I suddenly felt a sharp shooting pain going from my scrotum to my stomach.
"Ha ha, fooled ya." Sarah said, squeezing my balls harder and sticking her nails in before letting go.
"Shall we go?"
I tried to straighten up and catch my breath as I followed Sarah's sexy butt outside.
Sarah stopped just as she was about to step onto the patio; all the emotion and the discomfort I still felt in my balls had caused my dick to shrink to a more normal size as I came beside her.
"What happened to you?" Sarah said, laughing at her own joke as she looked down at my dick.
"I don't know what you're laughing at, from my stubble rash on your bottom it looks like you've been getting fucked up the arse for the last half hour." We both laughed at this.
"Right, that's Muriel Collins and she's a slag, and that fat lump there is her husband Bill, he's a bit of a letch and a perv."
"I take it you don't like them." I said smiling, having never heard Sarah talk about anybody else like that before. She smiled back.
"They've been friends of my parents for years, when me and the girls were teenagers Bill would always want to swim or play games with us, always trying to cop a feel. Never did anything but that's because we never gave him the chance. She thinks she the wildest of the wild, always reckoning she's more adventurous than anyone else, but she's got no class."
"Unlike yourself." I said smiling and looking at Sarah's red bum and inflamed pussy.
"You think I've got no class?"
"I think you're the classiest, sexiest woman I've ever met." I said, putting my hand on her bum and pulling her in for a kiss, my fingers planted firmly between her cheeks.
"Come on, let's give them what for." I said, breaking the embrace and stepping onto the patio.
Groping Sarah, combined with the warm sun and the eyes of the four naked people watching us brought my dick back to life and as we walked to the table I could feel it gently tapping off my thighs.
"What kept you?" Asked Jane, standing up from the table. She really was a sexy woman, by dick giving away my thoughts, if not my face.
"I think they've been busy dear." Muriel said, also standing up. She had a smirk on her face as she looked the two of us up and down. She wasn't an unattractive woman, but whether it was what Sarah had been saying or something else I'm not sure, but as I looked at her the word 'Lizard' jumped into my mind. Any positive effects Jane had had on my libido being quickly undone.
Dave and Bill both stood now and Muriel came over and hugged Sarah, giving her big exaggerated air kisses to both cheeks. "It's so lovely to see you again and to meet your new beau." As she said this Bill gave Sarah a hug and I was watching his every move. He pulled her close, trying to discretely thrust his hips forward a bit, his big belly stopping his cock reaching Sarah. He had both arms around her and the lower hand slipped smoothly down to one of her bum cheeks. I didn't know if I wanted to punch him or laugh. He was such a sleaze but it was so obvious that it was laughable. As he let go I looked at Sarah who just threw her eyes up, slightly shaking her head as if worried I might say or do something. I wondered what the expression on my face was. Then it was my turn.
"Muriel, Bill this is Michael, Sarah's fiancé." Jane said.
"So lovely to meet you Michael, Jane and Dave have been telling us all about you."
She was nearly a foot shorter than me and as she got close she put her hands up around my neck, pulling me slightly down and herself up, before planting a kiss right onto my lips, holding it there whilst she pressed he boobs into me and brought her right knee up between my legs, only stopping once it made contact with my dick. I think if I had opened my mouth she would have stuck her lizard tongue in, thankfully I kept it shut. My dick was another matter, despite me finding this woman slightly repulsive it responded to the touch of her knee. God I hated my dick sometimes. She let me go, letting out a big "oooh" obviously encouraged by the effect she'd had on my dick.
I saw Sarah looking, 'Really? You have got to be fucking kidding me.' For once I could read her mind. I just wanted to scream 'Sorry, it's not my fault!'
Bill came over, thank god he only shook my hand. Neither Bill nor Dave and Jane seemed bothered by or even to have noticed that I had just been sexually accosted and snogged by Muriel.
Everyone went to sit down and I wanted to sit next to Sarah but was beckoned to sit between Jane and Muriel, with Jane between her dad and Bill. Boy girl, boy girl as it were. As I sat down Jane put her hand on one thigh and Muriel on the other, both gently rubbing but thankfully not moving upwards. For a change I was pretty oblivious to their touch, being more interested in what Bill was doing with his hands. I looked across at him and at that moment his hands were around a tumbler of what looked like whisky, a far away expression on his face. I studied him more closely and despite a deep sun tan he had an unhealthy pallor to his skin and a bulbous drinkers nose. His belly, rather than being fat was swollen, little veins barely visible under the skin.
My attention was taken by Jane asking me what I wanted to eat and drink. Everyone was eating now but my eyes kept being drawn back to Bill, he wasn't eating, instead just taking small sips of his drink. After a while he started to fall asleep, Jane also noticing.
"Bill why don't you lay down on one of the loungers, on second thoughts why don't you lay down on our bed, Dave and Sarah will help you."
As they helped him inside I noticed for the first time how infirm he was and how skinny his legs were. As they went Jane turned to Muriel.
"What have the doctors been saying?"
"Not much, just that the damage is done, not much they can offer."
As she was talking Sarah and her dad returned, Jane filled them in.
"Muriel was just saying that the doctors haven't got much to offer."
"We did ask them about a liver transplant but they said he wasn't suitable as he was still drinking. He says it's the only pleasure he has so he won't give it up."
"It's not his only pleasure, he still managed to squeeze my arse as we were putting him on the bed." Sarah said, to good hearted laughter.
I thought how funny life is, only a little while ago Sarah was talking about him with utter distaste, but now we knew how sick he was we felt differently about him and Muriel. I also thought about myself and my own alcoholism, if I hadn't gotten off it two years previously I would have ended up like that.
Muriel continued talking and when she had finished began to cry. Jane leant across me to comfort her and I tried to signal for her to sit in my seat but she stayed leant across me, virtually pinning me into the chair. After a moment I became aware of her boobs and nipples rubbing off my arm that was on the arm of the chair. She was rocking slowly backwards and forwards as she comforted her friend. She must have been aware of what was happening as I was sure her nipples were getting harder and my body responded in kind. I Iooked over the table, Dave was just staring and Sarah raised a quizzical eyebrow.
"You cry as long as you need to, let it out." Jane was saying, then "Will I show you something lovely to look at."
"What?"
Jane sat upright and pointed down at my semi erect dick, already seven inches and wide.
"Wow, that looks yummy and it's not even fully grown yet."
"I knew that would cheer you up." Jane said, both of them giggling like young ones.
"Michael would you be a darling and get us more white wine from the fridge?" Asked Jane.
My cock had gone down a bit but was still fairly big, "Of course." I said as I stood up, stopping where I was, my cock and balls dangling only a couple of feet from either of their faces. I stood there enjoying the attention, aware that they were both staring directly at me.
"Anyone want anything else from the kitchen?"
"I'll have a coffee." Said Sarah.
I initially found instant but then decided to make a pot, one because it was nicer and I wanted one but also because it took longer and gave them more time to talk with Muriel. As I returned carrying a tray they were all talking and sniggering, they stopped and Jane said. "Domesticated as well as gorgeous, you'll have to keep him."
"I fully intend to."
I sat next to Sarah as Jane was now in my seat, she leant in and kissed me, her hand going to my thigh, "Thank you." She said. As she pulled back I was aware of silence and everyone staring at us.
"I have one more job for you."
"What's that?"
"I want you to shag Muriel."
Before I could protest or say anything for that matter, Muriel said, "Please, please Michael, I know I'm an old hag but I really need it. I haven't been fucked in ages. I could go to the club but they're just Viagra fueled wrinkly cocks, most of which I've had before anyway. Besides I'd love to try one that big, please."
Thankfully for once my dick was not responding. With an honest face I was able to say.
"Muriel you are not a hag, very far from it. You're a very attractive woman and normally I'd jump at the chance to be with you but I can't get it up at the moment, I think it must be all the traveling and stuff."
I could sense Sarah about to say something but I stood up before she could, showing everyone my flaccid cock to illustrate my point.
"It still looks fairly big." Said Muriel.
"I know it does, but as they say 'you can't play pool with a piece of string'." I said warming to my subject.
"Did you have a wank when you were inside." Accused Sarah.
"No I didn't!"
"Thank goodness for that, I don't like cream in my coffee." We all burst out laughing.
When we settled Jane said, "I could be a fluffer."
"A what?"
"You know a fluffer, they titillate the male performers in the porno movies, get them hard so they can perform. I could titillate Michael, do whatever it takes and then he can shag Muriel."
I looked in disbelief at Jane and then at everyone else to see if they were as shocked as me, they evidently weren't .
"I've got an even better idea, why don't we make a porno movie, you three can be in it and daddy can film it."
"Splendid idea!" It was the first time I'd heard Dave talk that afternoon.
"And what will you be doing dear?" Asked Jane.
"I'll be the director." And with that Sarah went into total director mode, walking around as if scouting locations.
"Right, we'll start over here in the garden and then move to the pool, daddy you go and get your camcorder. Mummy are these loungers very strong?"
"Well we haven't christened them, so to speak. But they are new and quite expensive so they should be strong."
"Great. Now I just have one more concern, Michael was bursting to cum when we were in the house, I don't know how long he can last."
I interrupted "Do I have any say in this thing?"
"Michael stop being such a prima donna. Do you need to cum now and take a rest before we start filming or can you get it up twice and cum twice on camera?"
"Cum twice on camera."
"That's the spirit old boy." Piped up Dave.
This was so strange. The way Jane had just spoken to me was exactly how Sarah or her sisters would have spoken. For them sex, or at least this type of sex was to be taken, given and enjoyed. They would take their pleasure from you and if you enjoyed it, great! If you didn't they would still take theirs and it was your hard luck.
It struck me that this was how men had treated women since the beginning of time and if I had to do my bit for womens liberation then so be it. Really I was just a horny dog, but this thought made me smile.
Sarah told me to put some shorts on as I was going to pretend to be a gardener,
"We'll at least make some effort at believability, you wouldn't be gardening in just a t shirt and no shorts. Mummy I want you and Muriel to pretend you're lesbians and Michael catches you making out. I'll leave the rest up to you to improvise, I won't be shouting directions as we'll hear them on the film. Ooh this is so exciting, it's liking turning all those naff porno movies on their head, you know where a pensioner gets off with an unbelievably pretty and nubile eighteen year old."
"Steady on, we're not pensioners yet." We all laughed.
"Now mummy one last piece of advice. Michael responds positively to being told off by older women, don't you Michael." Sarah said this whilst looking at me, giving me daggers. She was obviously still a bit pissed off and jealous at the vibe between me and Joyce, one of her students, the previous afternoon.
"I adore sexy older women." I said, putting my arms around Muriel and Jane's waist and walking over to the garden area.
The scene was set, I was stood behind a bush pretending to garden and as I walk around I was to come across Jane and Muriel. The rest was up to us. Jane and Muriel were having a confab, deciding what they were going to do when Sarah shouted, "Right everyone, action!" She really had taken this director shit to heart.
I stood for about a minute examining a flower, the name of which I have no fucking idea, before strolling around the bush to where I knew they were stood. What a sight. Jane was about an inch taller than Muriel and a slightly bigger build, but she seemed much bigger as she kissed Muriel, one hand holding Muriel's head whilst the other pinch her right nipple, hard by the looks of it. Muriel for her part had one hand on Jane's hip and the other between her legs. The reason Jane seemed bigger hit me, Jane was in control, Muriel allowing her to do whatever she wanted. Whether this was acted or the way they were I didn't know, either way it was hot.
Dave and his camera mainly concentrated on the women, occasionally scanning to me. It was then that I remembered that I was meant to be part of the scene. I stood with a look of lust on my face, not acted. I started rubbing my already hard dick through my shorts before, with a bit of difficulty, removing them. My member was fully upright and glistening, I started to pump it slowly as Dave zoomed in for a close up before returning to the women. I was very aroused and would really have to work hard at not cumming.
The woman seemed oblivious to Dave standing close and moving around them, lost in their own worlds. Jane's head was now at Muriel's boobs, biting and sucking, Muriel letting out little yelps as her hands clawed at Jane's back. Sarah motioned for me to move closer to them, only stopping me when I was close enough for Dave to get us all in the same shot. She demonstrated with hand signals that she wanted me to wank. She caught Muriel's attention and got her to look at me. She soon caught on and exclaimed in a girly voice "Ooh you dirty pervert!"
They separated and made a good show of trying to cover themselves up, using their hands and arms, it was a wonderful site, both women s nipples rock hard looking and their tits bouncing around as they wriggled about. For my part I decided to play the dirty perv, standing there masturbating with a dirty big grin on my face.
Jane took control, putting on her best school mistress accent, "Now young man stop that at once, that is not acceptable behavior, you'll go blind." I nearly laughed at that but managed to keep a straight face, stopping wanking and looking, I hoped, suitably abashed, my head tilted down.
Jane came closer, "Now young man what is your name?"
"Michael." Well Michael do you know it's wrong to spy on people?"
I nodded, my head dropping even further.
"Have you ever seen a naked lady before."
I shook my head.
"Are you still a virgin Michael?"
I nodded again. Jane stood there as if thinking. Without warning she took both mine and Muriel's hands and dragged us quite forcefully over to the pool and the sun lounger, Dave and his camera following up behind.
Jane pointed at Muriel, "Now Michael, this here is a tart, do you know what a tart is?"
I shook my head again. "Well a tart is someone who will let you do whatever you want to them, do you understand?"
"I think so."
"Good, now as this your first time I will tell you what to do, is that understood?"
I nodded. Muriel was playing her part, stood with shoulders slightly hunched and not making eye contact.
"Right tart, lay down on the bed, lift your knees up and open your legs wide." Muriel did as she was told. Jane moved us both so we were at the foot of the bed, looking down at Muriel's gaping pussy.
"That's a beautiful site isn't it Michael?"
"Yes." I said, telling the truth.
"Tarts enjoy being looked at, don't you tart?'
"Yes."
Jane squatted down and I joined her, she pointed to Muriel's pussy and bum hole, both fully exposed.
"You see those two holes." I nodded "Well with a tart you can stick that big boy of yours, pointing to my dick, into either one of them, you can even put it in her mouth, do you understand?"
"I think so."
"Good, I like a quick learner."
Jane put her hand to Muriel's pussy and slipped a finger deep inside her, Muriel groaned.
"You here that sound Michael?"
I nodded again "That's the sound of a tart begging for more." She stuck another finger in deep, eliciting more groans before removing her fingers and spreading Muriel's lips wide, exposing her completely.
"Now Michael, you are going to stick your tongue deep in here." She said, almost shoving my head into Muriel's groin. "Stick your tongue in deep and hard, move it about." I could hear Muriel moaning.
"Michael you see this hard bit sticking out" She said, touching Muriel's clit "I want you to flick it and lick it with your tongue." I did as I was told and Muriel started squirming on the lounger, her moans becoming louder. I was aware of Jane moving and then I heard her say,
"That's it tart, lick my arse and fanny."
I looked up, Jane had straddled Muriel and was squatting, facing me. Her arse was barely an inch above Muriel's face and she held her squat without even wobbling as Muriel lifted her head to lick her. I nearly came just looking at them, all this gorgeous flesh around and the bit that most turned me on was the thought of Jane's strong thighs and strong core. I went back to my licking and Muriel soon had a raping orgasm, her pelvis bucking up to meet my mouth as she came.
"Cut!" Sarah shouted.
I helped Muriel up and as we all stood there Sarah said, "You were all incredible, but mum I didn't know you were such a good actress."
"Who said I was acting." She said with a smirk and a wink at Muriel before walking over to Dave.
"Are you ok?" I asked Muriel.
"Oh god yes, that's the most amazing orgasm I've ever had, it was incredible. Jane certainly knows how to push my buttons."
We watched her as she stood giggling with Jane and Dave, I turned to Sarah. "How are you feeling?"
"Very turned on, I nearly joined in with you there."
"You can't do that, you'll spoil the continuity of this high class production." We laughed
"Is that it?" I asked.
"I doubt it, they look like their deciding on what's next."
"Michael." Jane called over "When you get hard for a second time after you've cum, is your dick the same size?"
I laughed, a bit puzzled "I have no idea, why?"
"We're planning on having a blowjob competition, I just want to make it fair."
"They have to be joking." I whispered to Sarah.
"I think it's a wonderful idea. Mummy I think your best bet is to both suck him the first time, he'll just have to make sure he doesn't cum till you're ready."
"I think you're probably right dear, shall we begin and put the poor boy out of his misery."
They came over and lead me to the lounger.
"Would you like the backrest up so you get a good view of proceedings."
I said I would and adjusted the chair, laying down and waiting for the fun to begin. It was decided that Jane would go first, to give Muriel as much time as possible to recover from her orgasm. I started laughing.
"What's funny?" asked Jane.
"This is funny, it's like it's an Olympic event or something, I half expect someone to blow a whistle when it's time to start." We all laughed.
Jane knelt beside me, "Now Michael, I don't mind if you have to close your eyes and think of wet fish or whatever you men have to do not to cum."
"I don't want to miss a bit of it." I said staring straight at her. A wicked grin spread across her face and she begun.
With all the chatting and laughing my dick had gone soft and she was easily able to fit it in her mouth, slowly sucking and swirling her tongue around the bell end. As it rapidly began to grow she kept it in there, the walls of my dick pressing into her teeth. Finally she let go, taking a deep breath as dribble fell from her mouth, it was a very erotic sight.
Once freed from the restraint of Jane's mouth and with the vision that was Jane's face my dick soon grew to it's full size, the very large glands at the top being it's most notable feature.
"Wow that's big." Said Jane, her face only inches away. As if to demonstrate for the camera she held it against her face, the base near her mouth and the top protruding well beyond her ear. She licked around the top and in the slit, causing my dick to jerk. She slowly took me into her mouth and I had to ask her to be careful of her teeth as her mouth was straining to fit over it.. I felt incredibly aroused and the feel of this beautiful woman's warm mouth on my shaft had me nearly exploding. She tried taking more of it in but started to gag with what looked like about half of my cock still outside. She kept herself there and that gagging/gurgling sound was driving me crazy.
"Daddy, try to keep the camera still." I heard Sarah say and turned to see Dave, camera in one hand and wanking with the other, the sight of his wife gagging on my dick obviously turning him on. Sarah's eyes were fixed on her mums head as the slight bobbing movements continued. I thought I would cum any moment and said so.
"Jane, if you don't stop I'm going to explode." She let me go, a big smile on her face as she massaged her jaw.
"I thought I'd get more in than that." She said as she leant forward and kissed me. "It's the girth, it fills your mouth up so much." She stood up.
"Right tart, it's your turn." she said, both of them laughing.
'Watch and learn bitch." Muriel said, doing exaggerated jaw loosening exercises as she came over to me. We all laughed which helped me relax a bit and the cumming sensation abate.
She started by kissing me and sticking her tongue nearly down my throat, god she had a long tongue.
She took hold of my dick and laughed that her fingers no where near met around the girth. She started licking the head as if it was an ice-cream, her tongue making large circles without her head moving. I was transfixed and felt a small amount of sticky pre cum ooze out, Muriel eagerly lapping it up. She took me into her mouth, taking three quarters of me on her first attempt. This was as far as anyone had ever gone. She held me there, allowing her mouth and throat to get used to the sensation. Slowly she pushed on, her tongue swirling as she did so and blowing my mind. I felt the warm air from her nose on my short pubic air, my god, she had the whole of my dick in her mouth and was still pushing forward, taking more and more of it down her throat, her nose rammed into me, her tongue trying to lick as she did so. I felt my body convulse and my mind go blurry as stream after stream of spunk left my dick and went straight down her throat, her face never moving from my crotch.
When she had finished I was hardly able to breath, let alone talk. The coolest of all of was Muriel who just sat with a satisfied, Cheshire cat grin on her face. I think the rest of us were a bit mind blown at the incredibly erotic action that had just taken place.
After I don't know how long Sarah asked me if I had had enough, or more precisely she pointed to my reddened knob and said "I think he's had enough for today."
"Ooh I don't know, I think with the right physiotherapy and some kind loving he could go another round."
"No fucking way, that was wild, I don't think you're getting hard again anytime soon."
"Want a bet."
It was my turn to take control. I asked Dave if he still had space on his disk for more film and he said he had a whole free disk
"Right who's going to help me so we can do some real fucking" Sarah just looked on bemused as Jane and Muriel volunteered.
I laid down on the lounger again "Jane I thought that was really hot earlier when you squatted over Muriel's face, could you do that for me."
"Ooh that sounds like fun, it'll be my pleasure."
"I think it's time our director made her cameo appearance, what do you think Jane."
"Oh definitely."
"I don't want to."
It was my turn now, I gleefully said "Don't be such a prima donna, it's only sex."
Sarah gave me a withering look and I thought there was no way she was going to change her mind. Jane came over and cuddled her, holding her reassuringly before starting to talk. "My wonderful child, this has been the most erotic, sexy, amazing experience I have ever had and I know Muriel and your dad feel the same. And it's all thanks to you and this beautiful man you have found. I can see that he loves you deeply and that he would never do anything to harm or upset you. You've shown him how wonderful and liberating sexual freedom can be and encouraged him to embrace it. He only wants you to enjoy it as much as we all are and if I know you the way I think I do then once you let yourself go you will enjoy it immensely.
I could see Sarah thinking before turning and slapping her mums arse, it must have hurt because Jane let out a loud 'Ouch' before calling Sarah a bitch. Turning to me with a triumphant smile on her face, Sarah said "Where do you want me?"
I smiled back and mouthed 'I love you' before getting Sarah to remove her t shirt and sit on a chair beside the lounger, telling her to slide down and spread her legs wide. When she was in position she said. "Happy now?"
"Nearly. Dave are you ready with the camera?" He gave me a thumbs up. "Jane you come and sit on my face like I told you and Muriel I want you to lick Sarah's pussy till she's screaming for you to stop."
"Yummy." Muriel said, she really was wild and would do anything I think.
I looked at Sarah, she was in a little bit of shock I think. As far as I know she had never had another woman go down on her.
Jane came and stood above me, her legs either side of the lounger, level with my nipples. I reach up and put my hands on her hips and very slowly pulled her bum towards my face. Thank god for her strong thighs, every time she lowered a couple of inches I would stop her, soaking up the incredible sight in front of me. Her large, firm arse was so gorgeous I wanted to sink my teeth into it, and as she lowered herself and lent forward her cheeks separated, nearly causing my heart to stop and my dick, which had flagged a bit, to go flag pole rigid. I brought her closer, her anus and glistening pussy clearly visible, the lips beginning to part as her legs moved further apart. When she was just an inch above my head I stopped her again, breathing in her sex smell. I lifted my head and stuck my tongue to her anus, probing and licking, she squirmed and then put her hands behind her, pulling her cheeks apart to give me better access.
I was aware of Dave just behind me, trying to get a close up. I lowered my head, allowing him an unobstructed view of her puckered hole. I brought my hand around and rubbed her hole, still wet from my tongue, with my finger. I then had a brainwave, I moved her a bit further back so I could pull her pussy to my mouth and exposing her arsehole even more. I lifted my hands to her back and pushed her head down towards my dick, causing Jane to put her hands down to support herself. Jane let her weight go and lowered herself completely onto my face, pinning my head to the mattress with her arse and pussy. The pressure was a bit uncomfortable but the whole scenario was so erotic and wild that I didn't care. She started nibbling at my dick. A definite mixture of pleasure and pain, causing my dick to twitch and jump.
She started to rock her pelvis back and forward, using my head, that was still firmly pinned down, to stimulate her pussy and clit. The pressure and speed increased, Jane using the whole of my face for her pleasure. One second my nose would be buried in her arsehole the next it was rubbing against her clit. She was insatiable, completely lost in her lust. I had to screw my eyes tight shut to stop her free flowing juices from entering. I laid there waiting for her to finish, thinking that she would have a very sore pussy when she finished, what with the pressure she was applying and the stubble on my chin. I felt her begin to tense and she stopped moving, her thighs tightening against my head and then she gushed, covering my nose, mouth and chin in her delicious, gooey cum.
She lifted herself off and turned and kissed me gently on the lips, whispering "Thank you."
I looked over at Sarah and Muriel who were just sat watching us, big smiles on their faces.
"Did you get to cum?" I asked Sarah.
"Oh god yes, Muriel has a much better tongue than yours, very long and talented." She said, turning to Muriel and snogging her. I smiled, remembering Muriel's tongue.
"I can't wait to see the video." It was then that an idea came to me.
"Muriel, you ready for more fun."
"Is the Pope a catholic?"
We all laughed and Sarah moved behind her, putting her arms around and beginning to caress her boobs and pussy, Muriel leaning back into Sarah and kissing her. This was a wonderful sight and I watched them for a while,, slowly masturbating as I did, but I had other ideas.
"Muriel would you suck me rock hard and then let me fuck you."
"Ooh yes please, what hole?"
"What?" I was a bit confused then remembered what Jane ad said earlier.
"Your arsehole." I eagerly said, never having had anal sex in my life.
"Naughty boy." Smiling "I haven't got any lube with me."
"Sarah has."
Sarah pinched Muriel's nipple hard, causing her to coo rather than yelp "You really are a tart." Sarah laughed and went and got the lube. Muriel had already started sucking me before Sarah returned and Jane was on her knees in front Dave, her head bobbing to and throw. Sarah just stood smiling and shaking her head at the scene in front of her. Muriel was down towards my feet, pulling my dick hard down towards her. When she removed her mouth my dick shot back up, making a loud slapping noise as it hit my stomach. She licked her lips and turned and kissed Sarah, she then took Sarah's head down onto my dick, virtually forcing her to take me in her mouth. Sarah had never been able to take much of my length in her mouth and was soon gagging as Muriel pushed her head down. It was an incredible sight and an incredible sensation. Muriel was brutal, pushing Sarah further and I could see her eyes watering but she kept going, my dick going deeper than it had ever done. Muriel began using her other hand to slap Sarah's arse, three, four slaps, getting harder, seven, eight, harder still. The effort of the slapping releasing the pressure on her head, allowing Sarah to come off my dick but she stayed bent over, taking the punishment Muriel was dishing out.
Out of breath Muriel stopped, straightening Sarah and kissing her deeply, lovingly almost. I looked on lustfully, incredibly aroused by everything in front of me. When they finished kissing Muriel said, "Now where's that lube." We all laughed, releasing the tension. Muriel gave out instructions.
"I'm going to suck that delicious cock one more time; Sarah my darling I want you to play with my arse, prepare it for that huge dick. I've never taken one anywhere near that big but Bill did once stuck a large cucumber up there, I still don't think it was that big." We all laughed again. "Sarah I love having my arsehole licked, have you ever licked an arsehole?" Sarah shook her head. "Oh goody, you're both virgins so to speak. Stick your tongue in as far as you can and then when you can go no further use your fingers, two should go in easily, but get as many in as you can. His dick is as thick as your wrist."
I heard Dave grunting, taking my attention away. I looked over and Jane stood up, cum dribbling from her mouth. God, this was erotic.
"Draw up some chairs and take a seat, watch the tart work her magic." Muriel said, almost showman like.
She took me in her mouth, bottoming out almost immediately, she was some cocksucker. Sarah did as she was told and started on Muriel's upturned arse. All I could see was her hair and the top of her forehead as she buried her face between Muriel's cheeks. Muriel was obviously enjoying it, wiggling and pushing back as Sarah pushed forward. The tongueing she is getting from Sarah is taking much of her attention, she keeps me in her mouth but her head and tongue stay still, thankfully preventing me from cumming.
Sarah's head lifts, her face smothered in juices, a wicked, wicked smile on her face. She looks delighted with herself. I watch as she lubes up her fingers, Muriel goes to lift her head up but I push it back down again. She bites into my dick, I get the message, she's the boss. Sarah inserts a finger into Muriel's arse, seemingly with no resistance. I can see her hand moving in and out, Muriel moving and wiggling in time with her. Sarah lifted her other hand up, showing me three fingers. She had three fingers up Muriel's arse, wow. I mouthed to her, 'My turn'.
She removed her fingers and rammed her pelvis into Muriel's arse, as if fucking her, Muriel's head jolting forward, her teeth scraping against my dick and hurting me. I grimaced and Sarah laughed, bitch!. She grabbed Muriel's hair and pulled her upright and to my surprise stuck her fingers into Muriel's mouth, Muriel sucking hard before removing them and kissing Sarah hard. I found this both exciting and gross. I couldn't help wondering what her fingers tasted of.
Muriel looked at me with a wanton look in her eyes, she told me to put the lounger into a semi seated position. She got Sarah to lube up my dick, watching as she coated it, at first gently and then pumping it as if I needed any more stimulation. When she was satisfied Muriel turned her back to me, putting her hands behind her so they rested on my hip bones and told me to pull her cheeks as wide apart as possible. I obliged and was greeted with a wonderful view of her already reddened anus, ever so slightly gaping and the skin stretched taut around it. I couldn't imagine that my big dick was ever going to fit in there. She called out to Dave.
"Dave darling, I want you to get the best shots ever, no one will believe me that I took that monster up my bum, I want photographic proof to show them and for me and Bill to masturbate over."
Poor Bill, Muriel's husband, laying on the bed indoors, too sick to join in. I felt a pang of guilt and then saw Muriel looking at me asking was I ready, was I ever.
She lowered herself till hole made contact with my dick, holding herself there, ever so slowly increasing the pressure. My engorged gland, red and glistening with the lube, looked to be at least ten times bigger than the hole it was supposed to be going in. I was transfixed by the sight, her hole slowly stretching with each downward movement. Sarah and Jane were so close, watching, that I could almost feel their breath, although I think they were holding it most of the time. Muriel's own breathing changed, panting and moaning loudly as she forced me in side of her. She called to Sarah to stand in front of her.
"Kiss me and bite my tongue, pinch my nipples hard." Sarah didn't need to be told twice and immediately attacked Muriel with a sexual ferocity I hadn't seen in a while, she was as horny as the rest of us.
Muriel pushed further, the head of my dick miraculously penetrating her small opening, I swear I heard a plop sound as the head disappeared up her hole. She pulled her head away from Sarah, panting faster, getting used to the feeling. "Feels incredible, so big, so full." She panted out in short breaths. It really did feel incredible and tight, her sphincter muscles squeezing me like a vice.
I felt the muscles begin to relax, she kissed Sarah again and I heard her say, "Pinch my nipples harder, scratch me, slap me, bite me." Sarah's eyes widened, she was as much into this as the rest of us. She looked behind Muriel as she started to impale herself further on my rod. The width of dick looked impossible, painful and incredibly erotic all at the same time, Sarah just gently shaking her head in disbelieve and mouthing 'Wow' to me.
Sarah went back to Muriel's mouth and I heard her yelp, Sarah had bitten her lower lip making it bleed and then squeezed the lip with her own lips to make it bleed some more. Satisfied that she had enough of Muriel's blood on her lips and chin, she pulled her head back to show us both before sticking her face into Muriel's boobs and biting at the flesh.
Muriel was now lost in her own ecstasy, shouting, whooping and moaning as she pushed deeper and deeper. "Aah, deep, fucking deep, fuck me, hit me, finger me, aah, slap me you fucking cunt, slap me."
Sarah stood and slapped Muriel's face, not too hard but enough to stop her shouting, through all of this I had just laid still, allowing Muriel to use my cock and enjoying the show. Nearly too afraid to push upwards lest I hurt Muriel. She was still only half way down my shaft, probably another four to five inches of thick cock to go. Sarah put her hands on Muriel's shoulders and started to push her down, I could feel her muscles splitting apart as she took this large invader deep into her. Sarah's mouth was next to Muriel's ear, whispering filth and biting at her lobes.
Muriel bottomed out and she sat there panting hard, her whole torso rigid. Sarah became gentle, kissing her neck and shoulders, caressing her skin. This was incredibly erotic to me and I joined in, leaning forward and putting my arms around Muriel, gently touching her belly and breasts, letting my fingers roam downwards and gently running my finger over her pussy lips, moist with excitement and sweat. We stayed like that, all caressing each other, sighing and cooing in contentment, virtually oblivious to the fact that Muriel had my fat ten inch dick stuck up her arse.
I lent back and brought Muriel with me, she planted her feet more firmly on the ground and started to lift up and down, riding my cock with her arse. We found a rhythm and Muriel began riding high, lifting up and plunging down with each stroke. It felt incredible and I knew I couldn't last much longer. Muriel's breathing also changed and she started masturbating and soon brought herself to the edge of climax "I'm gonna cum, I'm gonna cum." She shouted, and so was I. I put my hands on her hips and rammed her down hard, twice, before exploding deep inside her arse. She shuddered and slumped back into me, drained of all energy and emotion. Sarah cuddled us both and I could feel my dick shrinking and Muriel's muscles closing, filling the gap.
"Anyone for refreshments?" Jane asked and we all burst out laughing.