Sonya silently played in her pussy moving in the rhythm of Marietta's arm. The familiar sweet smell filled Sonya's nostrils once again. Marietta had a satisfying orgasm and then got up to go clean herself. She stopped dead to see Sonya standing behind her playing in her pussy. It's was Marietta's turn to be embarrassed. She was caught. She froze. However, her friend was openly masturbating again looking at her in the eye.
"No...it's...ok...Marie.." Sonya said between each breath. "What...you did...was HOT! I...think, I'm going...outside to CUM again!" Sure enough, Sonya turned around and went out to the patio to finish herself off out in the open. She walked right out there without looking to see if people were outside. She had another orgasm softly moaning. Satisfied with her latest sexual display, she stretched. She was still outside naked on the patio.
Marietta just stood there in amazement. Did her friend prefer to go outside naked just to cum? Before she had time to process, Sonya walked back inside. "Are you not supposed to remove the forest between my legs? Let's do that now!" Sonya pulled Marietta by the hand to take her to the bathroom.
Stammering Marietta said, "I th—think its time for another shower." Marietta saw Sonya's legs were covered in her heavenly juices again. She did not recognize who this woman was that was in Sonya's body. However, Marietta had a theory. Every time Sonya went to sleep, she came back a little more open, a little more free, a little different. It appears that her nudity addiction and inhibitions diminish every time. That is the only explanation of why Sonya's behavior was different after she woke up from her nap.
Interrupting Marietta's thoughts, Sonya replied. "Of course! Let's take a shower together!" She then ran the water up to temperature and hopped in. "Come join me Marie." Sonya's hot wet goddess body was covered in water. "I'm officially a lesbian now," Marie thought to herself.
The two women explored each other's bodies and make sure soap covered all the important parts. Sonya was all smiles and giggles. Marietta wanted to romantically embrace this beautiful goddess that stood before her. She decided to go for it. "Sonya?" she said meekly in the shower. "Do you want to do something romantic Marie?"
Wide eyed, Marietta said "How..did you know?" Sonya replied "It's all over your face Marie. Now that I know for sure you are bi, who am I to deny your feelings! It's the least I can do considering all the I have dragged you through." Sonya pulled Marietta close and kissed her deeply. Initiating the embrace, Sonya held her best friend close in the most romantic position. She loved her best friend. While she still had mixed feelings about being exclusive to a woman, giving something important to Marietta mattered so much to her. The best gift she could give is her love and her body. Sonya like seeing Marietta naked. Marietta never wanted to see Sonya wear clothes again.
Fresh and clean, the two naked women stepped out the shower and dried off. Marietta gathered up the hair removal supplies looking forward to seeing Sonya's pussy up close and personal. Seemingly losing all inhibitions, Sonya comfortably spread her legs so Marietta had easy access. 30 minutes later, Sonya was clean and smooth down below. Even at rest, her prominent clitoris was visible and prod to be exposed. Marietta could not stop staring at it. Her lips wanted to get closer.
Interrupting the moment Sonya said, "Thanks so much! After being naked so long today, it feels nice to finally see all of myself! I'm really starting to fall in love with my body!" Marietta looked back at her friend lovingly. She was glad her friend finally found something that makes her happy. She knew her friend is going down a questionable path, but the sparkle in Sonya's eye was so genuine, she didn't want to take that away.
Marietta smiled back at her friend. She said, "Well, now that you are all the way naked, we need to talk about your clothing situation. You were really upset this morning because you couldn't put clothes on." The glow in Sonya's eyes faded again. It was almost like she had returned to her normal self.
"Marie, you are right," Sonya said. I don't know why my body had a strong reaction to clothing this morning. In fact I have been suppressing my thoughts about this ever since I passed out at work and went to the hospital. My subconscious is just saying 'no clothes' and I want to give into that. I want to explore and see how far this goes. All I know is that clothes are not what I need right now. Even I know I have changed so much already. I think me finally having that massive orgasm and watching porn and you seeing me naked and masturbating has just unlocked something that I don't want to put away. If staying naked is my key to happiness, I think I want to do what it takes to push myself to new levels. I had no shame or fear going outside naked on my balcony to cum. I think I'll need your help if I am going to fulfill my dreams.
Amazed and turned on once again Marietta said, "You mean to tell me you want to be this way? I mean you can't just go around naked all the time."
"I know I shouldn't, but I think I can get away with it," Sonya said breaking eye contact and looking down at the floor. Her bare feet shifting uneasily. "I have nothing else that makes me happy and today has been the best day of my adult life. I think I should continue to watch porn and masturbate naked on my balcony. I think I should stop wearing clothes too. I will need your your help to make this happen. I want to go naked outside my apartment too." She looked back up to her friend seeking approval.
"So, you are giving up clothes and you want me to help you go naked in public places?" Marietta said with an inquisitive look.
"Yes, I know this is breaking a total taboo, but you have seen how happy I was today," Sonya replied.
"Yes you were the happiest I have ever seen you. Where do you want to go naked?"
Sonya's eyes brightened. That sparkle appeared in her eyes. "I want to try as many things as a I can. I want to start tonight if you are up for it."
Marietta replied, "I would love to help you. I"ll look out for you and you can explore your new hobby of total nudity."
"Thanks sooo much!!" Sonya leaned forward and hugged her naked friend.
Sonya was going to go naked outside and Marietta may never see her friend wearing clothes ever again.
Nude proud and fully shaved, Sonya stood naked in front of her friend. Sonya's pussy was eye level with Marietta. Her large clit on display for all to see. Marietta moved back a little bit as not to be tempted to eat Sonya's pussy. "Like what you see?" Sonya asked proudly. "You know I do. Marietta quickly flicked Sonya's clit with her tongue." Teasingly, Sonya stepped back a little.. "Look who is being naughty!" She giggled.
Sonya walked out the bathroom. "Let's watch a movie or something. It is probably too early for me to go outside naked just yet."
"Are you nervous at all?" Marietta asked.
"I totally am. But I'm taking your advice. I'm just going to do it and try something new. I have conflicted feelings about all of this, but it feels like this is something I have to do. Also, on the way out of the room, I glanced over to my closet full of clothes and I hated looking at them. I had to close the closet door with my eyes shut because I don't want to see them anymore. I don't know what has come over me, but can't control this side of me. I just want more and more nakedness. I love the idea of being permanently nude."
"Maybe you should take a nap and think about this more?" Marietta wanted to see if her theory was correct. Knowing full well Sonya may wake up less inhibited than she had before. Sonya replied "No, not right now. I think I've slept a lot today already," she smiled warmly. The sun was beginning to go down. Sonya was standing naked in front of a window with the blinds open.
"Are you not worried about someone peeking in and seeing you?" Marietta asked.
Sonya said, "I am aware someone could see me, but given the fact I'm planning to go outside naked in a few hours, does it really matter if they can see in?"
"Are you not worried that someone would steal your stuff?" Marietta was just making sure Sonya was still in her right mind. Sonya replied. "Not really, I mean if they want an 8 year old flat screen and a bottom barrel computer from 5 years ago, more power to them." Sonya had a point. She did live a humble and modest lifestyle. Outside of her clothes and car, she did not have many items of notable value. Sonya also added, "This may the only interesting or meaningful thing I do with my life."
"Well, I guess you are ready to do this," Marietta said. "If you don't mind me asking, how did you transform so quickly again?" Sonya looked back at Marietta and gestured to her naked body.
"I think my body got tired of my boring life and stopped listening to my brain. I'm pretty sure I'm just along for the right right now. But it's been so fun and exciting to just live on impulse instead of limiting myself to a boring existence. Every time I have passed out, I woke up different. Even after my nap I felt different. A part of me is really scared at how far I'm going to go. But another part of me is taking over and I want to given in. I'm tired of being boring."
Marietta's theory confirmed, she continued to listen. Sonya continued, "When you found me naked on the floor the second time after I masturbated, I knew you were the one to help me see this through. Don't forget this was also the first time I watched porn and I love it! I find the traditional nudist lifestyle boring but there is something about getting naked in public I can't get out of my head. I have to try it! When I took a nap naked on the patio I had the most marvelous dream. The sun and air over every inch of my body was exhilarating. People were turning their heads to look at all of me. I had no idea where any of my clothes were and I didn't care! I was going to tell you but when I saw you getting off on the computer, I was so happy to see you that way. My body did this to you. I like having that feeling to just be naked and making you feel good looking at me. That's why I started touching myself while I was watching you."
"So you do know you are changing," Marietta replied. "I had also noticed you have become less reserved. There are may parts of the new you I really enjoy! The whole naked thing, I don't know how far you want to go, but you turn me on so much that I want to see it through to the end."
Sonya replied "I want to see how it feels to go outside naked in public for the first time, then I'll know my answer. After watching public nudity porn, I love watching the risks the women take."
Marietta replied, "Well, that's not real life Sonya. Some of those could be staged. While some of the amateur scenes are shot in public places, they are not fully nude all the time. What you are asking to do is a little more intense. I just want you to understand that."
Sonya was aware of her actions and she was still in her right mind. Albeit, she's developed some very kinky interests in the past 24 hours. A jolt like this was needed to reboot Sonya's life to what it is now. Add on top of the fact that she has been hiding this knockout body from the world. One more thing to add is that as a beautiful woman, walking around naked should prove to be easier to accomplish without legal action being taken quite as quickly. Marietta dare not mention this to Sonya for fear of how far she will go with her newfound lifestyle.
In response to Marietta, "Here's the thing Marie, I know what I would like to do is more extreme than the videos I saw online. That's the whole point in a way. They are wearing clothes and then exposing themselves in public. Something has happened where I just don't want to wear them at all. My sex drive has tripled, I know my cum has changed to some wild crazy inhuman scent. I know that you have smelled it. Its really sweet smelling and I have no idea why!" Marietta blushed.
"You shaved my pussy for me! We are sitting here butt naked! The fact I can even say any of this with a straight face and mean it is incredible!" Sonya began to smile. "I just don't want to live with limits anymore or fight myself. I've become obsessed with nakedness and I don't want to stop any time soon. Even if I get in trouble, I just want to say I did it and I finally lived my life instead of existing. I can't continue how I used to be. So I'm choosing the exact opposite."
Marietta just sat there looking at her naked friend. This new Sonya was indeed a force of nature. She openly admitted she doesn't care about getting in trouble while naked in public.
"Marie, you are never quiet. Do you have anything to say?" Sonya asked.
"That's a lot to take in Sonya. It sounds like you just want to give up wearing clothes and just see what happens. What if you offend someone? You can't go to crowded places anymore like stores if you choose this lifestyle," Marietta said.
"Well, have I ever liked being around people Marie?" Sonya replied. "I mean come on, I'm pretty reclusive as it is. Thanks to modern times, home delivery makes it so easy to only go out when you have to. If I need something from the store, you can get it while you are out. Or I can just ride with you and stay in the parking lot. I don't care to make sacrifices. I just want to do as much as I can naked."
Marietta was a loss for words. Even though she had so many orgasms today, she couldn't believe she was getting horny again. Sitting naked on the chair, she could feel her pussy getting wet. The whole time Sonya was talking, her clit has slowly growing and and rising. I was not sticking straight out from her fit slender frame. A little bit of cum was beginning to drip from her pussy. Sonya had become a total exhibitionist. Unable to control herself, Marietta gave into her own inhibitions and moved in to eat Sonya's pussy.