Chapter 11 - Consequences
Tom had poured their drinks and was in the process of ordering a pizza when Jessica eventually joined him in the living room. Having slipped on clean panties and a long baggy t-shirt after showering and cleaning herself up she felt a little better about the afternoon's events.
Not wanting to interrupt his conversation she dropped on to the settee next to him and snuggled in against her husband waiting until he had finished.
"We've got a 45-minute wait." He informed her as he disconnected the call.
She didn't answer and just sat quietly studying him, thinking about his reaction to Markov fucking her. He had said he still loved her but she couldn't help but wonder if things had gone too far.
'Did he really still want her?'
'What if she had to do it again?'
'Had he meant it when he told her how much it had aroused him?'
"It really turned you on like you said?" Finally, she spoke, her voice little more than a whisper as she gazed at her husband questioningly.
"What did?"
"Watching another man have me like that. Watching me cum on his cock like I did. It really turned you on?" She continued, her eyes never leaving his face.
"Yes, it did and I'm sorry. I was angry and jealous too but most of all I was aroused." Putting the phone down he looked at her and nodded miserably, "You were right when you said we should never have started this."
"Don't be sorry. We said we had to be honest about it all and it's important that we are." Jess reminded him, "And there's no point crying over it now, we're committed for better or worse."
Tom paused and thought about it for a second.
"What about you? You enjoyed him fucking you, didn't you? You certainly came enough." The question was delivered with more venom than he intended.
"Yes, physically it was amazing. But it was still just sex, it could have been anyone." She snapped at him, a little taken aback by his tone, "I was so turned on by the time he had me I would have come like that whatever."
"Sorry babe. I'm still... still processing everything that's happened." Her husband responded quickly.
Jess smiled, "It's ok, me too, it's all been a bit of a shock. How I felt and everything."
Tom took a sip of his beer, "And what about tomorrow? He won't let it go with just the one shag. He thinks you're his girlfriend now, he'll probably want you to spend the night."
"You're right." Jess agreed with him, picking up her glass and taking a mouthful from it, "But hopefully I'll have a plan, and anyway, we got the information that we wanted."
He smiled, "You did. But that just raises another question, exactly who the hell is Frank Harwood?"
"That's one for tomorrow, tonight it's just about us. Please?"
"OK." He agreed with a grin, "But what about tomorrow evening?"
"If I can't think of anything else I'll phone in sick. Tell them I have my period or something." Frowning she thought about how she could get out of working the following night if she had to, "I can't strip if I have a tampon in me. Can I?"
"And me?" He looked at her, raising an eyebrow inquisitively, "If I don't go in, they'll suspect we're together and anyway, after you left, he warned me off you."
"That's true." Jessica looked thoughtful, "I guess you'll have to go in if I don't but I'm not sleeping with him again. Ever."
Tom grinned again, this time with relief, "I'm pleased to hear it. I wouldn't want you getting fucked like that every day, you'd go off me."
"Never. I love you." His wife told him, meaning it, "I've told you that. But there might be... others."
"I love you to and I guess we'll have to deal with the others if and when they occur."
"It's more likely to be when rather than if, I think." Jessica leant up and kissed him.
"Probably." Tom reluctantly agreed with her, his heart sinking slightly at the thought of what else they might have to endure.
"So, I think that maybe we need to go out for a drink tomorrow lunchtime. Then I can have a word with Danny Brookes."
He looked at her with a puzzled expression on his face, "Why? Have you got a plan?"
Jess tapped the side of her nose, "Just wait and see. But there's no way I'm going to be Gregor Markov's girlfriend and whore."
'Maybe not his but you might be someone else's. Someone like Danny Brookes.'
Tom thought but didn't say it.
With the discussion over for the moment they cuddled up on the sofa to spend the rest of evening together in front of the television. The only interruption the delivery of a large deep pan pizza which they consumed along with the rest of the bottle of wine.
Jessica woke first the following morning feeling quite stiff and more than a little sore between her legs. She couldn't remember ever having been fucked like she had the day before, first by Gregor Markov in the club and then by her husband when they got home.
It was still early and the sun was barely up so she slipped quietly out of bed and, after a visit to the bathroom, she headed to the kitchen. She was seated at the table working on her laptop with a mug of coffee when her husband finally emerged from the bedroom.
"You were up early." Standing in the doorway he leant against the frame.
Looking across at him nervously when he entered the kitchen, she felt her pulse rate jump several notches. Despite what he had told her the previous evening she was still terrified that he might not want her any more.
"Hi." Jess hesitated, biting her lip anxiously, "Are we still... you know... ok?"
Tom leaned over and kissed the top of her head, "We will be when I get a coffee."
She gave an audible sigh of relief, her heart rate slowing, "I just wondered that... maybe you... you might have... you know... changed your mind."
He sat down opposite her with his coffee, "Jessica, I will never change my mind about you. If anyone is going to do any changing it will have to be you."
She looked at him with total relief in her eyes and started to cry again, a few tears running down her cheeks until she wiped them away, giving him a small grin.
"I'll never change the way I feel about you."
"So, what's the plan for today then?" Tom thought he needed to change the subject before he ended up dragging her back to bed.
Jessica turned back to her laptop, "I've been looking. There's not much at all about any Frank Harwood online. No social media, no references, nothing at all."
He frowned thoughtfully, "I guess I'll have to check on the police database. How about the other guy?"
"Ah, yeah, Danny Brookes. That's different. He's the licensee at the three bars DeLuxe entertainment own. Again, no social media but he was arrested a few years back for GBH but not convicted."
Jess sipped at her coffee as she updated him on what she had found and waited for him to reply.
"Well, none of that helps us with Gregor Markov and you working tonight." He stated with concern, knowing that the strip club boss would want to fuck his wife again if she went in to work.
"As I said I have a plan." She grinned at him, "But I think I need to find Danny Brookes for it to work."
Tom gave his wife a slightly puzzled look and sipped his coffee but didn't ask her to elaborate.
"Let's get some breakfast sorted first? We have a few things to do today so we're going to be busy." Finishing the last of her coffee Jess pushed herself up from her chair and declared resolutely.
You going to tell me what is going on?"
His wife shook her head, "Nope, you'll just have to go with me on this one."
After they had eaten, showered and dressed Tom put in a quick call to the station to check on Danny Brookes and Frank Harwood. The response from Lisa confirmed Jess's findings that Danny Brookes had been arrested for GBH but the case had not gone to court when the two witnesses had declined to give evidence. However, as far as Frank Harwood went there was nothing, not even a speeding ticket on record.
With that done they set out to visit the rest of DeLuxe Enterprises business acquisitions. They had three bars to check, all belonging to the company; The Sportsman, Maxwell's and a wine bar called Pinot Noir.
The closest was The Sportsman and thirty minutes later he was parking up a short distance from the bar. Turning off the engine Tom went to get out of the car with his wife.
"It might be best if I went in alone." She suggested hesitantly, knowing her husband would be concerned about her safety, "If he's there he might be more willing to talk to me."
'On the chance he might get in your knickers.'
The thought immediately sprang to Tom's mind as she said it.
Fortunately, he could also see the sense in her proposal so he, rather reluctantly, agreed that he would just wander around outside in case he was needed.
Jessica paused before opening the door to the pub and quickly unfastened the two top buttons on her shirt to show a lot more cleavage than was decent. Then, taking a calming breath, she went into the bar by herself.
Tom could see through the bar window that she was the only woman in there and every pair of male eyes turned to follow her tight denim clad backside as she walked up to the counter. Outside, watching as discretely as he could he saw her speak to the man serving.
They talked for a few minutes, Jess shaking her head at first then nodding briefly before, a short while later, she emerged smiling broadly.
"The barman was very helpful. He said Danny Brookes should be at 'Maxwells' this lunchtime." Jess informed him succinctly refastening the two buttons on her top that she had undone.
"Was that all? You seemed to be chatting for a while."
"Well, he did ask me what I was doing tonight?" Jess laughed apprehensively, "When I said I was busy, he told me Danny would be more than happy to get a visit from a looker like me."
'Here we go again.'
'How many of the gang will she have to fuck.'
Tom kept his thoughts to himself and didn't comment as the two of them made their way back to the car.
It was about twenty minutes' drive to the next bar where they hoped to find who they were looking for. This time Tom parked outside and went in with his wife although he did hang back when she went across to talk to the barman.
"Hi, I'm looking for Danny Brookes." Jess went straight up and asked the man behind the counter.
He looked her up and down for a moment, smiling lustfully, and then shook his head, "Sorry love he ain't here."
"But...."
His smile changed to a frown, "I just told you, he ain't here."
Standing back Tom was just beginning to wonder if their search was going to prove fruitless when a customer went over to join in the conversation.
"Hey I know you. You're that stripper Sapphire, you work at Sin City don't ya?"
Jessica blushed.
"Err... yeah, I am." She reluctantly admitted.
"Fucking hell, I saw you the other day. You were amazing." The stranger continued, "And you're fucking gorgeous."
"Thanks." She giggled, her cheeks going even redder.
His intervention seemed to change the tone and after exchanging a few more words the barman nodded and went off into the back.
"What was all that about?" Tom asked immediately Jess came over to join him while they waited.
"Well at first, the barman didn't want to talk to me at all. He just said Danny wasn't here. Then that other guy came across because he thought he recognised me." She said with a rueful smile, "He wanted to know if I was Sapphire who danced at Sin City."
Tom's expression was one of concern.
"It's ok, I don't think he was trying to pick me up. He just wanted to say he'd seen me stripping and thought I was really good. Anyway, that seemed to change the barman's mind. He's gone to find Danny."
She couldn't help but grin letting her husband know how much she had enjoyed the compliment.
Before they could continue Danny Brookes stepped out from the back of the bar and walked towards them.
He wasn't a big guy, maybe around 5' 10" and a few inches shorter than Tom, but he was stocky with a lot of tattoos on his arms. Jess guessed him to be in his mid to late forties with very short cropped grey hair and dark, menacing eyes.
"You the stripper who was looking for me?" He stared at Tom but spoke to Jess.
She nodded, "Yeah, I'm Jessica or Sapphire if you want to use my stage name."
"Who's the muscle?" Nodding towards her husband he enquired turning his attention back to her.
"Oh, this is Tom. He works security at the club." She informed him nonchalantly, "I asked him if he would come with me. Some moral support."
He shrugged letting his eyes wander unashamedly up and down her body while he smirked lasciviously at her, "Fair enough darlin, what is it want?"
"Can we sit?" Jess asked him moving towards an empty table, "I need to talk to you."
"Sure." The bar manager eyed her up unashamedly as they sat down.
Tom noted that Danny Brookes didn't offer either of them a drink.
Once they were seated Jessica started to disclose the details of her conversation with Gregor Markov the previous afternoon. Leaving out the fact he had been screwing her, she told him how he had openly declared that he was running prostitutes without the knowledge of his boss, Frank Harwood.
"Why would Gregor tell you this? You're just another tart taking her clothes off for money."
Jess paused wondering just how much she wanted to divulge to him before deciding she would have to admit everything that had happened if she was going to get him to believe her.
"He was fucking me at the time, trying to recruit me to work as a whore for him." She finally admitted, blushing again as she glanced momentarily at her husband.
"Can't say I blame him for that." He leered at her, "I wouldn't say no either."
"If you aren't interested..." Jessica went to get up.
"I didn't say that, but why are you telling me all this?" He seemed more than a little bored.
"Because he tried to recruit me and I'm not interested in getting involved in swindling the business owner." She tossed her hair back away from her face and stared at him.
"Very commendable sweetheart but what do you want me to do about it?" There was the same indifference in his voice but his eyes showed that he was more than engrossed in what she was saying.
It was Jessica's turn to shrug, "That's up to you, it's not my business he's cheating, is it?"
With that they got up to leave.
"When are you working next darling?" His question surprised the both of them.
"Tonight possibly. Why?" She twisted back to look at him.
He shook his head and smiled a little unnervingly, "No particular reason. Just curious."
Jessica looked at him for a moment as if trying to read his mind and then turned to leave again.
"So, that arsehole Markov really did fuck you?"
The quietly spoken question made Jess stop and started her heart beating faster at the thought of how she had been taken by the strip club manager.
The way Danny Brookes had spoken about it, making it sound like she was just a cheap slut, annoyed Jess immensely.
"I told you he did although I can't see why that's relevant to what I told you and, anyway, it's really none of your fucking business."
The anger in her voice was obvious from the way she spoke.
Brookes chuckled and winked, "I think that answer's my question. He obviously gave you a real seeing to. I might see you tonight."
Danny Brookes was still grinning knowingly as they left the bar to walk back to the car.
"Let's get a coffee, I need to calm down." Jess pulled her husband away from their vehicle and they made their way to a coffee-bar just up the street.
Seated in the café with their drinks Tom finally got to ask his wife what her plan was for getting Gregor Markov off her back.
"It's simple really. I have Plans A, B and C." She giggled.
"Well perhaps my genius wife can tell her idiot husband how they are going to work." He frowned back at her.
Enjoying herself Jess started to explain to him.
"Well plan A is simple. I've told Danny Brookes, now he tells Frank Harwood and the gang decides to deal with Markov who is ripping them off.
"Plan B, they do nothing and I have to tell the odious slug I'm not going to sleep with him or plan C, I do sleep with him and today has been a waste of time."
"What about phoning in sick?"
Jess chuckled, "Oops, forgot that one. Ok I have a plan D as well."
"Wow, let's hope plan A works then." He laughed and picked up his cup.
"Of course, there's always the chance Brookes will pass the information on to Harwood who it was who told him and as a result I might actually get to meet our man." Jessica added biting her lower lip knowing what that might mean for her.
'And then he fucks you as well.'
Tom sighed to himself he couldn't fault his wife's thinking although he did have a few reservations about her plans.
She had let Gregor fuck her to get the information she wanted and now it appeared the gang were into a lot more than running a scamming operation. Extortion and prostitution were also, very obviously, ventures they had deep interests in.
However, it was what they might do to Markov that bothered him. It was clear the sleazy strip club boss deserved whatever they did but Tom wondered if he would be condoning a crime with what he knew.
In the end he decided he wasn't. All they had done was to pass on some information.
What the gang did with it wasn't his problem.
Finishing their coffee, they walked back to the car and set off home.
"So, what are you going to do tonight?" He asked his wife tentatively as he drove.
Jess stared out of the car window and thought for a minute before answering, "I'm going to go in."
"And if he's there?"
"Then I'll tell him that I don't want to sleep with him." She declared trying to sound determined but failing miserably.
'Sure, that's going to work.'
Tom didn't answer and kept his thoughts on it to himself.
They still had a few hours to kill before getting ready to head off to the club so Jessica went back to the internet, looking for anything more she could find while Tom tried to just stay out of her way.
Starting her preparations early at just after 5 o'clock Jess went for a long soak while Tom had to wait until she had finished before he had the opportunity to grab a quick shower.
After cleaning up they ate and then, while he cleared away the dishes, his wife went to get her make-up on and pack her bag. Following her to the bedroom he stood in the doorway and leant on the jamb smiling as he watched his wife put on her cosmetics.
Settling in front of her mirror she started with her false eyelashes first, these were then quickly covered with a heavy layer of black mascara extending and blackening them. Eye-liner, a deep blue eye shadow, foundation and lip gloss completed her make-up, although she knew she would touch it up once she was in the changing room at the club.
By the time they were both dressed and she had re-checked her bag it was almost time for them to leave.
Their journey was conducted mostly in silence, neither of them wanting to voice their concerns that the sleazy manager of Sin City might well be there to greet them, despite Jess's best efforts to get the gang to remove him.
As usual, they took one car and parked a short distance from the strip club, walking separately to complete the journey so that they again arrived independently of each other.
Daryl was waiting for Tom as soon as he walked into the club and immediately pulled him to the side.
"We've got a bit of a problem tonight. Gregor's not here, apparently the big boss wanted to see him. So, I'm gonna be extra busy and that means you will be to."
He breathed a sigh of relief as the news confirmed that Jessica's plan had worked at least in part.
"Ok." Trying to look concerned Tom asked, "What do you want me to do then?"
"Work the floor and the VIP room as usual but keep an eye on the girls to. I'll have to cover for Gregor until he gets back." The security boss informed him then made off to do whatever he had to.
Jess walked in at that point and he quickly told her that Markov had been summoned to meet his boss just to put her mind at ease. The news sent her off to prepare with a big smile on her face.
At ten minutes to opening Jessica reappeared, changed and ready to dance in her purple outfit with hold up black stockings and her stiletto heels. As she took up a place at the bar Tom went to help Daryl unlock for what would likely be a busy Saturday evening.
A dozen or so punters were outside waiting for the club to open but as Jessica was third on stage, it gave time for a few more customers to filter in before it was time for her first dance.
So, when the DJ eventually announced Sapphire as the next act the bar was almost half full.
Tom was standing at the back watching his wife strip when Danny Brookes appeared at his elbow.
"She's a looker ain't she?" The voice beside him made him start.
"Oh hi, yeah, yeah she is." His attention was on Danny now, rather than Jess who was on stage opening her legs wide for a tipper.
"You and her are an item, aren't you?" It wasn't really a question.
Tom carefully considered his answer before shrugging, "Does it matter if we are?"
"Not to me and I'm running the place now, at least for the moment." He shook his head and smiled malevolently.
"Where's Markov?"
Danny Brookes gave him another evil smile, "He's been... re-assigned, shall we say."
Tom didn't answer instead he gave his off handed comment some serious thought.
"Definitely a looker, with a nice body too. I'm surprised you let that sleaze Markov fuck her. Maybe I'll have to give her a try as you're the obliging sort."
Tom bit his tongue as he commented on his wife again before moving away.
As soon as Jessica appeared from backstage, he told her about Danny now being in charge and his comment about Gregor Markov.
"Do you think Frank Harwood might make an appearance?" She deliberated, obviously wondering how she might get to him if he did.
"Guess we'll have to see." Her husband told her before he had to step back to allow a customer to ask her for a private dance.
Chapter 12 - Lap Dance
The evening continued in the same manner for a while with Jess doing several more lap dances. When, after she had just returned from her third on stage strip to sit at the bar, a smartly dressed man approached her.
"Good evening, Mr Harwood has asked if would care to dance for him in the VIP lounge, Sapphire?" It was a politely worded order, rather than a request.
Jess bit her lower lip and glanced momentarily past him to her husband as he listened from a few feet away. Her plan had paid off, she was actually going to meet the mysterious big boss.
"Yes. Of course. I'd be delighted to." She answered coolly, slipping off her stool.
"He'll pay you at the end of the dance, if that's ok with you?" The goon Harwood had sent informed her impersonally.
"Shall we go then." Glancing back at her husband as they headed towards curtained off entrance to the VIP area, Jess smiled weakly.
The security man positioned there had obviously been instructed as to what was happening and pulled back the drapes, telling Jessica they wouldn't be disturbed as she nervously stepped inside.
Despite his duties Tom knew he had to get a look at the mysterious gang boss.
Regardless of the fact his wife was about to strip for him he needed to see the man for himself and he headed to the walkway where he could watch exactly what went on.
Entering the VIP Jessica walked across to him, her hips swaying invitingly, she could feel the same aura emanating from the enigmatic and shadowy Frank Harwood as her husband could standing several yards away in the shadows.
"Good evening, Sapphire or should I call you Jessica?" The gangster smiled charmingly at her.
Standing in front of him in a lacey red bra, thong and red fishnet stockings she posed, one hand on her hip, and replied as sexily as she could, "Either will do, Mister Harwood."
Taking the opportunity to study him she noted that Frank Harwood was about 50, around six feet tall with steel grey hair he looked like he worked out, judging by his impressive physique. His tanned complexion suggested he either spent a lot of time in the sun or he wasn't a natural born Briton.
What was most apparent though was his dark brooding eyes, eyes that seemed to bore into her very sole and the air of power he exuded, an aura that she could feel just standing in front of him.
She also noticed he didn't invite her to sit.
"Please, call me Frank." He smiled charmingly, "After all I have to thank you for the information you gave my associate Mr Brookes on my former employee Mr Markov. It was most appreciated. He was defrauding us of a substantial amount of potential earnings."
The way he said 'former' sent a chill down her spine and she guessed Gregor Markov wouldn't be coming back to the club any time soon.
Taking out his wallet he slowly counted out a hundred pounds in twenty-pound notes onto the small table and looked up at Jessica, "So, are you going to dance for me Sapphire?"
She swallowed apprehensively. Dealing with Gregor Markov had been one thing. It was blatantly obvious to her that Frank Harwood would be something totally different. There would be no easy way to fool this man.
The pulsing beat of the music from the bar was piped into the room through speakers on the wall and, taking her gaze from the money, Jess started swaying her body as seductively as she could.
Losing herself in the rhythm she ran her fingers through her long blonde hair letting it tumble across her shoulders as she gyrated sexily in front of the gang's mysterious leader.
"I strip, and you can touch my breasts if you want."
She looked straight into his eyes and told him bluntly as she started to dance.
"Anything else?" He asked, his face expressionless.
"Anything else is against the club rules."
"It's my club." Frank Harwood told her casually and smirked.
She smiled impishly back at him, "Then you should know the rules."
With her cheeky comment she turned away from him bumping and grinding her bottom as she looked back over her shoulder. Then she reached up behind her to unsnap the hooks on her bra.
Holding the cups over her modest chest she spun around to face him and continued to sway enticingly just a few feet in front of him. Then pulling her top away to expose her perky tits, Jessica quickly straddled his lap, her knees either side of his legs. Her body still undulating as she rubbed her crotch along his hard length, only the material of her panties and his trousers between them, while she held his shoulders and smothered his face with her breasts.
"Can I fuck you?" Frank groaned, his hands sliding up over her body and onto her breasts when she leant back allowing him to freely grope her chest.
For a moment she considered letting him have her but then she immediately decided she didn't want to appear too easy. There was certain to be more information they would need before their investigation was over.
She needed to keep him interested in her.
"Sorry, it's against the rules Frank." Jessica told him apologetically, "But I'll go as far as giving you a hand job."
With that she stood up, her body still moving in time with the music, her hands sliding up her stockinged thighs and across her stomach up to cup her small tits, her fingers toying with her half hard nipples.
Frank was spellbound as Jess turned and bent over at the waist, lowering her head so her hair tumbled towards the floor. Spreading her feet apart she kept her long legs straight as she started to rock her hips, simulating being taken from behind.
Sitting just a half-dozen feet away from her Frank moaned softly staring at the thin strip of material hiding her moist slit. While looking back between her legs, she could see his cock was now fully erect and tenting out his trousers.
"OK a hand job then. We wouldn't want to break the club rules to much would we."
He sneered lustfully not taking his eyes from the area between the top of Jess's thighs.
She stood upright and looked back over her shoulder at him, her mouth open and her eyes wide as she spanked her own arse cheek.
"Ow!"
She squealed coyly, grinning, and gently rubbed her reddened buttock before spanking herself again and turning back so she was facing him again.
"You like?" Jessica whispered staring up at him, her hips swaying as her hands came down to cover her crotch.
"Very much." Frank leant forward, unable to resist staring at the gorgeous young blonde virtually naked before him.
Closing the few feet that separated them to stand astride his thighs Jess paused her body just inches from his face. Then she hooked her thumbs into the waistband of her thong and very slowly started to peel it over her hips. As she eased them down, she could see his eyes fixed on her slightly exposed mound, obviously noting that she was totally shaven.
"You want to see this pussy?" She whispered, batting her eyelashes and teasing him unmercifully.
Frank looked up and nodded, grinning at her cheekiness, "Oh, I most certainly do."
Jessica stepped away and turned her back towards him yet again. With her thighs pressed together and her legs straight she bent at the waist and slipped the thong the rest of the way down her legs. Untangling her knickers from around her shoes she stood upright, her red panties in her right hand.
"Well, you'll just have to wait." She whispered teasingly, dropping her panties onto his lap and bending forwards, she slid her hands up his legs to his hips, pressing herself up against him as she did.
Tom could barely breathe, watching his wife as she teased the older man. His prick was solid, filling out his jeans and aching for relief.
Looking up she smiled, the music all but forgotten, as she eased herself onto Frank's lap, her body tight against his.
"You are fucking something else young lady." He whispered as her hands pressed against his chest, moving up to the top of his arms when she straddled his lap.
With her hands on his shoulders, she pressed her breasts against him, and she could tell she was having an effect from the way the sizeable bulge in his pants felt against her slit.
Still moving to the music Jess leant back a little and started to tease her nipples with her index fingers, gently rubbing them and making her teats stand out like bullets.
"You like?"
Frank Harwood grinned at her lasciviously, "Yeah, I do. I like it a lot."
To Frank's surprise, she placed a finger against his lips, waiting until his mouth opened before gently slipping it between them.
"And do you like me doing that?" Jess murmured sexily.
Again, he nodded staring back into her blue eyes.
Jessica giggled, pulling her finger away and leant up pressing her swollen nipple against his lips. Surprised he opened his mouth as she pushed her breast against it, his tongue flicking the hard bud as he closed his mouth over her teat.
"Oh fuck.... aaahhhhh.... yes!" She hissed gently, letting him suckle for a moment before she pulled her tit away, leaving him open mouthed.
"Fucking hell Sapphire," He exclaimed breathlessly, his hands still on her waist, "You really are... something else."
Standing in the shadows on the walkway, his duties forgotten for the moment, Tom watched in disbelief as his wife effectively seduced the man they were trying bring down.
Lowering herself back down, sitting on his crotch with his bulge pressing between her labia she rocked her hips back and forth, gently grinding on him. His prick throbbed in his pants and he groaned as she started to slide herself up his body again.
Her hair brushed over his face as she moved upwards, her body crushed to his, then he inhaled as her small pert mounds rubbed against his cheekbones, the music mostly forgotten now as she tormented him.
Frank exhaled when Jessica pressed her belly button against his mouth, and he couldn't stop himself from flicking out his tongue to taste her flesh.
"Aaaahhhhh.... fuck!" Jess shuddered and jerked slightly but kept herself upright.
Her long legs were now fully stretched out as she stood on the sofa, her feet either side of his hips, and extended herself. Now right in front of his face, a mere 4 inches away, was her bare pussy. His eyes drank in the sight of her naked vulva, fully shaven, its outer lips glistening from her wetness.
She let him look for a moment then dropped her hand and cupped her crotch, hiding her sex from his gaze before starting to gently move her fingers back and forth rubbing herself, her hips rocking in time with her hand movements.
As he watched mesmerised, she splayed herself open, her fingers pulling her labia apart and giving him a perfect view of every intimate detail of her womanhood for the next few seconds.
Taking her hand away Jessica looked directly into his eyes and extended her middle finger and placing it between his lips.
"Mmmmmmmmmm." He gratefully opened his mouth and she gently slipped her digit into his mouth.
Letting him suck on it for a few moments she eventually eased it free and he watched intently as she placed it against her pussy, returning it to her slit and lightly pushing it into her entrance.
Frank couldn't stop himself from sighing with pleasure as her finger slipped easily between her pussy lips in one slow but smooth movement until she had it buried knuckle deep inside her.
Tom had never seen her do this in a lap dance before and, standing out of direct view, it was clear to him how she intended to ingratiate herself with the gang boss. She was almost certainly doing this with the intention of sleeping with him but, he wondered, would she actually do it now, here in the VIP suite.
"What about this? Do you like this too?" Jess bit her lower lip demurely as she fingered herself.
Frank swallowed hard as she slowly pulled her finger almost out of her cunt before sliding it back inside herself again. Barely blinking as she repeated the movements, slipping her finger in and out of her moist slit several times, before, to his utter disbelief she pulled her digit free and slid it straight back in between his lips.
Sucking on her wet finger, he could taste her as he swallowed, his saliva tinged with her juices.
However, no sooner had he done that than she pulled her finger free from his mouth and pushed her hips towards him, forcing her pussy almost into his face. Gently rocking she teased him letting him inhale the aroma of her sex before she started to slide down; the smooth skin of her flat belly pressed against him, then her firm little tits, pausing to allow him to suckle on her engorged nipples before she came to rest, straddling him, a beaming smile on her face.
Frank shook his head. "Fucking hell, really...you are something special Sapphire. I want to fuck you so badly."
Jess grinned, and started to grind her pussy on his hard bulge.
"Oh my, somebody's hard." She giggled naughtily.
Amazingly he blushed, his cheeks turning scarlet at her comment.
It was then that Jessica knew she had him. He wanted her and now she knew she would have the opportunities to find out the information they wanted.
Jess smiled naughtily at him, biting her bottom lip coyly, then placing her hands on his chest she started to ease her bum back down his thighs, pushing herself back until her feet were on the floor and her head was down on his lap.
She looked up at him, her eyes a picture of innocence and grinned while her hands felt for the buckle of his belt, undoing it before she unfastened the clasp of his suit trousers.
"You said you wanted a hand job, right?" Gazing up at him as she finally spoke, her voice little more than a hoarse whisper.
He nodded unable to tear his eyes away from her.
Standing in the shadows, totally engrossed, Tom couldn't take his gaze away either as she placed her hand on his bulge, squeezing it firmly her fingers tracing its outline.
Out in the VIP suite Jessica knelt in front of him and slid her hand further into his pants, slowly working it down along his length, keeping the pressure on his prick as she eased his shorts further down exposing his cockhead first and then the rest of his cock.
"Oh shit... Sapphire...Oh fuck..." He groaned, his manhood standing erect and upright.
Although she didn't comment Jess stared at his shaft. Long and solid she guessed it was at least 8" in length and thick, a lot thicker than Gregor Markov's had been, and that had filled her.
Her hand curled around it, her fingers not meeting, and she started to stroke. Working her small soft palm along his swollen organ, looking up at him as his breathing quickened.
Twisting and jerking his cock she could feel the veins pulsing against her fingers as his pole twitched in her grasp. Her eyes were locked onto his manhood while her soft fist pumped it steadily, her grip flexing to increase his pleasure.
At the side of the room Tom stared at his wife, his own erection painfully hard, as she gave the man they had been looking for a hand job.
Laid back on the sofa Frank let her pleasure him, her hand jerking him for several delightful minutes, until felt himself tense.
"Oh yeah, Sapphire...get ready... I'm gonna...." He groaned loudly as he ejaculated.
His body spasmed repeatedly, his cum spurting in thick ribbons from his raging hard-on while, kneeling at his feet, Jess kept wanking him, urging out every last drop of his cream. He looked down at her as she squealed, lifting her head as he jerked one final time, the last dribbles of cum oozing out over her hand.
"That's a good girl, sorry about the mess." He smirked.
She had a thick white rope of cum laying on her nose and across her lips while another glob had landed in her left eye gumming it closed and smearing her make-up.
His first two massive spurts had caught her full in the face before she could pull free.
"You really are, fucking, something else Sapphire... I really couldn't help... I... you... fuck... you were just so amazing." He laughed obviously unconcerned at what had just happened.
Jessica started giggling, her hand still holding his shaft, "Oh my god, I really didn't expect you to cum that much! Did... I really just make you cum like that?"
Frank nodded, "Yeah, you did. You were...well, fucking unbelievable babe. Are you with that security guy, Tom, isn't it?"
"Yes I am. In fact, he's working in the club right now." Jess told him. She hadn't bothered to wipe the cum from her face as she spoke, and it glistened pearly white on her cheek as she smiled.
He grinned lasciviously at her, "Well tell him from him that was amazing. Really, mind-blowing. Better than any lap dance I've had before. "
Putting her clothes back on she wiped most of his sperm off her face using her hand and the handkerchief he gave her, before scooping up the money and accepting an additional £20 from him as a tip.
Zipping himself up he watched her get dressed.
"Will you have dinner with me tomorrow night?" He asked her, "I'm sure your boyfriend Tom won't mind."
"I err... I suppose I could." Jess replied cautiously knowing full well what his intentions for her were sure to be.
Standing out of the way Tom could hardly believe his ears. She was agreeing to have dinner with the gang's boss and most likely to sleep with him. Stunned he made his way back to the bar.
The two of them reappeared a moment or two later and she kissed Frank on the cheek before he pulled her against him and planted his lips on hers. Pulling away she laughed and started making her way back towards her seat as he turned and left.
Tom looked at her questioningly as she came by him.
More than a little ashamed of what she'd done Jess whispered, "I'll tell it all later but right now I need to wash his cum off my hand."
The rest of the night flew by. Jessica did a couple more sets on stage and earned a few tips for opening her legs and showing her pussy to whoever paid her. She also did a three more lap dances, although none were anything like the one she had done for Frank.
She was the last girl on stage and it was almost 1.30a.m. when she emerged, dressed, from behind the curtains for her husband to take her home.
"So how much did you make tonight?" He enquired.
"Umm... Sapphire made £640 I think." She laughed, "Now she needs you to take her home and fuck her."
"You're not too tired then?" Tom said hopefully as they left the club together.
"Frank knows we're together." Jess said to him as they walked back to the car.
He nodded, "I know, Danny Brookes told me."
"Do you think it's a problem?" His wife asked him, a little concerned after what had happened and the fact she was going to dinner with Frank Harwood, on the Sunday evening.
"Not yet, but we need to be extra careful now." Frowning he was now worried about what this change in their situation might lead to.
We walked on a little way in silence, Jessica holding his arm.
"He asked him to have dinner with him tomorrow night." She finally told her husband.
"Hardly surprising after your five-star performance in the VIP lounge." His voice had slightly sarcastic edge, "I presume that you'll sleep with him?"
She didn't answer his question immediately. Instead asking him another.
"Did you enjoy it?"
They stopped walking and turned to face each other.
"Yes, yes, I did. It... you... you were incredible, I was so turned on." Tom admitted not wanting to look her in the eye.
Jess smiled and gave his cock a light squeeze, "Good, I wanted it to arouse you."
"So, will you fuck him?"
She looked at him for a moment, considering his question, "Forget our investigation, because I'll sleep with him just to try to get what I can out of him. Do you want me in his bed?"
"I can't believe I'm saying this but yes, I want him to fuck you."
"Good because I don't think I'll be able to say no to him if he wants me."
The conversation was over and they were left with their thoughts of what her dinner with Frank Harwood might lead to.
It was settled and they resumed their journey home and towards Sunday night.