We really didn't know Jack and Darlene all that well. They were friends of our neighbors two doors down the street. We met them at the neighbor's pool party last month and spent a very pleasant day and evening with the six couples in attendance. During our conversations, I learned that Jack and Darlene owned a boat that they docked at a lake 70 miles away. Both of them sported deep tans, so I assumed that they spent a lot of time on their boat.
Darlene confirmed my assumption. She told my wife, Dana, that they went to the lake almost every weekend during the season, and pretty often even during the late Fall and Winter months. "It's so relaxing, and a good way to unwind after a hectic week," she explained to Dana.
I learned that Jack traveled frequently in is corporate position, so he valued his weekends on the boat. I told him that I could identify with that plan, because I also spent time traveling a couple of times each month. "The many travel delays and the lines you have to endure going through tightened security sure makes air travel a hassle these days," I told him.
Jack seemed to take it all in stride. He looked to be in his late 40s and still in good shape physically. I estimated that he was just over six feet tall, about 190 pounds, and rather muscular. He had a ready smile and a thick head of brown hair sprinkled with gray, especially around his temples. Most of the men at the pool party wore boxer style trunks, including myself, but Jack sported one of those bright yellow Speedo suits that resemble women's nylon panties. Although nobody seemed to care, the bulge in his suit made it rather obvious that Jack was well equipped. I noticed that several of the women also noticed how he was endowed...including my wife, Dana.
Darlene drew the attention of most of the men around the pool. She was in her mid-forties and taller than most of the other women. Her curves were partially hidden by her brief black bikini. Her suit did little to hide her round bottom and firm bosom that hinted at some Hispanic heritage. We later learned that she her father was Cuban. Darlene was simply stunning as she splashed in the pool and then stretched out on one of the lounge chairs on the deck, sipping a margarita and laughing with Dana and our neighbor's wife.
After floating about in the shallow end of the pool for some time, Jack and I grabbed cold beers and joined the gals. Dana and Darlene were still chatting about the lake and the fun they had on the dock with their fellow boaters. "We like to anchor out in a little cove with a sand beach during the day," Darlene said. "We can lay out in the sun and when it gets too hot, we can slip into the lake and cool off."
"That sounds so nice," Dana gushed as she sipped her drink. "You look like you get plenty of sun," she added as she admired Darlene's tan.
"How large is your boat?" I asked Jack. "Can you sleep on it comfortably?"
Jack flashed his broad smile at me. "Oh, sure, it's a 42 foot cruiser and sleeps four very comfortably. It's air-conditioned and has a full galley and two baths. We can stay out on the lake, or go back to the dock, depending on what's going on that day."
"Wow, that sounds terrific," Dana exclaimed, obviously impressed.
Jack turned to my petite wife and grinned. "It's hard to describe how relaxing boating can be. You really have to experience it for yourself," he added.
Darlene nodded her head. "Yes, Dana, you two should join us next weekend and experience it first hand. We're open aren't we Jack?"
Jack agreed immediately. "Sure, we were planning to go, just the two of us, but it would be much more fun if you two came along. Ken, you can't believe how smooth the engines run when the boat is up on plane and slicing through the water. It's exhilarating!"
"Well, I don't know if," I began, but Dana interrupted me. "That sounds like so much fun!" she exclaimed much to my surprise. "We haven't made any plans for next weekend, and I know Ken would love to cruise around like the rich and famous, right Ken?"
Surprised at Dana's ready acceptance, I could merely nod my head, indicating my acceptance of Darlene's invitation. "Are you sure we wouldn't be a burden, Jack? It sounded like you were looking forward to being alone with your lovely lady on a deserted beach."
"No problem at all," Jack replied. "The only thing better than a lovely lady on a deserted beach is being there with two beautiful women!" Jack turned slightly and winked at me and I smiled thinking about spending a whole weekend ogling Darlene's marvelous curves.
Jack, I noticed, must have been having similar thoughts as he gave my wife the once over several times. Dana is so much different from Darlene. Dana is just barely five feet tall, with short, strawberry blonde hair along with the freckles that go with redheads. Dana's attraction is her bosom. She sports 38C boobs with perky pink nipples that beg to be sucked. She has a short waist, but nice slender legs and a cute ass that she can really wiggle when she wants to attract attention. "Hmm," I mused as we continued to talk together, "Jack seems to have taken a fancy to my Dana in spite of her conservative one-piece suit and lily white skin."
Jack offered to pick us up the next Friday afternoon so that we could all go in one vehicle. "Our SUV has plenty of room, and you won't need to bring much with you. Shorts and a T-shirt are all you'll need on the dock. We have food and plenty of adult refreshments in our dock refrigerator. Dana, you'd better pack plenty of sun block. It wouldn't do for you to get sunburned, now would it?"
I volunteered to bring snacks and extra beer anyway, which Jack readily accepted. "I make a killer guacamole," Dana added. "I'll make a batch and we'll throw in a couple of bags of chips." Obviously, Dana was getting excited about the upcoming boating weekend.
Later that week, Dana brought up our boat trip. "I think I'll go shopping tomorrow and buy a couple of new swim suits," she halfway suggested. "Maybe I'll try on a two piece," she added. I could tell that she was testing me out to see what I would say about that.
"Sounds like a good idea," I replied. "Darlene sure looked good in her little suit. You sure don't want to look like an elderly dowager out there on the lake, now do you?" I teased.
"I haven't had a two piece suit for several years. Do you think I'd look okay in one?" she responded.
"Honey, you'd look great in anything!" I chuckled. "I saw how Jack and the other men leered at you the other day and you were in your conservative one-piece then. Honestly, seeing the effect you had on the other guys got me kind of excited. Why don't you spread your wings a little and be daring. After all, Jack and Darlene will be the only people we know up at the lake, and we don't know them all that well!"
Dana seemed to respond favorably to my open attitude. I had the feeling that she was a bit interested in showing off for Jack, but she sure wouldn't admit it.
Dana did go shopping, but she refused to show me what she had purchased. "You'll see my new stuff at the lake," she taunted. "Don't worry, I think you'll like what you see."
"Yeah, and do you think Jack will like what he sees too?" I teased right back. My cute little wife just smiled cryptically.
I got back home from the airport late on Thursday evening, tired but satisfied with the new business I'd wrapped up. Dana warmed up dinner, and then we enjoyed a shower together before a welcome home romp. Dana seemed to be more aroused than usual, and that's saying something. She loves our sexy romps and can get quite vocal when I warm her up with my mouth and tongue. That night, she was insatiable and woke me up in the middle of the night for a second round.
I went to the office on Friday morning and took care of the most pressing business. After lunch, my mind kept wandering to our boating weekend, so I decided to take the rest of the afternoon off and relax in our pool for a couple of hours.
The house was quiet when I walked into from the garage. I looked around, then checked outside. I was happily surprised to see my wife's head as she reclined in one of the loungers. Pitching my briefcase on the sofa, I slipped my shoes off and began removing my clothes. "I've got plenty of time for skinny dipping before Jack and Darlene get here," I thought as I dropped my underwear and opened the door to the deck.
I quietly walked up behind Dana's lounger. She was stretched out on her back and completely nude! A plastic bottle of lotion was next to her right hand and her straw hat covered her face. I was mildly surprised to find her sans suit, because she usually wore a suit in our pool, even though I normally went naked.
"Hi, beautiful," I said as I leaned on her chair. "Oh, you scared me!" she squeaked as her hat flew off and she started to sit up.
"Don't get up," I said, putting my hand on her shoulder. "I like seeing you in all your naked glory. I'm just going to cool off a bit, then I'll join you."
I stepped into the pool and floated around for a few minutes. By the time I returned to the deck, Dana had turned over and I got a lovely view of her cute bottom. I sat on the other lounger and patted her ass, feeling the slippery lotion she had liberally applied. "Getting a little sun in advance of our weekend trip?" I asked.
"I'll still be as white as a ghost," Dana lamented, "but I wanted to get used to being in the sun, so I decided to take some time out here. I didn't expect you or anyone else to show up this early."
"I couldn't concentrate at the office, so I took the afternoon off," I responded. "I'm glad I did now. You look so adorable stretched out with your cute ass sticking up."
Dana smiled up at me. "I'll bet you say that to all the girls," she laughed. "Face it, Ken, I'll never have a tan to rival Darlene. She's so bronzed and beautiful. I saw you looking at her the other day."
"Well, I did take a quick look," I admitted, but I saw you eyeing Jack's Speedo too, you know."
Dana slowly turned over on her back and I again enjoyed the view of her bare breasts. I also noticed that she had trimmed up her strawberry blonde bush quite a bit more than normal. I pretended not to notice, but I secretly wondered why she had shaved off so much pussy hair.
We lay around and lolled in the pool for another hour or so. "I think we'd better get our stuff together. Jack and Darlene will be here pretty soon, and we don't want to hold them up," Dana finally said. Reluctantly, I stood and picked up our towels. We went in and took a quick shower together; enjoying soaping up each other and grabbing feels in the process. I began to stiffen as Dana soaped my balls and pulled on my cock. She felt me begin to grow and quickly rinsed off. "We don't have time to play now, you naughty boy," she teased. She stepped out to dry and I finished washing my hair. "I sure hope we'll have a little privacy aboard the boat," I chuckled. "You owe me one now for teasing me so much."
"I'm sure we'll have enough space for what you have in mind," my wife cooed. "I'll just have to be quiet and not disturb our host and hostess," she added with a sly wink that promised more than I had hoped.
I packed what I needed into a canvas bag and Dana stowed her stuff in a separate gym bag. We were in the kitchen loading the snacks and beer into a cooler when Jack and Darlene honked the horn to announce their arrival. Jack and I loaded our bags and cooler into the SUV while Dana showed Darlene around our house as she locked up.
Just over an hour later, we arrived at the dock and carted our bags and supplies down to their slip. Several couples greeted Jack and Darlene as we made our way down the dock. They introduced us to the others and promised to return for drinks after we got situated. "Gosh," Dana exclaimed, "everybody is sure friendly up here on the lake."
"That's part of the fun," Darlene replied. "We see the others every weekend, share our food, and just hang out together. It's a pretty close-knit bunch. You'll fit right in."
The boat was even more impressive than we expected. Jack kept it spotless and it's spacious deck certainly beckoned. "We named her Great Escape," Jack boasted. "That's just what we do when we come here. We escape from our normal life and enjoy being free as the wind. What happens here stays here, you know."
I caught the innuendo, but I don't think Dana was paying attention at the time. She and Darlene were busy putting things away and chatting.
Soon, Jack had the air conditioner running, cooling down the spacious cabin. Cold beer appeared and we sat on the dock relaxing and enjoying the view of all the fancy boats in the marina. Jack's boat wasn't the biggest on the dock, but it wasn't the smallest either. "Boy, this is the life," I exclaimed as I sat with my feet up, sipping my beer.
"We love coming to the lake," Jack replied. "We're among friends and when we're anchored out, we can do as we please. Darlene loses her inhibitions up here, so I usually get a bonus," he added laughing.
The girls changed into their swimsuits while they were below stowing the gear. Darlene stepped off the boat and sauntered across the dock in a yellow string bikini, showing plenty of skin along with the twin peaks of her erect nipples. My dick throbbed as she sat down in a chair opposite me and popped the tab on her beer. "God, it feels good to be back on the dock," Darlene exclaimed as she finished her first sip.
Dana emerged from the cabin and stepped onto the dock. She wore a brand new two piece suit. The bra was bright green and the triangles of cloth covered barely half of her 38C boobs! The bottom panties matched, but she wore a white sarong that partially concealed her from the waist down. She looked so sexy that I felt myself gasp as she walked barefoot across the deck to the only vacant chair. Jack had his back to the boat and didn't see her until she took her seat at the table. "Want a beer?" I asked after finding my voice.
"Thanks, honey," she smiled, "I'd love one." I stood and went to the fridge to retrieve her drink. As I returned, I noticed Jack ogling Dana with appreciation.
"Ah, Dana, green is one of my favorite colors," Jack quipped. "I love your look today."
Dana blushed at Jack's comment and made a half-hearted attempt at adjusting her top to cover more of her bulging tits. The attention caused my wife's nipples to harden in spite of her best efforts. Again, Dana blushed and glanced over at me. I smiled at her and handed her the beer. "You look great," I agreed.
"Dana's suit is brand new," Darlene advised Jack. "She bought it for this weekend, but she wouldn't let Ken see it until just now. I must say, she fills it very nicely," she added with a chuckle.
"I can't wait to see the bottom half," Jack joked back. "If it's anything like the top, I may have to wear her sarong!"
"I think I'll make some margaritas," Darlene stated as she stood and walked to the cabinet. She bent to get a large bottle of tequila and the bottom of her brief bikini slid into her rear. "No tan lines," I noted as I watched her set the liquor on the counter. She bent again and retrieved a blender, then filled it with ice from their freezer. She didn't bother to pull her suit down, leaving it as a semi-thong.
After pouring four margaritas, Darlene went below and returned with a bag of tortilla chips and Dana's large container of guacamole. "This ought to hold us till dinner."
Later, we wandered up and down the dock, chatting with the other boaters. We continued to drink margaritas and other drinks people offered during our tour. Dana was feeling no pain when we finally returned to their slip and shared a late night dinner. "It might be best if we turn in pretty soon," suggested. "I'd like to get an early start tomorrow, cause I want to show you guys a nice little cove up the lake. We can anchor out and spend the day relaxing. There's hardly ever anybody else there to bother us."
"We call it our "hang out," Darlene said. "When we go there, we can let it all hang out," she chuckled.
Dana was in rare form, having consumed more than her share of booze during the past several hours. "Gotta see this hang out," she slurred and giggled loudly. I glanced over at Jack and caught his slight wink.
Jack and Darlene went to their big aft cabin berth with a king-size bed and private bath. We had the berth in the bow of the boat. Although smaller, it contained a queen-size bed and a privacy curtain. The second bath was adjacent to our berth. Dana and I said good night to our hosts and slid the curtain closed. When Dana pulled off her sarong, I was shocked to see that her suit bottom was thong-style with thin strings holding the sides together.
"Wow, that is one sexy suit!" I exclaimed. "It shows your ass and half of your tits."
Dana turned with a frightened look on her face. "If you think it's too revealing, I can wear my one-piece suit tomorrow," she slurred. "I just thought I'd try to be a little more exciting for you."
"No, no," I quickly reassured her. "I think you look marvelous. I'll be waiting to see Jack's reaction when you pull your sarong off."
I removed my shorts and shirt as I spoke. Dana untied her top and let her soft tits loose. I quickly slid off my underwear and let her see my stiffening cock. "Here, let me get you out of those pretty bottoms," I urged as I pulled the thin strings that held them together. The bottoms were small enough that I now knew why Dana had trimmed her strawberry bush so narrowly.
"Being on this boat is so romantic," Dana mumbled as she stretched out on top of the sheets. "I feel like the Queen of the Nile."
I leaned down and kissed my sweet wife lightly on the lips then probed her with my tongue. She responded with surprising ardor and our tongues dueled as I began to fondle her pink nipple. "Mmm, that feels good," she murmured as I worked on each little nipple with my fingers, then with my lips. Minutes later, I let my hand wander lower and I was pleased to find her very wet slit already swollen with lust. "Turn around, honey," she urged, "I want to make you hard."
We got into the 69 position and she slipped my cock into her warm mouth, as I tasted her woman juice. "Oh yes!" she moaned as I began to lick along her slippery slit. Dana forgot how close we were to our hosts and I knew they must have heard her through the curtain and thin folding door. "Shh," I warned her. "They'll hear you."
I slid up the bed and turned Dana over on her tummy. Then, I pulled up on her hips and admired her upturned ass in the dim light from the dock. Moving my cock head up and down her slit, I teased her for a few moments, then let my hard rod enter her waiting warmth. Dana gasped into her pillow as I began to rock back and forth, letting my length slowly slide in and out.
"Oh, yeah, fuck me baby," Dana groaned into her pillow as I continued my assault on her womanhood. "You feel so good inside me."
It didn't take long for her pleading to overcome my reserves and I felt my balls tighten as a prelude to the large load of hot cum that soon splashed into her tight cavern. As I sprayed her cervix, I felt her vaginal muscles spasm as my wife enjoyed a crashing orgasm. "Oh God, oh yes," she moaned as her body shook and her legs finally gave way. She flattened on the bed and my cock popped out.
It was obvious that Dana was down for the count, so I opened the curtain and stepped naked to the bathroom door to get a wet cloth. In the dim light, I could see that Jack and Darlene hadn't closed their door. Two silhouettes sat upright in the middle of the bed. Darlene's figure was clearly on top and she was obviously impaled on Jack's cock as they rocked against each other. It was too dark to see clearly, but the sounds were unmistakable. I quickly stepped back inside our curtain and used the cloth to wipe Dana and then myself, removing at least some of the evidence of our recent lovemaking. Evidently, boating is quite conducive to fucking, even in close quarters!
The aroma of bacon woke me on Saturday morning. I stuck my head outside the curtain. Darlene, dressed in a large T-shirt, was turning the bacon while Jack refilled the waffle iron. He wore another tiny Speedo and a T-shirt. I pulled on my shorts and shirt, running my fingers through my hair. Patting Dana on her bare ass, I urged her awake. "Breakfast is ready sleepyhead," I announced. "Slip something on and join us."
The coffee was strong and the bacon was crisp. I was on my second waffle before Dana emerged from our berth. She was wearing my extra large Cancun T-shirt and her hair was still tousled. "Boy, I think I partied a little too hard last night," she said as Darlene poured her a cup of coffee.
"You had a good time, that's for sure," Jack agreed. "Fun on the dock, then fun in the sack, from the sound of it," Jack added with a wide grin.
Dana blushed again, a deep pink. "I got a little tipsy, I'm afraid. Guess I still am. I hope we didn't disturb you."
"Not at all," Darlene replied with a chuckle. "Actually, listening to you two was so arousing, we decided to have a little fun of our own. I think Ken can attest to that, can't you Ken?"
Surprised that I was spotted, I stammered, "Well, I was just going to the bathroom. I didn't actually see anything."
Darlene laughed heartily. "Maybe you couldn't see much because Jack and I were so tangled up together, but there was enough dock light for me to catch sight of you moving back and forth. Don't worry, I couldn't see all that much."
Everybody laughed at Darlene's quip and Dana rose to fill our coffee cups. As she leaned over the counter, the shirt rode up, exposing her bare bottom to me. She had left our berth without a stitch on under my long shirt! "Is this my super conservative wife?" I asked myself as she turned back to the table.
Dana and Darlene cleaned up the dishes while Jack and I policed the deck and got the boat ready for the day. About nine o'clock, Jack started the blowers, then the engines. He uncoupled the shore power and we loosed the lines. Slowly, we made our way out of the marina and Jack turned his yacht up the lake toward their 'hang out' cove.
The boat picked up speed as Darlene and Dana came on deck. Darlene wore the same black bikini she had on at the pool party. Dana wore her bright green thong with her sarong in place around her waist. Jack sat behind the wheel on the fly bridge and I sat next to him. The gals took their towels and moved up to the bow. They each spread a towel over the cushions. Darlene laid flat on her tummy, facing aft. Dana stood facing forward and removed her white sarong before sitting down looking over the bow.
"Holy shit," Jack whistled, "Dana's wearing a thong!"
"Yeah," I confirmed. "I saw it last night when we turned in. It's quite a change from her usual one-piece suit that's for sure."
"No wonder you couldn't resist a little roll in the hay last night," Jack confided. "From the sound of it, she enjoyed the hell out of it too."
"Were we that noisy?" I asked.
"Well, we didn't have our door closed, so your little curtain was all that was between you and us. We couldn't help but hear you. Don't worry, we enjoyed some sweet loving as well...as you know. Like we said, what happens at the lake stays at the lake." Jack smiled and slapped me on the shoulder. "Quite a little woman you have, Ken. Darlene would kill for a set of tits like Dana's," he confided. "I may have to spring for a boob job this winter," he added with a laugh.
"Darlene looks pretty perfect to me," I volunteered. "I can't see how bigger breasts would be much of an improvement."
Jack chuckled. "That's what I keep telling her, but you know women. She's a bit self conscious about her tits, but that doesn't keep her from showing them off under the right circumstances."
Jack's comment got my mental wheels turning. Would Darlene go topless once we arrived at their hang out cove? If she did, what would Dana think about that?
It took almost an hour of cruising before Jack pointed to a rocky point ahead. "That's the entrance to our hang out. If we're lucky, it will be empty."
Darlene was pointing to the entrance and talking with Dana as Jack pulled back on the throttles. As we cleared the point, a snug little cove emerged. It was empty as if it was waiting just for us. Jack maneuvered his craft into the back of the cove near a small sand beach and dropped the bow anchor. The yacht turned on the anchor, bow into the breeze. Jack turned off the engines and started the generator. The cove was fairly shallow, so Jack slipped into the water and laid out a kedge anchor on the beach to hold the boat in position.
Dana and Darlene joined us on the aft deck. We grabbed floats and entered the cool water for a swim. "Isn't this the life?" Dana called to me as she used her free hand to steer her float. The cooler on the swim platform provided extra beer as we lolled about and enjoyed the light breezes while the morning sun became warmer.
I moved my float next to Dana's. "It sure is, honey. I can see why they like to hang out here. It's so quiet and relaxing."
Darlene moved next to Dana as I spoke. "We like the peace and quiet, plus this is a spot where we can really let it all hang out. I have to tell you two that when we come here, that's usually what we do. I hope you don't mind if we decide to do just that," she added as a question.
Dana lazily turned to Darlene. "It's your boat and your cove, so I guess you can do whatever you please. We're your guests, so when in Rome, as they say."
Darlene smiled. "Good, I'm so glad you feel that way. I can't wait to shed this wet top and get comfortable!" With that, Darlene untied her bikini top and pulled it off, revealing her tanned breasts and perky brown nipples to us.
Dana's eyes widened and my groin began to tingle as we both gazed at her firm tits that showed no sign of tan lines. Before either of us could say a word, Darlene pushed her float and moved several feet away, facing into the sun.
"Did you mean what you said, about when in Rome?" I asked my wife as I observed her abashed look.
"I didn't know what she meant," Dana sputtered softly. "She just showed us her tits! Can you believe that?"
I chuckled. "She did do that. I guess she's not all that self conscious about her small boobs after all."
Dana frowned. "What do you mean?"
"Jack told me that Darlene would kill for a set of tits like yours," I whispered so Darlene couldn't hear. "He thinks she may even get a boob job this winter."
"She has a perfect figure...like a model," Dana whispered back. "I can't imagine what she's concerned about. I'd kill for a tan like hers."
"I guess that makes you even, honey," I replied. "Women always seem to want something they don't have."
"Maybe so, maybe so. Do you think Darlene and Jack expect me to go topless too?"
I looked at my wife as she lay on her float looking up at the clouds. Her mind seemed to be off in one of the clouds as she contemplated her next move. She seemed to be asking me for guidance.
"You said it yourself, honey," I stated. "When in Rome do as the Romans. You can do whatever you like here at hang out cove. Just try not to be a prude, okay?"
"You're a big help," she retorted. "But, I guess you're right this time. You just said that I can do what I like, so don't give me any static later on, okay?"
"That goes both ways," I responded and propelled my float a few feet away.
Jack called to us from the beach. "Who's ready for a game of washers?" he asked. "I've set the cans already. Come on in and we'll play a few games. Ken, bring the cooler with you on your float."
We gathered on the sand and Jack explained washers. "Basically, it's like horseshoes, only with big washers, so everybody can easily handle them. Ken, you and Darlene are partners and I'll take Dana. That way we'll have an experienced player on each team."
We each took several practice tosses. I watched Darlene bend and flip each washer toward the buried can. Her perky tits caught my attention in spite of my best efforts to ignore her nudity. I know Dana caught me gawking several times, but she said nothing.
Jack and Dana took their turns and I noticed Jack eyeing Dana's boobs. They jiggled enticingly in her tiny bra as she tossed each washer. The sun got warmer and soon we were all coated with a sweaty sheen. Jack and Dana won the first game when Dana put one of her washers into the can. "Great toss!" Jack shouted. "My partner's a pro already." With that, he pulled my wife to him and hugged her tightly. As he released her, he patted her bare ass cheek a couple of time. "Boy, I love that thong!" he exclaimed.
Dana glanced over at me and I grinned back. "Congratulations, babe, you just beat us with that toss. You won the game and a great big hug."
Dana seemed to relax after she saw that I wasn't upset by Jack's antics. I did notice that Jack's bulge seemed to be even larger after their embrace. "I'll bet she could feel his cock against her tummy," I mused.
Darlene got several extra points during the next game and we won by two points. "Where's my hug?" she asked as I finished my victory dance. I turned and she opened her arms to me. I held her to me and felt her hard nipples press against my bare chest. That, in turn, caused my dick to stiffen enough that it pressed against her thigh and she looked up into my eyes and winked. I decided against giving her a fanny pat, hoping Dana wouldn't be upset by the close hug.
Luckily, Dana seemed to ignore our victory hug and was talking to Jack. "Let's spice the game up a bit," Jack suggested with a grin. The winners of the next game get to remove a piece of clothing from one loser. Dana has two pieces and the three of us only have one piece. It's not quite fair, but I'm willing to accept those odds if you will."
I waited to see Dana's reaction to Jack's suggestion. She looked around the beach for a moment, checking for any signs of other people. "Well, when in Rome," she orated and shrugged her shoulders.
"Are you game, Ken?" Darlene asked. "I think we can beat them."
"Sure, I guess so," I mumbled. The image of my wife relieved of her suit top swirled through my brain as I agreed to go along with Jack's game.
Darlene was more enthusiastic. "Normally, we're both nude by now anyway," she stated flatly. "The beach is so much nicer when you're naked."
The game took a while. Nobody made more than one point per turn. The competition was intense now that the stakes were higher. As each team neared 21 points we were all sweating and aiming carefully. On her last toss, Darlene hit just ahead of the can and her washer slid in for a win! Jack stamped his foot in dejection. "Lucky shot," he barked.
Darlene turned to me with a smile. "Now, we get to take something from one of the losers. Do you want Jack's Speedo, or Dana's top?"
I was in a fog. "You made the winning toss, you decide," I said to pass the buck.
"Alright," Darlene replied. "I choose Dana's top. I'm dying to see her delicious tits."
Darlene stepped over to the losers and pretended to weigh the possibilities. Jack was grinning and Dana was looking down at her toenails. Finally, Darlene moved behind my wife and pulled the bow that tied her top around her chest. She let the strings dangle, the triangles still covering her nipples. Then, she pulled the strings around Dana's neck and the bright green top fell to the sand. Jack watched intently and licked his lips as Dana's pink nipples became exposed to his gaze. Darlene moved around to Dana's front and admired her naked breasts.
"God, I'd love to have tits like yours," she admitted. "They're so round and soft. So suckable."
Dana's blush reached up to her hairline and down onto her bare chest. "Thanks," she murmured. "I like yours too, she admitted sheepishly."
Jack grinned at me. "Ken, you're a lucky man. I'll bet you were fondling those pretty hooters last night. All they need is a little sunshine."
Darlene picked up Dana's top and pitched it over next to the cooler. "Shall we play another game?"
"Might as well," Dana agreed. "We're all even now."
The next game went fast. I made two ringers and Darlene made another. We won by six points. "You got the most points," Darlene stated, "so you must choose this time."
I didn't hesitate very long. I took Darlene's hand and marched over to Jack. "Darlene, I want you to remove your husband's Speedo. He's had that big bulge hemmed up for too long."
Darlene knelt in front of Jack and hooked her fingers into each side of his suit. Slowly, she tugged down his suit and we watched as his thick cock came free from its nylon cage. He was semi-erect and even then it looked like he was at least seven inches long, with a fairly thick girth to boot. Darlene got Jack to step out of his suit and she tossed it toward the cooler. Before standing up, she grasped his root and popped the head into her mouth for a quick suck. She kissed the tip and then stood. "It's a little sweaty and salty at the moment," she quipped.
Jack laughed out loud. "That's okay, I've actually won the game. I'm the first one naked. The rest of you are still in your tight suits, but I'm free." With that, he ran to the lake and jumped into the cooling water.
"You know, he's right," Darlene stated. "Jack's the big winner!" As Dana and I watched, she peeled off her tiny bottoms and tossed them aside. Darlene turned to face us, displaying her bare pussy with a slim line of dark hair just above her bald slit. "I'm joining Jack in the lake. You two can do as you please."
Darlene turned and we watched her tanned ass sway as she stepped into the lake. I looked at Dana. She looked at me. "Well, when in Rome..." I repeated to my wife, and dropped my trunks to the sand, baring my body to the sun and to our host and hostess. Before she could speak, I ran into the water, relieving the heat and sweat of the day.
I dove under the water and let the water cool my spinning head. When I rose and stood up, I saw my now naked wife move from the hot sand to the edge of the cool lake. She walked slowly, giving the other couple ample time to admire her trimmed blonde bush and bouncing tits. Dana walked to me. She was chest deep. I looked down to see her white boobs and pretty pink nipples floating on the surface.
"God, you're beautiful, honey," I told her. "I'll bet you're a bit excited too, eh?"
"I can't believe I'm standing here naked, talking to you," she admitted. "This is absolutely amazing."
"Let's go find our floats and get some sun," I suggested. "I think I'd better put some lotion on you before you burn to a crisp."
Dana crawled onto her float and I swam back to the boat to get her lotion. When I returned to the swim platform, Darlene called to me. "Throw me the lotion. I'll do it for you."
Without thinking, I tossed the bottle to Darlene and she worked her way to my wife's float. Dana looked over at me. I stood there naked, watching as Darlene poured lotion on Dana's chest.
Darlene used both hands to spread the slick lotion over my wife's tummy and up under her breasts. Dana closed her eyes and a little moan escaped her lips. Darlene's hands moved up between Dana's twin mounds over her shoulders and down both arms. On the third pass, she cupped her hands and applied lotion on each flattened tit, working the sun block into both nipples. "Oh, ahh, Dana cooed as her new friend's fingers and palms caressed her lovingly.
Moving down to the end of Dana's float, Darlene applied lotion to my wife's feet and up her legs. As hands moved up Dana's thighs, she began to breath faster and fidget on her float. Darlene paused, poured a new supply of lotion into her hand and placed it directly on my wife's blonde mound, pressing gently and massaging the lotion into her. "Mmm, oh," Dana mewed in response.
The sight of this tall lady touching Dana's most intimate places made my head spin. My hand was under water, holding my cock and gently massaging my balls as I took in the scene before me. Jack, too, was watching from a few feet away. I glanced over at him and he gave me the 'thumbs up' sign and smiled broadly. Neither of us spoke, fearful of breaking the spell that seemed to surround our two women. Finally, Darlene moved to Dana's head and leaned down to kiss her lips before applying lotion to her neck and face.
"Get on a float, Ken, and I'll do you too," Darlene offered. The idea of this attractive gal swabbing me with sun block shook me out of my reverie. Dumbly, I moved through the water and captured a free float. With a little effort, I managed to pull myself onto it, laying on my belly and using my arms to keep my face dry. Darlene swam over to me and stood next to my float. Soon, I felt her hands on my back as she spread the lotion across my wet back and shoulders.
Her hands were soft and quite pleasant. I felt myself relax as she massaged my lower back. Next, she did my feet and the calves of my legs before moving her hands up my thighs. She worked the liquid into my inner thighs and up onto the cheeks of my ass. I felt my groin tingle again as her fingers traced up my crack. Darlene's hands slid back down my thighs, then up over my ass cheeks several times. Finally, her fingers trailed up my leg and very deliberately touched my scrotum. Once, twice, then a third time she traced the route. I felt my balls shrink, then the warmth caused by my ejaculation as it was trapped against my float. "Unghhhh," was about all I could utter as my cock shot two or three involuntary squirts against my belly.
"There, I'll bet that felt pretty good, didn't it, Ken?" Darlene stated with pride. I heard Jack chuckle deep in his throat. He obviously knew what had just occurred.
We all continued to bob around in the lake for some time. Darlene had her arms wrapped around her husband and I was pretty sure her legs were also around his waist. "Jack's probably got his big dick up her right now," I thought to myself. "They are one sexy couple, and we seem to have fallen right in with them. It's hard to believe that my ultra-conservative wife was nearby, lying nude on a float and soaking up rays."
Jack finally swam over to the boat and appeared back on deck with a large umbrella and a duffel bag. "I think we could all use a little shade and a late lunch," he said as he put the items on a float and walked them to the beach. He spread the umbrella and called to us to join him.
As each of us rose from the lake, he handed us a cold beer. Darlene and Dana busied themselves making sandwiches and passing them around on plastic plates. The four of us sat nude, Indian-style on the big blanket, munching our sandwiches and chips, and sipping beer. Somehow, it didn't seem all that odd to be crouching naked on a blanket with another couple, chatting and enjoying lunch.
"Well," Jack stated, "how do you two like our hang out?"
"This must be what heaven is like," Dana replied, surprising me a little. "I don't know when I've been so relaxed and free. I can certainly see why you come here."
Darlene nodded. "The first time we came here, we ended up in this exact same spot, rolling around on our blanket and fucking like a couple of rabbits!"
Dana laughed nervously at the mention of the word, fuck. After a brief pause, she spoke. "That must have been like an irresistible urge for you both."
"You've got that right," Jack agreed. "We were both so horny, we couldn't wait to get to the privacy of our boat. It was quite an experience, one we've repeated many times since."
After we tidied up the lunch mess, there was a lull in the conversation. A nice breeze had come up and it seemed that everyone was in his own little world. "I feel a nap coming on," Jack announced. "Come here, honey, cuddle up and help me drift off." Darlene stretched out next to her husband and Jack's arm pulled her close, his hand closing over her bare breast.
I lay on my back and watched the few puffy clouds pass across my field of vision. I felt Dana slide over, her head resting on my shoulder. She moved her leg over mine and in a matter of minutes we were both sound asleep.
A noise brought me out of my slumber. I looked to my side and saw Darlene's slim figure atop Jack, much as they were the night before on the boat. His hands cupped her firm tits as she rolled her pelvis against him. The rabbits were at it again!
My movements made Dana stir and she, too, watched intently as our host and hostess fucked just a matter of inches from us. Visualizing how it must feel, my cock began to grow and throb. I felt a small hand grasp my manhood and begin to stroke. Dana looked over at me and smiled as she jacked me off. "I want you," she whispered.
As my wife moved her leg and rolled onto her back, I raised up on one elbow and stared down on my wife in complete awe. She had just invited me to fuck her in front of this other couple we hardly knew! My hand searched her vaginal folds and discovered her sopping wet spot. My swollen cock overcame any reservations I might have had at the time. I rose to my knees and spread my wife's legs and pressing her knees up toward her chest. My cock slid effortlessly into her waiting nest and we both gasped. Buried to the hilt, I could feel the urgency of my sweet wife's need. Her hips rose from the blanket and pressed against me in a frenzied effort to pull more of me into her. "Oh, yes, give it to me," she moaned as I began to pump. "Give me your big cock, oh, baby, yes, yes," she groaned over and over as I slammed into her swollen cunt.
I felt Dana's belly shake and spasm. I knew that she was on the brink of a massive climax. The look of pleasure on her face is something I can't resist. As she let herself go completely, I blew my white cream into her womb, mixing our love juices and sharing the summit of our lovemaking. All else was blocked out as we merged into each other.
"That was beautiful," Darlene exclaimed as we slowly descended back to earth. "You two really know how to please each other," she added sincerely.
"I think you guys were our inspiration," I confided. "I've never known Dana to get so aroused before. We were watching you doing the same thing to Jack earlier. I hope you don't mind."
Darlene smiled at me, then at Dana. "Not at all. It is such a treat to be able to share our hang out with a couple who can appreciate its very special qualities." Jack nodded in agreement.
Dana opened her eyes and looked up at me. "You must think I'm the biggest whore in the world!" She wanted my reassurance and I quickly gave it.
"No, honey. I think you are my beautiful, fantastic wife, and I love you like never before. This is one of the most incredible days of our life. I'm very proud, so don't ever feel bad about what we've done or what we may do, okay? Promise?"
Dana's expression softened and she smiled up at me with a look of pure relief. "I promise, and I love you too," she said with great feeling. "You know, I feel like a bird just released from a cage. Hey, I'm free! Look at me fly high up in the sky. It's just so hard to express how I feel right now."
"Don't try," Darlene interjected. "Jack and I know how you both feel. We went through the same period of discovery. You'll soon find that your lives will be richer in so many ways."
Dana raised her arms and wrapped them around my neck. We kissed deeply and hugged each other for many long minutes.
Jack interrupted our cuddling with a request. "Ken, I could use your help getting all our stuff back on the boat. Do you think you can tear yourself away now?"
Returning to the moment, I untangled from my wife and stood with a cramped effort. "I think you wore poor Ken out, Dana," Darlene accused. "He's limp as a dishrag."
"I can still walk, just give me a minute to get my legs under me," I retorted. "By this evening, I'll be as good as new!"
"I am looking forward to that," Darlene quipped with a sly wink aimed at Dana. Her attitude made me wonder about her precise meaning, but I brushed the thought away and began to pick up the various items of clothing scattered around the area.
A half-hour later, Jack and I had the umbrella, cooler, blanket, and our other stuff stowed on the yacht. Jack invited Dana and I to take a quick shower in their master bath to wash the lake and our lovemaking off. "Don't tarry," he warned. "Our supply of water is limited, and we both need a shower too."
We cleaned up and Dana put on one of my T-shirts. I donned my extra pair of trunks and we sat in the cool cabin waiting for Jack and Darlene to finish with their showers. Darlene stepped into the salon and we were both slightly surprised to see that she was naked except for the towel wrapped around her hair. She opened a cabinet and brought out a bottle of tequila. "It's margarita time," she noted with a wide grin. The blender ground up the ice and mix, producing a full pitcher of potent drink. "Here you go," she said as she poured three glasses, handing them around.
Jack opened the folding door and joined us in the main salon. He, too, was still nude, but his hair was brushed and his face freshly shaven. I had to admit that he looked quite handsome with his all over tan and rugged features. He poured himself a margarita and sat down next to Dana. "Here's to the four of us," he toasted and we all raised our glasses to clink.
We consumed several pitchers of cold margaritas and the conversation became more candid. "I'm so glad that you decided to join us this weekend," Darlene gushed. "Seeing you make love this afternoon was so beautiful. It just might be the highlight of the whole weekend."
"Yeah, watching Dana's tits jiggling while Ken put it to her was really hot," Jack added.
"Jack! Don't be so crude," Darlene scolded. "I don't think Dana appreciates your style of humor."
Dana was feeling the drinks. "Aw, that's all right," she mumbled, "I was feeling so good at the time, I couldn't care less about what was jiggling," she giggled.
Darlene suggested that we have some dinner. She had prepared a big batch of boiled shrimp and a giant bowl of salad. We ate most of the shrimp and more than half of the salad as we continued to sip our drinks and talk.
Jack looked at Dana, then over at me. "Ken, I've got to admit that I'm dying to get a feel of your wife's soft titties," he quipped. "Would you be very upset if she let me cop a little feel?"
Again, Darlene jumped on Jack for his blunt talk. "Quit that, Jack," she warned. "Ken might not like your honesty, and Dana might be deeply offended!"
I held up my hand, requesting silence. "I can fully understand your desire, Jack," I intoned. "Dana's got two of the best tits in the universe. I take no offense at all when you speak your mind. Now, whether your not you get your wish is entirely up to Dana. But, Darlene might have a word or two to say about it also."
Jack put his arm around my wife and leaned into her. "Well, what about it, Dana? Will you let me have a little feel?"
Dana looked over at Darlene for guidance. "He's going to get his way sooner or later," she advised. "You might as well give him a quick feel and get it over with."
My wife nodded at Darlene. "I suppose so. After all, he's seen everything I've got and you've even watched us make love. Why not?"
Dana grasped Jack's right arm and pulled it up under her shirt. Darlene and I watched as Jack spent several minutes fondling my wife's breasts and nipples. "Let me give them a little kiss, okay?" Jack begged.
"You said you just wanted to feel," Dana accused. "Now you want to suck my tits?"
Jack smiled. "You'll like it, I guarantee," he teased. "Your pretty pink nipples look so delicious."
Again, Dana shrugged and slowly lifted her shirt over her head and off. Her nipples were rock hard and erect as Jack bent forward and sucked her right nipple between his lips. The sound of his mouth on my wife's soft tits filled the small salon while Jack's wife and I looked on and sipped our drinks.
Darlene's hand found my leg and her fingers tapped against my thigh. "That's so hot," she whispered in my ear. A moment later, her fingers slipped inside the leg of my shorts and closed around my hardening cock. "Want to see what mine taste like?" she asked quietly.
Without much thought, I bent forward and began to suck on Darlene's firm cone. The feeling was entirely different from my own wife's soft globes. "Suck harder," she urged. "Pull on my tit with your mouth."
I don't remember when or how my shorts came off, but the next thing I knew I was naked and Darlene was on the carpeted floor with my stiff dick in her mouth. She lapped at my balls and let her tongue run up and down my shaft. Her fingers fondled my balls as she sucked the head between her lips. I glanced across the table and saw that Jack was still sucking Dana's boob and her arm was moving between them. She seemed as lost in lust as I was myself.
"Let's go aft," Darlene suggested. "I want your cock in me."
Dana looked up at Darlene's remark. Our eyes locked and she gave me a faint nod. We both knew what was about to happen, and she wasn't going to stop it. "This is crazy," I thought, but I took Darlene's slim hand and we slipped out of the salon and into the master suite. She didn't close the door, but simply crawled up on their large bed and pulled me with her. "I like to be on top," she cooed as she rolled me onto my back. Her slim legs straddled my head and she swallowed my cock yet again. I looked up as my tongue made contact with her rosy labia. Her sticky cream tasted different from Dana's, but it was very tantalizing. I licked and lapped energetically while she sucked my engorged shaft and played with my balls.
Moments later, she reversed her position and I watched in amazement as my stiff rod slipped into her tight cavern. In a moment, our bodies met and she began the same rocking action I had observed earlier as she fucked her husband. Instinctively, my hands went to her breasts and I pulled on her erect nipples as she rode me like a stallion. "Mmm, yes, fuck good," Darlene moaned as we set up a rhythm. "I love the feel of your cock in me," she cooed as she slid on my thick member.
"Ahh, give it to me, give me your hot cream," she begged and I felt her womb become warmer as her climax neared. Grasping her slim hips, I took charge and pulled her to me, then away in a flurry while my prick began to spurt into her hot hole.
Darlene collapsed onto my chest and I felt her breathing slowly return almost to normal. "That was fantastic," she whispered as she kissed me deeply. "I love the way you fuck. I just had to have some."
"You're quite a woman," I said in return. "I've never been ridden like that before in my life."
Darlene rolled off to the side and lay with her legs spread wide open. I slid down on the bed and began to lick her bald, wet slit, tasting our combined juices. The feel and taste were incredible. "Mmm, I love that," she confided, "but leave some of it for Jack. He's going to fuck me next."
When she mentioned Jack, it reminded me that we were not alone. I moved off the bed and looked back into the salon. What I observed was shocking at first. Dana was on the salon floor on all fours with her head down, her hands clutching the carpet, and her pretty ass in the air. Jack was behind her with his big cock buried in her. His hands were pulling her hips to him and her soft tits hung from her chest. My wife's face was toward me. Her eyes were closed and her mouth was open as she moaned into the carpet. "Fuck me, fuck me," she kept repeating as Jack pumped into her. My mind filled with a mixture of fear, jealousy, love, and pure lust as I watched her receive sexual pleasure from another man for the very first time.
"He knows how to please a woman," Darlene said as we watched our spouses coupling. "I think she's enjoying my Jack's big cock," she added. I watched wide-eyed and Darlene slipped to her knees and began to suck my sticky cock. "You watch them while I clean you up," she urged. My concern and jealousy quickly abated as I continued to observe them, mesmerized by her obvious desire and Darlene's oral talents.
Jack seemed to go on and on. My wife got louder and louder as she pleaded with him to fuck her more. Finally, she started to buck and grind against him and he was unable to sustain himself any longer. Dana shuddered and I could tell that Jack had just filled her lusty hole with his cum. I could feel what he was feeling at that very moment as Dana's vaginal muscles tightened around him and their hot juices merged.
Jack rose from the floor and silently stumbled past me into the aft cabin. Darlene wrapped her arms around him and they began to kiss and fondle each other. "I'll get you hard again," Darlene stated, "then you can add your cum to Ken's."
I walked back into the main salon where Dana was laying in a semi-fetal position on the carpet. I picked her up in my arms and carried her to our forward cabin. There was no reason to close the curtain.
Looking down on my petite wife, I noticed that her sparse, wet blond bush was matted with a combination of Jack's cum and her own female nectar. I pushed her legs apart and began to lick her from top to bottom, tasting and feeling the sticky product of their recent coupling. Dana's hand on the back of my head pressed me tightly against her mound and she moaned loudly as I continued my ministrations. Her aroma was intoxicating. In the hours that followed, I made passionate love to my wife and learned what 'sloppy seconds' really felt like.
Sunday morning found the four of us in the salon again, hungry and wolfing down breakfast. The coffee was strong and the conversation rather subdued. "Everybody okay this morning?" Jack inquired sheepishly.
His question forced me to focus on what had occurred during the past day. As my wife said earlier, she was a bird who had been freed from her cage for a little while. At that moment, I came to the realization that my previously conservative little bird might never wish to return to her self-imposed cage again. After a short silence, I spoke up. "I'm fine, how about you honey?"
Dana looked around the table. She knew her vote was going to be crucial. "I'm good," she smiled. "That was the second most amazing day of my life. Ken, honey, thanks for being so understanding and supportive. And, thank you, Jack and Darlene, for your, um, participation. I still can't believe that what happened really did happen. I hope you meant it when you said on Friday, "what happens here stays here."
"Absolutely," Jack assured her. "You both can count on that." Darlene smiled and nodded in agreement.
"Wait," I said, "you just told us that yesterday was the second most amazing day. What was the first?"
Dana looked at me with an impish grin. "The most amazing day was the first day of our honeymoon, silly."
"Since you both have guaranteed us that what happens here will remain just between us," Dana said as she squeezed my hand, "I suggest that we have a repeat performance today! This time, let's take two blankets to the beach. That might work better, don't you think? Jack and I can surely beat you two at washers this time."
"You've got a bet," Darlene squealed. "We won't be playing for clothes today. We'll play for cocks instead!"
Jack extended his hand and I shook it as we both grinned in agreement. I couldn't resist saying; "We'll let it all hang out at your special hang out cove!"
END