I stretched out as much as I could given my current situation. This all started several months ago when I was home alone. The plan was to spend the night with my best and only friend Kim. However that plan changed when she arrived with her boyfriend David and his friend Susan. It turned out Susan's cousin could get them into a party but they needed me to be her date.
Even though I had no interest in girls I was a pushover and reluctantly agreed. In actuality I was the innocent virgin being offered for sacrifice. Susan, not liking the fact I wanted Kim to break up with David, devised a cruel way to get me out of the picture. Knowing that my parents exposed a government backed mental research project, a secret I entrusted with my then friend Kim, Susan blackmailed me into a lesbian relationship with her domant cousin. The alternative of having my parents go to jail left me no choice to but to proclaim that I was a lesbian and become Nicole's 'girlfriend'.
Nicole was so comfortable in herself, so self-assured, a very modern woman, confidant, outgoing, assertive, brazen and sexual. An experienced dominant with a perversion for voyeurism. I, on the other hand, was the exact opposite, sexually inexperienced, shy and introverted, easy prey for the beautiful lesbian. Conceding control of my life, I was a marionette bound by my strings to my mistress who methodically worked to mold me into the perfect lesbian submissive.
Modifying your sexuality to conform to another is a dangerous commitment. Privately I kept telling myself it was all an act. A lecherous performance to meet the demands of my blackmailer. Something I had no interest in pursuing. However, like a dedicated visionary, Nicole planted and cultivated sexual fetishes into my very being, hard wiring them into my subconscious as she purged my hetersexual desires like weeds corrupting my sapphic garden. Compelling me to obey her will and replacing my thoughts with the fictional persona she created.
Surprisingly, everyone accepted the situation. My mother, having been in a female relationship through college, seemed delighted I was in a relationship with a woman and became friends with Nicole and unknown to me, lovers. Nicole even pressed me into additional sapphic relationships: A stripper named April who enjoyed pretending to be my sister, a mother named Annette as well as her secretary Lisa, I even had a fling with a Hooters waitress named Vicky. Not to mention the sexual relations I'm having with Jacklyn, Katie, Hanna, Jessica and Stephanie.
I knew I was, am, hetersexual but attending an all girls school and the lack of boys in my neighborhood made my attraction to males solely theoretical. Meanwhile Nicole ensured my pretend lesbian sexuality was heavy in practical experience. So much so that I'm able to appreciate the beauty and allure of the female body, creating a replacement Alice, a sexual creature that now accepted these desires as her own. Part of me knew this was dangerous and wrong yet it still replaced my thoughts and desires. For an allegedly straight woman I now became aroused from watching the sway of a woman's ass and continually caught myself looking lustfully at their breasts. But my reset back to normal would have to wait until the end of summer.
Freed from the restrictions of school my mistress wanted yet another level of domination, 24/7 control. Nicole had informed me during prom that she convinced her parents to allow her to move into the pool house and somehow convinced my parents to allow me to move in with her.
Nicole's parents were far wealthier than mine, living in what could only be described as a French colonial mansion filled with priceless treasures, I know as I cleaned the house once per week dressed in one of my many maid uniforms. With Phoenix being in the middle of the desert their backyard was an oasis made for relaxing and entertainment with a large stone porch leading to a luxurious swimming pool. On the opposite side was the pool house, designed as a smaller version of the main house; it was two stories and rectangular in shape set back from the pool with a pergola over the stone patio. Each floor was divided into three squares. On the first floor, two sets french doors on the end squares opened to a media room and a den. The middle square consisted of a hallway/ galley kitchen along the front connecting the two rooms, a bathroom and staircase leading to the second floor. The back section of the square being closets for the two rooms.
Nicole kept this floor mainly as it was. The media room still included the original plush leather furniture, a fully stocked bar and a big screen TV, with the many porn videos Nicole shot of me. But now the walls were adorned with some of the more 'restrained' photos Nicole had taken. Behind the bar was a pair of pictures of me posing in a playboy bunny costume as well as a Las Vegas showgirl outfit similar to the one Grace wore in her show. The TV wall was adorned with photos of me wearing the Ariel peasant dress from the party where I met Annette; my Ariel inspired pink prom dress, taken without a flash so my legs were not exposed, as well as the tinkerbell inspired costume I wore on new years eve. The wall was capped off with a photo of myself and Kathy posing in the pro cheer uniforms we wore for the big game when I was raffled off to Trish. On the wall opposite the french doors was a large photo of me dressed in a slave Leia bikini, my chain leash securing me to a bed. The photo looked across the room at the magazine ad of me wearing a latex dress and holding the horse wipe I gifted Nicole for Christmass.
The den was furnished with similar furniture, a sofa, loveseat, recliner, coffee table, desk and bookshelves, but was given a bit of a mariners theme. Like the media room the walls were decorated with photos of me. The official prom photos of Nicole and I along with our King and Queen sashes were displayed like trophies while the other photos kept with the aquatic theme. Photos of me topless in the ocean and the leaf hula dress that Clare took when we were in Hawaii as well as the Luau photo of Maya and I and a large photo of me in the mermaid tail and bikini top posing with the ocean behind me. However the main draw and only real change Nicole made was an aquarium, eight feet long, against the back wall looking out to the pool. Being such a large tank it contained very few fish; two eels, a red crab and a yellow and blue angelfish. The reason was the tank contained a secret, second tank in the middle that was kept empty. Nicole loved to lock me in my underwater cell while wearing the mermaid costume surrounded by my aquidic friends and two eel jailors.
The second floor became Nicole's private sanctuary and my perverted keep. This feeling was heightened by the keypad style locks Nicole installed. Now Nicole was the only person who could unlock the doors at the top and bottom of the stairs as well as the two rooms.
As you ascended the staircase the photos become more racey, signaling the change from the more mainstream living space to Nicole's perverted fantasy. Pictures of me in various sexed up versions of my school uniform, Jessica's two cheer uniforms as well as a photo of me in Clare's daughters cheer uniform. The opposite wall was covered in photos of me wearing the bridal lingerie I wore when Nicole took my virginity, me naked holding open my coat at the movies when Nicole and I first started dating, me sitting naked in the restaurant with Nicole on Valentines day, me walking the streets on spring break wearing a body paint bikini, me kissing the statue of Venus, as well as me kissing Clare in Jessica's cheer uniform in Vegas. The upstairs hallway was decorated with a copy of the photo of my face just after an orgasim, a copy of the one that hung in the beauty salon where Nicole took me to get my hair and makeup done.
To the right was Nicole's bed chamber. The queen size iron bed and classical french furniture conferred a sense of normalcy in contrast to the mirror above the bed, the stripper pole and the many erotic photographs decorating the room. Photos of me kissing Holly when she was in her sister's wedding dress, of me wearing the borrowed wedding dress and posing with Jessica at Nicole's prom, the photo of me posing with my prom court, Sally plainly visible under my dress orally pleasuring me. And above the bed a large picture of April and me in black lingerie laying on red satin sheets engaged in a passionate kiss. But that was not the worst. That honor went to the trophy wall opposite the bed. Nicole adorned it with portraits of the many women I had been intimate with. But these were not photos of their faces but close ups of their bodies. Photos of Kathy, Hannah, Jessica, Tamara, and Veronica in their cheer briefs, the portrait of Hannah and Jessica posing together, while the photo of Stephanie, the final cheerleader, was of her bra covered breasts. The wall also included Annette in the yellow latex panties she wore when we first met. Lisa, Annette's secretary, in her chastity belt. Trish and Grace from Vegas, Clare, from Hawaii, in her bikini bottoms. Vicky in her hooter shorts, madam X in black lingerie and many many more. All reminders of the women I pleasured and the attributes I worshiped.
I resided behind the final security door in the room I affectionately called my dungeon. As far as prisons go, mine was tastefully done. The walls were adorned with the BDSM implements Nicole used on me and photos of me restrained by them. The bridal lingerie I wore when I first had sex was no longer hidden in a box but proudly displayed on a dress maker's dummy. The necklace holding my virgin blood hung around its headless neck. Around the perimeter of the room were various bondage fixtures; a saint andrew's cross, a puppy cage, a bondage horse, a queening chair and a spanking machine and my most hated restraint, the one bar prison. The device consisted of a large metal plate and an adjustable pole rising from its center with a phallus at the top. Its design was fiendishly simple. A woman would stand above the pole, in a pair of high heels so her feet would be fully extended. The pole would be raised until the phallus impaled the woman. Once locked in place the captive had no choice but to remain standing, fixed in place by her sex. Nicole loved to dress me in my Ariel prom dress, as it completely concealed my bondage, while I stood demerly by the window overlooking the pool and Nicole's bedroom window. I spent several a night looking out of the darkened room as Nicole spent the evening with other women in her old bedroom.
However the centerpiece of the room was the four foot diameter six leg coffee table with what could only be described as a giant bird cage affixed to the top. Gold plated and rising five feet it had become my gilded cage. Most nights Nicole would secure me in my enclosure locked away safely for the night like a prized pet until it was wanted by its owner.
As I heard Nicole working the security code I quickly assumed my kneeling position, legs folded with my knees together and my heels under my ass. My back straight, aided by the underbust corset.
"Good morning puppet," chirped Nicole as her bare feet padded into my cell. "I cannot tell you how much I enjoy seeing you each morning."
"As I enjoy seeing you mistress," I responded as I watched Nicole approach my cage, her body cloaked in a deep red satin chemise. The plunging neckline drew my eyes to the bare skin exposed by the black lace just above her nipples, their shape pressed into the clingy material. In fact her whole body was on display as the chemise hugged her contours perfectly ending high on her thigh with a ribbon of black lace tempting to reveal if she was wearing panties or not.
"I hope your new accommodations aren't too uncomfortable," purred Nicole as she grasped one of the bars of my cage.
"No mistress the ... bed is fine," I responded, not wanting to call my 'accommodation' a cage.
"Good," smiled Nicole as she reached between the bars and gently stroked my hair. Her smile exposed her perfectly white teeth. Even just waking up Nicole looked like a goddess. Her dark wavy hair and makeup free face showed her natural beauty.
I closed my eyes as I enjoyed her caress like some pet as my brain released a burst of endorphins. Not wanting to deal with being the sex slave to another woman I accepted the submissive/obedient role. Nicole was my mistress and as such, was responsible for my actions. I was not a lesbian but her slave thus allowing me to escape the guilt and the stigma of being in a lesbian relationship.
Pulling her hand back Nicole removed the key that hung around her neck and unlocked the door allowing me to crawl out of my lair. Standing before her with my hands clasped behind my back Nicole once again caressed my hair before sliding to the nap of my neck and pulling me in for a kiss. "Lets begin, my puppet, " whispered Nicole as she placed her hands on my shoulders and pushed. "I have a lot planned for today."
I knew what she wanted as she demanded it every morning. The requirement was now part of my conditioning. Just like people developed a precondition for coffee I was developing an urge to perform oral on a woman, like an integral part of my morning routine my body automatically expected it. Each morning I woke up with a craving for pussy and like a loyal pet, the sight of my mistress heightened my desire.
The smell of her sex filled my nose as I droped to my knees releasing endorphins just like the smell of coffee to a caffeine addict. As if I was sitting down to breakfast I reached out and slid my hands around her hips pulling the hem of her chemise. Unsurprisingly, she is not wearing panties, just her magnificent pussy already moist and open. Like an attentive lover I knew Nicole's desires, having performed oral on her enough times to understand what her body liked. For this morning ritual Nicole did not want to be made love to, she wanted to get off.
Nicole anchored her fingers in my hair and pulled my face towards her thighs, spread wide in anticipation of my performance. I skipped the foreplay and pulled her lips apart running my tongue along her open passage scoping up her secretions like some cat drinking milk. As her juices flowed I kept licking, her morning lubricant different then the rest of the day, more tangy as if it marinated overnight. With the skill and dedication I used to employ in ballet my tongue performed its carefully choreographed routine as I continued to lick her slit and dance with her clit before driving my tongue deep into her channel. A stream of cum my reward for expertly getting her off.
"Very good puppet," breathed Nicole as she stroked my hair. "Now it is your turn for a little fun."
Her order sent a shiver through my body. Ever since my weekend in Vegas, Nicole had been cultivating my spanking fetish. Melding the sting of the paddle to pleasure in my sex. Making my butt as much of an erogenous zone as my nipples. Making it so I became aroused just from a hand caressing my ass and a sharp spanking as pleasurable as a thrust into my sex.
The machine was basically two components. The spanking machine; which looked like a round cylinder with a rotating top and a connector that allowed different implements to be attached. The machine could then be programmed to rotate back varying distances and swing with the selected force. The second part was a bondage bench with five padded sections. Two in parallel in the back for me to kneel on. Nicole would then fasten the straps over my ankles and just below my knees. The third started at the height of my hips and allowed me to bend forward on a downward sloping bench. Two additional straps secured me at the small of my waist and just below my shoulder blades. The last two pads were set in parallel at the front of the bench and allowed my arms to be secured at my elbows and wrists. Once attached I was held firmly in the doggie position. Just as my body had been conditioned to become aroused from kissing other women it now associated the spanking machine with sexual pleasure.
"You have such a lovely spankable ass," purred Nicole as she caressed my exposed cheeks, sending a spark to my pussy.
"Today we are going to run this experiment without any vagional stimulation and see if your mistress can still make you cum," continued Nicole as she knelt beside me and attached a nipple clamp with a small weight to each breast.
I let out a small gasp and pulled at the restraints. The bindings held and only resulted in making the weights sway, further teasing my body.
"Let us begin," announced Nicole as I heard the electric motor come to life and the quick swish of the strap. The wide leather belt delivered a loud but not painful slap that quickly converted to a pleasurable sensation. The sharp gasp escaping my lips turned into a deep lustful moan before it was complete. As the mechanical arm drew back I found myself awaiting the next hit. While I did not want to orgasim from a machine it was better than orgasiming from the efforts of another woman. The spanking machine was no different than a dildo and thus I rationalised this was no different than masterbating, something completely acceptable for a hetersexual woman.
As the machine continued its mechanical blows I continued to moan as I tried to move my hips in an attempt to stimulate my clitoris. I was so close and mentally worked to strengthen the connections that would allow me to orgasim while Nicole's finger kept caressing my lower back along the bottom of my corset and just above the lettering of my 'lesbian sex slave' tattoo.
"You're close puppet," whispered Nicole as she leaned in. Her hair tickling the side of my face.
"Yes," I hissed in reply hoping she would help bring me over the edge.
"I can see it in your body, feel it in your quivering mussels and hear it in your moans," continued Nicole. "It wants to cum. It wants to make the connection." With that Nicole stopped the machine and caressed my now warm ass. The contact made me moan in pleasure. Sliding her hand between my ass cheeks I relaxed my muscles and was rewarded with her nail scraping my rose bud. Woman or not, I found myself mentally willing her finger lower as simple contact with my vagina would be enough to trigger an orgasim.
"You want me to bring you off, don't you puppet," teased Nicole.
"Yes mistress," I begged. "Please let me cum."
With that she quickly withdrew her hand and I heard the swoosh of the strap and felt contact with my ass. The brief respite and caress from my mistress was enough to allow the strap to bring me over the edge. The rapid spanks were like thrusts into my channel causing little orgasmic spasms as I came from the spankings.
My brain had made the connection, and what was seen by young girls as a punishment had become a form of sexal play to me. Yet instead of satisfying my lust the spanking induced orgasims kept me on edge as my pussy felt deceived and wanting satisfaction.
"Good girl," purred Nicole as she stroked my hair. I knew you could do it. Now let's get you out of this machine and showered. We have a lot to do today.
"Yes mistress," I replied hoping Nicole would allow me to pleasure her in the shower so I can earn another orgasim.
Nicole dressed in a pair of shorts and a form fitting t-shirt but left me naked. As I prepared breakfast I watched as Nicole placed a long curved chrome pipe and ring about a foot in diameter on the patio. As I set the table I let out groan as I saw Nicole return carrying a large amount of red rope, meaning we were going to have a busy day of bondage.
After breakfast Nicole had me stand in the media room as she wove a rope bikini. The rope bando top had a long length hanging from the back and the rope bikini bottoms had a similar length at the small of my back and a small rope loop at the base of my crotch.
Nicole then walked me to the edge of the pool where she laid the pipe and ring. The curve of the pipe would have given it a ten foot diameter and the ring was placed four and a half feet behind the pipe in what would have been its center if it continued in a circle. Nicole had me lay with my back to the pipe with my arms over my head making sure the bottom end of the pipe was even with my feet. Then, with the care and precision Nicole used in her rope bondage, proceeded to tie my back to the bar using the excess rope from my top. Nicole then spent several minutes on the placement of the chrome ring. Bringing the excess rope back down she proceeded to secure it to the pipe just behind my shoulder blades and wrapped it around my body before tying off the end.
Satisfied, Nicole tied the rope from my bikini bottoms to the bar forcing my body to bend and match its curve. She ran the rope up to the ring before bringing it back down and securing it to the bar and then to the loop at the base of my bikini bottoms. She repeated this process tying a loop around my body every six inches then up to the ring and back down effectively securing my body to the bar from my neck to my ankles.
"Don't worry puppet this loop will be loose," stated Nicole as she tied the rope around my neck and secured it to the pipe. She then ran it up to the circle and secured it to the pipe at the back of my head. gathering up my loose hair she started to braid it, weaving it over the pipe and then down its length around the rope tethers as she went. Once complete my head was effectively secured to the bar and my hair out of the way. Placing my arms in the classic divers pose Nicole proceeded to tie my arms to the pipe looping the rope up to the ring.
"Done," proclaimed Nicole as she secured my wrists to the end of the pipe. "Now let's see if my plan works." Nicole then stood on a chair at the edge of the pool and fed a length of rope through an eye bolt at the end of the pergola. Moving behind me I hear a sharp clicking sound and after a few moments I felt the ropes begin to pull, forcing me to roll on my belly before being hoisted into the air.
Nicole had turned me into a piece of BDSM lawn art. Like some perverted dream catcher I spun in the breeze as Nicole admired her work.
Nicole slowly walked around the pool to see how I looked. "Simply beautiful puppet," stated Nicole returning from her review. "Now stay put." And with that I watched Nicole walk into the main house leaving me to hang in her yard. After several minutes Nicole returned carrying her photo equipment and a drink. The photo session was about to begin.
---
The black latex bodysuit clung to my curves and pulled into the crack of my ass as I sat on the back of Nicole's bike. After my magazine photoshoot Susan convinced Nicole to set up a modeling agency to own the rights to the photos Nicole took of me. As a model under contract I did not have the right to refuse nor did I have any say in how the images were used. That belonged to Nicole and Susan, who now marketed the photos to female writers of lesbian erotica. A number of whom jumped at the chance to purchase the exclusive rights to a digital cover.
One prolific author, Carol, even paid for the exclusive rights to photos of my face. Purchasing a number of photo themes for her future series. All about a fictional character named 'Alice' and her lesbian adventures. Books about a highschool cheerleader becoming a slave to the cheer captain, a babysitter seduced by her MILF employer, a secretary falling under the spell of her female boss, a coed becoming the sex slave of her roommate, a young maid made to pleasure her mistress and may variations on those themes.
However tonight we were doing a photoshoot for a different author who wanted a futuristic cover for her book which was why we were racing through the streets of Phoenix after midnight. Covered from head to toe in shiny black latex I even wore a latex hood which only had two eye holes and two small holes for my nose. Nicole placed a pair of her used panties into my mouth joking that they were the first panties I wore in months before sealing my mouth under the latex hood. Not that the hood would be seen, Nicole planned for me to keep the black motorcycle helmet with black visor on for the whole shoot.
Even though my identity was hidden, these photoshoots made me feel less of a person and more like a prop. Nicole would tell me where and how to stand and I would hold the position as she snapped sway. Photos of my ass, crotch and breasts now peppered the e-book literary world with only the coverings changing. Underware, spandex shorts, bras, denim short shorts and a multitude of other sexy garments meant to highlight the body part photographed. Others, like tonight, were more involved but my individuality was still stripped away leaving only the puppet for Nicole to control.
Nicole knew just the place for the background, a newer industrial area with modern structures in a well lit area disappearing into the dark street behind. As I posed with the bike my well polished latex suit matched Nicole's bike and I knew from experience that Nicole's client would get exactly the cover she was looking for.
_______
It was late morning when I approached Stephanie's door with a flutter of nervous excitement. The enthusiasm I felt was a combination of the elation at seeing Stephanie, Nicole's cheerleader classmate and the aroused state Nicole left me in.
I knew my arousal was directed at another woman but at the moment I didn't care. Like every morning Nicole required me to orally pleasure her before placing me in the spanking machine knowing it would not sedate my lust but drive my libedo higher as my orgasim was not triggered by my vagina leaving my body needing.
Now dressed in a black choker, stilettos, a corset and a leather skirt I approached Stephanie's home to collect my weekly delivery of breast milk. The corset holding my torso firmly tormented my aroused nipples as the tight leather skirt rubbed my still stinging ass converting the pain into a jolt of pleasure with every step. Due to Nicole's requirement that I sexually appraise every woman I saw, noting the sexual characteristics of each, I developed my own preferences. Being a skinny small chested girl I developed an attraction to curvy large chested women, a T&A girl. My enchantment with Vicky, the blond Hooters waitress, only nourished my preference as I developed a bit of a physical and emotional attachment with her. Creating a sense of normalcy in my kaotic situation.
While I did not want to accept the idea of being sexually attracted to another woman the thought of Vicky sent a shudder through my body. When she told me she was becoming serious with Holly, the teacher we had a threesome with, and needed to stop our leasions I was heartbroken. Even though Nicole was officially my girlfriend Vicky was my first breakup. The one life event Nicole did not claim.
As I approached Stephanie's home the door swung open and she stood before me in a white shirt unbuttoned and tied in a knot and a pair of tight jeans. I forgot social norms and just ogled her milk laden breasts like a horney teenager. Frozen in position I could feel my pussy moistening in anticipation, scenting the air with my arousal. Stephanie reminded me of Vicky, physically and socially. Both were outgoing and flirtatious and each had the body type I preferred. With Stephanie I had the chance for that sense of normality again or at least as close as I could come following Susans rules. All I needed to do was convince Stephanie, a fellow straight woman, to want a romantic relationship.
Stephanie's playful laugh broke my focus. Women are conditioned to not openly flaunt their bodies at males but doing so in the company of another woman is socially acceptable even if it is in a sexual way. Knowing I fell into her trap my face became flush with embarrassment as I looked at her lovely eyes and her flirty mischievous smile. "Come lets get inside," stated Stephanie.
It was not just Stephanie's breasts that made her so attractive. It was her deep blue eyes, her playful smile, her trim stomach, her long shapely legs and curvy butt. Stephanie just oozed sex appeal and I was capativated by the hyponic sway of her ass as she led me into her home. The tight jeans showcasing her curves. Like her breasts Stephaine knew I was enchanted by her ass and she dangled it like a lure before me, trapping my attention.
Stopping, Stephanie turned to face me, a playful smile on her face as I watched her scan my body. "I think you have grown a bit since you started drinking my milk," stated stephanie. "You're looking great."
"Thank you," I responded. Since I moved in with Nicole my body had matured, no doubt aided by my diet heavy in Stephanie's rich breast milk. Nicole insisted I drink a glass every morning and true to her word adapted several recipes where I used Stephanie's product as an ingredient. Making breast milk pancakes, cookies and pastries. Nicole even had me experiment with several more exotic recipes, having me turn Stephanie's breast milk into butter, ice cream and milk chocolate. The little bars were now my traveling snacks.
This diet increased my bust from a size A to a healthy size B approaching C. However the corset training kept my waist at a slender 24 inches. The result was I now had a size two waist and size four hips, making it hard to find clothes that fit and making Nicole's demand that I wear only skirts and tight fitting pants a necessity.
Stephanie stepped forward, pressing her unsupported breasts against my tightly secured ones, and kissed me. Pulling back to gauge my reaction I pulled her in for a passionate kiss as our tongues copied the embrace of our bodies. Like a silly girl living out her fantasy, all sorts of erotic scenes played out in my mind. Scenes one hetrosexual woman should not direct towards another heterosexual woman.
Pulling away we both were flush. "Wow, you are eager aren't you," breathed Stephanie. "I think I know what you want." And with that Stephanie stepped back and untied the knot exposing her magnificent breasts. For her part Stephanie embraced her lactating ability and worked to maximize her production. Purchasing a high end dual cup breast pump. She also modified her diet to include plenty of lactation enhancing foods, oat milk, alfalfa, flaxseed, oatmeal, and two glasses of Guinness per day, one at lunch and another after dinner as the brewers yeast, hops and barley all helped with lactation. As a result I took home over two gallons of breast milk per week.
Given my current horney state and my craving for Stephanie's milk I didn't hesitate accepting Stephanie's invite. Removing her shirt I caressed her skin enjoying its softness and sensuality. Leaning forward I snuggled my head below her chin and softly kissed her collarbone working my way down until my face rested against her breasts. I continued kissing around her soft mounds as my fingers kneaded and prepared them to be suckled.
During my assault Stephanie fell onto the sofa reclining against the armrest as I positioned myself over her. Caressing the back of my head Stephaine gently directed my mouth to her lactating tit and she gave out a gentle sigh as my lips latched onto her nipple.
Stephanie went docile as I drank from her body like some erotic vampire. The warm nectar flowing into my mouth gave me my own sense of comfort as my craving was fulfilled. It was so innocent and natural yet sinful and abnormal. I was usurping nature's way for a mother to feed and bond with her child to satisfy my own needs, corrupting Stephanie into participating in Susan's grand scheme.
Not wanting to contemplate my actions I slid my hand over her quivering stomach and unbuttoned her jeans. With all of the sexual play and kinky activities we engaged in Stephanie was still uncomfortable being intimate with another woman. Her choice of clothing was a manifestation of this. Displaying and providing easy access to her breasts while creating a barrier to her sex. In her current state Stephaine offered no resistance as my hand breached the denem defenses and my fingers made contact with her clitoris. In fact her body jerked and she pressed my head deeper into her breast. Just like Nicole cultivated sexual fetishes in me I worked to develop one in Stophenie; to associate breastfeeding with sexual satisfaction and accepting me as a romantic partner.
Even this selfish decision was not fully mine. Nicole, remembering my infatuation with Vicky, and her desire to manipulate and control others encouraged the relationship. Offering me time out of my cage for date nights with my budding girlfriend. The prospect of having a 'normal' relationship, even one with another woman, was an enticing prospect. And the fact that I would be able to escape the confinement of the cage that was now my home just sweetened the deal as I had truly become a possession of Nicole's locked away as everyone around me led normal lives.
However I did not realize the depths of the deception and control Nicole had, Saturday night was Nicole's and my mother's date night. A set time where she switched her focus from me to my mother as my father now lived with his own mistress. Saturday was also April and Amanda's, my mothers coworkers, date-night. April, impersonating me, now took the night off from the strip club to date the young woman. Annette was also spending the night with Lisa as she was now the primary keyholder to her chastity belt. Nicole wanted Saturday to be a day when all the pawns in her game were in motion.
As I slid my hand over her vagina my index fingure penetrated her sex making Stephanie moan in pleasure. However her jeans still posed an obstacle so after I drained her breasts of nerushment I pulled my hand from her pants and sat up. The lust in her eyes matched the lust Nicole instilled in my body earlier that morning. Pulling her up, Stephanie stood before me as I knelt down and started to pull her jeans over her hips. The snug jeans refused to yield as they clung to her hips and perky ass. Realizing my intentions Stephanie began to push as she rolled her hips causing her jeans and panties to slide down in one fluid motion.
Placing her hands on my shoulders Stephanie lifted one leg and then the other as I freed her feet from the pool of denim. Now completely naked I felt like a mere mortal kneeling before her goddess ready to worship her body. I looked up at the underside of her superb breasts as Stephanie leaned forward so her gaze would lock with mine. Stephanie's lust-filled expression told me what she was too nervous to say and I dropped my head to kiss her lower lips.
Stephaine signaled her pleasure with a sharp moan and a flush of secretions. Full from my breast milk feast I pushed myself to drink as I lapped up her sweet nectar. Wanting to maximise her experience I slowly licked the length of her slit before giving her clirt a nibble. Becoming anxious, Stephanie grabbed my hair with both hands and started to grind into my face.
Not wanting to turn this in a mastabority session I positioned my nose between her vagional lips and speared her channel with my tongue. Stephanie shuddered and moaned as I penetrated her body. Once again in control I started manipulating my tongue caressing her most intimate of areas. When I knew she was about to cum I curled my tongue and wiggled it against her G spot. With a loud cry Stephanie collapsed.
Lying on the floor, Stephanie looked like she just had her essence drained from her body. Her messy blond hair and sweat covered body evidence of the physical ordeal it went through. Still breathing heavily I crawled up her body for another passionate kiss. Only this one flavored with her breast milk and cum. She was now susapetable to supphic love and I would continue her lesbian education, breaking down her mental barriers getting her to accept me as a lover.
____
I knew Nicole had planned something special when she woke me very early and skipped our normal sexual routine. Instead, Nicole had me put my hair in a dancers bunn and preceded to use an airbrush to paint my entire body in a baking soda like white power. Finally satisfied, Nicole led me to the mirror to look at my unearthly body. My hair and skin were completely covered giving me the look of white marble, if not for my blue eyes and the deep red of my mouth. I was quickly ushered to her car and we sped through the empty streets as the dawn started to break, arriving at a recently remodeled park.
Nake but for my white camouflage Nicole pulled me towards a small formal garden. It was then I realized her plan. The centerpiece of the garden was a display entitled garden pixies. Life size marble statues placed around a small pound in a playful manner. Nicole led me towards two statues in particular. A tall statue dressed as a Greek goddess looking at a smaller statue bent at the waist with its right leg and arm extended in a deep curtsy.
"Okay puppet, I want you to get on the marble pad and face the smaller statue," ordered Nicole.
Feeling I had no choice, I obeyed her command.
"Now get down on one knee straddling her outstretched leg" continued Nicole.
I was then commanded to stretch my leg backwards and wrapped my other leg around the statues, placing my groin in contact with her leg. Nicole then had me lean forward until my face was cupped in her outstretched hand. I then wrapped one arm around her thigh and grabbed her wrist with the other.
In this position I looked like a statue of a naked woman rubbing on the leg of another while she caressed my face. The display of a young woman bowing was turned into a noblewoman giving her naked slave to another woman. Nicole had made me part of the public display, a slave to a marble mistress.
"Excellent," proclaimed Nicole, "you blend perfectly. Now don't move." Nicole took her time moving about the garden taking pictures while I held still with my mouth and eyes closed.
My heart skipped a beat when I heard Nicole's voice.
"Good morning," stated Nicole, "you two are up early."
"Yes," answered the mystery woman. "As soon as the sun comes up my daughter insists on going to the park. So we take the route through the garden on the way to the playground. Why are you here at the crack of dawn?"
"I'm an amature photographer and wanted a few shots before it got crowded," responded Nicole.
"Didn't notice that statue before," stated the woman no doubt referring to me. "It looks rather provocative."
"She looks like cinnamon when she is not behaving," interrupted a young voice.
"Yes she does," laughed the mystery woman. Perhaps she needs to butt smacked just like we do to Cinnamon when she does that.
"Well you never know," replied Nicole with a playful hint in her voice, "that may be the intent of the artist."
"You never know," laughed the mystery woman. "Well we need to get to the playground before my daughter sees any more misbehaving statues. Good luck with your pictures.
I was too nervous to move for fear of blowing my cover. My camouflage was looking like the other statues, hiding in plain sight as park goers casually enjoyed the gardens. With sound being my only sense I was almost eavesdropping into the private lives. Occasionally I heard Nicole engage them in conversation discussing the artistic merits of the statues and my pose. Until finally I heard Nicole tell me the coast was clear and to hurry to the car. As I scurried across the path I heard a number of squeals. It seems Nicole wanted to expose my deception to a group of young women as I made my escape.
----
Even though the crowd looked huge, being a weekday game, the attendance was low. Not that I had any frame of reference as I never attended a school sporting event let alone a major league event. I also knew Nicole was not a baseball fan and was a little nervous of her intent on taking me to a game.
Wearing a pink pleated tennis skirt that floated against my exposed thighs, a team tee-shirt that displayed my midriff and a fair amount of my growing cleavage, black sneakers, knee high burgundy socks with a black sport stripe at the top and my hair in a ponytail out the back of a baseball cap. I looked every bit the sexy superfan and secretly worried that Nicole planned to photograph me exposing myself within the stadium.
Arriving after the start of the game Nicole chose a line with a female ticketing agent and led me to a rather empty section of seats. Scoping out the area Nicole entered a row a few behind the occupied seats but not out where it was obvious we were trying to be alone.
"Nervous puppet," asked Nicole as she saw me looking around the stadium.
"It's my first time at a baseball game," I replied as an excuse.
"I love your virgin references," laughed Nicole as she moved her hand to rub my thigh. "However, I brought something that should help take your mind off the game and fix your virginity association problem." With that Nicole unzipped her pants and pulled out the dildo she used to take my virginity. The black latex appendage looked camouflaged against her black pants but the intent was clear Nicole was going to fuck me at the ballpark.
"Let's go puppet, saddle up," commanded Nicole as she stroked the artificial appendage. Knowing I could not win and wanting Nicole's contraband hidden from spectators I quickly moved to her lap. My naked pussy pressed up against the latex dildo like the horn of a saddle and Nicole's hips acting like the cantle, primed for the reverse cowgirl position
"Now let's get you on this bronco," announced Nicole as she held my hips and lifted me up so the tip of the dildo aligned with my channel and dropped my back to her lap impaling me on the appendage.
I bit my lips to keep from drawing attention, creating a moan as my bare ass made contact with Nicole's hips. I started breathing deeply as my body got accustomed to the sudden intrusion. I swayed my hips to move the dildo into a more comfortable position all the while looking like I was giving Nicole a slow lap dance.
I felt every inch of the dildo while in complete shock that I had a cock buried deep inside of me at a public place. This was not just immoral but obscene. We were having sex in public. At a televised event! Did that make the broadcast X rated? Was this now a giant porno shoot?
As I sat impaled on Nicole's lap she pulled me towards her, forcing my back against her breasts as she rested her head on my shoulder. "Very good puppet," whispered Nicole while she caressed my belly where the tip of the dildo was hidden beneath my flesh. Now I want to give you the rules of the game. Every time our team gets on base I want you to bounce and clap. When we score I want you to do it until the crowd becomes quiet. When we hit a home run I want you to stand up and cheer before dropping back onto the dildo. You got that?"
Still in shock, I nervously nodded my head.
Nicole giggled and kissed the side of my neck. "We are going to have so much fun."
I was forced to play Nicole's games enough times to know what she wanted. Nicole wanted me to orgasim in public and would most likely leave as soon as I did, setting up a perverse incentive. If I played along I could escape this distressing situation. However that would require me to activectivly participat in a public display of sex. Sitting on top of Nicole it was a display that I controlled. The more aggressive I was the more likely it was we would be discovered but it also meant the quicker we could leave. Deciding to be subtle I move my hand to caress the inside of my thigh, my finger making contact with the base of the latex appendage.
"No hands puppet," stated Nicole as took both my hands and moved them to the armrests. "That would be cheating."
I struggled to get my breathing under control feeling embarrassed at being scolded for attempting to masterbate in public. Once I got my pulse back to a more reasonable level I made another attempt at subtly getting off. I applied a little force to the armrests lifting myself slightly off of Nicole's lap and slowly rotated my hips.
Nicole held my waist offering resistance and making me exert far more effort than what would normally be necessary for such subtle movements. My breathing slowed and turned more into gasps as I focused on my mission. The dildo twisting and shifting within my body.
Our little game became an odd twist on the baseball foreplay metaphors. Instead of leading up to sex our game used baseball during sex. Every time 'our' team got a hit I would bounce up and down hoping the crowd would not stop clapping. Nicole had to even scold me a few times telling me our team did not score so neither could I. It wasn't until the 7th inning that our team hit a home run. The crowd went wild and I jumped to my feet before dropping back onto the dildo bouncing up and down while the crowd cheered, resulting in my needed orgasim.
Happy it was over. I leaned back into Nicole trying to get my breathing back to normal when Nicole turned my head and gave me a passionate kiss. At the moment I thought it was simply because Nicole was excited she made me achieve an orgasim and I didn't pay attention to the crowd cheering once again.
Breaking the kiss I looked into Nicole's eyes hoping we were done but instead of looking at me Nicole was focused to our left where she was waving. Turning my head I could see everyone looking at us and when I looked to the right I saw why. The stadium placed us on the kiss cam just after my orgasim. The entire stadium saw me in the afterglow of sex and kissing my girlfriend with her strap-on still buried within me.