Chapter One:
Fall is in the air on the central coast of California. The summer crowds in Pismo Beach have given way to a small contingent of visitors bundled up in jackets and coats as they roam the beaches. Fisherman cast their lines from the pier amid blustery winds and grey skies.
My soulmate and sex goddess, Catherine returned from an extended visit with her daughter in Southern California. She called earlier this morning and asked me to come stay with her so I could help cure what she calls an 'extended bout of celibacy'. She said her vibrator batteries were completely drained and she needs the warmth and comfort that only a hard-seven-inch cock can provide.
Catherine also hinted that since Halloween was drawing near that a sexy surprise was waiting for me as well. I can only image what my sex starved horny minx has in mind. I am dying to tell her about my latest crazy adventure with Deidre and George. I first met Deidre at the Lupin Lodge Resort up in the Santa Cruz mountains. I had told Catherine about this lady sitting on the pool steps who whistled when she saw the purple cock ring around my cock and balls. Catherine was skeptical and I had to convince her the story was true.
I just sent Catherine a text that I am on my way. She responds as I drive up Highway 101.
Can't wait for you to meet my special friend.
I wonder what she means by that. My mind goes into overdrive as I envision a threesome with Catherine and a mystery lady. By the time I swing into her driveway, my cock is rock hard with anticipation. I hop out of the truck and adjust myself, so my bulge isn't so obvious. I knock once on her front door and it opens wide. I do a double-take as I am taken by complete surprise. Catherine stands directly in front of me, at least I think it's Catherine, wearing a witch costume, black mask and holding a stick with a crow on top. I don't know what to say and just stand there speechless. I must have a goofy look on my face, so Catherine finally breaks the silence.
"Rob, darling, it's me. Are you okay?"
Catherine reaches for my hand and pulls me through the door. She steps back and twirls around as I close the front door.
"Well, what do you think of my special friend? Do you think I'm sexy?"
Catherine removes the black mask and wraps her arms around me, squeezing her body into me. Our lips converge for a deep wet kiss. She slides her tongue between my lips searching for my tongue. Our embrace lasts several minutes as our hips grind together. She can feel my hard-on press into her mound.
We break apart to catch our collective breaths.
"To be honest, when you said, 'special friend', I thought I'd be meeting someone new."
"I see, hoping for a threesome? That explains your current condition. I'm sorry to disappoint you."
"You can never disappoint me. I've missed you so much Cath. But what the heck are you wearing? Is this really you?"
"Yes, it's really me. This is my new Halloween costume. It's the hottest look this year, it's Maleficent, Mistress of Evil. What do you think?"
"I love the purple collar and cape. But I especially like the low-cut bodice with your boobs on display. Have they gotten bigger, or is it just the costume? One wrong move and you might become Topless Maleficent."
"Actually, it's a new push-up bra. I bought it in Hollywood when I found the costume. I want to be sexy Maleficent."
"Okay, but the horns look a bit menacing. Are you wearing a strap-on under your costume?"
"Oh Rob, you are still so cute. No, I'm not wearing my strap-on, but thanks for the suggestion. That can be one of our future role play scenarios."
"Wow, you are over-the-top sexy. Angela Jolie has nothing on you. But why did you buy a Halloween costume?"
"Well, my darling, because my next-door neighbor, Samantha is throwing a Halloween party at her house and you are going with me."
"I am?"
"You are. And I have just the right costume for you. I have a Phantom of the Opera mask and cape. You are going to be my Angel of Music and we are going to make crazy, passionate love together."
"Well, your costume has my cock singing right now."
"I was hoping you would say that. Take off your shoes and come up to my bedroom and make love to Maleficent."
Catherine takes my hand and pulls me upstairs, holding her staff with the crow in her other hand. I'm not sure where this is heading, but I won't have a dildo up my ass. At least, not today. She tosses her staff aside and leans over her bed.
"Take this wicked queen, split me in two with your seven-inch staff."
So much for small talk or catching up with the past several weeks. Catherine wants my cock now. I lift the hem of her wicked queen costume up and over her wide creamy rear. She is not wearing anything under the dress.
"Such a naughty lady to be without proper underwear. Are you wishing to be spanked?"
"Treat your queen as you see fit. But, be warned, I shall never wear panties while I am dressed in this attire, not even on Halloween."
I hate to keep my queen waiting as I make a neat pile of my shirt, jeans, and socks on the floor. I absently stroke my fully erect cock. A bit of pre-cum forms at the tip which I swipe up and taste. The salty fluid is no match for the sweet scent emanating from Catherine's pussy.
Catherine spreads her legs further and looks back at me with a quizzical stare.
"Your queen is waiting."
I smack a wide pale cheek leaving a pink imprint to let her know I am still in charge. At least I think I am. I kneel before my queen and use my hands to spread her cheeks. Her pert rosebud and full outer lips come into view. The pink labia hang low, glistening with her arousal. Catherine's anticipation has her wet already. I inch forward and let my tongue glide along her lips. Her sweet taste is exquisite and one that I know so well.
I lick the length of her moist slit and dart my tongue deep as I separate her folds. Catherine's natural lubrication forms along her inner lips. She groans and lifts her ass higher. I smack her other cheek with a quick strike and forcefully slide my tongue between her swelling pussy lips. I lap up her juices as they flow from within her center core. I would love to continue with my face plastered to Catherine's cunt and bring her to a quick orgasm, but my raging hard-on has other ideas.
I stand over my lover and without further ado, center the tip of my cock between her labia. She is slick and hot from my tonguing and ready for me. I rub my shaft along her slit, gathering moisture until I am fully lubricated. In one swift motion, I sink all the way in with one long, steady stroke.
Catherine gasps, "Oh, my fucking lord! I've waited so long for this!"
I pull all the way out and then slide back in. Catherine rises to her elbows to brace herself as I thrust again and again. With each movement, she pushes back into me, her inner flesh caresses my cock. Her hips rock side to side creating exquisite vibrations along my shaft.
"Maleficent, your pussy is so hot and tight!"
She looks back at me with lust in her eyes. The horns upon her head create a frightful vision as if she is going to take charge and completely swallow up my seven-inches within her pussy.
"Just fuck me, Rob! Fuck me as hard as you want, Maleficent can take it!"
With a groan at her invitation, I push as deep as I can, and grab hold of those horns. I pull back and lift her head up. Catherine arches her back as I press my hips against her fleshy rear; my thick shaft planted firmly between her labia. My cock throbs as I feel her flesh pulse. We are driving each other towards a fulfilling orgasm.
Catherine pushes her body up and slides a hand between her pussy and the mattress to rub her inflamed clit.
"Keep fucking me while your queen masturbates. I want us to climax together, I want you to cum inside me."
I resume pumping back and forth, pressing her to the mattress and trapping her hand while her fingers strum her pink pearl. I know her body so well and she is on the precipice of her orgasm. So am I.
"Cum with me my queen. Allow your royal subject to shoot his fiery load into your steaming cunt. Let him pleasure you and take you over the edge with him."
"I command you to keep fucking me and cum inside me. Cum inside me now or face the wrath of Maleficent."
Catherine's stern warning causes my balls to explode and send a river of hot semen deep within her recesses. She cries out with a passion, "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!"
I feel her inner flesh spasm and tighten around my shaft as her pleasure peaks. Catherine slams her pussy hard against her hand. Her head sways side to side as the intense orgasm spreads through her body. Muffled cries continue for several minutes while she milks the last remaining drops of cum from my cock.
We slow down at the same time and fall in a heap upon the bed, gasping for air to replenish our spent bodies. Our ragged breathing continues. I support my weight with my arms so as not to crush Catherine. Our sex still joined, but only for a moment as my wilting staff slides from within her gaping cunt.
I whisper, "Did I please my queen?"
Catherine laughs out loud, "Oh Maleficent is very pleased. Very pleased indeed. Now help me out of my dress and lay with me."
I stand and pull Catherine to her feet. I unzip her costume and it slithers to the floor. She reaches around and unclasps her push-up bra as I grab her Double-Ds and massage her freed mounds. Catherine removes her horns and tosses them to the side of the bed.
"I feel our combined juices running down my thighs. Remove your hands from my breasts and get a towel to clean her majesty's lower extremities. Quickly now."
Reluctantly, I let go of her tits. I haven't held them in my hands for over three weeks and miss them dearly. I return with a warm washcloth and hand towel to clean Catherine's thighs and pussy lips. When my task is complete, Catherine invites me under the bed covers and we cuddle with her head upon my chest. She lowers her hand down to my flaccid shaft. Catherine cups my balls gently and holds them.
"These will never replace my vibrator. So, my eager subject, tell me about your time spent away from your queen."
Catherine and I spend the next several hours resting and catching up our time away from each other. I relate my time spent with Deidre and George at the Pismo Village RV Park. Catherine asks for all the details. I tell her about Deidre's perfectly coifed gray hair, her thick thighs and those big, fleshy tits with large pink areole. All the while Catherine strokes my shaft and squeezes my balls.
I continue the story about our trip to the sex store to find a cock ring for George and end up buying a new corset for Deidre. I wait a few minutes to judge how Catherine is reacting to my confession. My cock is rebounding and getting hard again. Catherine wraps her hand around my shaft and strokes up and down. She requests more information and I describe in detail how I fisted Deidre and received a spirited blowjob in return. I tell Catherine how I met George and Deidre at Pirate's Cove and later how Deidre enjoyed a double-penetration of George's eight-inch cock along with my seven inches. By the end of my tale, I am rock hard, and Catherine is ready to ride me.
"I want you inside me again Rob. This time make love to Catherine and forget Maleficent. It feels like you are ready, and I know I definitely am."
Catherine throws her leg over my hips and straddles me. She is going to take control this time around. Catherine pulls my cock upright and strokes me several times creating some pre-cum that she spreads around my shaft. When she is satisfied with her work, Catherine moves forward and sits astride my hard cock. She glides her pussy along the length of my shaft, coating me with her moisture.
With a slight adjustment she lifts my shaft and traps the tip of my cock between her slick labia. Catherine drops slowly down on me and I fill her completely. My cock disappears within the pink flower of her smooth vagina.
"You fill me up, Rob; your cock is right where it should be."
Catherine smiles, moves lower and places her hands beside my head. Her breasts dangle inches from lips. I stretch my head enough to capture her crimson red nipple. I gently suck her stiff nubbin and then switch to her other. As I suckle, Catherine squeezes her inner muscles to grasp my rigid seven-inches.
I continue to suck and nibble on her Double-D's as Catherine moves up and down. Her tight pussy glides along my shaft as she concentrates on providing us the most pleasure. Our bodies increase in tempo and Catherine rotates her pelvis to ramp up our shared pleasure. She knows exactly what she is doing, as only a skilled lover can.
I hadn't realized how much I missed Catherine's succulent tits, until this moment. Her perfectly shaped mounds, capped by rich red areole command my attention. My hands cup the hefty weight of each breast as the heat and friction of her pussy move us closer to sublime ecstasy. Without thinking, I raise my hips pushing deeper into her wet quim.
"I feel you so deep in my cunt, Rob. It is so good my gentle lover."
Catherine controls our pleasure and she is ready to take us over the edge. Her hands move to my chest to balance the movement and speed of her thrusts. Her boobs hang low while I knead her flesh and pinch her erect nipples. Catherine's inner labia massages my erection with every lift.
"Catherine, I'm going to cum soon!"
"Do it, cum in me, cum in me when you're ready. I need your jizz in my cunt."
"Oh, gawd Cath, your words drive me insane."
My cock swells as she slams her hips down. Buried deep in Catherine's core, I cum hard sending jets of liquid love into her. She feels my hot semen and grinds harder causing pulse after pulse of cum to fill her pussy.
Catherine bends down against my chest and stares into my eyes. Her loving smile lets me know her orgasm is close as she continues to fuck me. I open my mouth, inviting her for a kiss. Our lips mesh and her tongue presses into mine.
She moans, "This is so fucking good. I love your cock."
I maintain my erection for Catherine as our combined juices drip down my shaft. The heat within her cunt surrounds my throbbing dick. Her breathing intensifies and she reaches her crescendo.
"Yes, yes, yes, I'm there, I'm there. Oh, my gawd, this feels so good."
My cock throbs and my whole being shares in her pleasure. Our bodies rock together and Catherine grunts one last time before collapsing on my body. We are totally spent and remain motionless. Our breathing is short and erratic. Sweat covers our bodies and my cock remains firmly buried in Catherine. She rests against my chest. Our hearts beat as one.
"Welcome home, Catherine."
"Thank you for this moment. It's just what I needed."
"Well, two sessions are better than one, eh Cath? Or should I say Maleficent?"
"Today it's Catherine. Next Saturday it will be Mistress Maleficent. You will obey my every command or face the consequences."
"If the consequences are anything like today, I just might misbehave."
Catherine bites my lip and slides to her side. My cock slips out of her drenched pussy and we drift off to a well-deserved sleep.
Chapter Two:
Saturday rolls around and we are ready to party. Catherine and I spent most of the week together getting reacquainted after a three-week absence. We made love in her spa, showered together and went out to dinner every night. Catherine had a honey-do list for me. She knew I would do anything for her, if it meant I could have access to her Double-D's daily.
Catherine wore her Maleficent costume a few times to make sure it fit perfectly. Each time, she wore her push-up bra and no panties just as she promised. She made me wear the Phantom of the Opera costume as well. We make quite a pair and look forward to having fun at Samantha's house this evening.
Samantha has been her next-door neighbor for over a year now. I first met Samantha in Catherine's backyard. The two ladies were sunbathing in the nude. Samantha gave me a tight hug and ground her naked hips into me. Her bare tits are a nice round C-Cup, with coral colored puffy nipples. They are so soft and suckable. I know this because later that day, Catherine and I helped Samantha unpack hundreds of boxes and get settled into her new home. The three of us ended up in Samantha's shower where I ate her smooth pussy. After that we enjoyed a threesome in Catherine's spa.
Samantha is an Associate Professor over at Cal Poly and has invited several of her colleagues to the Halloween party. Catherine believes there will be about thirty revelers tonight. At least I'll know two people tonight. Around four-thirty, I receive a text from Catherine.
Hey Lover, I'm helping Samantha get ready for the party tonight. Come up when you are ready. Your costume and two bottles of wine are on the kitchen table. The front door is unlocked. Can't wait to see my Phantom tonight.
I arrive at Catherine's house in San Luis Obispo at 6:30 and as the text stated, my Phantom of the Opera costume is on her kitchen table. I am wearing a white dress shirt and black pants. On the table are three simple items, a black cape, fedora and the classic face mask. A note from Catherine says that if I'm brave enough, I can apply red lipstick for a dramatic effect. She left a tube of Yves Saint Laurent Rouge next to the note. I know she is tempting me to see just how far I will go to please her. I bet she thinks I'll pass on her offer. Not tonight my dear. I grab the lipstick and head into the guest bathroom.
I emerge from the bathroom with deep red lips. I fit the mask over my head and don the cape and fedora. After a quick check in the mirror, I grab the two bottles of wine and walk over to Samantha's home. The front door is open, and the party is already in full swing.
A CD player is blaring The Monster Mash while a few zombie couples dance in the living room. I see Dracula on a couch with his fangs buried between Little Bo Peep's tits. Little Bo Peep is quite well-endowed for such a young lady.
I walk into the kitchen and add the two bottles of Merlot to a counter overflowing with libations. Several people have taken up residence in the kitchen. I nod to the men and introduce myself. Two ladies look in my direction and blow air kisses my way. One is dressed in a shinny black corset with her boobs nearly spilling over the top. Her cat ears and whiskers complete the costume. I'm always amazed how Halloween brings out the 'sexy' in women, no matter what age. So far, this crowd appears to be in their forties and fifties. A few younger people mill about too. Several people engage in conversation and I believe most know each other.
Catherine and Samantha are no where to be seen, so I continue my journey to the backyard. A large group of characters are crowded around a photo booth in the left corner of the yard. Samantha has gone all out for this party. The cast includes Elvira displaying deep cleavage, Wonder Woman, a sexy nun and leering priest. I assume they are married. A few more zombies and assorted elves round out the people waiting their turn to be photographed.
The only light in the yard is provided by the booth and an assortment of candle lit pumpkins scattered about the property. There is a makeshift bar at the far end of the backyard overlooking the open space. Several more people are busy creating Halloween drinks. I walk towards the bar looking for the only two ladies I currently know. I grab a beer and shake hands with Hellboy, a rancher, Minnie Mouse with huge tits and a Golden Girl. Still no Maleficent and whatever Samantha is wearing.
I spend time drinking my beer and chatting up Minnie Mouse. You know I love big tits. I'm rather good at small talk and use my Phantom personae to make Minnie and Golden Girl laugh. Hellboy suggests we take a group photo. Minnie thinks it would be a hoot to have a picture of such disparate characters. She squeezes her boobs together and scoots over to the photo booth.
I take my time walking back to the other side, still on the lookout for Catherine. It shouldn't be hard to spot her with those horns sticking up. There are several people waiting to have their pictures taken. A group of zombies are currently being arranged in the booth.
As I stand by the side waiting for our turn, I feel a presence move behind me. Someone kisses my neck and whispers, "I've been looking for a Phantom with a seven-inch cock, could this be you?"
Finally, my Maleficent. Before I can turn around, she grabs my hand and pulls me to a dark corner behind the photo booth. I find it difficult to see, the only light shines down from a crescent moon. Maleficent hands me her cane and drops to her knees. This happens so fast; I don't have time to think. Two hands work my belt free and unzip my slacks. In one quick motion, my pants are down around my knees and my cock springs up. I've been semi-erect since ogling Minnie Mouse's huge tits, but now I am rock hard anticipating the next move.
The cool night air around my cock is replaced by a warm wet mouth plunging down my shaft. I can't believe what Catherine is doing out here in the open. I can hear the voices of people chatting away on the other side of the photo booth. One hand grips the base of my cock while her tongue snakes out to lick the underside over and over. Maleficent keeps a tight grip while her other hand gently massages my balls, tugging my sac and squeezing.
My cock fills her mouth, her lips, tongue and hands urge me toward orgasm, I know I'm not going to last long out here in the open. I continue along with the fantasy and urge Maleficent rather than Catherine to suck harder. She opens wide and swallows several inches of my shaft. She presses her lips together, sucks hard and pulls back. My cock slips from her lips with a pop.
Maleficent goes back to work, sucking, licking, and stroking me. I am in heaven as I watch the shadow of my cock disappear into her mouth repeatedly. At this point, I don't care if we get caught, I am too far gone. She lowers her head to pull my ball sac to her mouth. She opens wide and sucks on each one of my balls. She alternates sucking my balls while holding my cock tight. Maleficent pulls down on my shaft and swallows me up again, concentrating on my glans. She sucks hard, stroking my shaft with her hand.
With a sudden rush, my balls tighten, my seven-inches swell to a new level fullness, and I release rope after rope of cum into her warm, wet, mouth. I close my eyes and let the orgasmic feeling travel through my entire body. I can feel her swallow every jet, as she squeezes my balls and milks my shaft. Maleficent holds her lips tight around my glans as my jizz continues to flow. She swallows it all and proceeds to suck more juice from my tip until I am completely drained.
Maleficent finishes sucking and slurping my shaft and squeezing my balls. She stands up, grabs her staff with the crow and dashes away. Just like that, I am left alone with my slacks around my knees, my cock dangling in the cool night air; a bit if cum hangs from the tip and slowly drops to the ground. My mind is a blur as I try to register what just happened.
I reach down and pull up my pants, stuffing my semi-erection back inside. I shake my head a couple of times to clear my brain. I've got to go find Catherine and ask her what that was all about. I emerge from the darkness and walk to the side of the photo booth. Minnie Mouse is standing there with her huge tits front and center.
"Hey Phantom, where have you been? We're up next for our photo, come on."
Minnie grabs my hand and leads me into the booth. Five of us arrange ourselves in position for the photographer's first snap. We are then directed to make goofy faces and gestures while several more pictures are taken. Once our stint is done, we make room for the next group. Minnie stares at me for several moments.
"Are you okay? You look a little muddled."
"No, I'm fine. Just a little confused about something."
"Well, I hope you'll be okay."
"No, no, I'm good. You know, I really love your costume. I think that Mickey Mouse is a pretty lucky guy."
"Oh, I left him a long time ago. He ran off with Goofy, I'm here by myself."
We both laugh out loud and draw stares from the other people around us.
"I know you like my costume, you've been staring at my breasts since we first met."
"I'm sorry, its just that I love big boobs. And yours are amazing. How big are they?"
"Geez, that's not a gentlemanly thing to ask. They are 34GG and I am proud of them."
"I thought as much. My next-door neighbor in Pismo Beach is a 34GG and I love playing with her tits."
"Well, buy me a drink and I might let you play with mine."
"But the drinks here are free."
"Exactly!"
Again, we bust up laughing. Minnie grabs my hand and we walk back to the bar. Hellboy and the Golden Girl are already there. We grab a drink and the four of us toast the group photo. Minnie takes a sip of gin and tonic and we resume our conversation.
"So Phantom, you say you live in Pismo Beach? I love it down there and I love Avila too. I go there quite a lot and walk along the boardwalk, and through the beach streets. There's a beach that I go to, it's Pirate's Cove. I assume you've heard of it?"
"Wow, yes, it's my favorite haunt. I was just there a couple of weeks ago with some friends. I'll have to keep an eye out for you in the future."
"Give me your cell number, maybe we can go together. I'm always looking for someone who can keep me slathered in sunscreen. It's no fun to have sunburned boobs."
My cock stirs at the thought, even though I just experienced an amazing blowjob, having the cum completely drained out of me. We hear a commotion on the far side of the backyard and look over. The Cat Woman with the black shinny corset I first saw in the kitchen is standing there with another couple. Her tits are completely out of her corset and the woman is feeling the left one. They are laughing and carrying on as if no one is around.
Minnie groans, "Oh no, there's Nicole showing off her boob job again. She just had them enhanced to an E-cup. I told her I thought that would be too big, but she just loves them."
"You know her?"
"Yeah, we work together in the Admissions department over at Cal Poly. She goes to Pirate's Cove with me too. I'd better go rescue her, before she completely takes off her corset. Don't be a stranger Mr. Phantom. I'll call you sometime."
Minnie downs the rest of her G & T, and then rushes over to rescue Cat Woman and her E-cups. I'm beginning to think these college workers are all just a bunch of horny old folks. I watch for a few minutes as Minnie and Cat Lady have a spirited discussion. I finish my beer and walk back to the house. When I walk by the photo booth, I see Maleficent standing there, horns high on head and holding her staff.
I get an idea and sneak up behind her. I reach around and grab her tits, giving them a gentle squeeze.
I whisper in her ear, "Hey Maleficent, you know something, two can play at this game."
Without another word, I grab her wrist and pull her behind the photo booth into the dark corner where she sucked my cock. I waist no time, removing my hat and mask, tossing them aside. I lift her skirt up and move in ready to eat her pussy. I let her skirt fall trapping me inside.
I spread her legs and stick out my tongue ready for a taste of sweet nectar. As I press my face against her cunt, I am met with a full bush of soft pubic hair. I am stunned as I realize this is not Catherine. Catherine has been silky smooth for over a year now. I feasted on her smooth labia just yesterday.
I wonder what this lady is thinking. She was minding her own business and is then dragged to a dark corner of the backyard. And now a stranger is about to lick her pussy. Wait, I just realize she is not wearing underwear, no panties, no thong. What gives? I am too far gone and proceed to lick along her hairy slit from bottom to top. Mmm, she does taste sweet.
I am ready to feast on this lovely nest between her thighs. I hope she will go along for the ride. I get my answer right away as she spreads her legs further and grabs the back of my head, pressing me into her womanhood. Her soft curls tickle my nose as my tongue separates her inner labia. Her pussy is already very wet. I lick up and down, gathering as much of her nectar as I can. I rely on my lips and tongue to satisfy this Maleficent.
Once again, I am in the midst of pussy heaven. The thatch of curls surrounds my lips. I can't get enough of her soft, downy pubic hair. I lick all around her fur covered outer lips and inhale her feminine scent. I search out the wet crevice between her inner lips and follow the trail of pussy juice.
Her pink inner labia hang down from within her folds. Her lips are moist and tasty, and I suck on the flaps. I slide my tongue back and forth along her pink slit, creating a flood of juice. Maleficent presses my face tighter between her thighs. I slide two fingers up into her love canal. They easily enter her inner flesh assisted by the large amount of lady cum dripping from her cunt.
My mystery lady takes deep breaths and grunts each time I push my digits deep within her folds. They disappear within the long curls of hair. Her clit emerges from its protective hood and stiffens as I apply more pressure. I suck on her clitoris and flick it with my tongue while I fuck her with my fingers, pushing her to the brink of orgasm.
"Oh yes, sweet Jesus."
She presses her thighs into my face searching for release. Her girl juice covers my cheeks and chin. I extend my tongue to lick her smooth inner thighs and the wet skin all around her dense jungle. I feel her clit throb against my tongue, so I press harder and move it in a circular motion. Maleficent screams out as her climax rushes over her. Her legs spasm and her pussy throbs. I squeeze her ass cheeks to keep her upright.
"Uh huh, uh huh. Fuuuccckkkkk,"
She breathes fast and holds onto my shoulders while her climax weaves through her body, leaving her flushed and my face covered in cum. I continue to hold her ass to keep her from falling while she rides out her orgasm. As the intense feeling ebbs, I let go of her ass and stand up in front of her. Our eyes meet for the first time. Tears stream down her face.
"Thank you, thank you, thank you. That was the most intense orgasm I've ever experienced. I wish you could teach my husband how to eat my pussy. What's your name? Where are you from?"
I bend down to retrieve my mask and hat. Placing my mask over my cum smeared face, I tell her I am from the depths of the opera house. I am the Phantom. I leave her standing there in the dark, contemplating my answers.
Just as the other Maleficent did to me earlier, I sneak away without another word spoken. I quickly walk back into the house searching for Catherine. In the living room, there are two zombie couples furiously making out on the couch. One man has his hand up his lady friend's dress. Her legs are spread as she is obviously being fingered.
I move to the hallway next to the guest bathroom, just as another Maleficent comes out. This time it is my Maleficent, my Catherine.
"Rob, there you are. Where have you been? I was starting to think you changed your mind and decided not to come."
"What? What are you talking about? Twenty minutes ago, you had your lips wrapped around my cock out by the photo booth."
"Ahem, that wasn't me darling. But I have a sneaking suspicion who it might have been."
"What do you mean it wasn't you? You came up behind me and whispered you were looking for a Phantom with a seven-inch cock. And you took me behind the photo booth and gave me a world class blowjob. Nobody sucks my cock the way you do, it was so good."
"Oh Rob, I have a confession to make. I showed Samantha my Maleficent costume and she fell in love with it. She wanted to be Maleficent too. We had to go all the way to Paso Robles to find a costume. I bet she was the one sucking your cock. She knows your cock is seven inches long. Wait until I find her?"
"Don't get too mad at her because it was a really, really good blowjob. She curled my toes. Hey, do you know there are three Maleficent queens here tonight?"
"Actually, there are four. I've talked with each one of them and we all agree we are the best dressed of everyone tonight. I see you had the courage to use the red lipstick, good for you. But, did you not use a mirror to put it on? It's all smeared around your lips."
"Well I was going for a dramatic effect. Maybe it got a little smeared when I was eating."
"Well, I love the look. So, let's go find Samantha and get to the bottom of this little story. I can't believe she was so blatant, giving my boyfriend a blowjob behind my back."
Catherine, er Maleficent and I set out to locate Samantha, Maleficent number two. Or is she number three or number four. All I know is that one Maleficent enjoyed my pussy eating skill which left me with smeared lipstick.
Our search takes us upstairs to check the bedrooms and master bath. We open the door to the guest bedroom and find Dracula fucking the daylights out of Little Bo Peep. He has her bent over the bed and is thrusting non-stop while she moans out loud. We quietly close the door and leave. They are none the wiser.
A search of Samantha's bedroom turns up empty, so we make our way down to the kitchen and eventually outside. Catherine spots Samantha, at least we think it is Samantha out by the bar with several other party guests. As we walk to the back, I ask Catherine if she saw the Cat Woman in the black shiny corset.
"I sure did. She was out here with her tits completely exposed, showing them off to a group of people. Can you imagine?"
"Uh Cath, I don't want to say anything, but you are showing a whole lot of your boobs tonight. That push-up bra is putting them on display for everyone."
"Yes, but I'm not taking them out and prancing around with my nipples exposed to the world. They are for your eyes only."
"And Samantha's eyes and everyone on Avila Beach and ..."
"Okay, okay, you made your point."
"I'm just teasing. So, go easy on Samantha."
We walk over to Samantha who is talking and laughing with a rodeo clown, a court jester, a pixie and a female flight attendant. All three ladies have their tits pushed up and on display. I ask again, what is with the sexy costumes tonight. Samantha looks over and winks. She tells us to make a drink and meet her colleagues from the university.
I step in front of Catherine, "Hey Samantha, might you have been over by the photo booth about a half-hour ago and maybe, just maybe introduced yourself to the Phantom of the Opera?"
"Guilty as charged. Catherine and I have been working hard to make the evening a success, and when I saw you, I couldn't resist to stop and have a little appetizer. Are you having fun tonight?"
Catherine is happy for the confession. She can never get mad at her next-door neighbor, besides we've enjoyed too many threesomes together. I walk over to the bar and pour a glass of red wine for Catherine and grab a beer for me. We join the group and talk about anything and everything. The group is impressed that Catherine and Samantha are dressed identically.
I move close to Samantha and whisper, "That was a fabulous blowjob. I thought you were Catherine. You made my toes curl. Did I have enough cum for you?"
She says she was extremely satisfied and hopes that I have more to give later tonight. I assure her that I will and compliment her on her costume. I let her know that her tits look yummy and I hope to play with them later as well.
"Hey Rob, why is that lipstick smeared all over your face?"
"Ah, it was from something that I ate."
The court jester says he can't get over how sexy Catherine and Samantha look, and how they could be twins. He suggests the ladies have their picture taken together. I concur and add that I think all four Maleficents should be included. I volunteer to track down the other two as we all head over to the photo booth. I look back and see Catherine and Samantha walk together. I know Catherine isn't upset that Samantha got to suck my cock first.
I track down the other Evil Queens and let them know it is picture-taking time. One of the ladies grabs me by the arm and takes me aside.
"Gawd, I want you to fuck me. If your cock is as good as your tongue, I'll be a happy woman. My pussy is still dripping, and I can't stop thinking about my orgasm."
"I think we should make a date, but don't tell your husband. Right now the camera is calling. You have a date with three other Maleficents."
A large crowd gathers around the photo booth watching four Maleficents take their place. The photographer arranges them in various poses, some fun, some serious. We all clap and cheer for the best costumes of the evening. The ladies soak up all the attention. I have intimate knowledge of three out of four, I wonder who the fourth could be. The ladies step from the booth amid applause. The fourth Mistress walks up to me and hands me a calling card.
"Word has it you have quite a talent for eating pussies. I wish I could have experienced your expertise tonight. Perhaps another time."
She winks and walks away. I look at the card, it simply states 'Jill' followed by an email address and phone number. My head spins, thinking of the possibilities. She must know Maleficent number three. I slip the card in my pocket as Maleficent numbers one and two take my arms and lead me back to the house.
The party begins to wind down. The guests slowly filter out and thank Samantha for a marvelous evening. I watch the zombies depart, followed by Dracula, the Pixie, Hellboy and others. Minnie comes up to me and kisses me on the cheek telling me she'll see me at Pirate's Cove. She holds hands with Cat Woman, who kisses me square on the mouth. I watch Maleficents number three and four leave with their husbands. Before they walk out the door, they stare at me and lick their lips in a sensuous manner. What a night it has been.
Most of the guests have departed before Samantha, Catherine and I begin the long, arduous clean-up. Catherine and I are picking up trash in the living room when we see Little Bo Peep come down the stairs. I can't be sure, but it appears she is clutching her bra and panties. Catherine and I look at each other and smile. This is one Halloween party for the books.
The End.