On the ride from the Bois de Vincennes back into Central Paris, Runa and we detour through an old residential neighborhood that somehow eluded Haussmann's 19th-century wrecking ball. We stop at a cafe with a Belle-Epoch facade and Art Nouveau lettering.
"Can you imagine?" I ask as we sip cafe expresso. "Cezanne could have sat here? Or Gauguin? or even van Gogh?"
"Jason," Runa says, looking at me like I've just gone around the bend. "With 40,000 cafes in Paris, you think those guys hung out here because it has a pretty sign?"
Harsh. But true. Runa may be blond, innocent and painfully beautiful. But sometimes she's more logical than Mr. Spock.
The text message saves me from further embarrassment. It's from Violet, who, just in case I had forgotten her own nubile beauty, includes a selfie of herself in a semi-transparent blouse standing on the Charles Bridge in Prague at sunset.
"Remember me handsome? I'm getting into the swing of things here. But I miss your big hazel eyes, and other things. And remember that Skype address I gave you? How about using it tonight at 23:00?
"And, yes, you can bring that pretty sweetie you've found. (It's been two days, of course you've hooked up by now.) I'm not sure I mentioned it, but I'm the kind of girl who appreciate girls the way boys do! XOXO Violet."
"Let's see if we like the same things in a woman?" I text back.
"OK! You start," Violets responds.
"Whip smart and logical?" I text.
"Definitely," Violet replies.
"Yup," I concur, "Tan lines or not?"
"Tan lines are so sexy."
"Agree! Natural or shaved?"
"Shaved, except maybe for natural blondes."
"Yup! Ideal age and dress size."
"Mmm... 19 or 20. Size six."
"Check. Extrovert or introvert?"
"Doesn't matter."
"OK," I text. "I think I have a candidate. Let me ask."
I pass the phone to Runa who studies the text message thread.
"I think she is saying she wants to have cam sex with you tonight at 23:00," Runa says.
"Yes. But not just me. With us. You're invited too."
After this afternoon in the Bois, I know one thing. Runa won't be shocked. If anything, watching and being watched made her even more aroused.
"Is she nice, this Violet?" Runa asks.
"Very nice. And very sexy," I reply.
Runa thinks it over for a moment, then pulls out her phone. After a brief conversation in Norwegian, she turns to me. "Let's do it. And maybe we have surprise for this sexy Violet."
"What's that?" I ask.
"Raven and Robert," she says with a mischievous grin. "They want to join."
I put my arm around Runa, hold my phone at arm's length and take a selfie of the two us. "C U @ 23:00," I type. "Jason & Runa."
"This is going to be interesting," I tell Runa, draining the last drop of expresso .
"You have no idea," Runa answers with smug smile.
As soon as we return to HIJ, Robert, the hostel clerk who has been hanging with Raven, Runa's Norwegian "Twin," finds me as I'm locking up the bikes.
"So, it's going well with Runa?" he asks, indirectly reminding me that I had him to thank for meeting the Twins in the first place.
"Very well," I say with a conspiratorial smile.
"Can I ask you something?"
"Sure," I tell him. "I have no secrets."
"Good... Is Runa?" he asks, making a certain obscene gesture with his fingers.
"A virgin? Yes, she is."
"Ah, Raven also," he sighs dramatically, as if carrying the weight of the world on his shoulders.
"So what," I tell him. "There's more than one way to scratch an itch. I thought the French were famous for inventing most of them."
This gets a laugh from Robert. "Do you always see the glass as half full?" he asks with a grin.
"As long as I have fingers to grab it, and a tongue to drink with," I say, making an obscene gesture of my own.
"Such an optimist," he says, putting his arm around my shoulders. "No wonder the Twins like you. Which reminds me, what about this adventure tonight?"
"The Skype session?"
"Exactly! Have you thought about where it can be done?"
Actually, I hadn't. And I could see his point. Where could the four of us find enough privacy, not to mention WiFi bandwidth, for cam sex? "I see what you mean," I concede.
"I think I have a solution," Robert says. "Follow me."
We climb three flights of stairs to the least desirable floor of the hostel. The air is hot and sticky and the ceiling so low we stoop. After a couple of twists and turns along a narrow corridor, we come to a dead end at some kind of service closet.
Robert pulls out his key chain and unlocks the door. Inside is a spiral staircase that emerges into a small glass pavilion built into a valley between chimneys.
"What is this?" I ask.
"The yoga room," Robert says, pointing to a half-a-dozen rolled yoga mats. "Hasn't been used for years. Not many visitors to Paris want to spend their time practicing Downward Dog."
In the distance, Isee the spires of Notre Dame and the conical slate roof of the Conciergerie where Marie Antoinette spent her final days. I also notice something hanging in the center of the room, a simple sheet of heavy cardboard with a cut out about the size of iPad screen. Robert sees me looking and grabs a yoga mat that he unrolls directly beneath the cardboard platform.
"It's close enough that we can watch an iPad lying on our backs," he tells me. "But far enough away that the camera can view four people from their heads to their knees."
"Wow," I say, "You're really into this, Robert."
"It's the girls, my friend," he whispers. "When's the last time you were with two beautiful, naked and insanely hot Norwegian chicks?"
"Robert," I say. "I totally see your point."
***
The four of us dine at the kind of place that only locals like Robert seem to know about. There are prostitutes lurking in doorways up and down the street, but inside Chez Jules we have an exquisitely prepared three-course meal for 15€ apiece, accompanied by what eventually amounts to six bottles of good wine at 6€ each.
Everyone's in a celebratory mood, and after the first three bottles are drained, Raven leans forward and asks me about my "first-time." I'm pretty sure she's not talking about my first touchdown reception or, even the night I lost my virginity to a thirty-something single mom. She wants to know about my first cam sex.
After I've described my first Omegle encounter, Robert tells us about how a Skype call to a girl from Lyon he'd met at a student conference became a hot mutual masturbation session.
Then Runa tells her story. It's a guy from school she's been crushing on. He cam calls every night after everyone is asleep. He's always sitting naked at a desk, making funny movements just out of her view. She eventually succumbs to his pleas to show herself. After removing her panties on cam, she becomes so excited they cum together.
It's Raven's story, however, that has us all enthralled. And aroused. Raven's digital paintings of heroines from Nordic mythology have attracted several hundred followers on one of the big international art sites. One is a British woman called Debby who writes long, flattering reviews.
"I'm at the stage where I'm very insecure about everything. My appearance, my sexuality, even my art. At the same time I am struggling to learn English," Raven explains. "Along comes this English-speaking girl who praises my paintings and sends me IMs saying things like, 'How is my sexy Nordic goddess this morning?' It's exciting, empowering, and very seductive."
Raven pauses for a sip of wine. I realize we are all hanging on her every word.
"When Debby says she knows a video chat site where we can hear and see each other, just the idea of it makes me all tingly and excited. I make a plan to meet Debby online when no one will be home.
"I take care with my makeup and clothes, like I'm going on this big date. When I see Debby for the first time, it's a little shocking. She's a plump dyke with short blond hair, tattoos down her arms and a nose piercing. But her voice is clear and sweet and she has kind brown eyes."
"Did you feel like she had some kind of power... some sort of control over you?" Robert asks.
"Completely. She praises my work. Not in stupid shallow ways, but thoughtful comments that show she understands. And she always flatters me, saying I'm the most beautiful artist she knows, that she loves my smile, wishes she had my figure."
"But it's just online bullshit," I blurt out.
"Of course, Jason." The way she smiles at me is eerie. I see so much of Runa in the smile, but where Runa radiates innocence, Raven projects worldliness. "I'm a little farm girl with big dreams. Debby's hip and smart. She lives in London. I want to believe because her fantasy of me as talented, beautiful and sexy is my fantasy as well."
I nod, acknowledging Raven's candor. "My aunt always said, 'There's no deception more powerful that self-deception. It's the foundation of all religion and politics,'" I tell them.
"So, what happened?" Robert asks.
"We're seeing and hearing each other for the first time and she keeps flattering my body, even asks me to stand up and turn around..."
"Hey, guys!" Runa interrupts. "Is anybody keeping track of the time?"
"Shit!" I swear, looking at my phone screen. It's almost 23:00.
"Sorry, Raven," Robert says, jumping up from the table, "I'll get the bill."
I send a quick text message to Violet, "R U there?"
"Ready and waiting, Big Boy," she replies. "Go ahead dial me up."
"Need 10 mins," I text. "Dinner ran late."
"Figures! Food's always more important than sex," she replies.
"This is Paris," I type back. "Liberté, égalité, fraternité, sexualité, et fin gourmet."
"Sure thing, Robespierre. Hurry!"
I pocket my phone, hand Robert a 50€ note, and head for the door with Runa. "I'll get the iPad set up, you guys come as soon as you can."
"Forgetting something?" Robert asks, pulling out his key chain and handing me the key to the yoga studio. "Lose this," he says. "And you will discover that capital punishment is alive and well in France."
Runa and I are both struggling to catch our breath by the time we reach the fourth floor yoga studio. The view of the night time Paris skyline is breathtaking.
"This place is amazing," Runa exclaims while I punch in Violet's Skype address.
I'm standing with my back to the view of Notre Dame and the Latin Quarter when Violet pops up on the screen.
"My, God, Jason! Where are you, some flying carpet? Is that Quasimodo I see behind you?"
"No," I tell her. "But Esmerelda's here with me."
"Oh, goodie," her face lit up in a naughty smile. "I knew you'd come through. Can I say hello?"
"Sure," I say, handing the iPad to Runa. "Violet meet Runa."
While Runa and Violet are getting acquainted, I improvise a tripod from three rolled yoga mats and use a piece of cardboard as a kind of desktop so we can place the iPad where the lens captures Runa and I standing in front of the skyline.
"God, that looks romantic," Violet says as Runa snuggles against my chest. Violet sits at a desk, wearing a Charles University T-shirt, through which her excited nipples and full breasts are plainly visible. Behind Violet I see a small dorm room with a narrow bed and a wardrobe.
Then Runa pulls my lips to hers and I close my eyes as our tongues begin seeking each other out.
"Oh, fuck, yes!" I hear Violet say as Runa wastes no time grabbing the hem of my shirt and wiggling it over my head. "Thanks, Runa. I've been dreaming about those pecs. But there's something else, that I've been wanting to see even more..."
Runa drops to her knees, her tongue leaving a glistening trail of saliva down my chest and abs. "Am I getting warm?" Runa asks, looking over her shoulder at the iPad and Violet's image at the same time her fingers reached for my belt.
"Hot," Violet answers, arching her back so her stiff nips become even more prominent. Runa opens my fly and pull my kakis down my legs with effortless ease. I'm wearing black briefs with an mistakable bulge. "Red hot!"
Runa carefully pulls on the waist band, reaches inside, takes my erect cock in her fingers and pulls it out so Violet can see.
"Better than I ever imagined," Violet tells us as Runa wraps her tiny hand around me gently strokes the length of my cock.
"Careful, that thing might go off," Violet warns. I notice Violet right hand has disappeared inside her blouse.
"I think there's plenty more ammunition, but just in case, I put it away," Runa teases.
"Wouldn't it be better just to leave it out where it can get plenty of fresh air?" Violet replies. It's amazing how well Runa and Violet get along, even if it is at my expense.
"Is there anything else you want to see," Runa asks with mock innocence.
"I am curious about a couple things," Violet says.
"I'm thinking something like that myself. Like maybe what's under that pretty blouse,"
"I'll show you mine, if you show me yours," Violet says with a grin.
"OK," Runa agrees, letting go of my cock, and reaching for the hem of her little yellow dress.
She slowly raises her dress up her legs until vibrant pink panties become visible. Runa's legs are pale white and her panties stretch drum-tight over her prominent public mound. Her abs and stomach come into view before Runa slows down. The hem is just inches below her breasts.
"Is this what you want to see?" Runa teases.
"I want to see it all, Sweetie," Violet says.
Runa pulls her dress over her head, and to my surprise, she's wearing a tiny pink triangle bra. Her breasts fill it completely. Her stiff nipples plainly visible beneath the thin fabric.
On screen, Violet rolls her T-shirt up, stopping just below her breasts. Violets nipple, already stiff when we began, are now completely rigid and unyielding. Her areola are puffy and swollen.
"Ready. One. Two. Three." Violet counts down before pulling her T-shirt over her head. Her tits are several shades paler than her torso, making them appear mouth-wateringly full and ripe.
Meanwhile, Runs has unhooked her bra, freeing her breasts.
"Beautiful," Violet whispers. "Show me how you like to touch them?"
"When I do this," Runa says, bringing her right hand to her left nipple and rolling it between her fingertips. "I feel it down below too."
"Me too," Violet agrees, squeezing her own much larger nips. "It makes me shiver. And a little wet."
"This I like also," Runa adds. Taking her breast between her fingers and squeezing.
"God, yes!" Violet exclaims, doing the same to her larger, supple tits. For a moment, her eyes close as she absorbs the sensations. When she opens them again, she's looking at me. Without realizing it, I've been touching my cock. "Those briefs look like they're pinching you, Jason. Why don't you take them off?"
"Good idea," I reply, sliding the briefs down my legs and kicking them away. My cock head is pinkish, swollen and glistening with moisture. Along the shaft, my veins stand out proud and pulsing. "Much better."
"How about you, Runa?" Violet asks. "Are you going to show?"
"My panties?" Runa asks.
"Yes. Take them off," Violet tells her.
Runa gives me a shy smile, then wiggles her panties off her hips and down her legs. She parts her legs slightly, then resumes touching her nipples.
"Oh, Runa," Violet gasps. "You look good enough to eat. Don't you think, Jason?"
"Do you want me to take as taste and let you know?" I ask Violet.
"If it's OK with Runa."
"It's very OK," Runa replies.
I kneel between Runa's legs. Her pussy is silky, pink and puffy. Remembering what happened in the Bois de Vincenes, when my tongue probed too deeply and Runa's legs involuntarily snapped together with the force of a vice, I begin by just licking her smooth skin. Starting where her lips first bud out, I lick everything including the her swollen labia as well as the smooth skin along the inside of Runa's thighs.
I can't see what's happening above me, but I feel Runa squirm, so I wrap my arms around her waist and pull her tight to my mouth. On the next tongue bath, I curl the tip so it rides between her outer labia, forcing them apart. Runa gasps with surprise, then grabs the back of my head, and forces my mouth against her sex.
"I'm jealous!" I hear Violet exclaim from the iPad speaker. "Make Jason promise he'll do that for me too."
"Uh uh," Runa mutters as my tongue finds the 8,000 or so nerve endings on the tip of her clit. "Oooooooooooo," she moans. It's not a full-blown orgasm, but Runa's body shudders and a flood of warm girl-juice spills onto my tongue and runs down my chin.
"Whoa, slow down Big Guy," Violet admonishes.
When I stand up, Runa gazes at me with a dazed smile and I wrap my arms around her just as Raven and Robert burst into the room.
"You started without us," Robert shouts.
"What's happening?" Violet asks, instinctively crossing her arms over her naked breasts.
"It's OK," I tell Violet. "We've got a little surprise for you. He's known as Robert, the naked Frenchman."
"Come here, Robert," I say, motioning for him to join us. Raven watches with an amused smile as Robert walks between Runa and myself, putting his arms over our shoulders.
"He doesn't look naked to me," Violet quips.
"But he will be," Runa says apparently coming back down to earth after her mini orgasm. "All you have to do is ask him to undress for you."
"Seriously?" Violet asks smiling from ear to ear. "Robert, take off your clothes for me, please. All of them."
"If you insist," Robert replies with a big grim of his own.
Runa takes me by the hand and pulls me toward the center of the room, leaving Robert alone in front of the iPad cam. Raven fetches some yoga mats and the three of us take a seat to watch Robert's performance.
Perhaps it's Runa's musky scent that I'm now wearing like aftershave lotion. Or the sexually-charged energy pouring off everyone in the room, but the idea of watching Robert strip naked is sending little shivering pulses of excitement directly to my hard cock, which quivers between my legs. Raven has picked up these tremors. She smiles at me, then watches my cock with a fascinated gaze. Without taking her eyes of it, she whispers something to Runa in Norwegian.
Runa giggles, then says, "Raven asks if we have any tissues. She thinks you are about to explode."
"It's possible," I say, grabbing my cock and pointing it towards Raven. She ducks out of the way and all three of us collapse in laughter.
"What's going on now?" we hear Violet ask.
"Don't worry, Violet," Robert tells her, "It's just Jason and Runa working on another surprise for you."
Robert has already removed his T-shirt and I am surprised at his tanned and muscular torso. There's not an ounce of extra fat anywhere, and just above the waist of his jeans, his abs form a sculpted V that points downward at an prominent bulge.
"Wow!" Violet exclaims.
Robert gives us all a shy grin, then reaches for his belt buckle. He milks the moment, lowering his zipper one tooth at a time. Runa and Raven are leaning forward, eyes focused on the white space that is slowly appearing along the front of Robert's jeans. Runa's nipples are as stiff as they were earlier when I was licking her, and Raven's nips, although somewhat concealed by a cotton summer dress, are also rigid and excited.
When Robert finally slides his jeans off, Runa and Raven let out a loud gasp. Visible in outline through Robert's briefs is what Bluesman Bull Moose Jackson called "my big ten inch." Both thick and long, it follows the curve of his briefs until the head seems to curl back between Robert's legs.
"Oh, my, God!" Violet cries. Even if she's in Prague and we're in Paris, I can almost feel the moisture gathering between Violet's legs.
Robert's smile has gone from shy to sly as he preens, gyrating his hips for us.
"Take it off! Take it off!" Runa and Raven chant in unison. Then Raven whispers something in Norwegian, and they both break into girlish laughter.
Robert doesn't take it off, but he does reach into his briefs and after a lot of careful manipulation, he guides the tip out through the fly. When the head appears, it seems unnaturally pale to me, but like the girls, I'm mesmerized as like some kind of snake slithering from its lair, the second longest, largest cock I've ever seen emerges into view inch by inch.
"Holy, Shit!" Violet yells. "Where'd you get that thing."
"At Le Sex Shop," Robert replies as the monster cock pulls completely through the fly. There's one beat of stunned silence until we realize that what Robert holds is not his own John-Thomas, but a lifelike 10-inch latex dildo.
"Suckered!" I yell.
"Too much for me to suck," Violet's voice replies.
Runa and Raven laugh uncontrollably, until tears run down their cheeks. I'm not far behind, wiping tears of laughter from the corners of my eyes. Even Robert cracks up at his own practical joke.
"So what's he really have in there?" Runa asks after recovering her composure.
There's still a noticeable bulge, although it's nothing like before.
Robert obliges by pulling down his briefs and a nearly erect and uncircumcised penis of healthy, but hardly abnormal proportions bounces into view.
"Not bad," says Violet, still giggling under her breath. "Not bad at all."
"We have one more Scandinavian treat," Robert tells Violet as he wraps his fist around the shaft and gives it a couple quick strokes. "Violet, meet Raven."
Raven scampers up next to Robert, gives his balls a little squeeze with one hand and joins in tugging his shaft with the other.
"Hello, Violet," Raven says, squinting at the iPad screen. "I'm Raven."
"Oh, my, God!" Violet shouts. "Another Nordic princess."
Raven smiles bashfully, then puts a hand on Robert's naked shoulder to steady herself while she slips off her sandals. Like Runa, she's wearing a simple cotton print dress that she lifts along her legs and over her torso. Unlike Runa, she's completely commando underneath.
"Oh I love it. I love it!" Violet gushes.
Runa's vulva is smooth and shiny with no hint of public hair anywhere. Her tits and nips are almost a carbon copy of Raven's, milky white and pert with tiny hard pink nipples and puffy areola.
Even before Raven has pulled the dress over her head, Robert has lowered his head to Raven's chest and flutters his tongue across her nipples. A surprised "yelp" comes from somewhere under the dress.
"You guys are amazing," Violet says. "My, God! What an incredible surprise. So insanely sexy. I can't believe the view."
"Check this out," Robert says, picking up the iPad and inserting it in the rig he set up earlier in the day. The four of us scramble underneath with our heads almost touching directly below the iPad screen, and our bodies radiating outward like a four-pointed star.
The iPad shows a split screen. On one side is Violet. She's moved to her bed. The cam is placed so she's looking slightly up, lying on her back. Even in this position, her breasts maintain the conical shape ending in large dark areola that give way to rigid nipples. Beyond her tits, Violet's torso falls away from the cam, but her shaved public mound is visible, along with just a hint of a depression where her vulva begins.
On the other side of the screen, the cam looks down on four faces and naked bodies, cutting off about mid-thigh. We are all looking up, smiling with our hands falling naturally in our laps. Robert's cock points almost directly at the cam. For that matter, so does mine.
After taking it all in, there's another outburst of giggles followed by a moment of awkward silence.
"What now?" Raven asks.
"Let's go one at a time," Violet says, stepping in to take over. "That way we get to watch each other cum."
"All Right!" Runa responds enthusiastically. I can see everyone else nodding in agreement.
"Who goes first?" I ask, somewhat foolishly.
"How about you, Big Guy?" Violet suggests.
"Yeah," Runa agrees, patting me softly on the lower abs.
"So let's go in this order. Jason, Runa, Robert and Runa. Then I'll do myself while you all watch."
"Sounds good to me," I tell Violet and everyone arounds me seems to agree.
"We can touch ourselves, of course," Violet says, squeezing her tit with her right hand. "Just keep it low intensity until it's your turn."
"And if someone gets carried away?" Robert asks.
Before Violet can say anything, Raven slugs him playfully in the arm. "Just wait your turn, Frenchman!"
As the giggles die out, I take my forefinger and gently trace the tip along the underside of my cock, feeling it quiver and pulse under my touch. Unless I make a heroic effort to hold back, this isn't going to take long.
"God, I'm so wet," Runa whispers in my ear.
"No fair," I whisper back. Runa smirks and tweaks both of her nips provocatively.
I close my eyes, wrap my finger and thumb around the shaft and begin a sequence of languid, slow strokes.
"That's it, Dude," Robert says. "Looking hot!"
"So, hot!" Raven agrees, and my cock twitches in response.
I open my eyes just long enough to see four faces focused on my fingers and cock. It's enough to send a fresh shiver down my spine. I can feel my pulse pounding and my breath growing short and labored.
I keep my eyes squeezed shut and roll my hips slightly. My balls are tingling and there's a sensation in my cock head that cries out for my fingers. I lengthen the strokes so my finger and thumb ride over the little ridge around the base of my cock head, giving it an extra squeeze each time.
A feeling of pleasure radiates outward from my groin. The faster I pump, the more intense the pleasure. My eyes flutter open and I roll my head to toward Runa. She's looking at me with her sexiest smile and her eyes are a deep, fathomless green in the dim light. Her strawberry blond hair catches just enough backlight to become a celestial halo around her face.
"Are you close?" she whispers.
I nod. Runa's mouth fastens onto one of my nipples and begins sucking. Not hard. I've reached the point of no return. My fists flies up and down with unstoppable urgency. Runa's hot tongue glides down my torso. Swirling over my stomach and abs until I feel her warm cheek coming to rest on my abdomen.
Raising my head and opening my eyes for an instant, I see Runa watching my cock intently. Waiting. Waiting for me... to cum...
The first spurt catches me off guard. But not Runa. Her hand joins mine and she re-directs my ejaculation. Instead of shooting off straight up and splattering back over my hand, arm and stomach, Runa gently bends my cock until the tip is within inches of her lips.
Somewhere in the distance I hear a loud howl that I vaguely recognize as my own. The next spasm rises up from somewhere deep inside, and ejects in the general direction of Runa's angelic face. It's followed by a second, and a third.
Then I feel Runa's fingers replace mine and begin gently stroking my shaft, milking out another two or three weak eruptions that flow down the sides of my cock, lubricating her fingers. I'm spent, but Runa continues, squeezing out the lasts drops until my senses are overloaded and my head flails from side to side and I plead for her to stop.
When I finally open my eyes, Runa is looking down at me, her eyes wide and full of wonder. "Jason," she whispers, "Your cock. I could feel it. Every spasm. Amazing."
Raven and Robert both have their faces turned in our direction and both seem to be racing ahead toward orgasms of their own.
"Holy Mother," Robert cries. "That was hot." He is jerking his cock like a guy who's determined to cum soon. Raven moans in agreement and when I look down between her legs, it seems as if two, maybe three fingers are buried in her vagina.
Then I hear a little gasp from Runa.
She's lowered her head to the yoga mat and is lying on her back, arms stretched alongside her breasts, both hands cupping her vulva. Her face is radiant and blissful. An instant later, her eyebrows arch and her face distorts from an overload of sensations. Then she relaxes again as tiny smile plays across her lips.
A lot of guys say seeing a girl masturbate is the most amazing thing they've ever witnessed. Watching Runa, I understand why.
With her Nordic cheekbones and forehead, expressive eyes, sensual lips and natural blond hair, Runa's face is exquisite whatever she does. But sexual arousal adds a whole new dimension of intensity, and, above all, vulnerability. Runa's emotions are raw, real and uninhibited by fear or shame. It's impossible not to respond to her excitement, her joy, and the little moments of agony when her eyebrows pinch together and her body tremors for an overload of pure, sexual sensation.
Seen from above, Runa's body is a medley of overlapping triangles. Her torso flows from broad athletic shoulders, to a narrow waist. Within this triangle are Runa's pert and conically-shaped breasts. Her flat stomach and abs form a third triangle within a triangle, ending at the perfect apex of Runa's swollen lower lips. The elongated triangle of Runa's hips and long legs almost a perfect counterbalance balance to her torso.
I say "almost" perfect because there is one more triangle, the moveable three-sided figure created by Runa's shoulders and arms as they squeeze her breasts together and follow the V shaped-arc of her lower torso before reaching between her inner thighs where her fingers touch her pouting lips. This final, overlapping triangle harmonizes all the others, unifying Runa's symmetry in a vision of absolute perfection.
From deep inside her chest, comes a series a panting gasps that resolve into a visceral cry. I lower my head to Runa's heaving breast and suck one nipple deep into my mouth. As her hips rise of the mat, my tongue flutters against her swollen nip even as I continue sucking on her breast.
"Jason," she cries. "I'm cuming!" Her fingers freeze in place, her body goes stiff and unyielding, her toes curl, a series of muscular spasms rebound up and down her rigid frame, and Runa's features distort in agony. Her eyes clenched shut, her eyebrows knitted together and her mouth pursed in concentration.
"Ooooooooooooooooooo!" she howls. "Oh, my, God! Oh, my God."
As soon as her hips settle back to the mat and a shy smile spreads across her joyous face, I wrap Runa in my arms and smother her in kisses.
Runa's orgasm unleashes a chain reaction.
"Robert, Baby!" Raven cries. "I'm cuming too!" Raven lifts her hips as her fingering comes to an abrupt stop. Robert reaches with his left hand for one of Raven's nipples, Runa takes the other in her fingers, and together they squeeze and tease until Raven cries out for mercy, as her body trembles with a violent climax.
The little rooftop yoga studio is heavy with the scent of sex. As soon as Raven has returned to earth and smiles blissfully in her afterglow, Robert pounds his cock furiously.
"Cum for us, Baby," Raven mutters to him.
"Yes. Cum for us," Runa adds.
That's all it takes to push Robert over the edge. Raven quickly sits up and as the first wave of fluid erupts from the tip of Robert's cock, she aims it toward her breasts. Two or three powerful spurts splatter over her round, creamy tits and rigid pink nipples. Robert lets out a groan that rattles windows of the green-house-like structure.
"Oh, Fuck me!" he exclaims as the last emissions dribble down his cock and over his hand. Raven leans over, softly kisses Robert, and begins to carefully rub his cum onto her breasts as if it were some exotic moisturizing cream.
"Damn, that was amazing," Violet says from the iPad speakers. She's been all but forgotten during the sexual fireworks. She's look over her shoulder at us, lids heavy with arousal, her fingers buried deep between her thighs. "I'm so close," she moans.
"That's it, Sweetie," I urge. "Lets us see you cum!"
Which is exactly what Violet does, swinging herself around so the cam is looking directly between her thighs.
***
For the Twins' last night in Paris, Robert has wisely made sure that no one is booked into the fourth bunk in our room. On our way through the food court, he uses his pass key to liberate two bottles of wine and some glasses.
Runa's amazing blowjob has left me sated, at least for the moment. I'm a little surprised when Robert, who has also just cum with a volcanic physical and verbal eruption, suggests we all strip naked again. But no one complains.
We drink wine while the Twins are merciless in their demand that I visit Oslo before I leave Europe. I resist only because it's a logistical nightmare. Weeks of hard pedaling in the wrong direction. They each swear to make it worth my while. Then Raven comes up with the clincher.
"There's a vibrant art scene in Oslo. But it's not well known beyond Noway," she says. "I already know some of the artists. Most have never met a foreign collector."
With or without talent, Raven was clearly going places in the art world. "OK, I relented. I can probably come by plane or train. But where would I stay?"
"You really don't need to ask," says Runa, licking her lips.
"OK, then. Oslo in October. Maybe sooner."
The Twins leap up and embrace me. It's a moment I'll never forget. Two sets of virtually identical, and perfect, snowy white tits with tiny pink nipples invading my personal space from directions.
*
DISCLAIMER:
All characters except historical figures are purely fictional. All characters involved in sexual situations are at least 18 years of age. Copyright: jason_NYC