My wife a I have always liked checking out new fantasies and experiences. She is put together well, sandy brown hair, 4'9", 100 lbs. with 34DDs, 26" waist and 30" hips. It's a great body with soccer mom looks that just drive me crazy. She has always had issues thinking she wasn't that pretty or attractive, just an okay girl in her mind.
I have always told her how sexy and attractive she is and how guys are always watching her and wanting more. I can get her to dress sexy and revealing sometimes but she feels that people aren't thinking how hot she is, rather why is she dressed like that.
We had a weekend planned to go to the beach and a couple of our guy friends were joining us, sharing the cost of the trip. We drove down that Thursday and they followed the next day. As we drove, she teased me with boob flashes and short skirt and panty views. While she teased, I told her how the guys talked about going to a strip club.
She liked that idea since she had often been curious about what went on in strip clubs.
I brought up how I could prove she was that sexy desirable woman by stripping on amateur night. She didn't feel that brave yet so I suggested that she could strip at the condo and see what our friends thought.
She was excited about this idea and I was very excited thinking about showing off my sexy wife, letting someone else see her naked was over the top. We set our boundaries and planned to show her off on Friday when the guys arrived.
On Friday after they guys arrived, we all decided to get a good buzz on before going before going out to the club. I had brought it up that my wife would be joining us at the strip clubs and they both were saying fuck yeah and how it would be fun with my wife going with us.
She said, "I've never been to one and wanted to know what all went on."
Our buddies wasted no time in describing what the girls did with the dances and then how the private dances went.
I said, "She could enter the amateur dance and win big money."
She said, "I don't think I could do that; it would be embarrassing." She then asked, "What all do they do for a private dance and just what the cost was?"
They explained the $10 dollar dance was when the dancer stripped naked and just danced in front of them.
She said, "Hell for 10 bucks I can do that."
They said, "Bullshit, you'll have to prove it, plus it would help you to see how it felt to be naked in front of friends and complete strangers." They each had seen here boobs before but that was it.
I served up more shots to keep things going since I knew she wanted show herself but also needed the liquid courage.
She said, "I'll try and see how it goes but it wasn't a freebee either."
So, the first $10 hit the table.
We put on some dance music and let the show begin. She slowly removed her T-shirt and then her bra. It was so exciting seeing her bikini tanned boobs showing with her hard little nipples poking out. Then she began moving her hands down to her jeans and unzipped them and her white bikini panties began to show.
She smiled at me knowing how I have waited so long for this moment to show her off. Her jeans slipped down to the floor and the only thing covering her was a thin pair of panties.
I was rock hard waiting and I glanced at my buddies. Their eyes were glued to her body dancing as she touched her boobs and lightly pinched her nipples. Every few seconds using one hand to slide down between her legs to touch herself.
They both had their hands squeezing their dicks with not a care in the world if I was watching them.
She finally slid her fingers inside the waistband of her panties as she started sliding them down with her back to us so we would get the best view of her pussy and her ass. When the panties made it to the floor, I thought I would explode I was so hard. I could see she was wet and her lips barely showed through her mound, they were so small.
She stood as the song ended and turned around saying, "So what did you'll think?"
"Hell, fuck yeah." we all at said at the same time. We all told her she should enter the Amateur contest.
She said, "I am still not sure I am good enough."
Grinning from ear to ear we graciously offered for her to practice on us.
So, she danced for each one of us up close and giving better views. She wanted to know if the girls had other dances that cost more than $10.
We explained how the more money the more she did or let the men maybe touch.
She smiled and said, "Okay, I'll do a few dances to see if I am good enough."
Another song came on and she began dancing for one of our buddies. She moved to where she straddled his body as he sat on the couch, moving her pussy only inches from his face. She rubbed her boobs in his face then spread his legs open allowing herself to stand in between them as she bent over and slowly slid her finger over her pussy lips teasing him. Grinning from ear to ear at me knowing how she was pleasing me, watching her tease them.
She finished that song and moved to our other friend for his dance. She pretty much teased him the same way with rubbing her boobs all over him and grinding her naked pussy on his leg as she would squeeze her boobs for him.
I told her I wanted a $30 dollar dance so I could touch and feel her.
She said, "I am getting tired and really buzzed and only have one more dance in me for that night."
Our buddy who had the biggest crush on her said, "Then I'd love to have the $50 dollar dance if it is your last."
She said, "What does that consist of?"
We told her he got to touch her with her approval and she had to touch his dick. She didn't have to fuck or suck but had to touch it and maybe tug it a little.
She let him know what touching she would approve of and he agreed.
She looked at me and I also approved since it was within our agreed boundaries.
The music started, she moved towards him and bent over to remove his shorts and underwear saying, "Might as well get these out of the way so I can see what I'm dealing with."
As she pulled them down, his dick sprang out and bounced off his belly. She knew he wasn't as big as me but she played it off saying, "Hmmm, I like them big." She grabbed his dick and stroked it a few times. She leaned over and lightly licked the tip of his dick sending him sensations making him flex and moan.
We all knew he was close, so she moved to the teasing. She laid back on top of him and let him squeeze her boobs as she moved his hands down to her pussy so he could feel her swollen lips and her wetness. She even one or twice spread her legs wider and pushed his fingers into her pussy, arching her back and moaning, teasing him even more.
I knew she was getting to that point of needing to fuck.
She knew the song was almost over so she went for broke. She was still laying with her back on him as she reached between her legs and brought his dick up to where it was laying against her pussy. She began to slide up and down with his dick on the outside of her pussy for the ultimate tease slide. Up and down, she slid her pussy lips over his dick.
We could tell he wasn't going to make it long and she slowed down, concentrating on the head of his dick. Then he just began to thrust up and down using his hands to add pressure to his grinding against her.
She grabbed his dick to make sure there wouldn't be any penetration and finished him that way. She got up when he was finished and said, "I hope it was worth the $50."
He could only nod and give a thumbs up sign as she left to clean up.
I was right behind her so we could both finish what she started. She was soaking wet, more than ever before and I was probably harder than I had even been.