My name is Pete, I'm 18 and I live at home with my mom. Things are good at home, I get along well with my mom but today was a special day. My sister Kate was coming home to visit for a couple of weeks.
My sister is 22 years old and she moved out about a year ago. When she lived at home we were very close and I was looking forward to seeing her. I had just finished getting dressed in the morning when I heard the front door open. I ran downstairs and saw Kate talking with my mom, Kate saw me and ran over to me and gave me a big hug, I hugged her back.
"Hi little bro, I missed you." she said.
"I missed you too sis." I replied. After we had done all the welcoming home stuff and put my sisters things in her old room we sat in the lounge and started to catch up.
Mom had left for work by now and it was just me and my sister at home. We were chatting away just like we used to then my sister had an idea.
"Why are we sat indoors on such a nice day? We should take a walk through the woods like we used to." There's a wood near our home that my sister and I used to take walks through when we were younger and it was a very warm sunny day so I agreed to the walk and we both got changed into walking clothes. I put on a pair of shorts, a loose t-shirt and a pair of old trainers. When I went back downstairs and saw Kate and I was stunned. I had noticed how beautiful my sister was before but I had never looked at her in a sexual way, until now. Kate had long brown hair which was tied back in a pony tail, she had a white sleeveless blouse on which instead of being buttoned up she had tied around the front showing off her large breasts, It looked like she wasn't wearing a bra either. Her stomach was bear and was firm, flat and smooth. She had on a very short pair of khaki shorts, her long smooth legs were amazing and her thighs looked firm and tight. Her feet look sexy in a pair of sandals and her delicate toes had pink nail polish on. Kate had a lot of her soft tanned skin on show and her slim body looked amazing. I had to quickly remind myself that she was my sister and then we headed out.
We walked for awhile chatting like before, we didn't talk about anything important just the usual gossip we always talked about. Whenever I could I would drop behind Kate slightly so I could watch her ass move around in her tight shorts. I started wondering if she was wearing panties or not. I knew I shouldn't be thinking about my sister like that but I couldn't help myself. After we had walked for about an hour we found a spot to rest in. We sat on some rocks and my sister took some water from her bag and took a drink and passed me the bottle.
"It's such a nice day I wish I was naked" I nearly choked on my water as she said it. Kate saw the look of shock on my face so she continued.
"I've been going to nude beaches lately and the feeling of being naked outside is amazing. It's quiet and secluded around here and we're not likely to see anyone else." I couldn't believe what my sister was suggesting.
"W-what?" I stammered "but we're brother and sister we can't be naked together."
"It's ok if were related, it's not a sexual thing it's just about the feeling of being out in nature and as nature intended." I had to admit I was getting very excited by the idea and I wanted so much to see Kate naked but could I really use this opportunity just to perv on my sister.
"Ok" I finally answered " lets do it."
"Great" Kate replied excitedly "you go first." I was very nervous but I started to undress. First I pulled off my t-shirt then I took my shorts off and stood there in just my underwear. I was very aware of the way Kate was staring at me as I undressed. I took a deep breath and pulled my underwear down and kicked it off. I Couldn't believe I was standing naked in front of my sister, she started giggling when she saw my penis. I didn't have a very big penis, actually it was quite small.
"Nice dick little bro, where's the rest of it?" Kate said mockingly, obviously she thought it was small as well. I was feeling surprisingly relaxed despite the situation I was in and it felt great being naked outside.
"It's your turn now sis, lose the clothes." I said. Kate smiled at me and stood up, she seemed a lot more confident than I was while undressing. First she unbuttoned her shorts and pulled them down to her feet. She had on a pair of very small white cotton panties which she then pulled down exposing her pussy to me. Kate's pussy was beautiful, she had a thick dark triangle of neatly trimmed pubic hair between her thighs. Kate stepped out of her shorts and panties which were around her feet. As she stepped she opened her legs slightly and I saw a glimpse of her pussy lips which were puffy and pink. Kate then untied the front of her blouse and pulled it off. Her Large breasts sat high on her chest, her pink nipples were erect and were poking out from her areolas.
"Well you seem to be enjoying yourself" Kate said whilst giggling even more than before. I had been so distracted by the sight of my beautiful naked sister that I hadn't noticed that my penis had become fully erect.
"I'm sorry I didn't mean that to happen" I said while trying to hide my erection.
"It's ok I don't mind. It's perfectly natural for that to happen" Kate said comfortingly "and it's sweet that you get turned on by me."
"Maybe this wasn't a good idea"
"Don't be silly" Kate said still trying to reassure me "lets just start walking again and I'm sure it'll go away soon." So we put our clothes in Kate's bag and carried on walking.
As we walked we talked about being naked, Kate told me how her friend got her into going to nude beaches and I told her how sometimes when mom was at work I would walk around the house and garden naked. We soon realised how we both enjoyed the feeling of being naked outdoors. We started talking about other things and soon I started to forget I was naked but I couldn't stop noticing my sisters naked body and my erection just wouldn't go away. We stopped for another break because Kate said she needed to pee. I sat down on a rock and expected Kate to go behind a tree or something to pee. Instead Kate just squatted down right in front of me, opened her legs wide and started peeing. My cock was already fully erect but the sight of the golden stream flowing from between her pussy lips made my cock twitch. I had never been into peeing porn but seeing my sister like that drove me wild. When my sister had finished peeing she sat on a rock and struck me with another question which made me feel uncomfortable.
"Are you still a virgin?" she asked
"W-what?"
"Well your erection still hasn't gone away and I thought that might have something to do with it" Kate explained "So, are you?"
"Yes I am" I replied quite embarrassed and now very aware that my throbbing cock was on display to my sister.
"Don't be embarrassed there's nothing wrong with being a virgin." Kate made me feel a little better but then shocked me yet again. "Is it being naked outside that's turning you on or is it seeing me naked?" I didn't want to tell Kate the truth but I knew I couldn't lie to my sister.
"It's both actually, but mostly it's you." I answered.
"Ah that's sweet" Kate said with a smile before giving me my next shock. "You can masturbate if you want. If it would help."
"What! I can't masturbate in front of you, you're my sister!"
"Don't be embarrassed, it's not like we're having sex or anything. You need to release some tension and I really don't mind if you do it in front of me."
"Even if I wanted to I don't think I could do it in front of you."
"Well you don't have a problem getting hard in front of me, the rest shouldn't be to difficult." Then Kate threw me the biggest shocker yet.
"What about if I done it for you." I didn't say anything I was stunned silent. Kate walked over and sat down next to me.
"I could give you a hand job if you wanted." Kate offered.
"B-but you're my sister it wouldn't be right." I managed to stammer out.
"It's ok just think of it like me giving you a massage, we just have to have some rules. First you can't touch me, I'll have my hand on you but you've got to keep your hands to yourself. Second this is one time only, I don't want you asking me to do it every time you're a bit horny. Third you can't tell anyone about it, there's nothing wrong with it but people won't understand. So do want me to do it?"
"Yes, yes please do it" There was no point hiding it, I wanted my sister to give me a hand job and I wanted it bad.
Kate smiled at me then kissed me on the cheek. Kate then reached down, took my cock in her hand and wrapped her fingers around my shaft. It was the first time any woman had ever touched my cock and it felt amazing. Kate's hands were soft and gentle as she started stroking my cock. Kate kept focused on my cock as her hand moved up and down my shaft., she occasionally looked up at my face. I couldn't take my eyes off my sisters body. I kept staring down at Kate's pubes, I could see the top of her bush between her thighs. Kate must have noticed where I was looking because she opened her legs wide giving me a perfect view of her pussy and her dark bush. I wanted so badly to reach out and touch her beautiful pink pussy lips but I didn't want her to stop so I kept my hands to myself. Kate's hand moved faster and faster on my cock and I could feel myself about to cum. My whole body tensed and my balls tightened as my spunk shot out of my cock. A mind blowing orgasm ran through my body and Kate kept stroking my cock as I pumped out my cum. As I relaxed Kate kissed me on the cheek again and let go of my cock as it finally started to soften. I saw that some off my cum had dripped on to Kate's hand, she reached in to her bag and pulled out her panties. Kate wiped the cum off her hand with her panties then put them back into her bag.
"Wow, that was amazing sis, thanks." I gasped as I was still coming down from my orgasm.
"That's ok I enjoyed it as well" she replied with a giggle "you have a cute cum face."
I hadn't thought about that, the only person in the world that had seen my cum face was my sister.
"You'll have to show me yours sometime time." I replied cheekily. Kate smiled at me and then we continued our walk, when we got near the end we got dressed and went home. I knew Kate had said she wouldn't do anything like that again but she was going to be home for two more weeks yet, anything could happen.