Everyone mentioned this story is aged 21 or over.
This is a complete work of fiction. More chapters will follow if there is interest.
The dialogue is written in British English so might not appeal to everyone. This is more of a slow burner so it won't be for everybody's taste.
Man comes back to his family home after his third year of university and introduces his family to nudism.
-----
Tim was on the train back from his third and penultimate year of university. He was glad to be able to have some time off, with all the coursework and late sessions in the library he was pretty worn out. He would fill his time back with seeing old friends, cycling and relaxing. He would be staying in the spare room as his room had become a temporary office since the whole working from home malarkey. He was looking forward to seeing and spending time with his mother and sister again. He hadn't been able to get back since christmas and he felt like a lot had changed in his life. He was somewhat nervous about discussing his changes with his family as they may not be open to his new way of viewing life.
After his Dad had died, just over a year and a half ago, his Mum had decided to use some of the life insurance payout to buy a small flat in Bristol. The plan was to let Tim use it for the years he was at uni and then rent it out to students after that. It would be regular extra income for her now that she wasn't working. Ever since her husband had died she felt like the clock really was ticking. His death had been so unexpected. He was there one day, happy as Larry and gone the next. The money left over from the insurance would only sustain her for a couple of years at best, but the mortgage was now all paid up which was quite the weight off her shoulders.
Tim was thinking about the best way to broach the subject with them both. Should he just come out and say it? Should he jump in the deep end and just give them a crash course? His main concern was that he really didn't want them to feel uncomfortable. If either of them weren't happy with his new life choice he would not force it upon them. Tim had discovered nudism. Or naturism, if you are so inclined. He felt constricted on this train even more so now than he did when he would have to work in the library at uni. Putting clothes on now felt so wrong. So pointless. Such a waste of time and an inconvenience. He had packed quite lightly, thinking he would only need clothes to travel in and a few extra bits for going out. His small bag sat at his feet. He gently nudged it every now and again to make sure it was still there, he had always been paranoid about someone nicking it.
The train pulled into Chester station and he disembarked. He hadn't told his Mum and sister when he was coming back, he had only said it would be some time in June. He had wanted to surprise them. Walk into the house and see their faces light up when they see him. He looked left and right and spied the exit sign. He made his way towards it, bustled along by the other passengers. He decided to walk home as it would only take him 15 or 20 minutes and it was such a nice day anyway, he wouldn't want to be in some stuffy manky old bus.
The weather was bliss, he stopped in the park for a few minutes and basked in the sun on a bench. He thought about how to break his nudism to them again. He wondered how they would react if he just came out of his room naked. Scream was his best guess. If he was just in the kitchen making a coffee and his Mum walked in to see him starkers. He laughed as he imagined the expression on her face. He was still nervous about what they would think. He stood up and continued walking, he was only a few minutes away now.
As he rounded the corner to their road he saw his Mum's car on the drive, 'at least she is home' he thought. It was his Mum he was looking forward to surprising the most. He walked up the path and took a good look at the old house. 'It's a nice looking house' he thought. He chose to walk around the back and come through the patio. He made his way to the side gate and could hear music coming out of the utility window, he crouched down and shuffled past it. He opened the gate, they never locked it, always just slid a bolt across at the top so it could be opened from either side, if you were tall enough of course. He slid the bolt and pushed the door. There was a very slight creak which made him freeze briefly.
He made his way to the French doors and checked the room beyond. Empty. He pulled the door open slowly and quietly stepped inside. He could hear the music and could now hear some humming along with it. He made his way towards the sound and stood in the doorway of the utility. His mum was kneeling down in front of the dryer, folding clothes from it and placing them in the basket. He stood there and decided to wait until she noticed him herself.
Sally jumped when she saw a dark figure looming in the doorway and pulled her arms up in some sort of defensive stance. "Ahhh! Jesus fucking christ Tim! You scared The bloody life out of me!" She looked mad for only a few seconds then her face was split by the biggest smile Tim had ever seen her wear. She stood up and quickstepped to him, throwing her arms around his neck and pulling him in close. He brought his arms around her and lifted her up off her feet and pulled her body closer still. Sally was almost a foot shorter than her son, his action caught her by surprise and she burrowed her head into the crook of his neck. He spun her round on the spot and she squealed slightly.
"Hi Mum." Tim whispered into her ear, "I've missed you."
"My Timmy. Aww, such a nice surprise. Why didn't you say you were coming home today? I would have come and got you from the station."
"Well I just wanted to surprise you." Tim placed his mother back on her feet and loosened his arms on her. She did the same, looked into his eyes and brought her hands up to his face.
"My Timmy." She went to give him a peck on the cheek but fell short, he moved his head lower for her. She kissed his cheek and then blew a raspberry on it. They both giggled, this was a silly thing they had always done, ever since the kids were little. She released his face and took a step back to admire him. "My baby boy, all grown up. Doesn't even need his Mum to pick him up from the station." She was feeling overwhelmed, and her eyes were beginning to well. Tim took her back in his arms and comforted her.
"I'm still your baby Mum. Always will be." She sniffed and felt a bit better. He let her go and took a step backwards and smiled at her again.
"Belle home?" Tim asked in a whisper. He thought she would have heard her Mum scream at Tim when he had made her jump but there was a chance she didn't know he was here yet.
"Yeah up in the office, she is on call til three thirty so don't you be scaring her" she wagged a finger at him, "she might be on with a caller."
Tim nodded but gave her a wicked grin "I reckon we get some pizzas tonight, got any beers in?"
"That will be nice love, yeah there is always a case in the garage, I will pop them in the fridge for us"
"Cheers Mum, I'll go and see Belle then." Tim went to the stairs and ascended them as quietly as he could, remembering the creaky third step he stepped to the next and hauled himself up. He walked to his old bedroom door and put his ear to it. He could hear the tip tapping of typing, with a very subtle hint of music. Tim carefully turned the handle and peeked into the room. Isabelle was sitting facing the desk. Three large monitors stared back. She was a computer technician for a large UK bank. Since she could work from home she had done so, it had been over a year now since the pandemic and it had become quite the norm that those who could work from home now did.
Her being on call meant that at any point someone could send an issue through, that would flash on one of the screens, and she would have to sort it there and then. She would sometimes work late into the night, way past the legal limit but she loved the challenge and the company paid a triple hourly rate for anything past an hour, so it was always worth staying for it.
Tim crept into the room and noted the large headphones she was wearing and was nodding gently along to her music. He crouched low behind her chair. He thought she could have seen him in the reflection of any one of the screens but she hadn't reacted. He placed both hands on the back of the chair and positioned himself ready to spin it. He wound up and pressed hard, too hard. Belle screamed and tried to grip onto the armrests, too late. Her body was flung forward as the chair continued to turn and she landed on top of Tim. Tim saw her headphones bounce across the floor. He was now curled up on the floor with his sister crushed into this back. It was a painful position. "Dick. Could have just said hi..." She didn't really sound angry, but Tim couldn't be sure.
"Sorry Belle, I just wanted to surprise you."
"Well you did. My turn now."
"Huh...?" As he said this she had planted her lips against his exposed lower back and gave him a big wet raspberry. They both giggled and Tim squirmed trying to shuffle her off. She took the hint and slipped off his back and onto her knees. He sat up onto his heels and looked at her. She shuffled over to him on her knees, arms open and hugged him tight. He hugged her and pulled her in. Isabelle wasn't as short as her mum but was still a few inches shorter than Tim. She tucked her chin over his shoulder and he Blew a raspberry back on her neck. They broke from their hug and Tim stood up and moved the chair back to the desk and walked over the headphones and handed them back to her.
"Cheers. Didn't know you would be back today. Would have sorted out the spare room for you, bit of a mess at the minute, still got some of Dad's stuff in it. We are getting through it though. Mostly Ebay, some of it has been selling for way more than we thought it would too. On call at the minute though so will go through it with you later."
"Yeah no worries. I'll sort the room myself. Don't need much space. Pizza for tea, Mums sticking some beers in the fridge now."
"Decent, I'll be done in two hours. Well should be, might be longer. I'll shout down if I need to work over okay?"
"Yeah sounds good. Nice to see you, you're looking good, been gyming it?" As Tim said this a red flashing box appeared on the screen and his eyes were instantly drawn to it. She followed his gaze and pulled the chair to her.
"Duty calls."
"Right, see you in a bit." Tim made his way to the spare bedroom. She hadn't lied but she could have been more specific. The room was jammed full. He couldn't even see the bed, boxes and boxes of his dad's old tools, records, collectables and paintings littered the room. He didn't need much room but this was taking the piss. He started to move boxes, he saw the corner of the bed and began piling the boxes on top of other boxes on the opposite side of the room. This was the only spare bed in the house as all of the furniture from his old room had become the basics of the furniture at the flat. He needed this bed cleared for tonight.
He dug in and got the bed cleared. There were some pretty wobbly looking towers of boxes now looming over the bed. He could only just shimmy up between the boxes and the bed. This wouldn't be ideal, he thought. He would see if he could move the boxes somewhere else later but this would do for tonight. He Left the room and went to the cupboard on the landing to find a duvet and some fresh bedding. He began to stuff the duvet into the cover in the pokey room but realised it was a bit awkward so moved onto the landing for it. He had to be on the bed as he was stretching the sheet over the mattress. It was a tricky task trying to stretch out something that you have no choice but to kneel on.
After the struggle to make the bed he headed downstairs to collect his bag from near the utility room. He saw his Mum relaxing in one of the springy chairs in front of the patio doors. She had opened the doors and was basking in the sun. Tim smiled. It was good to be back. He opened the fridge as he passed and saw his mum had put what looked like a whole case of beer in there. There wasn't much room left. He shut the fridge and went back upstairs to unpack his bag. There wasn't much room to put it but he used some of the lower boxes as shelves and emptied the bag. One t-shirt, one pair of shorts, two pairs of boxers, two pairs of socks, his toothbrush, his phone charger and his tablet. Pretty light, but he hadn't needed much more than this back in Bath. He had decided that this time back home would be a true test of how little he could live with. He had come across the minimalist way of life via various articles he had found online. "living with only 25 items'' and other similarly titled things. After trying to live with only 25 items for about a week he realised how easy it became to live with.
He had then come across a documentary via a related article, the doc featured a man who lived in the woods with only 10 possessions. Tim thought it was a pisstake at first but then the man was revealed, he was laying in a field completely naked. It then dawned on Tim that if you didn't wear clothes, the amount of possessions you needed vastly dropped. He was so inspired by the idea, he had tried it that weekend. It was incredibly freeing, he was slightly nervous at first, especially when there had been a knock on the flat door and he had panicked, thrown on a bathrobe and accepted the parcel from the delivery man. It had been a scary but thrilling experience and from then on he had been naked almost all of the time he was at the flat. He Had been doing the whole naked thing for over three months now and wanted to keep it up during this time off if his Mum and Sister weren't opposed to the idea. He decided he would talk to them about it later, maybe after they had had a few beers.
He went back downstairs and sat in the chair next to his mother and she opened her eyes, looked at him and smiled. "You scared her didn't you?"
"Yeah. A bit more than I intended to too. Fell off of her chair and landed on my back." Sally burst out laughing.
"Serves you bloody right then! Little git." She was only teasing and he knew that. "Glad to be done with uni for a couple of months then?"
"Yeah, course. Been pretty tough, the last 5 or 6 weeks."
"Leaving everything to the last minute you mean?"
"Hey it's not intentional it just all builds up and you forget to do some bits, misplace notes and all that. Still got a first though this year."
"You're just like me, so I can't really say anything. Left everything till last minute at uni and still left with a first. I'm so proud of you, you know that don't you?"
"I know Mum. How...? How have you been? I mean you know, about... about Dad."
"Much better, easier now to say goodbye to the things he liked. Keeps me and Izzy busy too. Selling all that old stuff, get a good few quid for some of that stuff too you know. Proper collectors stuff in there."
"Yeah she mentioned. The room is pretty full ey? Had to shuffle it all to the other side of the room."
"Oh love you should have said I would have helped you, I didn't even think. You got enough space?"
"Not really, it's fine for tonight but might move some stuff out tomorrow."
"Why don't we just move the bed?"
"Yeah good idea, I could put it in the living room."
"No silly, move it into your old room."
"My old room, but it's Belle's office."
"She won't mind. Doubt she could fit those bloody big monitors of hers in that spare room though love so you will have to share."
"Err... Yeah we will make it work." Tim had begun to think about having to share the room with Belle. If she was working late she would be tapping away on her keyboard til silly o'clock. Might not be so bad. He then thought about his intended nakedness. If she was in there all the time, at night would be his only window to live his nudist way of life. He was getting a bit nervous again about bringing it up.
They chatted for well over an hour about his studies, her hobbies, and the flat. She then dropped the bomb and asked him if he was seeing anyone, he blushed. They had certainly become more interested in his lovelife ever since he had come back from his first term of uni, but he had only had two one night stands in his first year and had had nothing in the next two. "No. Haven't really been looking for one. Just been focusing on my course. I really do want to smash it."
"I wasn't judging love, I was just curious. You know I met your Dad when we were at uni together, so it has always made the idea of you finding your soulmate at uni too a possibility."
"I see, yeah not been looking for anyone. Not in a rush to find my soulmate but if it happens it happens. Not going to try and force it."
"Good for you love. Don't know how you manage it though love your Dad was an incredibly physical being. Always up for it..."
"Mum, I don't need to know that."
"Sorry love didn't mean to make you feel awkward. I know how err... much your Dad needed...Er... needed... well me so just thought you would be, you know, trying to find someone to quench your er... thirst. You know whatI mean."
"Yeah I get it, guess I am not as needy as Dad was then. Been a while since I needed... well needed, you know someone else."
"Good for you love. You do you." Tim laughed at the unintended pun and when she realised what she had said, burst into laughter too.
At around 3:50 Belle shouted down to them, "gonna be a bit late sorry, just order the pizzas, get me a pepperoni. I will pay for them, keep the receipt handy, I will get work to pay for it, for making me work late. Should only be another hour or so."
"Okay love, do you need anything?"
"Love a cuppa if you're offering. Thanks. Won't be long." Sally went to get up, "stay there Mum I'll do it."
"You're a good lad. What pizza do you want? I'll order that while you sort her tea."
"I'll have a stuffed crust, veggie supreme or whatever they call it." Tim made his way over to the kettle and flipped it on.
"Ooo, that sounds nice. I might have some of that myself."
"Yeah go for it. Just get a bigger one so we can share. I'm starving. Forgot to have breakfast."
"Oh you plonker, you should have said, I could have done you some proper lunch."
"It's fine, just glad we are ordering the pizzas now." Tim made the cup of tea, and put a sugar in it. He remembered when she used to have four sugars in it. But she had reduced them over time and she looked better for it. She had become a very slim, buxom young woman. Tim climbed the stairs, he had filled the mug a bit too much and had dripped a bit of it on the stairs so grabbed it with two hands and made the rest of the way at a slow and cautious pace. He put his ear to the door and could hear Belle talking. He gently knocked on the door and opened it. She didn't react, she was staring at the screens intently, furiously tapping away. She still had her headphones on and must have been on a call to work as she kept saying "Network" and "issues". Tim approached her on the right side and slid the mug down on the desk. She gave a loud yelp. "Oh sorry Jed, it was just my brother, I didn't see him come into the room. No, it's my brother. I don't have a boyfriend, I have told you this before. Tim, Jed wants to talk to you."
"What? Why? Who is Jed?"
"He is my coworker and all around pain in the arse."
As she took the headphones off Tim heard Jed yell his disagreement to this statement. Tim put the headphones on. "Hi, this is Tim."
"Tim is it? How long have you been seeing Belle?"
"Me? Ooo... Must be... Well, must be 22 years I think."
"What do you mean? Are you taking the piss mate?"
"I'm her brother Jed. She is a year older than me. I am 22 years old so I have "been seeing her" for that long. She did say I was her brother."
"Right, well yeah anyway, just trying to look out for my colleague."
"I don't think you know Belle very well do you? She really doesn't need anyone to look out for her. She is the most independent woman I know. And if she needs anything she would come to family before anyone else. Not trying to be a dick or anything mate, just stating facts."
"Right, well can you stick her back on please. Cheers." Tim took the headphones off without saying goodbye and handed them to Belle. Tim whispered, "He's not happy. Hahaa."
Belle rolled her eyes and slid the headphone back into place. "Believe me now Jedders?" Tim heard the grumble of Jed's response but couldn't decipher it. "He is my brother, you melon. Look I actually have work to do unlike some of us. If you need my incredible expertise, call me." She tapped the side of the headphones which must have ended the call because she took them off and turned to Tim. "Pathetic isn't he? Only met him once and he has been protective of me ever since, thinks I am his to protect or something."
"Bit odd, isn't it. Bit creepy. Wonder if he is like that with your other coworkers."
"Oh he is. We all joke about it. He hasn't had any harassment claims against him yet, but it's only a matter of time I reckon. Did you...? Did you mean that? About the independant thing?"
"You know I did. You got your uni place on skill and knowledge done off your own back, got this high paid job through your expertise alone. Yeah you may still be living at home but who isn't these days. You'll save up all that money and get yourself a nice place in a decent area. You are a hard worker."
She beamed at Tim. "Wow, thanks Tim, that's such a nice thing to say. Thanks. Thanks for this too." She held up the mug, blew across the top of the tea and took a swig. "Actually I take that back, christ."
"Is it bad, sorry Belle."
"No it's fine, Just haven't had sugar in my tea for like months now."
"Oh sorry Belle I just assumed you were still on the one. I will go make you a fresh one."
"No it's fine, don't be silly, this will be a little treat for me. Been a good girl and all that."
"If you're sure. Mum is ordering the pizzas, me and mum are sharing."
"Nice, I should get back to work. Might be a few minutes longer now, but the pizza will still be warm. Tell You what I will text you to let me know when I am almost done and you can get a beer ready for me, okay?" Tim nodded and made his way to the door. Belle turned back to the screens, scanned them briefly and started tapping away.
In the kitchen his Sally had set some placemats and glasses on the table. The oven was on and she was loading plates in to warm. She looked at Tim smiling a wicked grin, "You scared her again didn't you?"
"This time it was accidental, I only slid the mug onto the desk and she jumped out of her skin. She had her headphones on."
"I usually flash the light on and off a couple of times to let her know I am there. Usually works well."
"That's good, I will do that next time. Didn't know she had stopped having sugar in her tea. She wasn't too pleased but said she didn't want me to make another one."
"Cards while we wait then?" Tim nodded eagerly.
.....
About 20 minutes later the doorbell rang and Sally dropped her cards onto the table, snapped up her purse and went to the door.
Tim got two plates out of the oven and set them on the placemats. Sally returned, with two big boxes just as Tim was pulling three cold beers from the fridge. He set them on the table and went to take the boxes from his mum. She sat at the table. "Get a bottle opener will you love? There are some sliced lemons in the fridge too if you want them." Tim fished a bottle opener from the cutlery drawer and slid it onto the table. 'The lemon will go well with a sun beer like this' he thought and grabbed the little tub of lemon wedges. He opened a beer and picked the glass in front of Sally and poured it in. She shook her head when he went to drop a lemon in and placed the glass back down in front of her. He remembered that Belle might not be joining them just yet so returned the third bottle to the fridge. He sat down and poured his own beer and dropped a slice in and squeezed the juice of another in. He dished two slices of the stupidly large veggie pizza onto both of their plates and they tucked in, stopping only to swig the beer and comment on the wonderful taste of the pizza.
Tim's phone pinged and he pulled it from his pocket, 'nearly done, get a beer out for me please' the text read.
"She done?"
Tim walked to the fridge. "She'll be down shortly." He poured the beer, stuck a lemon in and set it down in front of the empty placemat. They were on their fourth slice each when Belle finally came down the stairs. The condensation on her beer was now pooling at the base of the glass. She strode over to the table and picked up the glass and sunk half of it in three big gulps.
"Ahhhh... That's nice." She sat down and tugged out a slice of her pizza from the box and started eating straight away.
"Not want a plate, you animal?" Tim stood as he said this and took the hot plate out the oven and turned the oven off. He set the plate down in front of Belle and sat back down.
"Goodness the service it a bit slow here, is it not Sally darling?" She guffawed in a mock posh laugh and Sally giggled in her childlike way. They ate their pizzas and drank another glass of beer each and they were starting to feel full. Sally stopped eating first, then Tim. Belle finished her whole pizza to herself. Where she put it all, Tim had no clue. Finishing her late bite Belle slumped into the chair. "Lovely that. Did you keep the receipt?" Sally passed her the receipt and she tucked it into her hoodie pocket.
"Now that we have finished our food, I have something I would like to tell you both."
"Aww bloody hell Beth was right, man I always said there was no chance. She has been saying you were gay for years..." Belle blurted out.
"Hang on, hang on, hang on. I'm not gay."
"You sure? Beth is dead set on you being gay."
"Tell Beth to mind her own bloody business."
"We would not love you any differently if you are my love." Sally added.
"I'm not gay. Just listen will you."
"Sorry love, go on."
"Right well, a few months ago I started trying to live with minimal possessions..."
"I've heard about that, Living with like 100 things and stuff." Belle interrupted.
"Blimey I couldn't do that, that would be too difficult."
"Listen will you."
"Sorry." Said Belle and Sally in unison.
"Right so I saw this thing where you could live with 25 items or less."
"25! Fuck off!"
"Belle, shush." Sally scolded her daughter.
"25 items. So I tried it. I liked it. So I did that for a while then I came across a documentary about a fella who has only 10 possessions."
"Nahh you're taking the piss now."
"Isabelle! Quiet!" Sally didn't yell but it was the loudest their mum ever really got.
"So 10 items. He did this by being a nudist. No clothes, so far fewer items. This interested me, I wanted to try it. So I did."
"Definitely gay then."
"Belle, pack it in!"
"I tried it for a weekend, then a month and for the last few months I have only been wearing clothes to go to the library and the shops. When I am at the flat, I am naked. Right, so this is something that I have really enjoyed doing. I feel like it has become a big part of me and well, while I know you might not like it, I would like to continue doing it while I am here. But only if you both are okay with it. If either of you are against it then I won't. Or I will just do it in my room. If that is what I have to do we will need to set some ground rules so you don't feel any awkwardness about it."
They both remained silent.
"So, I guess it's a lot to think about then?"
"Well, it's certainly something I didn't think you would come out with to be honest love." Sally sounded half amused.
"It's weird" was Belle's response.
"If you think it's weird then we can talk about it. What is it that you find weird? That I would be naked? In my natural form, the way I came into this world. The thing I find weird is that there is such a stigma that we have ingrained in our being that we need to hide our bodies. It's silly."
"I see your point love but it would be a bit uncomfortable for us girls having a young man stomping around showing off his goods."
"You are misunderstanding what it is. It is not a sexual thing. It is a natural thing. I am not a voyeur, I do not get off from it. It is just an incredible feeling of freedom. It is a big part of me. So I ask your permission to continue it at home."
"Well why don't we let you ease into it or something. Do you have any shorts with you?"
"I do, I brought them with me for this reason exactly. If you are okay with an easing. Tomorrow I will wear only shorts. I am willing to do anything to make this work for us all. Who knows you two might catch the bug too. It is such an incredible way of living. I would recommend it to anyone."
"Right yeah okay, if mum is okay with you easing us into it I am fine with that."
"I am so glad that you would even be this open to it. Thank you both so much."
"Of course love if this is how you are we are not going to dismiss you like that, we love you however you are."
"Thanks Mum." Tim took hold of his Mum's hand and stroked his thumb over the back of her hand. She smiled at him.
"How many possessions are you living by now then?"
"It's hard to define, really, with pens and stuff. What do you count? Most people just count the things they use everyday. So if I do that it is about...20 maybe 25 at a push but that is counting all the clothes that I brought with me if you don't count them, as I wouldn't, if I were living as a nudist. It's got to be between 5 and 10 items."
"Wow. That would be impossible for me."
"Yeah the amount of bloody clothes you have Izzy. All those nail varnishes too." Sally nudged Belle.
"Hahaha you can see how difficult it would be to do this then can't you?" Tim said.
"Yeah it's bonkers"
"I think it's fascinating love. If it makes you happy, I'm happy."
"Thanks Mum, It does, I am. On to the second matter..."
"Oh here is the coming out of the closet."
"My sleeping arrangement. The spare room is a bit dodgy to sleep in, those boxes will end up falling on me. Mum suggested that we move the bed into my old room. You okay with that Belle?"
"But my desk won't fit in the spare room."
"Well mum thought we could share it. Your office and my bedroom. It will only be for 5 or 6 weeks while I am home."
"Well If you are okay with me possibly working late in the night in your room it's fine by me."
"Yeah I don't want to get in your way."
"That's settled then, shall we go and move it..."
"No, we'll do it tomorrow, it's fine for tonight."
They drank several more beers. Sally took the fifth one that Belle cracked open. "You're working tomorrow. No more for you."
"But Timmy's home Mum!"
"No buts. He is here for weeks to come. You can have more at the weekend."
She exhaled deeply "Fine!"
They watched some Shite TV and at 10:30 Tim said he had had a long day and needed to go to bed. They all said goodnight and Tim slipped upstairs to his temporary bedroom. He was so made up that they had agreed to test the waters with his nudism. He stripped completely and slid under the covers, loving the feel of the fresh fabric touching all of him. He quickly slipped into a deep peaceful sleep.
--------------------
The next morning Tim was awakened by a knock at the door. Belle opened it and slipped into the room and opened her eyes wide at the precarious boxes stacked high. "Yeah definitely can't sleep in here Tim. Brought you a coffee." She shimmied down the side of the bed and placed it in one of the lower boxes next to his phone. I'll be working for the next four hours, then I have a two hour break then back at it for four hours so we can move the bed at about 12ish okay?"
"Sounds like a plan. Enjoy your slaving away."
"Thanks, see you later."
"Cheers for the coffee." Tim reached over for it and blew on it, "You didn't put sugar in it to get some payback did you?" As Tim sat up the quilt flopped down revealing his bare chest.
"No, I am not that cruel." Upon seeing his chest, Belle looked at the floor and saw the small pile of clothes, with the pair of boxers on top. "You naked now?"
"Err... Yeah."
"Mum! little Timmy has his winky out!" She shouted with a giggle. Sally appeared at the door a moment later.
"I thought he was going to ease us in." Upon seeing her son in bed with the covers still covering his lower half she smiled.
"She was only teasing Mum."
"Got to go." Belle slipped from the room.
"You need anything love? I'll wait and have my breakfast with you. Eggs and breakfast muffins I thought."
Tim nodded "Sounds good." Sally left, leaving the door slightly open. Tim sipped the coffee. It was perfect. He rested his head on the wall and enjoyed the last feeling of being naked today while it lasted. He glanced at the door and decided to throw the cover off him and sit there exposed for a bit. It was incredibly exhilarating and he felt even more free than when he had been cooped up in the flat. Tim finished his coffee, savouring its taste and the last moment of being free from the confines of clothes. He stood up and grabbed a pair of boxers and his jogger shorts and pulled them on. He opted to not wear socks so that it was just a small step away from them seeing all of him. He went down the hall to the cupboard and got a towel out. He showered, dried and brushed his teeth. He slipped the two articles of clothing back on and hung up the towel he had used to dry.
Downstairs his Mum was sitting at the kitchen table with both her hands around a mug. "Morning love. Breakfast?"
"Er...Yes please." He had expected more of a reaction to his mostly exposed body. But maybe it was a good sign that there wasn't any. "Need a hand?"
"No you sit down, I will sort it." Tim sat in one of the springy chairs by the patio doors and his feet were tickled by the bright sun beating down. He closed his eyes and listened to the sounds of his mum working her magic in the kitchen. "Timmy, food." Tim moved to the table and Sally set the plate in front of him, it looked lovely, she had added sauces and herbs to the feast which added a great flavour to the meal. He polished his off in short order and thanked her.
"So everything okay with this?" Tim gestured towards his body.
"Yes love It's fine. You do you." She giggled. "You are a handsome man, you been doing your cycling I take it?"
"Yeah, do about 50-75 miles a ride and try to get out about three times a week. It's good but that is another thing when it comes to a minimal lifestyle. All the stuff that comes with riding a bike, the tools, the clothes, a helmet. It all adds up."
"It's not a competition you know. There aren't really strict guidelines or rules you know, it is what you make of it. I did some reading about it last night after you went to bed. Really is quite fascinating the way some people live, watched the trailer for that documentary you watched as well. That man must be pretty confident to reveal all like that."
"Oh really, I am glad you looked into it. Yeah he is definitely an extreme example to be fair. Do you understand it though?"
"Yeah of course love. Look at that spare room. Full to the brim with all of the stuff your dad collected over the years. Meant something to him and it means something to other people when they buy it, but to me it's just stuff he hoarded. I don't have an emotional connection to it. Not sure if I should tell you this or not really, but I will. Your Dad and I did try nudism, you know."
"What really?! When? Where?"
"We tried it on a few occasions. We did a few naked weekends in your dad's uni flat, he had a studio apartment then, so we were all alone. There was one time that we were on holiday in France and we were told by someone we met in the hotel that there is a nude beach only a mile or so away."
"No way, did you go?"
"I took some convincing from him but, yeah we went to this nude beach. It was, well it was proper weird for the first hour or so. I felt so exposed, I kept covering myself with the towel whenever I noticed someone looking my way. But after we settled down at a nice spot on our towels I didn't have anything to cover myself with I just sort of got used to it."
"Wow, that sounds so cool. I can't wait to try a nude beach or one of those resorts."
"Resorts too are there? Sounds like it would be an open orgy."
"That's not what it's about."
"Well that beach was full with people going at it. So while I am not saying that is why people do it, it is definitely why some people do it."
"Wow, really people were having sex on the beach?"
"Yep. I felt really awkward about it. Your dad loved it, the bloody perv." Sally laughed. "He wanted to have some fun with me while we were there but it was a step too far for me."
"If my nakedness is too much at any point please tell me. I don't want it to feel awkward for anyone."
"I know love. As I said I have seen it and done it so it's nothing new to me. Just might be a bit different if that naked man I am looking at is my son, that's all."
"So why didn't you do nudism more? Did you not like it?"
"No we grew to love it but when I got pregnant with Izzy I just felt it wasn't right anymore."
"I understand." Tim stacked the plates and put them in the dishwasher. "Another coffee?" Asked Tim gesturing to her mug.
"I'm fine thanks love." Tim made a coffee for himself and Sally went to get her laptop. "Here is the ebay page we set up. So far we have sold over £2,500 worth of stuff. Not bad for some old stuff of your dad's ay?"
Tim walked to the laptop and looked at the page. "Amazing. I knew he had some rare stuff but hadn't a clue on its value. You keeping anything?"
"There's a few things that we bought together on special occasions and that sort of thing, I will keep stuff like that, but for the most part we are just gonna sell what we can and donate anything that doesn't sell."
"Gets rid of it anyway, doesn't it? I saw some boxes of records in there yesterday. There has been a bit of a revival in them the last year so they will easily sell I reckon. They will all be original pressings as well won't they?"
"Yep, sold a few for 20 and 30 quid each. Amazing isn't it."
They talked about Tim's plans while he was home for a while, the sound of Belle stomping down the stairs made them turn their heads. "Phew I hate sorting out other peoples fuck ups."
"Not Jed was it?"
"Well actually, it was this time. He is usually okay but he really didn't know what he was doing today clearly. Spent over three hours just fixing his mistakes. Done for now though. I'll just have some toast and we can sort the bed out for you, okay?"
"Yeah okay, stick a slice in for me too please."
"We still have a few slices of our pizza if you want that instead love?"
"Oo yeah I'll have that. Cancel the toast Belle."
Belle saluted and yelled "Toast cancelled sir!", like a Seaman confirming a command.
She waited by the toaster and watched Tim closely as he warmed the leftover pizza under the grill. Tim noticed her looking. "Not staring are you?" Belle snapped out of it and looked at the toaster.
"Nope."
"Liar. You were ogling my tits weren't you?" Tim brought his pinkies up to cover his nipples. "Perv!" Sally burst into laughter and the kids joined in too. Tim removed his fingers and pulled the grill tray out. Belle's toast popped as well. "Listen Belle if you aren't comfortable with this just say please. I don't want you to not feel comfortable in your home."
"No it's fine, I am just trying to get used to it. It's fine honestly."
"Mum's done it too, you know. Her and Dad."
"Yeah she told me last night, after you went to bed."
"Did she tell you about the sex on the nude beach?"
"What no! Mum and Dad having sex on a beach! Grim."
"Not me and your Dad, other people were." Sally clarified.
"Bloody perverts."
"Look it's not a sexual thing to most people just for some okay?" Tim was trying to justify the actions of those people on that beach over 25-30 years ago.
"Whatever. Just don't be bringing any chicas back here and breaking out a nude orgy in the living room, right?"
"Of course, nude orgies only in the office/bedroom got it." The three laughed together at Tim's comment. They ate and made their way upstairs, it was an awkward thing to move in such a cramped room. They took the mattress off first and slid it out the door and left it in the hallway. The bed was a bit trickier to get out as it needed to be up-ended so it could be manoeuvred away from the boxes. They managed it and placed it in a corner of the office. Tim made the bed and Belle sat in her chair and watched.
"Still staring?" Tim said as he finished up making the bed.
"Sorry it's just weird."
"And I'm not even naked yet."
"I know, I am really gonna try and not let it bother me, I can see how much this means to you so I am willing to give it a try."
"You're gonna try it? Mum! Belle is taking off her clothes in front of me!" Tim teased.
"He's fibbing mum! That's not what I meant, I mean giving you the freedom you need and letting you do it. It doesn't hurt us so I don't have a problem with it."
"I'm glad, we will see how you feel tomorrow."
"I guess we will."
"Dad wanted to fool around with mum on that beach in France, you know. I didn't know he was such a dirty old bugger."
"Yeah I guess he hid it quite well. Wonder if we can get any more juicy goss out of her?"
"What? Sex stuff? Do you want to know about that?"
"Just think it would be nice to know that our parents weren't just vanilla. That's all."
"Yeah, I suppose there's that. Maybe we should ask her later after a few beers."
They passed the midday talking and going through the next things that had been sold on ebay and needed to be sent out. Tim made a promise that he would spend a decent amount of his time here clearing through his dad's old stuff and putting it up on ebay. All he asked was that he didn't have to do all the posting. But Sally happily obliged and thanked Tim for taking on the responsibility. Belle went back up to the office, to finish her afternoon shift. Tim busied himself with sorting out the next batch of things to sell. He chose 30 records that he knew would sell well. He did some research on the average sale price and added a starting figure just under those prices. It took a while to add all the listings and all of the information to the site. It was nearly 5 and his stomach was rumbling. He could hear the sounds of his mum busy in the kitchen. He finished up adding the last listing and went to see what she was cooking. She had opted for stir fry.
"Belle running late again?"
"Happens all the time, she does more days with overtime than not at the minute but she loves it. I might just make the food and take it up to her."
"Sounds good, I'm starving." They both prepared the vegetables and fake meat, Sally took charge of the actual cooking though. She had always liked cooking for her family. Tim took a step back when some hot oil spat out and caught him in the chest.
"Ow!"
"I guess that is one of the downsides to this way of life." Sally giggled as she said that wiping the oil off her son's chest. "Put an ice cube on it for a bit." Tim did so and winced at the shock of cold as the ice touched the spot. His nipples stiffened. "Cold in here is it?" His Mum asked with a giggle.
"You tell me." With that Tim pulled her top away from her neck and dropped the ice cube down her back, she yelped in surprise and wriggled to get to drop out.
"Little git." She wasn't actually mad, it was just playful fun. "Set the table you naughty boy."
"Yes Mummy, right away Mummy, three bags full Mummy."
"Git."
Tim laid the table for all three of them, he thought Belle might still join them at some point. Sally plated up.
"I'll take it up for her Mum." Tim grabbed a beer for Belle from the fridge on his way up with the plate in his hand.
"Use the light switch!"
"Will do!" Tim knocked, opened the door and flipped the lightswitch on and off twice. She turned to him and smiled. She pointed to her ear phones and mimed someone going on and on. Tim set the food and beer on the desk. Tim put his pinkies over his nipples again and it elicited a laugh from her, she immediately covered her mouth.
"Sorry Bob, continue please." Belle winked at her brother. Tim left, closing the door behind him. "On a call she is. Someone must be waffling on to her. Has she told you about that Jed lad? Proper creep."
"She has yeah, I think he is just a lonely boy and needs something to fixate on. Just wish it didn't have to be my little Izzy, but she won't stand for any of his bollocks. She's a tough cookie that one. Don't know where she gets it," Sally said with a smirk and a raised eyebrow.
"Let's eat." Sally had taken some beers out for them both and they enjoyed their food in near silence. When they had both finished Tim did the washed the wok and loaded the other dishes in the dishwasher. He got two more beers for them.
....
By the time Belle came down they were both on their fourth beer.
"Looks like I have some catching up to do." Belle got two beers out of the fridge and poured the first and then most of the second into a pint glass. She drained the remainder in the bottle and took several gulps of the pint. They sat around the table and Belle told them about the troubles she had had today. Tim filled them both in about the listings and showed her how many of them already had bids on. Tim and Sally were now onto their fifth beer and Belle was only lagging behind by half a bottle now.
"So Mum, I wanted to know more about you and Dad. How did you meet?"
"Well you know we were both at uni together. So that's how we met but if you wanted to know how we got together...?"
"Yeah," Belle said rather eagerly.
"Well If you didn't already guess it I was the class nerd and your dad was the slacker. One day towards the end of our first year he approached me and asked if I was willing to help him through this last module. He had already asked the tutor and they had said that they couldn't offer any out of hours tuition. So I said 'okay, as long as you cook me a meal'. Little did I know how bad his bloody cooking was then. I came round to his shitty little bedsit and he had these horrible rowdy lads living with him. As soon as he opened the door to me they were thinking me and your dad were gonna be having a shag fest. It was quite pathetic. He led me to his room and I sat at the desk and got my books out. He said he was just finishing up the food and he would be back in a bit."
"Christ, what did he serve you?"
"He came back with two plates, a pocket full of cutlery, the cheapest wine money could buy and two plastic cups. He laid the plate out in front of me and, I will never forget the smell, he had done some sort of creamy pasta dish but all I could see was bacon. He must have grated half a block of Parmesan on it, so it stunk of sweaty feet and he had stuck four rashers of, in my eyes, not well done enough bacon. Smoky bacon too. It was an effort and I knew that then but christ. I had a few mouthfuls, then he said 'Bloody hell can you really eat this? It's fucking grim shall I pop to the chippy?' Of course I said 'yes please'. After that we had our chippy tea and most of the wine, then all of his house mates burst into the room, obviously hoping to catch us at it. They were very disappointed. They said they were all going to the pub and wanted to see if we wanted to come too. Your Dad told them that he needed to get this coursework sorted, so he would have to give it a miss. We spent the next 20 minutes going over what he didn't understand, by this point the wine had had its desired effect and I was certainly looking at him in a different way. He leaned close to me to point at a section in the book and I just lost control and pounced on him. I reckon I gave him quite a shock. We, well, we enjoyed ourselves."
"So hot."
"Eww Belle that's Mum and Dad."
"So? It's love we are talking about. Love between soulmates. Not just some horny students humping."
"Still though? Come on."
"Anyway. We fell into a steady rhythm after that evening, met up after lectures a few nights a week and we did actually get some studying done some of those evenings. The bugger of the whole story he actually scored higher than me on that module the little git." They all broke into laughter.
"Thanks for sharing Mum. Really good to talk about this stuff."
"My pleasure hun, I must admit it's made me quite emotional." Belle stood up and wrapped her arms around her mum to comfort her.
"Love you mum. Thanks for sharing." Belle kissed her cheek.
"Love you too love" Sally turned her face to Belle's and gave her a peck on the lips. Belle gave her mum one last tight hug and sat back in her seat and finished her beer. They moved to the lounge and relaxed on the sofas and watched an old family favourite film. When the film ended Tim was the only one still awake. He nudged both of them on the shoulder and they roused. Belle was taken aback at first seeing her nearly naked brother standing over her.
"Time for bed you two." They said goodnight and made their way to bed.
Tim stripped and got into his bed in its new surroundings. He would wake up a nudist once again, and hopefully this time a more permanent nudist. He would still need to wash the clothes that he had worn so far just in case he needed to go into town. They had both seemed okay with his semi nudity today but Tim was feeling anxious and yet excited for tomorrow and what it would bring. He really didn't want to upset them or make them feel uncomfortable in any way. He drifted into a deep peaceful sleep.
--------------