My friend, Susan, is fidgeting as she drinks her coffee at my kitchen table. She called this morning right at eight and said she had to speak to me in private as soon as possible. I replied a little uncertainly, "Sure, come on over anytime this morning." Susan arrived twenty minutes later.
Susan put down her coffee cup and made a face. "There is no easy way to do this, Ashley. I won't try to sugar coat it. Your husband Harold is having an affair with Jean."
That is certainly starting my day off with a slap in the face. Harold and I have been married three years now. I am 30 and he is 42. I am a moderately successful novelist and work from home. Harold owns two-thirds of a car dealership and was supposed to be at a car show in Dallas all this week.
Jean and I have been 'best friends forever' since high school, and she is married to Harold's partner, Bill. Bill owns the other third of their very successful car dealership. The four of us often get together socially and see a lot of one another.
I blew out a breath. "Okay," I drew that out as my thoughts reeled in confusion. "That is not what I was expecting to hear this morning. Maybe you should give me some specifics."
"Oh, Honey, I hate to do this to you, but avoiding the facts doesn't do you any good."
I just nodded for her to continue.
Susan took a deep breadth and plunged into the story. "My husband's fraternity brother and his wife were driving from their home in Lexington to New Orleans for a convention. They stopped last night at the Embassy Suites out by the interstate to spend the night. We met them for dinner at that nice new steak house that opened in the hotel. We were having a grand time drinking, eating, and catching up.
"I guess it was about 6:30 when I looked out and saw Harold sit down at the bar and order a drink. I didn't think anything of it until I saw Jean arrive and join Harold maybe ten minutes later."
Susan glanced up at me to see how I was taking the news.
I was in a turmoil inside but stayed icy cool on the exterior. "Go on."
"Well Honey, Jean's hello kiss looked like she was trying to lick Harold's adenoids, right there in public. She ordered a drink, and they sat there giggling and pawing each other like a pair of dogs in heat."
A deep and abiding fury was growing inside me as I processed my husband and best friend's betrayal.
Susan gave a little laugh. "Well, you know me, the town busybody and gossip. When they finished their drinks, they left - and I, of course, excused myself from the table and discretely followed them out. They went hand-in-hand to the elevator. I watched from the open-air atrium as they went to the fifth floor and then went inside room 516."
I gave a snort. "If that doesn't beat all. My husband scorching the sheets with my best friend. But then again, I guess it's a tawdry, old tale."
Susan had a concerned look on her face. "Ashley, don't do anything rash. A lot of marriages survive an affair. Marriage counseling can do wonders."
"Do tell," was my noncommittal answer.
Susan gave a tentative small smile, "You know men. Their peckers are bigger than their brains and get them in trouble. Harold may just be having a midlife crisis or something."
I replied coldly, "That could be, but if you spit in my face, you are going to have a hard time convincing me you just meant to wash it."
I thanked Susan for her information, and she went on her way. I needed time to think this through.
I'd like to castrate my bastard of a husband but suspect the police would take a dim view of that. I need a plan to cut him to the quick, and then I want to rub salt slowly into it so the pain is excruciating and lasts 'til hell freezes over.
I am a petite five-foot-two Southern country gal with fiery red hair. As they say, 'hell hath no fury like a scorned woman' - especially a red haired, Southern one. Po' ol' Harold is in a heap of trouble and hasn't got a clue - yet.
It really pisses me off that Harold called last night about eight for a nice spousal chat, no doubt fondling my friend's breasts while he and I talked intimately. Ever since high school that damn Jean's breasts have always been magnificent, much better than mine. That just pisses me off even more.
It's almost nine o'clock on Tuesday morning. Harold is due home from the 'Dallas car show' at 8:00 pm Friday. It's going to be a busy week so I better get cracking.
My older brother, Bob, is a cracker jack divorce lawyer so I gave him a call. His secretary, who I have known for years, said she'd get him for me right away after I explained the situation.
A few minutes later, Bob came on the phone, "Hey Sis, what's up. The secretary just handed me a note saying 'get off the damn phone and talk to your sister.""
I laughed, "I am going to take that gal to lunch next week; she's a gem. Well, Harold is shacked up with Jean at the Embassy Suites. You never liked that son-of-a-bitch. Guess you were right."
"Ah Jeez, not Jean. She's your best friend."
"Yep, ain't that a classic story."
Bob let out a sigh. "I am sorry, Sis. What do you want to do?"
"I'd like to fry his gonads in oil, but since that is probably illegal, I want to take him to the cleaners and then some."
"Ok. I have client coming in for a meeting in about 15 minutes. Let's meet at Molly's Café for a late lunch at one, and I will have worked up some basic plans to choose from. If you nail him for adultery in this state, you can have a field day."
"That is just what I want."
"I'll get Jim on this as soon as we hang up. You've met him several times over at our place. He's very good."
Jim is my brother's best friend dating back to their army days in Afghanistan. Today, he is a very successful private investigator doing a lot of adultery-based surveillance. With on the order of half the marriages having a cheating spouse at one point or the other, the PI field is certainly a growth industry. Jim says he doesn't do anything to anybody - they do it to themselves
I replied, "Sure, I know Jim well. He got his nerve up to ask me out once, but I was already dating Harold seriously then."
"Really? Maybe that will give Jim incentive to make sure we get the evidence to make you a free woman again. What is the status of Harold and Jean now?"
"Anne spotted them at the Embassy Suites last night and told me this morning. Room 516. Harold is supposed to be in Dallas all week so I expect they may stay ensconced in their love nest for a few days, maybe even all week.
I mused, "I wonder what tale Jean is spinning for her husband? Bill has blinders on when it comes to Jean so she can spin some silly yarn to be gone for a few nights that he'll buy. Poor credulous man. The innocent ones are always the last to know."
Bob agreed, "True. I will pass all the info on to Jim. Has Harold or Jean had affairs before that you know of?"
"Harold? Not to my knowledge, but who knows. Jean has had at least one fling since marrying Bill. That was a torrid affair last year that ran through the start of this year. It was with a trainer named Frank at our gym. Frank is quite a male specimen. I was even tempted myself, but I kept my dalliance with Frank safely in my fantasies."
Bob laughed, "Probably prudent you did at this point. I am going to have to run. Need to talk with Jim and get him started and meet with my client.
"You know the money drill. Move everything to your name, cancel credit cards, put jewelry and other valuables in a safety deposit box, and make copies of all of your financial records for me."
"Will do. I have the manuscript for my new novel at the publishers. My editor says it is easily my best work yet, and she expects the royalties to crack six figures. I will tell her to put it in the file drawer until the dust settles here. She had a nasty divorce last year and will understand."
"Great news on the novel, Sis. Good idea to put it on hold right now. See you at lunch. Bye."
I'll make a point to be extra sweet to Harold when he calls for our evening spousal chats as he feels up my best friend. Don't want him guessing I am onto his game.
Friday Evening
Harold arrived home right on time Friday night. As he came in the door, the first thing he saw was me draped naked over the back of the couch as that hunka-hunka Frank from the gym fucked me from behind. He dropped his luggage with a crash and his face turned scarlet as he took several steps toward us. "What the hell is the meaning of this?" he roared.
I looked up at him smiling sweetly. "Hi, Honey, ... Ungh, ungh, Oh Frank! ... Harold Dear, this is called a revenge fuck, ... Oh my God, oh, oh, ... I know about you and Jean ... Jeez don't stop, Frank."
I was loving the shocked look on Harold's face. I panted out, "Look in the manila envelope on the table, Dear, ... Ungh, ungh, fuck me, Frank, fuck me." I finished with a passionate screech as I orgasmed under Frank's Olympic-quality effort.
Frank and I collapsed panting onto the couch. Harold had pulled the photographs out of the envelope and was scanning quickly through them as his face turned almost purple in fury. It was a nice collection showing him and Jean at the Embassy Suites.
The PI, Jim, had been in Army intelligence and was good with technology. As soon as Bob called him Tuesday morning, Jim rented room 517 next to the two cheating spouses. A $100 to the maid got him into Harold and Jean's room when they went to a late lunch. That was when Jim planted the microphones and cameras that sent signals directly to him next door. The manilla envelope had a small selection of what we had, but it showed Jean and Harold in very steamy, compromising positions. Harold left Thursday morning for Dallas where he was supposed to be, and Jean returned back home to her husband.
Jim also came over to my house and went through Harold's computer with a fine toothed comb. Harold had tried to hide and encrypt everything, but his efforts were too amateurish to standup to Jim's skills. Soon Jim had a collection of emails, credit card charges, and phone records. These of course were all different from the email account, credit cards, and cell phone with which I was familiar. By Friday evening we had a ton of data; only a small fraction of which was in the manilla envelope. My, my, how much I learned about my husband and my lifelong girlfriend!
Harold threw the pictures on the floor. He was beyond rage; he spluttered, "How the hell did you get these. This is outrageous. I don't have to stand for this!"
Harold spun on his heel and stomped toward the door. Oh, I love to see a man get what he deserves.
"Oh yes, you do, Dear. Walk out that door, and my brother will file for my divorce for cause on the grounds of adultery at eight am Monday morning. I will own the house and half of your car dealership, not to mention that generous alimony you will pay in this state."
Harold spun back around and hissed, "Bitch." His face was splotched and his eyes narrowed with fury. I was glad for Frank's muscular protective presence next to me.
I smiled sweetly as I kissed Frank's chest and said, "How true. And you can't do a thing to stop me, can you?"
I had him by the short hairs. He was facing financial ruin if I divorced him for cause, and he knew it. For the last fifteen years, Harold had lavished all of his time, effort, and money on building that car dealership, making it the most successful one in the state. Two years before we married, he had risked everything to buy out the third partner in the car business.
Harold was a superb businessman, and the car dealership had prospered. But Harold was highly leveraged, and if I scooped up too many resources, he would go under like a rock. Bill, Jean's husband and one-third partner in the business, was a disaster as a businessman. He was just a happy-go-lucky, glad-handing car salesman. Harold's whole being was wrapped up in the success of his car dealership.
Harold caved and blew out a big breath. "Okay, you are right. I deserve the payback. I am sorry."
I slipped down to the floor between Frank's legs watching Harold fidget. "Be a dear and fix us all a drink. Our glasses are on the bar. We are having that 16-year old bourbon on the rocks. You know the one you were saving for a special occasion. I think this qualifies."
When Harold returned with our drinks I waved for him to place them on the end table. I couldn't speak as I had Frank's dick all the way in my mouth. Poor Frank was groaning and twisting under my ministrations. Harold collapsed in a chair across the room with his drink. I caught his eye and kept eye contact as I worked Frank into a frenzy.
I finally had mercy on Frank and pushed him down on the couch. As I mounted him, I smiled at Harold and said, 'Dear, I wish I had known you were cheating on me sooner. Bless my heart, this is fun!"
Frank was a well endowed male specimen, and as he entered me, I gave an involuntary groan of pleasure. I kept eye contact with Harold, as Frank and I began a steady pleasurable rhythm. "Harold, how many times did you fuck my best friend, Jean?"
Harold had been watching me almost mesmerized, and this brought him out of his reverie. "Uh, just this week. That's all. I promise. It was a one-time thing. A terrible mistake. I am sorry. It will never happen again."
"Ungh, ungh," I groaned. It is impossible to concentrate when you are getting fucked so well. "Liar," I gasped. "Oh my God. Oh, oh, ... You fucked her at least nine times in the last three months ... ungh, ungh, ungh ... Have records ... Sweetie, oh Sweetie, Oh Jeez!" Frank and I climaxed together as we pushed desperately into each other, groaning and moaning in pleasure. I collapsed on Frank's broad muscular chest, grinning happily at my distraught husband.
Harold was fit to be tied and spit out, "Okay, you have had your revenge affair. Now what? I give up. What do you want?"
"I coyly teased, "Oh Honey, this one time hardly evens the score. I am finding this situation very pleasurable. You have no bargaining chips."
Harold knew I spoke the cruel truth. He exploded, "I'm out of here."
"No, Dear. Unless you want the paperwork filed Monday morning, sit back in the chair. Otherwise you will soon be a pauper."
Harold was quivering with rage and helplessness, but he had no choice. He sat back down.
I swung off of Frank, and we both sat up on the couch picking up our bourbons Harold had so sweetly brought us.
"Don't be mad, Honey. You did it to yourself. Have a drink with your wife and her lover." I took a deep sip of the finely aged bourbon. "Oh Honey, this bourbon of yours is heavenly."
Frank chimed in, "Man, it sure is."
Harold just glared at us.
I giggled. "Well, just be that way. I'm taking Frank to our bedroom to see if he has any life left in him. You are sleeping in the guest room. Tomorrow we will discuss our situation at breakfast."
It had gone just as I planned. Frank and I had a practice session on Thursday night to get used to each other, perfect my plan, and get our timing down. Practice really does make perfect!
Saturday Morning
The next morning, I sent Frank off with a kiss, a donut, and coffee since he was working at the gym that Saturday. I got myself a donut and coffee and sat across the kitchen table from Harold. He was nursing a coffee and looking decidedly grumpy.
"Whew, that was some night," I exclaimed with a teasing smile.
"Knock it off," Harold snarled.
"Touchy, touchy,' I chortled.
"Okay, I screwed up big time. I don't want a divorce. I'll make it up to you, however you want."
"I think what you mean is you can't afford for me to divorce you."
Harold looked out the window. "Ok, Yes. I can't. I talked with my company's lawyer last night after you two went to bed. He said at this point, I should have a specialist divorce lawyer talk with your lawyer. Let people who are not emotionally involved discuss it."
"That is probably wise. Who is your lawyer?"
Harold sighed, "I haven't talked to anybody yet. Hoped it wouldn't need to go that far. Thought we could maybe let bygones be bygones after last night. Try marriage counseling before we go off the deep end."
I grinned naughtily. "Well maybe once we balance the ledgers that would be possible. I still have, let's see, nine times you cheated with Jean before, that I have records of. Then there is Monday through Thursday with her this week. That puts at least 13 credits on my side of the ledger."
"Screw however men you need to get even. I give up; you win. Let's just get the lawyers talking to each other and settle things to stay together. I will make it up to you."
"Have whoever you pick for a lawyer talk to my brother; he is representing me. Meanwhile, I have scores to settle with you and I intend to do just that."
Harold put his head into his hands. 'What the hell do you want?"
"I want you out of the house until Monday. Tonight, you are to meet me at Tony's Bar on Third Street at seven. I'll explain about that then. On Monday at ten am, be back here, and I'll have my terms for getting back together ready for you. Until then, I am going to have some fun."
Saturday Night
I arrived at Tony's at 6:50. It is the swankiest place in town, and the clientele is well heeled. Harold was already at the bar nursing a drink. He looked up at me and stared. Of course, so did everyone else.
I had spent the day at the beauty shop and spa. I was wearing a new, long, slinky red silk dress that clung to my body. A slit ran to my upper thigh, and the front and back both had dramatic dives. There was no good way to wear panties or a bra with this outfit! I topped it all off with 4-inch silver heels and a matching pearl necklace and earrings that Harold had given me for our first anniversary. I was the dramatic hot chic out on the town.
I sashayed over to Harold and let him buy me a glass of ridiculously overpriced French Sancerre wine. While we finished our drinks, I chatted gayly about trivialities. Harold answered in monosyllables and smouldered. When we finished our drinks, I took Harold by the hand, and we went outside.
I walked him across the street into Third Street Park. The park is covered with tall oak and hickory trees and is a delightful ten-acre retreat in the city. Natural springs bubble up feeding rills that coalesce and cascade into a small central pond. A maze of trails meander through the rocks and vegetation providing a pleasant stroll for those so inclined.
I led the mute Harold to one of my favorite spots, a park bench under a large oak. The bench provids a pleasant view across a small rock strewn meadow to the central pond, maybe a hundred feet away. Two small creeks bubble through rocks and splash into the pond, providing a soothing background noise. The far side of the pond has a gazebo with a light that casts the area surrounding the pond into dim relief. Well maintained paved trails branch out from the bench area leading down to the pond, further into the park, or back in the direction from which we had come, out to Third Street.
"Sit down and wait here," I commanded.
Harold complied with a grunt. "Am I about to witness another of your revenge fucks?" he spat.
I smiled brightly at him. "Oh yes. Thought I'd do it al fresco for some extra spice!"
"I hope the damn cops arrest you for public indecency," Harold grumbled. "Your stud muffin from the gym again?'
I laughed gayly. This was fun. "Oh no, someone new."
"Do I know him?"
"As a matter of fact, you do."
Harold sighed expansively, "Okay, who is it? Bill?"
"No, not Jean's Bill. You will see. He should be arriving at Tony's in about twenty minutes so I had better head back."
As I started back down the path toward Tony's, Harold called out, "What is to prevent me from just leaving?"
I turned around and smiling maliciously said, "Absolutely nothing, Dear. You are free to go, but I will file Monday morning if you do. You will be bankrupt soon after. Stay here and watch, and we will discuss my terms Monday. Watching or not watching your wife get screwed is totally up to you."
I returned to Tony's and the place was jumping like always on a Saturday night. Since I was paying this time, I got a glass of house Chardonnay and flirted with the bartender while I waited. At 8:00 I left and walked across the street into the edge of the park.
Jackson arrived right on time and joined me in the park. Jackson is Harold's half-brother and is younger by seven years. The two hate each other passionately as do their mothers. Jackson is a skilled criminal trial attorney who I met him several times over the years when I accompanied my brother and his wife to lawyer social events.
I had called Jackson up back on Tuesday afternoon after learning of Harold and Jean's 'indiscretions' that morning. "Hi, Jackson. This is Ashley, Harold's wife."
"Well hello, Ashley! I haven't seen you in a month of Sundays. You broke my heart and stomped it flat when you married that worthless brother of mine."
I laughed, "Well funny you should mention that. He's running around on me, and I'm out to even the score. How would you like to screw your brother's wife?" Jackson jumped on the offer like white on rice and embraced my plan with gusto. Nothing was likely to enrage my husband like my screwing his hated younger half-brother, especially in front of him.
Once Jackson joined me in the park, we took a different path to the pond and then walked up the path across the meadow toward Harold. I stopped about forty feet from Harold sitting in the shadows under the oak. The light on the gazebo was behind us and would silhouette us. It was also bright enough to put us in a dim light. Harold would get an eyeful.
I turned to Jackson and kissed him slowly. He returned the kiss with relish, and I slipped out of my dress straps letting the slinky fabric fall to my waist revealing my breasts. Jackson's hands were quickly massaging and kneading them making me quiver and moan happily. I straddled his leg and ground my pelvis into him driving both of us into more desperate groping and gasping.
My selected spot also had a large flat rock about waist high. After a few passionate minutes, I turned my back to Jackson, leaned over the rock. desperately pulled my dress up to offer him access to me. I braced myself on the rock. Jackson wasted no time, and we were quickly caught up in that ancient happy rhythm of thrusting and heaving. The happy sounds that were being elicited from me carried easily to my furious husband.
As my passion rose, I heard a woman exclaim from behind me, "Oh my God," followed by giggles. Glancing over toward the pond, I saw a young couple had come out on the path by the pond. She had one hand covering her mouth. They stood stock still about fifty feet away.
I was too far gone to care, and Jackson, immersed in his efforts, had not even noticed them. I waved with a smile and gasped out, "Unh, unh, ... Hi there ... Oh, oh." The man laughed, and the girl grinned giving me a thumbs up. They stayed there watching spellbound.
Jackson was a fine lover and brought me to a shuddering orgasm accompanied by my primeval scqueal of pleasure. Jackson climaxed soon afterwards pushing himself deeply into me producing more whimpers of satisfaction from me.
The watching couple clapped, and the man exclaimed loudly, "Bravo, bravo." I stood up, gave them a deep theatrical bow of thanks and pulled up my dress trying to regain some semblance of decency. The couple waved as they walked off giggling while an exhausted Jackson pulled up his pants.
I left Jackson resting on the flat rock while I tottered over to Harold. I gasped out, "Now that was fun don't you think?" Harold just glared mutely at me. "Well, I am going to take your brother home with me. We will drink your whiskey, and he will fuck your wife 'till her tongue hangs out right in your own bed. remember you brought this on yourself. You can go now. See you Monday morning at 10:00."
Harold stood up and stalked off stiffly without saying a word. Jackson's raucous laughter followed him down the trail. I couldn't help it. First, I was giggling, then I too was consumed by laughter at my furious husband. Harold looked so like one of those arch-typical priggish British Army officers on TV strutting along as though there was a stick stuck up his ass while he simmered in rage over what he could not control.
Monday Morning
I put on coffee and even made blueberry muffins in preparation for my meeting with Harold. I do have a domestic side and enjoy cooking. My brother came over, ostensibly to be available for legal consultation, if needed. My PI, Jim, also volunteered to be there, just in case. I think Jim is sweet on me! Soon I will have to invite him to dinner and offer appropriate feminine 'thank yous' for all of his help. My brother and Jim were really there to be sure Harold did not become physical.
While they waited in the living room, I took them coffee and a basket of muffins.
Harold arrived precisely at ten. I poured us each coffee as we sat down at the kitchen table. I took a blueberry muffin from the platter on the table, but Harold declined, even though they were a favorite of his.
"Well, what are your terms?" Harold asked querulously.
I broke off a piece of muffin and chewed it thoughtfully as I stared at Harold.
"You said we would settle this today," Harold said snippily. "You screwed my damn brother in front of me. Satisfied? Are we even now? What else do you want?"
I handed Harold a folder. "This was filed this morning at 8:00 am. It is a pleading for divorce on the grounds of your repeated adultery with Jean."
Harold exploded, 'You lying, bitch. You told me you would have your terms this morning to settle this and get back together."
"Harold," I sighed, "why do you think I owed you the truth after you lied to me and cheated on me?"
Harold was red faced now. "Then why did you go through that charade Friday and Saturday? You could have filed last week if this is what you were going to do."
I smiled. "Oh Honey, I did it just for the fun of it. I wanted to humiliate you and rub your nose in it, just like rubbing a puppy's nose in his pee on the carpet. Besides filing today ensured that Judge Nancy Robinson hears the case."
Harold looked at me quizzically.
I answered his unarticulated question. "Five years ago the judge's husband had a steamy affair with his secretary. Judge Robinson eventually took him back, but her husband is on a very short leash these days. He even has a male secretary now. Since then, the judge has been hard on cheating spouses, male or female, that come before her in divorce proceedings."
Harold smiled triumphantly. "Well, miss smarty britches, you screwed up. I met with my new divorce lawyer this morning before coming here. By taking lovers to humiliate me, you committed adultery too. That removes the grounds for divorce for cause. All you have now is a no-fault divorce. My lawyer will contest any claim for alimony or an interest in the business since we have only been married three years and you have an independent profession writing."
"Ah Harold, Dear, you have to prove adultery. Frank, Jackson, and I will deny everything. You have nothing. I on the other hand have loads of proof of your unfaithfulness."
If Harold could prove my adultery, then I would probably only get a year of alimony and 50% of the house and common marital property but not a share of the business.
Harold was grinning gleefully now, "My lawyer has several investigators tracking down that couple that walked up on you. That will be enough proof."
That couple was indeed a fly in the ointment that I had not anticipated. I called Jim right away Saturday night, and fortuitously, he found them still out necking in the park. He invited them for a drink at Tony's and explained the situation, showing them a selection of pictures. They were amused by how I was getting even with Harold, but the young woman, in particular, was incensed at Harold's behavior. That turned to outrage when Jim showed them a video on his laptop of Jean giving Harold a blow job while Harold talked to me on the phone.
Jim quoted the young woman as saying, "Who the hell does he think he is, President Clinton? Well, we can only say that we saw a couple sitting in the meadow on a rock by the pond. It was too dark to see who they were or what they were doing."
I will make a point to send that young lady flowers!
I smiled at Harold and said confidently, "Oh, that will come to naught."
Harold was nonplused by the certainty of my reply.
I continued cheerfully, "Harold, to wrap up here, I am to get full ownership of the house, half of the other common property, and half of your interest in the car dealership. Last year we had an income of $239,000 on our tax return of which $56,000 was mine from book royalties. Using the formula Judge Robertson favors for alimony, I am asking for $6,050 per month for five years."
Harold leapt to his feet, sending the chair crashing to the floor. "You are insane. No judge will grant that. We will fight this."
My brother and Jim dashed into the kitchen when they heard the chair crash to the floor and were standing protectively by my side watching Harold fume.
My brother interjected, "Sorry Harold, this is right in line with what Judge Robertson has decided in six cases with adulterous spouses in the last three years. She will rule in favor of this settlement."
I picked up the conversation saying briskly, "To bring our conversation to a close, Harold, I will let you know that I met with Bill yesterday afternoon. I filled him in completely on you and Jean with pictures, video, and audio. He was crushed."
"Did you fuck him too?" Harold challenged.
I smiled enigmatically and replied "I'll leave that to your imagination."
I had not. After two nights with Frank and one with Jackson, this ol' gal was fully satiated and needed a rest.Jean had complained to me before that Bill was a devotee of the slam-bam-thank-you-ma'am sexual technique so there was not much temptation. Guess I can appreciate that Jean might need an affair from time to time to keep up her morale if not her morals. She just shouldn't have used my husband for her morale booster.
Besides Jim had been along for the meeting to answer questions Bill might have. He is taking an increasingly proprietary interest in me. Think my social life may pick up after my divorce!
I continued, "poor Bill really loves Jean. He is going to confront her this morning with a selection of photographs we lent him. But I think he will take her back. I also agreed to sell Bill my share of your business for $100,000."
All of the blood drained from Harold's face, as he stood there looking at me with hate-filled eyes. "You know it is worth ten times that."
I arched my eyebrows at him and with a grin simpered, "Goodness no. You know us girls, no head for business." I also knew that was all the money Bill could raise.
I watched Harold wilt as the implications of my plan sank in. I would strip him of financial resources so he had no cash reserve to invest in the business or buy out Bill. He would be struggling just to make ends meet with the business loans he had in his name. Bill would be the senior partner when he bought my share. Bill would also be the boss and would hate Harold for sleeping with his beloved wife. Their day-to-day working relationship would be utter hell. Bill's mismanagement would bankrupt the company within a year or so. All of the hard effort and money Harold lavished on the business for the last 15 years would go up in smoke before his eyes.
And as for Jean; well, she is a well-kept, pampered woman. When the business collapses, her life of ease will end - she might even, heaven forbid, have to get a job!
A woman's revenge is ever so sweet - and nonfattening!