SWTOR: A Smuggler, Not A Patriot: Prologue: A Famous Face
Inspired by the new Bioware MMO set in the Star Wars universe. I own none of the characters, obviously.
Lamalla Rann licked full lips as she spoke. After insulting, waving away and finally attempting to hire the smuggler, she was now negotiating. A bit of seduction never went awry, except when it did. But that could be fun too.
"You Alderaanian nobility?" Sulmad asked sharply.
The reporter blinked at the non sequitur. He waved a hand at her hairstyle. The twin braids, wrapped up and around the sides of her head like brown half spheres was a unique and well known style. Even in the underworld.
"No. But it helps get people to take me seriously."
"Ah, well, infiltrating a heavily defended enemy facility and stealing back the data you lost for a handful of credits and a look at you licking your lips helps people not take me seriously." Sulmad countered.
"Do you know how I got this job? Seeing as I'm not nobility?" Lamalla asked.
"I'm guessing you didn't work hard and go to a good school."
"No. I got down on my knees and sucked off the hiring officer. Then the producer, then the head of the company. Now, I'd have done it for free. You should have seen me in school. Hell, you probably have, some of the holos are still real popular on the porn market. You just don't recognize me cause I've had some work done."
"Five." Sulmad said.
"Five." She agreed, spitting on her hand. Sulmad caught her wrist and pulled the hand to his cock.
"One as down payment, four as payment."
She glanced around the empty Mannett Beach. "Someone could see."
"I'd have thought that was part of the fun for you, seeing how you talked about the porn you did."
"That wasn't with my face." She protested weakly, sliding to her knees already. High, firm breasts that were obviously sculpted by surgery, not genetics pressed against him as she knelt before him. Her words and actions were at odds. So he ignored the former.
A jerk let Sulmad release his slowly hardening cock. It fell out and smacked her in the face. Any woman as experienced as Lamalla would have smelled the other woman, no, the other women, on that cock, despite rudimentary attempts at hygiene.
Her complaints vanished, along with his cock, down her throat.
She'd always enjoyed sucking cock. So much so that when she used the wealth she'd...acquired, to get a new face, she had a few additions made so she could enjoy it even more. The nerve link between her mouth and her cunt was supposed to be turned off when she wasn't sucking someone off. The off switch had never worked properly. Lamalla didn't mind, it made anything she did with her mouth an intensely pleasant and erotic experience. It was one of the reasons she talked so damn fast. Admittedly it also meant she was permanently horny and often orgasmed while talking to people, or, even better, giving a news report. But as she'd been permanently horny as far back as she could remember and the orgasms were, well, orgasms she didn't complain.
At least when she wasn't effortlessly deepthroating eight inches of cock. She hadn't bothered to have them remove her gag reflex as she'd learned to suppress it years earlier.
Hands kept soft by moisturizer and masturbation massaged his balls and every inch of his shaft that wasn't, at that moment, being entertained by her tongue and tight throat. Ruby lips formed a vacuum seal around his cock slurping on it like it was the last popsicle on Tattoine.
Sulmad pulled off his glove and dropped a hand to the head of the woman on her knees before him. One eye kept a wary watch on the beach as his other hand rested on the butt of his blaster. Too many mercs he'd known had gone out in the bathroom, or balls deep in some bitch for him to relax fully in any unsecured location. But, as his cock twitched in the famous woman's throat, he had to admit it was fun, even if exhibitionism wasn't usually one of his kinks. Certainly not to the extent it obviously was Lamalla's.
Since her mouth was full, the burden of conversation fell solely on him. He stroked her hair like she was a pet. "You know, I won't be on Ord Mantel long. It might be hard to find time for four more blowjobs. Even ones as good as this—" Sulmad began.
Nailed fingers grabbed his ass, forcing even more of him into her mouth and forcing a gasp from his mouth as she managed to get both testicles in her mouth. The Rodian slut had also managed it, but the angle of her snout meant that the pressure had been from a different angle and even more, it hadn't been anything like as impressive. Lamalla had blocked off every possible spot of air as she held his ass, forcing him deeper, sacrificing her breath to give him pleasure.
Her brown eyes locked on his green ones, almost hypnotically. Finally, after a time that would have shamed many a spacer, she pulled back and took a deep, shuddering breath. Saliva ran from her ridiculously full lips to the cock that dangled before her, hard as a rock. "You sure? About that?" She gasped, her attempts to get her wind back turning it into two questions. Despite that, her hands had swung around to take over for her mouth, jerking and massaging.
"It would be hard, but it might be worthwhile. On the other hand, so might other things." He said, guiding her with no particular gentleness back to his cock. "Visiting your main offices for instance. I think I would enjoy making you suck me off in the bathroom just before you were due to give a report. Watching you pontificate with a belly full of my cum, well I might actually watch the news." She glared at him, but he could see her nipples hardening through her shirt. "Now, if you were wearing my seed on your face, that I would definitely watch. Could be a whole new market segment. Not for you, obviously, but for your network."
One hand slipped from his balls to caress herself at that thought.
"Maybe something a little more intimate. I know a bar frequented by the local ladies, when they're looking for a little female companionship. Why, I bet there wouldn't be anyone at all in the gentlemen's room, but everyone would know. They'd see you go in, they'd hear you slobbering all over my cock, they'd know what you were doing and what you are. Tell me, would you mind if I sold one of my servicing to one of those ladies? Watching that might well be worth it and I know some who aren't so bad off that they couldn't come up with some serious credits for a crack at those lips."
Her glare was softer than it should have been, given that he was offering to pimp her out. But it's hard to glare and frig yourself mercilessly at the same time and the latter had priority in her mind.
"Oh, I just had a naughty notion. I could unspool those braids of yours and tie them back around my ass, holding you down on this meatstick. Even better! I could use one to bind your hands behind your back and the other to make you suck. Not that you need any help in that department." The possible double meaning of that escaped her at that moment. Probably this was because she had four fingers in her pussy, but the fact that Sulmad was groping her sculpted breasts like there was no tomorrow didn't hurt.
Words and images of herself, used, sold, bound and cumming, always, endlessly cumming pushed her to the edge. The relentless pounding of his cock in her nerve-enhanced throat, along with the fingers in her, needed-no-nerve-enhancements cunt, was rapidly driving the nympho journalist over the edge. Long years of experience (and she came more in a day than most managed in a month) let her recover quickly. Indeed, it forced her to recover quickly. Which was one reason she was on her knees before the not entirely hygienic mercenary.
"I'll take that orgasm at the very notion as an agreement to my ideas." Sulmad said, self-satisfaction visible. If only barely, seeing as how what was most visible was pleasure.
Brown eyes fixed on the hand that was still resting on the butt of his blaster. While she had no intention of double crossing the scarred and scary smuggler, she was damned if he was going to give one of her galaxy famous blowjobs and her extremely expensive breasts only half his attention.
Tightening her lips and swirling her tongue, Lamalla Rann, reporter extraordinaire focused all her considerable skill on making that hand drop. Her head was a blur, while one hand unsnapped her shirt, revealing an expensive (and see-through) black bra and an expanse of tanned skin an acre of cleavage and a pair of nipples, hard as diamond under his ever more intent eyes.
The question that he usually would have asked disappeared unasked when he realized that he didn't care and the answer had to be yes and that it was too late. She'd seen the signs, but kept going at full tilt on that cock. Both rough hands grabbed her head, shoving it down against his armor as he shot a fairly small load directly into her stomach. Delicately, she licked his cock, careful of its suddenly oversensitive mood. Sulmad stumbled back, but recovered almost as quickly as the nympho at his feet. A swift, almost angry gesture shoved his cock away. "That's one down and three planned." He pulled her to her feet. "Next time I'll tell you about the other two, but I can tell you that at least one of them is going to have me coming all over these babies." He groped her breasts.
"If you're going to get frisky, we can make it two up front." Lamalla offered with a bright smile.
"No thanks." He gave her firm ass an even firmer slap as he walked past, making her jump. "Half the fun will be that you won't know when I'm stopping by to collect."
The smuggler swaggered off, leaving a reporter who was horny as ever, but a bit happier. And a lot more nervous.