Mind 3
This directly follows Controlling the Personal Assistant 2. I recommend reading 1 & 2 first if you have not done so. Thank you for all you who gave me stars. Comments are always welcome.
Marie
I was driven to the shopping precinct, experiencing a mild quivering in my pussy and a discomfort I was getting used to in my bum. The first shop we went to was a clothes shop where we purchased a mini kilt which barely covered my bum, a white tee shirt that was a size too small and short white socks. I'm so pleased to be wearing knickers.
Next was a shoe shop, wearing my new 'clothes' scraps of material really. I have to sit down as some assistant puts shoes on my feet while looking at my knickers and possibly the red showing from my butt plug. I tried pushing the bit of skirt between my legs while the pervert fastened my white high heel's straps around my ankles.
My face was beetroot red as we left the shop and pretty much remained that way as we walked to Sainsburys. I was still buzzing away as we walked round, he made me stretch up for things on the top shelves and bend down for the bottom.
He paid and we pushed the trolley out. As we were passing the toilet I was told to stand by them and wait for him while he put the shopping in the car. I felt such a fool standing there looking like a porn star pretend schoolgirl, trying to look sophisticated, in ridiculously high heels and because of the tremor in my pussy my nipples jutted out. I bet they all thought I was on the game.
I was so humiliated, blushing again, looked at by everyone who passed including Greg who smiled at me as he walked by me into the gents. He came out again, took my hand and led me into the men's toilet. Once through the door he held me and kissed me lowering both hands to my bum and pulling me into his erection.
My arms were around his neck pulling my lips to his, I was loving this on the other hand someone could come in any minute. He pulled me into a cubicle, put the toilet lid down, unzipped his fly and sat down. "On your knees and suck it," he ordered. Fuck, piss had been dripped on the floor, do I kneel in it or do I refuse? I know I can refuse.
I AM MARIE free to make my own decisions!
I knelt down and sucked his cock.
The vibrations increased and a sort of pulsing started. He pulled me up by my hair and bent me over his knee. This is it, he is going to spank me in a men's public toilet. I felt the build up before he landed the first blow and as he took my knickers down I climaxed. I climaxed with as little noise as possible just squeaks.
Greg
I have enjoyed watching Marie squirm, trying to cover herself while the young lad put the shoes on her. I don't know who was the reddest, him or Marie. She climaxed before I smacked her which was a bit disappointing, never mind if I don't cum soon myself she'll be on her knees again.
I took her knickers off and eased the butt plug out. I smacked her right cheek then her left, the smacks echoed round the place. I carried on spanking. Marie was managing to stay silent. "Are you alright in there?" came this disembodied voice.
"Everything is fine, thank you for your concern," I told him. I carried on spanking her for another minute, stood her up and I walked out of the stall, holding her knickers and butt plug. There were three chaps in the toilet, two were using the urinals and another was waiting to see what was happening.
Marie
He had left the cubicle door open and I quickly closed it. I tried to pull myself together and adjust my dress. I pulled the skirt down as far as I could so the waist was on my hips. This at least gave me a chance of not exposing my bare pussy. There was nothing I could do about my nipples which were like a couple of.22 bullets. I thought about stuffing toilet paper down my tee-shirt but instead used it to wipe my pussy.
I opened the door a little and peeped out three men who were all staring at my cubicle door. Shit what do I do? They were not going away. I girded my loins, (my naked loins) shoulders back and I walked out. Three pairs of eyes looked me up and down, eventually focusing on my tits. I smiled at them and strutted out.
I might not have been so confident if I had realised there was a red hand print on each of my thighs showing under the skirt. Greg was waiting for me outside the loo and led me off to another shop watched on our way by three men.
I was walked around the shops before going to the car in the multi-storey car park. He sat in the driver's seat and told me to kneel on the passenger seat and suck his cock.
I think I am past caring, all he has put me through or I have allowed him to put me through and now here I am my bum in the air, my wet pussy on show to whoever walked passed. Not that many people are about. Fuck it, I gave him the best blow job I could and he came quite quickly. I swallowed every drop before I sat back and spread my legs so anyone who looked would have a view of my pussy.
He gave me my knickers and butt plug and started to drive home. "My Sweet, tell me about your friend Di," he asked me.
"We knew each other when we went to high school, we were in the same class and hit it off immediately. We were both quiet and shy so stuck together. We rented the flat over a year ago and get on well."
"And what have the two of you done together? Does she fancy you? Do you fancy her?"
What can I tell him or not tell him? I have no choice but to tell him everything. Things I am ashamed of, perhaps not ashamed but do not want to share. "She does fancy me, she walks about half dressed all the time and we have done things when drunk." I told him.
"I am going to fuck both of you together, how do you feel about that?"
"Yes please sir, I would love that, and I think Di would, she likes men."
We arrived home, it is my home now and it was such a relief not to be an exhibit displayed for sir's amusement but what the fuck it was amazing. I am so worked up from the humiliation I wish he would fuck me now, Marie would ask but My Sweet just did as she was told.
Greg
It would appear that Di may be easy to manipulate, given the right circumstances. She has a thing for Marie and her reaction when I touched her indicated I should be able to control her. What the hell, she is asking for someone to control her.
We went for a lay down to rest before the evening activity. "My Sweet, when Di arrives you will be in your underwear putting your makeup on, I will send her in to see you. You will keep her relaxed and have her help you, perhaps select a bra to wear. When you bring her through, leave her with me and go in the kitchen and finish the meal."
Di
I arrived on time. "Marie's not ready yet, go through," he said using that powerful voice, my stomach churned and my pussy moistened. I went through to find Marie sitting at a dressing table in her knickers and bra putting makeup on. She is hot, I'm not a lesbian but I have always had a kind of connection with her. Even one or two illicit drunken nights in each other's arms.
"Hi, Di, I'm nearly finished, help me with this dress." She picked up a very expensive red dress and I helped her get into it. "No, the bra shows," she exclaimed and took the dress off again. She removed the bra, I had forgotten how perfect her tits were. I helped her put the dress on again. God she looked wonderful.
"Are we going out because I am way under dressed and you look beautiful?"
"No, this is just for Greg, my sir, my love." She took my hand and led me into the lounge. She gave my hand to Greg and walked off into the kitchen. My sir, she said, interesting.
"Thank you Marie."
"I'll just finish dinner and then we can eat." she disappeared. Greg was still holding my hand, why does this electricity shoot from his hand to my pussy and more embarrassing for the moment my nipples which are poking out. We sat on the couch and with his free hand he gave me a glass of wine.
"Thank you for coming, not enough people come here." He was looking in my eyes, through my eyes right into my soul. Why was the only word I heard was come "Are you ready for it now?" he asked. Yes, no, ready for what? I'm ready but he won't mean what I am ready for.
"Sorry, ready for what?" I asked in a totally confused head space.
"Dinner of course," he stood and as he was still holding my hand he helped me up. I was not too steady on my feet and my legs had gone to jelly. Marie brought the food in, it smelt like quite a hot curry, she knows my weakness. Greg pulled a chair out for me to sit down and pushed the chair in, somehow I felt like a million dollars.
He massaged my shoulders, "You are a very beautiful young lady who will enjoy being here, who will give everything." I wish I had dressed like Marie, I felt so dowdy and she looked so sexy. We ate a very nice home made curry.
Greg
"Greg has made such a difference to me, my confidence has bolstered since I worked for him. I handle people who come to the office amongst other dealings with people. I even shout at Greg sometimes," said Marie
"I wish I had that confidence, I am still very shy and will not challenge anybody."
"Both of you stand up, we need to help Di, don't you think My Sweet?"
"Oh yes sir, Di will be perfect," My Sweet said.
"Face each other and put your hands on each other's shoulders. Maintain eye contact, and listen carefully, I used a simple technique of suggestion to make Di malleable to my requests." When Di was looking ready, I moved to the next stage. "Di move your hands from shoulders to tits." She slowly moved her hands not just down but into the dress so she was fondling Marie's tits.
"My Sweet do the same for Di," she moved her hands down and fondled her tits. "Undo her blouse, keep looking into each other's eyes." the blouse fell to the floor. "Would you like me to take your bra off Di?"
"Yes please sir," she said without any hesitation. I unhooked her bra, pushed it off her shoulders and pushed it down her arms which were still on Marie's tits. I moved Marie's hands to the side and squeezed Di's tits pulling her into me, specifically my erection.
"Would you like me to take your skirt off?"
"Oh yes, please,"
"Suck her tits My Sweet," Marie was on her knees and latched on to a nipple before I could even start on Di's zip. Her arse was rubbing into my cock but I managed to ease the skirt down.
"Right girls stand here while I look at you," things were going to plan. "Marie, take the dress off," this left her like Di in just shoes and knickers. Ye gods this was awesome, turn around, let me see your beautiful arses. I did more than just look but put a hand in each of the knickers, squeezing bum cheeks.
"Face each other, get closer, push your tits together, hold each other tight and kiss with tongues, with love." I had left my hands in their knickers pushing them together. I moved behind Marie and pulled her knickers down before doing the same with Di.
Di
I was feeling so good as we sat down for dinner and it was interesting to hear how Marie was so confident. Greg made us do some exercises to help me which did involve removing clothes this did seem so right. I kissed Marie, we kissed each other and my tits were massaged and my knickers taken off.
Marie and I were naked, kissing, tit to tit, stomach to stomach and pussy to pussy when we were told to kneel which we did without our mouths disengaging. Greg pulled our mouths apart, I felt suddenly empty when his cock came between us, we both took the side of his cock in our mouths, we were almost kissing again as he moved back and forth. Why did everything feel so right? Marie seemed to love this as much as me.
He pulled away and before we could restart kissing he held our hair and led us crawling into the bedroom. He stood there like a ringmaster and using our hair he contrived to have us kneeling on the edge of the bed.
"Well girls you are both really beautiful and in that position displayed at your best. Just push your tits into the bed and lift your arses, that's perfect." He put a finger into each pussy, both warm, wet and ready for his cock. He started fucking me, slotted right in, no finesse, just rammed.
"Di, you have started the journey to becoming more confident, do you wish to at times for me to have control of you?" He was fucking me harder than I have ever been fucked before.
"Yes, sir please." Did I? Damn right he could do anything, I would agree to anything.
"When I call you Diane you will be under my command, do you understand?"
"Yes sir." That seemed reasonable. Everything seemed reasonable.
"Right Diane play with your clit while I'm fucking you. You may cum when I say." He fucked me hard and rough, I played with my clit, I held off I so wanted to cum but knew that I couldn't. "Cum now!" he ordered. He came into me at the same time. Wow, I was flying, oh fuck what an evening, no wonder Marie was so beguiled.
To be continued...