Karen arrived at the bar first and was shown to a table near the back with a good view over the rest of the tables. It had opened fairly recently and was still enjoying the busyness of a good new place opening in a pretty affluent high street.
A pretty waitress took her order for coffee and she sat back and waited for her friend to arrive.
Emma walked through the door dead on time. She glanced round the bar and gave Karen a smile and wave when she locked on to her and squeezed through the tables to get there.
Em looked fantastic. A turquoise halterneck summer dress cut just above the knee showed off her lovely tanned legs in gladiator sandals. Her belly was a beautiful pregnant curve, and her skin and hair were glowing with second trimester hormones.
"Em, babe you look incredible!" Karen exclaimed as they hugged. They had been mates since they met at work 5 years ago and hit it off straight away. In the intervening years they had each moved jobs and houses (and in Karen's case, got divorced and become a single mother), but they had always kept in touch and met up regularly. When Em fell pregnant 5 months ago she had confided in Karen as soon as she found out - keen to learn from someone who had been there and done it.
"An incredibly chunky whale more like! I keep forgetting where this belly ends, and bumping into things!" Em flopped onto the leather banquette and asked the attentive waitress for a glass of iced sparkling mineral water.
"I remember those days - the second trimester is the best and worst at the same time. The body changes are scary and the hormones are a blessing and a curse!" They both laughed and sat back as the waitress brought the drinks and some tapas.
They chattered away, catching up on the gossip of mutual friends and what they had each been up to since they had last spoken. The conversation rolled back and forth easily with the occasional pause as they ate the tapas and sipped their drinks.
"So those are new!" Karen said with a wicked grin, nodding at Em's chest which had grown significantly since they last met.
"God, tell me about it. I've never bought so many bras of different sizes. I've gone from a small B-cup to stretching a D! I feel like a stripper!"
"Lucky Andy - I'll bet he can't keep his hands off them. When I was pregnant my tits did the same thing and my hormones went haywire at the same time- Rob thought all his dreams had come true, we were shagging like rabbits all through the rest of my pregnancy!" Karen was so caught up in her memory she hadn't noticed the tears collecting in Emma's eyes. "Oh babe! What's wrong? Is it something I said?"
"That's just it. I wish Andy and I were at it like rabbits, but we're..."
"Oh hun. Don't worry, lots of women don't feel like sex when they are pregnant. You'll get your libido back in time" Karen tried to cheer her friend up but the tears kept coming.
"It's him that's off sex, not me! I'm like a fucking nympho" Em had said that a bit loudly, and Karen was afraid someone would hear, but Em didn't care. She had a wild look in her eyes that Karen hadn't seen before.
Em leaned in across the table "I have never been more horny. I think about it all the time. The need to cum is constant. But Andy won't... He says he wants me, but he's afraid of hurting the baby. So I end up giving him loads of blowjobs, which he loves, and wanking myself stupid" she sat back with a sigh, taking a drink of water.
"It started a while back", Em went on. "I noticed as my body changed I was getting more - you know - sensitive. I've apparently got a narrow pelvis which needs monitoring- as in, rubber gloves on and up they go. I've never been poked and prodded more than since I fell pregnant. Anyway, I went for a check up with the doctor and even though its not exactly the sexiest situation, I was still getting a buzz out of another woman seeing and touching me there. She had a medical student with her - good looking lad in his 20s and she asked if he could have a go too. He needn't have used the KY jelly, I was so horny by then!"
"Em! I'm shocked! Go on though, I love a filthy story!" Karen couldn't believe her friend was being so candid. They didn't usually talk about that sort of thing.
Em was happy to keep going. Now that she had started telling someone she had to get it all off her chest. "I find every situation a turn on. I've been watching every bit of porn I can get my hands on - outrageous stuff. And I keep fantasising about everything."
"Like what?" Karen was intrigued - since the divorce she had needed to take matters into her own hands a bit more too.
"Everything. The young med student features highly. And other situations too. Andy's mate and his Aussie girlfriend came round one night before they went back to Australia. We hadn't been expecting them, and I was already in my pyjamas - just a pair of Andy's football shorts and a white vest. I don't wear a bra at night and... well my nipples have got bigger and darker since I got pregnant. And more sensitive. Way more sensitive. I can come just by playing with them." Em was off in a daydream. She was gently squirming on the leather bench and her nipples were prominent through her dress, despite her wearing a bra. "Anyway, neither of them could keep their eyes off my tits. My nipples were straining against my top and I was getting - you know. Wet. Normally I would have been covering up or leaving the room, but I stayed. I kept on thinking about them naked. Did he have a big cock? What do they look like when they fuck? Even - and this is embarrassing." Em looked at Karen again then at the table. "I even wondered what she tasted like. I've never been with a woman before but like I said: I've been watching a LOT of porn!"
"Wow. What did Andy make of all this?" Karen was getting horny herself now, listening and watching her friend as she recounted the tale.
"He knew something was up. As soon as we got them out the door I jumped him. I sucked his cock on the sofa and brought myself off as he came. I wish he had fucked me though. God, listen to me. I'm talking like a porn star!
"You are looking like one too!" Karen made a point of slowly looking over Em's chest and licking her lips.
"Oh shit. What a brazen little slut I look like!" She giggled. Karen wanted to keep the momentum of the conversation going.
"So what about in here. Who would you fantasise about in here?" Karen asked.
"Oooh. Too many to count. I'd like to see that pretty little waitress getting fucked from behind by her manager. God I'm so fucking wet. I watched a porn this morning where a scientist accidentally dropped a vial of strong aphrodisiac on a train, and all these strangers end up fucking like animals. Imagine that in here. See those four suits over there having a meeting. Imagine getting those guys naked where they are and letting them do what they wanted to you, uninhibited." Em was really squirming now and Karen could see she needed some relief. She looked her straight in the eye and said.
"Right, we need to get you the fucking you deserve. Call Andy and tell him you need him at home now."
"It's no good," Em's voice was pitched up and desperate, but her hips were still rocking on the seat "He still thinks he's going to damage the baby."
"that's why I'm going to stay with you and give him instructions. Even if I have to guide his cock into you myself."
Em moaned and quivered.
"You'll be there to watch us fuck? Giving him instructions to get me off?"
"Yes. And doing it myself if I have to."
Karen called the pretty waitress over and asked for the bill, as her friend needed to get home