This is a short story that was originally designed to be illustrated. I could not however get my iMac to format the images in a way that literortica could handle. This one is just for fun. I hope you enjoy it!
*****
It's Friday afternoon just past 4pm. You are so ready for the work week to be over and head home for a few days. Especially since you and your wife have finally decided to start a family.
Today is "O" Day, Ovulation Day and you have been primed for an entire week. No cumming for you, but lots of edging. It's a wonder you were able to make it through work today. Your almost constant raging hard-on hidden from view in your office. The only real perk of this job, besides the generous maternity benefits...
At 4:15 the intercom blares to life, "Mandatory staff meeting at 4:30. Supervisors please bring your quarterly reports."
Your eyes widen and shoot to the photo of your wife on your desk, your frustration building. You shoot her a quick email about the meeting and the unfortunate delay before gathering your thoughts along with the quarterly reports.
You and your wife work for the same company. She in marketing, you in sales. You had never met before until the corporate Christmas party 3 years ago. You don't know who hung that piece of mistletoe above the door frame, but everyday you thank the Gods that you and she happened under it at the same time. You practically knocked each other over as you both try to move through the doorway at the same time. Her long brown curls caught your attention. You smiled, she smiled back and bit her lower lip as she checked you out. Her eyes shot up to the green spring above the door. Your eyes followed hers. You wrapped your arms around her and pulled her close against you. You lips found hers. After a moment, her tongue pressed against your teeth demanding entrance. How could you refuse her? Locked together in a passionate embrace you kissed each other for several minutes, not caring who saw you. You lips parted briefly, faces flushed with passion. She led you by the hand down the hall to an empty office.
Quickly she pulled you through the door and locked it behind you. She practically pushed you down on the carpeted floor and began pulling at your belt. You had not yet spoken a word to her and this woman was going to take you.
You were under no illusions about who was the aggressor here. She nimbly pulled down your pants and briefs in one fluid motion. Standing above you for a moment, she stared down at you. Even though her face was obscured by shadows in the dark office, you could feel the fire in her eyes.
She stroked your hardness for a moment then squatted down over your hips. She reached under her skirt to pull her panties to the side and mounted you. You both gasped as she slid down your ridged cock. It seemed like she would never reach the bottom, but you reached the end of her as you butted into her cervix.
She sat there motionless for a moment and then started to unbutton her blouse. After removing it she bent over to kiss you again and to press her braless tits into your mouth.
She began to thrust against you, trying to get that extra inch inside her. You bit her nipple as her clit rubbed against your prick sending her into her first orgasm.
Her cum relaxed her cervix just enough and the head of your cock slips through. A loud gasp escapes her lips as you take her womb for the first time. She began to shake all over and pump you even faster. Your hands found her butt cheeks and pulled her tighter against you. She was cumming perpetually, her eyes rolled back in her head.
In less than 5 minutes you felt your orgasm rising. She was thrusting her hips against you even faster, summoning your sperm from deep inside you. You tried to warn her of your impending ejaculation, but no real words could leave your mouth. The sensation of your prick rubbing through her cervix were too much for you. Your entire body seized as you came. You pumped spurt after spurt directly into her womb. She screamed one last time and fell face first onto your chest. Moments later someone began to pound on the door. You were both covered in sweat, half clothed and had violated at least 5 different office protocols.
As your breathing began to return to normal she raised herself up on arms and looked down at you. "I'm Susan. "Are you married?"
Trying to catch your breath you replied "Ted... my name... is Ted. No... not married..."
"Good" she said, "Free up your schedule for New Year's Eve, we're flying to Vegas and getting hitched!" The pounding on the door continued. "I'm not about to lose the greatest sex of my life... GO THE FUCK AWAY!"
The pounding ceased.
So that was how you met your wife. You look around your new office, the same one where you two consummated your relationship. You can almost smell the scent of her womanhood in the room still. The memory of it along with you recent lack of sexual release has you harder than blue steel. The meeting is only moments away and you need to gather your reports.
Making your way to the conference room you hold the folders at your waist to cover your throbbing erection. Upon entering the conference room you notice that the company C.F.O. Is in attendance. Mr. Gains is a tough man to work for, even if he is your father in law. You could have done worse than to sweep the spoiled, rich, only daughter of the number 3 man in the company off her feet. Mr. Gains holds you to a much higher set of expectations than the other sales supervisors, riding you harder than his daughter ever does.
As the other employees enter and take their places your phone vibrates in your pocket. Pulling it out you see a text message from your wife. Quickly opening it it says:
NOT WAITING ANOTHER GODDAMNED MONTH!
GET YOUR ASS OUT OF THERE NOW!
Unsure what to do, you briefly think about leaving the meeting. You glance at your father-in-law who is staring a hole through you, seeming to know what you are thinking. The pain in your crotch from your hard-on is causing you to break out in a sweat. You feel your phone buzz again. You glance at the new message:
I'M GETTING PREGNANT TODAY
WITH OR WITH OUT YOU!
You know your wife. She has never been denied ANYTHING. Always the best clothes, the best schools, the best cars, her ideal career. Marrying you was the only thing her father ever balked at. He eventually relented, but has never once let you forget it. Your phones buzzes yet again, looking at it you see there is a picture attached. Opening the picture you gasp out loud...
I'M IN YOUR OFFICE NAKED
THE DOOR ISN'T LOCKED
FIRST MAN THROUGH THE DOOR
GETS TO KNOCK ME UP!
"Ted, are you alright?" asked Mr. Gains.
You look up at him but no words come out. Your mouth moves but now sound comes out. You are pale and sweaty with your need. You cock feels like it is about to explode. You have feelings of lust, rage, love and jealousy all rolled up at once.
"TED! Are you alright?" Mr Gains asked again.
You quickly shake your head no.
"Are you sick son?" he asked with actual concern in his eyes.
You nod your head yes and start for the door.
You move quickly from your seat, half bent over to try and hide your erection and hold your hands over your mouth like you are trying to not throw up. The last three years with your wife has taught you to think quickly on your feet, she likes to role play and sometimes springs unexpected things on you. As you sprint out the door your entire focus becomes the woman in heat only 40 feet away.
Reaching your office door, you turn the knob and look inside. Before you is a vision of loveliness. Your beautiful wife stretched out over your desk... naked.
"Lock the door and fuck me. Don't speak to me, don't romance me, BRED ME!"
You push the door closed and move forward, unfastening your pants as you close the distance, nearly tripping as your slacks drop around your ankles. As you continue to move forward, you realize that your briefs are stuck to your cock due to the large amount of pre-cum you are oozing. You step up behind your wife's lovely ass and point your prick towards the prize...
You slam you cock into her HARD. Stretching, separating, plunging deep into her core. Bumping into her cervix you thrust like an animal and spear your cock head through. She lets out a small cry as you take her womb, a place no other has ever been. You reach up and grab two handfuls of her hair and begin to plow her fertile field.
You hammer into her, all of your frustration, all of your lust, all of your twisted emotions flow out of you through your cock. Savagely you take her, her eyes pressed shut. You don't know if she knows it is you or not, neither do you care. Your only thoughts are your prick sawing away inside your woman.
Your fertile woman...
Your primal need shuts down the higher parts of your brain. The only thing in you mind is pumping yourself into the pussy in front of you. You must sperm her. Impregnate her. Own her body and soul.
In 4 or 5 strokes she is cumming. She bites into her lip to muffle her screams but it does no good. She cries out. She shrieks at the top of her lungs. No words, only guttural sounds. The heavy oaken desk moving a bit closer to the window with every thrust. It has only been a few moments since this encounter has begun and you feel the sap already rising, this will be a big one.
A fist begins to pound on the door adding extra urgency to your thrusts. Your wife responds with a single long cry as she cums like never before, clinching your hardness like a velvet vice. Her vaginal muscles rippling along the length of your cock.
Her fertile garden demanding your seed.
With one final thrust you plow deeper into her, deeper than ever before, her orgasm intensifying. You know on some instinctual level that as soon as you cum she will conceive. Your child growing within her, mating the two of you as more than mere spouses. Joining both of your souls in the formation of a new life. Nothing can stop you now, her womb awaits you.
Just as the first spurt of your cum leaves the tip of your cock, you hear your door start to open...
How many office protocols have you violated now?
"Hi daddy... I can explain..."
FIN