Author's note: In this series the youngest son of the O'Connor clan will slowly take control of his family and his neighbor's family. Step by step, pussy by pussy, a voyeur becomes a master in the conquest of Elba Avenue.
*****
I have always been a voyeur, but despite my tireless efforts the thrill of watching is seldom paid off with the desired reward. That is until just recently, when years of practice and a touch of fate delivered the reward of a lifetime.
I had just moved back home with my parents after a failed pie in the sky business venture in another country. Another country, another time, another story. To summarize it in a nutshell, it was a miserable ending. Now I was back home, in a proverbial purgatory. I was stuck in a rut. I hadn't smiled in two months, but then on my way to take a piss an urge lead me to take a peak out the back window. Fate forever removed my frown.
The backyards were an oasis amidst a stinking sty. The family house was in a suburban downtown community that had been run down by crime and drugs and abandoned by most respectable families. My parents and the neighboring family had stuck it out, money was tight and they owned their homes. Looking out the back window, you'd only see green grass; two sparkling above ground pools, and a pair of patios, from the front window it was the Wild West, a ghetto.
It was one of the two sparkling pools that caught my eye, or more the figure floating across the water that did. I fingered the blinds open gently and peaked my eyes out. Her tits were perfect. Last I'd seen her she didn't even have tits. She was little Mollie Prichard. The neighbor's youngest daughter. By now she must have been 18-19 years old. In the ten years since I'd last seen her, she died her hair red, shed her tomboy husky figure, and grew the finest pair of tits I may have ever seen. The two round globes sat up perfect in her modest red bikini. She lay back on a pool float catching some rays. Sweat glistened off her golden skin. Her eyes hidden behind thick black sunglasses. Hair clinging to her shoulders and the curves of her breasts.
I lowered the blinds from half way up the window to the full way down. From my many juvenile years looking out at Mollie's older sister, I knew she couldn't see into my vantage point. With the glare of the sun and the blinds down, I had a bird's eye view of the young sexy treat lying almost nude less than 20 feet away. I had the house to myself that afternoon, so I quickly loosened my belt and began massaging my cock.
As the pool float slowly rotated, I was blessed with different angles of the young girl's body. Her tits were perfect. Regardless the angle they sat plump on her chest. Proud young tits. If I were closer I'd be able to make out her nipples hard from the cold water. Her abs were toned. Surely the result of a vigorous workout schedule. The Prichard family women were naturally bigger women. Not fat, but full. Mollie would be considered fat when she was younger, and you could only expect her to grow up on the hefty side, but as I rubbed my cock looking at her now, the only thing you could call fat on her were those tits.
She smiled and in an instant my cock lurched half hard. Mollie lifted her sunglasses and was blasted in the eye with a stream of water. I had been so transfixed by the gold skinned, red headed beauty in the water that I didn't notice anybody else. At the side of the pool, a younger guy held a super soaker and blasted Mollie in the face, knocking her off her raft. As she came up from under the water, she jumped and grabbed the guy, pulling him closer. Either her older brother was as infatuated with this little minx as I was, or little Mollie had a boyfriend. Safe to assume he was the boyfriend.
On the far side of the yard was the picnic table and patio. Sitting around it was Mollie's family and my neighbors the Prichard's. Our families had grown up next to each other since birth. My brother and sister and their brother's and sister's were almost family. We were close. Then we grew up and life happened as it does. We keep in touch, but I hadn't seen or heard from any of them in the entire time I had been gone. If I had known Mollie was a solid 10, I would at least have followed them on Facebook.
There was Ellen and Frank, matriarch and patriarch, oldest daughter Mandy (the object of most of my youths desire and target of every cum shot pre age 21), Mark, the middle child and my best friend early in life, and Mollie, the youngest. They were all sitting around the table laughing and picking at the scraps of their dinner.
My cock was rock hard as I now watched Mandy lean forward and her tank top fell low and her cleavage spilled out. Her tits were bigger than I remembered. The long crack between those tits looked like it went on forever. I had seen them. Back in the day I hacked into her computer and found a few tit shots she had saved in history. Whore was probably sending them to some lucky bastard. I printed a copy of each and no longer needed porn. They sagged a bit even for her young age then, I'd love to see how they handled themselves now. They looked heavy; I imaged them smothering my face and my cock many a night. She had fat nipples and in the picture she squeezed the left till her fingers almost touched. Thinking of the pain she must have been in made my cock throb in my hand as I stood staring out my back window.
Mandy was reaching into a bag. She pulled out baby bottle. She stood walked across the yard. As she moved, her body slowly jiggled with her every step. She had gotten thicker. Her tits were larger and her ass popped with each waddle. She wore pants and a puffy shirt, but the material still stretched taut when her legs moved. I used to watch from the front window as she walked to and from her car and cum in the fifteen steps it took her to get there. Now, I was on the verge again watching her now inflated ass jiggle as she carried a bottle the bottle to the back of their house. She was met by her husband. The lucky son of a bitch who gets to fuck Mandy whenever he wants. The guy who gets to bury his tongue between those two fat ass cheeks. The guy now holding her offspring. Donny, I think his name is, but fuck him. Mandy handed him the bottle and stretched her back. Her shirt rose exposing her soft pudgy belly. I stroked my cock steadily. As she settled the large tits swung heavily.
She walked back to the table and sat between her parents, Ellen and Frank. They continued laughing and telling stories sitting at the table.
My attention went back to the pool. Where Mollie was looking over at her family. The five foot tall pool was perfect height for her tits to rest on a pedestal. A stage for her perfect tit. She looked to be bouncing from foot to foot inside the pool, so each tit jiggled and pushed upwards fighting to be free of the bikini top. I kept a steady pace on my cock imagining a nipple slipping free. She was pulled back wards as the young guy, who I suppose was her boyfriend, pulled her back into the water. They played lightly, kissing and splashing and pushing away from one another. Kids stuff. Not the type of thing that would lead me to expect what happened next.
As he was pushing her back, the guy playfully grabbed at Mollie's tit and pulled the string free. I could see the ripple of flesh as his hand squeezed her left tit, spilling tit over finger in his overfilled hand. Mollie let out a light shriek that the guy caught by pulling her under water. She came smiling devilishly and pushed him back looking to get even. The look in her eye said she would. She fixed her bikini. Her eyes were locked with his she pushed him back towards the edge of the pool. His back hit the stand up ladder and she guided him to sit on it.
She gave a quick peak towards the picnic table. The Prichard's sat mostly with their back to the pool. Mark was in the middle of dealing a hand of Texas Hold Em to those around him. Mollie looked back up at the guy and at that moment I nearly came. I knew what she was going to do. Before I could pick my jaw up off the floor, little Mollie Prichard had some guy's bathing suit unlaced and his limp cock in her mouth. All this while her entire family played a game of cards ten feet away.
My hand fell still on my cock as I watched Mollie at work. She pulled her boyfriend's cock from her mouth and jerked it hard and fast, he became rock hard in no time. He looked over his shoulder and back down to her with a nervous look on his face. She just said "shh" and licked the head of his cock. He was a good 7" and she held it at the base, running her tongue the length of it. Her free hand found his balls and she stroked them gently.
I could hear her mother's loud obnoxious laugh at the table as she stood and celebrated.
"Two pair!"
Ellen leaned over the table to pull in her winning chips, but Mark cut her off.
"I have three of a kind! Three jacks, I win!"
Ellen sat back, "But I have two pair, that's four cards, that's better than three cards.
Mollie pulled the cock from her mouth "Three of a kind beats two pair, mom."
"Thanks' for nothing, Mollie." Ellen always had a sense of humor. She gave a halfhearted turn towards Mollie and the pool, but her attention stayed to her dwindling chips. If she had turned she may have witnessed her daughter with a mouthful of cock. A sight that had me on the verge of cumming on the window ledge.
Mollie's tongue worked in circles around the head of the cock. Her eyes remained locked with the guy above her as he took the cock head into her mouth and slowly worked it down her throat. She struggled to get the last inch in, but forced her head down. I could only imagine that she would have gagged at that moment, but I could not hear. I wondered if her family could.
Mollie let about half his length out of her mouth and began working her head up and down. She was taking his cock at length no problem. Waves began rocking high in the pool as she fucked her face onto this guy's cock. The ladder shook as his hands tightened their grip and he tried to hide his ecstasy from the girl's family behind him. Mollie's hand returned to his balls as she again took his cock all the way down her throat. The guy's head fell back and it looked as if he was nearing his climax. I continued stroking my cock watching in awe of the little whore that was my next-door neighbor.
"Mollie!" She froze with a cock halfway down her throat. Her father's voice always had that affect on her when she was younger and it seemed to still have a tone. "You want these last hotdogs before I get rid of em?"
She popped out from behind the guy. She had an innocent smile on her face. A smile that was an attempt at hiding the whore behind. "No, I'm full Dad!" She swam back coming into view of her on looking Dad.
"He want any?"
Her boyfriend turned to answer, "No thanks, Frank." He smiled awkwardly, his rock hard cock glistened in the guy's daughter's spit. He turned back to Mollie. She watched as her dad threw the hot dogs to their barking dogs. When he returned to the game, her whore glare returned. She swam slowly towards her boyfriend letting her tits bounce in the swaying water. She giggled. As she got closer to him, she grabbed his still hard cock and rubbed it across her chest.
My cock was now throbbing as I watched through the blinds. Five minutes ago, I was jerking off staring at my neighbor's tits in a bikini, now she's fucking her boyfriend with them next to her family. I imagined other neighbors close by that might also have a view of this. Thinking of this once in a lifetime opportunity, I grabbed my phone and flipped on the camera. I zoomed in and panned from each family member's face to the scene in the pool. This video would come in handy for some late night fun, hey, maybe I'd even upload it somewhere.
The blinds rattled as I shifted to my tiptoes and jerked my long card methodically. I started humping my jerking hand to the same rhythm that Mollie was now fucking her boyfriend's cock with her tits. I wished the force would knock the top loose and I would get to see them in all their glory, but at that moment, watching the long shaft smash in between was pushing me to the edge. I don't know how the guy hadn't cum yet.
Mollie returned her mouth to the head of the cock and then went to finish him off. She pulled him to the edge of the ladder and grabbed his balls and the base of his cock in her left hand. With her right hand and her mouth, Mollie jerked and sucked up and down. Slowly at first, then she found her rhythm. For a young girl, she could suck some cock. The guy leaned back on the ladder holding tight.
Mollie's brother dealt another hand of cards. Her mother leaned in and kissed her father. Her sister checked an email on her cell phone, her brother in law fed her baby niece and tried to stop her crying.
The waves in the pool raised and crashed over the edge. Mollie was now twisting her hand up and down the shaft as she sucked fast and hard. I was tempted to open the window to hear the sound of her. The pool filter must be drowning her out. My hand beat furiously up and down my shaft. The blinds rattled off the window.
A voice pulled me out of my orgasmic trance. "Steven?"
The blinds fell free and I jumped back. My other hand released my throbbing solid cock. I stood with my back to the kitchen sink, my pants around my ankles, my cock bouncing up and down, my eyes and mouth wide open, and my sister standing in front of me.
"Are Mom and Dad home?" Her question ended an eternity's long silence. An uncomfortable smile came and went on her face. Her eyes locked on mine neither of us knowing what to do.
"No. Umm. No. They're not. I was aahh -"
She looked down at my cock slowly deflated between my legs and quickly backed away from me.
"I should go." The smile came back and she was gone before it could disappear again. That was my sister. Jacklyn. Small, awkward, quirky. I hadn't seen her since she came to visit me a few Christmas's back. Before that it had been three or four years, then childhood. She left the shit hole as soon as she could. She was damaged goods though. Some guy really laid into her, but I never got the full story, I was too young. All I know is one day she wasn't the little girl I grew up with, next thing I knew she was gone. A little while ago she was watching me jerk off in our parents kitchen. Oddly enough I wasn't embarrassed. I was shocked, but I didn't feel an ounce of shame. It was as if she was just another girl, probably a slut. I remembered the scene outside the window.
The blinds split open and I my eyes darted back to the pool. I missed it. It was over. The guy floated alone on the pool float, the black sunglasses reflecting the sun. Mollie stood at the picnic table wrapped in a towel up to her tits and leaned over her brother Mark and grabbed his bottle of beer.
"Don't drink that!" He grabbed at the bottle, his arm slamming into Mollie's exposed cleavage, she pulled the bottle away.
"It's not like I have coodies!" Mollie took a long swig of the beer and handed it back to him. "That's nasty what is that?"
"Some craft I found, good stuff." Mark took a long swig finishing the rest of the beer. He burped and stood to grab another.
I closed the blinds and held my now soft cock in my hand. What an unfortunate turn of events. Little Mollie Prichard tits in hand sucking some lucky man's dick. My mind wandered to Jacklyn and the look on my sister's face when she saw her little brother, cock in hand. The awkward little smile that covered up everything she was thinking and feeling inside. If she could have been two minutes later I could have at least busted my nut and made the whole situation worthwhile. Now I had a soft cock and blue balls and god knows if she'd tell mom and dad. Why would she? Neither of us have had much dialogue back and fourth with them outside of the standard checking in and holiday/birthday thing. Both of us had been living our own lives practically isolated from the world we knew when we lived here. It's not like Mom and Dad had authority or could punish us, why would she tell?
She'd grown up since I'd last seen her. Not in size, but aged. Not an old lady, she was only 31, but she was just past the prime youthful girl stage. It showed in her eyes. She had seen things, life set in. She was a petite girl. No more than 90 pounds soaking wet. Little over 5 feet. She was wearing a sundress that hung down to her ankles, some hipster type thing. I could tell she wasn't wearing a bra as her nipples poked through subtly. In my frantic state I couldn't take in the whole picture and the dress hid the true beauty of what may lay beneath the dress. I tucked my cock away and figured I'd go say hello.
Our house wasn't large, a simple two story residential, had three bedrooms, a few bathrooms, and of course the front and back windows that offered a young me an introduction into one of my favorite pastimes, voyeurism.
When we were younger Jacklyn's room was in the front of the second floor, it had since been converted to a computer room and that's where I went to find her. In the time I'd been gone, my father must have switched out the normal door for an accordion style door on the room, I couldn't imagine why. I brought my hand up to knock, but first noticed the crack the door had been open. A good two inches wide, I leaned and looked in. The seams of my shorts almost busted.
Inside, Jacklyn sat on the computer chair one leg up on the desk the other swung open. From my vantage point, I could see her fingers working vigorously on her pussy, working circles on her clit. My hand pulled out my cock again and I prayed to god for my older sister to spin that chair 20 more degrees my direction, so I could see all the way into her pussy as she fingered herself.
I stroked my cock hard and fast not needing much to be near climax. My cock throbbed in my hand. I watched as my sister leaned forward and pulled something out from the desk. As she lifted it, I saw it was a large black magic marker.
She quickly stuck an end in her mouth and lubed it up and just as quickly worked it into her pussy. She ran it up and down her pussy lips and then plunged it back in, her other hand went back to work on her clit. That's when it struck me. She was turned on by seeing me. She saw me jerking off in the kitchen and now she was fucking herself in the computer room. That was all I needed.
I blew my load onto the folded door and the floor below. My knees trembled and despite my best efforts, I had to close my eyes and look away from my slutty sister. For a moment I was in a blacked out heaven, a moment, an eternity. I grunted, I must have moaned. She had to have heard me.
I opened my eyes and saw Jacklyn was still forcing the magic marker into her pussy. She didn't seem to hear me. She was moaning soft and heavy now. I stepped back from the door. My cum pooled at my feet and ran in smears down the door. My sister's soft pants were growing louder, was she hoping for me to hear? Her hand worked faster and harder on her clit. The black magic marker now went in from end to tip as fucked herself deep. I tucked my cock away, but it was soon stirring again. This wasn't my sister I was looking at; my cock didn't think so at least. Fuck it, my mind didn't either. Or at least I didn't care. This woman was getting herself off thinking of me and my cock, how couldn't that turn me on? Why shouldn't I stroke my cock and watch her? Hell, why shouldn't I walk in there and give her a hand. She was nearing her orgasm and why shouldn't I be the one to give it to her. The way I saw it that was my orgasm I should be the one giving her authority to cum. She had stopped me from cumming earlier, so it was only right.
I slid the door open. The smell of pussy slapped me in the face. It was delicious. Jacklyn spun the chair 20 degrees my direction. I looked down and saw her pussy spread wide around the black magic marker, one hand pinching her clit. Her pussy was shaved. Her lips a light pink and puffy. She quickly pulled the dress down, it couldn't cover the smell.
"Steven!" She yelled my name again, this time the smile didn't appear. Just shock.
"I'm already getting used to you scream my name."
She didn't get the joke. "I'm sorry, I was just -"
"You were fucking yourself with a black magic marker."
My words caught her off guard and left her speechless. Her face shocked, her jaw slacked. Sweat gathered on her forehead from the fucking she gave herself and the orgasm that she was on the brink of.
"Weren't you?"
She shook her to and cleared her throat. "Yes, yes I was."
"You was what?" I asked her quickly and firmly.
"What?" She was still lost in shock.
"You were fucking yourself with the black magic marker, weren't you?"
"Yyy..yes." She stuttered.
"Then say it."
She didn't hesitate, but the words came out forcefully. "I was fucking myself with the black magic marker."
"I know you were, it's still in your pussy. Isn't it?"
"Yes."
"Leave it there. I'm going to let you finish, but first I have a question."
"What?" She could only get out one word at a time.
"You saw me jerking off, because I was watching our slut neighbor titty fuck her boyfriend in the pool and you walked in. Now, I saw you fucking yourself with a black magic marker in the computer room, why?"
She looked back speechless. She leaned back in the computer chair as if she was being interrogated. I stood above her at the door staring her down.
"I asked why?"
She trembled. It could have been fear or it could have been the orgasm she was on the brink of when I walked in, but I couldn't' tell. She tried to speak, but words didn't come. Again she cleared her throat. The words and the sweat voice that followed will live with me forever. She licked her lips. "Because I thought you may like to watch."
Her eyes lifted and found mine. She looked like a kicked puppy. My cock lurched to full mast. I couldn't speak; I couldn't find the words to say. My sister just admitted to me that she was getting herself off hoping that I would watch her. I didn't know if I wanted to jerk off, fuck her, or play the lotto.
My hand reached for my cock, a reflexive reaction. My cock was harder than it was watching Mollie; I thought it was going to explode. I pulled it out and she just sat there watching. With my free hand I pulled at her dress, I still couldn't speak. She lifted it up; the magic marker was half way up her pussy. She worked it back and fourth.
We work masturbating together, but she was performing for me. I was in charge. Her eyes never left mine as worked her hips in a circular motion humping the marker as she worked it in and out teasing her pussy lips. I leaned forward and ripped the top of her dress down. I was right, no bra. Her tits were small little handfuls with nipples that pointed straight up. Perky. Cute. With her dress raised above her pussy and pulled down below her tits, I could take in the almost fully naked site of my sister. She was small. Freckled in a few cute places. Her pussy had a bit of hair.
I stroked my cock faster and faster as she squeezed her tits. The marker never stopping working in and out. She was nearing her climax. She was obviously getting off on being a submissive whore for her little brother. Her eyes closed. Her hand went from her tit back to her clit and she worked hard at it. Just as she was about to cum, I grabbed her hand.
"What...what are you-"
"You don't cum unless I tell you to." I never stopped stroking my cock.
"What, no, please."
"I said no cum."
"What are you talking -"
"If you want to act like a whore around me, then you will act a whore around me, my whore. And my whore doesn't cum until I tell her to."
She looked as if she'd seen a ghost. Her eyes were wide. She didn't looked scared necessarily, but she confused...and interested.
"But you're still jerking off." She was already defeated.
"That's the point. Now continue fucking yourself with marker, but you will not cum. And play with your tits too."
She didn't put up a fight, she didn't argue, she took a moment and shifted in her seat. She actually did it. My older sister Jacklyn who had given me advice on girls way back in this very room. She took her right nipple into her mouth and massaged her tit. She slowly worked the marker back up to speed. Her moans sounded almost painful. Her pussy must have been on fire, as she needed to cum.
I watched her fuck herself at my command and I was in all my glory. The events earlier in the day were a distance memory as I jerked my cock fast and hard. My small, petite brown haired sister's pussy was bright pink and dripping wet. Her small tits jiggled as she humped hard on her dildo. It didn't take long and I busted my nut where I stood. It was my second orgasm in ten minutes, but it was still a big load. The first load shot far across towards Jacklyn on the chair and landed on her foot. The rest fell to the floor. She continued fucking herself watching me in curiosity and lust.
Outside, a car horn beeped twice. Someone locked a truck door, mom and dad were home. My sister sat up, but I pushed her back. I tucked my cock away and looked to the floor. "Clean this up." I pointed to the marker. "Keep that in." I turned and walked out of the room. "You are not to cum until I tell you to."
Looking back, I saw Jacklyn sit up and fix her dress. Flustered. The look on her face said a million words. What have I done? Mostly.
"Hey!" I snapped her out of her daydream. She looked to me. "Clean this up too."
I smiled pointing at the cum covered door and floor outside. Before running downstairs, I stopped in the bathroom to get changed and freshen up. That was the first step in my conquest of Elba Avenue.