Tuesday.
Noon crept around stealthily. That, or certain tenants of the Brownstone, affectionately called Angelica House, without a sign saying so, were just really wiped out tired. Angelica having been the name of Naomi Carpenter's late great Grandmother, last name Bishop. A very biblical name without a religious influence. Still, a very good woman in her day.
After a horrifying early morning for Crystal Balou, her emotions had taken their toll. Having been raped without the hardcore act of manhood within, unless counting a threesome of fingers, okay, yeah she was raped, Crystal had gone into a coma. Slumber much needed, even under the circumstances of being handcuffed, with a ball gag dangling around her neck, she found herself in the care of newly minted friend Gavin Lee Reese. Gnarly to his fans.
Her apartment keys locked in her abandoned car blocks away, she barely got home without further drama, having clung to the shadows of the night, as nude as the day she was born. She had gone streaking in her high school days, but that was nearly ten years ago. The act itself didn't bother her, it was not knowing if her stalker, rapist, was following her, laughing at her predicament. Being a Police Officer with serious connections, her assailant Roy Brennon had her in a bind. She knew she didn't want framed for some trumped up charge, or sent to prison. She wouldn't survive prison. He had already warned her that family and friends would face his wrath if she disobeyed him, or talked.
Having not given Gavin the knowledge he needed, the Rocker chose a withdrawal tactic, leaving her cuffed to sleep on his sofa until morning. Morning now being 12:05 PM. Eyelids fluttering she stares about eying her surroundings. Not a whole lot. New sofa. A small TV on a bookshelf. Coffee table, end table with a lamp, very small circular dinette with the flaps down. A lone framed photograph of Gnarly with his parents, taken just before he moved to Chicago from Iowa on a bookcase shelf by itself. Groaning she realizes three things. One, her wrists were rubbed raw by the cuffs, a light blanket was draped over her nakedness, and the most important thing? She needed to pee.
Sitting up on the second attempt her blanket slipped to the floor. Knowing she couldn't get to her own apartment, being locked out, key in her car still, she stands up. Dancing at a full bladder, she locates his bathroom door, next to his bedroom.
"What man shuts his bathroom door?" She rolls her eyes. Tapping it with her shoe it didn't budge. "Fuck! Gnarly's still sleeping." Snoring loudly at that. She knew he had shut his bedroom door last night before she passed out, now however that door was ajar. Likely left that way when he stepped out to cover her up. That alone made her relax, it showed that he cared, even if he did leave her in a compromising position. Turning backwards to the bathroom door, she attempts to turn the knob. Wondering why she didn't attempt that with the Brownstone's front porch she chalked it up to stress. She wasn't thinking clearly. As it opens she scurries in without a light and examines the toilet. "What man puts the toilet seat down?" With a pucker she sighs, "A good man."
Using her shoe she uses her toe to up lift the seat up. Sitting down in rapid fashion she relieves her aching bladder. As she finishes she eyes her coochie, then a roll of toilet paper. "Dammit! Air dry it is. Ewww!" Hygiene was very important to her. Not today. The scent of urine alone wrinkled her nose. Of course, having been finger fucked into a flood of stimulation didn't help her body odor. Perfume only a temporary hero. Casting an awkward knee up, she flushes the toilet.
What now? She couldn't step outside his apartment for help, settling for return to the sofa. The less people knew of her situation the better. She didn't want anyone slipping up and calling the Police out of concern. Especially her landlady Naomi. Roy had already mentioned her after seeing that she had called, just before destroying her cell and kicking it into the sewer. Losing that phone had created all kinds of chaos. There went her Uber app to make money. Loads of numbers for people and places that she hadn't memorized. She was due to work at Barbarians tonight, tomorrow off at least. Maybe she could switch nights to give her time to think things through. Of course, Roy might not appreciate her deviation. While upset over his controlling asshole threats, the less she resisted the better for everyone she knew, including her. Not that she wanted to be any man's sex slave, she really didn't have much choice. Fleeing would only hurt loved ones. Added to the fact her budget was tight as it was, getaway cash was limited. Her biggest fear was just what Roy might demand of her. After seeing the face of the Officer, whom had pulled her over in the early morning, flick his tongue at her, she just knew the Police line up was going to be reversed. Not in her favor. Wanting to cry some more she huffed her cheeks, tilting her gaze toward Gnarly's bedroom.
"I need my life back. Time to wake up my Jailer." She frowns, "At least he's a good looking Jailer." Rolling her eyes at her thoughts, certainly not the time she stands up and strides toward the bedroom door. His burley snarls aggressive. Facing the Lion's den she uses her hip to usher the door wide. Big mistake.
Eying him laying in bed, he was totally nude sprawled out on his back. His beast hard but drooping slightly to the left. Even in his slumber the Rocker maintained a regal stature. Whining under her breath she couldn't take her eyes off of it. "Why me?"
After standing there uncertain of waking him, she concluded she had very little choice. The cuffs were killing her circulation. Under better conditions, being cuffed in the presence of hot stud muffin might be thrilling. Okay, still thrilling. "Stop thinking about sex." She shakes her head. How could she possibly ponder such a thing after Roy? Turning her back to Gnarly she lowered her gaze, taking in a deep breath before a sudden directional lift of her chin. Now looking up at the ceiling she exhales. "Whatever."
Turning on her heels, she decides to crawl up on his mattress at the foot of his bed. There she quietly moves toward Gnarly, eventually getting the nerve to straddle the 6'3 Rocker's torso. Her sudden weight over him he snores his last. Breaking chorus his eyes barge open with a groggy narrowing.
"Wake up Sunshine." She frowns.
"If you're looking for a lock pick, I think my dick might be too large."
"HAHA! Thanks for being here for me. Don't read too much into the seating arrangement. Just getting your attention."
"Oh, you had my attention at Cub jersey."
"Awww! Gnarly? I know you want to help me but, I...can't involve you. If I say too much loved ones with pay for my loose lips." She grits her teeth at her choice of words. "Not these lips." She glares down at herself. "Not a hooker. Thought of being an escort. Anyways...Just please get these cuffs off. Help me figure out a way to get Naomi's master key for my apartment, so I can get dressed, and get my other car key. That is if my car hasn't been towed already."
"Yes or no...Bad Cop?" She nods a reluctant confirmation. "Rape you?"
"I guess you could say that. No intercourse except rough fingers. Gnarly? Please...I can't give you all the gory details. It's safer if I don't. For myself, and you. Naomi too." She groans at how much she was revealing.
"He's only one man."
"No. He had help." She closes her eyelids, puffing her cheeks. "Another cop pulled me over. Roy must have been a ride along."
"Roy is his name?"
"Dammit!" She tilts her head back gruffly, "Uggggggh! Yes, his name is Roy Brennon."
"So, other Cops are helping him."
"Yes. I don't know how many is the problem. That scares the hell out of me. Roy told me to obey him whenever he calls or he would find a way to punish me. Whether it be planting something on me to get me arrested...or others. Gnarly? I don't want him to stop Naomi and plant drugs or something. Just let me figure this out, even if I have to endure his fucked up desires."
"I have your back Blue. Front too, at the moment." He rubs his chin eying her gorgeous breasts, well poised due to her tilted back shoulders. Cuffs did wonders.
"Only you would think about sex when I'm in bad situation."
"Bad at this very second?"
"Shit!" She laughs at herself. "Nooo! I like it here. Dammit, Gnarly. I must be out of my mind. I've felt your dick throbbing under my ass since I took a seat. Don't think for a second I haven't considered..."
"Hopping on?" He smirks.
With a winced expression she hops up and down on him roughly, not sexually, but as a get even "FUCK YOU!" that was never verbalized. The wind taken out of his sails he chuckles.
"I'll settle for that. Hop off I'll get dressed, and get you into your apartment."
"Got anything I can wear in the meantime?"
"Yeah." He stretches over to his bedside stand and retrieves a sleeping mask. Her eyes bulge.
"Don't you dare." She reacts avoiding his playful advances.
"Might as well complete your bondage act."
"Stop!" She begins giggling, knowing he was only teasing her. Having been molested or not, Crystal Balou needed a good laugh. "Be serious."
"Fine!" He drops the blinder to the mattress.
Eying it laying there she sighs, "Not what I meant."
"Well now!" He snatches up the mask as she leans forward. He moves the elastic band around her head and positions the blinder over her eyes. "I hate losing those big blue eyes."
"Right now I'm living in dark times Gnarly. I might as well get used to it." She drops over him and wiggles her body into a stretched out relaxation. Letting her lips roam his chest and neck, made Gavin feel guilty. Stopping her by gripping her shoulders, she hesitates.
"We don't have to do this Blue."
"Shut up and seduce me. Before I change my mind."
Reaching his muscular arms downward he squeezes both of her ass cheeks, scooting her body higher. Feeling her nipples trail his chest hair he rolls his eyes. Her lips located his. They kissed for a steamy ten minutes straight. Wrists aching or not, she enjoyed her dilemma.
Rolling her over carefully so as not to hurt her arms, he storms her body in trailing kisses. Neckline pelts took her breath away. Bruises avoided as best he could, knowing their tenderness must be agony, he mouths her nipples and inhales their succulence. She whimpers at his considerate torment.
"Gnarly..." She calls out, not even wanting a reply. He didn't. She wished that her hands could reach out for him. Unable to she thanked God for this man. Not for his concern for her well being, but..."God, I love it when you swirl your tongue around my areolas." He could feel her nipples growing within his mouth. Without a sound he continues his journey. Kissing down over her abs, he wags his tongue inside her belly button. Giggles and huffs of pleasure are offered up. As he moves lower she whimpers, warm breath from his nostrils tempting her micro thin strip of pubic hair. Suddenly, she arches her hips.
"Gnarly? I'm...unclean. Since Roy, and I just peed in your restroom." Ignoring her he devoured her pussy anyway. "Ohhhhh, fuck! Thank you Gavin." She squealed at his tongues burrowing within her. No fingers applied for fear of her emotions Gavin merely fed. She couldn't have been happier. Cumming beneath his tongues desirable intrusion Gnarly continued his feast. Not until a second flood dousing his chin, did he relent. Breathless, she lay there as he moved lower lifting one leg after another kissing every inch until reaching her heels.
"Should have took those off earlier. Wasn't thinking."
"At least I was wearing something around you." She giggles as he gently removes them, massaging her feet makes her coo. "That feels delightful." Sucking on her toes, even more of a surprise. "I've...never had my toes sucked on. Very nice"
Shocked further he guides her over on to he belly. Moving back upward, he kisses her legs up to her ass. There she lifts her hips as his exhales glaze between the crevice of her shapely ass. After a good number of kisses over her cheeks he pries them apart before licking her anal button. Her mind reeled at the unexpected sensations. "Another first. Oh my God!" He tortured her pucker for five minutes, eying her cuffed hands looking rough in places from being worn so long. Tempted to halt his love making quest, he hears her questioning his hesitation.
"Please don't stop."
Another two minutes he gives her what she needed. Hopeful that this excursion was the right thing to do. In a brash move his knees pry her legs wider. She complimented his approach by spreading as wide as possible. Feeling the tip of his crown teasing her cheeks, she moans. Slapping both cheeks with his dick in a playful paddling, Gnarly lined his beast up to her tight little pussy and slowly penetrated her. Hearing a deafening, "Yesssss!" her quivers led him to believe she was happy.
Hovering over her back, he thunders forward at an increasing rate. Each insertion hearing a begging, "Oh God!" his retreat a disappointed, "Nooo!" Back and forth he heard her exhausted pleas. Finally, he chuckles and reaches up to her neck for the dangling ball gag. She knew what he intended and opened her mouth wide for it to be applied. Her fingers digging up at his belly for attention. Rising to his knees he abandons her touch in favor of guiding her hips higher. Knees lifting her along with his encouragement he fucks her doggy style relentlessly. In a rash move Gnarly grips the cuffs between her hands and drags her higher still. Her face buried into his mattress. Lost in her moans, there was no pain. His other hand swats her ass cheek five dramatic times, each impact she rallies a muffled, "Fuck yes."
Seeing her ecstasy he goes further. Hand leaving her reddened cheeks reaches North to snatch up her blond hair. Tugging her head back she cries out her compressed desires. "Haaardr."
The gift destroyed her mind. Not only did she have a screaming orgasm, but she stained his bedding beyond hope. For an hour he ravaged her holes. Moving from pussy to anal. He heard, 'Owwww!" more than a few times. Every time he considered stopping she whimpered, "Mooooore!" Smirking he stayed on track. Watching his buried beast slipping in and out of her anus, gave him pleasure. He enjoyed seeing himself in beautiful women. Crystal Balou was in a class by herself. He never skipped class. Except to get stoned.
Feeling himself ready to shoot a wondrous load, he decides to pull out of her ass and pepper her cheeks. Cooing at his guttural grunts, and falling raindrops she quakes. Exhausted sounds leaving her, she hears water running in his bathroom. Obviously, he was cleaning himself up. She lay there breathing heavy with the biggest smile she had ever had. Within her mind she counted her blessings. "Thank you Gavin. I could get used to that." That of course she kept to herself.
Hearing the water shut off, Gavin dons his sweats, before plucking up jingling keys. Chin lifted she mumbles, "Don't leave me like this." in garbled words. He most certainly did. She struggled but stayed put.
Across the hall he goes to Crystal's apartment door and unlocks it. He had Naomi's Master keyring due to his work on the third floor vacancies all along. She trusted Gavin not to abuse them by entering the other apartments. She knew he wouldn't without good reason. Entering, Gavin took in her own furnishings. crystal had taste. Baseball memorabilia everywhere he looked. Pictures on the wall of family, obviously a tight knit bunch. Certainly Cubs fans, photos in Wrigley Field all over the collage. One picture stood out, Crystal and another Man. Pretty safe bet they were in love. Handsome devil to be sure.
Halting his snooping, he found her extra car key in a bowl on her dresser. She was a neat freak, everything had a place. Hitting her closet he discovered her Cubs jersey, knowing very well it fit her. Recalling the shorts she wore that day in her dresser drawer he snatched them up. Now all he had to do was figure out how to get those cuffs off of her.
Heading back to his apartment he sits her things on his kitchen counter. Snapping up his Jeep keys he headed down to look through his tool kit for something to use. It took awhile.
In his absence, a certain Colombian Goddess noted him leave. Opening her door, she sneaks across the hall, entering Gavin's domain. Even after him telling her no to other things, he did say that she could do his laundry. Noticing Crystal's clothing and key on the counter she smiles. "Maestro ha estado ocupado." Yes, he certainly had been busy.
Tiptoe, Isabella spies Crystal on his bed through the opened door. Grinning from ear to ear at Crystal's predicament, until she notes the harshly stained sheets. That was not acceptable. Without a word she marches in, and begins stripping the bed. Crystal knowing someone was there presumed it was Gnarly. Griping at being bound, still in her blindness, she's forced to roll over on the mattress enabling Isabella to remove the fitted sheet.
"What the hell Gnarly?" Crystal gasped, as she loses her battle, the sheets entirely tugged away, and bunched up in Isabella's arms. Leaving Crystal with her mind blown, Izzy takes the sheets to her apartment and places them in her clothes basket. Gnarly's door left ajar.
Five minutes later Gnarly returns with his tool box. Seeing his door open he bulges his eyes. Without warning Isabella exits her apartment singing along to her iPod. Moving past him swiftly, she pinches his ass, and barges into his apartment. Before he could stop Izzy, she rounded his dinette marching right up to his bed. Gavin grit his teeth at her insistence. Singing aloud to Conchita's song, Tres Segundos, Izzy climbs on the mattress between Crystal's legs and produces a hair pin from her raven locks. Izzy had a beautiful singing voice.
"Well I'll be damned." Gnarly huffs as the Colombian beauty picks the cuffs locking mechanism with ease. "Smart girl."
Feeling a release of her shackles Crystal whimpered, "YESSSSSS!" Before she could roll over Isabella wipes a finger over Crystal's damp bottom gathering wetness of Gavin's cum and licks her fingertip, offering him a devastating mile, and bright brown eyes. Slipping away as Crystal removes her blindfold and ball gag she sees Izzy waltz past Gavin in the doorway.
"Diviértete Maestro." Have fun indeed.
"What just happened?" Crystal dropped her jaw.
He notes his bedding gone, and winces toward his front door with a chuckle. "Looks like laundry day. Our resident escape artist saved me a hour of trying to snip those cuffs off."
He lifts his tool box with a scowl. "Not much in here was gonna make it easy."
"Unbelievable. I suppose I should thank her later."
"Gut tells me Izzy knew those cuffs weren't the toy kind. She's somethin'." He sits his tool box down beside his door, "Oh! Got your keys and a change of clothes."
"Naomi knows?"
"Not yet." He dangles the Master keys before her. "I had her apartment keys already."
"WHAT? You could have let me in earlier?" She leaps to her feet fuming, fists clenched until the rawness of her wrists make her wince.
"Could have...didn't. You needed to open up about this crap Blue."
Glaring at him bitterly she lets out a devastating, "FUCK!" In less than a heartbeat she charges Gnarly and leaps into his arms. Kissing him on the mouth so hard he nearly toppled backwards. Teetering he squeezes her ass as her legs wrapped his waist. Five minutes later, with arms around his neck she looks him in the eyes. "Thank you Gnarly."
"Anytime, Blue."
"More often." She giggles. "Once I figure a way out of this."
"I'll help you out. Just gotta be smart about it."
"Roy can't think you know about him."
"Brought you some clothes." He motions with a shift in profile. "Got you car key too. I have a small gas can in my Jeep. We can go get your car. If Roy's watching he'll think you ran out of gas and I gave you a lift back to your car."
"Good idea. Can I get down now?" She nibbles her lower lip.
"Sure." He carries her to his bed and hurls them on to it. Another fifteen minutes of passionate kissing, led to sweats being tugged down. Another penetration sends Crystal over the edge. A lasting impression makes her fall in love. A hasty shower together polishes off their serenity.
Dressed now Crystal sneaks home for more comfortable shoes. Gnarly also fully attired in jeans and a vintage Queensryche T-shirt he had bought online from their Operation: Mindcrime tour, headed back to his Jeep. Tool box placed in back, while there he checks his small gas can for gas. Barely any in it, he decides it didn't matter. He could feign its contents while filling her tank. It was all an act in case Bad Cop Roy or any of his cronies were keeping her car under surveillance.
Waiting on Crystal he decided that maybe it wasn't smart of him to be seen so early in the game. He might need to enter her situation at a better time. Gnarly was into strategy and up until now he hadn't had time to survey the battle zone. He knew he couldn't tell anyone what was going on with her, out of the confidence building he and Crystal had achieved in the short time of his rescue. Naomi couldn't know, at least not yet. The landlady was a bit headstrong. She would understand Crystal's plight but would want to do her part in dealing with Roy. Gnarly nor Crystal wanted to endanger her. Who then? Not many of the ladies in the Brownstone had a car.
Just as he decided there wasn't an option he had a brain fart. The Uber driver needed an Uber. Looking one up on his cell he discovered one that might create less stress on Crystal, another female but of obvious Muslim origin. Before calling upon the woman he chose to consult Crystal first. Heading inside the Brownstone he marched into Crystal's apartment without even a knock. She was in her kitchen grabbing a juice from her fridge.
"Trying to think smart here Blue." He raises his cell screen showing her his Uber idea.
"So I resort to calling one of my own to get a ride to my bread and butter?"
"Here's my concerns. Roy doesn't know me at this point. Wouldn't it be better to stay behind the curtain until I'm really needed? I will NOT abandon you."
"I know you won't." She pats his chin. "Actually, I know that girl. Not many Muslim women drive. Fatima's a rare case, her husband doesn't object to her occupation. He's a Caucasian American. Retired military. Lots older than Fatima."
"I didn't know that Muslim women didn't drive all that much."
"Yeah, places like Arabia just recently began allowing women to drive in their country. I see what you're doing. I had her private number in my cell but no more cell thanks to Roy. I might need your cell to reset a few things once I get a new phone. After I get my car I'll swing by Sprint and purchase a new one. I've got insurance so at least it shouldn't cost me a small fortune. Time for an upgrade anyway. Go ahead and request Fatima before she gets another fare." He hands her his cell allowing her to do it. Having never used Uber in his life he figured she would be quicker. Once done she passes his cell back to him.
"Guess we won't need the gas can now."
"Right! I'll just have her drop me off and get the car. Things should be alright for now. I don't really believe Roy will push his luck so soon. I'm more worried about working at Barbarians tonight. After work he might be waiting on me."
"I'm there if you need me, even though I start my part time job tomorrow."
"Thanks Gnarly. Just promise me you won't do anything to land yourself in jail. I don't have enough money to bail you out."
"Me neither." He frowns. "Let's hope it doesn't come to that."
"I know this sounds crazy but I'd rather endure Roy's crap than see you locked up because of me."
"We deal with this a step at a time."
"If I don't resist him I won't get all bruised up or worse. It's bad enough I'll need to wear a more conservative outfit tonight to avoid red flags. Easy enough to say rough sex in a club scene. Guys love that. Even the club owner has a pervy side. He and his wife. There's a few other people at the club that know Roy is infatuated with me. I'm pretty sure they might assume these bruises are from him. I'll need to make them believe otherwise. Too bad we can't use the excuse I hooked up with a rough and tumble Metalhead." She smirks.
"You object to my stopping by Barbarians later tonight? Introduction to the owners? Maybe land a job there two days a week?" He rethinks that idea, "Trouble is I'll need to probably keep Friday and Saturday nights free due to my newest part time job. Their busiest nights most likely."
"No I don't mind you stopping by, a comfort in knowing you're close by means a lot. Just don't go digging into anything about Roy. He doesn't know you as of yet. We should keep it that way. Safer don't you think? What's that job?"
He nods understanding her worry. He certainly didn't want trouble unless it became unavoidable. "Roadie for the band Milkbone. Setup before shows. Designated driver."
"That sounds fun. You get to be around the music you like."
"Connections everywhere. Starting with them is smart."
"Good for you." She eyes the clock on her kitchen stove. "I better head down. Fatima should be here shortly."
"Alright. Be careful." A tender hug led to a peck on the cheek.
Following her out they hear a loud squeal coming from upstairs. Gnarly grins knowing the voice. With a wink toward Crystal the two parted ways, the blond meeting her ride on the street out front. She luckily had a twenty stashed away at home to pay her fare.
Seeing her on her way Gavin took a stroll upstairs to see tenant Vicki Chow inspecting her new bicycle. Sneaking up on the Chinese beauty he stands with arms folded. Listening to her giddy reaction to the brand new bike, eyes sparkling.
"I didn't buy you a new outfit. Didn't know your size."
Startled Vicki in her kneeling position looked his direction with fingers over her mouth. A wince guided him to assist in her rising to her feet.
"Still pretty sore?"
"Better, but yes. You did not have to buy me a new bicycle. Could not my old one be repaired?"
"Frame was bent. You're back in business once your wounds heel. Probably should have called a..." He refrains from saying a cop after knowing about Roy. Not that all Police Officers were bad, just leaving him with a hesitant taste at the moment.
"I did not see the other driver well enough to give an Officer any description. As long as I am alive."
"Gotcha!"
"Please forgive this one for being a burden." She shies away.
"No burden. Friends help friends. If you ever need anything let me know."
"A massage might help me heal faster." She blushes hiding her smile.
"Quit that." He reaches over and turns her profile to face him. "Smiles are meant to be noticed."
"I was raised to hide my emotions. That is why I moved to America. To begin my own journey."
"Where you from?"
"Hong Kong. My family...is very traditional. They are very unhappy with my decision to move here. I wish to be independent of them. To make them proud of me."
"You're in law school right?"
"On hiatus as the American's say. I am taking what few courses I can online in the meantime. My grant has run out. Not to mention my VISA only has 28 more months before it expires."
"Not nearly enough time to finish law school even if you were financially able to. Sorry to hear that Vic."
"I work very hard to save money. I will pay you back for your kindness."
"No...you won't. When and if I ever need something from you I know you will be there for me."
"Yes. Anything." She blushes.
"About that massage. There's a gal in the building who does that for a living right? Only lady I haven't met you. Kelly wasn't it?"
"Yes. She has not returned from her trip."
"Vacation?"
"Perhaps more." She shies knowing the truth. "She...accompanies Men."
"Escort?"
"Yes."
"Hey if it pays the bills." He chuckles. "Tell you what...I have a few things I wanna get done before I start my part time job tomorrow. If you're still awake later I'll give you a massage. No strings attached. Don't you try nothing." He points at her winking.
"You have seen my shyness. I could not..."
"Quit faking it already. I saw ow you acted when Heather looked you over in your bra and panties. You wanted me to see you. Even that first day I was in your apartment you wanted to play with yourself. Shy then but it was on your mind. You can't fool me Ms. Chow."
"You moved your shoes outside."
"Yeah, I didn't realize I might be disrespecting your culture by wearing shoes in your apartment."
"In China I might have objected. I find myself making the same mistake. You may bring them in."
"Actually? I might need my shoes back." He grins. "When I visit I'll leave them outside. Otherwise I'll keep them at my place."
"They are your shoes." She shyly smiles.
"Alright." He steps around her to pick up his footwear. In standing he finds her closer to him than she had been. Looking down at her she kneels in front of him. "Ummm! Whatcha doing?"
"Your lace is untied."
"Ohhh, right! I don't know what I was just thinking."
"You are a man. I know what you were thinking. As you said earlier...no strings until they are attached." She ties his shoe then bows over his feet before standing.
"Not quite what I was thinking." He laughs.
"I will await my happy ending." She blushes and moves around him to enter her apartment. A final shy grin she closes the door.
"Damn!" Shaking his head Gavin headed back downstairs. Dropping his shoes off at his apartment he decides to check the mail on the first floor front landing. Curious to see if his address change had gone active. The mailboxes were in the front entry. Key in hand he opens his narrow box to find nothing.
Peering outside he noticed Crystal still waiting on her ride. Grimacing he opens the front door for a draft of fresh air.
"Running late?"
"Guess so."
He decides to step out further and sit on the front step, "Keep me in the loop Blue."
"I will. Unless I think it endangers you. I owe you one Rockstar."
"You don't owe me anything. I just want you to be safe."
"We both know this is going to get worse."
"Probably so. Well figure this out together. Don't even try pushing me away."
"Here she comes now." Crystal avoids his versatile threat. Pulling up to the curb was a Blue Kia Sorento. Windows rolled down Gavin could see the driver. As Crystal got in back the driver Fatima waved at Gavin. She was gorgeous even wearing a pale lavender Hijab.
"Dang! Her drivers Gal Gadot." He smiles waving back. "Fast and the Furious 20." He chuckles to himself as Fatima bats her eyelashes at him with a sly grin. Crystal looking his way while talking to Fatima shakes her head. Rolling down the back window the blond leers out.
"Fatima thinks you're sexy."
With another wave Fatima sets the SUV in motion. Long gone Gavin stands up stretching.
"I love women."
Gavin smirked knowing he had it going on. As he headed back indoors he hears a growling scream that makes him halt in his tracks. Wincing at the disturbance he starts to knock on his landlady's door out of concern. It was then that he hears her talking to someone with an agitated voice. Deciphering the word Mother made him turn tail and run. None of his business.
Returning to his apartment once again he takes time to scarf down some potato chips. Lays! Can't eat just one. Glass of tap water to quench his thirst, he snatches up Naomi's Master keys before heading back up to the third floor. Once more checking on his prior sanded cabinets which was ready for painting he tours the rest of the apartment. Using his cell to snap pictures of tasks that he considered running by Naomi to get the apartment ready for rental, he sighs at the shape things were in. Leaving one apartment he journey's into the second vacancy for similar snapshots. That apartment was in far worse shape than the other. This apartment had ripped wallpaper everywhere. Appliances were old and dented. Both the toilet seat and the claw tub had a crack in it, shower curtain ripped from its rings and dangling. Some things were cosmetic enough to fix easily, others not so much. Deciding on what he could do without bothering Naomi he uses his pocket knife to remove very similar cabinet doors in the kitchen and the bathroom basin. Hinges old and cranky come loose after a bit of strenuous encouragement. A quick journey to the apartment across the hall he brought his work gloves and sandpaper over and began sanding. Two hours later he had accomplished a miracle. The doors looked good. More to paint once Naomi brought the goods.
Opening a window he leans out for some fresh sunshine. Lingering there he notices the Brownstone behind Naomi's. Two things caught his eye. It appeared as if a tour was going on outside as a very dapper African American male in a three piece suit took notes on what he presumed was the exterior condition of the buildings foundation. He too was taking pictures of things that obviously needed repaired. A second man who was dressed rather slumlord showed him around.
Secondly, he looked up a bit to see the Telescope boys watching his Brownstone's rooftop again. From their reactions it was obvious that someone was up there for them to watch. He concluded that it might be Beth sunbathing. Good girl he thought.
Just before backing away he heard the back door open and close below him. Another look out he spots Naomi dressed to kill in a white dress and large white earrings. In her hand was a folder. Curious he stood there watching a bit longer. She walked across her parking lot and entered a back gate leading toward the men outside. Reaching them she hugs the black man who in turn kisses her on the cheek.
"Huh! Wonder who Billy Dee Williams there is? Good looking fella." It was obvious they knew each other very well, his hand on the small of her back as he points out certain features on the Brownstone. This Brownstone had small balconies off of each apartment. Rusty railing that appeared loose in some of the apartments a topic of conversation. Definitely not up to code. As the man moved his hand slyly to rub her ass Gavin chuckled. He laughed harder seeing her reach behind her and remove it. The pudgy Slumlord merely shook his head at their behavior. Sad to say even he was checking out Naomi, rubbing his stubbled beard with amusement. As the trio finished their backyard tour they walked around the side of the house. Again Gavin attempted to get back to work when one last thing caught his eye.
Down the back alley Police car crept through at an angle. Turning around rather than driving past the Brownstone's lot. Seeing the driver Gavin snatched his cell out and zoomed in what he could taking a picture.
"That you Roy?" He wondered. He would show Crystal later for a confirmation or paranoia hunch. He heard whistles distracting his photoshoot knowing well it was the Wolf call Brothers across the way. Pocketing his cell he decided to shut the window and lock up for now. Temptation led him to the roof. Shirtless, it was hot, he was sweaty.
As the door opened he quickly discovered that it wasn't Beth that was the center of attention. To his right danced two young beauties butt naked and waving their nightshirts.
"Remaking Dancing with Wolves? Where's Costner?" He calls out.
"GNARLYYYYY!" The girls raced to hug Gavin from both sides. Ignoring them, he eyes the men across rooftops. They were casting him a thumbs up. Smirking at his luck he turned his focus on young Amber and Julia's baby sister Brooke.
"What are you two exhibitionists up to?"
"We came up to smoke and saw the guys watching us. We just felt like being evil." Amber bounced in step rubbing her tits on his arm. He tried not to think about those striking pink nipples trailing his bicep and ribcage. Pretty difficult job to say the least.
"Be evil with usssss." Brooke begged reaching her right hand down to rub his crotch. He didn't resist physically. Mentally another thing...
"Now! Now! As tempting as this is I've got...not necessarily better things to do, but things none the less. You two need to behave. You teasing those fellas not knowing them might get you into trouble." He knew they were harmless, but the girls didn't. "Besides that Naomi's across the way looking that Brownstone over. Don't let her see you dancing on the edge. Where's Julia today?"
"Sleeping. That's why we came out here so we wouldn't keep her awake. You wore her out yesterday." Brooke giggles attempting to change his mind while still rolling her palm over his erection. That size change couldn't be helped. The girls were hot as fuck. Yet, something held the Rocker back. Maybe it was the fact his dick was exhausted from so much pussy of late. Naaaa! He just had other things on his mind.
"She dance last night?"
"Yes. Do you think I could be a stripper?" Brooke goaded him with her chin on his bicep.
"Me too. Oh my God! You're so sweaty. I love it." Amber joined in with a hand on his chest rubbing his pec.
Gavin let her continue but tried his best to change the topic. "How's your sister feel about that?"
"It's our lives. We need money. I don't want to sponge off Julia too long."
"At least you have a good head on your shoulders."
"I wish your head was on my shoulders." Brooke grit her teeth at how corny that was. "Okay, maybe not my shoulders. Anywhere else below my neck." She ended it with a snicker.
Amber saved her bestie with a need to know question. "Seriously, Gnarly...do you think we could make money dancing?"
"Pretty sure that's money in the bank...G-string at the very least."
"Can we practice on you?" Brooke winked.
Amber slid her fingers down over his abs, while flaring her eyes toward an equally thrilled Brooke. "I wanna give you a lap dance." Fingertips now dipping an inch below his belt buckle.
"Another day Ladies. Things to do." Amber's fingers were way to close to his peaking crown. Brooke had discovered the zipper on his jeans. That made his decision all the more difficult. Fight or flight took over. "Give Julia my best." He peels their hands away before saluting at the men across the way. They instantly stood tall like cooperative soldiers at his command.
"BEHAVE!" He barks as he starts for the door, a hesitant glance to his left paused his mind, thinking of something he and Naomi laughed about. "Yep! Room enough right there for a stripper pole."
He knew the girls wouldn't listen to him, they were still naked when he reached the door. Standing side by side feeling each other up for the men across the way. Shaking his head he went back inside. He wasn't a babysitter for these barely legals. Still, he had to growl at his erection. It was always fun watching two hot chicks going at it. A cool shower was in order.
"Down boy!" He didn't listen well either.
For the next two and a half hours Gnarly took it easy inside his apartment. A cold shower soothed him and his erection down. For once he chose to leave his beast alone.
Sitting naked on his sofa he flipped channels on his TV. Without cable he didn't have many options other that playing a DVD or a video game. He wasn't in the mood for either one. Settling on a local News channel he took in the weather report and top stories for the Windy City. Nothing special except talk about State and Federal employees not being paid due to a Government shutdown. Hearing them mention a wall along the Mexican border made him laugh. "As if that's going to stop anyone. Probably already tunnels fifty miles into the states. Who needs a mule when we have the ass?"
His thoughts immediately went toward his illegal neighbor Isabella. Too much thought on her plight led to the night she seduced him. His penis growing rowdy he stood up and went to his fridge. A hand full of ice cubes on his balls ended that dilemma. A beer to drown his sorrows helped.
Five minutes of cold boulder as he called his swollen scrotum, he heard a knock on his door. Eying his clock on the stove he shuffled to the door looking out the peep hole. Realizing his guest he cast his ice toward the sink, flicking the melted water from his hand before opening the door.
"Hey!" He spoke as Crystal Balou barged in with a new cellphone. She hadn't noticed his nudity due to her Google search for numbers of places she had on her original cell. "Everything go okay?"
She lowers her cell to spy his erection, "Miss me that much?" Catching herself staring she quickly plopped down on his sofa and found the necessary numbers to add to her phone's contact list. A ten minute phone call to Uber reactivating her status, explaining her situation minus Roy's destroying her old cell, she relaxed a minute. Eying Gavin sitting across from her nude she sighs, "Put some pants on."
"My home, my rules. Now answer my question."
"Nothing happened. I got my car without it being towed away. Went to Sprint and got this beauty almost free of charge. Had to batt my baby blues at the Manager for a few more discounts but I'm back in business. Dammit Gnarly...please put some pants on."
"Afraid you're going to get lucky twice in one day?"
"Not afraid. Trying to stay focused on tonight is all. I have three hours before I go in to Barbarians. Roy might leave me alone but somehow I can't shake the feeling he's watching me."
"He might be." His cell beside her on an end table he stands up stretching over her lap to snatch it up. In the process his cock dangled right over her hand. Wincing from temptation she saw it near enough to grip. She wanted to but froze. Phone in hand he drops down hip to hip beside her and searches his gallery for the pictures he took earlier.
"This Roy?" He shows her an enlarged photo.
"No. I do know him though. That's Brad. He and Roy are friends on the force. If he's snooping that means he's in on this too. Roy probably has me being tailed by dozens of cops."
"Alright. At least I know one face to be wary of." He discovers her staring at him, her blue eyes quivering out of fear. "Come here." He drags her into a sideways hug as she sighs heavily.
"I'm not afraid of Roy at the moment Rockstar." She rests her head on his shoulder. "I'm more stressed over that big hard cock."
Chuckling he looks to his lap, "Yeah! Mind of his own."
"Quickie?"
"Saddle up."
She draws away from him and stands between his parted legs. Taking off her shorts, and thong she straddles his lap. A tender insertion she gasps at his crowns impressive introduction. He assists her shirt up and off of her. A mouthful of nipple she coddles his head, fingers tangling in his hair. Riding him sweetly as they took a moment to just enjoy each other's presence, a deafening exhale led to smoldering kisses. He could get used to this, even if he did like playing the field. She needed to feel safe. In his arms Crystal Balou most certainly did. They enjoyed a good thirty minutes of passion.
Meanwhile, down in the basement Naomi Carpenter, owner of the Brownstone carried a basket of laundry. Reaching the washers she discovers Isabella dancing as her laundry took up both a secondary washer and a dryer. Dancing, as in sitting on an active washer no less.
"Isabella! Please don't tell me that you're..."
"No Naomi solo estoy bailando. I am only dancing. See? My hands are in the air." The Colombian beauty giggled proving that she wasn't masturbating. Wearing only a t-shirt and her thong Naomi would not have put it past the girl.
"You really should start wearing more clothing Isabella. There are other tenants living here. How can you even accumulate laundry when you barely get dressed?"
"Bedding."
"Ah, right! Your online shows must soil the bedding on a daily basis."
"Si. Muy desordenado. Very messy." She fans her right hand with devilish grin.
"You're in better spirits it seems." Naomi feeds her clothing into a free washer. Adding soap and fabric softener to her load. "Has Blake been in touch since the other night?"
"Sí. Me ha pedido disculpas por ser tan rudo. He has apologized to me for being so rough."
"I do speak Spanish. You don't always need to repeat yourself."
"It is good practice. No?"
"True. Isabella? About your not having a green card. That worries me."
"Mister Blake will not let me be deported. He loves me."
"Sweetheart, Blake is married. Do you really think he would ever leave his wife for you? You are only here to satisfy his sexual needs. I hate to break it to you, but if his wife ever does find out about you, he will let you go."
"Then, I will stay with Mister Gnarly."
"I don't think that's even an option Sweetie."
"We can share him." She batts her eyes playfully.
"You have far too much spunk young lady."
"I try to keep an open mind."
"Understood. I just hate to see the day that you might get thrown away by Blake. We've all grown to love you very much."
"I am easy to love."
"Still, we need to figure out how best to keep you safe and in the states." Naomi hadn't considered that it would be bad to assist her. She might escape the Government's wrath by saying she didn't know the truth, that Blake had falsified her immigration papers for his own benefit. Yet, as a wealthy member of the City's elite he would go unscathed by putting the blame on others. "You don't have family here in the U.S. do you?"
"No, estoy solo. Sin familia...I am all alone." She lowers her gaze with a saddened expression, "You are all my familia."
"We think of you as family too. If you were underage I might even adopt you." Naomi sighs leaning against her own washer. Deciding to hop up on her own she trembles, "Oooo! That does feel lovely."
"Si. Now you know why I dance."
The two chose to talk further until the spin cycle made them abandon their seats. That or do the unthinkable. It was worth a good long laugh. At least it got their minds off of the insidious Blake. They would worry about him another day. Naomi had a lot on her mind, not just of this girl beside her. Her earlier dealings clouding her thoughts until now. The cloud cover would return.
10:30 PM.
Gnarly had given Crystal nearly two hours to get to work before dressing up and looking GQ. The man knew style when it was required. Stepping from his apartment he hears a door downstairs open. Heading down he spots the lovely Regina dressed for success.
"Daaaamn! You going dancing with Denzel?"
"Stood up. Intended to meet an old high school boyfriend. Not even a sorry can't make it. Can you believe that shit?"
"Sorry to hear that." He eyes her lack mini dress clinging to her rippling physique. "I'm heading to Barbarians up town. Care to tag along? Seeing as you're dressed to kill."
"Looking sharp yourself Hemsworth." She considers his offer. "What the hell. I'm game."
"Milady?" He extends a hooked arm for her to claim.
"Charming as ever. Don't you start your new job in the morning?"
"Like the City. I never sleep."
"Well, if you're restless later." She winks at him as he opens the back door for her gallantly. Watching her wiggle toward his Jeep he shakes his head, warning his dick to settle down.
"Never know Reggie. Never know."
The drive downtown offered lots of flirting. Regina was in a much better mood. Now that they had gotten to know each other a bit more intimately she chatted up a storm. He loved her sass as much as her ass.
Nighttime traffic was congested. People out and about on a Tuesday seemed amazing of itself. Blinding car lights mingle with the street lamps and the glow of the skyline. Luckily Regina knew the streets well and guided him through the downtown bustle. Reaching Barbarians at night seemed so much harder than in the day. He was a country boy after all.
"Parking garage over there." She points out.
"How much is it?" He scowls knowing already the expense of downtown was outrageous.
"Don't sweat it. I'll cover that."
"No I got it." Pride was speaking once again. Of late too many handouts by women was making him feel lousy.
"Suit yourself. Nothing is cheap in the city. Not even me." She leers without blinking.
"Dressed like that? I believe it."
"You like my dress?"
"What there is of it. Sure." He chuckles.
"That's the point Hemsworth. With a body like mine it shouldn't be hidden."
"I can't argue with that."
"Best not. You know you want more of this." She trickles her fingertips over her every curve.
"Just might. Gotta level with you though. I'm getting a little too much action lately. the boys are a mite tender."
"That's your problem. If I want that bad boy I'm taking him."
"Raping the willing?"
"Let's party Hammer boy."
"Why does everyone keep calling me Thor and Hemsworth? I don't resemble him that much do I?"
"Honey? Not even Ghostbusters ruined that man."
"Umm! Okay. Never seen the reboot I'll take your word on that." He finds a parking vacancy on the third floor and shuts his Jeep off. People were walking toward the stairs going down as they left the Jeep, locking it up.
"Good crowd."
"Place is always busy. This is where the guys go to drag their women out by their hair. Club 'em then club 'em." Regina smirks. "Thus Barbarians."
"Looks to me like an awful lot of ladies like the clientele." They reach the street noting a long line going into the bar. Definitely 60/40 fem.
"What can we say? Girls like a nice hard sturdy timber to make 'em limber."
"What happened to the I'm not easy bodybuilder I met a few days back?"
"Warmed up to ya is all." She draws closer hugging his arm as they cross at the stoplight to reach the sidewalk. Honks pelted Regina's shapeliness making her smile.
"Fan club?"
"Clubs a clubs a club." She winks.
"Damn!"
Standing in line took less time than expected. People coming and going fairly steady got them to the bouncers at the door. One a tall burly black man, the other a massive white woman with blond hair and long braids.
"Hippy Longstockings?" He chuckled.
"Watch what you say. I've seen her at the gym. She can bench 500 easy. I think her name is Gertrude. Swedish."
"Nice."
Showing them ID's the black man nods for them to head inside. Within Gavin got his first look at why the place was known as Barbarians. Guys were all over the ladies like they were in heat. The dance floor popping to the max capacity. Women wearing next to nothing to entice.
"Looks like you wore the right dress tonight. Yours might even have more fabric than thirty percent of these gals." He leaned down to speak over the music for her to hear him.
"I can fix that." She rolls the hem of her stretchy dress up two inches to reveal her lower butt cheeks. "Ohhh! Afrojack is killing it tonight."
"Who?"
"Biggest DJ in the Windy City."
"Where I come from that's called an Auctioneer."
"Funny man. We drinking or dancing?"
"Bit of both. What you tipping?"
"Not cows Farm boy. I'll take a Mojito." Hand in hand they cling to avoid being separated. Not a table to be had they stand waiting in line at the bar. Regina looks high and low before pointing. "There's Crystal. Other end of the bar. Look at that girl go. Tom Cruise would be proud."
"Let me guess, Cocktail reference?"
"Love the classics."
"That was a classic?" He laughs. Easing past him a waitress with long brown hair pinned back into a ponytail catches his eye. Wearing a shoulder less white shirt and a short red micro mini skirt showed off both her long tanned legs and her bulging melons. She had the cutest tiny mole on her left jawline he had ever seen. Regina noticed his interest and smirked. She didn't own the man. Too be honest Regina was checking her out just as much.
"We could invite her home?"
"What? Nahhh! Maybe another time."
"Legs like that and you're saying no?"
"You playing matchmaker?"
"Only if that match sets you on fire."
"Why are you...Ah! I did not know that."
"That I'm bi? It matter?"
"Nope. Long as ya don't get the idea that I am." He laughs.
As the waitress claims a drink order from a male bartender she heads back their direction. With the cluster of people crowding in the waitress is nudged toward Gnarly. Face to face he makes eye contact. Biggest brown eyes he had ever seen. She smiled brightly at him before acknowledging him with a wink.
"Sorry." She found herself nudged even closer trying her best not to drop her tray.
"Don't be." He flirts winking back. "If anyone is sorry it should be me."
"Why?" She winced knowing she should move on toward her customers.
"Eyeballin' you like I am." He lowers his gaze to her massive tits.
"They're not fake." She giggles. "Gotta go Handsome."
Leaving him the waitress admires Regina in passing. A strange chemistry made the waitress pause to check Reggie out. With flaring eyes toward one another Regina uses an index finger to call her back. With zero resistance the brunette returns and leans in for a whispered exchange. The waitress drops her jaw with a dazzling sparkle in her eyes. Looking over at Gavin she whispers back at Regina, nodding in an approving manner. Regina reaches out and kisses the waitress on the lips. Nearly losing her tray of drinks Gnarly swoops in for a save.
"Thanks. See you after work." With a breathless sigh she departs.
"What just happened?"
"Got us a date after hours. You arguing?"
"That would be a no Ma'am."
"Her names Ivy."
"Long as I don't get a rash."
"Now why did you have to ruin that picture? Lines moving." A disgruntled point led him to the bartender. Drinks ordered Gavin eyes Crystal further down the bar. She looked amazing in her blue dress to match her eyes. In her rapid pouring of drinks Crystal glances his way locating him as if he drew her in like a magnet. A gorgeous smile his direction led her back to her mission. At least she knew he was there.
Drinks bought he turns to Regina handing her the Mojito she ordered. Easing out of the drunken driveway they moved out to mingle a bit.
"You here for Crystal?" Regina suspected.
"Told her I might check the place out. I am looking for another part time job."
"You're here for her. Can't lie to me Hemsworth."
"Lil I guess. Not my entire motive."
"Like her?"
"I like a lot of girls. In case you haven't caught on."
"Oh I've caught on. You can have me at snap Hemsworth." She beguiles him before sipping her drink.
"Always a snap coming your way Reg. Long as you don't get too attached. I like my freedom."
"So did my family back in the day." She giggles with poise.
"You didn't just take it there did you?"
"Georgia? You bet your peaches I did. You may look rebel but I know a northside when I see one. Don't think bad of me it just comes with the shade."
"Shade me anytime you want Beautiful." He clinks his bottle faintly against her drink.
"Oh, expect me and Ivy to shade you really good later."
"I'll return the favor." He chuckles, "Gonna be exhausted tomorrow though."
"I'll brew the coffee strong before I let you out of bed."
"How did you get Ivy in thirty seconds or less?"
"Same way you break the stopwatch Hemsworth. When you got it you got it."
"Nice. Mad respect." He looks about him to survey the club and the patrons. Returning in thought he speaks up, "I saw Naomi out back today. Walked across the way to that nicer Brownstone. Met a Lawyer looking fella and I'm guessing the owner of the building."
"Lawyer black? Dressed all Pimp?"
"I suppose so. No purple velvet hat with a feather but sure." He smirks.
"Pretty sure that was Vincent."
"Vincent? As in ex-husband Vincent?"
"Yep! You surprised she was married to a black man?"
"Never really thought about it. I've been in her apartment, I don't recall any photographs of them together even."
"Divorce does that. She put things away to repress memories."
"I can see that I guess. Anyways, I wonder what that was about?"
"Best guess...Vincent is interested in the property. Didn't know it was for sale but I guess Vince oes stay in the loop when it comes to investment."
"Didn't Naomi just sign him off her Brownstone? Why would she want to tie herself down buying in with him on that place?"
"That's her business, not ours. Vincent might be a lot of things but he cares about Naomi. He would only want to help her financially. If they go in together it could make them both a good deal of money."
"Right."
As they absorb the music without further thought on their landlady, Gavin notes a pair of older men strolling through and pointing toward the bar. Following the man's hand he traces it directly at Crystal. To further matters as Ivy walks by them the second man reaches out and pats her on the ass. She looks back at him with a scowl. Realizing who it was Ivy quickly changed her tune, beaming brightly as she waved back. The moment she turns away Ivy's expression changed to that of dread.
"You notice that?" Gavin asks Regina without wavering his gaze at the men. She sips her drink casually peering at an angle.
"Pat down? Common in this club."
"She looked afraid of them."
"When you look as sexy as a young Demi Moore you attract men."
"Damn! She does look like Demi. Maybe a cross between her and Eva Mendez."
"See? You watch movies." She winks at him playfully.
"Still felt wrong. Something in her eyes looked as if she were afraid of them."
"You can ask her tonight after you fuck that girl silly."
"About that."
"Mine all mine." She shakes her head.
"We'll see." He changes his mind.
The two men move toward the bar when a connection is made. Crystal seeing them approach turns pale, her eyes lowering before seeking out Gavin in the crowd. With a darting of brilliant blue eyes Crystal lets him know what he suspected.
"Cops." He mumbles. Regina altering her sight follows his at hearing his barely audible word. It was good that Regina's hearing was on top of things.
"Maybe. It matter?"
"Nahh!" He changes the subject not wanting Regina to catch on further. "So tell me something I don't know about Reggie?"
"Hm! Let's see...I like roller skating. Even considered the Roller Derby circuit at one point."
"I did not see that coming."
"That's the point. Stay in their blind side then strike hard." She motions toward the cops in plain clothing. It was then that Gnarly understood her own set of strategic rules. Regina was smarter than he imagined. "Be right back."
Leaving Gavin she moves through the gauntlet of men. Seeing them flirt with her and get a bit touchy feely on her trip toward the cops she uses the abusers to mask her presence. Going so far as to wrap her arms around the neck of a younger black male standing next to the officers. Hovering next to the Cops she overhears their conversation. Even as her flirtations led to caresses along her hips she gave the man a devoted attentiveness. Swaying in step with him she crept them even closer.
"Evening Crystal." Spoke the balding Officer who had earlier pointed out the bartender.
"Stan." Crystal took a breather from making drinks. "Henry."
"Roy wants you to meet him tomorrow night. Here's the address. Fail him we arrest you. Understood?" Henry passes her a note.
"Yes. I'll be there." She strikes a somber expression. Looking at the note she glances up, "A hotel?"
"You're the room service. Dress for the occasion."
"Waiter outfit?" She rolls her eyes.
"You know what I mean."
"Yeah! It sounds like you plan on being there." She educates a guess.
"2 AM. Any later...you know the consequences." Stan adds, "Bring Ivy. I wouldn't mind a taste of her too."
"I'm not her boss. You want her there you do the talking. I'll be there. Can I get back to work now? The Owner is watching us."
Both men gaze to their right to see a short middle aged man in a turtleneck and sport coat. Beside him a busty blond that reminded him of Charlize Theron with shoulder length locks. The Owner himself a young James Woods.
As they linger Regina staggers her boy toy into backing up into Henry. It was then she let her Mojito slip from her grasps and spill all over Henry's shirt.
"Oh shit! I'm so sorry. Shawn here got a bit frisky and I lost my grip on my drink."
"No problem." Henry scowls at the stains on his shoulder, as Stan picks up the glass from the floor. Luckily it didn't shatter as it hit Stan's shoe rolling off.
"Get the lady a new drink." Stan grins at Regina while passing the empty glass to Crystal. Blue instantly set about making a fresh drink. Patting the bar Stan points at her. "2 AM."
Crystal nods and attempts to smile. The second Regina thanks Stan and again apologizes to Henry the cops abandoned their mission. Leaving the bar after waving at the Owners.
"What are you doing here?" Crystal slides the fresh Mojito toward Regina who waved Shawn away. The boy looked jilted but accepted his fate.
"You in trouble Blue?"
"Gnarly tell you?"
"So Hemsworth knows already?"
"Uggggh!" Crystal groans, "Can we talk at home? My boss is..."
"Right behind you."
"Hi Teagan." Blue stresses.
"Anything we should know?" The Owner's wife looked concerned. The Owner himself taking a stroll letting his wife satisfy her curiosity.
"Nope! Just saying hi to my friend Regina here. We live in the same building."
"Hi." Teagen smiles at Regina as Gnarly cozies up next to Reggie. Teagan eyes Gnarly with a glint of, "Well hello there."
"This is Gavin." Blue introduces them, "He lives in my building too."
"I see. You're a handsome Devil aren't you?"
"Appreciate the compliment. Nice club you have here."
"We love it. A rugged looking man like you fits right in here. Are you...seeing our girl Blue?"
"No! We're just friends." He winks.
"He has a lot of...friends." Regina pats his hand on the bar.
"I bet he does. We're all friends here." Teague wags her eyebrows with a devious grin.
"Gnarly here is looking for a part time job. I told him there might be a spot here and to drop by sometime and I'd introduce you." Crystal accepts a drink order while they chat. Moving like lightning she prepares four drinks in under a minute. Impressive even under duress.
"Gnarly?" Teagan winces.
"Nickname. I go by either."
"By your size I'd educate you're looking to be a bouncer?"
"Anything really. It would be nice not to hurt my bread and butter." He lifts his hands.
"Dare I ask?"
"Only if the question isn't are you a Masseuse?" He chuckles.
"Darn. I could use a good full body." Teagan sighs with a bit of disappointment.
"Don't get me fired before I'm hired." He casts a thumb out at her Husband in the crowd.
"Don't worry about him. We agree to...agree if you know what I mean. So...do tell Mister Hands."
"Guitar player. Moved here from Iowa." He and Regina follow Teague out of Blue's workspace to the end of the bar. "I'm in Chicago looking to join up with a band if it shows up."
"Interesting. What do you do for work now?"
"Record store part time. Roadie for a local girl band starting this Saturday. Ever hear of Milkbone?"
"Of course. Mavis and the girls are insane. I adore them."
"Nice."
With an interesting expression Teagan hisses, "How is...Ginger?"
"Good. She's been pretty nice to me so far."
"Oh?"
"Offered me the job." Gnarly winks at Teagan to let her know that he knew all about his Lawyer friend. "Roadie job that is. For the band." He emphasizes.
"So...Bartending experience?"
"Some. Might need a refresher. I'd be happy bringing up ice and beer bottles."
"It seems such as waste to not display you more. A stud like you could bring in the ladies."
Looking behind him Gnarly chuckles, "No shortage of gals already."
"He already has Ivy around his finger." Regina reveals their date later expressing his swagger.
"Our Ivy? You move fast."
"I had help." He points at Regina's nose with a stern look.
"Isn't Ivy gorgeous?" Teagan sighs, "You're a lucky man." A search for Ivy leads them toward the tables. She was bending over and her butt cheeks were ever so visible. "Very lucky indeed."
Snapping his fingers in front of Teagan he chuckles, "Break the trance already. Job?"
"He's good at ruining perfectly good fantasies." Regina frowns patting Gnarly on the arm.
"Oh my fantasies haven't even started." Teagan giggles poking at Gnarly's chest from over the bar.
"Sexual harassment I swear. Everywhere I go I'm a piece of...so am I hired?" He laughs.
"I suppose you're not available weekends?"
"Depends on the band. No offense but I think I'm gonna be loyal to their needs. I'll gladly work weekends if they don't play."
"When can you start?"
He mulls it over before optioning, "Monday night?"
"Black tie only." Teagan winks, "ONLY!"
"Am I Magic Mike or what?"
Fanning her face with her hand Teagan, "We could do after hour parties."
"Count me in." Regina adds opinion, "Starting with my two cents. I'll graduate to tens and twenties. Don't you worry Mike."
"Butt out."
"You can start with that." Regina swats his ass.
"I like you." Teagan wiggles a finger at Regina.
As serving slows up a bit Crystal rejoins them, "How goes the interview?"
"I'm going over Miles and giving Gnarly here a chance. You can train him to bartend when it gets hectic. Stocking the coolers and helping bus the tables when he's not behind the bar."
"Awesome." Blue beams toward Gavin with a sigh of relief that her hero would be near.
"You have live bands now and then right?" Gnarly enquires with enthusiasm.
"Love to hear you play. Sure. Have Ginger give me a call I'll book the girls in a few weeks. It's been awhile since they've played here. Is Pinky still cute as a button?"
"Like a teenaged Britney Spears." He chuckles, "With pink hair. Fingernails...other things."
"TMI!" Regina rolls her eyes, "Hemsworth? You get around."
"Wow!" Teagan huffs, "He does look like Thor."
"I'm out of here." He feigns a blush wagging an empty beer bottle in front of Crystal. Shaking her head at the revelation of yet another potential lover of Gavin's she gets him a new bottle of Bud.
"Let's dance Rockstar." Regina steals him away. In dragging him off Crystal frowns thinking to herself, "Rockstar is my pet name. Dang it!" It was every girls pet name for him. It just fit.
"Thanks for giving him a shot Teagan." Crystal looks directly at her boss.
"Mind telling me what Chicago's finest was passing off to you?"
"Stan just gave me a website to look up later. He knows I'm a Cub fan." She covered her tracks.
Teagan looks at Crystal with an expression of, "I know better." Moving to actual words she whispers, "Roy bothering you again?"
"No." Blue creases her brow, "I'm not worried about Roy now that you guys fired him."
"If he does, you know you can talk to us. My husband knows how to deal with morons like Roy."
Blue refused to get her employers involved and risk getting the club owners into hot water. "If he becomes a problem I'll let you in. I promise."
Unconvinced Teagan squints her eyes, but lets it go. A squeeze to Blue's bare shoulder Teagan located her man and informed him of the new hire. Eying the Rocker on the dance floor they study his behavior. He seemed decent enough. Hearing of his date with Ivy brought on questions however. Ivy was a wild one in hiding, both Owner's knew it. Within the next hour Gnarly was introduced to Miles Andreko. They got along at first handshake. Miles was an admirer of talent. Both in the beauty of women and what a real man brought to the table. No Miles was not bi sexual. Unlike his wife.
As the night wound down Gavin and Regina gave Ivy their address in case they got separated walking out with both she and Crystal. Crystal now quite aware of Ivy joining the family. Shrugging off her feelings toward Gavin, Blue concluded she had no say in her lovers decisions. She was just glad to have him around. Seeing everyone to their cars they followed one another back to the Brownstone. Letting Crystal take the lead, Gavin was right behind blue eyes every inch of the way.
Regina withheld the info she had overheard. That could be addressed in the morning. For now...PARTY ON.
The night was far from over.