We stayed there for about an hour, talking and watching the world slowly go by. A few tourists walked by and an even smaller number did a double take at the 2 naked girls, one with her legs wide open.
"Don't worry Emily," Aryn said, "I'm told that the tourist flock down here on an evening after being on a beach all day."
"Good," I replied, "are we coming back here this evening?"
"Either here or next door at the restaurant, it depends on what takes my fancy."
"What about you Wren?" I asked, "will you be coming here like that or is that expecting too much for a first time?"
"I don't know, I've got comfortable sat here but I'm not sure about tonight when there will be lots of people."
Just then I saw the young woman from the yacht next to Aryn's. She was getting off her yacht followed by another young woman. The thing was, they were both topless and both wearing G-strings that looked a bit odd to me.
As they approached I kept looking at the G stings and realised that they had no strings or elastic holding them in place.
"How the hell are they staying in place?" I asked myself.
"Hi neighbours," one of them said, "mind if we join you?"
Aryn stood up and re-arranged the tables and chairs and offered them a seat, then he turned and looked at the waiter to attract his attention, which was a bit daft because any non gay man would have been watching everything that was going on.
Aryn turned back to us and then introduced us. He introduced me first as his deckhand and I stood up to shake Mandy's and Abigail's hands.
"Brave girl." Mandy said as she saw that I was totally naked.
"Cute." Abigail said.
I sat down again and again spread my legs. Aryn introduced Wren first and I wasn't sure that she'd stand to shake hands but she did.
"Two naked beauties Aryn." Mandy said, "you are a lucky man."
Introductions over Wren said,
"Sorry, but I have to ask, what's holding those G-strings in place? Are they glued on?"
Abigail laughed and replied,
"Hell no, I like a bit of pain but glue could do me some permanent damage, no, they're dildos that have a curved triangle of bendable wire with a triangle of fabric. You can get them without the fabric if you're a bit more of an exhibitionist."
"Don't they tend to slide out of you?" Wren asked.
"After a bit of time you start to relax a bit and not grip the dildo so much so it can start to slide out but the manufacturer has solved that problem." Mandy replied. "If you look at the base of the dildo you can see what looks like a rubber disk, If you press on the centre of it the rubber bulb at the other end starts to inflate. You can press the rubber disk as many times as you like but I've found that my belly starts to expand if I do it too much."
"I'm assuming that there's a way of deflating the balloon?" I asked.
"Yes, press the centre to inflate or the edges to deflate." Mandy said.
"That's why there's a little ridge around the outside, to stop you deflating it accidentally when you sit on something." I said.
"That's right. You said that you're an engineer Emily, that explains how you would know that, we only half read the instructions and we were starting to panic a bit before we discovered that feature."
"Very interesting," Aryn said, "I'll have to get you one of those Wren and you too Emily, can you email me with link to the place that you got them please ladies. As for exhibitionists, the true exhibitionist here is Emily, she came on this holiday with only the dress that she was wearing, and as you can see she's one hell of an exhibitionist."
"Yes," Abigail said, "a really cute little exhibitionist, are you even old enough to be here Emily? You've got the body and pussy of a girl a lot younger, you haven't even got any inner labia. Or have you had labiaplasty surgery?"
"No, I'm 23 and my inner lips just never grew."
"Lucky girl, I bet you are popular with the boys."
"I've got a regular boyfriend back in England and he loves my pussy, he spends half his life showing it to everyone."
"Good for him, so why are you here with these 2 Americans?"
"Jack went on a lads holiday to Ibiza and we found the ideal holiday for me, and here I am, loving every second of it. Aryn and Wren know how to push all my buttons."
"And by the looks of your chest you've been pushing Aryn's button as well."
I'd forgotten about the dried semen on my chest and as I looked down to it I said,
"No, no, that's not Aryn's, that's a policeman's."
"Girl, you've just got to tell us that story."
I looked at Aryn and feared that he was feeling left out so I said,
"Maybe Aryn should tell you the story, but I will just say that I'd rather give an American or an Englishman cop a blowjob."
Aryn took over from me and told the rest of the story. We were all getting along great, all telling each other stories, although Mandy's, Abigail's and mine were mainly about us being naked in places that most women wouldn't dream of.
As the stories went on I realised that my right hand was on my pussy and my fingers were gently rubbing my clit. Not enough to make me cum, but enough to make me feel nice.
It turned out that Mandy and Abigail were university friends and that they were spending their summer on Mandy's father's yacht which he'd parked there for the summer for them.
When Aryn said that he thought that the place would be a bit quiet for 2 young ladies Abigail told us that there was a beautiful beach just up the coast that they went to on the yacht's jet-ski most days. Aryn asked if they minded if we followed them the next day.
"Sure, but I must warn you that it's a nudist beach, nearly all the people there will be naked." Abigail replied.
After a few rounds of drinks and lots of stories, we realised that the sun was going down so Aryn invited Abigail and Mandy to join us for dinner in the restaurant next door. They accepted the offer but said that they'd have to go and put some clothes on.
"Why?" Aryn asked, "Wren and Emily are going like they are now."
"Jeez, they're more naked than we are."
"So why don't you get as naked as they are then all 4 of you can come with me totally naked. It will be nice being envied by all the other men in there."
I looked around and saw that there was indeed quite a few people in the restaurant, and quite a few people out for their evening stroll.
"Okay," Abigail said, "we'll just go and take these out then."
"Take them out here girls, no one will see you."
Abigail and Mandy looked around then slid their butt right to the front of their chairs, pressed the button to deflate their dildos then pulled them out.
"Let's have a look at them." I asked.
Mandy put hers on the table.
"Quite big aren't they? and look at those ridges."
"They make it easier to grip it. After a while your pussy gets used to it and starts to relax so the ridges make it harder for it to just slide out."
"Every had it drop out?" Aryn asked.
"No, thank god," Abigail said, that would be really embarrassing."
"More than being as naked as you are now?" Aryn asked.
"Yes."
Aryn turned and looked at the waiter who seemed to know that we were leaving because he brought the bill over. Whilst Aryn was getting out the money I saw that the waiter was looking at the dildos and I wondered if Abigail and Mandy had worn them to the cafe before. I didn't ask.
At the restaurant a waiter quickly walked out to us. When I saw him I thought that he was going to tell us to go away but he didn't. It was like he was expecting us because he ushered us to a table that was big enough for the 5 of us and he pulled out the chairs for each of us girls.
By then just about everyone in the restaurant was looking at us and I for one felt good. I wondered what Wren was thinking and guessed that she was nervous and embarrassed. By the looks on Abigail's and Mandy's face I guessed that they too were feeling good, and maybe, like I was, proud of themselves.
I smiled as Mandy and Abigail both put their dildos on the table.
Soon there was wine then food on the table and we were still telling stories, oblivious to the people who kept looking over to us. Eventually there was no one looking over to us other than the waiter. It was Aryn that told us that it was time to leave and we got up and walked the short distance to our yachts.
******
It was Aryn's cock that woke me up as he pushed into my vagina. After he'd made me cum he turned over and did the same to Wren, only Wren got her vagina filled with Aryn's seeds. I rolled off the bed and went to the bathroom then started the breakfast.
Wren came and joined me and I said that she looked happy.
"I am, Aryn is so pleased that I was naked in the cafe and then the restaurant."
"So are you going to be naked more often?"
"Not all the time, but I'm starting to get over my brain block."
"Good, I'm happy for you, I'm guessing that you felt excited last night?"
"I sure did."
"So. If we go to this beach that Abigail and Mandy told us about today will you be going like that (naked)?"
"Yes, I think that I will. Do you think that Abigail and Mandy will be going naked Emily?"
"I don't know, but after last night I think that the odds have shot up. Oh, I must remember to ask them to send me the URL and name of the store that they got those dildos from to me as well as to Aryn. I'm sure that Jack will want me to wear one at the local leisure centre."
"Yes, I think that Aryn will like me going to the leisure centre back home wearing just one of those as well."
"I thought that America isn't as liberal as some of these European countries."
"Most of it isn't but there are places that you can go where you can wear very little or nothing. There's even places that have social event in the streets for people who are more liberated. In the past I've told Aryn that I wouldn't go to them but I'm starting to think that I might just like to go to one."
"You'll have to tell me all about those places sometime Wren."
"Yes, maybe you could come and stay with us and go to them with us."
"That would be nice."
"So what are you two scheming about?" Aryn asked as he came up onto the deck.
"Nothing dear." Wren replied.
After we'd had breakfast Aryn told us that he was going to get the jet-ski out and make sure that it was fuelled up and he told Wren and me to go and check on Abigail and Mandy. Wren was still as naked as I was as we got off the yacht then got on Abigail's and Mandy's.
Shouting "hello" we got a reply telling us that they were below the deck. We went down the stairs and saw the main bedroom door open and Abigail and Mandy laying there, both totally naked with a selection of sex toys on the table next to the bed and one large dildo sticking out of Abigail's vagina.
"Been having some fun girls?" Wren asked.
"Yeah, what time is it?" Mandy asked.
"Around 10 I think." Wren replied. "Sorry to be here so early, it's just that Aryn still tends to wake up and get us up early, military habit I guess."
"That's okay, student habit, still in bed at the middle of the morning."
"So, are you two going to that fabulous beach today?" I asked.
"Yes, are you coming with us?" Mandy asked.
"Yes, if you don't mind, Aryn is fuelling up our jet-ski as we speak, would you like him to do yours? I'm sure that he will."
"Thanks, I'm sure that he can find it then we can thank him later. Wren, would you mind if we fucked him, you and him being married and all?"
"Not at all, he fucks Emily every day so 2 more won't change anything. I'm not the jealous type and when he was in the military he sometimes had to fuck girls as part of the job so I'm used to it, and I know that he will always stay with me."
"Wait until you see his cock ladies, there's nearly enough for all 4 of us at once." I said.
"Can't wait." Mandy said. "Can you give us 15 minutes to get something to eat and get ready?"
"Sure, we'll get the sunblock out and get each other worked up."
"Lucky you." Mandy said as Wren and I left them to it."
Twenty five minutes later 2 jet-skis were leaving the harbour, Aryn with 2 totally naked girls behind him, me at the back holding on to Wren's tits and her caressing her husbands cock through his shorts. On the other jet-ski in front of us I could see 2 more naked girls with Mandy at the back holding on to Abigail's tits.
About fifteen minutes later we rounded a headland and saw a beautiful, big beach. Aryn followed Abigail and then we beached the jet-skis at one end of the beach where another jet-ski was beached.
Four naked girls and one man wearing just shorts set off walking along the beach looking for a place to claim for a few hours. I didn't feel like I was the only one naked because I wasn't. Apart from the other 3 girls in our party, a good three-quarters of the people on the beach were naked.
This wasn't a day for shocking people with my nudity but it was a glorious day and a great chance to improve my all-over tan.
Aryn found a place and everyone spread their towels and got the sunblock out. When all the girls were covered, Wren and I started on Aryn. It was as we were moving down his body that Wren said that Aryn should take his shorts off and be as naked as we all were.
"Are you sure Wren?" Aryn asked, and I had first-hand knowledge of why he asked.
"Yes, I've been brave enough to strip off completely so it's only fair that you do as well.
Aryn got to his feet and dropped his shorts. Abigail and Mandy had heard the conversation and were watching.
"Oh my gawd." Mandy said as Aryn's cock became visible.
"Fucking hell." Abigail said, "there's enough there for both of us at once Mandy."
I smiled and wondered if they'd get to sample Aryn's cock like I had.
Mandy and Abigail weren't the only ones to notice, I looked around and saw that at least a dozen surrounding people were staring at Aryn's huge cock.
Meanwhile Wren was putting the sunblock on his butt. When she said,
"You can do his front Emily."
I smiled and squirted a couple of big blobs of sunblock onto my left hand then started on his stomach and wondered if Wren had told me to do his front hoping that his cock would get hard.
It didn't, not even when I rubbed it all over his balls then cock, sliding my hands up and down a couple of times like I was wanking him.
When I was finished I looked around again and saw that there was still a few people staring at him.
I smiled and lay on my towel, on my back with my legs wide open wondering how brown the sun would turn my pussy.
Looking over to Aryn, I saw him lay down as well, Wren by his side. I smiled as I imagined Aryn getting turned on and that huge monster pointing to the sun. Then my image changed to him having told me to mount him whilst he was on his back and all those people watching and wondering how I could take that monster into my little pussy.
I felt a wet rush in my vagina.
Things settled down and for an hour or so as we all did some serious sunbathing. Then Aryn decided that he wanted a drink and got up to go to the little beech bar. He went to put his shorts on but Wren stopped him saying he couldn't object to her request and she reminded him that this was the first time she had ever got naked on a beach. Then she asked me to go with Aryn.
There was no way that I was going to miss the opportunity to walk along the beach, even if it was with a man that was hung like a donkey. I knew that all the women would be looking at him but I hoped that most of the men would be looking at me.
My guess was right and I had to laugh when I saw one young woman look up, see him and immediately close her legs and put her hand over her pussy. It was like she had though that he'd split her open and she was holding her pussy to protect it.
There were a few tables in the bar and I watched the people sat at them looking at Aryn as we waited to get served. The man behind the counter couldn't see Aryn's cock so I gave him my chest to look at, and I tweaked my nipples when I knew that he was looking at me.
We took the cold cans back to the others and we all sat drinking. Looking out to sea at the boats that were anchored there, and talking. One thing that we talked about was my nipples. Aryn said,
"Emily, have you ever thought about getting your nipples pierced?"
"Yes, I thought about it about a year ago but the boys that I was with at the time thought that it would make me look as old as I actually am so I went off the idea." I replied.
"Hmm, I can see their point, you do look a LOT younger than you are and I can see the advantages that could go with that."
"I do keep getting asked to prove that I'm over 18."
"I'm not surprised, and when you're naked your bony pussy and lack of inner lips helps your youthful looks although not many little girls have a clit that big sticking out of their slits."
"No," I replied, "but I'm happy with my body and I want it to stay like it is."
"Good for you girl."
A little later Aryn and Wren went for a swim although from what I saw it was more like under water fucking. I turned to Mandy and Abigail and they asked me for more about my holiday in Ibiza. I was still telling them when Wren came back to us and said,
"You're turn Emily."
"But you were fucking weren't you?"
"Yes, and it's your turn now Emily."
As I got up and started walking into the water when I heard Wren continue,
"And when Emily comes back one of you two can go, he wants to fuck all 4 of us."
I waded out to Aryn who said,
"I hope that you're ready for this Emily?"
"I certainly am Master, I've been dripping all day."
"So I noticed."
Fifteen minutes later I waded back to the beach with a smile on my face and as I got close to the others I asked,
"Who's next ladies?"
About an hour later Aryn and Abigail walked out of the water, Abigail with a smile on her face.
"Let's go for a walk girls, see what's around here?" Aryn said.
"We haven't got any clothes with us Aryn." Mandy said.
"So what." Aryn replied.
We packed up and started walking, going the way that we'd seen people arriving from. I wasn't surprised to find that we had to climb up quite a few steps and guessed what anyone behind us naked girls would have seen, if there'd been anyone behind us.
At the top we found the car park in the middle of a lot of trees, and I for one was a little disappointed until Aryn told us to follow him. We walked along the road for couple of minutes then round a corner and saw the village.
Four naked young women walking into a village would normally cause a bit of interest but this was a Mediterranean village in the middle of the day so the place was dead. That is until we turned a corner and saw a little bar that was open. Unsurprisingly, Aryn wanted to stop for a drink and so did Wren.
"It's one thing being naked on a beach with lots of naked people, but this was in the middle of a village, I'm not happy." Wren said.
"Relax Wren," both Mandy and Abigail said.
"Nothings going to happen to you Wren." I added, "The men will only look at you for a quarter of the time."
"I suppose that that's one way to look at it. Emily, spread you legs so that they've got more to look at than me."
"I was going to do that anyway." I replied.
"I might just do that as well." Abigail added.
The bar had a couple of tables outside but all the customers, apart from a youngish looking couple of tourists, were inside. I guessed that the locals didn't like sitting out in the sun.
The other 4 of us sat at the vacant table leaving me to go to the other table and ask the couple if I could take a spare chair. As I was asking them I realised that both of them were just staring at us and hadn't heard my question. I asked again but again got no response, so I just took the chair.
We'd been sat there for a couple of minutes when a girl came out to ask us what we wanted. As she stood listening to us say what we wanted I watched her eyes and they went up and down each of us girls. I smiled and wondered what she was thinking.
It was a waiter who brought our drinks out and he too gave each of us girls the once over. It was when he was going back inside that I saw that most of the men inside were looking out at us in silence.
Whilst we were sat there talking and drinking, a few tourists walked by, none of which did more than glance over to us.
After about an hour, Aryn paid for the drinks and we left. I looked back to see if any of the men had come out to see the 4 girl's butts walk away but none were so I guessed that they often saw naked girls walking about.
Anyway, there wasn't much in the village to see so we headed back to the beach and after a short swim, we went back to the jet-skis to go back to the boats. This time, Aryn told me to sit in front of him, facing him, with my legs over his and Wren holding my knees.
With the jet-ski silently bobbing up and down on the water, I impaled myself on his cock and Aryn opened the throttle.
It was the bouncing along in the wake of Abigail's and Mandy's jet-ski and the vibrations from the engine of the jet-ski that I was on that caused me to have 2 orgasms during the journey back to Aryn's yacht. The second one was just before we slowed down to go into the little harbour and I was still recovering as Aryn picked me up and carried me onto the yacht.
He put me down on the table after lifting me off his cock and let me recover, spread eagle on that table. The thing was, the table was at the back of the yacht and anyone walking by could look over and see me, and, for some reason, it looked like a coach trip had just unloaded down by the harbour.
When I got to my feet I waved at a couple of old men that were staring at me then went to check on Wren. I needn't have worried about her because she was bouncing up and down on Aryn on their bed. Then I went up onto the deck and looked over to Abigail and Mandy. Both were sat at a table watching the people on shore watching them and me. I waved at them then went and got a bottle of beer and climbed over to the neighbour's boat so that the passers-by could watch 3 naked girls.
That evening Aryn took us over to the restaurant, him clothed with 4 naked girls. By then, the coach load of people had moved on and there was only a few people to see us cross the road and take our seats. We were again welcomed by the waiter and the 2 other couples in there just stared at us for a few seconds then got on with their meal.
During the meal Aryn announced that we were moving on in the morning.
******
The next morning Abigail and Mandy went back to their boat after waking up alongside, and a bit on top of, Aryn, Wren and me. We'd all had a great night taking it in turns riding Aryn's cock and eating lots of pussy.
Wren was happy to go ashore with me to untie the yacht, both of us naked before climbing back on and taking a last look at the harbour as we sailed out.
After I cleaned the place and supplied all of us with coffee, food and other drinks, I joined Wren on the front deck, both of us improving our all-over tans. We got to our feet a couple of times to wave at boats going the other way when Aryn took us unnecessarily close to the to show-off his naked wife and sex toy.
Then Aryn steered the yacht away from land and we didn't see any land for hours, not until early evening. I guessed that he had decided to head to one of the islands.
We anchored for the night in a small bay with no beach and no other boats in sight. It was an evening of sex for all 3 of us, and all 3 of us apparently enjoying everything that we did to each other.
******
The next morning we were soon cruising along the coast, only occasionally seeing other boats with Aryn sailing close to them so that he could 'show-off his 2 perfect specimens of human, female flesh.' Aryn's words, not mine, but he was right.
When we got to a small bay with a small beach, and only about 7 or 8 people on the beach, Aryn cut the engine and dropped the anchor not too far from another boat which, presumably, the people on the beach were from. We were too far away for me to tell if he people on the beach were male or female but from what I could make out they seemed to be having fun.
While Aryn was getting the jet-ski out I was getting a few things that we would need for a few hours on the beach ready. When I went back up on deck I was disappointed to see Wren wearing a sarong round her waist.
Wren had been busy getting a few things ready, one of them being a broom-handle like pole and I wondered what it was for, then we got on the jet-ski and were soon standing on the sand,
I could then see that the other people on the beach were 8 young men and all had stopped kicking a ball about and were staring at the topless Wren and the naked me. Aryn shouted hello to them and we got a couple of hellos back.
Wren started spreading our towels but Aryn told me to stand still. Before I realised what was happening, Aryn had cuffed my hands behind my back. Next he put a dog collar around my neck and attached a leash to it.
Then he surprised, and pleased me when he picked up a bottle of sunblock and led me over to the group of bemused young men, him carrying the pole and a bag.
"Hi," Aryn said, "this is Emily and I'm looking for some help in getting her covered in sunblock, would anyone care to do the job for me?"
As soon as one of them started to talk I realised that they weren't English, but at least one could speak English.
"We'll do it for you." The young man replied.
"Thank you guys, there's just one thing that I need to do before you start if you could just hang on for a second."
No one said a word as Aryn got 2 ankle cuffs out of the bag and put them on me. When he'd got the second one on he told me to spread my legs and he clipped the cuffs to each end of the pole using rings screwed into the ends of the pole that I hadn't noticed before.
Satisfied that I wasn't going anywhere he threw the bottle of sunblock to one of the young men and said,
"No fucking her cunt, but apart from that have fun guys."
Then he turned and went back to Wren, who had by then taken the sarong off and was putting sunblock on herself.
It seemed like forever before the young men grasped what Aryn had said and got their act together, then 3 of them stepped forward and one of them said,
"I think that we should cover her with sunblock before we have fun with her."
The others must have agreed because squirts of sunblock went into quite a few hands before they all started rubbing it on me. Needless to say that my more 'interesting' parts got lots of attention and it wasn't long before I had my first orgasm on that beach. All those male hands sliding all over, and I mean all over, my naked body were just too much for me to contain for long. Twice I felt my knees starting to give way, but with the help of a few hands I was back up straight and wondering how many seconds it would be before another peak hit me.
It was heaven as the guys took it in turns caress and abuse my little tits and pussy. After a while my legs did give out and I went down on my back and the guys held my legs up in the air with the pole.
During one low between peaks I managed to look over to Aryn and Wren and saw Wren riding Aryn reverse cowboy with them both watching what was happening to me.
I soon lost count of the orgasms as first one pair of hands worked on my pussy and tits, then another pair.
Swimming shorts started to be taken off and hard cocks were getting either pushed into my mouth or jacked-off and their cum scattered over my face and body. If I hadn't been a willing participant the courts would have jailed those guys for a long time.
After goodness knows how long I realised that the hands were gone and my mouth was empty. Then 4 of them picked me up and carried me into the sea.
I'm not a bad swimmer but it's impossible to swim with your wrists cuffed behind your back and your ankles held about a metre apart by a wooden pole and I started to get worried.
Thankfully, the guys held me on the surface as many hands washed the cum and sand off me before they carried me back to the dry sand where they put me on my knees.
I looked over to Wren and Aryn and saw that Wren was still riding Aryn's big cock and I longed to have that big cock inside my pussy.
It wasn't long before one of the guys came over and stood in front of me, his hard cock staring me in the face. I didn't need to be told what to do and I opened my mouth and took the cock in.
My head bobbed up and down and I sucked for all I was worth and before long my efforts were rewarded with a mouthful of male cum. Being the good little slave girl that I am I kept it in my mouth then showed the giver what he had given me before swallowing it and then proving that I had swallowed it all.
My jaw was aching a little by the time I'd done the same with all 8 guys who by the end were all showing signs of having had enough.
But I hadn't, I asked one of the guys to unclip my ankles and when he had I walked over to Aryn just in time to see Wren cumming, still impaled on his cock.
When she was able, Wren stood up and invited me to take over from her which I eagerly did, moaning with pleasure as I lowered myself down onto that huge cock.
"Just stay still for a minute slave." Aryn said.
I happily obliged and enjoyed the feeling of having my pussy stretched so much.
After a couple of minutes I felt Aryn's cock twitch inside me, then I felt his jets of cum shoot deep inside me.
"Thank you Master." I said just before I came again, neither of us having moved even a milemetre since I impaled myself.
Aryn waited until I thanked him then he lifted me up and off him and put me down on the other side of him to Wren.
It was quite uncomfortable laying on my back with my wrists still cuffed together and when Aryn realised that he uncuffed me, just leaving the collar and leash still on me.
We stayed like that for ages, even after watching the young men swim back out to their boat, and we eventually went back to Aryn's yacht where I cooked us a meal before enjoying each other's bodies again.
******
I woke to the feeling of Aryn's huge cock entering my vagina, and what a feeling that is. Then I felt one of Wren's hands pushing my hair out of my face. When I looked at her she was smiling down at me.
"Morning slave, how do you fancy a day tied, spread eagle at the front of the boat whilst Aryn takes us into a busy harbour?"
"Sounds fun Mistress."
"Good, not that you have any choice in the matter. Oh, and you will have one of my remote controlled vibrators inside you all the time."
"Sounds more than fun Mistress."
I just managed to say before Aryn thrust so hard in to me that my whole body moved so far that I was in danger of coming off Aryn's cock. He pulled me back down and I felt his cock hit my cervix just as I started to cum. Aryn filled my insides with his cum shortly afterwards.
After breakfast Aryn did tie me spread eagle to the front of the yacht in a standing position but leaning forward a bit so that I had to hang from the ropes tying my wrists to whatever it was. I was so far forward that when Aryn tied me leaning forwards I was actually hanging over the front of the yacht. If I got free and fell in when we were underway I would probably get sliced in two by the front point of the yacht.
When we got under way Wren made me cum again as she rubbed sunblock over all of my body. I was a bit worried for her as she had to lean right over the front to get to every part of me. She also slid a vibrator into my vagina, one of those ones that has a pink, flexible antenna sticking out. I frustratingly waited for it to burst into life.
It was about an hour into our journey that I saw the first of quite a few boats going in the opposite direction and as usual, Aryn steered us quite close to them so that the people on them could see me and Wren who was quite happily waving to the passengers even though she was as naked as I was.
Thankfully, Aryn had tied me to various parts of the yacht in such a way that I was reasonably comfortable. After what Wren had said I was expecting to stay there all day.
After about 3 hours the yacht turned towards a harbour. It was bigger than the previous one that we had been in and there appeared to be much more activity on the land.
A boat coming out of the harbour passed quite close to us and I saw 3 people looking at me and I wondered if they realised that I was alive or a mascot or figurehead or whatever it is that they call animals of nude girls that you sometimes see at the front of a boat. I wasn't in a position that I could wave to them to let them know that I was a living human being.
Anyway, I heard Aryn on the radio as we crawled into the harbour and for a few seconds I thought that he was going to drive the yacht nose into the parking slot. I was nervously excited about that thought but at the last minute Aryn turned and reversed us into the slot. I was left staring out into the harbour with only a couple of little boats with someone in them, and they weren't looking my way. I was both disappointed and relieved. I'd seen a lot of people, some in uniforms, and I was concerned that they might want to arrest me.
When the engine died I felt the vibrator burst into life. Soon, my body was squirming and I wanted to put my had on my pussy and rub my clit to relieve the pressure that was building in my pussy.
I wondered if Wren had jumped off the yacht still naked to tie it to whatever but when both Wren and Aryn came to me I saw that she had a skirt and top on. The skirt was very short, almost a greyhound skirt and I couldn't tell if she had anything on under it. Her tenting nipples told me that she wasn't wearing a bra.
"Emily," Aryn said just as I started to cum. When the orgasm subsided he continued, "Wren and I have some business that we need to attend to on shore and you have a choice of coming with us or staying here. Which is it to be?"
"Judging by the number of people walking about I'm guessing that I would have to put some clothes on and I really wanted to go the whole holiday without doing that, so do you mind if I stay here please Master. If you untie me I'll hide below deck."
"No Emily, you'll stay where you are, if you're lucky some boats will come and go and the people on them will see you."
"But what if it's a police boat?"
"Then you'd better keep perfectly still and hope that they think that you are just a figurehead or a mannequin."
"Are you going to leave the vibrator running?"
"Of course, you want to cum a lot don't you?"
"Yes Master."
"I'll leave it running at about half speed so that you aren't constantly cumming. I don't want to get back and find you unconscious or worse. Is it possible for a girl to die from having too many orgasms in a short period of time?"
"I don't know Master. Thank you for worrying about me."
"Was I worrying about you Emily? If we got back and found you dead I'd just sail out into the middle of the Med and cut the ropes so that you just fell into the sea and become fish food."
"Aryn," Wren said, "that's not very nice."
"Just joking love, let's go."
Aryn slapped my bare butt and I heard them walking away and the vibrator going up to half speed.
I took a deep breath then let it out and looked around. I was hanging, naked and spread eagle at the front of the yacht with a vibrator purring away inside me, and with every likelihood that I'd be there for at least an hour. I wondered how many times times I'd cum and if I'd pass out. And if anyone would see me there.
Would any boats sail passed me and see me? I hoped so. Would any little boats that I could see going round the harbour come close to me and look up? I hoped so. Would my pussy juices drip down on them? I giggled at that thought.
Then the vibrations started to get the better of me and I soon had my first orgasm whilst on the yacht on my own.
The seconds one wasn't far behind but just as I was thinking that another one was on the way I saw another boat coming into the harbour. It was a yacht that looked similar to Aryn's. As it got closer, I got closer, and when it started reversing to dock beside Aryn's yacht I saw a young couple on the back of it looking to see how close they were to the wall, and looking at me.
As they got closer the girl said,
"Bloody hell, those figureheads get more life-like all the time Dave."
"That's not a proper figurehead Scarlett, I think that it's one of those realistic sex dolls from China. Look, you can see were it's tied on."
"Oh yes, maybe it's not a doll and it's a living girl."
"I doubt it, what girl would agree to be tied to the front of a boat totally naked?"
"I wouldn't mind it, whilst we were out at sea that is, not in a harbour."
"I'll have to remember that Scarlett but I don't think that your father would be too happy."
About then the orgasm hit me and I was happy that the engine of the yacht reversing was louder than my moans.
"Look Scarlett, it moved, it is a real girl." Dave said.
"Naw, oh fuck, yes it moved." Scarlett replied.
"HEY YOU TWO, WATCH WHERE WE ARE GOING. TELL ME WHEN TO STOP." I heard from somewhere on the other yacht.
Well, there was nothing that I could do even if I wanted to, so I just rode out the orgasm staring straight ahead whilst the couple, presumably, tied their yacht to the moorings.
Orgasm gone, but the vibrator threatening to start another one quite soon, I just hung there, wanting, and not wanting the couple, and maybe whoever was driving their yacht, to come and get a closer look at me. The problem was that their yacht wasn't as long as Aryn's so they couldn't even get alongside me. I decided to just try to forget them.
Then out of the corner of my eye I saw a little dingy being rowed in front of the boats that were tied-up like Aryn's was. There was 2 young men in the dingy and they appeared to be inspecting the front of each boat. As they got closer I could feel another orgasm building.
The dingy got right in front of Aryn's yacht and as they were looking along each side of the yacht the orgasm hit me. The dingy was right below me as the moans of pleasure escaped my mouth.
"What the fuck?" I heard one of the young men say in good English.
"Fuck, I've just been dripped on and it wasn't a fucking seagull." The other young man said.
Then they both looked up and, about 3 metres above them was the naked, spread eagle me in the full throws of an orgasm.
"Is that ...? Fuck, it's a real girl." I heard.
"Are you okay lady?"
Well at the moment I was in no state to answer but when I was able I said,
"Yes I'm fine, just a dare."
"That's one hell of a dare, anyone could see you. There's a boat load of tourists about to leave the harbour, do you want us to come and cut you free before they see you?"
"Thanks for the offer but if I get cut down before 4 o'clock I have to do it again when we sail into Athens harbour and the idea is that I get seen. My forfeit for a stupid bet."
"Jeez, there's a few big ferries going in and out of there, thousands could see you."
"That's what I thought so thanks for the offer but I'll stay right here."
"Well if you're sure?"
"I am thanks. Oh, I'm supposed to let people take photos of me, have you got a camera with you?" I replied thanking the fact that I can think real quick at times.
Two phones came out of pockets and I heard lots of clicks. I was sure that my pussy was still dripping and I wondered if a drop would land on one of the phones or faces behind the phones.
After a minute or so one of them said,
"If you're sure that you're okay?"
"I am thanks."
As they rowed off I heard one say,
"Well that's a first; one hell of a brave girl."
"Yeah, and so young looking."
I was happy with the encounter, and what the vibrator was doing to me.
The young man was right about the tourists boat, just after the vibrator had made me cum again, a boat with dozens of people on it chugged out of the harbour no more than 20 metres in front of me. At first I didn't think that any of the people had seen me or realised that I was alive but all of a sudden I saw a flash of light, some idiot had the flash set to always on which was pointless on such a bright day. But it did make me move my head back a little and then I saw more people pointing their phones at me.
I wished that I could send one of the photos to Jack back in England, or maybe in Ibiza, I was loosing track of the days. I made a mental note to ask Aryn and Wren to take some photos and to send them to Jack.
The tourists disappeared out of the harbour and I was left to the mercy of the vibrator. It made me cum 2 more times (I think, I wasn't really counting), before Aryn and Wren got back.
Aryn quietly crept up behind me and reached between my legs, and the first that I knew he was there was when the vibrator started coming out of my vagina. I gasped, fearing that it would fall into the water, a split second before I realised that it had been pulled and not just slid out of me on its own.
"Oh Master, thank you."
"What for?"
"Everything sir, I'm have the best possible holiday."
"Ours isn't too bad either." Aryn replied as he easily slid the vibrator back inside me saying,
"We've bought you a present Emily but you can't have it until you get out of the taxi at the airport going home."
"Thank you Master, what is it?"
"It's one of those inflatable dildo things that Abigail and Mandy had, slightly different though, I bought the top of the range for you two girls."
"Thank you Master, I was going to get one myself when I got back but I doubt that I could afford the top of the range one."
"You can see Wren's in action later. They've got an attachment that can cover your slit and a bit of your pubes. I thought that that might come in handy for when Wren won't go totally naked or when you want to be covered in a public swimming pool."
"Thank you Master, I look forwards to seeing Wren wear hers then I should be able to tell if it might be legal in the UK."
"The website said that it was."
"That's a good start Master. How long are you going to leave me here, and how long are you going to leave the vibrator inside me Master?"
"As long as I want. Wren will bring you a drink and something to eat then we have to fill-up with diesel and fresh water, then we'll be on our way, find a beach to relax on until the sun goes down. I might leave you there until sunset, I haven't decided yet."
"Thank you Master."
Aryn left me and as another orgasm started to build I thought,
"The sense of feeling helpless, vulnerable and exposed, together with the knowledge that anyone could see me, and of course the vibrator, means that it wouldn't take much for the vibrator to make me cum again. Bring it on."
I was just thinking that I was a really lucky girl when Wren appeared beside me. And asked me if I was okay. When I said that I was she held a bottle of water to my lips and I slowly drank. Then she fed a sandwich to me before another drink.
I'd seen that Wren looked naked, certainly above her waist so I asked her if she was wearing her new dildo. She nodded her head.
"And with the patch to cover your slit?"
"Yes."
"So Aryn is going to make you go out like that?"
"No, he's not going to MAKE me, I want to. No one will be able to see my pussy so I'm happy."
"I thought that after your day walking around that village with all us girls being totally naked you would be happy to do something like that again?"
"I'm not sure, it was safety in numbers that day."
"Ah yes, safety in numbers and all that."
"I guess so, but it was a big step for me,"
"I guess that it was."
"If you get used to wearing your new dildo bikini bottoms like that it shouldn't be too much of a step to wear it out in public without the front patch."
"Maybe, we'll see."
"So is there a remote control with it?"
"Yes, it can inflate and deflate the balloon as well as vibrate at different speeds, and it can all be done over the internet like that vibe inside you."
"I'll look forward to that."
"Gotta go, Aryn wants me to untie the yacht so that he can take it over to be re-fuelled."
"You're going to get off the yacht like that? I know that you've done it in quieter harbours but there's lots of people here."
"But I'm wearing a bikini bottoms here aren't I?"
"Fair enough."
Wren left me as another orgasm was building. Aryn had turned-up the vibrations and I just knew that the orgasms would be more frequent.
As the yacht slowly moved away from its moorings I looked around to see if anyone was looking at me. Unfortunately no one was watching as the next orgasm hit me. I was just coming back into the land of normality when I realised that we were alongside a jetty and Wren was on it tying the yacht to something. She looked totally naked until she turned to face me then I saw a tiny patch of material covering her slit.
I also saw the 2 young men that I'd seen in the rowing boat, and a much older man pulling a rubber pipe towards the yacht. The 2 younger men's eyes were alternating between Wren and me as I hung there only about 5 metres from them.
Wren came back onboard and to me. She leant forward and took hold of one of my nipples and started playing with it, all whilst the 3 young men watched. Yes, 3, the third one was walking by and got stopped by his mates. And yes, I had another orgasm as they watched, and just before Aryn called Wren to go and untie the yacht.
As we crawled out of the harbour, a people ferry with something like 50 people onboard slowly came in and passed by so close that I thought that we were going to collide with it. We didn't but I heard a lot of comments about the live figurehead, and I saw lots of phones and cameras pointing our way. I guessed that Wren was on deck somewhere where she could be seen by the people.