Here online, two complete strangers found themselves writing an intimate story together. What started as interactions of passion with a hint of lust, turned into a beautiful story about the heart, seduction, sensuality, desires to possess, desires to be owned and raw primal, animalistic lust. They remain strangers till this day...
[Editor note: Dates are when the messages were sent, the names have been removed to protect the innocent.]
Chapter I
May 12her
The dark reached out to the light and asked to dance... 'will you dance with me?' whispered the dark.
HIM
Dance the universal language of love and passion. To dance is to release one's self to emotion. To dance with another is the highest form of communication. But, I actually have 2 left feet...
her
So many ways to dance, with words, with feelings, thought, fantasies And if we both have two left feet, we will go in the same direction. So I think we will be just fine.
HIM
Lol, most of our dance will be a world of virtual passion. A safer place to play.
her
Love that place... Like a blank canvas. Free to create it, all possible.
HIM
So what shall we create? A place of passion with a hint of lust? Perhaps you have something special in mind?
May 14her
Sounds so very good, that place of passion and a hint of lust... I imagine it is springtime, all is fresh and new, the sunlight still friendly. Awakening the world around us, making us feeling all playful and light. You have your arms around my waist, my head on your chest... You kiss my hair. "Let's go sweetheart" you say. "Let me show you that place I told you about".
May 15her
My heart skips a beat, my breath stalls, before being flooded with adrenaline... Breathing shooting all the way up, shallow, short breaths. I feel my heart almost beating out of my chest. Knees weaken. Without realizing I bury my fingers deep your skin. Feelings rush through me, a wondrous mix of very nervous anticipation, excitement, fear, curiosity, vulnerability...
HIM
The soft smoothness of your body against mine, pressed tightly together. Warmth envelops us as the world falls away. I can smell the faint fruit scent of you hair, then a more complex scent emerges, your essence. A heady blend of perfume and musk, breathing deep to capture more of you.
Your body quivers briefly as my arms tighten about you, I can feel your heart race as your breathing stops. Your fingers work into my muscles, proving your need for me is as powerful as mine for you. A small smile chases across my lips. I slide a hand slowly up your side, teasing the curve of you breast, then up the tight cords of your neck, tipping your chin up, face open to me, soft full lips, parted slightly, moist and shining in the pale light. Vulnerable yet demanding, wanting so much yet frozen, waiting for the moment.
May 17her
The courteous taxi driver carries our suitcases to the lobby as you open the door. The lights of the hotel reflect on my lacquered heels as I take your strong hand and step out the back of the taxi. I didn't feel like speaking, and just listened to the conversation of you and the driver. "Are you going to a party tonight?" he asked. "You could call it that, sir" you replied, throwing me a meaningful wink in the rear-view mirror. Our eyes locked. "We are sure to have a lovely time tonight, I promise".
Nervous waves flood through me as we stand in front of the hotel. You sense my anxiety, anticipation, fear of the unknown. Reassuringly your pick up my hand and land a small, tender kiss on it. "I will take care of you sweetheart, I promise. Trust me". I take a deep breath and let you take me into the unknown.
HIM
Entering is a blur of light and color, only the tap-tap-tap of your heels on the polished marble penetrates our reality. Gold fixtures, crystal chandeliers, gleaming steel, even the smooth marble floors mean nothing as we whisk through the lobby. A brief nod from the concierge confirms that all is ready and waiting.
Alone for a moment in the elevator, the glass back wall unimportant as I pull you close against me. My hands on your back caressing your bare skin as we rise. Locking your body to mine a hand slips beneath the satin, shaping itself to the curve of your bottom. Exploring the firm smooth skin only a tiny g-string to protect you.
Your face lifts up to mine, eyes open in surprise at the intrusion. I smile, my head lowers slowly till our lips meet.
her
I feel the warmth of your breath upon my wanting lips. Ever so softly we touch, lips part, our tongues meet. I feel your body heat rise up to my neck, your smell intoxicating, straight to my core, essence. A blend of your pure, raw manliness, warm, dark, sultry, enhanced by the scent of the fresh shave lingering on your face. This smell is the smell of my surrender, defenseless every time, primal attraction. Resistance not an option.
With one hand you lift up my skirt, leaving the other in plain sight. Your spread fingers, taking a firm grip and pulling my lower body firmly against your solid mass, as a subtle sign of your natural dominance. The idea that someone can see us, sends flashes of arousal through my lower belly and in reaction, I spread my legs, showing off my willing body...
May 21HIM
Slowly we rise, upward our glass panel platform travels, your body open to me and the gaze of other guests. Feeling you so close, so open, vulnerable. Yet completely under my control, knowing all that see you are jealous, wanting you for themselves. I will not share you with them beyond giving them a glimpse of our passion.
Slipping my fingertips downward, teasing along the satin ribbon barely covering, protecting your tender flesh. Caressing the tight muscle of your rosebud, then on to the moist heat. Your pussy, my cunt, already I can catch a hint of your wild musky scent. The unmistakable signal of your desire, of your absolute need.
As our tongues dance tempting, teasing, encouraging, I swell. My response to you growing, pressing against your belly, the powerful signal of my need for you.
The elevator pings, doors sliding open, we part only far enough to exit this cocoon of steel and glass. This show might be over, but we have only just begun.
May 24her
The feeling of your manliness, pressed against my belly send shivers up my spine, ending in a burst of little tingles up my neck and on wards. As the door slides open, and we step outside, I feel a little light-headed. Your soothing, protective hand around me, resting lightly on my hip, guides me to the right side of the corridor. A young man, immaculately dressed, is awaiting us. He bends his head slightly as a welcoming gesture.
"Good evening, Sir" he says and makes eye contact with you. He greets me with a slight nod, respectful averting his gaze downwards. "Miss"...
We follow him to the only door on this floor. As we stand behind him, your let one finger slide teasingly in between my cheeks, I feel my skirt lift a bit. The sudden touch made me gasp. And just as he opened the door and turns to us again, handing him a tip as you give a little tug on my g-string. I suppress a little moan as a wave of arousal floods my core. Trying to keep a neutral expression on my face I lower my head a little. "If you need anything, please don't hesitate to ask, I will be here, Sir. Enjoy your stay".
Before we enter, I look up to you, your warm eyes amused, twinkling, enjoying this very moment, totally in control, knowing what is awaiting, relishing my very nervous anticipation. You tap the tip of my nose with your fingertip and whisper: "Come with me beautiful". We step in the room and the view just takes my breath away. A giant window from floor to ceiling, left to right, looking out over the vibrant, bustling city. Millions of lights flickering and shining. Not one sound of the city is entering the space, emphasizing the luxurious feel somehow. In the middle a giant fourposter bed, bottle champagne placed at the head of the bed. The door on the left revealing a Jacuzzi. Golden taps shining in the dimmed light. You let my hand go and stand behind me. Two hands on my hips, following the curve of my waist, breasts, neck. I tilt my head back, your hard body setting me on fire instantly. Then, in one smooth move you blindfold me. My heartbeat shoots up.
HIM
Fingers spread, touching lightly, I begin by tracing the curve of your ear, increasing pressure as they travel down the taunt cords of your neck. "Relax" I whisper in your ear, knowing you will not be allowed to. Across your shoulders and down your sides, my fingers travel, pressing in as if defining every curve. Inward at the waist, flaring out at your hips, the perfect womanly hourglass. On down your thighs, hands flat now forming to the almost quivering muscles. Along calves tightly stretched by your tall heels. Then slowly back up, stroking the skin, drifting to the inside of your thighs, under the hem of your dress. Up under the soft satin finding the thin cord of your g-string, hooking it and drawing it down. Bearing your moist lips to the air, easing the material between your thighs, downward to the floor. Tapping each foot for you to lift as I clear the cloth from your feet. Caressing back up I press outward on your thighs, making you spread to ease my access.
Straightening up I wrap one arm across your breasts, feeling as they rise and fall with your quickening breath. My other hand drifts across your belly sliding on the satin, dipping down to the apex, the edge of your heated core. Pressing the smooth fabric in, feeling your moistness, the rapid stiffening of the nub of pleasure. Rolling it under my fingers.
"You will only cum with my permission" I whisper. Smiling as I imagine how long it will be till you beg me for permission.
May 25her
"Relax", you whisper softly in my ear. Your sultry, dark timbre resonates in me. It was your voice that drew me instantly to you, never forget when I picked up that phone and heard it for the first time. Mesmerized, didn't hear a word you said, as if struck by lightning, instant attraction.
I can feel your breath on my slightly bent neck, your smell surrounding me, intoxicating, slowly taking it in through my nose. When your hand touches the tense cords of my neck, my desire to feel it around my trachea is almost unbearable. I swallow, to try to relieve this tension, holding back a moan. My body heat rises, I feel my back radiating my heat. Your fingers bend around me, trailing down my sensitive skin, teasingly, outlining my feminine shapes. With a fluent move you remove my g-string and spread me, in reaction I arch, elongating my back, slightly tilting my hips instinctively towards you, offering. Your arm slides across my breasts, deliberate. I can feel your strong, hard muscles tightening, your chest pressed against my back, my pussy contracts, pulsates, awakening my inner lioness, wild, passionate, primal. Warm blood rushes to my most sensitive spot, filling, engorging, hardening, till she rises up in eager need to be satisfied, shamelessly. When your fingers touch I close my eyes, fill my lungs, let my body flow onto yours, the satin blindfold kissing my eyelids, yearning to be taken by you.
"You will only cum with my permission" you whisper in my ear.
Slowly you move you arm up and around my neck, the other taking my hair, tenderly, "Walk forward, beautiful".
May 26HIM
Hesitantly you move, small precise steps as if feeling your way across the floor. Hand in your hair I press forward, guiding, watching as your body moves, so undeniably sexy. I want to take you, feel you around me as you spasm, but not yet, not so long as I can maintain control.
Pulling back gently, I bring us to a stop. Unzipping your dress and letting it slip down to pool at your feet. The air caresses your body cooling your skin but not your passion. The air seems almost too cold as you softly shiver.
"Hands up" an order to be obeyed. Grasping your wrists I place your hands stretched apart and flat against the cool glass. Displayed to the world, your perfection mine to share the unknown eyes. You tense, as an inner battle rages, the excitement and embarrassment stroking your heat to another level.
"Do not move" as I release your arms. You are mine to control now, to use, to enjoy.
Tapping your inner thighs to open, exposing you completely. I step back, swiftly stripping as I watch you. The rise and fall of your breasts and you take overlarge breaths. The slow twisting and curling of your hips as they search, not knowing for what or why, but needing more. Naked I move behind you, my hardness pressed to your soft cheeks, chest to your silken back, my coarse hairs scratching. Breathing deep of your scent, so subtle yet powerful, it entranced me from our first meeting. Now it as a more sultry erotic note, the heady musk of your excitement. Somehow it makes me even harder, the need to be inside you growing toward a point beyond my control. Cupping your soft mounds I capture a nipple between thumb and finger. Slowly rolling, tugging the erect flesh, feeling them harden further as you gasp. Pulling them upward and outward, stretching the skin till the pleasure becomes pain. You move to follow them, leaning to the glass, pressing your ass more firmly against me. A sound escapes your throat, half growl half moan, the animal within becoming desperate for release.
May 28her
I place my hands against the glass and gasp. You're showing me to others, complete strangers, who can only see, but not touch, makes me hold my breath for a second. Our worlds now overlapping another, creating a whole other dimension. Showing me like a prized possession, fills me with pride, making me want to show you my devotion, my admiration, my wanting to be worthy of your desire. It feels like all eyes are on us, making me feel so very vulnerable, shy, embarrassed. Yet so incredibly sexy, worthy of being put on display. The contrast sets me on fire, my breathing fast, blood rushes, core muscles tightening pussy contracting, yearning for your touch. The moment you tap me to spread, I hesitate for a microsecond, but obey. Never have I felt so naked in my life, when you step back and I no longer feel the safety of your touch.
It's silent for a brief moment and all my senses heighten. I hear you come closer again and when I feel you stand behind me, your hair and skin caressing me, I feel almost relieved. You pinch my nipple hard, the sting, unpleasant at the skin, but sending waves of arousal through every fiber, vibrating, raging. I can feel my pussy, your cunt, convulsing, filling with my moist. The contractions making an outward movement, like a kiss, reaching out, my juices flowing out, wetting my lips, inner thighs, making them glisten, as an invitation to enter. I can even smell my need for you. A deep sound escapes me.
I push myself firmer to your body, yearning to feel you deep inside, merge with you, feed the fire I feel inside. I smell your breath as you place you face just behind my ear, your whole, strong, hard body pressed against mine. You tug my nipples again, hard, this time not releasing quickly, but very slowly. And as you almost relieve the tension, you pull again and hold it.
"Not a sound" you whisper. I manage to restrain myself from a scream, but fail to be completely silent. I gasp.
"What did I tell you? Not. One. Sound." and tug my nipples even harder. I bite my teeth hard, press my lips tight together and pinch my eyes to silence myself. I start breathing shallow and quick to channel the energy it creates.
In a split second you step back again, and the awareness of being stripped naked, spread for all to see, floods in again. For a whole grueling minute you leave me there. I can't sense if you are close or not, I start feeling anxious, feeling alone, stared at, vulnerable like never before.
"Please, please I mumble, please come here, plea..." Right in the middle of my pleading, you let the heavy, leather flogger land hard, right in between my shoulder blades and with a loving, sweet long stroke. You let the tails slide down my back and let them dangle against my stiffening nub of pleasure. The sensation causes my knees to buckle as I feel my skin starting to tingle.
May 29HIM
The sound of leather on flesh echoes through the room, adding to our excitement. The first stroke a startling introduction to what is to follow. I wait for you to straighten, to regain a small measure of control. Standing behind you admiring your form and determination. Starting at your shoulders, slow measured strokes, working downward. The faint red blush left behind by the tails spreads across the canvas that I will paint. I revel in the joy of creation, the giving of pain and pleasure.
After a full set of strokes I move closer, gently caressing the warm skin. Breathing in the scent of your pleasure. The contact heightening the bond, helping me to read your reaction, the willingness to continue. The desire to drive you higher inflames me. A short hard spank to each cheek, red hand print rising, as you cry out. No words but still a plea for more. Stepping back I can see you tense, every muscle alert and awaiting, anticipation stroking your overheated core.
Crack, the strokes resume, faster now, striking any and everywhere. Tails wrapping to catch your tender skin at your sides, even to the soft curves of each breast. The pain makes you spasm, a small cry as you attempt escape. Only to be struck upon the other side, there is no escape. You must accept, endure. But yet this makes you hotter, wetter, wanting more. Moving my focus lower, to the soft orbs, the hand prints still visible.
Now the strokes fly, hard and fast, driving into the delicious flesh. Left, right, above striking downward. You twist and turn, a dance only for me, created by my hand. Sound escapes from your throat, a long breathless wail, rising as the intensity within consumes you. Then a moments' relief as the strokes slowly climb up your back, panting as you struggle to remain in position. Almost gripping the glass, as the cold in your fingers reminds you of the prying eyes passively relishing your torment. But the fall of the flogger continues, down again, past the fire in your cheeks, now awakening the tight muscles in your thighs. Outer then inner, outer inner, creeping up from the knee. Fear blooms in your mind knowing where the leather is headed, will you be able, will it be too much.
May 31her
The cool glass presses against my hands, nails scratching, failing to find the needed grip, my feet pushing hard down in the floor, desperately in search for grounding. In an effort anchor myself in this position, my body instinctively wanting to flee from the pain, cringing only of the sound of the tails cutting through the air. Yet, in between the strokes, longing, craving for the next strike to land, the sharp pain igniting the fire that rages within me, overheating my core, engulfed by waves of lust.
I imagine how you look, standing behind me, strong, hard muscled body. Perfect body hair, carrying your intoxicating musky odor. How your arm moves, your wrist twisting and turning, skilled, self-assured, almost casual, the whip as an extension of your body. Abs tightening with every precisely placed stroke. The look on your face concentrated, deliberate, a little, hardly noticeable, but constant deviant smile twinkling in your eyes, revealing your pleasure of inflicting the pain, relishing your reign, your total control.
For a brief moment you come closer, tenderly touching me, feeling the red, thickened marks on my skin. Your fingertips sensing, connecting with my desire to be pushed further or not. The eyes of the audience making me only more determined to endure your commands, showing them my unlimited devotion to you.
Whoosh, crack, Whoosh crack. Inner outer. Inner outer. Skin cries, weeping almost, vocalized by my wails. I feel tears welling up, a physical reaction to the intense pain, when the tails wrap around the soft skin of my inner thigh, biting at the end. Slowly you creep up. Every well-placed stroke higher up. My anxiety rises, adrenaline flooding my brain, breathing faster, heart almost pounding, fear filling my every fiber as I feel the breeze of the tails as they fly by. Everything in me wants to yell out to stop, to end the torment, but instead I stretch my toes higher, push my cheek against the cool glass in between my hands, spread my legs further, arch my back. Opening my core fully and offer myself to you, while a deep growl escapes from deep within me.
Jun 1HIM
Focused on my target, a slight twist of the wrist, softer than the previous strokes for a more tender area. Crack, impact, tails seeking tender flesh, wrapping between lips, striking the swollen bud, tips eating into the puffy mound and up to the soft belly. An explosion of sensation, instantly overwhelming, a scream driven from deep inside, the world expands then collapses into a single point of fire, the aching clit.
Moving instantly to your side, arm around you, supporting as your control ends, sagging into my firm grip. A hand between your still open legs, caressing the hot red skin, slipping across the wet lips to gently touch the inflamed bud. Still standing proud, defiant. I press it, slowly rubbing, sending waves of pleasure everywhere, replacing the pain. Again the tide rises, a deep gasping breath, and the world crashes, exploding into a galaxy of hot pleasure. All reality forgotten in the one long moment of all encompassing bliss.
Jun 3her
Time slows down the moment your wild, raw, energy transcends from you through the handle, passed on into the ruthless tails. Like it wants to give every blissful moment the full undivided attention, to be savored, drowning in overwhelming pleasure. Just before the tails touch the tender flesh, they blow a little cold breeze over my moist, overheated core. Almost reassuring, like a tender kiss, before the inevitable agony. In my mind I can see the tails land on my tender, soft, anticipating, hot, lusty lips, curving around it. The wave continues in between them, intrusive, as it rolls on, for it to hit my pronounced swollen clit. It's nails ending, eating into the flesh of my belly. A primal scream escapes my body and in an instant my knees weaken, give in. Energy implodes inside my body, clenching my every fiber, surrounding it, tightening, almost suffocating with its strength. The world around me blackens and encloses me, sounds flows away...
I feel your strong arm catching me, warm, soft as you gently slip your hand in between my red, hot, aching lips. When your fingertip touches my clit, light floods in again and waves of ultimate pleasure roll through me... My lungs open up, my hands and feet start tingling, and I am overtaken by an explosion of sheer pleasure. My whole body shaking in utter delight. Tears roll down my face from the intensity as I slowly transcend from the bliss as you slowly lower my body to the floor. As you kiss my hair, you undo the blindfold, trail your finger along the cords of my neck and tap my chin. Your place your warm, soothing hands around my face and gently kiss my lips. Overwhelmed by the urge to feel your skin, your hair all about me, against me, in me, get lost in your intoxicating scent, I reach out to you.
My eyes look up to you, begging. "Allow me to please you... I need to feel your body, please..."
HIM
Easing to a sitting position against the glass, your flushed face in my hands, brushing away the tracks of your salty tears, leaning in for a long deep kiss. Tongues dancing, breath forgotten for the moment. Then as we separate I look into your eyes, seeing the submission, the desire to please there. Releasing you I nod, directing your gaze to my aroused member.
"Pleasure me" I almost growl. Your hand reaches out, almost tentative, sliding across my tight belly, brushing the nest of dark curls. Glancing back briefly at me, a shy smile to tell me this is what you want, need, to serve and give of yourself.
Your small hand wraps around the soft silken flesh, gently stroking, feeling the blood pulse within. Your head lowers, mouth open slightly, breathing in the heady male scent. Tongue extends licking, tasting the tip, I stiffen in your grasp. Now it's my turn to gasp as your warm mouth envelopes the tender head, a gentle suction as your hot tongue bathes me. Spreading my legs wide, you move between them. Watching as you move, graceful yet full of purpose. Settling yourself on your knees, ass up, head down, you look up at me, our eyes meet as you suck. The sensation almost too much nearly forcing me to look away, but I meet your challenge, lightly thrusting, reminding you of the task in your hand.
Jun 5her
The hard wood floor is cold to the touch, smooth against my legs. As I raise my glowing, red ass, the air emphasizing my sodden core, I lower my head. Your scent so manly, sultry, rising up, warmed by your arousal. Slowly you widen your legs, giving your consent for my desire, my need to please you. I open my lips and as I slide your smooth tip in me. I also take in your irresistible pheromones, slowly through my nose. Savoring the musky scent, in a conscious moment to capture this memory. Our eyes meet and the moment you feel my widened tongue softly against you, you glance changes for a second. Wanting to look away, but you regain yourself.
As our eyes lock, I move my hand down, caressing your silky skin and slide a finger and my thumb firmly around the base. I feel a vein throbbing lightly as I intensify my grip. I keep sliding down slowly, slightly alternating the intensity of the suction, until my lips meet my fingers. I firm up my grip now, you stiffen even more filling up my warm, wet mouth. The other hand I place just underneath your warm, full, balls, fingers flowing lightly over them. We both know what will follow and in anticipation you growl, your pupils widen, breath shallow, abs tightening, moving your legs, restless. I feel my eyes sparkling.
I breathe in deep, push my hand up firmly, let go grip of my thumb and finger at the base and push you in my mouth as deep as I possibly can. Past my tonsils, into my tight throat, cutting of my breath. Swallowing you in even deeper in a desperate attempt against my body's natural reflex. My eyes fill up with tears, I feel my throat secreting the magical fluid, slick, glistening strands between your rigid cock and my lips, as I come up for air. You buck your hips, back arches, abs contract involuntary, eyes widen as your eyes enter my soul. Gently I spread the juices all over you, I can see it trailing down, in between your strong buttocks, wetting the floor. I take you in again, I feel your big hand sliding through my hair. I close my eyes concentrating on my breath, in an effort to hold for as long as possible. I fight the urge to come up for air, but can't anymore. You feel me coming up to desperately take in oxygen and whisper.
"No, no, no darling. Only at my mercy." and push me down hard.
I moan, cough, gag, fighting panic. I succeed for a few seconds, by keeping still. Extra push, I start to blacken, a tingling sensation in my head, my whole upper body convulsing, struggling... As all sound fades away I tap off on your leg. Abruptly you pull me up by my hair.
Tears roll down my face, my eyes hurt from the intense pressure. You kiss them off my face, and kiss me deeply, passionately. Slowly our kiss ends, our foreheads touching, both panting, inhaling each others' breath. I place my hands gently on your wide shoulders, and with little kisses down your perfect body I make my way down. When I place my soft lips on your tender sensitive, yearning tip, I put my hands underneath your cheeks, push you up and continue my path of kisses. To end up being competently intoxicated by your musky scent, I gently let my tongue circle your delicious tight muscle... a deep, raw animal like sound escapes from your core.
HIM
The intense pleasure as you inch downward, each thrust a world of sensation. The small pop as I enter your tight throat, now so deep inside your barely willing body. A spasm racks my body as you pull back, gasping. I must slow this, regain my control, I will not be forced to cum too soon, not until I experience all you have to offer.
Threading a hand into your soft silky hair, following it down, then holding firm as you begin to struggle. "No, no, no darling. Only at my mercy."
Testing your limits, reminding you of your submission, pushing you to the edge. A desperate tap as you fade. Gripping your hair I pull you up, knowing you have fought hard to please me I delight at the evidence of the struggle on your face. Beautiful tears, caused by me earned by you. Kissing each to acknowledge them, then your lips, source of my pleasure. Long deep sharing of passion, stealing the breath form both of us, locked together we rest a moment. I wonder what secrets you will reveal next to me. Laying back accepting your touch and direction, allowing myself a small smile as your kisses create magic.
"Aaaggggrrrrr" the touch of your tongue against my hidden weakness. The sensation almost unexpected but very welcome. Wanting more I roll my hips up, wanting to push you, force you to pleasure my ass, resisting and gripping my thighs. This will be your choice, your chance to give me the most intimate of pleasure. I am overwhelmed as the warm wet tip caresses me, igniting every nerve. I can feel the heat of your breath against my skin, exhaling even as you do. Then you shift, teasing done the tip finds the center and presses in, forcing a path. My back arches, every muscle tense, so like an unending orgasm.
her
As you roll up further towards me, yearning for the tip of my tongue I place my hands on your hips. Pulling you onto the floor, freeing your magnificent buttocks, so you are in a comfortable position. My hands wander down your body from the back of your head, sliding down your neck, chest, stomach, hips. I bend over a bit, slowly taking in your musky, manly scent, as I kiss your navel. The little hairs tickling my lips. Eyes close for a moment, letting this moment seep through every fiber. Time seems to slow down with us, as our breaths become deeper and slower.
I place my hands on your cheeks and gently spread them apart. Opening you up to me, tenderly. Your body contracts in anticipation, your tight muscle pulling in and pushing out, reaching, wanting, yearning. The mix of lust and vulnerability glimmering in your eyes, puts a little smile on my face. As I drown in your eyes, I let my warm wet tongue circle around, teasingly I blow some air on your ass, causing involuntary little convulsions. I pull your cheeks further apart, you push out a bit, welcoming. I press in my tip down the center, you push back as I firm up my tongue, stretching it, wanting to enter warm your body as deep as I can. I feel a vein throbbing inside you, underneath the silken, smooth skin. I place my hands on your hips, pushing you into my face, the skin of your silken balls covering my nose, eyes and back again. My tongue sliding in and out. Your back arches, legs move, feet sliding down the slick wood, hands clenching. Muscles tightening as an orgasm is about to flood your body. Desperately I hope you will not go there yet, I want to keep giving, serving you... A sigh of relief leaves me as you softly push me away...
When your panting slows down, I pull your legs up a bit more. I bend down my head and kiss you lightly. A fingertip teasing, tapping the center. Then I place my warm mouth over you and as I suck on you, I push in my tongue again. Deep. You reach in between your legs, grab the back of my head and pull my head, pushing my face into you, covering my face, my eyes. Suddenly you let go, push me away and sit up. In a swift move, showing strength, your arms wrap around me. Lifting me like child, safe and warm against your chest, carrying me to the bed.
You throw me on my back. Yet as I settle into the cool satin sheets you climb onto the bed, you weight driving ripples across the mattress. You tower over me and slowly lower yourself onto my face. Your ass on my mouth, balls completely covering my face, smothering me. With one hand you push my knees apart and slap me hard in between my legs, my lips and clit still glowing from the tails. My loud scream is smothered, the shock of the sudden pain and lack of air, I struggle hard, but you push me down with one hand on my belly and sit on me with almost your full weight.
HIM
Seeking, wanting, yearning for more. Barely aware of anything but you, drifting in a world of pleasure. Waiting for you then needing your touch more and more. Searching for traction, trying to find a way to completion and release just beyond my grasp. Grasping you to force you in, but I need more. Pushing you back to regain a bit of control. Too soon to end this dance.
Dominance rising, demanding, as the need to control reasserts itself. Moving us to a place of greater comfort. Climbing up to take a position of power, your beautiful face submissively beneath me, soon covered in my maleness. Even your breath now mine as I lower my ass to your lips. Long legs flung carelessly on the bed attract me, pussy peeking out, red from its earlier abuse. Still, it begs me for more. Shoving your legs open the lips glisten back at me, daring me to action.
Smack, my hand attacks your sensitive core, you buck hard, screaming into me, no one will hear you. Hand on your flat belly pushing you into the restraining mattress, allowing more of my weight to settle on you. Yet your legs stay open, ready. SMACK, harder now, knowing you can not escape. Taking my pleasure in your pain, feeling your scream against my skin. SMACK, now your hips twist, legs kicking, seeking to ease the intensity. A light touch on a creamy thigh and you lay back, opening wide, breath labored as you fight for enough air, preparing for the next blow.
Gently I caress the heated red skin, sliding through the wet lips, sinking two fingers into the sopping hole. Pumping lightly, not deeply, a hint of what's to come. Easing back up, your clit on fire, standing full and proud, circling it with a fingertip. I feel your moan vibrating my ass. Slowly I circle it, enough to excite but not nearly satisfy. Shifting my hips to remind you of your task. The warmth of your tongue returns to my puckered ring. Bathing it, seeking to please every nerve. Lips locked firmly you press in, slowly fucking me. Working hard to please me, as I grant your reward, two fingers now, stroking the erect shaft of your clit, almost jerking you off and you fuck me. Speeding up bit by bit, as your hips begin to move. Feeling every hot panting breath beneath me, yet your tongue does not stop. Teasing circling probing thrusting, as the heat from your clit spreads throughout you. Each pass a bit faster, each circle a bit tighter, delving briefly into the moist opening then back. Driving you only up, knowing the wave is rising within you, nearly cresting.
SMACK, impact overwhelming flesh, back arching, legs slapping closed. A guttural scream, long and wailing. I lift to hear it better, knowing that the spasms I feel are the orgasm destroying you.
Moving swiftly to lay beside you, I draw our bodies together. Gasping as the last waves of orgasm wash away you press tight to me. Arm around you, I brush the hair, wet with sweat, from your face. Caressing a soft sweet cheek. Slowly you return to me, breath slow and deep, a shy smile dances across your lips as you lick them. Tasting and savoring a memory.
Stiffly insistent my cock slides between your round cheeks, eased by the sweat, pleased by the heat, yet pressing for attention.
Jun 9her
SMACK. Your hand lands hard, precise, my flesh screaming in pain and delight, the sharp pain shuts my legs. The sudden uncontrolled movement pushing the screams of my flesh outward, seeking release, ending in a primal scream. Waves of heat flood through my defenseless body, shooting out in every direction. Down my legs, into my feet, erupting in thousands of tingles, almost unbearable, soles of my feet sliding down the silky sheets to find release. Up my spine, electric waves, ending in a burst of little stars, illuminating the darkness of my closed eyes. All disappears, only we remain in this universal bliss. My body desperately seeking your for comfort, needing your reassuring touch as I come down.
You move beside me, your tender caring touch slowly causing me to return to you, to the safety of your strong arms. All my senses opened up, aware of all sensations. Our skins touching from our feet to our lips, your arms around me, strong body holding me, overwhelmed by your masculinity, our scents becoming one, drops forming of sweat rolling down my face, belly, filling up my navel. I slowly lick my lips, tasting you, tasting your essence. As I feel your hardness slides between my cheeks, a mix of feelings fill me. I feel intensely grateful, never so desired and beautiful. At the same time I am slightly troubled, that I have let myself go and be swept away by your irresistible touch, sliding me of into utter bliss, diverted of my task, of my intense desire to serve you. Please, let me please you, I beg you. Guide me to your every need, desire. For I am yours...
HIM
Rolling you onto your belly, pulling your arm wide, I pull cuffs on short straps from their hiding place behind the mattress. Wrapping each wrist tightly and drawing the straps tight, pinning your arms in place. Shifting back to straddle your soft warm cheeks, using my feet to push your legs closed. Sliding myself into the cleft, wet with your sweat and juices, the soft stiff head dragging across the puckered hole and between your lips. Pressing down I ease in, opening and stretching you, the heat incredible, so tight yet welcoming. You arch up feeding me in deeper, I can feel your hunger. Driving steadily feeling every bit of you, till I hit bottom as my coarse hairs scratch the softness of the up thrust cheeks. Pausing I lean forward, laying my weight on you, trapping you beneath me.
"Not yet my slut, a good girl has to earn her pleasure" Pulling back and giving one hard deep thrust, air rushes from you lungs as you moan. The fullness so satisfying, so encompassing, all you can hear is your body screaming MORE.
Climbing off the bed, pulling your legs open and cuffing them spread wide, you groan, a small mewling cry of loss and passion denied. Brushing the hair back gently as the blindfold slips back into place, your world will be within now, an echo chamber of whatever sensations I decide to grant you.
As I step back, admiring the beautiful canvas before me. Your senses reach out, trying to figure out what I'm doing, what I have in mind. The sound of a zipper, loud to your straining ears, clicks, bumps, whispers of leather in motion. The anticipation and frustration mounts, tugging gently at the bonds, rubbing against the sheets, needing sensation, satisfaction, passion.
June 10 her
"Not yet my slut, a good girl has to earn her pleasure" you whisper as you lay your dominance on me, trapping me with your weight, pinning me down from inside. Vibrations of your deep voice, the smell of your warm breath intoxicating. Uncontrollable pulses taunt my yearning core, craving, screaming for satisfaction. Pushing outward, seeking your body, beckoning, begging please not to stop, please... I struggle hard to repress the instinct to bend my legs and try to keep you inside me as your thrust deep, pull out and climb of the bed. The sudden abandonment is overwhelming, leaving me craving, more naked than I ever felt before. A cool breeze a reminder of where we merged.
You push out my legs. Cuff them. Pinning me down completely, no longer able to resist, totally subjected to your will, your reign. The blindfold narrowing my senses, pulling me deeper into our universe, awareness of other realities cease to exist, devoured by our passion, cravings, lust... Even the darkness, caused by the silken fabric is no longer there.
The sound of the zipper causes my heart to skip a beat. Blood rushes, heart beating out of my chest. Leather moving, clicks, bumps. Anticipation turns into nervous anxiety, the fear of not being able to take what is to come, failing to serve you, not to earn your touch.
HIM
A cold hard shaft nestles between your buttocks, a drape of leather across your shoulders, soft cloth but oddly heavy on your lower back. Something light tingles the back of your calves, cool broad pressure settles on your thighs. My canvas now prepared, tools at the ready, a masterpiece of quivering flesh to create.
In rapid succession all traces disappear, replaced by the familiar leather fingers of my favorite flogger. Dragged slowly from neck to back to ass to feet. Each area responds, shoulders twist, back arches, ass presses down to the mattress perhaps seeking stimulation, legs wiggle a delightful dance so enticing to watch.
A hand follows, around the neck, then moving your hair from your face, the better to watch its reactions. Across the shoulders, massaging briefly, checking tension. Down each side feeling every rib, every expansion as the air flows in and out. Up into the lower back skiing along the curves with fingertips. Gripping each soft round cheek, firmly testing its readiness, down the firmly muscled thighs, fingers wide and pressing in. Gently stretching each calf, the tension strong here as you are pulled wide, open for me. The back up along the more intimate inner surface, you move, a small graceful gesture, revealing the turmoil in you. Along the tender inner thigh always so protected and sensitive, now available to my whims.
Finally, pausing at the apex, close enough to feel the dampness you create, sensing the heat building within. You roll the hips slowly, begging for attention, pleading for a touch that will grant release. I smile, almost laughing, knowing what it will take for me to grant it to you. After a long moment the touch is gone, only cool air in its wake.
The first CRACK, is always the loudest, most intense, the glorious sound of an open palm on a soft cheek. The glowing red imprint calls out for more. CRACK, the other cheek joins her sister in glowing heat. A brief caress to ease the warmth in deeper. Then the blows fall, one after another back and forth, no pattern, no area missed.
June 12her
The strange heavy, but soft feeling on my lower back, tingling on my calves, the cool, covering sensations on my thighs, leaving my mind wondering, curious. Hands exploring my body, checking its readiness, or resistance, tension, connecting, sensing, contemplating. Teased by the tails of the flogger recognized from earlier.
CRACK.
Finally. The relief is overwhelming when I hear and feel the first crack. My relief travels just in front of the intense sharp pain. My relief, flooding through my body, clearing it of boundaries, resistance, paving the way for what's to come, welcoming the pain. The feared, dreaded pain, like an entity of itself, seems to scream with me. First traveling deep inside me, spreading all out, raging, before forming a ball of energy, on fire, in need for an escape. Exploding outward again, to the place where it was inflicted. I feel the energy hitting my skin from within, spreading out, setting my cheek on fire. Drawing the outline of your strong hand, every finger, one by one, thumb, before filling the drawing in completely. I feel the skin rise as you gently caress it, even the soft touches feeling sharp, stinging. The drawing you have created, is not only visible, but tangible. I imagine you closing your eyes when you follow the edges of the outline, enjoying the ridge, the swollen borders. Smiling when you place your full hand on it, remembering how it landed, feeling the warmth spreading evenly.
I find myself yearning for the next crack, fearing the sharpness intensely, as my body is resisting, trying to protect itself instinctively, wanting to avoid, get away. Away from the danger that it is subjected to. My mind longing for the intense pleasure right after the impact, bringing sweet, needed release from the devouring anticipation. CRACK. The second crack bringing welcome balance, the symmetry somehow causing calmness in my mind, a soothing stillness. Nothing else existing but the two glowing, fiery hands. I breathe in as deep as I can, filling my lungs with air, creating space. It feels blue, like the sky, like ice, letting the raw, red patches float on my skin.
Then sudden chaos, randomness, hands landing anywhere and every were. Heavy, hard. The serenity of the stillness brutally chased of by the rain of impacts. Boom, mind explodes, body whimpers, cries. Desperately seeking patterns, rhythm, wanting to prepare for the impact somehow, bracing for the pain ahead. All in vain. Blows keep landing all over, in rapid succession. Heartbeat seems to spread throughout, fighting fear of the body, fighting the instincts. Loud, overwhelming. Failing to repress my natural flight impulse, my hands and legs pulling hard, desperately trying to escape this mayhem. Cuffs biting my skin tighter with each futile attempt. My mind racing, in need to find a way to endure, since there is no escape...
HIM
Your body moves, a jerking dance of escape that can't be found. My focus is only on the motion of these delicate cheeks, red color blooming, heat rising. Hands begin to sting, I wonder how much worse it is for the tender flesh beneath me. I stop, pulling back to my less sadistic self. I watch you, panting, deep gulps of air, desperate to catch up to the pain, yet lifting to get more, feel more.
A single cube of ice, freezing cold against red-hot flesh. I can imagine a sizzling sound as I slide it across the abused skin. A long deep moan, relief and joy evident, easing back to the spread my bonds hold you in. All too soon the cooling is gone, trails of water dripping toward your hot core, tickling.
SLAP, heavy leather impact, a wide strap covering your ass. A shocked scream escapes from the sudden shock. SLAP The strap returns, a bit higher, the sensation different, the spread of pain less but yet across so many nerves. Slowly the blows fall. A measured pace, giving time to breathe, steadily marching up and down. Ass to shoulders, back to the uplifted ass, on to thighs and calves. Each stroke barely overlapping and leaving no where alone. Lighting a new fire within, the burn everywhere. Finally focused on my preferred target, as you lift and present it to me for each blow, begging for the impact. A wish I gladly grant.
Reaching between your open thighs I grant you another gift. Shoving two fingers into your sodden core, hard thrusting invaders taking not asking to enter. Knuckles against soft lips, pounding in, dragging fingertips across the walls. Wet noises mix with deep moans as I assault your core, "Only when I tell you to cum"
Back tightly arched, stomach tense you resist the effects of my probing assault. Time unending as the fire consumes.
"NOW slut, CUM for ME" the sound echos off the walls. Lurching as a spring within releases. Hips pumping my hand, wetness flowing, lungs emptying in a long ecstatic scream. My heart stops, hand locked in place for you to use, cock stiffens as my body echos yours. I let the feeling wash through me but not the climax, that I save for a place deep inside you.
June 14her
Desperately I try to control my breathing, in an effort to guide the pain, channel its overpowering sensations. Driven by the immense fear of not being able to take it, failing you. Body in panic, screaming of the intense sharp pain, my skin feels raw, open. The stinging is so sharp, its voice cutting through to all, trying to overtake my body, over-screaming my mind. With every exhalation a high wailing, crying sound comes from deep within, seeking a rhythm to hold on to. The intense will to serve you in an epic battle with your torture.
Then silence, the expected blows gone. Nothing. I gasp deeply from the sudden stillness, the difference with the fighting panic is almost incomprehensible. Empty, still, deafening silence. When the relief sets in, my skins grief is hesitatingly seeking attention, wanting to be comforted, loved, held, soothed, the need met by the smooth cold ice cube. Skin so overheated it doesn't even flinch from the first icy touch. A sigh of relief, runs through me, the sweet cold of the water kisses my heated core, so welcome, grateful for the mercy it's been given. Slowly my breaths regulate, panting turning into even, deep intakes.
SLAP. Yell. Scream. Boom, back again. Fearing the mayhem, the randomness, the chaos. SLAP. Higher, wider. More evenly on my skin, a broader sensation. Again.. Again.. Again.. Higher up.. Left.. Right.. Left.. Right.. One.. Two.. One.. Two.. Regular, sweet rhythm. My breaths synchronizing with the pace of the impacts, skin entangled in an intimate dance with the leather, in tune. Left.. Right.. Left.. Up.. Up.. Up.. Perfectly placed, expected blows. My mind sinks into my body, merge, all disappears as I become one with the leather, with you. Every sweet, painful, loving touch ending as a wave of lust in my heated core. Breaths in through my nose, out through my mouth, the sound of air leaving, following every strike. Slap.. Breath.. Slap.. Breath.. The sensations engulf my core, heating it up even more, waves and waves of lustful pleasure gathering. Growing.
Down the leather travels. Following the same path with even steps. With every blow that lowers, the sensations in my core rise and rise. Lower.. Lower.. Down my back. I rise up to you, spreading out, in desperate need to be granted the touch of the warm leather. I growl as you skip my core and move down my legs. A suppressed wail follows. One. Two. One. Two. Calves. One. Two. One. Two. Up again. My abs tighten in anticipation, the tension starting to prevent a regular breath. In desperate need of release my back arches, rises up to you, open, begging, pleading for your touch. Up.. up.. up.. it comes, only one stroke away. I hold my breath, an almost unbearable anticipation overtaking me. SLAP. The sensation rushes, its energy shooting up my body, my mind. Two fingers. Hard, deep. Unapologetic. Owning. Possessing. Probing. Full. Faster. I suck in the overwhelming urge to release, almost impossible, fighting, pushing away from the edge of bliss. My legs tighten up hard, it takes all my bodily power to fight it off.
"NOW slut CUM for ME" The sudden sound of your beautiful deep voice seems to fill the entire space around us, entering my heart, my core, my all. A mix of emotions bundles into one. Relieve, sweet relieve, gratitude, proud I endured this round, as proof, my reward granted by you. Connected. My body relaxes and an immense wave of crazy desire, animalistic instinctive lust overflows my body. The universe opens up as we become one.
HIM
Time spins slowly, frozen here as we rise, bound by an invisible thread, breathing in sync. Winding downward from the clouds, merging with reality again, awareness seeping in. Slipping my hand away, massaging your warm skin, bringing you back to me. Glancing over I realize we have toy yet unused, but first a shared reward. Moving onto the bed I brush the hair from your face, cupping a cheek and caressing a thumb across full lips. You open to me, dreamily accepting my fingers for a taste of yourself.
Shifting I bring myself to your mouth, still erect but a bit drained by our shared orgasm. Nudging forward you accept me, sucking to draw me in, tongue washing across the soft head. Pumping in short strokes, swelling and rising to the task. Feeling the softness of your tongue on one side, the roughness of your mouth on the other, both filling me with pleasure. Then the back of your mouth, a brief gag as I press in, craning your neck to ease the passage. A final thrust and my balls are against your chin, holding in the tight depths to enjoy the moment. Ever so slowly back, feeling everything, the suction fighting to retain its hold. The head at your lips, "Are you ready for more?"
A brief nod and something more moan than answer in reply. My hand moves to the back of your head, long deep thrusts now, each popping into your throat. Taking my pleasure from your face, giving you only a bare moment to breathe. Your lips swell from the impact, pressed tightly around me, hanging on. I wonder if you can feel it as I swell, head hard now, shaft stiff. My breathing ragged as I extract and thrust, galloping closer to the peak.
A final push, hard and deep, breath held, cock held in your too tight throat. Ascension, bliss, pumping heat from within, swelling pulses rush along me. The first few lost down your throat, pulling back I fill your eager mouth. Cheeks filling, swallowing hard to keep up, working to please me. A long ragged cry rages from my throat, a cry of ancient conquest, taking what's mine. As my pulse slows, the last of my essence in your mouth, stroking your cheek. "Swallow", then feeling as you wash the now soft silky head.
I sense a sadness in you. Moving my face to yours, I kiss those puffy red lips gently. "Not to worry girl, there will be more for you, later."
You smile in reply, no words to express the joyful anticipation. Knowing more of you will be filled by me.
"Now my pet are your ready for a real beating" you can't see but I know you can hear the smile on my face, as the sadist within prepares for the next act.
Jun 18her
Your thumb slides across my lips as you brush some hair from my face. The room, sheets, window present themselves again, like they did a step back, not wanting to disturb the moment of ultimate, everything surpassing bliss. I taste my sweet, creamy nectar, a sweet, salty, tangible reminder of the incredible intense release.
You move onto the bed with me, your body heat radiating, caressing my red, sensitive skin. The soft silky head touching my lips, a gentle annunciation, before sliding in my warm welcoming mouth. Pressing my tongue with even tension from your head to your shaft, in a need to feel as much as possible of you. To give my all to you. The softness of your cock, the sign we merged to one as you granted me my orgasm.
Your hand wraps around my neck, tilting for a smooth passage. You press in your tip, filling my mouth, sucked and pressed up to my palate with my tongue, cheeks sucking inward, forming slick, but tight walls, lips closing you in. A deep growl escapes me as you push past my tonsils and break through the resistance from my too tight throat. I can feel my neck bulge under your hand as you push through and pause there, granting my body a little moment to accept this unapologetic invasion. I craved for this moment so deeply, to be yours, subdued, surrendering, to become part of you, melted together.
'Are you ready for me?' A moan, muffled by your cock, I answer yes. Yes, yes, yes, yes. Please, please, take me, posses me, own me. I need to feel your carnal, primal lust raging through me. Deeper harder thrust, popping in and out, hands wrapped tight at the back of my head now, pushing my face into your balls. Hard impacts now. The pressure builds up, pushes my eyes, in return I shut them tight, pressing back the energy where it needs to be, with you. My lips pushed hard into you, swelling from the impacts. I can feel your whole cock getting rigid, veins almost floating on your shaft, stiff, hard shaft, the thin skin allowing my lips to feel every single millimeter. You pull out for a second, reminding me to take a breath, the white fireflies dancing around in my head, driven off by the oxygen. I moan, a carnal moan, the ultimate overwhelming desire to give you my breath.
Faster you go now, popping my throat with every thrust, my body gagging for saliva, easing the passage. Long strands pull between us with every time you pull out, covering my face, your balls, connecting. I feel and smell your sweet musk, saliva and sweat covered balls leaving your scent trail on me. Marking me. This is mine.
I feel every fiber of you preparing for the reward, the unloading, all transcending sensations, bliss. I prepare myself for the warm gulfs of your essence, breathing in deep, lungs filled, opening up my all.
One more thrust, a deep ancient cry. Pulses, waves, all energy shooting out in one direction, deep in me, your warm seed feeding my soul. Shaking you pull back, treating me of the taste of your last essence. "Swallow."
I swallow softly, licking your tip clean, greedy, wanting to taste every last drop, swirling it first around, to savor your taste. Breathing out through my nose, taste all of its layers, before letting it become one with my body and soul. A faint sad feeling overcomes me, not willing to let this feeling to end.
You sense my need for you and as you kiss my lonely lips, you assure me: "Not to worry girl, there will be more for you later". An intense, thankful, humble, joyful overwhelming relief follows. To be halted abruptly by your words, as my breath stalls. "Now, my pet. Are you ready for a real beating?"
The intense joy I feel you radiating, fills me deep anticipation, and deep fear. The twinkle in your eyes pierces right through the blindfold, revealing the sadist in you. The one you are about to let out of its cage. Breath changes from deep and slow, to up, in a second, shallow, soft panting. A primal, instinctive bodily reflex, to stay as still as possible, trying to become invisible, to escape from the view of the predator. I swallow in an effort to calm my nerves.
HIM
Moving about I release your bonds, gently rolling you over and re-securing both ankles. Lifting you up I move behind you, clipping the wrist cuffs together behind you. Sitting with your back on my chest, head rolling back to my shoulder. Wiping our emissions from your face with a soft cloth, placing a water bottle to your lips. Watching the gulps expand and slide down your beautiful throat, much as I did only moments ago. Nestling against me for warmth and closeness. Your legs shift, trying to close, to protect the soft core. My hand caresses across your belly, tracing the fold at the thigh, then cupping the still swollen mound. "This is mine pet, you will not hide it from me."
After a final sip I ease you back to the bed, moving your arms to a wide stretch before securing them. Admiring the display, the round swell of perfect 'hand' sized breasts, the inward curve of ribs to narrow waist. The voluptuous outward flare of your hips, tapering down to now tense thighs and calves. I wonder at the beauty and find I still can't decide which side is better.
Cupping, caressing, massaging the soft mounds, rolling nipples between fingers, feeling them stiffen. They seem to know what's coming and stand, rigid and proud in anticipation. Gripping them I draw upward, stretching the pliant flesh, orb pulls to cone, pain begins to flare. You arch up, following, trying to ease the strain. As the gasping moan escapes I stop, suspending you, every muscle tense, beginning to quiver. Then release, you drop with a sigh, the moment of pain fading into a new heat.
Smack, Smack. Spanking the perfect orbs, making sure to strike the soft underside. The blows continue, striking nipples, the tender sides, pushing the pliant tit in all directions. Small lightning strikes to re-ignite a blaze within. All too soon it stops, then the leather tails of my flogger return. Not the soft heavy tailed one but a smaller, meaner, thin tailed toy. At first caressing then striking. Tips biting into the skin, I move about the bed being sure to cover every angle, every inch of your heaving chest.
Finally, standing between your open legs I work downward, across the tense belly, teasing each hip. Then hard on the exposed mound, all sharp tips biting, no soft tails here. Your hips lift and twist, moving of their own volition, yearning for escape, but denied. My stokes fall on inner thighs, on the cleft of belly and leg, on the small patch of hair, on the outer lips. A driving rain of sensation and pain, unending, unyielding. The moan turns rapidly to a scream, an almost constant wail. Music to my ears.
Bucking upward, searching for pleasure in the pain, yearning yet accepting what I give you. I can feel the tension in you approaching failure, your world filled to capacity. I stop, you fall to the bed spent, but a new terror begins, the buzzing faint to me but loud in your ears. The curved wand slips easily into your heated core, the end pressed to the stiff clit. I can feel the red heat within as I caress the skin I have abused. Enjoying the gentle sighs and moans as the pleasure mixes with the pain.
Jun 22her
The coarse hairs of your chest rub my taunt skin as I sink into your body, my head on your strong wide shoulder. Your skin is soothing, cooled down from the layer of sweat covering you. The water so cold, so clean, pure. My body grateful for the replenishment, feeling it slide down my throat, landing in my stomach, the cold spreading. The feeling of safety, shelter, against your body, supporting me, holding me caring for it basal needs is overwhelming. Unconsciously my body moves into almost a fetal position, closing my legs, turning in my shoulders, sinking into total relaxation, no thoughts, wants, needs. A transcending relaxation, the all and the nothing all at once. You, me as one, levitating, in time and space. Your hand slides down my belly, hands tenderly cupping my engorged mound.
"This is mine, pet, you will not hide it for me". Your words cutting through the dreamy state like a knife. Boom! Alert.
You lower me down. My back on the bed and cuff me again. I feel powerful and vulnerable at the same time with my arms and legs spread out on the bed. Tall and open. I feel your gaze across my body, caressing it with your beautiful mind. Then you hand slides across the underside of my breasts, cupping them. My nipples between fingers as you pull them up, stretching them, getting a feel for their sensitivity at this moment. You pull them harder, further up, a little pleasurable sting spreads out through the mounds, flowing down to my core. My back instinctively arches and I feel my back and the bed parting. A muffled shriek resonates through me, instigating a tremble throughout my body, leaving my skin and muscles vibrating. Suddenly you release me, a short shot of pain, followed by deep sigh relief. A smile runs across my face. I love to feel your strength, pulling me up with such ease, using merely your fingertips.
With no time in between to savor this moment, you palm lands hard on my tits. From all sides they come, descending on me, sharp pains to the skin, a deeper pain inside the tender tissue. I growl, my legs start to move around, my feet sliding, pressing hard, down into the mattress, in search of draining the pain into the bed, a desperate effort to be able to bear this intense pain. My whole body ignites, flaring up the intense desire.
Hands replaced by the hated two-faced flogger again. The soft tails dancing on my fiery skin. Kissing, teasing, building up the tension, SMACK. Earlier than expected for some reason the tails transform from gentle to harsh, mean, steadfastly. Moving down my body quickly, on my mounds, across the side, making my body flinch, a welcome little pause when descending on the less tender hips. Moving downward, stinging on my tense thighs, the tails curling around, hitting the soft inside. Coming down merciless on my lips, my center, my essence. My body leaning into the intense torture, my feet pressing down, every muscle in tension to their max, desperately bracing myself.
In my mind I hear you and the tails laughing, a villainous laugh almost, an intense unification, between you, as two as partners in crime. Both knowing my defeat is nearing fast. I can hear my cries, not recognized as my own, filling the space around us. It reminds of a puppy in need for shelter, scared. Naked, afraid, yelping, howling continuously. My mind slides inside my body, from my head, sinking inside my flesh and bones. Nothing else exists for that moment, there is no more I, no more you. All becomes one. One euphoric feeling, bodily senses and emotions one, no separations. Transcending everything, spiraling up, unified with the universe as the reign of pain suddenly ends.
My cries are slowly driven off by a buzzing sound, slowly bringing me back into reality. The faint sound quickly encloses me, and at the moment I realize what the sound is, you slide the smooth, vibrating wand and placing it to my intensely sensitive, abused, begging clit. The touch soft, gentle, tickling, but hardly bearable for my abused, raw body. The vibrations connecting with my lips somehow, an invisible tread connecting them, making them tingle, nerve endings lighting up. To ease the feeling I let my tongue slide across my dry lips. My yelping faded, replaced by deep, sultry moans, as the intense pleasure engulfs my body, carried on big waves, like the surf of a calm ocean. Flooding the land, slowly retracting, before flooding it again, feeding it with life.
You climb on the bed, gently moving my legs closer together and straddle over me, your firm warm buttocks on my upper legs, your balls covering my full mound. You shift your weight forward, I feel your intense body heat radiating against my abused skin, warming it, calming. Your scent merging with mine. You bend over and place your face at the side of mine, the corners of our lips barely touching. Your breath caresses my cheeks and ears, your fingertips run up my neck, up in my wet hair, tenderly wandering over my scalp. I rise up, in need for the touch of your skin on mine. Yearning to feel all of you, your skin on mine, covering as much as possible, I want to wrap my legs around your strong core, my feet on your ass, sliding up and down the backs of your legs and up again. My hand caressing your lean, muscular, back, exploring your shoulder blades, tracing every inch. My hands moving to your chest, pinching your nipples, running my fingers through your chest hair, before moving on again, down to your abs, sides, hands spread wide, wanting to caress you all at once. I tug of my cuffs, the need to touch you hardly bearable.
"Please, please, let me touch you, please. I beg you, I need to feel all of you", I plead as I feel tears welling up in my eyes, overtaking all, my surpassing desire for you.
HIM
Resting gently, pinning and controlling your body. The heat between us rising. I can feel you straining, arching, fingers flexing and clenching, wanting something. My cock, pinned against your belly, reminds me of my other reason for being. Hips softly pumping, sliding on your damp skin, inching downward, taunt fluttering belly, soft swollen mound. Head nudging the cleft open, following the wetness, dragging across your soft lips. Sharing the vibrations, groaning as the sensations build.
The sound reaches me, desperate begging, music to my ears. To have you reduced to desire to display your need beyond all thought of decency or appearance. You are a ball a emotion, reaching out to join with another. I am moved by your desire, words meaning nothing, control is my world but I shall grant you this, in my own way.
Reaching down I release the ankle cuffs, drawing your legs up and setting myself between them. Your hips roll up as I press thighs to belly, spread open before me, your core. Almost obscene yet beautiful, wet, red, purple plastic buzzing softly between lips stuck wide. Below the dark ring pulses its own rhythm, calling to me, asking to dance. Rubbing myself across your wet folds, dragging down to press against the tight ring of muscle. Just enough to capture your attention, perhaps a hint a penetration. For a moment you hesitate, pulling away, but slowly you ease back, allowing the intrusion.
Slipping your blindfold off, capturing your eyes with mine, I must see all of you as I invade the most taboo. Pressing in, feeling the slow relaxing, stretching, opening. Your breath in short gasps, fighting the urge to run, trying to relax for me. The soft head slips in, a momentary victory, I know this part is hard for you, getting past the girth behind the head. A pause, a deep breath, a slow blink, a tiny nod. Regaining your eyes, focusing on you, seeing what you are feeling. Resuming the steady inward drive, sliding forward, your muscles stretched beyond imagined limits. A piercing cry and it pops in, pain blurs to pleasant incredible fullness. Dragging air into lungs starved for too long, wrapping legs around mine, holding me in place. So hot yet so tight, a velvet vise surrounds me, I could live in this moment forever. Joined as one, locked together, pain forgotten, pleasure spreading across us both.
Reaching up I grant your desperate desire, the pleading need almost forgotten now. Releasing your wrists, hands now free to roam. As they move up my arms to my shoulders I begin to move, reminding you of the price of your freedom. Slowly back, just a bit, then in deeper, back and forth, feeling every muscle, each ridge gripping. Achieving longer strokes, using my entire length to pleasure you. No, to fuck you, to take as much pleasure as I grant you. Faster now, the sound of flesh against flesh as I begin to drive. Hands so desperate for release now hang on to me, fighting the whirlwind, the constant motion, body rocking, breasts being thrown up and back, crashing waves ripple through you.
June 24her
Your arms beside my shoulders, upper body gently pressing my boobs, hard muscled legs touching the inside of my legs, your breath just reaching my damp face, fingers moving just behind my ears, the soothing buzz radiating from within my core, your firm cock pressed against my belly. Aware of the sensation separately, yet experiencing them as one. I take in air through my nose, slowly, deep into lungs. My belly raises, pressing against you, tensing, hardening my muscles to feel your firmness. Our skin pastes together below my navel and as you rock up and down, my skin pulls up a bit, opening my core to the buzzing. My desire to feel you with my all, my whole body is overwhelming, at the brink of unbearable. The stinging tears behind my eyes as a physical utterance of my flaming, passion, desire to become part of you.
Your hand reaches down to my ankles and releases my legs, and laying your hands on both my knees, pushing them up to my chest, out to my shoulders. I gasp, a exhilarating mix of feelings rushes through me. My legs spread, feeling my lips part, exposing my essence. I relish in the vulnerable, vulgar feelings it evokes. The two opposites entangled in the ultimate dance of primal pleasure. Passed all notion of decency, merely driven by pure lust.
You slide the silk cloth off my eyes. Slowly I open them to you. I can feel the look in my eyes changing, as our eyes meet, as I am released of my dark cage. A dark twinkle runs through them, washing away the tiniest bit of resistance there was left. All yours, your pet, you doll, yours... A hardly noticeable, but deviant smile runs across your face, recognizing this moment. This all-encompassing moment, complete surrender to your rule over me.
Your soft head moves down to my tight muscle, pulsing, dancing, the sensation, evoking an instinctive reaction, shying away for a only second. You press a bit harder, opening me a little, your soft head peeking in ever so gently, like a kiss. My breath moves up, short shallow panting, closing my eyes to concentrate on sending calmness to my legs, my core, easing them. You press a bit more, I raise my hips up, lining up with your cock and pressing back evenly. Suddenly you move past the edge and in, my tight ring gripping just below you now stiff head. I gasp, short gasps, followed by holding it, eyes widen instantly. For a few moments we hold that position, allowing my body relax around you. Letting me breath into you, around you. I feel my body's resistance leaving with every deep breath. A last little futile faint cramp fading away. Your eyes show you sense it, I nod, yes. Rocking back and forth, little movements, your head warm and smooth, teasing my velvet inside. My clenching turning into opening, releasing, welcoming, my muscles convulsing outwards hauling you in. You start making longer strokes, press firmer and then you pop in. A very last cry chasing the pain, inviting incredible pleasure, flooding our bodies. I feel you deep in me, filling me up, throbbing veins, my body convulsing around you, sucking you in, feeling, devouring all of you. Your pubic bone compressing my clit, your balls moist, sweaty cool balls in between my cheeks. I wrap my legs around you, my feet pushed onto your tight buttocks, pushing you in as deep as I can, leaving my hips unmoved, as I push back hard inside, opening my core as far as possible.
Finally, you also free my arms, my hands in a hurry to feel you all, deprived of your skin caressing them. Your arms, the feel of your strong biceps, shoulders, neck, body, towards your strong back. The muscles dance underneath my hands as you start thrusting, deep, long thrusts, moving all the in and back again, leaving just the tip in. With every stroke you go faster, deeper. Skin clashes, the sound and smells of our primal essences intoxicating. Your hands now grip my hips hard as you push me over your throbbing cock, driving, pounding me. Waves of utter bliss engulfing us, the world starts to spiral. We raise up even higher, both of our eyes devouring the sight of you cock plunging me. A unapologetic hard deep thrust before you suddenly pull out. Leaving my ass opened wide, showing my pink velvet lining, not yet releasing your sudden departure, pulsating in disbelief, yearning. We both growl deep of the sight, nothing left but our primal self, overtaken by our all encompassing lust, you plunge back in me, over and over again. The world long gone, levitating is our own universe, the waves of ultimate release start flooding in as we become one.
HIM
Thrusting, spearing in deep, all concern of tenderness gone, the animal within controlling. Yet still feeling the slickness of our joining, the tight ring and smooth walls. The intense heat and sensation feeds my craving for you, the need to take and take and take. The sharp musky odor, always so strong when I use your ass, normally a foul smell but now it feels so right, so a part of us. Breathing deep to inhale all of it, to fill my senses with even more of you. Yet the incessant pounding continues as the animal seeks satisfaction, the slapping of wet flesh as you yield beneath me.
Arms freed you reach out, holding on and grasping, feet at my back urging me harder deeper. The animal responds with passion, thrusting forward with its entire self. Yet in that moment I find a measure of control, drawing back to the cool air, pausing. I can not resist the need to look upon the destruction I have wrought. To see you wide and wanting, quivering with sudden loss. A picture of depravity and lust but for us a token of love and lust shared. Looking back to your eyes I can see the acceptance of your place as both fuck slut and lover. Granting me your body to harm or excite as I see fit. Thrusting back in to the hilt, no resistance only grasping warmth. Stroking my pleasure as yours climbs, punctuated by the moan driven from your lungs with each impact. Your eyes glaze, no thought remains, your animal has taken control as you drift upward to bliss. Mouth open and slack, hands still gripping my shoulders, body locked about mine. I pace my thrusts fighting for control to hold you here, poised on a knife edge. This is my moment, the thing that drives me, my subspace.
You begin to tense, the wave rising, seeking to overwhelm. I too can feel the end approaching, the pressure near to bursting. Short fast strokes, all sensation and power, slapping echos from the walls. Your eyes return to mine, now colored with a deep lust, pleading, begging for the explosion of release.
Growling as I let the primal within me loose, all focused on the bursting release, my being, even my soul pumping forth filling your waiting wanting core. The heat of my cum splashing against your welcoming walls ignites your fire. The waves of heat exploding everywhere at once. We scream together, even our voices as one, bound in passion.
Spasm upon spasm, jet after jet, flooding outward, draining yet uplifting. You clench about me, hands arms legs feet all pulling hard as the orgasm hits. I can dimly feel you crushing me, milking my cock, drawing all from me.
Then all too soon it is over, bliss escapes to the ether, hardness fades, focus returns. I gaze down returning the smile on your face, echoing the joy in your eyes. I know how much you wanted this, to show me what you were capable of. Brushing a few sweat soaked hairs from your face, then sliding from you. Rolling to the side and pulling you to me, nestling you in my arms. Reaching between softly quivering thighs, still shaking from their exertions. Finding our buzzing friend and with a short tug slipping it free. Powered off it will wait on the nightstand till it's needed. Slowly relaxing, both breathing deep as we wind down, having given all, now all that is left is to rest.
June 27 her
Your hard muscles tighten under my feet, the curves filling the arches of my soles, toes desperately finding grip. Your hands move about my hips, hands wide around the top, fingers almost gripping behind the bones, deep into my skin, muscles. With every thrust you pull hard and slam me onto you, unforgiving, overtaken by the primitive animal within. All inhibitions lost, driven off by out carnal lust. I feel your deep inside, your cock devouring my body, ravaging. With every slam, clashing of wet skin, hard impact, air is forced out my lungs by the impact, ending in a deep grunt. I see myself reflected in your eyes: glazed, dark, transcended, primal.
Long, deep, hard thrusts turn into shorter, faster strokes, the wet sounds exhilarating, our scents of passion filling my every fiber. Tasting your salty skin. Your skin, cool and wet to the touch, fills me with an overpowering, never ending, limitless hunger for you, to be devoured by you, to melt together as one, time and time again. Every thrust brings the all overtaking, unloading closer. Both our bodies in preparation, tensing up, energy building, seeking a release, to unload. Trapped in our bodies as one ball of flaming energy, raging. I wrap my body around yours, feet cross, clenching my legs hard, my arms tight around you, closer, closer, closer. My face buried in your neck, chest pressed against yours, the beating of your heart, echoing in my chest, beating with mine. I feel my eyes change as the overpowering, earth-shattering, waves come crashing in. Yearning, needing, begging to bring you your release, begging to grant me mine.
No longer capable or willing to fight the waves that engulf us, I feel your cock erupting inside me. Every pump thrusts a warm squirt against my walls, pushing me over the edge. My orgasm overflows me, almost too intense to bare, the unloading so powerful it tenses my muscles to their maximum. My pussy convulsing uncontrollably, my gathered cum releasing together with yours. My muscles sucking every last drop of your essence, pulling in your throbbing cock deep inside, slurping, mixing our fluids.
As hard as the first waves engulfed us, they also fade away, leaving our bodies trembling as we collapse into each other, your body lying heavily on mine, drained of all power, your heaving chest, pressing in mine. Muscles relax, softness returns as I caress your wet sweaty hair, my hands caressing your back, landing soft kisses on your chest, collarbone, neck. As your panting subsides you roll off me and pull me in your safe, loving arms. I close my eyes and as our breaths take on the same deep rhythm, a deep feeling of satisfaction, relaxes our bodies and minds as we drift off.
June 27 HIM
Somewhere in the predawn hours we stir, seeking comfort yet remaining close. Sleep filled eyes meet, a smile and kiss shared. As she curls close by my side I kiss her head and whisper "Tomorrow you will experience the rest of the toy bag my pet."