"I just feel a little bad that you caught me naked yesterday," Josh exclaimed as they sat in the coney island awaiting their food.
"Don't feel bad. I've seen naked guys before," Cynthia assured him as she flashed a grin.
He sighed sarcastically. "I know!" he laughed. "I just want you to understand that I didn't think that you were going to be in the hallway waiting that late last night. I don't wear clothes when I go to bed; I have to wear them all day. So my naked time is at night."
"So you don't slip some shorts on when you get up to use the bathroom?!" Cynthia clued.
He rolled his eyes in sly sheepishness. "It's a six foot walk from my room. And it's my apartment! Sorry, I just thought I could pull it off."
"You just love walkin' around naked, don't you? You should join one of those resorts."
"C'mon Cyn," he groaned.
She aligned her thoughts. "Well, it was gonna happen eventually," she declared smiling. "Roommates, right?" She paused only to find the awkward silence. "I guess I always knew you were kind of a hippie - I noticed you don't groom down there."
Josh smiled in embarrassment but recovered. "No! I'm not doing that. I don't think guys should have to trim down there. Or chicks. I'm a naturalist; everyone should just be comfortable in their own skin - I mean hair - I mean-".
"Okay Josh," she spurted in respectful finality. Cynthia was a grad student and open to having a male roommate. Moving out of her parents' house where she had resided with her three younger sisters was one of the best things that she could have done for herself; there'd be no more bickering and two-faced confrontations and she could become independent and delve deeper into her career aspirations. A man was just what she needed, be it a simple roommate or a long term relationship with someone.
---
After grabbing the bite to eat, the thought of the nude encounter of Josh the previous night lingered in Cynthia's mind as she retired to her bedroom. What was it about him? She'd experienced naked men through various romantic and sexual experiences in her lifetime and had even taken an art course where she'd sketched out a stationary nude male model, so her run-in with Josh shouldn't have made her flinch. She remembered his lean abs and bony shoulders glistening under their pungent bathroom lighting. She chuckled at the thought of being attracted to such a skinny man; at only 5'8'', she knew he couldn't have weighed more than 135 pounds. And the body hair was something else she kept remembering. That thick bushy trail beginning at his belly button converged with his dense pubic jungle, sparing little chance of escape if one got lost in this lush and sensitive area. Almost all the men she'd slept with had trimmed or shaven down there. She didn't mind the way a man kept it, but Josh's raw confidence with his natural body and the way he walked with it, Cynthia determined, was the reason for her overnight attraction that she didn't know where to sweep under.
---
"He was naked."
"Naked?!"
"Yeah, naked," Cynthia confirmed to her friend.
"Doesn't he put something on to get up to go to the bathroom?"
"No Julia, he was totally naked."
Her mouth gaped in weird amusement. Then she narrowed with a straight-face. "What'd his cock look like?"
Cynthia squinted in annoyance. "I don't remember! The whole thing lasted two seconds and then he rushed to shut the door!"
"Well it's a decent question! If I saw someone naked I'd probably be able to give you at least a one word description of his cock!"
"That's not what's important Julia. How would you go on living with someone if that happened to you?"
Julia raised an eyebrow as Cynthia waited in horror. "Make him your boy-toy."
Cynthia giggled nervously.
"I mean that's what I would do. If you think he's cute and you've seen him in a vulnerable state, you've got leverage girl!"
"Well I never liked him like that but the last couple days I've just been feeling strange and sad and I don't know what to tell him - there's a feeling there."
"You're in a good situation. You have a free guy to live with and if you don't wanna commit, you can just move out. If you think you like him then I'd tell him." Julia went on. "You'd have the life hun. Tell him to clean the place looking like that and then after you pretend you're not watching him you can go up and squeeze his ass-cheek. If that's not what a girl wants, I don't know what is!"
Cynthia was on the verge of tears from laughing. "I'm so glad I come to you for this stuff!"
---
It was a weeknight and both inhabitants were in the living room area of the apartment. Josh was working the remote and had just switched to Thursday Night Football.
"We really should watch something else," Cynthia pushed.
"Why?"
"Football is just another violent team sport that's a product of masculine aggression. Men feed off it and the testosterone-filled society gets reinforced."
"Okay Ms. Sociologist," Josh conceded. "Isn't it about building rapport and constructing something strong with your teammates?"
"It is, but men are taught to do it in ways that promote violence. If you take a social psychology or gender norms course you'll see that it's true."
Josh let out a sigh. "You know I'm not a fighter, Cyn. So you want me to repress my masculine energy? Is that the answer so I can survive the new-age feminist onslaught?"
"No silly. You have to balance your divine masculine and channel that action-oriented testosterone into serving us ladies!" She dealt a coy smile. "Worship the goddess."
"Give me a hot goddess to worship and it's a done deal," he joked. "Maybe people would be more religious if it was like that."
"Mayyybee."
"Is this about me not cleaning the bathroom tub last week? I went out with friends and then totally forgot I had a class project due."
She lightened. "No! You've done your part of the cleaning since we've lived here, I just like talking about goddesses and stuff."
"How would a man serve a goddess?"
She put her fingers to her mouth and pondered. "Hmmm. Well he'd definitely do a lot of the cleaning for her (not that you don't), oh, and he'd massage and pamper her all the time."
"So basically he does whatever she wants." He burst out in laughter.
She couldn't help herself and joined him in giggles. "Basically. As long as it's agreed upon and he's comfortable with it."
He shrugged. "Sounds like I'd be her dog. Well, at least I'd get my meals for free."
Cynthia cried out hysterically. "You're so funny!" She rubbed her face with her palms and regained composure. "And since you'd be like a vulnerable animal you'd probably be naked doing it."
Josh beamed her passively with his mouth wide, lost in thoughts. "Well that'd be easy for me cuz I love being naked."
"I know! See, it'd be fun for both of us!" After playing with her index finger she looked back up and fortified her expression. "I'm being serious. We should try it."
"Okay." He squinted. "Well should I undress?"
"Yup. To start we can just watch t.v. with you like that since we're new to it. I want you totally naked...and I want you to call me Princess."
As nonchalantly as possible, Josh stood so his side was facing her, removed all his clothes and tossed them one by one on the couch next to them.
---
Josh turned so he faced her directly, as raw as he could possibly be. He avoided eye contact. "So what do I do now?"
"Turn around so I can see your butt."
As he moved Cynthia realized that she'd never seen a familiar naked male without the expectation of sex before. It was surreal. It was empowering. His small but full butt-cheeks glossed under the living room lighting.
"Turn back around."
His front was as hairy as she remembered when she caught him naked coming from the bathroom that night. He had coarse Mediterranean style leg hair, medium build thighs, and heavy black pubic hair that remained just as prominent as it drew a line up to his belly-button. Although shy, Josh seemed so chill under these conditions, just as he always was. His deep-thinking brain didn't allow him to flinch; he wanted to lap up every new experience that confronted him and roll wherever it took him.
Confirming Cynthia's instinct that Josh was comfortable was her acknowledgment of his relaxed scrotum as his testicles dangled loosely in the free air halfway down his thighs. And his penis: he still had his foreskin! How had she not noticed that earlier? Cynthia always wondered about foreskins; she had only seen one in real life through a past sex partner. Growing up with three sisters didn't give her any chances, and she assumed that her father's was probably removed being that they lived in America. Her delight that his penis was intact made her almost forget about his size, which was about average in length and girth.
"Lookin' good, hunk! Have a seat."
"Thanks," he grinned as he sat about two feet perpendicular to her on the couch.
"Thanks Princess," she corrected him.
"Sorry - thanks Princess."
Cynthia ignored him and turned the channel just to take it off of football. She tried to discreetly check out his body from their sides but his scrawny shoulders and arms got in the way. Nonetheless, she admired his calm demeanor and flaccid penis and noted the foreskin's lengthy overhang, the head buried deep underneath.
She snapped out of it and perused her goals for the evening. "Whatcha doin' boo? Sit right next to me, I don't bite."
"Okay - I mean, yes Princess."
Cynthia grinned at this and acknowledged how preposterous it must sound. She rested her hand on his bare thigh without grabbing him. He was warm.
She made another move. "My feet are cold. You should massage them so I can get some circulation," she suggested while peeling off her socks and tossing them playfully at his face. This gave her a chance to witness the blood circulating through his penis as he was noticeably erect, though still no sign of the head peeking out of the skin that hugged it.
She wanted to see if he would reach her feet on his own by going to sit on the floor. Instead he still sat on the couch gripping one of her dirty socks, smiling dopely without a clue what to do with it. She pointed down to her feet. "Get down there," she nagged warmly with an expectant smile. She could tell the combination of the sock tossing and the floor sitting demand humiliated him because his face was red and he was now fully erect before he even got down.
The massage lasted for a few minutes before Josh abruptly began kissing her soles with soft pecks. Cynthia had not permitted him, but she didn't hold him back. His tender smooches along with the way he sucked her toes gave her a pleasure that shot up through her entire body, and having a nude man pleasuring the roots of her embodiment allowed her to affirm that every inch of her body ought to be worshiped.
"Stop," she ordered.
He looked up at her like a lost little boy being weaned for the first time. His hard-on pulsated at full throttle.
She gave him a stern look. "Thank you. That was lovely. Did you ever think you'd kiss my feet before my lips?"
He shook his head no. "I'm happy to kiss any part of you."
"Let me get a better view of you. Stand up and masturbate for me."
Josh stood up in front of her, his meatus peehole visible despite his skin still covering his entire glans, even as he was fully erect. He slowly pulled the skin back, revealing his shiny pre-cum soaked head.
"You have a long foreskin!" Cynthia proclaimed.
"I know. Do you like it?"
"I love it! Makes me feel like it's wrapped up like a gift, only for me to see and play with!"
He nodded nervously. "Only for you, Princess."
She gave him five small strokes so as only to display a quarter of the head, delayed, and followed with one very slow full stroke to prevent him from going over the edge. Holding the skin back as far as it went, she took thirty seconds to behold his corona lip that was always hidden, then gave him a dignified stare. "Put your hood back on. I only want to see your helmet out for my special occasions."
"Yes Princess." He pulled and locked the skin back over the erect head.
She broke character. "I appreciate you playing tonight. I want to take this further, but that's all for now because I'm exhausted."
"I'd love to take it further."
She could see that he had a desperate look in his eyes; she didn't know whether he actually wanted to involve himself further into submission or if he was simply begging her for a release. Cynthia had never felt so invigorated in her whole life when playing with a penis without the expectation of finishing it off. Deep down, she knew that denying him his ejaculation was the impetus of his devotion and obedience. But that kind of commitment where he wouldn't be allowed to cum on his own would have to wait for another day.
"I know you must be horny so I don't care if you go and masturbate. Goodnight," she concluded.
---
It was the following morning and an unconventionally cold night had reached them. Josh wore an old t-shirt and some sweatpants out of bed and greeted Cynthia when she came down the stairs.
"Coffee this morning?" Cynthia inquired.
"Yeah, I've been on a kick lately. I drink it black now; I love the strong stuff too."
She smiled cordially and laid out her concern. "Where's my anteater?"
"Your what?"
"You know what. I wanna see my anteater. Take off your clothes and show me your trunk," she snapped.
He laughed. "Over coffee darling? Besides, it's kinda cold in here now; we might've needed the heat on last night."
"You can still have your coffee. I'm just telling you to strip. You said you wanted to take it further; if you're serious about this, I need you naked whenever possible when we're in private."
He thought about protesting but knew better. Off came his clothes, removing them right in the kitchen area.
"There's my animal!" she shouted before pointing down. "That's the only part of your body I want covered from now on is your penis head." He was already fully erect.
"Yes Princess."
She knew she was breaking him, it was just taking time to set in for him. "It's cold but you can still get hard for me, huh?" The mix of his arousal and the chilly room gave him a very tight and shrunken scrotum to the point where she could see his rigid raphe line running from his testicles up to his erect penile shaft.
She edged closer toward him wearing her purple robe and eyed him seductively. "I knew you had it in you. You're a very strong man." She slowly took her hand and cupped it softly over his tight scrotum sac. His hairs poked her palm but she ignored it. Now he was rattled. His shoulder blades latched forward and his language froze, unable to speak. "Will you brave the cold for me Josh?"
"Ye - yes," he stammered.
"I knew it." She lowered her palm and gently twisted her fingers through and around his testicles, making him gasp. She re-positioned her hand. "Whether it's the cold, or the cleaning, or the coffee, you will be my naked knight without any shining armor, or any armor at all." She tightened her scrotal grip to a soft squeeze.
"Ughh...yes Princess, I'll do anything you ask," he staggered hopelessly.
She grinned. "Our most vulnerable positions make us the strongest of people. Be strong for me. I am your passion." She formed a 'come hither' motion with the index finger of her free hand and placed it under his chin as if she were lecturing a toddler. "Be patient. I might not want you to see me naked today. Instead I want all of your passion focused on the part of me that I allow you to see and take."
She moved her finger from the bottom of his chin up near his mouth. "Suck my finger." He converted all of his energy into swirling his tongue around her finger and sucking it like a popsicle. After a couple of minutes, she retrieved herself and he kissed the top of her royal hand without her asking him.
"Good boy," she praised. "Make me some coffee," was ordered before playfully grazing and spanking his butt-cheek. At this point, he had been silent and was almost in a state of trance. No matter. He was still hard as a rock and had begun dripping pre-cum on the kitchen floor, which was all the communication Cynthia needed for now.