The continuation of Brinna & Zach's explorations inspired by their Human Sexuality class. The previous chapters give more context and are best read first.
*****
Zach was already seated and watching for me as I entered the classroom. He smiled as I slid into the desk next to his. Casually, I moved my chair a bit closer before returning the smile.
"You look excessively cheerful today," I teased. "Are you up to something I should know about?"
He was saved from replying by the entrance of Dr. B, who quickly shut the doors and began his lecture. Once he'd started the video and lowered most of the lights, I moved my desk even closer to Zach.
"Brinna?" he whispered, raising an inquiring eyebrow.
"Shhh."
The video we were watching on sexual dysfunction was an improvement over what we'd seen in the last class, but still contained much drier material than our usual fare. The class was rather bare; several people seemed to be absent, including the trio of Reggie, Lee, and Tyler. I leaned forward, propping my left elbow on the desk and resting my chin in my hand, feigning interest in the film. Casually, I dropped my right hand over the side of my chair and laid it on the inside of Zach's thigh. He jerked in surprise, knocking his notebook to the floor. I retreated as he retrieved it.
Once he was settled, I repeated the maneuver. He didn't react as strongly this time, though I could feel the muscle of his leg tensing beneath my hand.
"Brinna?" he whispered again.
"Watch the video, Zach. Unless you object?" I asked in a low voice.
"No," he breathed. "No objections."
We sat in silence, eyes on the screen. I let my fingers draw tight little circles on the inside of his thigh, keeping my motions small so as not to attract any attention. Playing in class was not something we had really discussed, having kept up the appearance that our only real connection was being partners on our class research paper. An unexpectedly playful feeling had come over me when he had smiled at me earlier, and this was the result.
My fingers stilled after a few minutes, resting against Zach's thigh. I gave his leg a light squeeze, mildly surprised when his hand settled over my own. My surprise increased when he shifted my hand, bringing it to rest between his legs, directly on his twitching cock. I repressed a pleased smile.
We didn't dare look at each other, to avoid drawing any attention to our back row game.
Zach shifted in his chair as I continued to carefully rub his growing prick through the fabric of his pants. He managed to spread his legs a fraction wider, allowing me better access. His breathing was deliberately slow and deep. I was certain I heard a small, strangled sound emerge from his lips when I stopped rubbing and squeezed him lightly through his layers of clothing.
Dr. B rose abruptly from his desk, startling us both. I carefully withdrew my hand from Zach as Dr. B inserted the second film into the player and pressed play. With that slight break, I stepped out of the class, diverting to the nearby women's room.
Returning a short time later, I slipped back into my desk quietly. I looked around carefully; no one was paying us the slightest attention. Dr. B was using a small light to read a book while the rest of us sat in the near dark, watching a second film on types of sexual dysfunction and treatments. I turned and pressed my lips lightly against Zach's ear.
"I'm getting wet, Zach. I wish you could touch me right now and feel it for yourself."
He drew a sharp breath, nervously licking his lips.
"Keep these for me," I whispered, transferring the panties I'd removed in the restroom from my pocket into his hand. "I'll want them back later." I licked his earlobe and withdrew, facing forward, eyes focused on the screen again. I considered continuing to toy with him as long as the lights were dim. In the end, I decided I should stop, as I'd already gotten both of us worked up enough.
It didn't stop me from occasionally brushing the inside of his thigh with my hand through the rest of the class period. Zach made no attempts to take my hand again.
"I'll meet you there," he whispered to me as we prepared to leave class. I nodded, and left the room while Zach was still gathering his things.
I passed time working on my repetitious scanning task, distracting myself from thinking about Zach or about the effects of teasing him during class. I would need to get myself well under control if we were going to continue the explorations we had begun in our last meeting.
Zach knocked twice, then let himself in before I could cross to the door. He hastily locked the door behind him, kicking off his shoes and shedding his backpack. He'd changed into his sweats and t-shirt. His casual clothes belied the eager expression on his face.
"Hi, Brinna," he said quietly, fidgeting and shifting from foot to foot nervously. With a half-smile, he pulled my panties from his pocket and held the blue silken material out to me. "You wanted these back, I think?"
I reached for them but, drawing his hand closer to his body, he pulled them just slightly out of my reach. I raised a quizzical eyebrow, stepping closer. It seemed Zach had his own game he wanted to play this afternoon. I repressed a smile, intrigued to see how much teasing Zach would do.
"Maybe I'll keep these for later." He put his hand behind his back. I took another step, our bodies separated by a fraction of an inch. He wrapped one arm loosely around my waist, hand coming to rest against my ass. He pulled me against him, his mouth next to my ear. "You liked teasing me in class today, didn't you, Brinna? And giving me your wet panties?" Zach whispered, his breath against my ear causing the skin of my scalp to tighten and tingle, sending goosebumps down my neck.
"Yes. And you liked it, too." I grabbed him by the hips, pulling them firmly against my own.
"I'm not hard again. Yet. I stopped down the hall first. Your scent on these is what made me cum." He licked my earlobe. "I was starting to worry you'd take my cock out and start stroking it in class. I worried because I don't think I would have stopped you if you had."
The tingling sensation spread to my nipples, which began to harden in response to the words he spoke. He was learning. I grabbed the edge of his shirt, ready to pull it off of him.
"No," he said gently, so I let my hands fall back to his hips. "You said you'd teach me to kiss. I want that first. Then you can have these back if you want them." He paused, before adding, "Please."
"Sit down, Zach," I said, smiling. I was pleased with his assertiveness in stating what he wanted, and the sweetly added 'please' at the end.
He sat in the same spot he'd taken Tuesday. I straddled his lap again, just as I had done then.
I looked him in the eyes, ran one hand over his chest and settled it on his heart. His heartbeat increased, even as his hands hung by his sides, and he sat almost rigidly in the chair. "Are you getting shy on me again, Zach?"
He set one arm loosely around my waist and laid his hand on the small of my back before he ran it lower, letting it rest on the curve of my ass.
"You said you'd teach me to kiss," he reminded me, only the slightest hint of hesitation in his voice.
"All right." I smiled at him. I leaned back a bit, and he lifted his other arm to help support my back. "Just remember, everything you're learning is just the way I prefer to do it." His eyes widened a bit and I chuckled. "You're a fast learner, Zach. It won't take you much time to adapt to whoever you're with. You'll figure out what they like." I kissed his lips lightly. "Just pay attention to how they react, and you'll know if they like it. Listen to their breathing. Feel how their body responds. Listen for their sounds. Do they lean into you? Do they touch you?" I kissed his lips again and pulled back, my hand still resting over his heart. "Does their heart race?" I smiled slyly. "Your heart is."
"It does that a lot around you," he admitted. His fingers moved restlessly against me where his hands rested. He was beginning to relax, slowly.
"Are you ready to start?" He nodded, and I felt him tensing up again. "The first thing is, you need to relax." I cupped his chin in my hand. "Relax your mouth."
I waited patiently while Zach mastered himself enough to let his mouth loosen up. I studied his full, pink lips as I waited. We never spent much time kissing. Most of it was instigated by me when we did. I realized now he must have not felt certain enough
"I want you to just sit relaxed like this, while I kiss you. Just feel how I'm using my mouth on you. Then you'll try it on me, okay?" He nodded again, eagerness returning to his expression. I grinned briefly. God, he really was so sweet and endearing. "First, we'll just start casual. Let's say you want to give a kiss to greet someone on friendly terms. Not someone you've been dating, nothing sexual."
"Okay. Is it the way you would kiss me if we met in public? As friends?"
"Yeah, sure." I smiled cheerfully. "Hey Zach, how are you?" I leaned in to give him a quick buss on the cheek. "See, friendly. The kind of kiss you'd give your own relative. You don't really need me to show you that, but it's just a place to start." It never hurt to start from scratch anyway.
"Would you ever kiss me like that in public, Brinna?"
"Do I need to start greeting you with a kiss on the cheek?" I teased.
"If we weren't in class. If we just met walking across campus someday. Like next semester, even."
"I won't be here next semester," I reminded him. "Ready to move to the next step?"
"Sure, Brinna." He went still again.
"So let's say you're picking up a date, or dropping off a date. You feel a little past the friendly cheek kiss, but aren't close enough for too much more. You might say something like you're looking forward to tonight, or you had a nice time out with them." I leaned in and gave him a light kiss on the lips. "You can let it last a little longer." I gave him a kiss that lingered a few seconds longer than the one before.
"Did anyone ever give you kissing lessons?" he asked curiously, always the scholar.
"No. I just know what I like. I learned over time."
"Do you like to be kissed? If a guy knows how to do it the way you like?"
"Yes, Zach, I like it. A lot." I looked at him through half-lidded eyes, starting to become surprisingly aroused by his questions, feeling myself growing warmer. "That leads us to the next kind of kissing, the kind that leads up to the making out kissing. Relax your mouth for me." I took his face in my hands and tilted my head just a bit. I pressed my lips softly against his, kissing my way to the corner of his mouth, then across to the other corner. I hardened my kisses, moving my lips more insistently against his mouth. Zach's arm tightened around my waist. I trailed my kisses across his jawline, tilting his head so I could continue down his neck. Carefully, I nibbled at his neck until he drew in a noisy breath.
His hand came to rest on the back of my neck as I took his earlobe between my lips.
"I-is it normal to get, uh, aroused, just from being kissed?" he asked in a tight voice. I smiled against his skin.
"What's normal, anyway?" I asked softly, before finding his lips again. His hand tightened on my neck as I played my lips across his once more. I lifted my mouth from his and regarded him. The look on his face had changed; there was hunger in it. "Kiss me, Zach. Show me what you learned." I dropped my hands to his shoulders.
He took my face in his hands, as I had done him, and cautiously pressed his lips against mine. I took a moment to enjoy the warm softness of them before I returned his kiss. I let him take the lead, and his hesitancy slowly fell away as he repeated my actions. I encouraged him with soft murmurs as he sucked gently at my neck. He had already improved over the clumsy kisses he had given me in our past meetings.
"I'm getting hard, Brinna," he whispered in my ear. "You always get me so hard." He dropped his hand back to my ass, pressing me forward as he shifted his hips to press his stiff cock against me. "Show me what's next."
"Open your mouth," I prompted, feeling my nipples tingling again, as the heat continued to build between my legs. "And Zach? I'll try not to slobber all over you," I said playfully, needing to lighten the intensity for a moment.
I kissed him, openmouthed. I didn't use my tongue. Instead, I showed him how to use his lips to give a deep kiss without it. I didn't have to show him for long; he began to respond with cautious enthusiasm. I ran my hand up under his shirt, touching his chest and shoulders.
"Take this off," I demanded, breaking away briefly.
"I will if you will," he teased. I reached for the edge of my shirt. "Wait. Let me." He pulled my shirt off over my head and tossed it aside. I did the same for him. "Brinna," he said with intensity, "I didn't think kissing would be like this. I mean, hot like this." He slid his hand behind my back and unhooked my bra. I shrugged it off my shoulders and tossed it onto the pile of discarded clothing. "More please," he said with false meekness, offering me his mouth.
With deliberate slowness, I probed his open mouth with my tongue, gently touching the tip to his own gently. He groaned into my mouth, arms tightening around me, pressing me against his bare skin. My breasts flattened against his chest and I wrapped my arms around his neck.
Without a doubt, he needed more practice, but Zach proved himself my ever-willing student once more. His slight clumsiness would smooth out further over time. We kissed and stroked our hands over each other for another ten minutes before breaking apart. I rested my forehead against his shoulder, trying to compose myself. I felt drenched between my legs, though I had not been touched there even once, yet.
"I want to kiss you," he whispered in my ear. "I want to kiss your pussy, Brinna. Like last time. Please say yes."
"Yes," I moaned softly, "Yes, Zach, yes."
"Take your pants off, and I'll spread the mats."
We untangled from each other and set about our tasks quickly. Zach hesitated when it came to removing his own pants. I shook my head at him. He dropped his hands away, leaving his sweatpants on for the time being. His cock tented out the front of them, with a damp spot showing evidence of precum.
"Brinna?" Zach put his hand out and I took it. He drew me toward the mats and waited as I made myself comfortable. I watched as he knelt between my feet. His gaze roamed up and over my spread legs, coming to rest on the juncture between them. He lowered himself and kissed the inside of my left knee. He slid his mouth in a slow, hot trail up my inner thigh, much as I had taught him to lick and nibble at my neck and breasts. I found myself smiling slightly, anticipation settling over me.
His hand was slowly stroking the inside of my other leg. I shifted, impatient suddenly to have him touching me between my legs. I was careful not to urge him on yet, willing myself to let him explore and tease at his own pace.
His hand reached my swollen lips, and his fingers separated them gently.
"Your nipples are the color of peaches," he said suddenly, "but your pussy is so pink." He flicked his tongue out, lapping at me once before continuing. "You have these light-colored freckles across your shoulders and chest, lighter peach than your nipples. I think I'll use my tongue to play connect the dots later. They all lead to your nipples."
I laughed, enjoying his playfulness. He looked at me, gauging the laughter. I stroked my hand over his hair and he smiled in relief. He'd been worried I was laughing at him. His look changed, growing more heated. Eyes on mine, he lowered his mouth to me again, running his tongue from the bottom of my slit to the top. My hand tightened in his hair. He smiled again, briefly, before repeating the movement.
"Your breathing just got shallow," he reported. "I think you like this." He proceeded to run his tongue up and down, slowly, eyes still on me. When my fingers started to relax in his hair again, he increased the pressure, his tongue sliding deeper into my folds. A small noise escaped my lips, causing Zach to smile slightly. His hand left my leg as he reached down to adjust his cock inside his sweatpants. I smiled in return, knowing he was hard for me.
"So wet," he commented, then plunged his tongue inside of me.
"Yes," I moaned quietly, as he began to work his tongue rapidly in and out of my slick tunnel. He drew back slightly, and I could see my juices glistening on his chin.
"Touch your tits for me, Brinna. Play with them while I tongue-fuck you," he said, no hint of the shy nerd in his expression.
I exhaled shakily, with a sudden explosion of breath. He watched as I lifted my hands and squeezed the fleshy globes in my hands.
He returned to his task, eating me with increased vigor, alternating between lapping and thrusting his tongue in and out of my drenched pussy. His technique was by no means perfect, not yet, but he had me so turned on I was squirming beneath him. I closed my eyes and simply rode the sensation. Just as I controlled the urge to grind my pussy into his mouth, he flicked his tongue over my clit causing me to cry out in surprise. My fingers clenched on the back of his neck. He knew he'd stumbled onto something, and began probing carefully to see what more he could draw out of me.
"Did I find your clit, Brinna? I think I did, but I want to hear it from you. Am I doing it right, or should I stop?"
"Yes, yes, and no."
"Yes what?" he asked, grinning when I looked at him.
"Yes, you found my clit. Yes, you're doing it right, and no, don't stop. Don't stop," I repeated, pinching my nipples, feeling a shockwave of pleasure shoot straight to my pussy.
He went back to his previous actions, now adding a strong flick of his tongue across my clit. I lost myself to the feeling of his tongue in my pussy, stroking across my lips, and feasting on my clit. My breath coming faster, small sighs escaping my lips, I began to roll my hips in the rhythm he'd established. I became aware that his own hips were thrusting, rubbing his erection against the mat through his sweats.
"Zach," I moaned, feeling a jolt from my pussy to my nipples as I realized what he was doing. "I'm getting close." He moaned against my arousal, creating a small vibration. "Use your fingers," I begged, rolling my nipples between my own fingers.
Zach easily slipped two fingers inside of me, moving his lips to focus on licking and sucking at my clit. It took him a minute to establish a rhythm, plunging his fingers inside of me carefully and deeply.
"More, Zach," I begged, grinding my hips against his hand.
"Oh, shit, Brinna," he moaned, withdrawing from me completely, sitting up on his knees. He fumbled his sweats down around his thighs before leaning over me, kissing me, driving his tongue into my mouth. I sucked on it gently and he moaned against my mouth. I felt his cock slide along my dripping snatch, as he thrust his hips up.
Thinking he was going to try and enter me, I did nothing to stop him, wrapping my arms around his neck. I felt his cockhead on my lower belly, his shaft pressed against me, his balls resting on my mound of pubic hair. He leaned on his right arm, shifting his weight slightly. His fingers slipped between us, driving inside of me, his thumb pressing against my clit.
"Brinna," he whispered, sounding desperate, his mouth coming down on mine again. The mingling of our tongues carried the taste of my own pussy into my mouth. He moaned helplessly against my lips.
I felt it then, the twitch of his cock against my body, a splash of wet warmth as his cum splashed across my belly. His fingers continued to thrust and retreat between my legs as he pumped his cock against me. I threw my right leg over his, riding his fingers with abandon.
I tugged his hair, and he lifted his mouth from mine. He was opening it to speak when my orgasm hit me.
"Oh, fuck, Zach," I cried out, closing my eyes as my pussy clenched on his fingers as I peaked. "Ahhhh!" I pulled my arm off his neck and reached for his hand, stilling it, unable to take any more for the moment.
His mouth found my earlobe, and he sucked it gently into his mouth. I panted, my orgasmic rush settling into several small aftershocks.
"Did it-was it okay?" he asked hesitantly.
"Oh, Zach," I said, half-laughing. "You know you got me off, why even ask that?"
"Is it okay, what I did? I wasn't trying to fuck you, Brinna, I promise. I just knew I was going to cum and-," he broke off. "I'm sorry," he murmured.
"I might cut you off if you don't stop apologizing for cumming. Especially for cummingonme. Jesus, Zach, you sent me over the edge with that.Again." I didn't mention I would have let him fuck me if he had tried. He was right not to try, though. It wouldn't have been a good first time for us with his orgasm already approaching. I lifted his hand from between my legs and interlaced my fingers with his, our palms pressed together. "It was good, Zach. Better than good. You turned me on, you got off, and you got me off. What's wrong with how it went? Please don't be sorry anymore." I kissed him softly, lingering on his lips. He responded, our kisses quickly turning heated.
"No more apologies for cumming," he said finally. He smiled, looking pleased. "I made you cum this time." He kissed my neck, nipping lightly. "I re-read the oral sex chapter in the book you gave me last night. Good tips." I laughed, my arm still around his neck, his cock still semi-hard across my lower belly, his sticky cum gluing our bodies together at the waist as he pressed lightly against me.
"Clean me up," I directed, after giving and receiving a few more kisses.
We spooned together on the mats, something that was becoming a habit. I prompted Zach to talk more about his upcoming visit with his friend Matthew, who would be arriving tomorrow.
"Why don't you try to talk to girls while your friend is there to play wingman?" I asked, nudging him lightly with my elbow.
"Brin-naaaa," he said, exasperated, attempting to dodge the question.
"It might help you feel more secure."
"Yeah, nothing like going down in flames in front of your best guy friend."
"Zach, you're smart, funny, cute, sweet,andyou know how to make a woman cum using just your mouth and your hands. You just happen to be extremely shy. Overcome that, and you'll slay."
He blew air out through his lips, tightening his arm around my waist.
"Yeah, okay, whatever. I'll think about it. But usually we just hang out, talk geek stuff and play games. It's kind of our thing." He nuzzled the back of my neck. "Brinna?" He hesitated. "Can I talk to Matthew about you? I won't tell him everything. And he doesn't go here. He won't tell anyone, if I ask him not to."
"If you want," I said finally, thinking it couldn't hurt anything. "For a price."
"What?" Zach asked curiously.
"I want you to write out a sexual fantasy for me. I'll give you all next week, since your friend will be here this weekend and you'll be busy. Write it for me, and I'll do one for you later."
"All right," he agreed, then let his lips trail over my shoulder. "I don't promise it'll be any good."
"It doesn't have to be good, it just has to be your fantasy. It doesn't even have to mean you really want to try it, just that you've thought about it, or thought it might be hot. I won't even make you tell me if it's a true desire you have, or just something you thought up for me."
We talked a while longer, parting with our usual promise to see each other next week.
While I continued my scanning efforts, I put some thought into how to help Zach break out of his shell with other people, especially those of the female variety. I gave it a lot of thought before I came up with an idea I didn't think he could refuse.
I wrapped up my work, and went to see which of my campus friends were around.
* * * * * * * * *
After class Tuesday, I slipped a sealed envelope to Zach.
"I'll be in the office for about an hour, but that's not where you're going to come find me. If you show up before an hour is out, without the items you'll need, I'll know you didn't do what I'm asking."
"What?" Zach asked, confused.
"Read the note," I answered, winking.
I'd given Zach a sort of scavenger hunt. The note he was holding directed him to go to a specific station in the campus food court and talk to one of the girls working there. She was a friend from one of my classes last semester. After he had made the required amount of small talk, she would give him the next envelope. He had a list of questions to ask her, plus he was to come up with two of his own, and write the answers to all of them on the note I'd given him in class.
After that, he had to go to the Student Union and get a copy of the activities calendar from a girl in the office, who would also require some small amount of chatting up. When he completed that task, she would give him his next envelope. Again he would have to take notes on her answers.
That particular envelope he would be instructed to open while he was alone. It contained a Polaroid, the picture being one of a more personal nature that I didn't care to have printed at the one-hour photo shop.
After that, he would be off to the library to visit Jen. Another list of questions, another envelope to obtain and open, this one slightly larger than the others. It would be the final one, containing one final instruction, my panties, and a clue to where I would be waiting for him in the library.
After I had decided enough time had passed that Zach should be getting closer to looking for me, I headed up to a deserted corner of the third floor in the library. There was a small set of three little soundproof study rooms, with a long, cushioned bench outside of them. You could sit, or even lie, comfortably, with a view of the campus out one window. For some reason, very few, if any, students ever came up here to use the space. There was a small plaque over the bench, dedicating the area to the memory of some former professor who had taught here for decades.
Anticipating Zach's arrival, I wondered what prize he would claim for completing his tasks. I knew he would have felt reluctant to complete the challenges, but he would have gone along with me anyway. I just wasn't sure if he could bring himself to talk to all the girls. If he didn't complete them, he wouldn't know where to find me. I decided to give him another thirty minutes before I returned to the office in the basement.
Lost in memories of our last time together, I closed my eyes and sighed quietly. Thinking of Zach and his burgeoning sexual talents, I found myself becoming aroused and hoped he would find me soon. It was tempting to go into one of the little study cubbies and do something about my pulsing pussy. It was more enticing to wait for Zach.
"Was this some kind of punishment for not asking a girl out for the weekend?" Zach groused with a half-smile when he found me twenty minutes later.
I smirked at him.
"I was starting to wonder if you had bailed." I sat up and patted the cushion next to me. Zach sat, careful to keep a little distance between us. I'm sure he was thinking that someone might approach and see us together. I slid over, my leg bumping against his. He held the manilla envelope, the last in his quest, in his lap.
"You did tell me to take my time with the last step, before coming to find you." His eyes flickered around, searching the area. "But thanks for the picture and the panties," he whispered. "They made things less lonely while jerking off."
"Show me your notes."
Zach flushed slightly as he dug out the four papers inside.
"You're so adorable when you turn red," I teased. "Here I thought you were starting to lose that habit."
"Just with you. In our space. I think I've been red all afternoon, thanks to this." He shoved the notes into my hands. I handed the calendar back to him and scanned over the notes he'd taken after leaving each girl.
"You asked them what operating system they use on their personal computers?" I asked incredulously.
"Well, yeah," he said defensively. "I like to know."
I laughed, brushing a lock of hair off his forehead.
"Fair enough."
"Speaking of that, what operating system do you use?" he asked in a low voice, wiggling his eyebrows at me.
"Windows?"
"Ugh! You're killing me, Brinna." He smiled, ducking his head. "You're still sexy as hell, though."
"So, you did everything I asked," I said, settling my hand on his knee. I saw him looking around again, searching for anyone nearby. "Zach, no one comes up here. It's like they don't even know it exists."
"I didn't even know, and I'm in the library a lot," he confessed. "But usually on the second floor, by the computer banks or the-," he stopped suddenly. "Never mind. Yeah, I did everything you asked. I brought your proof." He leaned over and spoke in my ear. "And I came on your panties, so no, you can't have this pair back. They're in my backpack. I'll wash them and give them back if you want."
"Keep them with the other pair. You're getting quite a collection of women's underwear, Zach." I felt him smile against my skin. "So now, as promised, you can claim any prize you want from me. Anything," I added in a soft, promising voice. "Except that there's one final twist on it, after you tell me."
Zach drew back and we looked at each other. I waited, holding my breath, to hear what he wanted. He licked his lips, nervously I thought, making me wonder just what he had come up with.
"Anything, okay, anything." He cleared his throat. "My grandpa wants you to have dinner with us when he comes to visit after midterms," he said in a rush. "So that's what I want."
I sat, blinking at him, trying to process what he was saying.
"I know we said nothing social between us outside of our, uh, class stuff. This isn't a date or anything," he hastened to reassure me. "My grandpa just wants to meet you." He began to blush. "I didn't tell him anything about,you know, our, uh, sexual stuff, but I guess I talked about you a lot, and now he wants to meet you when he comes to town." He swallowed. "That's what I want. I want you to have dinner with us one night. If you can. I know you commute and you work part time, but if you can. When he's here. Please."
"All right, Zach," I answered, "if that's what you want." I had to admit to some disappointment that he hadn't asked for a sexual prize. I shrugged that aside because, when I considered it, we could be together any time after our Tuesday or Thursday class. I was simply thrown off guard by his request. I had told him to ask for anything, and hadn't put any stipulations on it. I didn't think it would do any harm if there were a third party with us. It could hardly be considered a date with his grandpa being present.
"Thanks, Brinna," he said, smiling broadly. "I'll tell him when he calls this weekend." He leaned forward and gave me a fast kiss.
"Come with me into one of the rooms," I said, handing him back the papers and watching him stuff them into the envelope. I stood and led him into the center room. "Did you know they're soundproof?"
"No. What are we doing?" he asked nervously, peering out the narrow window that ran alongside the door frame.
"I'm going to suck your cock," I informed him, watching his eyes widen in shock. I sat in the office chair and hit the lever, dropping it into the lowest position. I turned Zach so that his back was to the window.
"Oh my god, Brinna," he whispered, as if he were afraid someone were standing right behind him. "Someone could see!"
"Does it turn you on?" I asked with a sly smile, reaching for his pants and undoing the fly.
"Oh my god," he repeated, as I pulled his cock free of its confines. Much as he might be shocked, there was a subtle swelling taking place in my hand.
"I'll stop if you really want me to," I offered. I met his eyes, watching as the heat of what we were doing flared in his eyes. "But you should know, I was going to suck you off out there on the bench. We can still go back out there if you don't like the room."
"No," he said hoarsely, wrapping his long fingers around the back of my neck. "I want-I want you to suck me. In here. Now." His cock jumped at his words.
I leaned forward and took him deep into my mouth. He groaned, his fingers shifting up and digging into my hair at the back of my neck.
"Your mouth feels so good," he said, eyes slipping closed. He was growing rapidly, forcing me to back off a bit. "This is crazy, you know? But I don't fucking care."
Stroking him, I lifted my mouth and began to talk to him.
"Tell me when you're ready to cum, Zach. We don't want to leave a mess behind here, do we?" I continued to stroke his hard shaft, watching his lips part. "You know, I think it's kind of hot to do this fully dressed. Well, except for my panties. You have those." I licked his slit and he groaned again. "What do you think, Zach?"
"Fucking hot," he muttered.
"I got worked up waiting for you, thinking about us together last week," I confided, squeezing his rock-hard prick. "I thought about coming in here, and getting off by myself, while I waited." I stroked him faster. "I wanted to wait for you. I wanted to see what you would ask me for. You surprised me, Zach." I licked a fresh drop of precum from his tip. "Then I decided there was no reason we couldn't still come in here and fool around." Stroking him faster, I saw him open his eyes and look down at me. "What would you do if someone opened the door, Zach? Would you want me to stop? Would you be able to stop? Or should I just keep on and let them watch you cum?"
"Oh, fuck, Brinna," he growled, "as much as I get off hearing your dirty mouth, I want you to put it back on my cock now."
"Will you cum soon for me? I want it, Zach." I gave him a sultry smile.
"Yeah," he agreed, placing his hands on the side of my head. "Your mouth?"
"Is that a question, or a request?" I teased, squeezing the base of his shaft.
"Request," he grunted.
"Cum for me," I whispered huskily, lowering my mouth again. I transferred my hands to his hips as I raised and lowered my mouth over the top half of his cock.
"Brinna," he said, a warning note in his voice, "I'm close." I increased the suction, thrilled at hearing his corresponding response. "Oh god," he moaned, fingers tightening in my hair, "that's it, like that. Oh fuck, baby, I'm gonna cum for you. Gonna give you what you want." His hips pressed against my hands insistently. I knew he wanted to thrust his cock deeper down my throat, but he let me hold him steady. I reveled in his desire for it, regardless. "Ah, Brinna, fuck, I'm cumming," he ground out, and with a hard twitch of his cock, the first of his load hit the back of my tongue.
After I had taken every last drop of him, I let his cock slip from between my lips, looking up to find him watching me. I couldn't read his expression and felt a momentary stab of concern. I thought that he might be upset about us being in a room where, yes, if someone had come into this area, they might have looked in and seen something.
"Are you okay?" I asked.
"More than okay," he answered, and I smiled, relieved. "Stand up, Brinna."
I stood, curious. Zach leaned in and kissed me, prodding gently with his tongue so that I opened my mouth. His tongue danced briefly with mine before he pulled back.
"I like kissing you, knowing you've had my cock in your mouth. Is that gross?"
"Not to me," I answered, and returned his kiss.
While we kissed, I tucked his softening member back in his pants.
"I'm going home, Zach," I said quietly, "but I'm going to think about you tonight." I kissed his cheek. "Maybe I'll tell you about it when I see you Thursday."
I left as he was fastening his pants. I smiled inwardly, knowing he had turned, feeling his eyes following me. I could have had more from him, maybe in that room, maybe down in our special space. Instead, I wanted to savor this one act with him for today, and hopefully leave us both wanting more the next time we met.
I let my mind turn to Thursday, and wondered what it might bring.
To be continued...
Thanks, andyinoz, for the continued editing support!
{R.N., 1-3 for you.}