This story is a continuation of "A Wife's Redemption Day 01". As background, Dean discovered that his wife had cheated while on a business trip and she has agreed to do anything he wants for three days for redemption.
*****
CHAPTER 6
I spent the rest of the day wandering the mall and replaying the excitement from the day in my mind. I picked out a variety of outfits that I was excited about modeling for Dean later or wearing out in public for the first time. I had also changed into a I also stopped by the grocery store to buy some supplies for the following day. I arrived back at the house around 8:00 p.m. and Dean was sitting on the couch watching T.V. "Hey," I greeted him.
"Did you have a successful shopping trip?" he asked.
"You told me I had the night off. I guess you're not going to find out until tomorrow," I teased.
He smiled. "The good thing is that it's my deal, my rules, and I can change my mind whenever I want." I saw the evil look in his eye and started to get nervous. Then I noticed him grab a camcorder that was sitting on the couch cushion next to him. He flipped on the switch and pointed the camera at me. The lit red light on the front of the camera left no doubt in my mind that he was actually recording.
"Strip for me," Dean commanded, leaving no doubt that he was in control.
Although he had brought up the idea several times throughout our relationship, I had never once seriously considered making a sex tape of any sort. I've always been worried about the possible consequences if the video ended up in the wrong hands. "Uh...you're going to make a video of me taking my clothes off?" I asked him with true concern in my voice.
"Yep."
"I'm not sure if I'm comfortable doing that. Isn't there something else I can do for you...without the video camera?" I pleaded with him.
Dean's face became serious. "You need to realize three things. First, I don't care whether or not you're comfortable with being recorded. We have a deal and you're going to live up to it. Second, rest assured that you're going to be doing plenty of 'something elses' over the next few days, so offering to do 'something else' in exchange for stripping for the video is worthless to me. And finally, you still have a choice. You can stay here and strip like I told you, or you can walk out the front door right now and we'll both just move on with our lives...alone."
I felt my face become flush.
"Well?" Dean asked, clearly becoming impatient. "Maybe some music will help," he offered, hitting play on his iPod.
As I heard Marvin Gaye's "Let's Get it On" start on the speakers, my face still showed my apprehension. But, at the same time, I felt my still braless nipples harden and reveal themselves through the thin material of my shirt. Unfortunately, Dean noticed also.
He smiled. "By the look of your nipples, it appears my dear wife is more of an exhibitionist whore than I thought," Dean laughed as he walked over to me and squeezed one of my nipples with his free hand. I jumped at the pain. "It's obvious that you love showing yourself off, so what are you waiting for?"
With that, I started swaying my hips to the music and began unbuttoning my blouse. I still didn't have a bra or panties on from earlier in the day, so within seconds I gave the camera a full view of my uncovered chest. I slowly moved my hands up from the hem of my short skirt, along my stomach, and began fondling my breasts. I lifted one breast to my mouth and ran my tongue around my nipple, feeling it get even harder.
"Turn around and bend over," Dean ordered. Knowing better than to question him, I faced away from the camera and reached down to put my hands on the floor. The result was that the skirt lifted about half-way up my ass and my pussy was fully exposed to the camera. "Now shake your ass around the like exhibitionist whore that you are." As I complied, I again felt my own body betray me as my pussy became filled with my own wetness.
I looked between my legs at Dean and heard him let out a soft moan as he subconsciously rubbed his hardening cock through the material of his pants. Not wanting to disappoint, I reached up and started fucking myself with two fingers from my right hand. At the same time, I began playing with my clit with my thumb. I felt a powerful orgasm welling up inside of me and was about to cum, when I heard Dean say something that brought me back to reality.
"This is so hot. I can't wait to post this video online."
I immediately stood back up and turned towards Dean while simultaneously pulling my skirt back down to cover as much of myself as I could. "What did you just say?" I asked with a mix of anger and fear in my voice.
"Excuse me?" Dean responded impatiently, video camera still recording. "I said that I'm going to post this video on the internet and I don't think you're in a position to complain. It was going to go into a private forum, but if you don't check your attitude, it's going to go on every adult website I can find. Hell, if you don't watch yourself, I'll put it on YouTube with the title 'My Wife's a Whore' and repost it every time it gets taken down."
My heart skipped a beat. "I'm sorry," I said sheepishly, not knowing how else to respond. "What else would you like me to do?"
"First you're going to look straight into the camera and tell anybody watching the video what a whore you are."
I took a few seconds for me to bring myself to even look at the camera. Once I built up the courage, I quietly said, "I'm a whore."
"I'm sorry, I couldn't quite hear what you said. Could you repeat that?" Dean wasn't going to make this easy.
"I'm a whore," I said again, this time in a normal voice.
"Whose whore are you?" he asked me.
"I'm your whore."
"Do you like to be fucked?"
"Yes," I replied, assuming that was the only right answer.
"Tell me how you like to be fucked," Dean then instructed.
I paused for a moment, trying to think of how he would want me to answer. "I liked to be fucked any way to that you want to fuck me."
The smile that appeared on Dean's lips told me that he liked my answer. "Tell me more," he requested with renewed interest in his voice.
"I'm your whore and want to be fucked however you like. I crave the feel of your cock in my pussy and my mouth," I was trying to lay it on thick. "I live for you to fill my pussy and...my mouth...with your cum." I hesitated before professing my desire for Dean to fill my mouth with his cum because I still gagged a bit at the thought of it.
"Well, fortunately, you have a chance right now to prove to our audience how much you love being my whore. Come over here right now and suck my dick on video."
I took a deep breath and walked over to Dean. I unzip his pants and began to fondle his still semi-erect cock. I then got down on my knees in front of him and started running my tongue around the head of his penis. Once he became fully hard, I took his full length into my mouth and felt the head push deep into my throat. Fighting off the gag reflex, I backed him off some and let my tongue wander along the length of his member while caressing his balls with my hand.
"Don't forget to look up at the camera," Dean reminded me, almost cheerfully.
I looked up at the camera that Dean still held in his right hand and had pointed straight at me with his cock in my mouth. I felt my face again become flush and realized that my only way out of this photo shoot was to give Dean the blowjob of his life so he would shoot his load and it would all be over.
I started stroking with my hand in unison with me moving his cock in and out of my mouth. After what I think were a few minutes, I felt his balls tighten, so I knew he was close. I started preparing myself mentally for the load of cum that he was about the release into mouth and down my throat, when Dean did the unexpected. He pulled his cock out of my mouth pushed my forehead back so that my face was looking straight at the ceiling.
"Do you want me to cover your face with cum?" Dean asked.
I instinctively shook my head no before thinking. "Well, tough," he laughed. "Open your mouth, stick out your tongue, and leave your eyes open so you can watch the cum cover you," he instructed, his breathing becoming heavier.
Just as I complied, he shot the load right into my eye and the second onto my cheek. He then set the head of his cock on my tongue and milked the rest of his cum straight into my mouth. "Smile for the camera whore and tell everybody how much you like being covered in cum," he commanded,
I swallowed the cum, gagging a big less than the last time, looked up at the camera, and said, "Thank you for covering me in your cum. I'm your whore and love it when you use me." Dean smiled and I realized that he was thinking the same thing I was thinking. Those words seemed to come out of my mouth a bit too easily. What was happening to me?
CHAPTER 7
"Go get yourself cleaned up and meet me in the office," Dean instructed as he zipped his pants back up.
I walked to the bathroom, face still covered in cum, like a prisoner on a death walk. There was only one reason that Dean would want meet me in the office. That's where our computer was and it looked like he wasn't going to waste any time posting the video online.
When I got to the bathroom I stood there naked and looked at myself in the mirror. Dean's seed was running down both of my cheeks and was starting to dry. What had I gotten myself into? On one hand, I was a professional, independent woman that always told myself that I didn't need any man to complete my life. On the other, I still loved Dean very much and would do anything to keep him. Plus, as much as I hated to admit it, all of these new adventures were really turning me on. I was really starting to enjoy being Dean's little whore.
"What's taking so long?" I heard Dean yell from across the house.
"I'll be right there," I answered as I wet a washcloth to clean off my face. Once my face was clean, I walked to my dresser and grabbed out a short black satin kimono robe that just barely covered my ass and showed off my still hard nipples almost as if I wasn't wearing anything at all. "It's not much," I thought to myself, "but at least I'll be covered up."
As expected, when I walked into the office, I saw the camera hooked up to the computer and Dean sitting there with a huge grin on his face. "I like the robe," he said approvingly. I forced a smile. "Come on over and sit with me," he said as if nothing different had happened between us in the past several days.
Something about his casual tone made me nervous. I walked across the room, pulling the robe tight around my body. When I arrived at the computer I felt my heart sink as I saw a full screen video of me bent over fingering myself for the camera. "Who are sending that to?" I asked.
"Sending? Right now nobody. But, while you were cleaning up I SENT some choice clips to a few friends I met online that also have cheating whore wives. Right now they're all watching your video and I'm waiting for their responses." Dean appeared to be very pleased with himself. "The responses would have come back sooner, but I'm sure some of them are jerking off to you fingering yourself at this very moment." I felt a twinge of both horror and excitement run through my body at the thought.
Just then, the computer let out a bing. Dean minimized the video and revealed a chat room called "CHEATING WIFE REVENGE" that had five participants. I read the message the appeared on the screen.
PAUL1966: awesome video! that is one hot whore! she has one of the most beautiful pussies I have ever seen. what else do you have planned for her?
Dean looked up at me and smiled. As much as I hated to, I smiled back, almost proud of getting the compliment for this perfect stranger that was probably sitting in front of his computer with no pants on and his dick in his hand. Dean responded:
DEAN: I don't know. She's standing right here. What would you like her to do?
PAUL1966: you should tie her up and let strangers fuck her pussy and mouth and cover her with cum
DEAN: An interesting idea. Do I have any volunteers?
PAUL1966: let me know when and where and i'm there
DOMMAN: I'm in
BIGWILLIE44: Me to!
DEAN: Let me come up with a time and place and I'll let you guys know. For now, let me give my whore a rest for the night. She is supposed to have a big day planned for me tomorrow. Here's one more video for your enjoyment.
With that, Dean clicked the upload button to load a clip he had named "Wife Facial". He then abruptly stood up from the computer and started walking out of the room. He reminded me of his previous order. "Remember, tomorrow is your chance to prove that you are willing to do anything to keep me. Don't disappointment me, or you will regret it." I stared at his back as he walked out of the room. I guess I had some work to do.
CHAPTER 8
In truth, I still didn't really have a solid plan for Dean's "Special Day", but I knew I had to do something extra special. I sat down on the couch with my laptop looking for sex ideas, and none of them were that appealing. I didn't think he would be into me dressing up like a school girl or any of the multitude of other role play ideas out there and food was too messy (we tried it before). There was one thing that kept coming up that I kept resisting, but finally decided to try to set-up. A threesome.
We had joked about threesomes in the past when our neighbor was going through marital problems and always came over telling us how much she wanted to have sex, but I never thought about actually bringing the fantasy into the realm of reality. I didn't have any friends that I particularly wanted to see naked or that I wanted my husband to have sex with, so I went where everybody else goes for something like that, Craigslist. I logged on and placed an ad: "Wife looking for a third as a surprise for her husband. We are both 35 years old, professionals, fit, and attractive. You should be between 25 and 35, open minded, fit, and comfortable around us both. Looking for tomorrow afternoon. We host." I clicked submit, logged onto my e-mail, and waited.
Before long, I had an influx of e-mails into my in-box. Most of them were from spammers, but one stood out. She said that her name was Hillary and that she had recently moved to town from Connecticut to take a job at a local hospital. She was 33, divorced, and had previously been involved in a ménage à trois with her ex and had a good time. She sent two pictures, one of her fully clothed in a pair of leggings, knee high boots, and a white shirt and the other of herself wearing a simple bra and panty set. It was obvious from her pictures that she wasn't model thin (which Dean didn't like anyway) but was very fit. I replied to her e-mail and talked to her on the phone. We both hit it off and I set up a meeting at our house at 5:00 p.m. the following evening.
I looked at the clock. It was 2:25 a.m. In truth, I guess Dean's "special day" had already begun. As I walked into the room, I paused to watch Dean, laying there naked, sleeping on top of the covers. Although he wasn't exactly Mr. Universe, he kept himself fit and I loved looking at his toned body. I couldn't imagine losing him because of a stupid mistake. I knew I had to pull out all the stops.
I took off all of my clothes and stood there naked, still taking in the sight of Dean's sleeping body. Then, quietly, I slipped into bed next to him and, without touching any other part of his body, slowly took his soft male member into my mouth. I fluttered my tongue along the tip and felt it grow to its full length. Dean let out a soft moan, but stayed asleep. I grabbed the base of his penis with my right hand and used my spit as a lubricant as I started stroking him and sucking him at the same time. With my left hand, a played with his scrotum, gently massaging his balls. I looked up and saw Dean's eyes start to crack open. He smiled when he looked down and saw me sucking his cock and then laid his head back to enjoy the moment.
As his moaning started getting louder and his body started to tighten, I tasted his salty pre-cum oozing from the tip of his member. I stopped moving. He groaned and begged me to keep going. When I refused, he started stroking himself. I pulled his hand away and then spun around and got up on all fours. "Fuck me in the ass," I commanded him, sticking my ass up in the air so he could see that I was serious.
Dean's eyes opened wide. He'd been asking for anal sex since our honeymoon 5 years ago and I never even showed an inkling of giving in to his request. Now, I was finally letting him live out his fantasy. He grabbed some lube from the night stand and put some along my ass crack and on top of my virgin hole. He began rubbing his hand along the length of my ass, teasing my asshole with his fingers. When he stuck the tip of his finger in, I yelped at the unexpected feeling, but then told him to keep going.
He then reached down and stroked his cock, making sure that there was plenty of lube. He rubbed the tip of his penis along my ass and stopped at its entrance. My heart fluttered and my mind raced as I anticipated what was to come. And then, very slowly, he pushed the tip of his cock into my ass.
"Unnghh," I cried. It felt like the ring of my ass was on fire.
"Do you want me to stop?" he asked, although the tone of his voice told me that he had no intention of stopping.
I pondered it for a moment. It felt like he was ripping my asshole in half, but at the same time, Dean's arousal made me more excited. "No. Keep going. Just go slow." Dean smiled, paused for a moment, and then quickly forced the entire length of his member into my ass. "Unghh," I grunted again. "Wait. Don't move. Give me a second," I begged Dean, hoping that my ass would relax and better accept is cock. After a moment to collect myself, I gave Dean the go ahead. "I want you to cum in my ass. Fuck me and cum in my ass," I instructed him.
My words were all the encouragement that needed. He grabbed my ass cheeks and started slowly moving in and out of my ass. After several strokes, the pain started to subside and began to be replaced by pleasure. As Dean got closer to finishing, I felt him grab my ass cheeks and start fucking me faster and faster. I reached between my legs and fingered my clit while he fucked me. I felt myself getting close the same time that Dean's breathing started getting harder, his strokes started getting faster, and his grip on my ass became tighter. He was moving in and out of my asshole fast and hard when he let out a loud groan and filled my ass with his cum. At the exact same moment, an orgasm of my own overtook my body and I began to shudder in pleasure. As Dean pulled his cock out of my ass, I felt cum running down my ass crack onto my pussy. We both collapsed on the bed. Dean grabbed me in his arms and without another word, we both fell asleep.