My first erotic work featuring Ruffles, a goblin character I plan to write a lot about in her hometown of Spyt. I have plenty more characters I plan to introduce, but I thought this would be a good introduction to her story and an idea of the city itself. Set in a long-time fantasy setting of mine, that I may show more of as she continues her adventures. Side jobs is going to be a series of short stories, allowing me to experiment with a lot of scenarios and characters independently, rather than doing something long and ongoing. The idea is that you can jump in at any point! Anyway, here it is, the start of hers, a street performance gone particularly wrong. Lots of humiliation and public fucking -- Enjoy, and comment if you have any thoughts or suggestions :)
~
It's tough living as a street performer in a town like Spyt. On the cusp of a great empire and the fringes of orderly society, the frontier city is home to all kinds of misfits, misfortunates, and miscreants, and most have too much on their mind to enjoy a sub-par acoustic song and dance. Many would rather throw rocks at a musician than coins in their hat, and most who throw coins usually try to aim for the eyes. Still, many try their luck, and few have been as successful as the carmine-haired goblin carrying a guitar the size of almost her entire body through the packed city streets.
Taking the last bite of her meat pie, the content of which entirely mysterious, she savours what the last of her coin bought her. Sure, her savings were running low -- Or, empty -- but she had a plan to make it all back with a big show in the central market, a confident little grin on her freckled face. Rolling up to her usual spot with the swagger of a real rockstar, she rests her disproportionately large yet otherwise average sized-guitar upon the wall of a destitute shop she performs in front of -- The only place she can't get kicked out of. A tatterdemalion canopy rests above the boarded-up storefront, rays of sunlight peeking through while providing moderate shade and protection from the elements.
Her trusty milk-crate stage rests in the dusty doorframe to the building, which she drags out a little into the street. She stole it in a daring heist after it fell from a carriage, and it's been a key part of her performance ensemble alongside her bold outfit to help her attract the attention of passers-by. She wears a half-blue, half-red pair of leggings, her flesh peeking and bulging through the worn holes in sides where they have ripped from wear and tear. Luckily, however, they were in spots that weren't too revealing, besides, her patrons seemed to appreciate them. They hug her ass firmly, her cheeks stretching the striped fabric that shows off her curvy figure excellently -- Though she wears no underwear underneath. The little goblin justifies going commando with the fact that her pants already cover her bits, and that she'd rather spend her money on a nice juicy meat hunk.
She complements this with an off-white bikini top, a string to fasten it at the front. The tied cloth barely manages to keep her heavy bosom contained as the squishy flesh pushes together into a risky cleavage. To aid her height ever so slightly she wears a pair of high-heeled boots with an opening for her four little toes. This made balancing on her little crate a bit harder, but it also made her easier to see above the heads of crowds. Unfortunately, her guitar was in about as good a state as her clothes, having aged horrifically since she acquired it four or five years ago.
Crude etchings were graffitied onto it both by Ruffles and her friends, ranging from messy little cat faces, creepy drawings, signatures, and a prominent dick carved into the frame at the front, cumming over the rest of the drawings. It was missing two strings, but she tuned the remaining four as she prepared to set up. Given the size it was a little tough to play, and so she'd usually resort to using it like a double bass, standing it up to pull on the strings. It was covered in scratches from doing so, not to mention the fact she didn't keep it in a case. She barely made enough money to get repairs, let alone buy a new guitar.
She remained largely unnoticed as people passed by, however as she bent over to adjust her 'stage', she received a hefty slap on the ass from a passer-by. She yelps as she jolts around rapidly, recognising a regular who grins as she rubs her now-sore bum.
"Hey Ruffles! You on, today? When's the fuckin' show?" They ask, a rowdy bald-headed human who belonged to a local construction company -- Whose boss she was on very good terms with. They were all guys she partied with by extension, though she didn't know most of their names.
"Since when did slapping my ass become the new hello?! I'm playing in a few minutes, you'll see." She smirks through the pain, wincing a little as she removes her hand from her ass, the squishy flesh jiggling under her leggings. She was a little plump in build, but extremely curvy, and most who know her can never resist when she leaves her huge behind exposed.
"Since forever, Ruff! You know I'm just teasing, right? I'm gonna' grab some food and come back to watch in a sec." He says, giving a cheeky wink as he pulls off his gloves, clipping them onto a hook on his filthy overalls.
Ruffles gives a little soft smile, shaking her head at his rotten behaviour, though she always found it particularly endearing. The little goblin loved being the centre of attention, even if it was more perverted in nature. It wasn't long before she set up properly, hopping up on her wooden crate -- Not a ton of room to move around, but she'd trained her balance spectacularly. It was a scorching day and she'd already worked up a bit of a sweat, but it was only just about to begin. Clearing her throat she looks both ways on the street, and once a decent amount of traffic picked up she began.
Starting with slow strumming that ramped up in energy as the minutes went past, two or three of her usual patrons showed up. She had placed down a metal tankard in front for donations, half a copper coin thrown in during the start of the performance. Her music was accompanied by a soft dance, swaying her wide hips like a metronome as her huge jugs struggled to stay in their tiny cover, looking as if they would fall out at any moment but never doing so. The corona of her nipples peaked above the cloth, a slightly darker green than the rest of her freckled skin, a slight reddish-purple blush on her face, and at the tips of her ears. The sides of her fiery red hair rocked, tied up at the back in a messy bun with the sides let down, also tied at the ends.
Her music ramped up as the crowd was reeled in, starting smooth and folksy but rising to a rock-and-roll energy, working the four strings surprisingly well. It wasn't stellar, nor a particularly moving performance, but it was enough to get a couple of heads bobbing as she starts stomping the crate underneath, gesturing for the crowd to do the same. It isn't long before a dozen or so people are clapping along, most of her audience likely drunk, but it was rare for a sober individual in Spyt. She gets numerous cheers from rowdy individuals of all sizes, starting as encouraging but getting steadily raunchier. She maintained a smile, but got both excited and anxious as the crowd continued to shout.
"LITTLE PIG CAN DANCE, HUH? GO ON!" One in the crowd claps, yelling in cupped hands.
"HEY, IT'S THE GREEN IDIOT WITH THE FAT ASS! GO ON, SHOW US YOUR ASS!" Another yells out, jeering as more join in.
She was used to it, but something about the attention was getting her heated, her breath shaky as she performed. If she decided to sing, she probably couldn't maintain a note, though she kept on going as she watches a few more coins come in -- Whole ones, this time! Getting lost in the energy, she playfully tugged at her shirt, her nipples almost poking out as the crowd cheers. She continues to perform, but that seemed to only get them more riled up.
"STOP TEASING AND PULL EM' OUT!" A woman yells from the crowd, the mostly male audience cheering her on.
"YEAH, COME ON, RUFF! YOU KNOW WHY WE'RE REALLY HERE!" Another voice shouts out. She was a little confused, but picked up on it fairly quickly. She was slow, but the crowd was extremely obvious with what they wanted.
They were even more rowdy today than usual, and while she got cat-called every now and again, they weren't usually this rowdy... Did someone tell them about her show? Her mind raced as her cheeks grew redder, becoming more and more flustered. A wave of heat washed over her, somewhere in-between embarrassment, and arousal. All the attention from the crowd made her feel especially special, and it quickly went to her head. She started to blank out as her body and fingers continued to play on autopilot. Not paying attention to her footing as she awkwardly dances, she misplaces a foot and goes tumbling off the crate. Falling backwards, she manages to catch herself on the wall behind as the box underneath rattles, the crowd yelling out in both concern and excitement.
Pushing herself off the wall, relieved to have not injured herself, she feels a sudden tug at the back of her pants, but it was too late to stop herself as she pushed herself forward. The crowd was loud, though so was the loud tearing as the back of her leggings split open from lower back to crotch. Everything was exposed, the crowd cheering out as she hides her lower body behind the guitar, her face completely distraught with panic stretching her eyes open. She immediately felt the cool breeze underneath her, pressing her legs together to try and minimise the view, but there was still enough of a gap to see her pussy from the front, though the back was left far more visible.
Her mind went into overdrive as she tried to think of a way out, her cheeks as red as her hair, glancing around as the music completely stopped. Her audience goes completely wild, and that is when she sees it -- A silver piece, flipped graciously through the air and into her donation's tankard. That was enough money to feed her for a week! Maybe the split wasn't such a curse after all, she thought, as she slowly turned to the side. She slowly swayed her hips again as she plucked on a few strings, splitting her legs as she begins to dance -- With each coin in the tankard, the more encouraged she felt.
There was something supremely exciting about performing, genitals exposed to a crowd of people in the middle of a busy street. The tear only showed glimmers fiery crotch-hair, the same crimson as that on her head, her pussy growing gradually damper as she grew more confident in her obscene performance, turning on her heel to expose her freckled ass, the rip having exposed most of it -- Her huge, pillowy behind having already wiggled it's way out from most of the cloth, only the waistband holding it together. She teasingly spread a cheek at an angle, only showing a glimmer of her dark green donut before turning to continue playing. Her movements were professional, but her composure wasn't barely able to show her face to the crowd, let alone look at them. The roar of the people watching was affirmation enough that they were enjoying it, not to mention the occasional thunk of a coin thrown in her tankard.
"NOW BEND OVER, YOU TINY SLUT!" More yelling come, getting more and more profane.
"I'LL GIVE YOU A SILVER IF YOU LET ME FUCK YOU WHILE YOU PLAY!" One yells, waving a piece in the air as other nudges him, laughing.
"I BET THAT BITCH CAN TAKE TWO AT ONCE IN THE SAME HOLE!"
Giving in to a few of the demands, she playfully bends over, but realises it's a bad idea as soon as someone smacks her practically bare ass, leaving a red mark as she flinches. Entirely carried away at this point, the feeling of being seen this way was thoroughly addicting. The intoxicating thrill of exposing herself to dozens in this way, how everyone was looking at her, enjoying her. The degradation from the crowd only turned her on more, her coochie practically dripping as she nudges it against the guitar, sliding her clit against one of the edges.
"SHE'S LOSING HER MIND -- LOOK, SHE'S FUCKING HER GUITAR!" One yells in the crowd as the others start to laugh at her, an extra level of humiliation that sends her into a nearly feverish level of horniness. She barely plays her instrument, just plucking a few ill-timed strings as she rubs herself against her instrument's frame.
"IF YOU WANT IT THAT BAD JUST JUMP DOWN INTO THE CROWD!" More encourage, with Ruffles growing more and more needy as the crowd grow more and more ecstatic, the tension only rose. Ruffles' mind was going blank, but this time she was far too distracted to realise the old crate underneath her was reaching its limit. With the constant rocking and vigorous dancing, it could hold Ruffles no longer, and just as she manages to pull herself away from her guitar a corner support snaps.
Falling forward as her guitar tumbles off to the side, Ruffles plummets into the crowd, falling face-first into the soft dirt on the side of the road. She was immediately aware of what position she was in, even despite her rising lust. In the middle of a rowdy audience who want nothing more than to fuck her, face down and ass-up. She attempts to get up, but feels a heavy boot against the back of her head, her cheek pressed into the ground. She hears the shouts of the men besides her, one slapping her ass before another does the same. She receives a spanking from everyone around her, each one roughly handling her and eager to get their hands on her, spreading her cheeks wide. Like a scrap of meat in the piranha tank she was at the mercy of her crowd, and she was going to be eaten up by them at this rate.
She felt something wet hit her spread asshole, as one of her patrons spits on her. Another few slaps and more spitting, as the handful of men directly around her start to lube her up, her ass-cheeks extremely red from all the spanking. One slips a finger directly into her asshole as Ruffles yelps out, turning into a soft, reluctant moan.
"H-Hey! This isn't... Good..." Ruffles starts, not quite capable of sorting out the right words in her head. "I'm trying to play music... Here..." She trails off, her speech turning into little squeaks of pleasure. She knew she was lying to herself, and she was enjoying every bit of it. This wasn't exactly her goal for today, and it was certainly something new, but the fuzzy feeling throughout her entire body meant it had to be good.
"Shut up, you little nymph. You think waving your asshole around like that says otherwise?! You couldn't play a coherent melody over fucking your damn instrument! You can at least take something real up your ass." One shouts out as another chuckles, each daring each-other to pull out their cock as Ruffles lets out a few more moans, a couple of digits belonging to different hands roughly fingering her holes, though most seemed focused on her surprisingly accommodating butthole. "Whoa, she's pretty stretchy! I wonder if she can take me!" He shouts out to his buddies, the half-giant half-human worker grins, unbuckling his belt as he pulls out a cock like Ruffles has never seen before. Not hugely long, but it was extremely thick, with bulging veins across it's length. Ruffles' eyes widen in awe -- and terror, as he crouches down and plants it against her spit-lubed anus.
"NONONONO-" Ruffles yells out before she feels the rough insertion. Her hips move frantically from side to side to try and escape, but pinned down she's got no way to wiggle out. Her little hole stretches wide as she bites her lip to suppress a huge moan, which fails as she receives a crude slap on the ass, letting out a shout of both pleasure and surprise. The half giant begins to thrust slowly, Ruffles adjusting to the size rather quickly, though it was a new sensation to be filled like that -- Not that she didn't like it.
Another member of the crowd pulled out their cock, then another. They seemed to enjoy the show so much they wanted their own form of relief as they watched, or maybe they were waiting for a turn, Ruffles drooling at the mouth with her head still under someone else's' boot, tears welling up in her eyes as she was pounded, losing herself in the pleasure of being used. She let out little yelps every now and again, her pussy soaked and dripping, though ultimately ignored as she's railed in the ass. The half-giant gets carried away, but another pulls him away.
"Don't cum, inside, man, I want a turn." He says, as the first to fuck Ruffles nods, pulling away.
"Well, where the fuck am I supposed to?"
"I don't know, the mud?"
While another replaces his spot in Ruffles hole, winking as it lies sightly agape before another cock fills it, the half-giant picks up her tankard, shrugging. He pockets the few coins inside, before stroking his twitching cock a few more times before ejaculating into it, his heavy balls carrying a huge load. He places gives it to the other guy, whispering something into his ear.
Meanwhile, Ruffles continues to be fucked thoroughly by her audience. Lost in a state of pleasure, she lost count of how many went in and out, and who was fucking her at any given time. She managed to shift a hand around to feverishly finger herself as she was getting fucked, something new having awakened inside her -- Something that was satisfying her carnal desires to the deepest level. At the third or fourth guy she completely loses it, her asshole clenching up suddenly as she orgasms explosively and suddenly, squirting buckets onto the floor beneath her as her body shivers. As she climaxes, so does the man inside her, though he pulls out. She manages to get a glance at the man cumming into the metal tankard, and it seems like most of the men before them had been. Ruffles was slow to catch on, but her current state of mind didn't help.
She finds herself so lost in this state that she doesn't realise just how much time passes, and just how many come in and out of her. At one point she feels the boot being pulled off her head, and being carried somewhere darker, after already squirting countless times from being used by those that came to watch her. She starts to come-to in a darker alley, and by the orange in the sky it was obvious a significant amount of time had passed. Her body ached, her thighs sticky with her own juices, and her used asshole couldn't stop twitching as she sat collapsed on the ground.
"W-Where am I? What... How long has it been?" She says, managing to muster a few words before looking up at three or four men surrounding her, one of which the half-giant from the beginning.
"Police showed up so we dragged you here. Probably woulda' had you in chains otherwise, ha." One mutters, offering her help up to her feet.
"Where... Where is my guitar?" She asks, looking around in a sort of dazed state.
"I got it here, don't worry. Someone stole all of your tips, though."
"What?!" Ruffles yells back, frowning. All of that was for nothing...?
"It's alright, I've got a shiny gold piece for you right here, but I've got something I want you to do to get it."
Ruffles' eyes light up as her ears twitch, shaking off the fatigue almost immediately. A gold is a ton of money, and Ruffles was under the misconception it was worth at least a few thousand silver coins. That, or the shiny gleam was just irresistible to her. She nods, as one of the man hands her the tankard she had been keeping her tips in.
"We saved you a little surprise, slut. You wanted it so bad, but we weren't gonna' fill you up no matter how bad you begged." The tough-looking man taunted, as Ruffles looked down at the cum-filled tankard, almost overflowing. Some spills down the side as she looks at it, eyes wide.
"I was begging...?" Ruffles asks, in partial disbelief. She looks down at the cup, sniffing it. Particularly pungent, she recoiled a little bit, before looking up at the others. "You... Want me to drink this? For a gold piece?"
"Yeah." The half-giant said, holding up the glimmering coin to the diminishing light.
Ruffles looks at the tankard for a minute, before slowly nodding. She takes a little sip at first, wincing a little. It wasn't great, but if it earned her a gold piece... She resolved herself to the task and brought it to her mouth, using both hands to hold the tankard as she chugged the thick fluid as best as she could, the cum-cocktail of a dozen or so guys. It was difficult to swallow and she had to drink slowly, the taste plastering her tongue. She didn't really get why they were making her do it, though she figured out what exactly it was fairly quickly. It started to leak down to her chin as she chugged the bitter goo. She'd drank far worse, and was starting to feel a little full half-way, pausing for a moment to breathe as she wipes away the load on her chin.
"That's only half a job, girlie! Keep going or you aren't seeing your money!"
Reluctantly continuing, she brings the mug to her mouth again as she squints her eyes, trying to down the gluey man-sap as gracefully as she can muster, something she could grow to like if not for the sheer quantity she was consuming it in. She thought about just how many people were in that crowd, and that in a way this was the ultimate act of submission to their whims. Feeling even more humiliated at the idea, she shuffles her legs restlessly as she kneels, needy once more despite the soreness. Despite the distracting feeling, she manages to gulp the last few drops, throwing the tankard to the side as she opens her mouth wide open, showing she had drank it all like a kid proving they had eaten their vegetables.
"Aaaah~ Gone! Now give me a challenge!" She shouts out in victory. "I mean, give me the gold. I did what you wanted!" She yells out, garnering a few mean-spirited laughs in return.
"Holy shit, she actually did it. This girl is insane." They chuckle to each-other, throwing the gold on the stone street below as they walk away, finally leaving Ruffles alone. She was still in pain, and her leggings were absolutely ruined, but there it was... A genuine gold piece. She picked it up, biting on it with a sharp tooth for good measure. It seemed real. The money was one thing, but she was still reeling from the performance-turned-gangbang that had happened prior. Technically this was her most successful show yet, financially, though as she gets up on her weak, shivering legs, she realises what else she found out about herself. The whole situation felt wrong, ingenuine to her craft, but... Also strangely fulfilling.
She lets the taste sit on her tongue for a minute as she gets up, trudging over to her guitar as she rests for a moment besides it, brushing herself off. It was a quiet alley, and given the lack of company she sat down on some wooden crates in a small quad further down the thin street, where she spread her legs and began relieving her desire. Despite everything she was still extremely horny, using one of her fingers to rub herself as she lay lazily on the large crate, thighs squished against the wood. She had already gone through so much that the idea of someone finding her like this wasn't embarrassing, if anything, she was hoping for it. Not even her shiny gold coin was on her mind as her already wild imagination went wilder, the poor girl addled with lust.
Lazily massaging her still soaked slit with a stubby finger, exhaustion was quickly conquering her as she closed her eyes, her fingers moving slower as she recalls many of her lifelong fantasies -- Ones she's never had the guts to go through with, but after today they seem within grasp. With a soft smile on her face she finally passes out, curling into a little ball on the uncomfortable box, breathing softly as her mind drifts. Her bare ass remains exposed to the air, though for now she was far too tired to care. All in a day's work, she thought, as she gripped her coin tightly in her hand. Tomorrow she was eating well, that was for sure.