After showing them that nude video of me, as soon as they left Don fucked me right there on the couch.
I continued to wear short skirts and no bra to the poker club get togethers. I was stretching my comfort limits here but it felt like the right thing to do. A month ago there was no way I would even think of doing something like this and now I was doing it! I did it and nothing bad happened. What was I so afraid of? It was actually quite a relief not to have to put up with wearing that bra. Of course I still wear it when I am out in public. I don't want to be judged.
My hard nipples were certainly noticed and these guys weren't too shy to mention it.
"You saw them before, what's the big deal." I would say innocently. If I was sitting at the table I could even win a few hands because I think some of them were distracted. They mentioned this handicap they were having too.
"If it isn't a big deal, why don't we play strip poker?" Eric suggested.
"With one woman and six men? One of you guys bring your wife and then I'll go for it." I laughed knowing that would never happen.
"Would it make you feel better if I put a bra on?" I asked.
That idea didn't go over either. No one seemed to like that option. Even though I have DD breasts, my doctor tells me I have what he called dense breast tissue. What it means to him is that it is hard to get results from a mammogram. They have to squeeze that vise they use extra hard to get a proper mammogram. Extremely uncomfortable for me but it also means I sag very little and they bounce quite a bit less than they should for their size.
The next week all six guys arrived and what shocked me was that Andy brought Caroline, his wife along. I say again, I was shocked. She wasn't really here to play strip poker was she? Naah! That couldn't be it. And yet she was! Andy and his wife were here to play strip poker! I don't know who was more surprised, me or the other guys. Andy was here to call my bluff!
"Well my wife is here! Are you going to chicken out Charlotte?" Andy asked.
"Are you sure you want to do this Caroline? With these other six leches?" I asked.
"Sure why not! This isn't the first time we have played strip poker with other couples, this is just a bigger group. We go to the nude beach all the time. I am not ashamed of my body. Besides I know these guys and their wives quite well." she said.
The guys jaws dropped but no more than mine did.
"What would your wives say?" I asked the guys.
"They all know we go to the strip clubs. This is no different." Wayne said.
"Oh, it is different all right! The girls at the strip club are changing all the time and are anonymous. Your wives are all good friends of Caroline and myself." I rebuked them.
"We just won't mention it."
"As long as everybody is sworn to secrecy I guess I will go along with it. I will need a few more drinks to build up my nerve though." I said.
"Not me." said Caroline.
Wow! You think you know somebody! I thought.
"Everybody put your cellphone in this box." I said. "I trust you guys, but if your wives or girlfriend ever got a hold of your phone that would be the end of your relationship. I wont let that happen. Don got out his Nikon and was appointed the official photographer.
After we were sufficiently fortified I setup eight chairs with small towels on them in a circle with a small card table in the middle. The guys agreed to let us play with whatever we were wearing which gave me a clear advantage as I also had a garter on. I was excused for a few minutes to put on some sexier underwear. When I came back I mentioned that Caroline was wearing sandals so she had no socks to lose. She didn't care. We all removed our footwear to speed up the action. Andy decided to take off his undershirt to make himself even with the other guys. My eyes followed his actions. He must be working out I thought. Don opted out to make the game go faster.
"Chicken!" I teased him.
Because five card draw was the one Caroline was used to we decided to play that. I dealt five cards to each player face down. Everybody looked at their hands and decided how many cards they wanted to discard. Andy ended up with the low hand and ended up losing a sock. This continued until I eventually lost a hand and slowly peeled off one of my fishnet stockings while making no attempt to keep my skirt down. I noticed a lot of eyes on my legs then. After a number of hands I ended up in a bra, panties, and a garter and Caroline had to take off her see through bra. She stood up and did a little dance and then took off her bra and threw it away. Cheers erupted from everyone including me. The guys still had on at least their underwear. Eric, who was down to his boxer shorts lost the next round. I was suspicious that he threw the round just to show off the size of his manhood. Caroline and I cheered him on with whistles and catcalls. Out sprung a fairly erect cock. The other guys were trying to ignore it but Caroline and I certainly didn't avert our eyes.
"Caroline, how big do you think that thing gets" I teased.
"At least eight inches I would say." she laughed. "We could measure it." she said trying to be helpful.
"No, you could poke an eye out with that." I kidded Eric. The cock grew longer.
The guys suddenly looked, as if comparing their own size to it.
Eventually I lost again, but I was trying to lose. I discarded three kings and drew nothing good. I slowly took off my bra for the cheering crowd. I should have taken off the garter first, but I wanted the attention back to me from Caroline. After playing coy holding the bra in front of my tits, I eventually tossed it away like Caroline had done, shook my shoulders a bit to get my tits moving and sat down again. All eyes were on my DD tits. Even Caroline seemed fascinated.
"I would have never guessed that with boobs that size that your nipples would be that long. They didn't look that long in the video." Henry said.
"What these things?" I said as I stretched out my nipples. I realized that when Don was filming the video I didn't even realize he was doing it then so I wasn't excited like I am now. My nipples were hard now.
After that we gave up on the game and just took turns taking something off until we were all nude. Don even stripped.
The guys seemed fascinated by our cunts. Mine was very bushy because I didn't shave anymore than I had to to put on a bathing suit. I doubt they could make out much detail either because I kept my legs together. Caroline on the other hand was completely bare and certainly didn't keep her legs together.
"Haven't you guys seen a pussy before?" I asked but no one answered.
Caroline and I walked around comparing cocks. They looked about 5 to 7 inches long except for Eric who had the huge cock.
"Mind if I touch it?" Caroline asked Eric. This was getting out of my comfort zone. Even though Eric was single I didn't want sex going on in our house.
"Sure, no problem." Eric said.
Caroline proceeded to swallow Eric's cock completely down her throat while Eric rubbed her nipples. This didn't seem to bother Andy at all! I watched as she sucked that cock dry. Watching Eric come sure got me hot. Don snapped a picture of the event and I scolded him for it. After finishing up she asked the other guys if anyone else wanted a blow job.
"Don't you dare you guys! Your wives would never forgive me. I will tell on you! If you want to do that go someplace else." I yelled.
No one else volunteered.
"Just because Caroline let Eric grab her titties and gives blowjobs don't for a second think you can do that with me!" I said.
We all gathered together for a nude picture. I said that I was going to make a poster of it and put that down here in the basement but take it down if we got company. Everybody agreed to that. I had to make sure I could print it with the self serve equipment at the Walmart. I wasn't going to let anybody else see it. Well maybe a 10 x 12 would be better.
After that things calmed down a bit. The macho guys were a little uncomfortable seeing all those penises flopping around so I suggested that they get dressed but Caroline and I would stay nude and it turned out to be a CMNF event. I was getting a real kick out of the power I had over these guys. Some of them had moved back to the large round table and were playing poker again. When I leaned over the guys to serve them a drink I had to be careful not to give them a face full of boob. I warned them not to turn their heads as I leaned over them from the back. Don whispered in my ear. I came up behind Garth while he was sitting at the table to serve a drink and ended up putting a nipple in his ear by "accident". He turned his head straight and then my large tits ended up on either side of his neck. I froze and he slowly turned his head left and saw my left nipple out of the corner of his eye and then turned right and saw my right nipple. He stuck out his tongue and I said;
"Touch that nipple and you get a black eye." Don said he smiled and put his tongue back in his mouth. He said to Don;
"It might be worth it!"
We all laughed and I moved backwards. Things broke up soon afterwards. I invited Caroline back next week if she toned things down a bit. She asked if we were going to be nude hostesses again.
"What do you think guys? Do you want us as nude hostesses again next week?"
Everyone enthusiastically agreed to that. I made them agree not to touch Caroline or myself. If that happened even once they were kicked out for good.
"Would you like Andy to shave that bush for you? He shaves mine all the time?" Caroline asked.
I felt a tingle go through my body and looked at Don. He gave me the thumbs up.
"Would you guys like to come over next week and watch Andy shave me?" I asked hesitantly.
That met with cheers. I made sure Andy knew that only the razor was allowed to touch me. I went to the door still nude and handed back their cellphones as they left.
"Could you have a bath just before we get here? It makes shaving easier. I'll bring the supplies." Andy said.
Was I really going to allow Andy to shave me? I wasn't sure I liked the idea of a blade that close to my pussy or Andy's face either. You only live once and I wanted to push my limits. Besides for some reason I liked being an exhibitionist. Caroline was obviously an exhibitionist, but she was something more. Were Andy and Caroline swingers or something?
After everybody left I talked to Don.
"A little late but what did you think of me parading around in the nude in front of the guys?"
"I thought I would be jealous but I was only a little jealous at first. After that it was fun having them see what they could only dream of touching! Their wives are going to be getting a good pounding tonight! Some of them are going to be thinking of you and Caroline when they are making love with their wives." Don said.
"Is that a good thing?"
"Sure, let them have their fantasies. It won't hurt anybody and will recharge their sex lives."
"If you change your mind about the nude hostess bit just let me know and I will quit right away. What about having Andy shave me? How do you feel about that?" I said.
"Well the thought of it sure gets my blood pumping. I have to admit that it will be great to actually see some of the detail down there for the first time."
"You never mentioned that before!"
"Well, no, I didn't think it was my place to mention that. Now that you have an experienced pussy shaver willing to do it for you I am all for the idea!"
The idea of it was starting to give me butterflies as the alcohol started to wear off.
I was so excited I dragged Don upstairs and rode him cowboy style. Wow! Don was harder than he had been in a long time. This nudity stuff was sure energizing our sex life.
Next week arrived and Andy and Caroline were the first to arrive. Andy had texted when they were leaving so that I could make sure I soaked in the bathtub before he got there. I was wearing a housecoat just out of the bath because I wanted to make sure it wasn't a neighbor at the door or something. I took the housecoat off and he stared at my tits.
"My eyes are up here." I laughed. "Just kidding look all you want."
We setup a kitchen stool in the basement and put brown kraft paper on the floor under the stool so we could throw it away hairs and all. The shower would have been a better place, but the audience wouldn't easily fit in there. Andy wanted more light so I got an old pole lamp out and set it up. Andy got out the things he brought in a paper bag and placed them on a small end table. I also put a paper towel on top of the stool. It was almost showtime and I got the jitters. I had planned on having a couple of drinks first, but that would take away some of the thrill. Besides, alcohol had a lot of calories and I wanted to look good for these parties. The other guests soon arrived.
As soon as the guests started arriving Caroline stripped off dress she was wearing. She had nothing on underneath. I had to admit that she was a good looking woman if you liked that skinny short type. She was about 5' 5" tall and looked to be almost a C cup. She obviously kept herself in shape. She started serving drinks to the guys and they definitely liked what they saw. She was just beaming. Eric had just finished pinching her ass! She was a bold one that girl!
Everyone had arrived and after getting myself a drink I sat myself on the stool and waited until everyone was watching. Andy was holding what looked like a three bladed men's razor. I would never have had the nerve to shave down there so close to my lady parts! I got Caroline to assure me again that he had never nicked her with that and she said.
"Oh no. Andy knows what he is doing. He used to shave all his girlfriends. He still does."
That got my attention! I left it at that.
"Lights, camera, action." Don said as he started the video camera he had rented for the occasion. I felt like a porn star.
I spread my legs and Andy began.
"With this much hair I am going to have to trim it first before I can shave you." Andy said.
He got out a comb and scissors and started to cut my bush. At this point I decided not to look and struck up a conversation with the guys. He explained that he was using the comb like a hairdresser did. I could feel the comb and his knuckles resting on my pubic bone.
"Watch the hands." I said. He continued to trim my hair for quite a while before he said;
"I am ready to shave you now."
He had a tube of ladies shaving gel in his hand and asked me if he should put it on.
"No!" I said emphatically. "I will put it on myself."
I started putting it on when he said;
"The ladies shaving gel is less harsh than the men's. If you do this yourself, and why would you when I am around, make sure you get the unscented type. You will have to apply it around your labia as well but make sure you don't get any inside. The skin has to be stretched as you shave so you avoid knicks. Can I at least touch you to stretch the skin while shaving as long as I don't touch your vulva?"
"I guess so." I answered. It felt so strange having a man who wasn't my husband touching me down there.
"The technique is to use short up and down strokes. You go against the direction of the hair curl if you want the closest shave. All it takes is practice to get the right technique and pressure to get as close a shave as possible without irritation."
You have a very large labia and this is going to be difficult without someone moving those lips out of the way while I am shaving you."
The guys all nodded their heads and agreed that they had never seen a labia minora that large. I was starting to turn red from all the eyes staring at my vulva. I decided that since I didn't want to watch what that razor was doing down there, I would let Don move my labia around for Andy to shave around. I politely declined the many other offers I got to help. Don followed Andy's instructions.
"Don, that better be your fingers I am feeling."
"Why of course dear, would I let Andy do that?" He laughed. All the guys and Caroline laughed too.
I thought to myself "I don't know, I just don't know!" Just nerves I guess. It just seemed too efficient how my labia was moved around without any audible instructions. I hoped that gel was hiding things a bit, I know I was getting quite wet. The shaving better quit soon or I was going to have an embarrassing orgasm.
"Ok now you have to turn over so that I can do the other side." Andy said.
"The other side?" I inquired.
"Sure, a lot of hair on the backside of that kitty." Caroline said.
I got off the stool and lay on my stomach on the paper.
"I am going to let Don finish this part." Andy said.
"Are you sure Don can do it?"
"Oh sure. It will be as if I was doing it myself." Andy said and everybody laughed for some reason. Someone with confident hands was sure moving things around back there while shaving. I could even feel shaving near my asshole.
"Ok. I, I mean Don is done shaving you. Don will now apply an aloe vera moisturizing cream." I could feel efficient fingers applying cream to everything including the outside of my labia." Don learns fast. I rolled over and the massage continued.
With that the shaving was over. I stood up and spread my legs to show the guys better.
"Wow that is one clean pussy!" Wayne said.
"Anytime you want a trim just call me up and I will be glad to do it Charlotte. Any of your wives want a shave the same offer goes." Andy said.
"Like that's gonna happen!" Braden said.
"Women actually call you up and let you shave them?" Henry asked.
"All the time. If I have the time I will even do their legs and give massages. I have my MBLEx so I am certified to do massages." Andy replied.
"And every one a happy ending!" Braden laughed.
"Sometimes." Andy laughed.
"So many women so little time." Wayne joked.
"Do these women think you are gay or something?" Braden asked.
"Far from it. I get many, how shall I say, grateful women." Andy replied.
"For sure. Sometimes I come along. He beds many a woman because of how talented he is with his hands. I am Bi so sometimes I join in. Ever try another woman Charlotte?" Caroline added.
"No! For god's sake I am married." I turned red.
"Then we have something else in common." Caroline said.
With that some of the guys went back to the poker table. Caroline and I continued as nude hostesses.
"Wow! you could hardly make out any details before, but now her snatch looks great. I would sure love to get my cock in there!" I overheard someone say. Many of the guys agreed with that. I don't know why, but I smiled at that.
When the party broke up and everybody left I confronted Don.
"You moved my labia around didn't you?" I asked.
"Of course dear." he said. "Too bad I had to stop the video to help Andy or you could see for yourself."
I could usually tell by the look on his face if he was lying and It didn't look like he was lying. With that we went to bed and had another great multiple position fuckfest.
I hate to admit it but my vanity kicked in and I wanted to look good for the guys so I dropped by Andy and Caroline's place the night before the next poker game and had Andy shave me again. Don had to work an extra shift but I told him where I was going. He told me to go ahead.
"You don't mind Andy shaving my cunt? There will be no witnesses, maybe afterwards he will bend me over the table and have his way with me?" I said.
"Would you like that?" Don answered with a smirk on his face.
I didn't answer him. I assume he was teasing me. After that he walked out the door for his shift.
This time I had more nerve to look so I moved my own labia around. Caroline wasn't home but Andy was a perfect gentleman. This time he had me take a hot shower to soften up my pubic hair. Then he shaved me in the shower. He sat nude on the shower floor(so he didn't get his clothes wet) and had me stand up directly over him. That only worked because I am six feet tall and he is fairly short. I offered to pay Andy but he won't take money. I told him I am not offering anything else and he said "The pleasure is all mine." How hard his cock was seemed to agree with that.
I am sure I could shave myself but the thrill of having a handsome guy's fingers and eyes so close to my vagina once a week is keeping me coming back. I keep thinking this showing off for other guys is a bit immoral. Certainly not how I was brought up. And yet every time I did it there were no consequences to it. Don was really turned on by it and our sex life was through the roof. I could certainly tell the guys were getting a kick out of it. As long as their wives didn't find out I couldn't see the harm. It's not like anybody was having sex or anything! I wondered how long this nude hostess thing would last. Eventually they would get used to seeing me strutting around nude and then my thrill would be gone. As it was, I was trying to think of what else I could do to spice things up. I could only push my limits so far.