Missy my sister-in-law comes to visit about once a year. Her work made it so she had to move away from the family. She misses them greatly so she visits at least once a year, typically for a couple of weeks at a time when she comes. She always stays with us because we have a spare bedroom.
I have always enjoyed it when Missy comes to visit, she is a real looker. She is about 5 feet 6 inches tall, part Asian so she has nice olive skin. She is in great shape as she regularly works out, even on vacation. Her chest is small, I would guess an A cup at best. She has dark hair and a nice small ass.
Missy is always enthusiastic about coming to stay and seems to like staying with us, we have always gotten along well. I always get the nicest bear hugs from her when she sees me. I like getting these hugs from her, I love the way her chest presses against mine as she hugs me. She has a tiny frame so my arms easily reach all the way around her. Quite often while hugging her I can feel the underwire from her bra on my fingertips.
Missy usually tries to schedule her vacations to visit the family in October; she likes the cool air of the fall time and seeing the leaves change color. She also loves Halloween, as much as we do. Halloween is always a major production with elaborate decorations and extravagant parties. We all always go all out on the costumes, they are typically very elaborate.
We also always plan two different costumes. One that is "family friendly" and one that is more adult for the "adult" parties we go to. But that is a different story.
Like I said, Missy likes to exercise, she particularly likes to run. Due to the cool mornings in our area she does not want to run outside, so instead she runs on the treadmill in our house. The treadmill is in the same room as our TV as we like to watch TV while we run or walk. Missy always works out at the same time every day so it makes it very easy for me to be in "watching TV" when she is working out.
I usually spend more time watching Missy than the TV when she is exercising. I love watching the way her tits bounce as she runs. It also doesn't hurt that she wears a sports bra and some skin tight running shorts. Neither of which leave much to the imagination as to what her body looks like underneath.
Missy arrived as expected but she was not her usual bubbly self. I still did get my hug that is always greatly anticipated, but she seemed out of character. I asked her if everything was okay and she said it was, except that the airline lost one of her bags. She was mostly upset because this was her "workout bag". She was wearing her workout tennis shoes but her shorts, sports bras and her swimming attire were in the lost luggage.
I was pretty bummed as well. I didn't think I would get the chance to watch her exercise. I so enjoyed watching her exercise. When she ran the sweat would run down between her breasts and down her flat stomach. This was incredibly sexy to me.
Later that day Missy got a call which greatly lifted her spirits. I asked her if the call was good news and she stated "It was the airline, they found my luggage, but the bad news is that it won't get here for a few days."
"That's too bad", I said. I suggested that maybe my wife had some shorts and maybe a sports bra she could borrow to do her exercising. After all, I didn't want to miss watching her exercise. She thanked me and went to find my wife.
That night I asked my wife if she was able to help her sister out with exercise clothes. She said she was able to help with shorts but not a sports bra. My wife is bigger than her sister so I wasn't surprised when she said this. I was disappointed for a moment until my wife told me that she was still planning on exercising but that she'd just figure something else out for a top.
My wife smirked at me and said "Don't worry babe, you will still get to watch her work out!"
I blushed and said "Thanks babe!" with a sly smile. I was pretty sure my wife knew that was the only reason why was in the same room with Missy when she worked out but I was not positive. Her statement confirmed that she knew.
The next day, just before Missys normal exercise time I went in to "watch TV", she was right on time as expected. Missy was in the shorts my wife gave her to wear, they were not skin tight like her normal exercise shorts, but they did still look really good on her. For her top, she wore a white skin tight shirt that showed a little bit of her flat, toned, stomach. It looked like she had a dark colored bra on underneath but I couldn't tell exactly what color.
I handed her the remote when she walked in so that she could choose the show she wanted to watch. She was grateful as she did not like watching sports, which is what I had on. She changed it to some cooking show. I enjoy cooking and learning new things so I was enjoying the show with her, what little of it I was watching. I was fixated on her breasts; they were bouncing more than normal today as she just had a "normal" bra on.
I found myself staring more than normal as she exercised. I was being lazy today and hadn't put on my Levis. I was glad I didn't because the hard on I was getting by watching her would have been very uncomfortable in Levis. Every minute that passed as she was exercising caused her shirt to become more and more see-thru as it became wet with her sweat.
I was so focused on her soaking blouse, which was now see-thru due to her sweat and her bouncing tits in her dark blue bra, that I didn't notice the erection in my pants and the tent it was causing. Missy finished her exercising so I quickly pretended I was watching the show. She turned to leave and noticed the tent in my pants. She said to me, "It looks like you are enjoying the show". I looked up at her and noticed she was looking at my crotch. I managed to stammer "yeah" in response as she walked away.
She just giggled. I couldn't help but watch her swaying ass as she walked down the hall to her room. She glanced over her shoulder as she left and noticed I was still staring at her. She just smiled to herself. Her bedroom was just down the hall from the TV room, the bathroom was just across the hall from her bedroom. She went to her room to get her things for the shower.
Missy was making a lot of noise when leaving her room. I looked down the hall to see what the ruckus was. I couldn't believe my eyes! Missy was standing there in just her bra and panties. I was correct when guessing her bra color. It was dark blue, with matching panties. Seeing her standing there in her underwear made my cock jump in my pants. I enjoyed watching her mostly naked body as she walked into the bathroom to get a shower. She winked at me just as she disappeared through the door.
I couldn't help but wonder if she was flirting with me and if she was turned on by seeing my hard cock in my pants. I figured it wasn't either, I figured she was just comfortable around the house and with her body. I wouldn't be that lucky to have my hot sister-in-law turned on by me or even flirting with me. I was just sitting there, enjoying the show that was on when I realized Missy had been in the shower for a long time. I figured she was just shaving or something but I was concerned all the same so I went to check on her. When I got to the bathroom door I could hear noise coming from the bathroom so I assumed she was fine. I knocked anyway.
Missy answered in a husky voice "Yes?"
I replied "Everything okay in there?"
She said "Yes everything is fantastic, thanks for checking".
I stayed for a moment longer and heard what I thought was a moan.
I left to go back to the TV.
Several minutes later the door opened from the bathroom and my Sister-in-law came out, she was wearing nothing but a towel that barely covered her breasts. She looked great with her wet hair and no makeup. She slipped into her bedroom and then came out a short time later. Missy came out in sweat bottoms and a loose fitting top. She came over to me and bent over in front of me. I could see down her blouse and she was not wearing a bra! I got a great look at her perky breasts!
I looked quizzically at her, it was unusual for her to come back in after her workout, let alone bend over in front of me.
I asked her "What's up?"
She teasingly said "Besides you?" She then looked down at my crotch and then continued, "Nothing really, I just want a hug."
I figured why not I loved getting hugs from her, plus I knew she wasn't wearing a bra, I hoped I would be able to feel more than "just the underwire", so I enthusiastically jumped up.
As we embraced, she grabbed me tighter than normal. I could feel her breasts against my chest. My arms easily reached around her and of course they went to where I normally feel the underwire from her bra. All I felt was the soft skin of the side of her breasts.
Her breasts felt so soft, I wished desperately that there was not a blouse between my hands and her breasts, I would love to have felt them skin to skin. As I was enjoying our embrace, and noticing the painful erection growing in my pants, she whispered in my ear, "Thank you for getting so turned on watching me, I enjoyed getting off in the shower thinking of the tent you had in your pants after watching me work out".
With all the sensations of her being pressed against my body, me feeling the side of her breasts and the words she spoke to me I was rock hard. I was trying, unsuccessfully, to keep her from noticing I was hard again. She broke the hug and looked down to see my tent. She smiled slyly and reached out and gave my cock a squeeze.
She muttered "Nice!" and was gone.
I couldn't believe what had just happened. My beautiful sister-in-law had just grabbed my cock and had told me that she got off in the shower thinking about it!
My cock ached for a release. That night as I was getting ready for bed, my wife was there getting ready as well. I couldn't wait any longer! I grabbed my wife, started kissing her passionately, and rubbing her tits and body with my hands. I desperately needed to release the pressure that had been building in my cock all day! After several moments of kissing and fondling I threw my wife on the bed. I climbed on the bed between her legs and slowly pulled her panties down.
I tossed her panties on the floor and then gently started nibbling and kissing the inside of her thighs. I was slowly making my way to her pussy. I spent quite some time licking her pussy, her outside lips, the entrance to her pussy, which tasted fantastic, and then up to her clit. She has told me how much she loves me going down on her. I licked and teased her pussy until she exploded in an orgasm which caused her whole body to tremble in delight.
After her orgasm subsided, I flipped her over so her ass was in the air. This was one of my favorite positions, there is a lot of friction on my cock and I usually cum very quickly this way. I usually don't take her this way because it is so hard for me control my orgasm, I like to make our love making sessions last.
I rammed my hard cock all the way in, with one thrust, into her wanting, wet pussy. It was tighter than normal because she had just cum. She was so wet with her juices and my saliva mixed together. I pumped my hard cock in and out of her as hard and as quick as I could. It wasn't long before I was filling her pussy up with my load of cum.
When I finished she said, "Wow! That was more intense on your part than normal, what came over you tonight?"
I wasn't about to tell her all that transpired that day, she would flip out if she knew I had felt the side of her sisters boobs and that Missy had told me she got off while thinking of my hard cock. She did know that I have always had a major crush on her sister though, so I told her I got really excited watching her exercise today and have been turned on ever since.
She said "You need to get turned on like that more often" with a wink and a smile.
We drifted off to sleep.
When I woke up the next morning my wife was already out of bed. My mind started wandering, thinking about my sister-in-law getting off in the shower, the feel of her breasts, seeing her naked breasts down her blouse, wondering what she would look like fully naked, and on and on. All of these thoughts made me very hard. I was alone in my room, so I took the opportunity to play with myself.
I slowly started to rub my hard cock. I started at the tip of my cock with my finger tips and slowly stroked down the length of my hard, pulsating cock. It felt so incredibly good under my silk boxers. After a few minutes of teasing myself I stripped off my boxers so I was completely naked. I grabbed my cock in my hand and started stroking it. While I was stroking my cock, I started playing with my nipples, they are very sensitive and feel great to play with while getting off. I was thinking about my sister-in-law and how good she would look naked when I blew my load all over my stomach and chest.
I decided I would get cleaned up and get a shower but I knew Missy was about so I didn't dare go to the bathroom naked. I wouldn't have cared if either Missy or my wife saw me but I am sure my wife would have blown a gasket with me wandering around the house nude with her sister there. I wiped up my cum with a towel, threw on my boxers, and went into the bathroom to get a shower.
After my shower, I wrapped my towel around my waist, I intentionally wrapped it lower than normal, just above the pubic bone, barely covering my cock, in the hopes that I would run into Missy and she would enjoy the view. I also knew my wife would enjoy the view when I saw her. I figured I might as well tease both of them.
I went and found my wife who was in the kitchen making coffee for her and her sister. They were chatting when I walked in and I could tell that they had quickly changed the subject. I wondered what they were up to. I kissed my wife and said "Good Morning". She asked if I wanted a coffee, I told her no I was fine, but thank you. While I was talking to my wife I couldn't help but notice Missy was checking me out.
After the ladies had finished their coffee, it was time for Missy to exercise. Of course I was in my place "watching TV" like normal when she came in. My wife had just gotten into the shower. When I saw Missy my jaw just about hit the floor.
She asked, "Like what you see?"
I exclaimed "Hell yea I do!"
She was wearing the same white blouse as the day before and the same shorts. However, today I could clearly tell she was not wearing a bra. I could clearly make out the dark circles of her nipples which were straining against the thin fabric.
I could feel my cock stirring in my pants again. I could not wait for the show that was about to commence.
I handed her the remote again. She changed the TV to the cooking channel again, no surprise. I honestly didn't care, I wouldn't be watching it, I would be watching my sexy Sister-in-Law. Missy knew I wouldn't be paying attention to the TV either.
She started running and her breasts bounced better today than I had ever seen before. As her breasts bounced her nipples rubbed against the fabric of her shirt making them even harder than before. Her workout today was not as long as the day before, she stopped as soon as the shower turned off. I am guessing she didn't want her sister to see that she was exercising in front of her husband without a bra on. She did end up exercising hard enough to get her shirt soaking wet, making it that much easier to see her breasts through the thin fabric.
She had a towel next to her that she pulled up to her face to wipe away the sweat that conveniently covered up her see-thru shirt when my wife walked out of the bathroom. I had a massive hard on in my pants, but it was easily hid as I had been playing with it while watching her work out so it was laid against my body and not standing up creating a tent. Missy had noticed me playing while she was working out. Missy just winked at me as she headed to her room to get ready for her shower.
My wife went into our room to get dressed and I heard Missy open the door to her room right after my wife closed her door. I of course was looking her way as I wanted to see if she had any other surprises for me today. She most definitely did, she was completely naked and did not bother to cover up as she slowly walked from her room to the bathroom.
She had an absolutely amazing body, she was in great shape. Missy had nice perky tits, that still had rock hard nipples. From what I could see, her pussy was cleanly shaved. She had a nice round ass. She was everything I had imagined and more. She of course checked to make sure I was looking before whispering, "I would love to see you naked" as she disappeared into the bathroom.
The shower didn't start for the longest time. I wondered what Missy could possibly be doing in there? She was probably just using the restroom or some other "girly" thing. My wife came out of the bedroom, she looked great in her silk pajamas and she clearly had no bra on. These women were driving me wild! She came over and kissed me passionately, our tongues darting into each other's mouth, dancing together in a frenzied dance.
When we broke the kiss my wife said, "I will be upstairs on the computer, enjoy your-self!"
She was then gone, leaving me puzzled by her statement.
Not too long after my wife left, I heard the door to the bathroom open, it opened just a crack but Missy didn't come out. I thought that was rather odd. Right after the door was opened I heard the shower turn on.
Did Missy want me to see her in the shower? Did she want me to see her naked, again? I wasn't sure what she wanted, if anything. I decided to chance it. I very quietly went down the hall and peaked into the bathroom. She was rubbing her tits with one hand while the other was playing with her pussy. She was watching the door to see if I would look, she smiled when she saw me standing there.
I was mesmerized watching her touch herself. I knew my wife masturbated, I had found her vibrators, but I had never actually seen her pleasure herself. It was a major turn on for me to be standing there watching a woman play with herself. I kept both an ear and an eye out for my wife as I stood there and watched Missy slide her fingers in and out of her pussy. She was switching between putting two fingers in her pussy and rubbing her clit. I couldn't take my eyes off her.
I was actually watching my sister-in-law pleasure herself!
I reached down and took my hard cock out of my pants and started playing with myself while I watched. I knew it was wrong to be watching her like this, and playing with myself while I watched. I also didn't want to hurt my wife, I love her deeply, but I couldn't help but watch my beautiful Sister-In-Law and enjoy the amazing show she was putting on for me.
I could tell she was turned on by having me watch her. It also helped heighten her excitement that I was playing with myself. She came fast and hard, she smiled at me and with a mischievous grin mouthed "thank you" to me.
I slowly and quietly pulled the door closed and went back to watching TV. When Missy came out of the shower she had her towel around her waist with her tits fully exposed to me. I was enjoying the site of her mostly naked body more than I ever imagined I would.
My cock was rock hard and pushing against my pants, I couldn't help myself, I had to cum. I pulled out my cock while admiring my half naked sister-in-law standing close by. She whispered "please make yourself cum for me". I was nervous that my wife would walk in on me and see her sister standing there watching me, but at this point I really didn't care. I just had to cum! I was massively turned on and I had to return the favor, I had to let Missy watch me get myself off just as I had just watched her get off.
It didn't take long of me frantically jerking on my hard cock for me to spray my load, once again, all over my chest and stomach. With the combination of my Sister-In-Law watching me, the build-up, and the fear of getting caught, it was one of the most powerful orgasms I had ever had. Missy quietly whispered "Thank you for the show!" She then disappeared into her room. I hurried into the bathroom to clean up.
When I came out Missy was waiting for me, dressed in a light weight blouse that was almost sheer. It was also very loose fitting; I secretly hoped to get another view of her tits when she bent over. She also wore some shorts. She ran up to me and threw her arms around me and pressed her body close to mine. As we again embraced in a hug, she whispered in my ear "You have an amazing cock! I very much enjoyed the show. I hope I get to see your cock again soon. I came super hard on my fingers in the shower with you watching me, it was a major turn on."
Of course I took the chance to feel the side of her breasts again as I hugged her, she was still not wearing a bra, she didn't seem to mind at all that I was feeling her tits, in fact she seemed to enjoy it, she smiled a sultry smile as I rubbed the sides of her breasts.
As she pulled away, I locked my fingers behind her back to keep her close. I loved feeling her close to me. I looked her in the eyes and told her, "Thank you for the show, you are the first woman I have watched get herself off. It was a major turn-on!"
I unlocked my fingers and left my hands where they were. As she spun to leave my hands cupped her breasts, they felt amazing! I gently squeezed them as they brushed by.
After she was out of reach she turned back to me and winked at me as sultry and with as much teasing as she could. My cock was hard again and desperately needed to spray its load again. I couldn't wait to get off again thinking about Missy playing for me in the shower as I watched.
I didn't realize me watching her exercise and the resulting tent in my pants a few days ago would have such an effect on her sexually. I wasn't complaining at all, in fact I was enjoying our game we were playing. I didn't want this "game" to hurt my wife or ruin my relationship with Missy, other than that I was having fun.
The rest of the day was pretty uneventful. I think both of us were afraid we would get caught in our game. I was able to catch a few glimpses of Missy and her fabulous tits as she bent over in front of me.
She knew I was looking as she "caught" me looking every time. I was sure she was bending over in front of me on purpose.
The next day my wife had to be to work all day, she had some "emergency meetings" that were called that she could not miss. I told her I would make sure Missy was entertained.
I figured with my wife gone, and since it was only Missy and myself, I wouldn't bother putting any pants or shirt on. Missy had basically seen me naked already and I had seen her naked so why bother? I just planned on staying in my boxers until later in the day, after I got my shower.
I was sitting watching TV in my boxers when Missy woke up and came out.
She said "Is my sister gone?"
I replied "She is gone for the day, she should be home about 6 PM."
Missy exclaimed "Oh goody!"
She promptly pulled her nightgown off. The only thing she was wearing under it was her panties. She came over and sat down on the couch next to me and pressed her breast into my arm.
My cock was instantly hard, seeing her in nothing but her panties and feeling her breast on my arm. She noticed the tent rising in my boxers and smiled.
This was our first real chance to talk as this was the first time we were really alone together.
I started out by saying, "You are a beautiful woman, I have enjoyed looking at you and fantasizing about you since the day we first met. I have always wondered what you look like naked and have gotten myself off countless times thinking about you. It is fantastic to finally see you naked!"
I then asked "Am I the first guy you watched masturbate?
She said, "Yep!"
I asked her, "Did you enjoy the show?"
She replied saying, "I did very much! I couldn't stop thinking about watching you cum. I enjoyed it so much I had to get myself off that night thinking of you spraying your hot cum all over yourself."
She said, "I really want to watch you get yourself off again, up close this time", with a wink.
I told her, "I would like to see the same from you. I am more than happy to play with my cock and get myself off while I watch you get yourself off."
She replied, "Gladly, I will be right back!"
Missy jumped up and ran into her room. She came back with a life like vibrator, it looked just like a real cock.
She told me "This is what I used the other night to get myself off with. I imagined it was YOUR hard cock inside of me pounding my pussy. I came really hard on it, imagining you filling my pussy up with your cum!"
Missy pulled her panties off and sat down next to me. She sat her vibrator on the couch next to her.
I slid my boxers off. We were both sitting there on the couch completely naked. My cock was hard, and standing up in its full glory. Missys nipples were hard with excitement. She tentatively reached over and grabbed my cock and started stroking it slowly. I could tell she was enjoying the feel of my hard cock in her hands. She had a big sheepish grin on her face, like a kid in a candy store.
I reached over to feel her breasts; there were no clothes to get in the way this time. She eagerly stuck her chest out towards me, begging me rub her tits. They were nice and firm and felt so good in my hands. I let my hands wander over her body feeling her firm stomach, reaching around and grabbing her ass, eventually making it to her pussy.
As I approached her pussy she spread her legs. I love the feel of her completely smooth pussy, there was no hair to be found. I teased the outside of her pussy with my fingers, slowly spreading her lips, when I finally felt the opening to her pussy I could not believe how wet she was! I continued to slowly tease the outside of her pussy, running my fingers around her opening and up to her clit. I would play with her clit for a few minutes and then back down to her opening. Without warning I shoved my finger into her pussy. She cried out in delight.
I could tell that she was incredibly turned on as she was very wet, almost dripping. She was also stroking my cock fast and hard.
I stopped teasing her pussy and took her hand away from my cock as she was going to make me cum if she kept stroking it the way she was.
I instructed her to get her toy, I wanted to watch her fuck her pussy with her vibrator.
She grabbed her vibrator and turned it on. She started rubbing it on her tits at first and then moved it to her pussy. At first she just rubbed it on her clit, enjoying the vibrations. Before long she had turned it up to a higher speed and was fucking her pussy with it. She was quickly pounding it in and out of herself as fast as she could. I was enjoying the sound of her wetness on the vibrator.
I was really enjoying the show, watching Missy pleasure herself. I was slowly stroking my cock, taking great care not to cum. I wanted to fully enjoy watching her get herself off. There was a little pre-cum on the tip of my cock, when Missy noticed this she moaned loudly.
As Missy fucked her pussy with her vibrator I could tell she was getting close to her orgasm.
I whispered to her, "Please tell me when you are going to cum". I had no idea if I would be able to tell if she was cumming or not, with my wife it was easy to tell as her whole body shakes when she cums. I did not know if her sister was the same way or not.
I continued to stroke my cock slowly and methodically. Missy was watching me intently as I did. I bent down and started sucking on her nipple, it was wonderful to have her nipple in my mouth, I switched off between sucking on her nipple and teasing it by gently flicking my tongue on it. The sensations of her vibrator and me teasing her breasts were too much; it quickly pushed her over the edge.
She screamed out "I'm cumming!!!"
I release her nipple from my mouth and watched her face as she came. I love the look on her face as she cums, her facial expressions showed me she was experiencing pure pleasure! Her whole body began to spasm as she came, just like my wife, it appeared that she has very intense orgasms.
After a couple of minutes, she finally came down off of her orgasm.
She exclaimed to me, in a husky voice, "Now it is your turn!"
I quickly increased the intensity that I was stroking my cock. My hand was wrapped around my cock frantically jerking it up and down as fast as I could, I knew I wouldn't last long. I very quickly blew my load all over myself again. This was another huge load! It again, sprayed up on to my chest and sprayed all over my stomach.
Missy then grabbed some of my cum off my stomach and started rubbing it into her tits! I was amazed and massively turned on. She then took some more off me and started rubbing her pussy with it! I never lost my erection I was so turned on watching her do this!
Missy said "Your warm cum feels so good on my body! This vibrator and my fingers work really good but I need your cock inside of me! I need to feel it pulsating and filling up my pussy with your cum!"
She then flung her leg over me so she was straddling my cock. She took my cock in her hand and put it at the entrance to her pussy. I was in heaven, I was about to fuck my sister-in-law. She quickly let herself drop down on my hard cock.
She moaned loud as I entered her. "You feel so fucking good inside of me!" She exclaimed, "I am going to cum hard on your stiff cock!"
I couldn't believe it, not only did I get to see my Sister-In-Law naked, I got to watch her get herself off and now, best of all, I was fucking her! She felt so good with her tight pussy wrapped around my hard cock. She leaned down and started kissing me passionately while grinding her hips on my cock. Once we broke our kiss she started bouncing up and down on my cock. She grabbed my head and pulled it to her chest for me to suck on her nipple. I eagerly took it into my mouth and started sucking and teasing it with my tongue.
She came quickly on my cock, squeezing my cock with her tight pussy, it felt amazing! It was everything I could do to not cum myself. I didn't want this to end and I wanted to make her cum again on my cock.
Missy was worn out after cumming twice already; she could barely hold herself up. I flipped her over so she was lying on the couch and spread her legs apart. I knelt on the floor in front of her and rammed my cock deep into her pussy.
I started pumping in and out of her as slowly as I could. I was desperately trying to control my orgasm and wanting her to cum again on my cock.
After several minutes of pumping her pussy I could tell she was getting worked up again, I must have been hitting the right spots. She was getting wetter by the minute and was starting to grind her hips again. I reached up and started playing with her wonderful tits.
I kept pumping her pussy with my cock. She reached down between her legs and started playing with her clit. She was moaning loudly now, showing her pleasure. She said "If you keep that up I am going to cum again."
I smiled slyly and said to her "Good, that is my goal"
She kept rubbing her clit with her fingers; I kept pumping her pussy with my cock and rubbing her tits. She cried out "I'm cumming again!" and exploded into another orgasm. Her pussy was again grabbing my cock and milking it trying to make it cum, it felt amazing!
Missy said "That was amazing! Now I want you to cum in my pussy, I need to feel your cum inside of me!"
I replied "My pleasure!"
I started fucking her pussy as fast and as hard as I could, taking care not to hurt her. I was enjoying all the feelings of her tight pussy gripping my cock as I fucked her. The sensations kept building and building until I couldn't take it anymore. I am sure I didn't need to tell her but I told her anyway that I was about to cum.
"I am going to fill your hot, tight pussy up with my cum!"
She exclaimed "Yes! I need your cum inside of me!"
I couldn't wait any longer, my cock exploded! I released several streams of my seed into her wanting pussy.
She pulled me in tight against her pussy as I was cumming so I would be as deep inside of her as possible. The sensations were incredibly intense, I was pretty sure this orgasm was better than the last. I was enjoying every second of my orgasm, I loved the thought of filling up my Sister-In-Law with my cum.
It appeared, by her facial expressions and her body movements, that she was enjoying the sensation as well.
I finally, after all these years of fantasizing about fucking my Sister-in-law, got the chance to actually do it! It was everything I had imaged and more.
I was completely spent after cumming twice but apparently Missy had another one left. After I pulled my cock out of her pussy she quickly grabbed her vibrator and turned it on full blast and put it on her clit.
She said "Babe, you turned me on so much by cumming in my pussy I just have to cum again!"
She rode her vibrator to another intense orgasm. As she came she cried out "I'm cumming on your hot cum!"
I enjoyed watching her cum again. The thought of her having and orgasm on my cum inside of her was a major turn on for me again, I wish I could have cum again, unfortunately my cock was spent and wouldn't get hard again.
We took every chance we could get for the remainder of her trip to flash each other, tease each other, rub each other and feel each other up. We never got the chance to fuck again even though both of us desperately wanted to.
With her last hug goodbye I took the chance to feel up her tits one last time.
She whispered in my ear "I can't wait until my next visit; hopefully we will get another chance to fuck each other!"
With that she was gone.
After Missy was gone my wife asked "How the visit with my sister? Did you enjoy her company?"
I teasingly told her "Of course I did, I always enjoy the eye candy"
Her next question scared me to death; she casually asked "How was it fucking her?"
My mind started racing a million miles an hour!
She knew I had a major crush on her sister but how did she know I had fucked her? How could she possibly know, we were so careful? I stammered for a few moments, she could clearly see my discomfort as much as I tried to hide it.
She just smiled and said "Don't worry babe, I know all about it, I really didn't have meetings to go to that day I went into the office. I arranged the whole thing with her."
She continued "That morning you came in when we were having coffee, I told her how attractive you find her and that it was really her you were watching when she worked out, not the TV. Missy admitted to me that she noticed you watching her and that the other morning you had a hard on after watching her work out. She admitted to me that she finds you attractive as well. One topic led to another and I agreed to let you fuck her. We worked out the details and arranged for you two to have some alone time together."
I was dumbfounded; my wife actually told her sister about my crush and arranged for me to fuck her. I kissed her passionately and said "You are the best wife ever, I greatly enjoyed fucking your sister but she doesn't compare to you!"
She smiled back and said "Thank You! Missy said she enjoyed it a lot too. Maybe next time she comes to visit I can watch the two of you fuck each other."
I couldn't believe what I was hearing! I said to her, "You are the best wife a guy could ever hope for, I love you so much!"
Our sex life was much more intense after that, we had lots of fun teasing each other and making out all over the house, it was like we were newly-weds again!
I was looking very forward to Missys next visit, I really hoped that my wife would be turned on and play with herself while she watched us fuck. I guess I will find out soon enough!