Though it was the middle of summer, it was a really beautiful day. It was not to hot with gentle breeze blowing. You only have to work a half-day and I have plans to meet you at the park when you get done.
I get there a little early and find our spot, a nice clearing in a circle of trees. While it is still a public park, the size of it offers plenty of secluded spots where one can relax and enjoy. I set down the basket I brought that has some wine, fruit and other goodies in it and spread out a blanket. I decide to stretch out and relax as I wait for you.
You hurry along at work trying to get everything done so that you won't get any interrupting phone calls once you leave. Finally signing off your computer, you reapply your lipstick as you check yourself out in the mirror. You are wearing an almost sheer white blouse that buttons down the front with cute lace bra underneath. Your skirt comes to just above your knees and you have on a pair of two-inch sling back shoes. Getting a naughty thought, you reach down and pull your panties down and off, quickly stashing them in your purse as you head out the door.
As you get to the park, you see my car and park next to it and make your way to our spot. Coming into the clearing you spot me lying on the blanket. Walking up closer to me, you notice that I haven't moved. Must have fell into a light sleep while I was waiting, you think as your eyes go over my body. Staring at my arms, my chest and then down to the bulge in my cargo shorts.
You get a wicked grin as you look around. Not seeing anyone you pull your skirt up to the top of your thighs as you quietly step over me. With one foot on each side of my head you slowly lower yourself to knees.
I start to wake; a little startled, just as you sit your pussy on my face. Not having a clue what was going on, I start to raise my hands as you grab my wrist and pin them to the ground. Slowly you start grinding yourself into my face. I stop trying to move my arms and start to lick your sweetness.
Stretching out my tongue, I lick up and down your slit as I suck on your lips. Finding your clit with my tongue, I trace little circles around it, flicking it, then sucking it. As much as any guy enjoys sex, I truly enjoy eating pussy. You taste so good, and are getting so wet.
You let go of my wrist and place your hands on my stomach. As you enjoy my tongue working you over, you slide your hands down to the top of my shorts and unbuckle them.
I raise up my hands to your chest and start to rub your tits. Tracing my finger tips around the lace pattern that's pressing through your blouse, and playing with your hard, little nipples.
You slide your hand into my shorts and under my boxers. Firmly taking a hold of my cock, you feel it throbbing in your hand as you start to stroke it.
Feeling your hand on my cock was starting to distract me, as I wanted to feel you mouth on it but knew you couldn't reach sitting up this far. So I shift you a little so that now your face was right over it. It only took a second as you rewarded me with your mouth on the knob of my dick. A slow suck, and a kiss then a bite as you wiggle your ass.
Guess I was a little distracted as you noticed that I had stop eating you. Running my hands up the outside of your thighs to your ass, I lift my head so that I can lick you again.
You start to take more of me into your mouth, stroking my cock as you do. Wrapping your tongue around it, you go down even further.
With my left hand I start to rub your clit as I lick your pussy from top to bottom and back again. As you go deeper on me, I bury my face and stick my tongue in nice and deep. While most tongues wouldn't do much, you are lucky that I was grace with a thick seven-inch tongue. Twirling it a little you start to squirm on my face.
Easing out of you, I slowly slide two fingers into you while I increase the tempo that I am rubbing your clit.
Still stroking me, you stop sucking as you starting humping your hips onto my fingers. I can feel you getting so wet as I start pumping my fingers into you faster and faster. I can tell you are about to cum, so with one last squeeze on your clit, I pull my fingers out and stop.
You let a little whimper as you say that you were so close. You have the cutest little pout on your face as you look back at me.
Slide down, I tell you as you start to. Don't turn around, I want to feel you at this angle. As you move above my dick, I slide my shorts down to ankles and you reach down and grab my cock. Aiming it as you slide down on to it, so slowly, I can feel you shiver as your pussy stretches to encompass it.
Finally hitting bottom, you start a slow grind on my cock and then you lean forward as you start sliding up and down. God I love the way your pussy muscles grip my cock, it's like they need me, want me, want to feel my hot cum splashing all over them.
I start kneading your ass cheeks with my hands while you ride me. I'm not sure what this position is called, but the way it feels is incredible.
I feel you speed up as you reach down and grab balls. Squeezing them as you milk me. You start to moan as you slam yourself upon me. It feels so good, as I bottom out inside your pussy.
You feel yourself start to tingle, as you tell me that you are coming. With that your pussy muscles start contracting even more. This is just too much for me; I grab your hips and pull you hard against me as I start coating the insides of you with my hot sticky cum. You can feel my cock throbbing each time I shoot.
God, it feels like we came for ten minutes, while I am sure we didn't. We realize, how nice and peaceful it is, where we are.
You spin on my dick to face me, as I laugh a little at how cute you look with that pretty smile on your face. I brought wine, I tell you and then you laugh and say that you brought lunch and that you did.
So, you want to go to the park? I hope you liked.