DISCLAIMER: All characters appearing in this story are fictitious as they do not exist. Any resemblance to a real person, living or dead is purely coincidental and should not be construed to associate a real person, living or dead with scenes or events described within this story. All of the characters depicted in this story are over the age of 18 and takes place in a world where sexually transmitted diseases/illnesses do not exist. This story is intended for mature audiences only.
*
On the other side of the world, the sun had set a long time ago. Inside the airport under the bright lights, it didn't look like midnight as Stewart pushed the baggage cart through the sea of Asians. At 5'10", he stood a head above most of the people in Hong Kong. There were so many of them, they looked like ants crawling over one another. When he finally reached the Arrival Hall, he let out a breath of relief upon seeing a man in a suit holding up a sign with his name written on it. As Stewart approached him, the suit asked with a heavy Asian but understandable accent, "Mr. Stewart Cross?"
"Yes." Stewart replied, grateful he spoke English.
"Jacky, nice to meet you." Jacky said, taking the baggage cart from the much taller American, "Henry cannot wait anymore. He told me to pick you up, he says sorry, but your flight keep getting delay and delay."
"Where's Henry now?" Stewart asked, wondering where his contact was.
"Ah, he at the club." Jacky answered with broken English as he struggled with the heavy cart, "But don't worry, I take you to hotel, you get some rest, OK? You see him tomorrow."
"No no, take me to see him." Stewart said. He was wondering if he should be pushing the cart instead. The much shorter Asian man only went up to Stewart's shoulders and Stewart almost felt bad. Jacky was clearly struggling with pushing the heavy cart around the busy airport. Not wanting to insult the man, Stewart thought the better of it and decided to let Jacky be, maybe it will put some muscle on his scrawny frame.
"You just got off plane, are you sure?" Jacky asked as they headed towards the exit.
"Yeah, I slept a bit on the plane." Stewart replied.
"OK, but you know they drinking right?" Jacky laughed.
"What difference does that make?" Stewart snapped back.
"OK OK, just making sure." Jacky smiled as they reached the doors.
As soon as the automatic doors slid open, the temperature and humidity hit Stewart like a brick wall. It was like he walked fully dressed into a sauna. The weather was one thing he never got used to in Asia. The heat and the humidity made his clothes cling to his skin. Already annoyed with the uncomfortable weather, Stewart asked, "Where'd you park the car?"
"Over there." Jacky said, pointing to a black Mercedes Benz S-Class. The driver was smoking outside of it and waving at them, "Hard to find parking here."
"Fuck it's hot." Stewart complained about his clothes sticking to his skin.
"You not used to it." Jacky smiled in broken English. He pushed the baggage cart a little faster as the driver popped the trunk. They helped load Stewart's luggage in, but even with two of them it was a struggle because of the heavy bags.
Stewart was tired from travel and he was annoyed by the heat. Growing ever more impatient, he grabbed the last bag and loaded it into the car with more ease than the two Asians.
"Wah, strong gwailo." The driver laughed and made his best impression of a front double bicep pose.
"I'm just bigger." Stewart said.
Jacky smacked the driver over the head and cursed him in Chinese. The driver got into car while Jacky opened the rear door and waved Stewart in.
"Thanks." Stewart said, climbing into the ivory leather interior of the car. The icy blast of cold, air-conditioned air was a relief to Hong Kong's wet heat. He settled into his seat and asked, "How long?"
Jacky conversed in Chinese with the driver as he climbed into the front passenger seat. Then Jacky turned around and replied, "About 30 minutes. This is Calvin, he has a map of Hong Kong in his head."
"Good, we won't get lost then." Stewart mumbled and checked his phone, no missed calls. He figured that Jenny was probably working out or still sleeping. He shut his eyes to get some rest on the drive. If this meeting was going to be like his last one with Henry, he was going to need his strength. Calvin and Jacky were chatting amongst themselves in Chinese when Stewart interjected, "Hey, let me know when we're there."
"OK, Mr. Stewart," Jacky said turning around and giving Stewart a thumbs up, "I let you know when we are there!"
"Thanks." Stewart grumbled. The gentle rocking of the car, weaving around the congested traffic quickly put him to sleep. He longed for his beautiful fiancé and his mind brought him home. In his dream, he was excited to be home, quickly climbing the stairs two steps at a time.
However, at the top of the stairs, it was not Jenny who greeted Stewart. It was Tyrone.
The 6'6" black man had a smug grin on his face as he said, "Hey, remember that time you woke up on the plane in a cold sweat after having a nightmare about what was happening to your fiancée?"
Stewart looked at Tyrone confused, then his ears perked when he heard the rhythmic squeaking. Tyrone let out a sinister, lecherous laugh as Jenny's moans came out from the master bedroom. Stewart didn't know what came over him but he pushed Tyrone aside and he barged into the room. Only then did he recognize the sounds from his marital bed as it was being pounded, along with his beautiful fiancée.
The sight made Stewart sick. His loyal fiancée was laying on her back, taking a brutal pounding by the bare cock from one of the gardeners whose name he did not bother to remember. Behind that guy were the other three gardeners, whose names Stewart also didn't know. He definitely wished he had taken the time to remember their names so he could yell at the man fucking his bride-to-be.
'Why is Jenny doing this?'Stewart wondered as he stood shocked at the doorway. What made it worse was that she seemed to be enjoying it as the man explored every inch of her perfect body. Stewart felt a gut wrenching pain as Jenny's whole body shuddered with pleasure. He felt sick to his stomach, the room stank of cum and sweat. He was frozen in awe and envy, watching the man turning his Jennifer into a slut before his own eyes. Stewart's only thought was,'God, how can a man have so much power over a woman?'
Suddenly, the bed broke and the frame crashed into the floor with a thunderous 'THUD!'
Stewart woke up in the back of the Mercedes as Jacky opened the car door for him.
"Are you OK?" Jacky smiled to the visibly shaken Stewart drenched in sweat.
"Um..Y-yes." Stewart croaked with a dry throat. He was still groggy from the interruption of his powernap. As he climbed out of the Mercedes, once again, the humidity combined with the heat made his shirt stick to his skin but he said, "I'm fine."
Jacky said something to Calvin in Chinese then he turned to Stewart, "Too many people, we walk from here. Don't worry, club very close."
Stewart's height put him above the Asians that filled the busy street. Locals and tourists were meandering through the street level bars that were partially set up with bar tables outside. Stewart followed Jacky through the crowded street towards the bright neon sign that read 'PoleStar Nightclub.' Outside the club doors was a long line up of people waiting to get in. Even from the street, Stewart could hear the club's music. The bouncers saw Jacky, gave him a nod and they strode to the club doors.
When the club's double doors opened, Stewart's ears were instantly bombarded with loud techno music which he found so very annoying. In exchange for the club's air conditioning, he was willing to put up with the terrible music. As he followed Jacky through the club, he noticed that it was about the size of a small warehouse.
Mirrors, spinning lights, shifting lasers and speakers were mounted on the ceilings. There was a full sized bar in center of the main floor that promised to quench the thirst for alcohol of the many patrons lined up. Over-sized horseshoe shaped sofas lined the walls and doubled as make shift booths for strangers eager to get to know one another.
Even with the air conditioning, Stewart could feel the heat emanating from the twisting and grinding bodies as he shuffled between them. He followed Jacky to the stairs that led up to the second level. The upper floor had a smaller bar that was also packed. The center of the second floor was cut out and offered views overlooking the main bar below. Like the first floor, sofas ringed the walls and every space available had someone dancing.
The Lan Kwai Fong clubbing district is a popular place for tourists, especially among the young male expatriates working at one of the many international businesses nearby. Work life in the harbor city was hectic because most people worked six days a week. With Saturday being the last work day, people flocked to the clubs for a well-earned party to drink and to hopefully score with the opposite sex.
To this end, there are three primary groups.
The first group are young, pretty Chinese women. After having spent hours doing their hair, makeup and finding the perfect outfits to wear, they were now strutting their stuff in the clubs. These women came to this district in hopes of grabbing the attention of their male counterparts. Some were indiscriminate in what type of men they were after, some flocked to this district to try and bag a rich husband or boyfriend. But majority of these beautiful women simply wanted to spread their legs for an expatriate. It was no secret amongst Hong Kong women that there were larger, forgien cocks to be had and this was their hunting grounds.
The second group is comprised of successful Chinese men. Both young and old gravitate to this area to try to bed some of the finest women the liberal city has to offer. Because Hong Kong is the most westernized city of China and unlike any other part of the country, women here readily adopt western trends. In that aspect, they are less shy to explore their sexuality. These successful men are hopeful that they could ply a woman with enough drinks to fuck them or basically buy their way into bed.
The third group competes against the second. This group is composed primarily of western expatriates who came to this part of Hong Kong for one purpose only, to sample some of the finer female delicacies the over populated city had to offer. Unlike their competitors, the expatriates are less willing to ply women with drinks to get them drunk. They would buy women drinks, but they weren't willing to pay their way in for a one night stand. The fun was in the chase.
Naturally, the two different ethnic groups of men often clashed with one another, sometimes even resulting in fights. The age old battle between money versus cocks started during the conflict between the Chinese empire and the European invaders. Eventually, Hong Kong fell under the control of the British Empire. It wasn't until 1997 that the British gave Hong Kong back to the China. Now one of the greatest cities in the world, Hong Kong is a city of towering glass and skyscrapers. But beneath the bright flashing neon lights, a dark consuming hatred flowed silently. Although no one would admit it, rich Chinese men were infuriated because the finest women their county had to offer were still swooning over the foreigners.
Similarly, boyfriends whom did not keep a close eye on their girlfriends usually lost them. An expatriate would sweep in between the couple, bumping and grinding against the girlfriend. It looked innocent enough, the streets were crowded. If the boyfriend did not stand up for his girlfriend, the expatriate would take further liberties on her. And if he did stand up to the invader, the expatriate would simply apologize and leave. But the seed had already been planted, there was no way the woman could forget the feeling of a much larger cock rubbing against her body.
Majority of Hong Kong women had only been with local men. But once they felt an expatriate, their curiosity would bring them back to Lan Kwai Fong with the intention of satiating their curiosity. After exposing their bodies to something they were never meant to be exposed to, these oriental pearls were tarnished permanently. It was only a matter of time really. Most Asian women have a real weakness for size, especially girth and Hong Kong women were no exception. They would try everything, vibrators, dildos, porn, but nothing would satiate their lust like an expatriate did. They should have known that their tiny Asian pussies would be conquered by the white man's cock. Now they're addicted to it.
An expatriate could always tell when it is an Asian woman's first time fucking a westerner. Despite the more liberal views on sexuality, Hong Kong women tend not to maintain their pubes, but that would change after a night with a westerner. Unknown to the Hong Kong men, whom simply thought that these women had caught onto a western trend when in fact these sluts were trimming their bush or shaving it bare in hopes of being more appealing to the westerners.
It didn't matter how much money the Chinese men had, there were some things money couldn't buy. Money also didn't help when it took several Chinese men to fight one, though much larger, expatriate. Even outnumbering the foreigner, it was a toss-up between who would win.
The expatriates looked forward to these fights though. Their chances of winning one on one was almost absolute and their chances of winning against multiple assailants were fairly even. Winning was the demonstration of strength and dominance, especially when faced with seemingly overwhelming numbers. So the odds worked in the expatriates favor and with a much larger payout.
Most of the local men knew better than to engage in these street fights for fear of humiliation if they lost. As such, they usually gave up on pursing the women the expatriates had an eye for.
For the women, it didn't matter who won. Watching men fight over them boosted their sense of self-confidence and horniness. And not many things got Chinese women's juices flowing like being taken by a winner.
This was the club scene in Lan Kwai Fong every night and tonight, the streets were more packed than usual because it was a weekend.
Stewart had been to Hong Kong's clubs before, however, this one seemed different. There wasn't a single unattractive woman in sight. All the women seemed to be between the ages of 20 and 30, dressed to the nines, had a pretty face and unlike typical Asian women, every one of them had a decent rack. Unbeknownst to Stewart, he had entered the crown jewel of nightclubs in Hong Kong. The man Stewart was here to meet, Henry, owned the most exclusive club in Hong Kong, The PoleStar Nightclub.
Henry ensured that his club would be exclusive. A month before the club's opening night, he sent scouts to every modeling agency in Hong Kong with a very specific criteria in search of the hottest models. He did the same with the managers and agents for the sexiest female celebrities. Those who were eligible were given free individual membership cards that could not be bought or transferred. And without one, the ladies couldn't get in the club unless they were invited by another membership holder. Although any woman could apply for a membership for free, Henry only granted membership to the hottest ones.
The PoleStar's membership structure was different for men. Henry sent invitations to all the men with influence in Hong Kong and those who attended on opening night received their membership as a token of Henry's appreciation. After that, new male members were required to pay a $30,000HKD (almost $4000USD) annual fee for their membership. And not any man with money could join. Prospective members had to be vouched in by existing members. As the club gained popularity, vouching would prove to be immensely beneficial to the initial members as others tried hard to get vouched in and pay the exorbitant membership fee.
All members, male or female, were allowed to bring in one guest at the admission price of $1000HKD (almost $130USD). Bottle service was $4000HKD and tables were $6000HKD. The nightclub's prices were hefty and its price structure was to bar the less wealthy from getting in. After all, it literally was a nightclub full of models.
The exclusivity of the club and those whom didn't receive an invite caused quite a stir, which only generated more hype about the club even prior to its grand opening. Once the models and actresses caught wind of the type of men the club invited, they showed up. Likewise, the men attended upon hearing that only the finest women would be present. And on opening night, the club had the hottest female models, the sexiest female celebrities, the most powerful politicians, the executives of international business firms all waiting to be let in by Henry Zhang. That night was a win-win for everyone.
It was an ingenious business plan really. The strict requirements for female members meant only the hottest women got in. Hot women attracted wealthy men, whom in turn would not think twice about the exorbitant drink prices. After opening night, the club began accepting female membership applications. This gave the high end, beautiful, classy models and the A-list celebrities a run for their money. The injection of regular women created quite a competition amongst the women as they vied for the men's attention. Women tried to outdo one another with shorter skirts and sexier outfits. And the male members loved it, which generated more business for the club.
Soon, being a member of the nightclub was seen as something of a status that the models and celebrities began putting on their portfolios. The little gold membership card differentiated them from their peers as a sign that they are above the rest. Regular women followed suit and it soon became apparent that any female that held the little gold card was certified hot. Regardless of their occupation, these women found themselves mingling with the famous, the powerful, and the rich of Hong Kong.
In less than a year, the PoleStar Nightclub became a huge success and Henry became the most well connected man in Hong Kong. Henry's 5'6" height and 150lb skinny frame came across for many as a timid man, yet he could put anyone in touch with anyone, for anything. Young, beautiful women came to his club with hopes of finding a filthy rich boyfriend or husband, others came to the club to advance their careers and did so very successfully. And in return, influential men had access to an unlimited amount of Hong Kong's finest women, all in one place. It paid to know people running on the inside track and at the age of 39, Henry had unfettered access to legitimate businesses and to Hong Kong's underworld.
Now, Henry was looking to expand his network with the help of Stewart.
The PoleStar was packed every night, even more so tonight because it was Saturday night. Being so close to the financial district, Hong Kong businessmen brought their foreign counterparts to this exclusive club to show off. Not many expatriates could afford to get into this club, but the few that could brought their friends. Tonight, the club was a mixed crowd of locals, rich Chinese men from the mainland and the expatriates. There were several foreigners like Stewart that were here on invitation, they were easy to pick out because they didn't speak the local language.
Although Hong Kong was like a language melting pot, the local language is Cantonese. Mainlanders spoke Chinese, majority of the foreigners spoke English, but almost everyone in the club spoke some form of English, a language the locals perceived to be one that only educated people spoke. Failing that, people communicated with their body language, expressing their desires with a flick of their head and the subtle wink of an eye without losing anything in translation.
Jacky led Stewart past several booths where people were downing shot after shot, eager to have a good time. Stewart spotted Henry sitting at the back of the club in a corner booth. Accompanying him was a Chinese man and three beautiful women that sat on either side of them. The empty champagne glasses and bottles that covered the table indicated that they were there for a while.
"STEW!" Henry shouted. The American waved in response as he approached their table. Henry patted his female companion on the thigh to give him room, she scooched over and he stood up. As he made his way to Stewart, he said, "Thanks Jacky, I'll call you guys later."
"OK." Jacky replied and disappeared into the crowd as quickly as he came.
"How have you been buddy?" Henry asked as he shook Stewart's hand. The white man was two inches taller and about 30lbs heavier.
"I've been better." Stewart grinned.
"Looks like you gained some weight." Henry joked like they were the best of friends.
"Yeah." Stewart grumbled and tried to hide his discomfort about his weight. The two men met through a mutual friend's birthday party back in the states. They had hung out a few times when Stewart was in Hong Kong and that was as far as their relationship went. They were acquaintances more than friends. During his visit last year, Stewart had mentioned to Henry that his shipments were getting delayed and sometimes even destroyed by the Chinese officials. Then six months ago, Henry offered to help find the cause of Stewart's headache and evidently, he found the answer. For some reason, Henry wouldn't tell him over the phone, which brought him to Hong Kong. Eagerly, Stewart asked, "So?"
"So, that is Raymond." Henry said, pointing to the chubby 50 something year old Chinese man wearing a polo and slacks. Henry patted Stewart on the chest and shouted to Raymond, "Stew!"
"Hi," Raymond replied with a big jolly smile on his face. He pointed to his left at the waving young woman and introduced with broken English, "Whitney, Miss Hong Kong."
"Cheers." Whitney smiled with a slight British accent, something she acquired when she studied fashion design in London England. She wore a black bodycon halter mini dress that showed off her 35D-24-35 hourglass figure. But the real attention grabber was the scooping neckline that put the top half of her tits on display.
Normally, Whitney would stand up to shake the hand of someone she just met. However, Raymond was taking advantage of the backside of her mini dress, or lack thereof as her back was bare all the way down to her tail bone. Raymond's left hand slipped between the sides of the dress's stretchy material and her smooth skin as his hands slowly slid down her ribcage. When his hand reached her hip, his fingers plucked at her g-string and slipped between the sidebands of that too!
Raymond was taking full liberties on the previously crowned winner of the Miss Hong Kong beauty pageant. He was enjoying running his hand along her creamy smooth skin, but not as much his fingers digging into the firm flesh of her ass. Never in his wildest dreams did he imagine that he would be able to get his grubby hands on such a fine piece of ass.
Raymond work as the Port Commissioner at the Guangdong shipping port, and as a man in such a position of power, he was approached by the triads. He routinely took bribes to make certain shipments disappear off of the shipping manifests. He had one time, jokingly asked the triads if there was anything they couldn't get their hands on. They asked him what he wanted and Raymond joked that he wanted to fuck a winner of the Miss Hong Kong pageant, preferably the voluptuous Whitney Ho.
At the time, the triads were looking for ways to forge deeper ties with the politicians and businessmen in mainland China, so they turned to Henry, who was more than happy to assist his clients. The PoleStar flourished partly because of the mutual agreement Henry had in place with all the triad groups. The PoleStar was a neutral territory and fighting or killing was forbidden at his club. This was strictly enforced not by the police, but by triads collectively. In exchange, each of the bosses received membership and access to a safe haven from their enemies. Henry may have ran a successful business, but he made a living by connecting people. And each day, more people were owning Henry favors, including the triads.
There were several Miss Hong Kong winners that frequented the PoleStar, but there was only one that Henry had leverage over, Whitney. Coincidentally, she happened to be who the triads asked for. The triads gave Henry a date for when Raymond would arrive in Hong Kong. The following week, Henry met with Whitney and her boyfriend, Steven at the club. When he handed Whitney a formal invitation to the PoleStar, he watched the blood drain from Steven's face.
The doors to show business opened up for Whitney after she won the Miss Hong Kong beauty pageant. The victory instilled a passion in Whitney for being in front of the camera. Over a short period of time, she became the most sought after face for every promotional event in Hong Kong. Soon, she became a TV host and eventually turned into an actress. During the filming of Whitney's debut, she openly bragged about how she did not have to sleep with the rich and famous like the other actresses. Her diva behavior on set did not sit well with her co-stars and she didn't receive any more parts after her debut.
Whitney's previous network took her back and she returned to hosting television shows. But greed got the best of her. She demanded a salary increase, upsetting the executives and thereby burning her last bridge. Shunned by all the networks, she still refused to make herself available for sex. Left unemployed and forgotten, Whitney frequented the PoleStar with hopes of winning the heart of a wealthy expatriate. That was how she met Steven. Although he was not her first choice, she preferred white men, he did have a stable job and he was willing to support her.
Steven worked as an alcohol marketing distributor and Lan Kwai Fong was one of the areas he distributed to. And because Steven supplied Henry's club, he had a standing invitation into the PoleStar. Steven had done pretty well for himself thanks to the contacts he made at the Henry's. Several of Steven's competitors were trying to steal his clients, some were successful but as long they didn't get the PoleStar, his little golden egg, he was alright.
Henry told Steven to drop off his girlfriend at the PoleStar tonight with explicit instructions for him not to enter the club. Steven knew why and so did Whitney, there was someone Henry wanted her to impress. Steven wasn't in a position to protest Henry's invitation, even if he did, he knew it would be futile. Either Steven followed through or he risked losing business with the PoleStar, his biggest client. Steven agreed without a second thought. There were rumors that when a woman received Henry's invitation, it was really a demand for them to drop their panties. Steven really hoped that wasn't true.
Neither of them said anything as Steven begrudgingly dropped Whitney off. She took Henry's invitation much better than her boyfriend did and she took it seriously. Crowns, trophies and sashes from beauty competitions filled her apartment and told of her past accomplishments. Unemployed for over a year, she would do anything and everything to relive the moment to remind her of what she once was.
Whitney took Henry's invitation so seriously that she even went as far as sealing the reply with a kiss and left a bright pink lipstick mark. She went to the hair salon to set her dark reddish brown hair in a side-swept style that afternoon. When she got home, she even shaved her pussy bare before she carefully applied a bit of makeup and put on a pair of silver mesh earrings. She slipped into a pair of 6 inch patent black Lady Peeps platform heels from Christian Louboutin that Steven got her last Christmas. She absolutely loved those heels and had worn them only a few times for her boyfriend when they fucked. She had never worn them outside their apartment because the heels elevated her 5'3" frame 2 inches higher than her boyfriend, which just felt awkward. Henry was important to Steven and Whitney knew she had to impress tonight or Steven might be out of a job too.
Over the last year, Whitney had learned from her diva ways and held a more realistic perspective on life now. She may have lost her career, but she was determined not to let Steven down. Still, she couldn't help but cringe at the touch of a man twice her age. Not only that, Raymond was chubby and was definitely not someone she had any desire to fuck. In fact, she found the whole idea repulsive. But everyone had to make sacrifices, even her.
Raymond felt the beauty queen cringe under his touch. He didn't care. Nor did he know how the triads managed to set him up with such a beauty, nor did he care. He didn't even care about the hottie sitting to his right. All he knew and cared about was fucking little Miss Hong Kong tonight!
"Hihi, I'm Angel." Angel introduced herself with perfect English. She had her long, waist length hair dyed like Whitney's in a reddish brown color and she wore a cobalt blue bandage mini dress. The dress's a deep "v" cut down the front squeezed her 34C tits together for an impressive amount of cleavage. Her narrow 24 inch waist made her big tits look much bigger than it was. When Angel stood up, it was apparent just how 'mini' her mini dress was. The hem of her dress only passed her ass by a few inches, even by Hong Kong's liberal standards her dress was short. But that didn't bother Angel, she didn't live by the local standards.
Angel's family moved from Hong Kong to Vancouver Canada when she was young. After graduating from university, she moved back to Hong Kong on her own. She was a pseudo-model working on becoming a real model for an agency. Tonight, she was here to dance the stress of the work week away. Angel saw how her friend Michelle didn't seem too interested in Stewart, so she motioned to swap spots with her.
"Michelle." The last girl said as she got up. Like Angel, she too was an aspiring model. Between the modeling gigs, this Hong Kong local loved music and DJ'ed for the local clubs. Every club that she DJ'ed at was always packed, what red blooded male wouldn't want to see a hot looking DJ dancing with her 33E-24-35 figure up on stage. Michelle loved the club atmosphere but she loved dancing far too much to not be in the crowds.
This summer is the first time Angel came back to Hong Kong since going to Canada. Both Angel and Michelle had been going to a variety of clubs all over Hong Kong in the last month, but poor Angel had been striking out on her elusive white knight. Michelle didn't care for fucking white guys like her friend did, nor did she want to catch such a serious case of white fever. Who knew it was so much work to just to get laid? Michelle had taken a month off of work to hang out with Angel and if Angel wanted to hit club after club, Michelle was more than happy to oblige.
Michelle had dyed her hair dark auburn and styled it in loose waves, letting her hair fall down to her shoulder blades. Not one to miss out on the action, she wore a light pink sequin halter mini dress. It was more like a miniskirt with two wide bands that tapered upwards in the front around the neck. The vertical bands left more than half of her 33E tits exposed and the 'V' shaped neckline plunged down past her navel, showing off her crystal bunny belly ring.
Michelle dressed sexy when she DJ'ed and she dressed even sexier when she danced. She was the tallest girl of the three at 5'6". Her dress was just as short as what Angel and Whitney had worn, but hers offered a lot more skin on her longer legs. Michelle finished off the outfit with a pair of So Kate heels from Christian Louboutin. The 5 inch heels in shocking pink matched her outfit perfectly.
Stewart stared as Angel shimmied past Michelle. His eyes were following her as she sat down and crossed her legs, making the hem of her dress ride up almost to her ass cheeks and showed off her creamy white thighs.
Angel noticed Stewart's stare and it made her smile on the inside. She bought the expensive pair of Lady Peep heels from Christian Louboutin at the suggestion of her friends. The shoes were expensive, but the looks she received made it totally worth it. The a pair of patent black, platform heels had a jaw-dropping height of 6 inches that elevated Angel's 5'4" frame to a height where most local Hong Kong men deemed her unapproachable.
Most Chinese men stared and drooled from a distance. At 2 inches taller than the average man's height in Hong Kong, only the tall men would dare to approach Angel. That usually meant men who were either expatriates or foreigners, exactly the type of men Angel wanted to attract. Yet she was striking out for almost an entire month.
Angel never thought that she would miss getting fucked by a white man, nor did she ever imagine that she had to put in so much work to stand out above the hordes of Asian sluts trying to seduce a white guy in Hong Kong. But the competition here was fierce. White guys were rare, even in Hong Kong. Even rarer were white men that weren't already being hit on by an Asian woman. Angel was so desperate now, she didn't care about Stewart's pudgy body as long as he was white and had a big white cock to match.
Henry sat down between Michelle and Angel. He motioned for Stewart to take a seat at the end next to Angel.
"Nice to meet you all." Stewart replied sitting down. Leaning forward and nodding his head to Henry, "Did you find out what happened?"
"Yes, but tonight is not a good time to talk." Henry said leaning forward to talk over Angel. He pointed at Raymond and said, "He's obviously got his mind on something else, you know what I mean? Tonight, we drink!"
"The fuck does this have to do with HIM!?" Stewart asked angrily. He was tired from the flight, the lack of sleep and he missed Jenny dearly. He was so close to finally knowing the reason for the delay of his shipments, yet so far, "I FUCKING flew across the Pacific ocean because you didn't want to tell me over the FUCKING phone!! AndNOW, you're telling me you DON'T want to talk becauseHE'Strying to get LAID???"
"Hey, hey, hey, here, drink some champagne!" Angel cooed, trying to change the topic. She quickly grabbed a champagne glass and she brought it to Stewart's lips with one hand while her right hand cupped his chin to prevent any from spilling onto his white shirt. Tilting the glass and forcing Stewart to drink, she cooed, "There, that's a good boy, that's it. Let's put out that fire."
Stewart welcomed the cool and crisp champagne into his mouth as Angel made him finish the glass. Before he had a chance to say anything, she brought a second glass to his lips.
"How about we focus on something positive," Angel cooed as Stewart was downing the second glass, "for example, how about we celebrate our new friendship?"
Stewart held up his hand as a sign of caving in, but Angel was going to have none of it. She grabbed the last glass from the table and put it in Stewart's hand, then she said, "And this one is for coming late to the party."
In less than a minute of sitting down, Stewart had downed two glasses of champagne and was about to down the third. Too busy drinking, he almost forgot why he was so angry in the first place. But what was the point? He was here now and he would finally get to the bottom of why his shipments were getting delayed. Henry would tell him what the issue was, he would fix it and be back in the states in no time. That alone was cause for celebration.
"Alright," Stewart smiled, obviously in a better mood thanks to Angel, "if I didn't know any better, I'd think you're trying to get me drunk and take advantage of me."
"Maybe I am." Angel smiled sweetly, "But you're still going to have to finish this last glass."
"And what about you?" Stewart asked as he held the tall glass to his lips.
A man in a suit, whom Stewart presumed to be the manager of the club appeared with two hostesses behind him. The manager was young and sharp looking, the gold nametag pinned on his chest told Stewart that his name was Leo. He looked to be about nearing his thirties but Stewart couldn't be sure. Asians tend to look a lot younger than their age.
The hostesses wore matching turquoise cocktail gowns with a sweetheart neckline that showed the top half of their breasts. The women set down two trays of vodka shots and bent over to clear the short tables of the empty champagne glasses and offered a good view of their cleavages.
Henry couldn't help but smile as he noticed his male companions fixate on his hostesses. He had painstakingly selected and hired each hostess based on their looks. It was hard task because those that were hot were typically models whom have received their membership. He had literally hired the best local talent available and even then, he had to hire from neighboring countries such as Japan and Korea to have an adequate amount of hostesses.
The startup cost of the club was huge, but it paid off in the end because when the men struck out, they paid for a hostess to drink with them for the evening. The prices for each hostess varied based on her popularity. There were rumors that PoleStar was a front for a brothel, but whatever happened afterwards outside the club was not Henry's concern. The hostesses could do whatever they wanted off company time. He couldn't help it if two people wanted to fuck, and who was he to govern his employee's personal life?
PoleStar's hostesses were undeniably hotter than the other clubs. Henry paid them well to ensure that he had the best working for him. The two that were setting down the shots are a testament to that. Laura used to be a Japanese porn star and the other, whom Henry couldn't remember the name of, was an up and coming Korean pop star that fizzled out. They finished setting down the glasses and Korean one asked in broken English, "Will there be anything else?"
Henry shook his head, Laura and the other hostess bowed before they turned around and left.
"Please enjoy." Leo smiled.
Stewart was about to grab a shot for Angel when Raymond said something in Chinese. Stewart paused and saw Raymond say something to Henry.
"LEO! Makers Mark...PoleStar Special" Henry shouted.
Leo gave his boss a thumbs up as he walked away and disappeared into the crowd with the two hostesses.
"See that? One's Japanese, the other is Korean." Henry asked, shaking his finger at the hostesses, "They're so FUCKING polite and I LOVE it."
"It's their culture." Whitney said, reaching forward for the shots. It was going to be a long night and if she was going to survive getting fucked by Raymond, she was going to need a lot more alcohol. Being the furthest away from the table, Whitney had to get up slightly from her seat and reach over Raymond to get the shots.
Raymond took this opportunity to pull Whitney onto his lap. He nonchalantly squeezed her left ass cheek and gave it a hard slap. Then he nodded to Whitney for the shots.
Whitney could feel Raymond's hard-on jabbing up at her as she reached for the shots again. Miss Hong Kong or not, she needed to try her best to get Raymond wasted. That was the plan she and Steven had formulated, to get Raymond drunk enough so that he would pass out and she could pretend that they fucked. Their plan was not without its risks though, Whitney tend to get pretty horny when she was drunk, but it was a risk that they had to accept.
Grabbing two shots, Whitney quickly downed the first and wedged the second between her tits. She turned her body to the side, now sitting across Raymond's lap and facing Henry, she grabbed Raymond's head and pulled him into her tits. Raymond's lips latched around the shot glass, then he plucked it out from her cleavage and tilted his head to put back the shot. The empty glass fell from his lips and landed in Whitney's hand. Whitney put the empty glass on the table and grabbed another shot.
Meanwhile, Henry taught Stewart how to play 15-20, a popular drinking game in Hong Kong. Being new to this game, Stewart lost almost every round and he ended up drinking most of shots. That wasn't including the penalty drinks whenever he messed up on the rules.
By the time Leo returned to the table, everyone was pretty buzzed. He had a rocks glass of bourbon in his hand which Henry directed to Raymond. Leo put the drink down in front of the older Chinese man and noticed the American waving at him.
"Hey! HEY!" Stewart shouted in a drunken state while Leo cleared the table of the empties. Pointing at Raymond's drink, he shouted, "I want what he's having...and ah...and the ah...'PoleStar Special' and make it D-DOUBLE!!"
Leo glanced at Henry with a questioning look. The drink Raymond ordered was enhanced with a supplement that was off the menu. On request, any drink could be laced with a supplement that enhanced sensation, duration, stamina, and gave men a firmer hard-on than normal. He didn't know if the American wanted a double shot of bourbon, double the supplement, or both.
Henry mulled over the decision for a second. The 'PoleStar Special' was only requested by those who were in the know because of how potent it was. The drug was touted as a natural herbal supplement but it was far too dangerous to be available publically. Henry assumed that the triads suggested the illicit supplement to Raymond, but Henry had no idea how Stewart learned of the 'PoleStar Special.'
"Hey! I'm a g-grown man. I don't...don't need his permission, I know...I know what I'm ordering, OK?" Stewart shouted upon seeing Leo looking to his boss for direction, "You want to check my ID?"
Henry laughed at Stewart's drunken state. He remembered when he they met at a mutual friend's birthday party in America. He could immediately tell Stewart was a virgin from how shy he was around the women at the party. At the request of their mutual friend, Henry agreed to help the timid virgin farm owner sell alfalfa to Chinese cow farms. It was easier to do that than to get him laid.
The Chinese cow farmers couldn't believe how naive the American hay seller was. There was no way anyone that timid and naive would try to rip them off and because of that, they bought from Stewart. It had been a while since Henry last saw Stewart and although Stewart was still naive, Henry figured he must have popped his cherry because he was obviously more comfortable around women this time around.
"FUCKING GO! PoleStar special!!" Stewart shouted, "And double the FUN!! You understand?"
"Yes, yes. Ok, ok." Leo nodded to show that he understood. No one had ever ordered a double dose of the supplement before. But the American was bigger than the average patrons so Leo figured there was no harm and he left the table to fill the American's order.
Whitney and Raymond joined in on the group's drinking games. Raymond opted to take gulps of his bourbon with the 'PoleStar Special' while everyone else downed their shots. The game picked up where it had left off and it was pretty clear that Raymond, Michelle and Henry were heavy weight drinkers because they were only buzzed when everyone else was pretty drunk.
Raymond had already finished his drink by the time Leo brought Stewart the bourbon enhanced with the 'PoleStar Special.' Raymond had about an hour before the supplement kicked in and he decided it would be best if he and Whitney left for the hotel now. He gave Henry a sly smile and slowly slid Whitney off his lap as he stood.
"What? You're going already?" Stewart asked as he took his drink from Leo and waved him off, "I just got my drink!!"
"ENJOY! Hahaha!" Whitney smiled drunkenly. She bent down to grab her cell phone off the pile of cellphones on the table and felt Raymond's hard-on rub against her ass as his arms wrapped around her waist. The feeling of a hard cock made Whitney realize that she was horny too. Her mind was in turmoil as she remembered her loving boyfriend dropping her off at the club's doors earlier tonight. Steven knew there was the very real possibility that she was going to have to sleep with someone and she couldn't help but feel turned on. She stuffed the cell phone into her Chanel clutch purse as the entire evening started to become a blur.
"Thank you." Raymond said in Mandarin and shook Henry's hand. He bid everyone a good night with a wave and held his arm out for Whitney to leave first.
"BYE!" Whitney shouted drunkenly and blew a kiss before leaving.
Raymond held onto Whitney's slim waist as she led him through the sea of dancing bodies. The former Miss Hong Kong was waving her arms in the air, her hips swaying to the beat under the flashing lights. Holding onto Whitney's waist, Raymond was pulling her body tight against his, bumping and grinding to the blaring techno music. They danced their way into the elevator and through the lobby.
Steven had waited for several hours outside PoleStar's doors for his girlfriend. He prayed Whitney had succeeded in getting whoever it was drunk. When his girlfriend stumbled through the club doors, he saw that his prayer fell on deaf ears. He saw a short, chubby Chinese man with her and Steven's heart sank further. He couldn't see his face, only the sides of his balding salt and pepper hair. The man had his head tilted down to the side, no doubt getting a good look at Whitney's 33D rack. That wasn't what bothered Steven, it was what the man was wearing.
Steven instantly recognized the man from mainland China from his outfit. The man wore a polo with white and gray horizontal stripes, dark blue suit trousers and black leather shoes. Steven couldn't believe this 50 something year old mainlander was with his 23 year old Whitney!!
The mainlander held onto Whitney's left arm with his left hand while his right hand was on her waist, innocently sliding up to her tits as they walked on the street. What made matters worse was that the man was more sober than Whitney, in fact, he didn't seem drunk at all as he led her away from the club.
Whitney was too drunk to see her boyfriend as they walked right past him. Steven waited until they were about 50 feet ahead and then he followed the odd couple. The streets were bustling from people milling around the bars. As they weaved between the throngs of people, Steven tried to keep an eye on the back of Whitney's head. Her high heels put her about a head taller than the man she was with. That's when Steven noticed how short the mainlander was.
Steven stayed back and tried to keep pace with Whitney at her slow, drunken pace as she slowly stumbled towards the end of the block. Steven racked his brain for a plan to rescue Whitney and he was drawing on a blank. He could probably take on the older man, but it was pointless. If he wanted to piss Henry off, they could have skipped out on the entire night.
The crowd thinned out as they turned at the next block, away from the popular bars and clubs. It was both a blessing and a curse. It was easier for Steven keep an eye on Whitney, but it was also easier for him to get spotted. Steven pulled out his cell phone, pretending to text, looking up every once in a while to avoid appearing too obvious.
Reaching the entrance of a hotel, Raymond guided Whitney in. Though still drunk, the walk from PoleStar to the hotel seemed to have sobered her up a bit. The young concierge at the front desk flashed him a knowing smile when they walked in. Raymond held onto the drunken beauty as he led her to the elevators with the giant grin on his face.
There were two young men and a young woman inside the elevator already. Like Raymond and Whitney, they looked like they had just come from one of the clubs. However, they were more sober than Whitney and the girl looked like she was eager to have fun tonight. The two guys gave Raymond a mischievous smile and he smiled back as he pressed the button for the 28th floor.
Steven entered into the hotel lobby in time to see his girlfriend enter the elevator. He ran to the elevator but the doors closed before he could hit the button. There was a second elevator available, but Stewart waited to see which floor his girlfriend stopped at. Helpless, he stood there watching the numbers go up until the elevator stopped at the 26th floor. Then he stepped into the second elevator and pressed for the 26th floor.
Steven had no idea that the 26th floor was where the two men and woman got off. He saw the mainlander usher his girlfriend into the elevator and assumed they were the only ones in the elevator at this time of night. On the short ride up, Steven was tried to devise a plan. Nothing.
"I'm so drunk." Whitney moaned in Mandarin as the elevator rang and the doors opened. The former beauty queen spoke Cantonese, Mandarin and English all very fluently. Now that they were alone, there was no need for her to communicate in English for everyone's sake. That and she doubted Raymond understood much English. Whitney was still quite drunk and unsteady on her feet as they exited on the 28th floor and Raymond led her down the hallway to his room.
"Almost there." Raymond replied in Mandarin. He was glad the bitch spoke the official language because he had a tough time understanding what was being said at the club. He walked beside Whitney with his arm around her waist to help her and pulled her tight against his chubby body.
"You like?" Whitney asked, feeling Raymond's fingers under her big breasts on her flat belly. She drunkenly looked down her body but couldn't see his hand past the curve of her round tits. His hand shifted a bit as they walked and his thumb grazed the bottom of her tits.
The hallway was cold from the air conditioner on full blast and Whitney's nipples were starting to harden beneath her black bodycon halter mini dress. The dress didn't allow for a bra and she opted to skip the pads because she figured no one would see her long nipples in a dark club. Here in the brightly lit hotel, she was watching her nipples harden and poking through the dark dress. Her nipples were always sensitive and hardened easily from the cold air conditioning in Hong Kong's buildings, the rubbing of her clothes and especially when she was drunk and knew she was going to get fucked.
"I like." Raymond replied and unlocked the door, "We're here."
Meanwhile, two floors below, the elevator rang and Steven poked his head into the hallway. A door down the hall just closed. He ran to it and frantically pounded his fist on the door. When the door opened, he immediately punched the man that opened it and charged into the room, only to realize it was the wrong room.
Upstairs, Raymond helped Whitney into his room. As soon as the door closed, he pinned her against the door and flicked up her halter top over her head so that her bare tits were exposed. Whitney's heels put her seven inches taller than him and he was at the perfect height to take one of her nipples into his mouth.
"AAHH!!" Whitney moaned, dropping her black clutch purse as Raymond ran his tongue around her long nipples. She noticed that the room was a large suite, or rather, probably the largest suite that the hotel offered. From the doorway, a plush dark purple carpet lined the room that led to a beige loveseat and a dark brown coffee table before it turned left to what Whitney presumed to be the bedroom.
The bottle of champagne sitting inside a shiny ice bucket on the coffee table caught Whitney's eye. As did the two champagne glasses set aside the bucket. Recessed ceiling lights provided a focused beam down on the dark carpet, even the walls matched the coffee table to give the whole suite a very posh vibe.
While Whitney was surveying the room, Raymond was exploring her spectacular rack with his hands. Her tits were huge, natural, soft and pliable and felt bouncy in his hands. He fondled her tits, switching from one then the other, mauling the former Miss Hong Kong and defiling her. He thought of how many men wanted to feel and pinch these rubbery nipples like they were ripe, forbidden fruits waiting to be picked and devoured. There were other parts of her that he wanted to devour and he yanked down the rest of Whitney's dress. He worked it past her hips, letting it slip down her smooth legs and onto the floor.
"Wait." Whitney gasped as Raymond spun her around to face the door. Her tits were mashed up against the door as he pulled her hips towards him, she pleaded, "Slow down."
Raymond responded by giving her right ass cheek a downward slap, making the former beauty queen yelp. Then he did the same with her left cheek and made her yelp again. He waited far too long for tonight to slow down.
Whitney winced from the pain. Steven had always been gentle with her, never rough. The stinging pain on her ass cheeks reminded her who she was with tonight and why. The thought of it made her feel sick. Pinned up against the door, there wasn't much she could do to stop the older man from yanking down her black g-string.
"WOW!" Raymond cackled happily as he shoved his hand between her smooth thighs. Never would he have even dreamed that little Miss Hong Kong, from how prim and proper she looked on television would have shaved her cunt bare. He placed his stubby middle and ring fingers at the entrance of her silky cunt and slowly entered the young woman, then he discovered another surprise, "You're wet!"
"Huh? UNNGH! N-Nooo..." Whitney lied. She had been wet even before they left the club.
With his palm faced down, Raymond slid his fingers in and out of Whitney's tight cunt. He went slowly at first, then faster and faster. As the pace of his finger fucking increased, so did her panting and moaning.
"AH! AH! AH! AH!" Whitney whimpered as Raymond's fingers were ramming into her without mercy. He was getting to her, building momentum with each thrust of his fingers, threatening to destroy her delicate cunt. She thought that she could get Raymond wasted, she had reassured her boyfriend that even if she slept with Raymond, there was no way that she could cum with someone she didn't love. And Steven believed her.
It was important to Whitney that she didn't cum tonight. She didn't want to give Raymond the satisfaction of knowing that she was enjoying what he was doing. It was the least she could do for her boyfriend.
But the corrupt official had other plans. Technically, porn is illegal in China and thousands and thousands of Japanese porn are seized at the Guangdong ports each year. The seized goods are then sold in the black market. Of course, Raymond saved copies of the good ones for himself. And through countless hours of watching illegal Japanese porn, Raymond had mastered the technique the Japanese used to make their porn stars squirt. Tonight, he was putting that technique to the test as his fingers were fucking the young Asian woman at a blinding pace.
"W-WAIT!" Whitney cried as she tried her hardest to stall the climactic cliff that she was about to fall off from. Her thighs were quivering involuntarily as she screamed, "I BEG YOU! WAIT A MOMENT!"
Raymond ignored Whitney's protests. His fingers were relentless and unyielding. He was determined to make her cum. His fingers worked frantically and ruthlessly until she writhed against the door as she tried to stop the inevitable.
It was no use.
Whitney's body tensed up and Raymond had a lecherous grin on his face when it happened.
The intense wave of pleasure caught Whitney by surprise. Her slim body tensed up, her back arched, her mouth hung open as she experienced a soul crushing orgasm and she shrieked in defeat, "HHHNNGGGGG!!!"
Several torrents of cunt juice spurted from the beauty queen and soaked her crumpled mini dress on the floor. Momentarily forgetting who she was with, Whitney was unconsciously grinding her hips against Raymond's fingers as opposed the other way around.
Raymond saw the brief but short smile on her lips as she whimpered cutely with her eyes closed. Her slender body was still shuddering post-orgasm when he undid his belt and let his pants drop to the floor.
The sound of Raymond's belt buckle hitting the carpeted floor with a loud 'thud' snapped Whitney back to reality. Her big brown eyes grew wide because she knew what was coming. She bargained with herself that if she gave him a blowjob, the older man wouldn't be able to get it up afterwards to fuck her.
Raymond's eyes were all over the Whitney's gorgeous heart shaped ass. She was only wearing her black heels and silver mesh earrings now. He saw her gaze at his six inch cock as he felt the supplement kicking in, making veins on his cock throb excitedly with lust.
Whitney quickly spun around and dropped to her knees. She feigned a gasp to inflate the older man's ego with his raging hard cock right in front of her face. He may have been twice her age, but the ridges of the throbbing veins outlining the smooth skin from root to tip showed that his cock pulsed with energy. He was also large for a Chinese man, though compared to the white men she experienced in England, Raymond was pretty average. Wrapping both hands around his six inch long and the inch and a half wide cock, she pretended to amazed that so much of his rigid cock remained from the grip of her tiny fists.
"Stroke it, that's a good girl." Raymond instructed, "Just like that."
Whitney did as Raymond instructed as his shaft pulsated wickedly in her hands as she stroked the smooth shaft.
"Like this?" Whitney cooed innocently like she never touched a cock before. If she got him off quick enough, she might get away with a handjob and the sooner he got off, the better. Dirty talk was something that Whitney refused to do with her lovers. It was something that she considered to be beneath her, yet desperate times calls for desperate measures as she tried her best at it.
"Don't pretend like you haven't done this before you little minx!!" Raymond scoffed, seeing right through Whitney's act, "You know what to do."
"You don't really expect a Miss Hong Kong to suck your cock, do you?" Whitney replied. The pink puffy tip of his shaft oozed a drop of pre-cum, and upon seeing this, she stroked his rock hard cock a little faster.
"Miss Hong Kong? So WHAT?!?!" Raymond laughed as he pulled his polo shirt over his head and exposed his soft belly, "You still have to suck cock like the other bitches."
"That's true, but I do it better than the other bitches." Whitney smiled and ignored Raymond's scalding comment. She chose to focus on the task at hand to make him cum and she teased, "Does this feel good?"
"It feels good, yes." Raymond replied, "Of course it feels good."
"Do I take good care of your big cock?" Whitney asked softly, twisting her fists as her hands were pumping up and down his shaft. She watched more pre-cum ooze from the tip and thought there might be a good chance that he would cum without her sucking him off. She used one of her hands to gently caress his balls while she stroked him, it was a move that Steven loved and Raymond clearly enjoyed it as well.
"Y-yes." Raymond stammered, "Suck my cock!!"
'What a demanding pig.'Whitney thought. She accidentally slipped out of her act, rolled her eyes and said without any hint of enthusiasm, "Oh thank you for letting me suck your cock."
"You remember why you're here, don't you?" Raymond asked the former beauty pageant winner. There was a look of hatred in her eyes when she glanced up at him. He held eye contact with her and said, "You're just another whore!"
Raymond's comments stung, but he was right. Whitney did remember why she was here. At one point in her life, she was an up and coming actress. It was her diva behavior and attitude that she was better than everyone else that ended her claim to fame. Her previous network took her back, but her greed thought she was worth more. That was how she ended up in the clubs trying to meet a rich guy. Fortunately, she was able to meet Steven. And he was the reason why she was here, she was doing this for him!
Tonight wasn't about her. Sure, Raymond wanted to fuck the former beauty queen, but that didn't matter to Whitney. What mattered was making Raymond happy for Steven's sake! In a more sultry tone, Whitney asked, "Oh I'm sorry, I didn't mean it like that. You know, it's not every day that I get to see such a BIG cock like yours and I got distracted."
Raymond couldn't help but let out a proud smile. Whether this whore was lying or not, her words were music to his ears.
"And these balls," Whitney continued, gently lifting up his hefty balls, "they're so heavy. Have you been saving it all up for me?"
Raymond nodded as he cleared his throat.
"Can I put it in my mouth?" Whitney cooed with a sly smile even though she really didn't want to. The repulsive man didn't shave his cock. Even if she closed her eyes and pretended that his cock was attached to someone else, his pubes would poke her face. That was one thing she hated about Chinese men, they never bothered to trim their pubes. Despite how she felt, she had to act like she adored him and that was something the former actress knew how to do. She pretended like his cock was the most delicious thing in the world and that she desperately wanted a taste. In a sweet tone, she asked, "Can you let me suck on your big cock?"
"Good! Very good!" Raymond laughed with a big smile on his face, "I always knew you were a naughty girl. You can stop pretending and show me who you really are."
"You want to see how naughty I am?" Whitney cooed as she ran her fingers up and down his hard shaft.
"Of course." Raymond grinned excitedly from the whole turn of events.
"Come with me." Whitney said standing up. She took Raymond by his cock and led him into hotel room. They passed the coffee table and entered the bedroom. In the corner was a desk and a black swivel office chair. She sat him down on the office chair and said, "You stroke yourself and I'll give you a show."
"That's more like it." Raymond said with a small smile of satisfaction on his face as he reclined in the chair with his legs spread as he stroked himself.
Strutting over to the bed as if she were in the pageant again, then looking over her shoulders at Raymond, Whitney smiled, "You cannot touch me and you can only touch yourself."
"Why?" Raymond asked dejectedly, "Why would I agree to that?"
"Simple," Whitney said, crawling onto the bed on her hands and knees. Grabbing several pillows, she rolled onto her back and aimed her neatly shaved pussy at Raymond. Then she slowly spread her legs and said, "I get really...REALLY...turned on when someone's watching me, why else do you think I like being on camera?"
Raymond nodded as his eyes roamed all across her body. He desperately wanted to fuck the beauty queen's cunt and pictured himself pounding her into the bed. If she wanted to put on a show for him, who was he to disagree? Maybe she was trying to get him off without fucking him? Maybe she really was an attention whore? Who knows? As he stared at the glistening pink slit between Whitney's legs, the significance of his questions disappeared. He was going to fuck her tonight. And tomorrow morning. That was going to happen even if she was playing games and he didn't care about anything else.
Whitney blankly looked at the ceiling as she blushed at her own secret confession. She was ashamed yet she had no choice. She was having second thoughts on fucking Raymond, whom she found revolting. Her original plan failed miserably, now her goal was to make him cum from watching her pleasure herself. If she accomplished that, she might avoid getting fucked. Her revised plan made her heart beat excitedly and made her pussy drip all over the bedsheets.
Raymond got up from the chair and went to the side of the bed for a better view of Whitney laying on her back. Her round tits were rising and falling with her breathing, her firm thighs were splayed wide and her black heels dug into the bed like an anchor. But all Raymond could focus on was his goal between her legs, her wet and glistening pink slit.
Whitney brought her right hand up to her mouth, she wet two fingers and then gently rubbed her clit. She worked her fingers in a circle and focusing on her clit while her left hand was squeezing her tits, tweaking her nipples to make them grow harder and longer.
"Roll over and let me see from the back." Raymond grinned and obviously enjoying the show. He was standing at the edge of the bed with his hands slowly stroking his raging hard-on, watching Whitney rubbing her pussy and squeezing her nipples.
Whitney rolled onto her stomach and closed her eyes. She kept head down on center of the bed as she sat up onto her knees. Lifting her hips and raising her ass, she spread her knees apart. She had one ankle at the end of the bed, the other on the side of the bed and her pussy was pointed directly towards the corner of the bed, right at Raymond. She used both hands on her pussy, one hand working her clit while the other stroked her slippery crevice from behind.
It took all of Raymond's willpower not to jab his cock into Whitney's pink cunt. It was the hottest thing he had ever seen.
Whitney arched her back, her hips bucked up and down like her cunt was searching for a cock to ride on. Rubbing her clit at a maddening pace, she jammed two fingers into her tight pussy and started hammering away. She bit into the mattress and dug the toes of her shoes into the bed to brace her body.
"Oh you dirty girl." Raymond murmured, stroking his cock as Whitney's hips were bucking and thrashing around on the bed. He moved closer to the corner of the bed between her calves. He got as close as he could to her cunt and he was very careful not to touch her. The tip of his cock was so close that he could feel the heat from her moist pussy and the breeze from her slamming fingers.
Raymond hadn't blown his load in a few weeks, he saved it all up for tonight. After taking the supplement, his balls were aching from being so full and they were yearning for release. He slowly stroked his cock, afraid that if he stroked any faster that he would've cum. Whitney suddenly bucked and writhed from a small orgasm, her hips raised slightly for a brief moment, then she collapsed down.
"Hey!" Whitney cried out meekly as soon as she felt Raymond's bare cock slide into her juicy cunt. She immediately shot forward and flipped over. She sat in the middle of the bed, her hands instinctively covered her tits and clamped her thighs clamped. She gave Raymond a stern look and spat out angrily, "No touching!"
"YOU fell back onto ME!" Raymond retorted and clenched hard to hold his cum back. His cock felt like a dam that was about to burst, but it didn't stop him from grinning at the 'accidental' slippage into her silky cunt.
Whitney's eyes threw daggers at Raymond as she stammered, "Y-YOU...YOU-"
"Me, me, me what?" Raymond asked laughingly. Part of him wanted to believe that she was as dirty as he wanted her to be and part of him suspected the little bitch was pretending all along. He was still slightly disappointed to find out that it was all an act. Then he turned the tables on her and said, "You said I couldn't touch you. You didn't say anything about you touching me."
"But -" Whitney began to protest.
"Look, you got your cunt juices all over my cock." Raymond said with his eyes wide, pretending to be mad. Wielding his hard cock in left hand, his right hand pointed at the tip glistening with her wetness.
Whitney couldn't believe the audacity of this man. He KNEW that he was too close to her and now he had the balls to spin things around to blame HER! She opened her mouth again to protest but Raymond waved his hand dismissively.
"I'll forgive you, only because I enjoyed your little show." Raymond said with a mock stern look on his face, "Don't let it happen again."
"FORGIVE ME?" Whitney raged, unable to contain her anger anymore. She jumped out of bed and raised her right hand to slap Raymond but he caught her wrist before she could connect it to his face.
Then Raymond backhanded Miss Hong Kong across the cheek.
"AH!" Whitney wailed, her head spun to the left, her body followed, she lost her balance on her heels and she crashed faced down on the bed.
"BITCH!" Raymond spat.
Whitney remained on her stomach and looked over her shoulder at Raymond as she covered her cheek. She had slapped numerous people in the face, but she was never on the receiving end no matter how much of a bitch she was. Just now, Raymond had slapped her hard enough that the right side of her face still stung.
"I'm calling the police!" Whitney grimaced.
"Go ahead!" Raymond dared as Whitney crawled up the bed and reached for the phone on the bedside table, "I'm sure the papers would love to know that a Miss Hong Kong had turned into a whore."
"You hit me!" Whitney snapped and held the handset to her ear.
"So? I'll tell the police that you tried to steal from me." Raymond grinned as he walked towards the phone.
"I didn't!" Whitney insisted and began dialing.
"Let me call the police for you." Raymond said picking up the handset and asked, "I think a lot of guys would like to know how much Miss Hong Kong charges for a night. How much should I tell them you tried to steal?"
Whitney shot Raymond a daring look and blurted out, "I'll say you raped me!"
"That's it?" Raymond smiled, "You came here on your own. It's all on the hotels security cameras. You think they're going to believe you?"
"Why wouldn't they?" Whitney exclaimed and paused at the last digit.
"You really are all looks and no brain, aren't you? Why else would a young woman go to a hotel with a man twice her age?" Raymond sighed, "You're jobless, beautiful and you came to a hotel all on your own. You know how many young women like you have laid on their backs and spread their legs for money in this hotel?"
Whitney knew that many actresses had indeed spread their legs for large amounts of money. Not many young starlets could resist the lucrative offers, even the ones that did resist eventually ended up on their backs. The explosion of China's wealth opened a lot of sexy legs in Hong Kong and the tabloids would kill for a story like this. She snatched the handset from Raymond and slammed it back down on the base.
"I thought you wanted to call the police!" Raymond laughed.
"What do you want from me?" Whitney sighed in defeated.
"You know what? Just leave." Raymond snarled, "You just as useless in bed as you were on screen, no wonder you're unemployed."
"What?" Whitney whimpered. Raymond's words hit a sore spot and her eyes began tearing up. Steven had accepted Henry's invitation for her to go to the PoleStar knowing what the real purpose of the invitation was. The plan that she and Steven came up with, getting Raymond wasted and pretending that she slept with him had failed disastrously. She also failed at jerking him off and now Raymond was telling her to leave. She had to make him cum one way other another, otherwise Steven could lose PoleStar as a client and neither of them would have enough money to survive.
"You're pissing me off. You're horny one minute, you get cold feet the next. You want to call the police, you don't want to call the police." Raymond said loudly, practically yelling. He was pissed. This bitch wasted his time and he was going to have to find another hooker to satisfy his needs tonight, "You don't want to be here right? Then leave!!!"
"You want me to leave?" Whitney whimpered.
"You're such a stupid bitch!" Raymond snarled, grabbing her by the wrist and dragging her off the bed, "GO!! Get out! I'll find another bitch to replace you!!"
"No!" Whitney begged and pulled her wrist free from his grip. She had to blow him or fuck him, whatever it took to make him cum. She had to do what Henry expected her to do, what her boyfriend Steven didn't want her to do and whatever this Chinese bastard told her to do. She couldn't let Steven down. She swallowed her pride and begged, "Please!"
"I've been very patient with you the whole night, I think it's time you to show a little gratitude." Raymond said as he stood between the bed and the TV while she was on her knees on the floor. After a few seconds, seeing that the dumb bitch still didn't get it, in an annoyed tone, he asked, "Are you stupid or are you smart?"
Whitney eyes met Raymond's. She could tell he was genuinely pissed and she had a dumbfounded look on her face that told him she did not understand the question. He let go of her wrist and repeated, "Are you stupid or are you smart?"
Staying on her knees, Whitney's brain was still trying to process Raymond's random question. She followed Raymond's gaze going down as he asked her again, "Are you stupid or are you smart?"
Whitney's eyes lowered to Raymond's six inch dick in front of her face. She clued in and quickly shuffled on her knees to position herself below his cock. She grabbed his hard cock with both hands and held it up against his body, the tip almost reached his navel and she noticed that his cock was much longer and harder than her boyfriends.
"Ahhh." Raymond sighed, his head fell back on the first flick of Whitney's warm, soft tongue to his balls.
"I'm smart." Whitney said, slowly licking her way up to the tip and leaving a wet trail along his throbbing shaft. If she was going to blow him, she was going to make sure that it was a blowjob that he was not going to forget.
Whitney cupped his balls with her left hand while her right hand held the shaft beside her right cheek. It was one of the many trophy holding postures taught to the beauty pageant contestants if they won the pageant. Except this time, she was not posing with a pageant trophy, she was lewdly posing with a man's cock.
Whitney's tongue fluttered on the underside of the tip as she waited until Raymond looked at her. Once his eyes were on her, she flashed him that pageant winning smile with her pearly white teeth as she began her new career.
"That smile, I think that's how you won the crown." Raymond groaned as he brushed the former Miss Hong Kong's dark, reddish brown hair. He had seen hundreds of pictures of Whitney in various poses wearing anything from a skimpy two piece bikini to a cocktail gown. But Whitney posing with his bare cock next to her face while she was down on her knees was by far the hottest sight his eyes had seen. But something seemed to be missing.
Then Raymond remembered. He smiled at Whitney, who was salaciously licking away on his shaft and said, "Give me a minute."
Whitney looked confused as Raymond walked over to his luggage, his hard-on swinging from side to side. He pulled out a small black tube that looked like lip gloss and a pink tube that looked like hand cream and tossed both onto the bed. The next thing Raymond pulled out, she instantly recognized. The silver crown was covered in sparkling diamonds, identical to the one she received when she was crowned winner of the Miss Hong Kong pageant.
The former beauty queen remained on her knees, her mouth hung open as she stared in disbelief at the approaching Raymond with the crown in hand. She had no idea how he managed to get the prestigious crown and she was flattered by his resourcefulness. Obviously he really wanted her to wear it.
Whitney had worn her crown on numerous occasions for Steven and he always seemed to cum faster whenever she had it on. It wasn't surprising though, it was a fantasy of many Hong Kong men to bed Miss Hong Kong. Except Raymond wanted that fantasy to become reality. As the lecherous old bastard placed the crown on her head, flattery turned into insult. Whitney immediately knew that it was a fake by the difference in weight.
Raymond had bought a replica of the diamond crown. The radiant diamonds were replaced with sparkling rhinestones, cubic zirconia replaced the larger stones and the silver was actually plastic painted silver. He smuggled the knock-off crown all the way from Guangdong to Hong Kong and in his excitement, he had forgotten to get it Whitney to wear it!
Whitney felt insulted and cheap, but she did not let it show. She re-adjusted the crown so that it sat properly on her head and flashed Raymond her pageant winning smile before her hands returned to his cock.
Raymond watched Whitney's face snuggle up against his aching balls, kissing and licking each one lovingly. Then her pink silky tongue slid out from her soft lips and the tip of her tongue touched the base of his cock.
"More tongue." Raymond said as Whitney flattened her tongue against his stiff shaft and licked up to the tip. He moaned when she pressed her lips and gave the tip a sucking kiss, "Good. You've sucked cock before, I can tell."
What Raymond said was true, it wasn't her first time with a dick in her mouth. Actually, she sucked a lot of it in England, driven by her insatiable appetite for white cock. The petite woman loved bringing the much larger white men down on their knees using nothing but her mouth. It was the ultimate sense of power. But here, this chubby Chinese man had Whitney shutting her eyes to block out the revolting image of his unshaven cock.
Concentrating on nothing else but the cock in her mouth, Whitney let her lips part and took Raymond's six inch cock into her mouth. Wanting this to end as soon as possible, she held her wrists together and her fingers caressed his swollen balls as she slurped and sucked on his shaft. As she was sucking, she was also pulling her head back and her cheeks were hollowing from the suction around the hard shaft. Going down, she was hungrily lashing her tongue along the length of his cock until her bottom lip touched his balls.
Raymond couldn't believe that the former Miss Hong Kong was shamelessly fucking her face on his cock. He also couldn't believe that the sparkling crown stayed on her head despite how fast she was bobbing up and down. He put one hand on the back of her neck to steady her and started using the beauty queen's mouth as his own personal fuck hole.
GLUCK! GLUCK! GLUCK!
The sounds of Whitney's throat fucking was filling the room as Raymond's other hand mauled her left tit. He pressed his palm against her nipple and squeezed her bare tit hard. Her rubbery nub stiffen in his palms as he continued to squeeze her firm tit.
"UNNNNGGGGHHHHH!!!!" Whitney whimpered helplessly as Raymond held her still. He was making her deep throat his length and tweaking her nipple between his thumb and forefinger at the same time!
"Oh yes!" Raymond laughed. He looked down at the beauty queen, excited by the sight of the cock sucking whore's lips stretched around the base of his cock.
"MMM!!" Whitney let out a muffled grunt but remained on her knees while she was being used like a complete whore.
"Almost!" Raymond said through gritted teeth. His fingers released her nipple and sent her firm but pliant tit bouncing up and down. He placed both hands on her head and his fingers curled in her reddish brown side-swept hair.
Whitney fought back. She took a step back on her knees but that only made Raymond buck his hips even faster. Each thrust into her mouth made her stumble back another step until she was pinned against the foot of the bed. Unable to back away any further, her hands pushed against Raymond's hips, but it was like pushing against a soft, crumbling wall.
The chubby 180lb Chinese man was fucking Whitney's mouth crudely. He held onto her head, bucking his chubby hips and nearly choking the younger woman as he tried to lodge his cock further down her throat. Whitney was pinned against the foot of the bed with a throat full of cock. She began to worry about how she was going to breath, then, she felt the base of his cock expand between her lips and she felt the spongy mushroom head swell up.
"I need to cum! I need to cum!" Raymond grunted over and over. His strokes became shorter and shorter until he was frantically fucking of Whitney's wet, velvety mouth. He looked down, her lips were tightly sealed around his jabbing cock and he felt her tongue struggling to lick the underside of the base of his cock. Somehow, she managed to keep the radiant crown on despite the brutal skull fucking.
"ARGH! ARGH! ARGH!" Raymond grunted hornily, literally pounding his cock into her throat, feeling his balls swell in the anticipation of emptying the large load of cum. Whitney's lips felt tight and slick around his cock, her tongue licked away the best it could in her crowded mouth and it pushed him over the edge as he groaned, "AAAHHHH!!! ARGH!!"
Whitney tilted her head back in time to create enough room for Raymond's cock to slide out of her throat as he unleashed a torrent of sticky cum on her tongue. Her hands gripped the few inches of his exposed cock to stop the spewing cock from plunging into her throat again. Feverishly twirling her tongue around the erupting mushroom, she was determined to completely drain the man. For her efforts, the pulsing cock rewarded the former beauty queen with another tidal wave of cum as Whitney continued licking greedily.
Raymond was in heaven. Whitney's tongue was madly licking the throbbing tip of his cock. It was an incredibly huge load, much bigger than any he had unleashed and he showed no signs of stopping!
Whitney tilted her head further back as Raymond filled her mouth to the brim with cum. Her hands tried to keep a firm grip on his cum slicked cock but he thrusted it back into her mouth. There was so much cum, her mouth was literally overflowing with cum and cum was inevitably pouring from her lips, dripping down his pumping shaft as she continued sucking.
"ARGH! ARGH! ARGH!" Raymond grunted as he mounted the bed and wedged Whitney's head between his thighs.
Whitney remained on her knees, bent over backwards until her shoulders sunk into the bed to support her and Raymond's weight.
"PHEW!" Raymond gasped as he looked down at Whitney, whom had her eyes closed. He gave her a few last thrusts to pump out the remaining drops of cum and grunted, "DAWL! MMMPPHHHFFF!!"
"MMMM!!" Whitney let out a muffled squeal and wiggled her head to free her mouth from his cock.
"NO! NO! NO! NO! NO!" Raymond exclaimed. She hadn't swallowed since he started cumming and he knew she wanted to spit out his cum.
Whitney instantly opened her eyes, her long lashes fluttered as she looked up at Raymond with pleading eyes. There was a steely look on his face that conveyed he wanted her to swallow.
"AH!" Raymond growled when Whitney tried harder to wrestle her mouth free from his cock. He lowered more of his weight and pinned her head deeper into the bed as he said, "You cannot do it. Forbidden to spit out."
"HMM?!?!" Whitney moaned with a cocked eyebrow. She never swallowed for Steven or for any guy that she blew. It wasn't because of the taste, that didn't bother her at all. It was because she found the act of swallowing to be beneath her and she wasn't going to start stooping low now.
"Forbidden to spit out." Raymond reiterated with a sterner tone. Whitney bared her teeth, threatening to bite and his eyes grew wide as he grimaced, "DAH! DAH! DAH! DAH!....NO! NO! NO!"
A few guys have tried to force Whitney to swallow. Whenever they did, she threatened to chomp on their joystick and they backed off. Her threat made Raymond lift some of his weight off of her and she took that opportunity to wriggle her head back a bit. She managed to dislodge a few inches of his cock from her throat and she tried to wriggle free some more.
"You have to keep." Raymond said and shoved his cock back into her mouth.
"RRRLLLYYYEEE?" Whitney asked with a mouth full of cock and bared her teeth once more.
"NO!" Raymond roared, "Forbidden."
"WHA?" Whitney asked, using her teeth to apply a bit of pressure to the hard cock in her mouth.
"FORBIDDEN!" Raymond scolded as he quickly pulled out of Whitney's hot mouth and dismounted the bed.
Whitney immediately leaned forward and sat up on her haunches.
"Hey! Hey! Hey! Stay here." Raymond said, putting his hand on her forehead and gently pushing her back onto the bed, "No!"
Whitney's shoulders rested against the edge of the bed as she looked up at Raymond with puffed cheeks and sealed lips.
"Stay here!" Raymond repeated loudly as Whitney leaned forward again, "You cannot spit out."
Whitney grinned at Raymond's persistence and she shook her head refusing to swallow.
"Yum yum." Raymond demanded as Whitney pursed her lips getting ready to spit out. He put his hand on her lower jaw to keep her mouth shut just as a strand of cum dripped from her lips. He raised his hand and demanded, "No, c'mon. C'mon, hey!"
With teary eyes and furrowed brows, Whitney sucked the gooey strand back into her mouth.
"C'MON!" Raymond ordered as he tightened his grip on her jaw. He was determined to make the pompous bitch swallow whether she wanted to or not, "C'MON! YUM! YUM!"
"Mmm-hhmm." Whitney moaned and gulped down Raymond's thick load. A single tear rolled down her face as the first load of cum ever in her life slid down her throat and into her stomach.
"Hey! C'mon!" Raymond said, still not satisfied. He released his grip on her jaw and told her, "OPEN! C'MON!!"
Whitney begged with her eyes. Raymond came so much that she only managed to swallow half of his load in one gulp and she was hoping that she could spit out the rest. But it was clear that he wanted her to swallow the rest. Whitney had a guilty look on her face as she opened her mouth.
"C'mon! Yum yum!" Raymond said insistently upon seeing her mouth half full of cum, "Yum yum!"
Whitney closed her mouth and gave Raymond a scornful look. She rolled her eyes and swallowed again.
"HAHAHA!" Raymond laughed gleefully, "You did it!"
Whitney pointed at her eyes as she looked at Raymond with a sad puppy dog face and pouted, "I cried."
"Why?" Raymond laughed uncaringly. He pretended like he did not notice the wet streak leading from her eyes. Then with a disbelieving undertone, he asked, "You cried? Really?"
"Ahaha." Whitney let out a forced laugh along with a fake a smile. She did not want give Raymond the satisfaction of knowing that he succeeded where other men failed. She knew he didn't care how she felt.
"Why, was my cum not good?" Raymond asked as though he were a world renowned chef that just served a world class meal.
"Hmm?" Whitney asked, wiping the tears from her face.
"You don't like my cum?" Raymond asked angrily like he was insulted.
"Oh yes, I like." Whitney lied with a smile. She was afraid that if she said she didn't like it, the cruel bastard would make her swallow even more. Surprisingly, the chubby man didn't taste as bad as she thought he would. His cum tasted slightly bitter and salty, but not overpoweringly so. The additional act of swallowing really didn't make her feel as bad as she thought.
"Oh you like." Raymond grinned, "First time swallowing huh?"
"Uh-huh." Whitney sighed coyly.
"Finish the last drop." Raymond laughed as he held his hard cock and stepped forward. Whitney leaned back hesitantly until her shoulders were up against the mattress again. Raymond pushed the tip of his cock past her lips and insisted, "Finish."
Whitney twirled her tongue around the tip and scooped up the last drop to satiate the horny bastard. She swirled her tongue on the underside of the tip to appease the man so they could call it a night.
"Yes, finish the last drop." Raymond sighed at the former Miss Hong Kong, who practically had nothing on except for the knock-off crown and her black high heels. The supplement he took helped him maintain a hard-on, but it did nothing to dull the sensations of the tip of his nerve filled cock. He pulled out while Whitney was in the middle of sucking and he complimented, "You know, you're fantastic. You know that?"
"Uh-huh." Whitney smiled happily now that her ordeal was over.
"You know that?" Raymond said as she nodded in response. Slapping his wet cock on her lips to punctuate each word, he said again, "You're just fan-tas-tic."
Flattered by Raymond's compliment, Whitney willingly parted her lips and let his cock slip into her mouth once more. Half of his cock was in her mouth when she said, "thang-que."
"MMMM." Raymond moaned approvingly while keeping his eyes locked with Whitney's big brown eyes as she nursed on his cock, "Wow, you are my favorite cock sucker. The best."
Whitney let out a muffled laugh. It was amazing what guys would say to get into her mouth again. She knew how to suck a cock and judging from the response from all the guys she blew, she knew she was good at it. Still, hearing someone compliment her on being 'his favorite cocksucker' brightened up her dark night.
Raymond laughed too because it was amazing how a little compliment could send women over the moon. Whitney grabbed onto his cock and pulled him out of her mouth with a wet SMACK.' The previous ice queen of Hong Kong's entertainment was now laughing and smiling as she kissed the side of his cock before she put it back into her mouth on her own.
"The best in Hong Kong." Raymond laughed as Whitney bobbed her head, "I'd like to get you in bed, I think you'll be fantastic."
"Mmm-hmmm?" Whitney moaned questioningly as she sucked Raymond's cock.
Raymond pulled his cock out of Whitney's sucking mouth. He glanced over to the champagne bottle on the coffee table and asked, "A little drink?"
"OK, yes." Whitney nodded with a smile. She could definitely use a drink. Tonight was the first time in her life that she was slapped and it was also the first time she swallowed. She DESERVED a drink.
"OK." Raymond replied as he brushed the side of Whitney's smiling face and gave her a few gentle slaps to her cheek before he walked over to the coffee table.
Whitney eagerly climbed onto the bed to take the pressure off of her sore knees while Raymond opened the champagne. He poured the bubbly crisp drink into the two glasses as she kept a watchful eye to make sure he didn't drop anything into her glass. He was naked, so he couldn't hide any drugs up his sleeve or anything. But still, she had to be careful. Many women had their drinks spiked unsuspectingly in Hong Kong and Whitney was not going to let her guard in front of this vile man to become a victim.
When Raymond turned around and handed her the glass, Whitney was relieved that he was civil enough not to drug her. Though relieved, she subtly inspected the glass for dissolving powders. The glasses were upside down when he picked them up, it was unlikely that he had them previously laced. Satisfied that her drink was pure, she took a gulp of the crisp cold champagne to cleanse her mouth from the taste of cum.
"You have been amazing." Raymond said, climbing into the bed next to Whitney.
"Thank you." Whitney smiled, taking another gulp from the slim glass. From the corner of her eye, she couldn't help but notice Raymond's unwavering hard-on. She quickly finished the champagne before he could ask her to give him some relief and excused herself, "I need to go clean up."
"Sure." Raymond said, taking a sip of champagne, watching Whitney roll out of bed and walk to the bathroom.
Once inside the bathroom, Whitney searched for the toiletries. She opened a drawer and found the complimentary toothbrushes and toothpastes. She rigorously brushed her teeth to rid the smell and taste of cum from her mouth. Satisfied that Steven won't be able to smell another man's scent on her breath, she left the bathroom.
"OH!" Whitney gasped, her hands covered her mouth and she stopped in her tracks. Raymond was laying in bed with a smug look on his face, his hands were behind his head and his cock was showing no signs of softening, if anything, it looked even harder than before!
"Something wrong?" Raymond asked with a Cheshire grin to the frightened young actress. He was glad he ordered the 'PoleStar Special.' The supplement was working wonders for his cock and it made him feel younger. In fact, he was feeling young enough to fuck all of her precious little diva holes.
"Y-you're...still hard?!?!" Whitney stammered incredulously as she stared at Raymond's cock. It was pointing to the ceiling like a rocket ready to launch.
"Can you blame me? You're the hottest woman to ever have won the Miss Hong Kong title." Raymond said excitedly without any signs of fatigue, "I mean, look at how flawless and gorgeous you are!!"
Whitney bit her bottom lip and blushed from Raymond's compliment. She stood at the entrance way into the bedroom with her right knee turned slightly inward, the ball of her foot twisted into the carpet while keeping her heel slightly off the ground.
Raymond was buttering Whitney up just to fuck her and seeing that she was responding to his comments, he continued, "Aw c'mon, I'm sure I'm not the only one to tell you that."
Whitney silently smiled at Raymond's silver tongue and she played with her hair. Sure, she received tons of compliments when guys wanted to get into her pants or when producers wanted her to play a certain part. However, she couldn't remember the last time her own boyfriend gave her with this kind of compliments, and that made her frown.
The horny old bastard could tell that his last comment struck a chord. Someone obviously was not giving Whitney enough attention. All this silly twat wanted was some attention. Well, now she had it, and it came with his throbbing hard cock.
"I need to call my boyfriend to pick me up." Whitney said and turned around before Raymond could say anything. She went to the door where she dropped her purse next to her mini dress that laid crumpled on the floor. She dug the cellphone from her purse and realized that it was not her phone. The cellphones were in a pile in the dark club and she must have grabbed someone else's cell phone by mistake when she left. She dialed Steven's number from memory and the phone rang until it went to voicemail.
"It's late, he's either drunk or asleep." Raymond called out from the bed. Although he didn't have a plan, but he wasn't going to let this little whore leave without fucking her first. He couldn't believe his luck, the odds were in his favor tonight. He just had to get the bitch to turn on her boyfriend, which wouldn't be difficult given the circumstances.
Disappointed, Whitney tossed her phone on top of her crumpled mini dress. She had no idea that Steven couldn't answer because he was downstairs in the hotel lobby, talking to the cops. Nor did she know that he nearly got arrested for trying to save her. All she knew was that she was doing this for him and was expecting him to wait for her call, even if he had to wait all night. It didn't matter now, he left her hanging.
"Don't worry about him. Come over here, you need to relax." Raymond called out from the bed.
"I can't believe he left me here." Whitney sighed as she stared at her phone.
When Whitney returned to the bedroom, she was visibly upset and Raymond seized the opportunity and said, "Maybe he's got something important to do."
"I want to go home." Whitney sighed. Raymond's words was fueling the resentment she was feeling towards Steven. Her boyfriend served her up to Henry on a silver platter knowing that she was going to sleep with someone. The least he could do was stick around to pick her up afterwards.
"I know, but it's late, and I couldn't forgive myself if something were to happen to you on the way home." Raymond reasoned, "A beautiful woman like you, travelling on the streets by herself at this time of night, that's how you get gang raped. The room has been paid for, you might as well stay and wait for him to call you back."
"He ditched me." Whitney pouted. Raymond was right though, she didn't want to end up on the headlines for being raped in one of Hong Kong's dingy alleys. So Steven had something important to do, did he? Fine. She put a hand on the wall to steady herself as she kicked off her heels.
"You look so elegant and sexy in those, put them back on." Raymond said coldly. He watched with a devious smile as Whitney played right into his hand and slid into her high heels. Fanning the flames, he added, "If you were my girlfriend, I wouldn't let you out of my sight."
"You're just trying to get me into bed." Whitney replied. This was Steven's fault, Whitney thought to herself,'Chance favors those who are prepared and you left me here you asshole.'
"Who wouldn't? You're gorgeous!" Raymond said with a deepening smile as Whitney joined him in the bed without any protest.
As they laid in bed, Whitney's attention was drawn towards Raymond's menacing hard-on. Her boyfriend couldn't get it up for at least 20 minutes or so after one of her blowjobs. Yet here was a man, twice her boyfriend's age with a hard-on after cumming. Curiously she asked, "What does it take to bring that thing down?"
"Your tight pussy." Raymond replied instantly, which made Whitney laugh.
"Seriously though." Whitney asked again, grabbing his solid cock, "It's still so hard!!"
"Like I said, you're stunningly beautiful." Raymond complimented, his hands were still resting behind his head, "Doesn't your boyfriend stay hard after you blow him?"
"Leave my boyfriend out of this." Whitney warned, stroking Raymond's length. Compared to Steven, he was almost two full inches longer and slightly thicker. She was hoping to land a wealthy expatriate but ended up with Steven instead. It had been a quite some time since she had a cock this long in her hands. In fact she can't remember the last time she's held one this big after leaving England.
Whitney's defensive answer gave Raymond more ammunition. Pressing on, he added, "I wouldn't be able to keep this thing down if my girlfriend looked like you."
"You're such a sweet talker." Whitney giggled.
"Can't you feel how hard it is?" Raymond asked, "Tell me you don't want this inside of you again."
"That was an accident." Whitney insisted and stopped stroking him.
"Then it's only fair that I get compensated." Raymond smiled.
"And how do you want to be compensated?" Whitney asked, letting go of his shaft. She knew what Raymond wanted and she came here prepared to give it to him. She and Steven were hoping to avoid it, but since her boyfriend left her hanging, Raymond's big cock didn't seem like such a bad idea.
"I'll do to you what you did to me." Raymond said flatly.
"Do you have a condom?" Whitney asked. She was on birth control and never made any of her lovers put a hat on their bat. This was her half-hearted attempt to back out. She had sobered up and as usual, the alcohol left her horny and needy. This was something her boyfriend was supposed to take care of had everything went according to their plan. Now, because Steven was doing something more important than picking her up, Raymond was going to substitute for her boyfriend. After all, Steven was prepared for her to get fucked anyways.
"Aren't you on birth control?" Raymond answered Whitney's question with a question. He wanted to ride her bareback, he had nothing to lose so he tried his luck anyway. If she wasn't going to let him, he would get the condoms from his luggage.
"Yeah but if you want to play...then you're going to wear it." Whitney purred, tweaking her nipple and rubbing her clit. Her mother had advised her that men will do anything to get between her legs. Whitney giggled as Raymond practically leaped out of bed and ran over to his luggage. She really was going to do this. Steven deserved it for not being here when she needed him most.
While Raymond rummaged through his luggage, Whitney grabbed the little black tube next to her, it looked like lip gloss and she opened it. Taking a sniff, she caught the faint smell of peppermint, not her first choice for a fragrance. She twisted the cap shut and set it back on the nightstand. She grabbed the pink tube next and she opened it. The hand cream like tube had a citrusy scent. She squeezed a small dab of the cream on her fingers and rubbed her fingers together. The cream felt very smooth, soft, and silky with a creamy texture that was not too runny or too thick, kind of like cum. It even looked like cum.
Raymond was busy searching for condoms so Whitney upended the tube and squeezed the slick fluid into her hand. Too much came out and she rubbed the excess between her hands and massaged the cream onto her breasts. Whitney pinched a nipple as her other hand slid across her flat stomach, smearing cream all over her slim torso as her hand slipped down to her mound.
A few seconds later, Raymond found the 12 silver string packets. He ordered them in from Japan and they were expensive. The condoms were super thin with extra thick ribs and each one was coated with a sensation enhancing lubricant on the outside, for the ladies. He tore one off and turned around. He saw the pink tube lying next to Whitney and an evil grin spread over Raymond's face.
"You used the whole tube?" Raymond asked in surprise. He didn't know how much she used, but she had used enough to make her tits glisten and he saw that she had one hand between her legs.
"Why? Does it make you want to punish this Miss Hong Kong's precious little pussy?" Whitney cooed naughtily, rubbing her slit and giving each nipple a tug as her skin absorbed some of the cream.
"You're going to be so sensitive," Raymond warned. He had ordered the tube of arousal cream from the states. According to the reviews, it made the sensitive parts drive women to the verge of maddening lust. He ripped open the packet and rolled the condom over his cock, "it will drive you crazy for more."
"What's going...OHHHH!!!" Whitney gasped, arching her back off the bed as her body was starting to respond to the cream's effects. The sensation on her nipples was taking her to a level of desire she did not know existed. She pinched her left nipple and gasped, "MY NIPPLES!"
"Even the lightest touch will make you moan." Raymond laughed evilly and continued laughing because Whitney's hand never stopped rubbing her clit. She was smearing the same arousal inducing cream that was on her tits all over her clit. He couldn't wait to see the cream take effect on her sensitive little button.
"Uh...my..n-nipples...ahhh...oh...oh.." Whitney moaned, thrashing her head from side to side while her entire body was trembling. Never had she felt her nipples become this erect, or this electrifying. The cream had a warm, tingly sensation on her skin as she became more and more aware of her breasts than ever before, particularly her nipples.
Raymond merely stood next to the bed and watched Whitney become lost in her own lust. He was planning to use the arousal cream to bring out her inner slut, he sure wasn't expecting her to use it on herself, especially such a liberal amount. Grabbing the pink tube, he said, "I'm not sure who's enjoying this more, but I know I do."
"What is t-this...stuff" Whitney moaned, collapsing back onto the bed trying to catch her breath.
"That...is an arousal cream. You love it, don't you?" Raymond asked. He lifted her hand that was rubbing her slit and pulled it slightly away from her pussy, not enough to stop her from doing the task at hand. He wedged the tube between her two moving fingers and her body and he squeezed out a generous amount. Then he returned the tube on the nightstand. In a matter-of-fact tone, he explained, "Your pussy needs to be nice and wet before it can take a hard pounding, I'm sure you know that, right?"
"AROUSAL CREAM?" Whitney repeated in horror. That explained why she was unable to stop herself. The additional cream was dripping down her slit and pouring over her stroking fingers. Her slick fingers went from stroking her pink slit to dipping inside her cunt. Her body responded to her penetrating fingers by grinding her hips round and round like she were grinding a cock.
"You will become so aroused, you will cream the bed." Raymond grinned, he sounded like an evil villain set on world domination, "Then you will want more of it."
"Oh! OH! FUCK...FUCK...FUCK..F-f-fuuccckkk!!" Whitney moaned in English, she dug her high heeled feet into the bed as she raised her body off the mattress until only her shoulders and head touched the bed. The cream was having the same effect on her clit as it had on her nipples. Whitney's pink slit was quivering and her clit was swelling up. Inside her cunt, the cream was making her nerve endings give off an intense sensation of pleasure, turning Whitney's soft moans into a scream in English, "OH FUCK!!! I'M CUMMING...S-SO...FUCKING...HARRRRDDDD!!"
"Oops." Raymond pouted his lips pretending to be apologetic. Although he didn't understand much of what Whitney said, he could tell she was having an orgasm and he said, "Maybe I used too much."
Whitney's orgasm was vicious. Her entire body was trembling from the over stimulation of her erogenous zones. Her lust gushed all over the bed and when she finished, her hips dropped down. Her fingers were curled upwards, pressed against her g-spot and when her hips dropped, the additional pressure on her g-spot sent her hips flying and she squirted again. The vicious cycle repeated itself as she bucked up and down.
Raymond was shocked to see Whiney bucking and squirting all over the bed as he grabbed his cellphone. Returning to the bedside and having his phone on record, he said, "Miss Hong Kong everybody. Where's that pageant winning smile?"
The former beauty queen's mind was so overwhelmed with lust, she forgot her surroundings. Whitney simply reacted to the question she had been asked so many times and put on her pageant winning smile. She was naked except for her black high heels and crown as she continued to lewdly buck up and down while she massaged her tits and fingered herself into oblivion. Even as Raymond recorded, less powerful squirts of her cum gushed from her pussy and onto the bed.
"Tonight, this pussy," Raymond narrated, bringing his phone in for an up close view of her fingers jamming in and out of her cunt. He had one hand holding the phone, panning up to her tits and one hand reaching out to grab her left tit. He pinched and pulled on her ultra-sensitive nipple and made Whitney gasp and come again, "and these tits are mine."
Whitney's body finally gave out and collapsed on the bed into a trembling mess. Her fingers were shaking just outside her slit and her other hand hovering above her tit was also shaking. Raymond set the phone facing down on the night stand, next to the pink tube and the black tube. He had no intention of filming himself.
"Please...no cameras..." Whitney panted breathlessly with her head turned towards Raymond. If any footage of what just happened leaked out, she would be ruined. Her first series of orgasm was the most powerful of any she's ever had. It was like a lifetime of her orgasms were combined together. And she's had more orgasms tonight than ever since she came to Hong Kong. Although she had faked it plenty of times with Steven, there was no faking here. She could smell her juices soaking into the hotel bed. Still gasping for air, she said, "N-no...no cameras...oh...I'm s-so...tired."
"I thought you liked being on camera." Raymond said, climbing into bed with the trembling beauty queen.
It was true, Whitney loved being on camera. She was always wet after filming. Even though it was her secret fantasy, she had never filmed a porno of herself for fear of it leaking out. There were too many scandals in Hong Kong involving actresses and she did not want to be one of them.
"Not like this...Not like this...not like a porn star..." Whitney said, catching her breath. Her hands stayed motionless where they were. The warming sensation of the cream was seeping into her pores, giving electrifying tingles everywhere it touched. She tried to remain as motionless as possible. Even breathing made her lady parts tingle with excitement. Cumming so hard was exhausting and addicting. She continued pleading, though in a softer voice now, "So good...so tired...please...not like this...I'm not a whore."
"Oh, but you will be." Raymond laughed. The effects of the arousal cream was supposed to last between 20 to 45 minutes, so he had plenty of time left. He leaned over on his side and he mashed his lips against hers as he thought,'She'll be in for a real treat tonight.'
Whitney wasn't expecting the older man to kiss her. Raymond's tongue parted her lips and danced around her tongue, causing her to stare wide eyed in shock at the ceiling for a second. Then she slowly closed her eyes and kissed back. She wasn't a porn star, but she felt like she was becoming one. And that thought made her wetter.
Raymond pulled back and said, "You're so sexy like this. Miss Hong Kong turned porn star, my porn star."
"I'm your little porn star?" Whitney asked, obviously turned on by the idea. She threw her arms around Raymond's neck and gazed dreamily into his eyes. She felt his hard cock poking against her ribcage. His cock reminded her of the tingly sensation she was feeling. Turning on her side, she reached down between their naked bodies and wrapped her hands around his cock. She could feel his cock pulsating through the condom and she thought out loud, "Everywhere is throbbing and my pussy won't stop leaking."
"You can feel it now, huh?" Raymond's evil grin returning to his face. He nodded down towards his cock and rolled onto his back, "Is this what you want?"
"Yes." Whitney plead eagerly. She lifted her long, slender leg off the bed and swung it over Raymond's body. She whipped her head to one side to flick the hair from her face as she knelt over him. The gorgeous 23 year old beauty queen took hold of the leather headboard with both hands as she looked out the window above the bed and soaked in the view of the dense city. Hong Kong's skyscrapers were closely staggered together and she hoped that no one was looking into their suite as she shimmied along Raymond's body until all six inches of his raging hard cock was underneath her.
"Say it, tell me you want my cock inside you." Raymond said with his hands behind his head. His phone was still recording the audio of their night in case the bitch cried rape.
Whitney's eyes roamed up Raymond's chubby body, then back down to his engorged cock. It looked like his cock was even longer and thicker than before, and Miss Hong Kong never wanted anything more in her life. She locked her eyes with his as she slowly bent her knees and lowered herself slowly onto the pleasure giving rod beneath her. The spongy tip of Raymond's hard cock touched her hungry pussy, sending a shiver throughout her body and she plead, "Fuck me."
As Whitney dropped her weight down, Raymond's hand quickly pulled his hard-on towards his body, rubbing the tip against her slit and purposely missing the entry. Pushing his luck further, he said, "Beg me."
Whatever pride Whitney had left was slowly being shredded and ripped apart by the vile old man. Her reflection was in the window above the bed and it was staring back at her with the darkness of unlit buildings in the distance. She used to be the one who fucked others, but now, desperate and out of options, she was the bitch who was getting fucked.
Whitney did not care anymore, she no longer had a sense of shame and all she cared about was satisfying the empty lust growing within her. She grabbed his cock and she used the plump head to spread her juicy slit. Feeling her pussy stretching around the swollen tip, Whitney begged, unabashedly, "Please fuck me."
"Patience young lady." Raymond said. He held onto his shaft and gave the desperate whore only enough for her to feel his girth as he continued, "I know you are a very horny girl. You want me buried in you? Make you feel full? You want my hard cock shoved deep inside you? If so, say it."
"Yes, I do. I want it." Whitney sobbed. She wanted and didn't want his cock at the same time, it was such a sweet torture, "I need it. I feel so...so horny. Fuck me...FUCK ME!!"
"You don't sound very convincing." Raymond said, ignoring her pleas and he continued, "I need to make sure that you won't say something silly like I raped you or drugged you."
"No. I won't!" Whitney cried, shaking her head side to side. She was barely able to take it anymore, "I WON'T!!"
"Then tell me you want to get fucked like the naughty girl you are." Raymond teased and tugged on his cock until his swollen tip popped out of her cunt, then he pressed it against her clit as he popped it back in. He did this several times to tease the young woman as he said, "Tell me you are mine and that you will do anything to make me cum."
"I want to get fucked like a naughty girl." Whitney rocked her hips back and forth as she knelt straddled above the older man's raging hard cock. Her soaking pussy was eager to be wrapped around the spongy tip of his cock nice and tight, "I'm yours and I will do anything to make you cum."
"Good girl," Raymond said with a smug grin, "that's how you should be. Now, put some lube on my cock."
Whitney leaned over to grab the lube. Her hand paused for a split second and almost accidentally grabbed the pink tube of arousal cream again. She was already far too sensitive for anymore and she grabbed the black tube thinking that it was lube. In her haste, she didn't even read the label as she automatically twisted off the cap and squeezed out a quarter size drop from the tube into her hand.
Raymond let go of his cock and his hands returned to the back of his head. He laid there watching her rub the clear gel into her hands, then quickly stroking his condom covered cock, coating the entire shaft with copious amounts of the gel. The unsuspecting 23 year old was eagerly applying the deep penetrating arousal gel down row after row of the stimulating ribs on the condom.
When Whitney was done, Raymond looked perfectly at ease, obviously wanting her to do the work of lowering herself down his straining length. She raised her hips until the thick tip pushed against her slit and then dropped her weight.
"Oh my...FUCK!" Whitney gasped as her elastic lips gave way, the well lubricated cock easily speared her core as she lowered onto his hot shaft. This was it, she was having another guy, someone not her boyfriend's hard cock penetrating her. That thought disintegrated when her pussy exploded with pleasure.
Raymond had a sinister grin on his face, in a few minutes, the beauty queen would turn into a slut from the wicked concoction in her cunt. She had applied an arousal cream from the pink tube in the beginning. And now she added a dangerous amount of another arousal gel onto his cock. According to the reviews on the internet, the black tube was affectionately nicknamed 'clit crack' because that's basically what it was. The label warned to only apply a pea sized amount of the deep penetrating gel externally and that it would take about five minutes for the gel to be absorbed. In her haste, she lathered the 'clit crack' onto the arousal enhancing lubricant that was already on the condom!
Yet Whitney thought Raymond as grinning because her tight pussy was enveloping his cock. Licking her lips, the stunning Miss Hong Kong began taking deeper breaths as she sank further down. She was lowering herself towards another inevitable orgasm, she knew it...but she couldn't stop. She felt the first rib on his condom covered cock slide past her stretched slit. Her slit stretched over another rib that marked another inch that entered her. Then a third rib, then fourth and then she had five inches of iron hard cock filling and stretching her pussy. The most humiliating thing was that she was starting to enjoy the old man's cock. The five inches Raymond had in her felt like a baseball bat compared to her boyfriend's!
Raymond watched Whitney's eyes scrunch shut with almost his entire cock jammed up in her cunt. The condom was coating the insides of her pussy with the triple mix of sensation amplifying lubricant, cream and gel that would multiple her pleasure 300 times.
"AH!...AH!...AHHHH!" Whitney grunted. She could barely breathe from being so stuffed with cock. Raymond's cock was hardly the largest she's ever had, he wasn't even all the way in yet and for some reason, it touched places she never knew existed. Her pussy was feeling warmer and warmer, which brought her onto another level of need. She had to take him deeper in order to fill the void she felt.
"You're so sexy," Raymond said, admiring the beauty queen riding him cowgirl style. Reaching up to grope her breasts, he occasionally pinched her nipple to make her gasp, "You're the hottest woman I've ever fucked. You were born for porn, that's it, you're almost there, don't fight it."
Whitney's eyes were glazed over from sensation overload. She came only a few minutes ago when she tweaked her nipple and fingered herself into a spewing orgasm that filled the entire 28thfloor with her high pitched screams. Now she was on the verge of another orgasm.
'I'm not fighting it. I love it so much I can barely breathe.'Whitney thought to herself as she bit her bottom lip and dug her French-manicured nails into the leather headboard. Every time Raymond pinched her nipple he sent two small orgasms exploding from her breasts. She was shocked by how quickly he yanked his hips back and buried the final inch of his throbbing cock into her in a single hard thrust.
"F-FA-FUCCKKK!!!" Whitney screamed, tilting her head back as she was completely sitting on all six inches of Raymond's fuck rod. Her pussy had fully absorbed the triple blend of arousal agents and it was too much pleasure for any woman to endure. Her head fell forward, she gripped the headboard so tight that her knuckles turned white as she came.
"Oh...ggaaahhhhhh!!!" Whitney gasped as the gushing juices from her orgasm soaked the bed again. She had never felt more alive or sexual before. The 23 year old couldn't imagine that a man twice her age could thrust into her with such strength and with such a hard cock that he made her cum right there!
Raymond let the panting Miss Hong Kong catch her breath for a few moments.
Whitney finally understood why so many young women preferred older men. She lifted her head and looked into Raymond's eyes, her eyes sparkled with pleasure as she breathed, "You're very big!"
"Bigger than your boyfriend?" Raymond asked, sounding completely sure of himself as he slid his hands down to her bare thighs that were on either side of him. He squeezed her firm, slender thighs and ran his hands along her smooth skin.
Whitney nodded in response. Truth was, Raymond wasn't much bigger than Steven, but he definitely felt better for some reason. Stuffed with six inches cock, Whitney stayed straddled on his lap and let his hands explore to the inside of her thighs. His thumbs brushed the area around her clit, promising to touch the one spot she knew would set her off. She groaned in disappointment when his hands slid up to her hips. She could feel every ribbed inch of the condom on his hard cock inside her core as it pulsed, throbbed and reached places that haven't been reached in a long time.
Raymond pulled her hips forward, the sensation of the ribbed condom rubbing against her hypersensitive pussy caused her to lean back. Then he pushed her hips back and the sensation returned tenfold. Her long, reddish brown hair was dangling down her back, swishing back and forth in sync with her hips. Whitney was enjoying the intense pleasure and she began rocking her hips forward and back, faster and faster. She released the headboard and sat up straight as she rode him. She used her hands to massage her breasts and then her eyes immediately focused on the light that just came on across the street.
The light was coming from a window several floors above the one they were on. Whitney looked in horror at the silhouette standing by the window. Then as quickly as the light came on, it went off. The distance between the buildings were too far for anyone to recognize her. The headboard was blocking any view of whom she was riding, but through the glass, whoever it was could probably see her in all her glory.
The lust crazed 23 year old woman could not have stopped her hips if she tried, but the circumstances of giving a live sex show to whomever was in the window flooded her mind. Her imagination ran wild with the possibility of being watched. She was sure they could see her groping her bouncing breasts. It was too far for anyone to see her face and there was no point to pretend that nothing was going on. They were strangers if anything and it felt so good to scratch the itch between her legs. She was excited from being in such a scandalous predicament.
"I think someone's watching us." Whitney said with a sparkle in her brown eyes and a slight smile spread unconsciously across her soft lips. Here she was, the winner of the Miss Hong Kong pageant on a hotel bed, impaled on a chubby older man's six inch hard cock.
"Then you should put on your best performance." Raymond laughed as the gorgeous woman was eagerly fucking herself on his cock. He could tell from the way Whitney's eyes were glimmering eyes as she gazed out the window that whatever she saw, it made her ride him at a faster pace. He sat up and leaned forward, his lips mashed into hers and they kissed.
Whitney's tongue darted into his mouth and their tongues danced passionately. She wrapped her hands around his neck while he grasped her slim waist. She brought her knees up so that her hot, horny body was squatting on his cock and continued fucking herself up and down his length. Her smooth, long legs were on either side of his body as she rode him hard and fast. Toned and strong by hours spent at the gym, she fucked herself on his big old cock.
The mental images of men staring at her lecherously while she bounced up and down on Raymond's cock flooded Whitney's mind. The images caused her to have the longest orgasm she's had all night as she broke the kiss and gasped into Raymond's ear, "YESSSS!!!"
Raymond would have blown his load right then and there had Whitney's cunt not been clenching so tightly around the base of his shaft. He wrapped his arms around her trembling body as she came and mashed her soft, firm 33D tits against his chest.
"Ohhhh.." Whitney moaned softly with Raymond's throbbing cock buried in her core. And her pussy still cried for satisfaction. As soon as the ripples of pleasure subsided, the hot 23 year old continued, "Ohh...this is what you've...umm...wanted all night...ohhh...isn't it? Ohhh...Miss Hong Kong...riding your big...C-COCK!! OH!...are you...hap-py...now? Watching me...b-bounce on y-your...big...OH...cock!?!?!"
"My friends...said...Hong Kong women...were the greatest whores." Raymond said between gritted teeth. He tried his best not to blow his load into the condom as Whitney filled, emptied and re-filled her pussy with his cock. He could feel her heavy breasts jiggling between their bodies as this incredible whore rode his six inch cock for all she was worth.
Resting her forehead against his, Whitney stared into his eyes and smiled, "Your friends were right."
Whitney's words made Raymond smile. His hands slid down her back and gripped her bare ass. Then he slapped her firm, tight ass and said, "You're the best whore I've ever had."
The slap caused Whitney to yelp. She pulled Raymond's head against her chest and buried his face between her tits as she asked "How does it feel to fuck Miss Hong Kong?"
Raymond's reply was to pull his hips back, then shove his cock balls deep into her.
"UGH!" Whitney screamed with pleasure. Her hands gripped Raymond's short, salt and peppered hair. She yanked his head back as she wrapped her smooth, long legs around his pudgy waist.
"A woman with a body like yours deserves to be fucked," Raymond snarled and jerked his head forward. Punctuating his next two sentences with a slap on each of her ass cheeks, he added, "Fucked well. And fucked often."
"Slap me again and I'll slap you!" Whitney warned and brought her right hand up to Raymond's face as a threat. But that didn't stop her from bouncing on his cock, sliding his big cock in and out of her tight cunt. Every rib on the condom felt so incredibly good, too good to stop.
Raymond grabbed Whitney's raised wrist and spun it behind her. She raised her left hand but he leaned back onto the bed and pulled her on top of him and spun her left arm behind her back. With his left forearm between her right arm and her body, his hands firmly grasped both her slim wrists and pinned them behind her lower back.
"You're so rough!" Whitney said with a hint of guilty pleasure. She bit her bottom lip as her cunt involuntarily clenched around Raymond's cock buried balls deep inside her. Once again, she was on her knees, though now she was leaning forward.
Raymond ran his right hand along her smooth thighs, then he gave a quick hard smack on Whitney's bare ass and her pussy clenched again.
"Ugh." Whitney moaned softly as Raymond's hand made her ass cheeks ripple again. The 23 year old beauty queen's submission to the older man was growing, but she was fighting it. She was afraid that he would notice that she was getting off on it and she turned her face away. But her choice of words betrayed her as she gritted her teeth, "Don't make me cum like this!!!"
Raymond anchored his foot into the bed and started fucking her hard. Pounding his cock in and out of her like a jack hammer.
"Raym...wait...please...O-O-O-OH!!" Whitney wailed, realizing that he wasn't going to stop fucking her. Waves of pleasure radiated out from her pussy. With every thrust, despite how revolting she found Raymond to be, her pussy was creaming more and more around his cock. The ridges on the condom were rubbing against her walls and it felt so fucking good as he thrust in and out, over and over. She began slamming her hips down each time he lifted his hips, fucking herself harder and faster. She bit into his shoulders and let out a muffled whimper, "FAAAHHHKK!"
"You like that?" Raymond asked with a tight voice as he pounded away. He could feel the condom slipping as her tight pussy literally was pulling on the ribbed condom. Thankfully, her cunt was well lubricated and the condom didn't slip entirely off.
"YES!" Whitney cried out, teetering on the edge of another orgasm, "Oh!...uh!..OH!"
She was getting closer to cumming, her body was trembling in preparation for another orgasm when suddenly Raymond released her wrists. He pulled her arms down to her side and he rolled both of them over. When she was on top, she had some sense of control. Not now. Not when the pudgy man was on top of her and she was on her back as he was frantically shoving his hard cock in and out of her in long strokes.
Whitney thrashed her head from side to side uncontrollably as her hips tilted up to meet each of Raymond's thrusts. How the older man could last so long at such a pace, she would never know. Her boyfriend always came within minutes, hardly long enough for her to get wet. But fucking this older man was way more intimate than with her boyfriend. It was like Raymond knew exactly how to please her.
Now on his knees, Raymond let go of her wrists and he pinned her knees on the bed to make her hips tilt up. Her thighs were quivering from the strain on her legs as he was slamming away, undulating his hips and making his cock stir her cunt. For the first time tonight, she saw what he was doing to her bare cunt.
"UGH!...UGH!" Whitney grunted, her eyes fixated on his cock. Her pussy was frothing and coating his length with her cream. She was too absorbed by his cock slamming in her to notice it before, but now she could hear the wet squishing sounds from Raymond sliding in and out of her drenched pussy. Her slick cream was clinging onto every ridge on the condom as it glided into her again and again.
"I'm going to...I'm going to..." Whitney screamed and grabbed Raymond's hands and pulled them over her round tits. Her hands squeezed his into her firm and soft breasts as he slammed into her and held his cock in her pussy. As he leaned back, Raymond's thumbs and forefingers caught her long, rubbery nipples and pulled on her sensitive nubs. The tension on her nipples made her scream, "CUMMM!!!!"
"UGGHH!!!" Whitney gasped. Her hands slammed onto the bed and she gripped the sheets tight while her body convulsed in pleasure. Her back arched off the bed and her long, smooth legs were wrapped around Raymond's waist like he was a lifeline to her pleasure. She may have a boyfriend, but as a woman, she could not help but fall in a little bit of love with the man that made her cum like this.
As the beautiful Miss Hong Kong writhed beneath him, Raymond shared her sentiments as he was buried balls deep in her pussy. He was relishing the sweet sensation of her pussy clenching and unclenching along the length of his shaft. He released her tits and they jiggled freely, slightly bouncing up and down. Then he grabbed her right leg and swung it onto his shoulder.
"Don't...stop..." Whitney panted as her orgasm faded away. She was laying on her side with one leg around his waist and another over his shoulder.
She didn't have to tell him, Raymond didn't want to stop. He didn't ever want to stop fucking the 23 year old slut, but she was tensing up again. He sensed that she was on another verge of orgasm and he held onto her leg that was on his shoulder a little closer to his body, then with his right hand, he reached between her legs. His thumb began strumming her clit like a guitar string, her juices were lubricating his thumb, enabling him to strum faster and faster as he resumed plowing into her again.
"OH! YES!! RIGHT...T-THERE!! UGH! Y-YES!! D-DON'T...S-STOP!!" Whitney wailed with her upper body thrashing on the bed. She had no idea that older men were capable of such strength and stamina, nor did she expect his cock to be dominating her body into surrendering.
Raymond had no intention of stopping, he felt so full of energy and life. He smiled through his gritted teeth as he looked down. Whitney's pussy was squeezing all around his cock again like it was trying to milk cum from him, her beautiful face was a contortion of ecstasy and her big 33D tits were jolting forcefully with each of his thrust. The 'PoleStar Special' supplement was laced with caffeine and he had every intention of fucking this sexy Miss Hong Kong for as many hours as he could.
"I...I'M...I'M CUMMING...A-AGAIN!!!" Whitney screamed. She gripped the sheets so tight she thought it would rip. The springs of the mattress squeaked vigorously in time with their movements, emphasized by her screams of joy as Raymond made her cum again.
Downstairs in the hotel lobby, Steven finished dealing with the cops. He was thankful that the man he attacked was more interested in getting laid than pressing charges and the cops let Steven go. He reached into his pocket and pulled out his cell phone. The screen cracked during the brief scuffle upstairs. Unaware that his girlfriend had called him, he debated between waiting in the lobby and trying to find a cellphone repair shop at this time of night.
Steven decided to fix his cell phone first thing in the morning when most of the repair shops were opened, but until then, he figured that it would be best to wait in the lobby. Whomever Whitney was with would probably sleep until morning, at which point, she would pretend that they had sex and she would come down to the lobby. Confident that things would work out, he sat in one of the lobby chairs. Little did he know how wrong he was. He had no idea that 28 floors above him, Raymond was pushing his six inch cock into his beloved girlfriend for over half an hour, fucking her absolutely senseless.
'Steven never should have brought me to the club.He never should have let you touch me.'Whitney thought as Raymond brought her leg down and turned her onto her side. She thought only white men fucked with that kind of stamina. Turning her head to face Raymond, she gave him a scornful look as she thought,'You made me swallow your cum.You slapped me.And oh god...I think I like it.'
Raymond flipped Whitney over onto her stomach. She didn't resist when he reigned back on her hips and pulled her into a doggy style position. At that moment, Whitney realized she would do anything to keep his pussy pleasing cock inside her insatiable cunt. It served Steven right, what did he expect after delivering his girlfriend to the PoleStar like cattle? Not to mention leaving her stranded at the hotel knowing full well that she was going to get fucked. She felt no guilt whatsoever as she let Raymond do as he please.
The naughtiest smile crept over Whitney's face as she scanned the building across the street, trying to see if the silhouette was still there. It was too dark to see into any of the windows, but if anyone were watching, they could definitely see into her well-lit hotel room. That thought made her pussy clamp down tight around the base of Raymond's cock. She snapped out of her reverie when he slapped her ass. She reacted by rocking back and forth, causing the bed to creak as she was forcefully slamming herself on his cock.
"Awww...your cock goes in so much deeper than my boyfriend's." Whitney groaned, tilting up her head as far as she could to look across to the next building. The closet exhibitionist was so focused on finding the voyeurs across the street that she did not notice Raymond had put his thumb onto the base of his cock.
When Whitney slid forward, Raymond's wedged his thumb between the condom and his bare cock. He left his thumb there as she slid back onto him. Each time she rocked forward, his thumb pushed the ribbed condom gradually up his cock. Whitney's pussy was so tight that it was tugging on the condom bit by bit, slowly pulling it off his length.
Raymond grinned from ear to ear at the sight of the condom hanging onto the tip of his cock, the end was snagged around the plump head. He rested his hand on the small of her back as he withdrew his cock entirely and yanked the unraveled condom off. He discarded the thin stretchy rubber onto the bed and in one powerful thrust, he slammed all six inches of his bare cock into Miss Hong Kong.
"OHH!" Whitney yelped, turning her head back with a lustful smile. She didn't know that the only thing that stood between her pussy and Raymond's bare cock was uselessly laying bunched up on the bed. She had not suspected anything or else she may not have been so eager to slam back hard onto his cock. All she knew was pleasure as she was undulating her hips and grinding against him.
Raymond reached underneath Whitney and grabbed two handfuls of her firm, swaying breasts. Squeezing her soft tits, he fucked her as hard and as fast as he could. The one woman he never thought he had a chance with was wearing nothing but a cheap knockoff crown and a pair of black high heels as she laid underneath him. She screamed and moaned while he repeatedly pounded her tight, wet cunt. His fingers dug into her firm tits as his strokes got harder and shorter until he collapsed.
"OHHMMM!!!" Whitney cried, falling forward with Raymond landing on top of her.
"Who's better?" Raymond asked in a clenched tone next to Whitney's ear. The triple blend concoction of arousal enhancing worked both ways, and although the effects were fading, it still made his bare cock more sensitive. Exhausted and laying on top of her, he continued humping her.
"YOU! Ohhhh...yeessSSSS!!!" Whitney groaned loudly, her voice filled the spacious hotel room as her hands clawed the bed, "H-HARDER!! HAR-DER-RRR!!"
Raymond happily accommodated the stunning girlfriend. Her screams were almost drowning out the loud squeaking of the bed as he was pounding her into it, driving her hips deep into the mattress. His hands were squeezing her firm breasts, making her hard nipples press into his palms as he was plowing into her drenched pussy like a jackhammer with short, sharp strokes.
"K-KEEP GOING!! KEEP...GOING!!! A-ALMOST!!" Whitney moaned loudly and nearly screamed out each word as her eyes stared out to the building across the street. She could feel her orgasm rapidly approaching as her reflection was staring right back at her.
"I should stop." Raymond said, pausing his hips when he was balls deep inside her. He knew how much she wanted to cum, he could barely hold back himself, but he had her right where he wanted her now.
"NO!" Whitney cried as Raymond gave her tits a hard squeeze before he slipped his hands out from under her. Pumping her hips up and down against his, she cried, "Don't stop!! Keep going!!"
"You want me to make you cum?" Raymond asked and sat upright with the beauty queen pinned beneath him. Whitney nodded, making her crown sparkle in the light as she tried bucking her hips. His hands gripped her slim waist and pinned her down into the mattress, "Beg me. Beg me to make you cum."
Whitney's eyes grew wide at Raymond's demand. The proud Miss Hong Kong never begged for anything, not even when she returned to her old network after her failed acting stint. Then, ever so slowly, Raymond began to withdraw his cock as she struggled with herself. She was so close!
"I want you to know something." Raymond sneered, slowly returning inch after inch of his hard, bare cock into her tight, hot pussy.
"Mmmm.." Whitney whimpered hornily as Raymond slowly withdrew. She turned her head around to face her tormentor as he gave her another excruciatingly slow thrust.
"I'm about to cum." Raymond said simply. He was slowly rocking his hips, his balls were raking across the insides of her smooth, bare thighs and he added, "So you better hurry."
Whitney's gorgeous face was the epitome of lust and pleasure. She wanted to cum and there was not much time before he blew his load. She looked into his eyes and chose her words carefully, "I'm begging you...please...make me cum."
"I can use my fingers again for that." Raymond said, his lips forming a horny smile as he leaned forward. His face was next to hers and his body hovered over hers as he began feeding his cock into her hungry pussy.
"Please make me cum with your cock." Whitney said breathily, looking over her shoulder and staring desperately into his eyes.
Even though his eyes lit up upon hearing Miss Hong Kong's request, Raymond whispered, "Louder. I want everyone on this floor to hear that I didn't rape you."
"Please fuck me...I swear...I promise...I'll scream so loud...everyone will hear." Whitney said each word loudly and slowly as Raymond intertwined his hands over hers. She waited for him to respond and after a few seconds, she caved. No longer caring who was going to hear her, she gave into her lust and screamed, "PLEASE...FUCK ME...FUCK ME UNTIL I CUM...FUCK ME LIKE MY BOYFRIEND CAN'T!!! GIVE ME YOUR BIG COCK!!!"
Every hotel guest on the 28th floor heard a woman scream. They heard her screaming how some guy she was fucking was better than her boyfriend, how she begged for this man to make her cum and how she begged for him to fuck her.
"Oh, and one more thing." Raymond said. He felt like he was going to cum just hearing the prim and proper Miss Hong Kong's announcement. He pulled their hands under her chest and felt their combined weight crushing his hands and he quietly sneered, "The condom slipped off."
Whitney's eyes shot wide open in horror as Raymond resumed pounding her, cutting her off before she could say anything. She was on birth control and with the exception of Steven, she always made men wear a condom. Her boyfriend was the only guy who insisted on wearing a condom even though she didn't make him wear one. Steven felt better doubling up on precautions just to be safe. The tingling in her body clouded her mind as her pussy was stretched and filled. She felt dizzy as an orgasm was about to rip through her.
"OH! DON'T...STOP...PLEASE...DON'T...STOP!" Whitney begged passionately as Raymond repeatedly and relentlessly drove his six inch long cock deep into her clenching pussy. Her toes curled in her heels as her hands balled into a fist on the bed.
"ARGH! ARGH!" Raymond grunted over and over. His face was red from exertion and his body was covered in sweat as he buried his six inch cock into her welcoming hole. His hips gave one final hard thrust, then he clenched his jaw and groaned, "I'm cumming!! I'm cumming inside you!!!"
"I'm going to cum...I'm going to CUM!" Whitney screamed, she didn't hear a word Raymond said. Her mind was too absorbed in her own pleasure. Her pussy warmly welcomed his bare cock like it was her boyfriends. She felt his cock swelling within her, stretching her pussy as he collapsed on top of her trembling body. He clung onto her and mashed her big tits into the bed as load after load of cum was pumped into her unprotected pussy and she screamed out loudly in ecstasy, "KEEP GOING!!! YES...YES....OH YESSSS!!!!"
"AAAAAAHHHHHH!!!" Whitney screamed as a warm wave entered her core. Her eyes rolled, her back arched and her body convulsed. More waves of warmth surged into her pussy as she tightly grasped Raymond's hands. For the first time in her life, a man's hot, sticky cum was crashing against the walls of her pussy, surging deep into her in big, powerful spurts. Her eyes stared vacantly across the street as spurt after spurt of cum continued to spurt into her. Her voice filled the void hallways of the hotel as she screamed out in pleasure, "UUGGNNNHHH!!!"
Feeling a man cumming uninhibited inside her was either prolonging her orgasm, or giving her an infinite stream of orgasms that matched every spurt from his cock. Whitney could not tell which and it didn't matter. It felt like someone shoved a hose in her and turned it on full blast as Raymond's cock throbbed and pumped out waves of hot, gooey cum into her.
Raymond felt her pussy clamping down on his cock, gripping his throbbing shaft like a fist, milking him and pulling every last drop of cum from his cock. After full a minute, Raymond finally finished cumming. He pecked the young 23 year old woman on the cheek and he whispered breathlessly, "Tonight, I'm going to fuck all your holes."
"Ohhhh...wouldn't you like to try." Whitney moaned challengingly. She squeezed her cunt to tease him and Raymond twitched his cock in response. His cock was still hard and pulsing inside her, but after cumming twice, she knew Raymond was done for the night. She was done for the night and she was half his age!
"Don't you worry, I will." Raymond said huskily, resting on top of the former beauty queen while she remained on her stomach.
"Mmmm." Whitney moaned writhing underneath him. She wondered why she had ever bothered to make men wear condoms. Bareback felt so much better than when they emptied into a flimsy condom. Her pussy felt completely well fucked and filled with cum, yet she still craved for another load. Just thinking about having another cock spurting cock inside her was enough to make her moan, "I can feel your cum...I can feel it in me..."
The tight bond between their naked bodies was trapping all his cum inside, mingling with her own wetness. It was only when Raymond leaned up from Whitney's back and began to pull out that the dam broke. The suction created by his withdrawing cock was pulling out some of his cum as well as Whitney's. Miss Hong Kong's pink hole was pouring out the white syrupy blend of their cum as it was splashing her inner thighs and onto the bed as well. The white pool on the sheets only represented a portion of what remained inside her.
Raymond's soaked cock flopped down between her ass cheeks as he admired the beauty queen laying on the bed, basking in her post orgasm state. Despite the royal fucking he gave her, he was impressed that the silver crown managed to stay on her head. An accomplished smile spread across his face, he never would have imagined that Miss Hong Kong would be such a slut. If only the judges could see her now. She looked so relaxed, so satisfied and so full of cum. That famous pageant winning smile that earned her the title for Miss Hong Kong was now on Whitney's gorgeous face again as she smiled with absolute content.
The weight of Raymond's heavy cock resting between her ass cheeks made Whitney raise her hips in anticipation. Anal was her deepest, darkest secret fantasy. She loved the idea of it, yet she was afraid to share it with anyone, even her boyfriend. She thought about telling Steven, however, he never hinted an interest to it and it was far too embarrassing to reveal. She kept it to herself and satiated her fantasy with sex toys. Her post orgasm bliss mixed with the effects of the arousal cocktail gave her the courage to indulge in her dark fantasy. The beauty queen arched her back, looked over her shoulder at his cock and then she winked at him.
"I know." Raymond laughed in surprised. He thought that Whitney was impressed by his ability to maintain a hard-on after cumming twice. As she was raising and lowering her hips, his cum was bubbling out from her pink slit like a white geyser and lubricating the underside of his cock as it slid between her cheeks. He leaned down over her, kissing her soft, luscious lips briefly before sitting up. He raised his hips and was about to climb off of her when she flipped over, then she slid down between his legs until her head was under his hairy balls.
Whitney had an up close view of Raymond's rigid shaft, it was covered in her cream and strands of his cum hung from the shaft. Even his balls had droplets of her cream mixed with his cum, making them look like two large grapes with morning dew. Using both hands to hold up his shaft, she lifted her chin to bring her mouth below his sack and began to clean it.
"Wow." Raymond moaned, resting his hands on his hips and tilting his head back as Whitney was slurping on his balls.
Miss Hong Kong really was his slut tonight.
Whitney was love smitten by Raymond's rock hard cock and its unwavering rigidity throughout her tongue bath. The stunning 23 year old used every technique she knew. Her tongue licked, slurped and lapped along his shaft. The taste of their combined fluids was a mouthwatering experience and something she did not expect. She had never tasted herself or another woman, yet as she worked along Raymond's erection, somehow, the deplorable act transformed into something enjoyable for her.
Raymond thought he died and went to heaven. Whitney took his fat tip into her mouth, her lips wrapped around his cock head while her tongue twirled round and round to give it a good polish. Every twirl from her velvety tongue made him shudder from over stimulation. It was almost too much for him to take. Although the PoleStar supplement kept him hard, it did nothing to dull the sensitive of the nerves on his cock.
Whitney enjoyed toying with Raymond, however, she had other ideas for his cock. Sliding up the bed, she grabbed the pink tube from the nightstand and flipped over onto all fours. She squeezed out a copious amount of arousal cream between her middle and ring fingers and then she dropped onto her shoulders. Her hands reached back and slid her fingers down her enticingly taboo hole.
Raymond watched in shock as Miss Hong Kong ran her fingers around her pink, tiny rosebud in small, deliberate circles. Even in a sexually liberated city such as Hong Kong, anal sex was an unspeakable act. And there was no way Raymond was going to turn down the opportunity to ravage the former beauty queen's forbidden little ass.
The middle aged man scurried up the bed and knelt behind the much younger 23 year old. Raymond rested one of his hands on her slim waist as she slipped a finger knuckle deep into her own asshole. Raymond's other hand reached down and lined his cock up with her ass.
Whitney glanced over her shoulder at Raymond and tossed him an innocent look that conveyed 'oops' as she pushed her slim finger further into her ass. She turned her head to face the window at the building across from them and the exhibitionistic Miss Hong Kong smiled naughtily at the remote possibility of getting caught. They would be easy to see in the well-lit hotel room. Anyone on a floor above theirs could see them, that is, if they hadn't already.
As Whitney daydreamed, Raymond became impatient and he could no longer wait for her to pull out her finger. He shoved his cock into the next best thing while he waited. The naughty smile from Whitney's reflection in the window was disappeared as all six hard inches of cock slowly sink into her cum dripping pussy. He could feel her tight, hot pussy stretching around his cock as each inch slid into her.
Raymond grabbed onto her firm ass cheeks to spread them wider for a better view as he resumed fucking her slowly. Her hot pussy sucked and gripped his sensitive cock so tight that he almost came each time he withdrew. He had to go slow as he matched his strokes with her finger as it plunged in and out, in and out. The sensations of sliding in and out of her slick, tight pussy was almost too overwhelming, especially since he came not too long ago and it forced him to go as slow.
Whitney's eyes grew wide from the double penetration. It felt like Raymond and her finger were much bigger than they really were.
Raymond couldn't believe that he was actually fucking a Miss Hong Kong winner, and the hottest one at that. For a third time that night, Whitney's moans and high pitched squeals of pleasure were filling the hotel suite. No matter how overly sensitive his cock felt, Raymond was determined to fuck the young beauty queen for all she was worth.
Many men would have paid a large amount of money to fuck Whitney. The question of how much the triads paid her did briefly cross Raymond's mind and he had no idea that the triads only paid for the hotel and nothing else.
Whitney pulled her finger out of her ass and gripped the bedsheets with both hands as she stared hornily out the window. Anyone could be looking right at this moment. It was funny how things turned out, she had dreaded tonight and here she was, on all fours on top of a hotel bed, her hands balled into a fist as she gripped the white bedsheets while Raymond, a man almost twice her age, slowly buried his long six inch cock into her from behind.
Raymond spread her ass cheeks as wide as he could on the out stroke, then, pretending as if he slipped up, he pressed the spongy tip of his cock against her tiny asshole. He was expecting her to jump forward, but much to his surprise, she didn't. Instead, she pushed back onto his cock.
"AH!" Whitney inhaled sharply as Raymond ventured where no man had gone before. She had hoped that he would, but she couldn't stop herself from seizing the opportunity to live out her fantasy. He was much thicker than the toys she was used to, and when he did finally sink in, she gripped the sheets so tight her knuckles turned white.
'Too much.'Whitney thought, her asshole was clenching just below the crown of his cock. The head alone made her feel like her hips were being pushed apart as she thought,'He's too much!!'
At first, Raymond remained motionless to give her time to adjust. Then he toyed with her, giving her small strokes, gradually working more and more cock into her fit body. He was enjoying the way it cut her breathing off each time he plowed deeper. He still could not believe that his cock was buried inside this angel's precious asshole. Gripping her ass cheeks like they were handle bars, he began moving her like she was his hump toy. He only needed half of his cock to make the entire hotel floor hear her moans.
Unlike her toys, Whitney couldn't stop Raymond. He kept going until he needed to let her stop screaming so she could breathe. This obviously made Whitney quite nervous and she tried to take control by crawling up the bed. Her attempt to overthrow Raymond's reign over her asshole failed when he scooted forward.
Not to be discouraged, Whitney put her feet in front of Raymond's knees and her torso fit snugly between her thighs. She was essentially squatting while leaning forward with her hands and feet supporting her weight on the cushy bed. Her hands were extended as she grabbed onto the headboard once again. Feeling more in control, Whitney let her heels sink into the bed as she sank further down Raymond's cock.
Raymond let her control the rhythm, knowing she would eventually undo herself now that her back door was opened. She did not even fight him, in fact, he had a feeling that she liked having this forbidden door opened. She had worked two thirds of his cock into her tight asshole and his size was obviously making her knees weaker the lower she sank.
Raymond's hands moved to Whitney's tits and pinched her rubbery nipples. She reacted by tilting her body back towards him and she lost her grip on the headboard. The unexpected shift of her bodyweight to her legs made them give in a little too much and she felt him go too deep into her ass.
Whitney's world spun from the intensely powerful pleasure that radiated through her asshole and her moans turned into screams as she came. Raymond's shaft acted like the third leg of a tripod and kept her upright while she trembled in her high heels. The louder Whitney's moans got, the harder she felt Raymond's shaft stiffen. Her arms were flailing frantically until Raymond hooked his arms around hers and pinned her biceps at her sides as he held her bent forward.
Now it was Raymond's turn to be in control. He saw the reflection of Whitney's face with her mouth hanging open, he didn't care that he didn't fit, by dawn, he will.
Whitney howled. The old bastard ruthlessly added more inches into her ass and fucked her to ever increasing heights. The added length caused her to raise onto her tiptoes while she was squatting on his cock.
"You came from getting your ass fucked?" Raymond growled softly between clenched teeth. He hooked his right arm between her right arm and body, then his hand grabbed her left bicep to keep her arms behind her back. That left his left hand free to caress her stomach as it slid down.
Whitney bit her bottom lip and nodded. Five solid inches of hard, thick cock in her ass was more than she could bare. Raymond reached that deep pleasure point in her body that no one had ever been to and she was loving it. If she knew that anal sex could be this amazing, she would have begged her boyfriend Steven to fuck her ass.
"Hahaha, you ARE naughty!" Raymond laughed.
"Yes, spank me." Whitney sighed heavily. She tried to lean forward but Raymond held her back.
"No, spanking is not what I have in mind." Raymond replied as his hand squeezed her juicy cunt. He used all four fingers to slowly rub back and forth across her slippery slit as he thrust the remaining inch into her ass. If the other hotel guests didn't hear Whitney before, they definitely heard her getting ruined now.
"OOHHHHH!!" Whitney screamed. She didn't know what felt better, Raymond completely buried in her ass or his fingers rubbing over her clit. All she knew was the overwhelming urge to cum again.
"You like having me in one while I play with the other?" Raymond asked and kept his cock buried in her ass.
"Yes," Whitney breathed as she looked at Raymond's reflection, "make me cum again."
"Be careful what you wish for." Raymond sneered at Whitney's reflection in the window. Her face had the look of being at the limits of pleasure, and then being taken beyond. And the funny thing is, he was only getting started on her ass.
"UNH!" Whitney squealed as Raymond's fingers started fanning across her slit in a frantic pace.
"I'm going to make you cum alright." Raymond grinned, feeling her slippery little love button sliding across each of his fingers.
"That's...t-too...t-t-too..." Whitney screamed as her entire body tensed up from over stimulation. She tried to climb off of Raymond's cock, but each time she slid up, her legs gave in and she fell down on to his entire length.
"Sensitive?" Raymond asked. He punctuated his question with a slap to her wet mound, then he resumed without missing a beat. His fingers returned to fanning her slit from side to side as she bounced up and down on his cock.
"Y-y-yesss-s-s-s." Whitney stammered, it was too much pleasure and her brain thought it was going to overload and pass out.
"You can scream all you want, but there is no stopping now." Raymond said, grinding his cock into her. There was darkness in his voice when he asked, "Is it too much for you to bear?"
"You're going to...ohhh...hhnnngg...I'm going...." Whitney screamed. Her head was thrashing frantically and desperately as her body started shuddering, "Oh...Oh..(SLAP)...OHHhh"
Raymond gave the bitch a quick slap on her bare, juicy cunt just before she came. Then he resumed swiping his hand on her cunt, prolonging the waves of orgasm. By now, he was positive that everyone on their floor heard Whitney announcing her orgasm.
Whitney bucked her ass back to drive as much of Raymond's cock into her as possible as her pussy exploded in a mind shattering orgasm. The quick, sharp slaps he gave her bare cunt turned it into a wet mess.
"AHHH!!" Miss Hong Kong screamed as her asshole clenched around the middle aged man's cock. The entire world exploded in rapturous ecstasy as her second anal orgasm brought on by Raymond's cock ripped through her body. Her legs pushed against the mattress when she squirted and threw her back against Raymond.
As they fell, Whitney's lust shot out of her body like an arching stream of pure bliss that hit the window above the headboard. Raymond's hands lost their hold Whitney's body as he crashed backwards into the bed, his cock slipped out of her ass and flopped onto his stomach.
Whitney managed to plant her hands on Raymond's chest to break her fall. She propped herself somewhat upright when she landed. She was facing the window and kept her horny eyes on the building across the street as she spread her long, smooth legs and placed her feet on either side of Raymond's legs.
Raymond let out a sinister smile when Whitney reached behind herself to grab his cock and line it up to her ass. As she lowered down on his cock, she placed both hands on his chest and her tiny little fuck hole clenched his cock even tighter than before.
This was the turning point of the night. There was a sudden change within Whitney that took place as soon as Raymond fucked her ass. Her eagerness told him that she desperately wanted and needed to have her ass pounded. The effects of the arousal stimulants that he used on her would have worn off by now and her behavior was no longer induced by them, this was all her.
Whitney wanted a good, hard fuck in her ass to reach that massive orgasm she felt. She had no idea that this was literally the moment where she would pass the point of no return.
Across the street from the hotel, Miss Hong Kong's debauchery was being recorded by a video camera set up against the window. The triad boss known as Snake could not believe what was he was watching on his laptop. It was common for the triads to use blackmail tactics against celebrities and politicians, though none of the women were nearly as hot as Whitney. Sitting in the dark room by himself, Snake hooked up the live feed to his laptop to watch Miss Hong Kong getting fucked. And he was glad he did.
Up until now, Snake thought Whitney was getting fucked in her stuck up cunt. Now that the jewel of Hong Kong was in the reverse cowgirl position, he could see her bald wet, quivering slit swelled up like a juicy fruit as she took it up her ass better than any of the whores in all of brothels that he ran. This was not what Snake expected to happen, but the fact that she seemed to be really into it certainly made it worth jacking off to.
The former actress's pleading eyes were glazed over in lust. The most sought after cunt in Hong Kong's film industry looked so gorgeous, her face showed the strain from her ass getting stretched, mixed with the look of pleasure as the older man slammed up into the young beauty.
The former beauty queen's spasming cunt was pointed directly at Snake's camera and she presented a pretty picture of cum flowing out of her sweet pussy. Gooey white cum was dripping down from her slit and onto the thrusting shaft below, providing ample lubrication as the old guy fucked her ass.
Snake was disappointed that he could not hear the audio through the glass, he would have preferred to hear Whitney's screams of joy live. He was glad to have planted cameras inside the hotel room, at least he could sync up the audio later. Initially, it seemed to be overkill to have so many cameras, now he wondered if there was enough. The amount of editing he was going to have to do to create a porno would be a nightmare. It would all be worth it though, Miss Hong Kong's debut was guaranteed to be a hit seller on the black market.
In the hotel, Raymond was having a sweet time with Whitney massaging his meat with her tight, young, anal loving ass. She was such a piece of heaven, rolling her hips round and round. He could tell she was tiring out and he put his hands on her lower back to help support her body. Then taking over, he was slamming all six inches of his cock in and out of her backdoor.
Even with Raymond supporting her, Whitney's arms were getting tired. After a few more strokes, she fell backwards onto his round body and she panted, "Ohmph!"
Raymond chastised himself, wishing he had the muscles to continue thrusting while Whitney laid on top of his body. However, he did manage to move his hips an inch or two for a few pathetic thrusts before he gave up. The physically unfit man was not strong enough to fuck the beauty queen in the current position, so he rolled them over on their right side and his cock slipped out during the process.
The pudgy middle aged man moved at an astonishing speed to straddle over the younger woman's right thigh. Whitney swung her left leg over Raymond's shoulders as he clung onto her elevated leg. His hands ran them up and down her smooth, firm leg as he slid back into her ass. Every stroke made more cum overflow out of Miss Hong Kong's well-fucked slit and dribble onto the mattress below.
Whitney massaged her tits with one hand while her other hand gave her clit a little bit of self love. The thrill of possibly being watched fed the hungry exhibitionist side of her and caused her to turn her head to the window.
Much to Snake's dismay, all he could see was the man's backside and Whitney's beautiful face. Her eyes were looking directly into the camera lens as though she knew. There was no way she could see him from between the buildings, not when he had to use a zoom lens. The camera was zoomed in to capture Whitney's big brown eyes and her open mouth as Raymond ravaged her ass. Her flushed face showed the camera that she was enjoying every second of it.
As Raymond pounded away, Whitney sensed that someone was watching them. The combined humiliation and thrill made her rub her clit faster and faster. Staring at the window, the faint reflection of the brightly lit hotel room layered over the dark building across the street.
Raymond reached out and cupped both her bouncing breasts in his hands. The sensation of his balls raking across Whitney's smooth, bare thighs with each thrust, her skin was every bit as smooth as he had imagined and it was too much to take. It didn't surprise him that he was ready to cum so soon, especially since he had Miss Hong Kong underneath him, taking every inch he gave her, squealing and mewling while her stunning body shook uncontrollably from the onslaught on her ass.
Raymond was panting, his hips speeding up to fuck the gorgeous young woman. His balls were working overtime, churning out another batch of cum and loading the creamy batter into his shaft. Slamming balls deep into Whitney's asshole and squeezing her tits as hard as he could, Raymond grunted as his cock started spurting, "UGH!!"
Whitney felt Raymond's cock expand, followed by the first load of his hot, sticky cum shooting deep into her virgin ass. She frantically rubbed her sweltering clit, she was so close to the edge and each additional spurt of cum surging into her ass brought her that much closer. Her slit was quivering uncontrollably, splattering her juices down her thighs as she turned her head into the mattress and bit into the sheets.
Miss Hong Kong's entire sultry body tensed up for a second, then broke into a shudder and shake. Her dainty fingers clutched her precious cunt as she came again.
Raymond tensed up for a few seconds longer, panting and trying to catch his breath. He had successfully filled both of the younger woman's lower orifices with cum.
Whitney had taken a liking to having someone ream her ass. It felt so much better than any of the dildos she played with. Wriggling her butt, she was surprised at how hard she came and how even now, Raymond's cock was making her ass tingle. For a moment, she wished he never stopped, then Raymond ruined their magical moment.
"AAHH!!" Whitney cried out. That blissful feeling she felt turned into an ass churning madness when Raymond slid completely out of her ass in one quick motion.
Snake's eyes were wide open as he watched the screen on his laptop, Whitney's body was racked with spasms of pleasure. He was wondering if Miss Hong Kong really did come from taking a load of cum in her ass. Both their bodies were gleaming with a sheen of sweat from a night of fucking. After a minute or so, the pudgy man dropped her leg and pulled out. Snake's chair crashed onto the floor with a loud bang as he rushed to the camera to zoom in on the money shot. He made it just in time to capture the white cum pouring out of Whitney's ass and trailing down to the mattress. Next, he zoomed out a bit to show that both her holes had cum flowing out and soaking into the sheets.
Raymond withdrew his cock too quickly and turned Whitney's tightest hole into a gaping, twitching pink orifice. He admired his handy work with a smack on her ass. Leaving his palm on her ass, he flipped her over onto her stomach and smacked her other cheek. Then with both hands, he spread her cheeks apart and squeezed into her soft and supple flesh.
'What a fucking whore.'Raymond thought as he grabbed onto her ass cheeks like handle bars. He lined up his rock hard cock and then ruthlessly rammed into her gaping hole in a single stroke.
Miss Hong Kong squealed in delight as Raymond plowed into her hard and fast and without pity. She held onto the end of the bed, grunting, whimpering and squealing away as she got fucked in the ass again. She had no idea that a short, pudgy man like Raymond had so much stamina. She was feeling the power of the seemingly unfit middle aged man as he resumed slamming into her, causing her ass to ripple and her tits to bounce underneath her. The bed was squeaking as testament to the man's endurance, threatening to break any second.
The cries of Hong Kong's beauty queen, lost in the throes of depravity and lust, filled the hotel room. Even the hallways echoed with her screams, leaving no doubt in any one's mind that a woman was thoroughly being fucked. The other guests on the floor were surprised by the duration of their marathon fucking session. As far as anyone could tell, it was some random, cheap, easy, greedy slut that some lucky guy picked up at the club. They would have been even more surprised had they known who was getting fucked, and in which hole.
Whitney was, unfortunately or fortunately, on the receiving end of Raymond's lust. The man wasn't married, he had no girlfriend, and to make matters worse, the heavy Internet censorship in China prohibited porn. All Raymond had for relief was jerking off to the contraband he seized in his ports. And on especially lonely nights, he would visit an underground brothel where the prostitutes weren't nearly as hot as Whitney. But tonight, he was channeling all of his lust and frustration into his cock, pounding it deep inside the lovely Miss Hong Kong's sweet ass.
'Nothing is sweeter than a bitch desperate and out of options.'Raymond thought as he pounded her ass doggy style. However much the triads paid her for spending the night with him, she was going to earn it. She kept that pageant winning smile on her face while he did whatever he wanted to her ass. The bitch enjoyed two more body wracking orgasms before he was finally out of breath.
Raymond didn't cum this time. His balls were so spent they ached. Although he was still hard, he was exhausted and had literally nothing left in him. Shakily, he pulled out of the ravaged beauty queen while she laid panting on the king size bed after the most intense fuck she had ever had in her life. His hard cock slipped out from her well-fucked and well-lubricated hole and he swung around to sit on the edge of the bed. Raymond was a heaving mess, his hands were on his knees for support and he doubled over like he finished a marathon.
Whitney was laying down and her head was hanging over the foot of the bed. Her long, dark reddish brown hair was spread around her face as she enjoyed the feeling of having her fantasy satiated. She remained on her stomach, too tired to move as Raymond stood up and walked unsteadily to the bathroom. She heard him turn the shower on and she thought about leaving.
What surprised her more was that she stayed on the bed instead of running for the door. Whitney couldn't wrap her head around tonight's events. She was a beautiful, elegant, cultured, well spoken, and sophisticated young woman. She was the epitome of grace and poise of femininity, yet tonight, she turned off her brain and surrendered her body to this deplorable man and she performed unspeakable acts, the same type of acts she did not dare to hint to her boyfriend as to how much they turned her on.
The older man -- almost twice her age -- was everything opposite to what Whitney found attractive. She didn't know what it was about Raymond, he was definitely not someone she had any attraction to, he was old, arrogant and fat. But the man could sure fuck. As her mind weighed in the pros and cons between her boyfriend and Raymond, she slowly drifted off to sleep.
Raymond stepped out of the shower and toweled himself dry. When he entered the bedroom, Whitney's long, reddish brown hair had the 'just had sex' flair to it. Amazingly, her crown stayed on her head despite the condition of her messy hair. Her face was flushed, her eyes were closed and she had the most satisfied look on her face.
The pillows laid scattered on the floor, the sheets were a complete mess, not to mention the puddles of Whitney's juices where she repeatedly came. There was no mistaking what had transpired in the hotel room, and it was going to suck for whoever that was going be cleaning it.
Raymond rummaged through his luggage for his pair of dark blue khakis and he skipped the boxers. There was no need for them, he was only going to go downstairs for a smoke. Stuffing his hard-on into the khakis, he was glad that the dark color helped to hide his hard cock. He threw on a white wife beater, slipped into a pair of flip flops, grabbed a pack of smokes, a lighter, his cellphone and then he headed for the door.
ZZZZZ....ZZZZZ
The unmistakable glow of a cellphone vibrating on top of Whitney's black mini dress caught Raymond's attention. The dress laid crumpled on the floor next to a black g-string by the door. He bent down to pick up Whitney's g-string and stuffed it into his pocket as a souvenir. He was about to stand up when the cellphone buzzed again.
ZZZZZ....ZZZZZ
Picking it up, Raymond saw that there was a bunch of text messages.
Henry: 'Hey Whitney, you grabbed Michelle's phone by accident.We left your phone at the club.Michelle's freaking out because Angel doesn't really know anyone in Hong Kong and Michelle has no way of reaching her.Drop off the phone atthe club tomorrow morning.'
Next text was from Angel:'See what you've been missing Michelle?Look at this big white cock, it's almost the size of my face!'
There was a picture Angel's face next to Stewart's hard cock made Raymond let out a lecherous smile.
There was another text.
Angel:'Finally got my big white fucking stick =)'
The picture was of Angel riding Stewart in a reverse cowgirl position. She held the camera up high to capture both their faces.
The photos made Raymond smile, mainly because he could use them as leverage against Stewart. He was also smiling because he saw that his cock was as big as a westerner's. He forwarded the pictures to himself, then he deleted them from Michelle's phone. Raymond shook his head in disbelief at his luck tonight. He opened the door and left the hotel room to take the elevator.
In the hotel lobby, Steven had fallen asleep over the course of the night. The elevator's chime woke him up and his head snapped towards the sound of the elevator doors opening. His heart was racing because he was half expecting Whitney to step out of it. When he saw a 50 something year old man wearing a wife beater, blue khakis and flip flops, Steven's heart sank. The older man happy strode past him and went outside. Steven groggily watched him light a cigarette and then he decided to join him outside. He didn't typically smoke, but it had been a very long night.
"Good morning." Raymond heard someone say in Cantonese from behind. Turning his head, he saw a young man in a white shirt with the collars undone underneath a black suit.
"Good morning." Raymond replied in Mandarin when he noticed that it was bright outside. He took a drag from his cigarette and he smiled, he had literally fucked Miss Hong Kong all night.
"Could I get a smoke from you?" Steven asked in Mandarin and joined the man on the sidewalk.
Raymond exhaled a plume of smoke and thought for a second. The young man looked like he went through a rough night and because Raymond was in an exceptionally good mood, he handed the young man his pack.
"Thanks. It's been a long night." Steven smiled. He took out a cigarette from the pack and returned the pack to the stranger.
"It's written all over your face." Raymond said and pulled out his lighter for the younger man.
"Yeah, I'm waiting for someone." Steven said, "You look like you've had a good night though."
"Haha. I've a wonderful night." Raymond laughed.
"Really?" Steven smiled, taking a draw from his cigarette.
Raymond nodded and took another drag on his cigarette.
"That's good." Steven exhaled.
"Last night, I slept with the hottest woman ever." Raymond boasted. Exhaling, he outlined an hour glass figure in mid-air with his hands and continued, "Big tits, small waist, nice ass. Not a single strand of hair on her cunt either. She let me do EVERYTHING! I mean EVERYTHING. I even fucked her ass. Best part is, she LOVED IT! Hong Kong has the best whores in China."
The old man's description reminded Steven of his own girlfriend. For a second, Steven felt jealous, he never thought about fucking Whitney's ass. She probably wouldn't have let him anyways, she would never stoop so low as to having anal sex. Yet the look on the old man's face couldn't have been happier. He missed his girlfriend and he wondered how her night went. He wondered what this stranger's partner looked like, but he stopped himself. Steven chastised himself for trying to envision the hooker the old man was talking about. Shaking his head, Steven thought,'Heck, I couldn't ask for more.Whitney's perfect.'
Raymond tilted his head up to the sky as he babbled on mindlessly, "Can't believe I fucked her all night."
"You fucked her all night?" Steven questioned as Raymond took another drag. He never lasted long with Whitney, they might have a few rounds before he was physically taxed, but not literally all night. There was no way he could, not with Whitney being so hot. And here was a man that looked almost old enough to be his father, claiming to have fucked some beautiful woman all night.
Raymond nodded as he exhaled. He heard the tone of doubt in the young man's voice. He pulled out the tiny black g-string from his pocket and showed it as proof.
They were standing on the streets in broad daylight and Steven blushed when the stranger held the stringy cloth in his fingers. Steven hurriedly motioned for the man to hide the embarrassing cloth before he noticed that the black g-string looked like one that his own girlfriend had.
Stuffing the g-string back into his pocket, Raymond smiled as he recounted his night, "Came in her mouth, then in her pussy, then in her ass. No condom either. The bitch was leaking cum out of every hole before I came down here."
"Wow." Steven said, that was all he could say. He took a drag on his cigarette and exhaled. He thought about the risk this man took. Even though Whitney was on birth control, Steven always insisted on wearing a condom to be safe. Neither of them wanted to have a kid yet. But Steven couldn't help but wonder what it felt like to cum without a condom.
"I'm going to fuck her again once I get back up there." Raymond declared and then chuckled, "I haven't decided which hole yet."
"You definitely had a good night, I've always worn a condom." Steven admitted.
"Young man, you fuck to be happy right?" Raymond asked as he held his cigarette up to his lips. He waited for the young man's reply before taking a drag.
"Yeah." Steven admitted, taking a puff from his cigarette.
"Good." Raymond said as he took the last drag on his cigarette and exhaled, "Don't let anything get in the way of your happiness, including condoms."
Raymond flicked his cigarette into the storm drain and turned to head back into the hotel.
"Is it really that much better?" Steven asked, flicking his unfinished cigarette onto the street.
"Try it and you'll know." Raymond laughed, "Women were born to take cum. That's just the way it is. If you're wearing a condom, how can she truly feel sex the way it was meant to be? Not to mention, how is she going to swallow? Am I right?"
"How long have you been with this woman?" Steven asked curiously. He had been dating Whitney for a while and she never swallowed for him.
"Met her last night." Raymond laughed.
"And she swallowed?" Steven asked with a hint of jealously in his voice.
"Actually I made her swallow." Raymond admitted, "And she'll swallow again when I get up there."
"Fuck, I don't even remember how long I've been with my girlfriend but she hasn't swallowed. Not once." Steven spat.
"It's always that first time that's the hardest. After you make her do it the first time, she'll start swallowing." Raymond explained, "You can make a girl do anything."
"No you can't." Steven deadpanned.
"Yes you can." Raymond replied, "Sexually aroused women find everything less disgusting."
"You made this woman so horny she swallowed?" Steven asked with a cocked brow.
"She swallowed because I pinned her against the bed with my cock." Raymond corrected, briefly reliving that sweet moment.
"Then you forced her to swallow." Steven laughed dismissively.
"Yeah but the point is, she will swallow from now on." Raymond explained, "Trust me, stick a vibrator in your girlfriend. Keep that thing on the lowest setting until she is begging to cum. But don't let her. You cum in her mouth and tell her that when she swallows, you'll let her cum. You need to train her to swallow."
"I don't know. She doesn't have any sex toys." Steven sighed, "The only position I've found that drives her nuts is when she lays on her stomach with her legs together. Then I take her from behind, I think the angle gives better stimulation and her legs together makes her tighter."
"I told you how to do it, whether you try it is up to you, OK?" Raymond laughed joyfully as he walked back into the hotel, "Good luck to you."
"Hey before you go, do you mind if I borrow your phone? Mine broke last night." Steven asked, chasing after the stubby old man into the hotel.
"Sure." Raymond replied and handed the young man his cellphone.
"Thanks." Steven said cheerily. Things were starting to go right and his nightmarish night was finally coming to an end. He entered Whitney's number into the stranger's phone. The line rang and rang until it went to voice mail. Disappointed, he returned the phone to the short old man and said, "Thanks. Try the position I told you."
"Thanks for the tip!" Raymond smiled happily and slid his cellphone into his pocket as he walked to the elevator.
Steven plopped back down into the same lobby chair he slept. He was lucky the hotel staff did not try to kick him out, probably because he kept himself out of sight. His back faced the elevator but it was the furthest spot away from the front desk. Putting his feet up on the glass coffee table, he made himself comfortable. He rubbed the fatigue from his eyes and frowned at his broken phone before pocketing it. He didn't even know what time it was, all he knew was that it had been a long night and he was tired. He folded his arms across his chest and nodded to sleep.
When Raymond returned to his room, he was glad to see that his beauty queen was still asleep on the bed. She was in the same position when he left, cum dripping out of every orifice. He stripped off his wife beater and khakis and he tossed them into the luggage. He thought about shoving his hard cock into the sleeping beauty, his throbbing slab of meat called for it but his body disagreed. After a full night of fucking, the bed looked just as inviting as Whitney.
An evil smile spread across Raymond's face at the thought of a solution to his problem. He returned to the door and engaged the chain door lock in case she tried to run. He went back to the bed and sat Whitney's limp body up, then he dragged her to the middle of the bed. He laid her down facing up with her head at the center of the bed and her legs hanging over the foot of the bed. Then he retrieved some bondage rope from his luggage and he tucked in Whitney's legs and bound her ankles to her thighs. Next, he tied her wrists to the outside of her ankles. Despite her limbs being moved around, Whitney did not rouse from her slumber.
After Raymond was finished, he took a step back to admire his rope work. He was quite pleased with the results, considering he never actually bound anyone before. He had studied one of the DVD's about Japanese Rope Bondage and he had taken a liking to the frogtie bondage position.
Whitney was on her back with her wrists tied to her ankles. Her thighs were spread wide and her ankles were bound to her thighs. The DVD had suggested using a double column tie to bind and now Raymond understood why. There were about 4 strands of rope that wrapped around each thigh and ankle with a knot in between. It was the best compromise between restraint and exposure of skin.
Raymond grabbed his cellphone and took some pictures to immortalize the moment. The previously crowned Miss Hong Kong was fast asleep with a knock-off crown on her head, a smile on her face that conveyed a sense of purpose and achievement while she was naked and bound in a frogtie position that exposed her big round tits, her bare cunt and asshole. Her bare, pink cunt was so full of gooey white cum that it was still pouring out of the poor girl. Her asshole fared no better, the twin rivers of white merged together and pooled around the bed underneath.
The pictures said it all. The facade of a once sophisticated, elegant and proper beauty queen was stripped away to reveal a common, cheap and desperately horny cum-filled whore that was masquerading as something better than she was born to be. There was no denying it. Anyone who saw the pictures could see that the sole purpose of Miss Hong Kong's tight fuck holes were to milk as much cum as possible and as often as possible.
Raymond went over to his luggage and picked up a pillow from the floor. He took a Hitachi and some more rope out of his carry-on. He used the ropes to strap the Hitachi to the pillow and pulled them tight to make the pillow to fold over itself into an upside down 'U' with the Hitachi at the peak. He retrieved a three feet long chrome plated 1/4 inch chain out from his luggage and brought all the items to the bed.
Miss Hong Kong was such a beautiful sight with her knees up, wrists and ankles bound at her sides while she laid on her back. He took in the view for a moment, then he placed the makeshift sex-pillow next to Whitney's torso and directed his attention to her glistening pink slit.
Normally for this trick, Raymond needed a lot of lubricant, but Whitney was more than sufficiently wet. Slowly, he inserted the first few links of the chain into her cunt. He pushed the links as far as he could reach with his finger, then he fed her snug hole, link by link. The first few links were shoved further in by each additional link, it was a shame that Whitney was in such deep sleep that she couldn't feel the heavy chain slowly filling and stretching her.
When all three feet of chain link was inside Whitney, Raymond squirted more of the arousal gel from the black tube onto the Hitachi. Then he flipped her over into a doggy-style position. Whitney was straddling over pillow and the Hitachi was pressed right up against her clit. Again she did not wake.
Raymond returned to his luggage to retrieve some more items and brought those over to Whitney. He put the open mouth gag and blindfold over her, then he did the same with a set of headphones. He plugged the headphones into a music player, he selected the devious playlist dubbed'cock worship trainer'and pressed play.
Leaning down next to Whitney's ear, Raymond snickered. He could hear a female voice from the headphones saying,'Life...purpose...desire...passion.Life is meaningless without passion. Purpose is the foundation of desire.Desire is the essence of passion.Cock gives my life purpose. No matter where I am, I crave the taste of cock.It's my purpose in life.Cum sustains me.Cock is my passion.Cock is my life.'
"HAHAHAHA!" Raymond let out an evil boisterous laugh. He scampered up the bed and spread his legs so that Whitney was between his thighs. He lifted her limp head and dropped her mouth unceremoniously over his hard cock.
The invasive cock burying itself into her mouth stirred Whitney from her deep sleep. Her eyes flew open but all she saw was darkness. Before she realized what was going on, she felt a sudden intense rattling inside her and a vibrating sensation between her legs. The pleasurable buzzing made her jump, only to come to the horrific realization that she couldn't. Her wrists were bound to her ankles, which were bound to her thighs. It was like she was kneeling, except she was facing down.
Unable to see or move, Whitney turned to her remaining senses to get a bearing as to what was going on. There was something vibrating against her clit and she could feel something rattling maddeningly inside her pussy. She could feel that there was a hard cock in her mouth and she could taste it.
There was a muffled silence and then Whitney heard the woman's voice come through the headphones,'Sucking cock is your greatest equalizer.You have, at one time or another, gotten on your knees and submitted yourselves, your comfort, your pleasure, your dignity, your voice, the very air you breathe, to the pleasure of a man.It is the one thing that you and every girl you know has done.Every single one of you has done it, will do it again, secretly or openly.'
Whitney tried lifting her head off of Raymond's cock. She made several attempts, rocking back and forth each time. Each time she rocked her body back, several inches of Raymond's cock vacated her mouth. The problem was, when she rocked back, it redistributed her weight to her rear and added more pressure onto the vibrating object on her bare pussy. She couldn't raise her head high enough to dislodge Raymond's cock from her mouth before the buzzing became too overwhelming. Her efforts only resulted in face fucking herself, bobbing up and down his cock.
Tears rolled down Whitney's face as the female voice continued,'Can you see yourself sucking cock? You should, because every girl you know, you and all your girlfriends have done this.This act, this shame, this fulfillment.'
Raymond smiled sleepy to the comforts of Miss Hong Kong's crown bobbing up and down as Whitney struggled to free herself from his cock. His eyes grew heavier each time she lifted her head and eventually, he fell asleep.
Whitney panicked, she would surely suffocate if she did not get Raymond's cock out of her mouth. She couldn't lift her head high enough to get the entire length out of her mouth, the vibrating object between her legs was too much of a distraction. She would never be able to free herself, at least, not when his cock was hard. The solution was obvious.
'Cock weakens you, but also empowers you.'Whitney heard the soothing female voice say.
Whitney knew she needed to somehow get Raymond off to the point where he couldn't get it up anymore. She changed her plan of attack. Instead of bobbing her head up and down trying to dislodge the hard rod from her mouth, she was bobbing her head up and down diligently trying to bring down the impaling shaft.
The voice continued,'Cock weakens your sense of independence and strength but empowers your femininity.Cock reveals your true self.Surrender to cock and be the purest female you can be.'
Minutes ticked by and Whitney was still bobbing up and down while Raymond was sleeping soundly. Those minutes turned into an hour. Her jaws ached, her neck hurt and eventually, she accepted the fact that her lips were not leaving his cock. She was exhausted, now only able to lift her head to slide his cock out of her throat so she could breathe every so often. An hour turned into hours with the beauty queen staying right where she was.
Downstairs in the hotel lobby, Steven woke up to a lanky desk clerk tapping his on shoulder and told him, "Sir, you can't sleep here."
"Oh, I'm sorry." Steven groaned. His body felt stiff from sleeping on the chair for the last couple of hours since meeting that old man. He stretched in the chair and yawned, "I was waiting for someone."
"You're more than welcome to wait but you cannot sleep in the lobby." The tall scrawny man said.
"That's alright, I've got to go anyways." Steven replied as he stood up and straightened out his attire. A quick glance at the clock on the wall told him it was almost 11am. Noting that many cellphone repair shops would be opening up soon, he decided that it was best to fix his phone first as opposed to waiting in the lobby. Whitney usually woke up after 12pm anyways. If he was the first person in the shop, he might get his phone fixed before his girlfriend got up. Steven was sure that she would be dying to leave and there would be hell to pay if he missed her call. He waved goodbye to the hotel staff as he set out in search of a repair shop nearby.
Back up on the 28th floor, Raymond woke up to the most pleasant feeling of Whitney gingerly lifting her head up and down a fraction of an inch from the base of his cock. The sheets between his legs were soaking wet, there was a lingering smell of cum, and the sounds of the Hitachi vibrating filled the room with a steady buzz, almost drowning out Whitney's mews. Raymond was shocked when he lifted the blindfold off Whitney's beautiful face.
Whitney's eyes had rolled to the back of her head, her eye lids were fluttering while she was bobbing up and down his cock. Her eyes dreamily adjusted to the bright hotel room as she focused in on Raymond as he sat up. He reached behind her head and unfastened the open mouth gag. She shook her head languidly, knowing what was next. He cupped her throat with his hand and slowly lifted her head off his cock.
For the first time in hours, Raymond's cock slid out from her throat, but there was one another problem that remained. Whitney had managed to keep herself elevated enough to avoid having her clit touch the vibrating object. She had no idea what it was, she couldn't look back, but she had kept herself on the edge by avoiding contact with the shaking object. Now, Raymond was going to undo her efforts as her clit teetered towards the numbing vibration.
"OHhhh...Ahhhh...F-F-FUCK!" Whitney cried as her clit was pressing against the buzzing bulb, the rattling inside her cunt became unbearable. The sensations set off her body like a rocket launching towards space. Stars filled her vision as the room spun round and round.
'Admit it, this is what you were born for.'Whitney heard the familiar female voice say through the headphones
"YES! I was born for cock." Whitney said out loud in response as she fell forward between Raymond's legs, her face landed next to his cock. She saw it up close and it was slick with her saliva.
'Do you know what you are?'Whitney heard the feminine voice ask.
"I'm a 'Grade A' fucking slut!!" the former Miss Hong Kong declared as she snuggled her nose up to Raymond's cock. She took each of his balls with her lips, gently sucking on each one while her tongue caressed the smooth nut.
"HAHAHA! Yes you are." Raymond laughed, tossing the gag aside, "I guess I didn't need that after all."
Across the street, Snake was rubbing his eyes. His eyes were sore and strained from a night of watching Miss Hong Kong getting fucked. He couldn't keep his eyes off of the monitor though. The sight of Whitney Ho tied up, cumming again and again while being forced to service the old guy was too entertaining. He watched as the older man shimmy up the bed and roll off, leaving poor Whitney with nothing to snack on.
Raymond moved behind Whitney at the end of the bed. He slipped a finger into her sopping wet slit, feeling around for the end of the chain. Hooking his finger around the last link, he steadily yanked it out all at once.
"UHHHHHHhhhh!!!" Whitney screamed on one end and squirted from the other. Her body exploded in ecstasy as her face dove into the giant wet spot that was a mixture of her saliva and Raymond's cum from the last couple of hours. She screamed in pleasure as she either had one long orgasm or a series of mini orgasms set off by every link vacating her cunt. She couldn't tell which it was.
Raymond laughed manically as the once prim and proper Miss Hong Kong thrashed helplessly on the bed. Each of the three foot long chain link set off a mini orgasm upon leaving her tight cunt. The mini explosions happened so fast and close together that every woman came from his little chain trick whether they wanted to or not. Of course, the Hitachi buzzing against their clits always seemed to prolong the intended effect, as it did with Whitney right now.
Whitney rode the orgasms as long as possible. The end of the bed was dripping wet by the time she stopped squirting. She felt Raymond lay whatever it was that he pulled out from her cunt onto her lower back. It felt hot, hefty and very slick. A sweet smile spread over Whitney's face as she thought,'He's going to fill that empty void.'
She couldn't be more right.
Raymond was standing behind her at the end of the bed and lining up his cock. The Hitachi, faithfully buzzing along was making her pink slit quiver. He was rubbing the tip of his cock against her slippery folds, up and down, teasing her before plunging all the way in. It felt like he stuck his cock into a hot, wet, vibrating pocket as her cunt was wrapped tightly around his cock. He felt the Hitachi's vibrations massage the underside of his cock and he didn't last long enough to pull out.
The first load splashed against Whitney's cervix, adding to whatever was left over from last night. Other spurts followed as spurt after spurt of thick, gooey cum pumped into the gorgeous woman's snatch. Raymond's spewing cock caused Whitney's slim figure to quiver. That, and the fact that her tight cunt literally could not hold any more cum being pumped into it.
Whitney felt so helpless. It was such a violation of her body, not only was Raymond's cock buried in her core, he was cumming inside her without a condom, again! It felt so incredibly invasive. It made her feel weak, inferior and yet the pleasure this man was giving her fueled her desire to become something of use, something to satisfy someone. Just feeling the tip of his cock rubbing at her cervix sent her heart racing into over drive. Each shot of his cum found its cervical mark. Her mind swirled as her body was flooded with endorphins and cum all at the same time.
Miss Hong Kong's body was just a vessel, an object to provide pleasure to a man. A man outside her romantic relationship. A man that was not her boyfriend. A man that had no right to her body.
When Raymond's finished, he shut the Hitachi off. Then he undid the ropes that bound Whitney's wrists to her ankles and slowly withdrew from her slippery hole.
After hours of being bound, Whitney was finally free and she rolled over on to her back. A chrome metal chain landed next to her. Picking it up with one hand, she rubbed her sore wrist as she examined it. The chain was still warm and slick from her juices. Looking herself over, paying particular attention to her wonderfully sore pussy, she noticed that the countless hours of stimulation left it nearly numb and swollen. Glancing between her battered cunt and Raymond's eyes, she whimpered half in disbelief and half in awe, "You savage!"
Raymond was standing at the end of the bed, looking at the soaked pillow, the glistening Hitachi and that slick, puffy mound between Whitney's legs as he chuckled in reply to the Hong Kong beauty's whimper.
"Look what you've done!" Whitney cried, trying vainly to hide her own enjoyment from the abuse that her pussy endured. Her clit felt numb but she could feel his hot, sticky cum slowly leaking out of her slit, dripping down between her cheeks as she beheld gallons more of his thick, potent cum. In the deep recesses of her mind, she hoped that he knocked her up, that he would be held responsible for the seed that he sowed. Laying there in a hotel room, full of cum, she felt oddly submissive to this older man. She felt he owned her. Just like how she owned the pair of Louboutin's on her feet, Raymond could wear her pussy on his cock whenever he wanted.
Raymond chuckled as his eyes soaked in the scene.
The gorgeous Miss Hong Kong had propped herself up onto her elbows as she laid back on the hotel bed like she was in a photo shoot. Unlike previous photo shoots, this time, she was showing a lot more of her light, fair skin. Her round 33D breasts jiggled with each breath. Her tits seemed bigger due to her 24 inch waist that flared out to her 35 inch hips. Her long, slender legs were splayed out as she dug her black high heels into the end of the bed.
Raymond's attention was drawn towards Whitney's cunt that was framed by her creamy thighs contrasting against the raw pink color between her legs. The Hitachi had made the flesh surrounding her glistening slit take on a dark shade of pink. All of this was contrasting against the thick, oozing, slippery white mess that was swiftly flowing out from her quivering pink slit and dripping down into a puddle of cum on the bed.
The jewel of Hong Kong looked like she was gangbanged and received countless creampies. Raymond put his hands on his hips and nodded at his cock. After all that, his cock was still rock hard and it glistened with the mixture of their juices.
Whitney knew what the pompous prick wanted. She wanted it in her mouth too. She wanted to please the man that gave her so much pleasure. She wanted to hold the physical embodiment of his masculinity in her mouth. Unable to take her eyes off of his cock, she rolled over onto all fours and spun around to face his cock. She took him in her mouth and the flavor of cum overwhelmed her taste buds once again. Only this time, instead of merely accepting the taste, she was loving it as she slurped and savored the fresh taste of cum in the morning. When she felt his plump tip hit the back of her throat and she pulled her head back.
"Stay there." Raymond husked with his hands holding her there and said, "Just a little longer. Let me enjoy your mouth. You have no idea how beautiful you are with my cock buried this deep."
Several seconds passed by and Whitney couldn't breathe. As panic began to set in, her lower body tensed, her thighs clenched, her feet flexed, her toes curled and she kicked her legs in protest.
"This is so good, so fucking good." Raymond breathed and ignored her pleas. She tried to push him off but he caught her wrists and held them high over her head. He gave the same treatment to her mouth as he did with her cunt and the sounds of Whitney getting face fucked filled the room.
GLUCK! GLUCK! GLUCK! GLUCK! GLUCK! GLUCK!
The poor young woman had to time her breathing with the cock that was relentlessly jabbing her throat. Even then, all she managed were quick, short gasps of air. She started to bob her head for more control and to get a few more milliseconds to breathe. She was grateful when Raymond stopped thrusting his hips and let her take over.
Up above and across the street, Snake watched as the once proud beauty queen was face fucking herself on the older man. The camera was zoomed in for a close-up of her bare, smooth cunt in high definition detail. He never would have guessed that the prim and proper looking Miss Hong Kong he saw during the pageant was such a cock hound. Although he couldn't see her face, he could tell from the way she was rocking her body back and forth that she was slamming the man's cock down her throat each time. Then something else caught Snake's attention.
Snake zoomed the lens in closer until her sweltering slit completely filled the screen. After being on the Hitachi for so many hours, the bare flesh surrounding her smooth pink slit was puffy and took on a raw shade of pink. Her folds were glistening with her juices, trumped only by the thick, gooey white cum dripping out from deep inside her. It may have been a low budget porno, but it showed Hong Kong's gem in all her raunchy glory and it was sure to be a big hit.
This will be how Miss Hong Kong is going to be remembered forever. Her hopes, her dreams, her winning speech, all overshadowed by this low budget porno. All the world will know of her is how good she looked while taking a cock down her throat.
Snake zoomed the camera out of Miss Hong Kong's dazzling rear end to get her fully in frame again. He couldn't wait to retrieve the audio from the hotel room to pair the video with the vivid sounds of her pert lips kissing, slurping and the twirling of her wet tongue along every inch of the man's shaft, polishing it shiny clean. Who would have thought that Miss Hong Kong was such a good little cock slut? He was going to be rich.
Back in the hotel room, Raymond no longer needed to hold Whitney's wrists, she had taken over and was diligently cleaning his cock. Licking up and down the shaft, her lips were wrapped around him as she took him into her throat. He released his grip when he felt her lips wrapped around the base of his cock. His cock kept her balance on her knees as she brought her hands down on to the bed.
The prim and proper beauty queen applied so much suction to his cock that her cheeks hollowed out as she pulled herself off of him with a wet 'PLOP!' Satisfied that there wasn't a single drop of cum left anywhere on his cock, she planted a kiss at the tip, "MUAH!"
"I need a smoke." Raymond said, looking around for his clothes. His wife beater and khaki shorts he had on earlier were next to his luggage a few feet from the bed. Weak-kneed, he half stumbled and half walked towards his luggage like a zombie.
Whitney pivoted on the bed until she faced the side of the bed and Raymond. Then she called after him from the bed, "Hey, you're not clean yet."
Raymond was a few steps from the bedside when he looked down at his cock, it seemed like she got all of their juices off of his shaft. The sensation enhancing lubricants that he slathered onto her had worn off and her request was coming entirely from the slut that hid beneath the beauty queen facade. Something had changed the elegant and graceful beauty queen tonight. Her former self melted away and unveiled a woman with insatiable lust. So who was he to complain if she hungered after his cock?
Across the street, Snake could not explain what was running through the mind of Hong Kong's beauty queen as she made a come-hither motion to invite the older man back into bed. The older man shrugged his shoulders and shuffled to the side of the bed with his rigid cock swinging back and forth. The previously stuck up Miss Hong Kong whom wouldn't even put out to advance her entertainment career had turned into a cum hungry slut. Now it was the beauty queen that wanted more.
While it was common for Hong Kong celebrities to get caught in a scandal, but very few had anything this damning on camera. The high definition video left no doubt as to who the woman was. The beauty queen's fans might argue that she was forced or coerced but women didn't make a come-hither motion to their coercers. Nor would they lick their lips enthusiastically at the sight of a strand of cum dangling from their coercer's balls. There would be no use in Whitney denying the existence of the video, not when her body language begged to please the cock in front of her with every hole she had to offer.
The wheels spun in Snake's mind for a title for the movie that would make him either rich or famous. Other Hong Kong celebrities typically asked for roughly $20,000HKD ($2500USD), but this little gem had only cost him the price of the hotel room. Even if tonight had costed Snake $20,000HKD, the he would be getting more than his money's worth. It was a shame that this beauty queen wasn't as receptive as her peers, his organization could make a fortune by pimping her out. The former beauty queen's gorgeous looks, incredibly fit body and perfectly round rack -- the hottest woman in Hong Kong -- getting fucked senseless was sure the fetch a high price. Still, the footage he had would net him small fortune, then the title hit him like a typhoon,'Miss Hong Kong's Long Night.'
Raymond remained standing, preferring the downward view of his cock as Whitney dove beneath his shaft. She hoisted his cock up with one hand and used her other hand to hold herself on the edge of the bed, then he felt her soft, wet tongue caressing his balls once again. She arched her back, making her ass perk up while her tongue was chasing after the lingering strands of cum. He leaned forward, which made her lift her ass up more in the process and he grabbed a handful of her left ass cheek. He squeezed her smooth, firm flesh and spanked it, making it jiggle accordingly. Then he dipped two fingers into her slit. He could feel his cum sloshing around her cunt between his fingers as he fingered her tight cunt while Whitney had her head between his legs and below his balls as she licked his sack.
"Do you think people can see us from the outside?" Raymond asked with his head turned towards the window. It was early afternoon and daylight was coming through the hotel windows, lighting the entire room. He felt Whitney's cunt clench his fingers and he realized that he had stumbled upon a new discovery. The "conservative" Hong Kong beauty, despite all her public appearances, was secretly an exhibitionist. It made so much sense why she was in show business. Capitalizing on his discovery, he continued, "I wonder how long they've been enjoying our little show."
Again, Whitney's sopping little cunt clenched as she too wondered whether they were visible from the outside. She also wondered how many cocks were hard at the sight of her body.
"You're so different from the Hong Kong Beauty Queen on TV." Raymond said as he withdrew his fingers from her wet cunt. His fingers were covered in cum mixed with her juices. The mixture acted as a slippery lubricant when he dipped a finger into her ass, "Too bad there isn't a Hong Kong Sex Queen pageant, I'm sure you'd win that as well."
"MMmmm..." Whitney groaned with her luscious lips latched onto his hefty balls, refusing to let a single drop of his cum go untasted. The thought that someone could be watching and the idea of a sex pageant had reignited a flame within the exhausted young woman. That flame burst into a raging fire fueled by Raymond's finger plunging knuckle deep in and out of her ass. A warm, tingling sensation quickly spread throughout her body.
"You like idea, don't you? You're such a slut. I can tell from the way you clench on my finger." Raymond chuckled as he added a second finger into Whitney's clenching asshole.
The fear of reality was setting in for the gorgeous celebrity. Fear that someone might actually be filming or taking pictures to show how much of a slut their beloved Miss Hong Kong really is. Fear that her friends, family and most of all her boyfriend Steven might see the indisputable evidence of her infidelity. Fear of how tonight would tarnish her social standing in Hong Kong's entertainment industry. Genuinely worried, Whitney released Raymond's balls from her lips and asked, "What if we really are being watched?"
"So what? Keep going. All they can do is watch." Raymond replied as his fingers sawed in and out of Whitney's tight asshole.
And by Raymond's words, Whitney continued to run her soft tongue up and down the underside of his cock. The sounds of wet slurping noises filled the room at the same time she began to wonder how much she would make if she had chosen a career in porn instead of being a TV host or actress.
"I can't even guess at what men would give to have Miss Hong Kong slurping on their dick. The sound is like music to the ears." Raymond chuckled.
Whitney slurped louder on Raymond's cock while she used her free hand to caress his balls. She felt the hefty sack slowly filling up again. Although she didn't have any experience with men twice her age, Whitney was astonished by Raymond's amazing stamina. Even with age aside, she never met a man that could hold an erection throughout the entire night and into the morning. She was honestly flattered at being the reason for creating such a need in a man. It could have been any woman under him last night and she felt like she was the luckiest woman in the world to be servicing Raymond. Then, Whitney's thoughts were suddenly interrupted by a loud knocking on the door.
BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!
"Room service." A man announced from the other side of the door. Whitney and Raymond both looked at each other. It was well past the checkout time and neither of them had realized. Then there was more pounding on the door.
BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!
"We'll be right out." Raymond shouted towards the door. Whitney didn't quit slurping on his cock, in fact, she began deep throating him and she was even louder than before. He was sure that the person on the other side of the door could hear the beauty queen slamming her face on his cock. He was enjoying this, but getting caught in a celebrity sex scandal could cost him his career. He was close to retirement and it was simply not worth it. Reluctantly, Raymond backed away from Whitney's warm, wet mouth. The shock of the cool air on his cock brought him back to reality and he asked her, "What are you doing?"
"Just relax." Whitney replied and lunged off the bed after Raymond's cock. She crawled towards him and wrapped her arms around his butt, then she took his hard cock into her mouth again.
"Wait, wait, wait, they might come in." Raymond exclaimed as he wrestled Whitney's hands off his butt and backed away from her.
"Shut up and be quiet." Whitney hissed. She was crawling towards Raymond while he was backing towards the sofa, "Sucking your fat cock has made me so horny, I need you to fuck my ass again before you leave."
BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!
"It's past check out time!" Yelled the guy on the other side of the door.
"We're going to get caught." Raymond warned, his eyes were wide with fear. He couldn't leave the hotel room naked. Whitney was between him and his clothes that were on the floor. She paused at where the bondage ropes were, a mischievous look spread across her face as she picked them up with her teeth and continued to crawl towards him. The back of his knees hit the sofa and he fell backwards into the sofa. She crawled up to him as he said, "WAIT!"
Whitney dropped the rope at Raymond's feet as she ignored him and stood up. She sat down on his lap with his cock nestled between her ass cheeks. She glanced over her shoulder as she rubbed her ass along his shaft and warned, "Don't make me tie you up."
"We can't do this now," Raymond whispered, "someone's outside!"
"Weren't you the one who wanted everyone to hear me scream?" Whitney asked as she reached between her thighs to grab Raymond's hard cock and lined it up to her forbidden hole. She was so horny, she could hardly think. The only thing on her mind was his cock fucking her ass one last time, "You're the one who tried to brainwash me with all those cock worship recordings."
"Wait, no really, what if they come in?" Raymond asked. His eyes were focused on the door as he tried to think of what to do should someone come in.
BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!
"Hey, open the door!" Yelled the guy in the hallway.
"Oh...all thatpounding...it's turning me on even more." Whitney whispered. She put her hands on Raymond's knees as she sank all the way down on his cock and moaned, "AH!"
"Be quiet!" Raymond hissed. Even if he wanted to protest, it would have been hard after he felt Whitney's asshole clench around the tip of his cock. He was still worried about getting caught, so he covered Whitney's mouth with his hand and hissed, "Do you want me to punish you?"
"MMM!" Whitney moaned loudly into Raymond's hand. She was surprised at his sudden change in demeanor. A second ago she could have sworn he was genuinely concerned about getting caught. Now he was pulling her hands over her head and crisscrossing her wrists behind her head. Then he reached down by his feet, grabbed the bondage rope and quickly tied her wrists together.
"Alright you kinky bitch, you like the rush?" Raymond asked and grabbed onto some leftover rope as a leash. He scooted down the sofa and spread his legs so fast that he had to yank on the leash to stop Whitney from falling into the coffee table. Then he backhanded her ass and demanded, "Ride."
Whitney unashamedly obeyed.
If someone were to enter the hotel room, the sight would have shocked them. The gorgeous 23 year old woman was facing the door, her wrists were tied behind her head, her tits were bouncing as she was riding reverse cowgirl with her legs spread over a man's spread thighs. The man was twice her age and he was half laying on the sofa while his legs were holding up the lower half of his body.
BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!
"Open up!" The guy demanded.
"He's persistent isn't he? Are you afraid?" Whitney asked as she bucked up and down.
"Not when I'm fucking your ass...ahh...I feel like all my stress just goes away." Raymond smirked, "Tighten your ass."
Whitney clenched her ass.
"Mmm...good." Raymond moaned at the sensation of Miss Hong Kong's ass squeezing his cock, "Tighter."
Whitney clenched harder.
"TIGHTER!" Raymond demanded loudly, no longer caring if whoever was in the hallway heard him smack her ass.
"AH!" Whitney yelped and clenched her ass as tight as she could while doing squats wearing high heels.
"That's better." Raymond said. Whitney began bouncing faster on his lap, causing the sofa to creak. He yanked on the leash and said, "Slower."
Whitney slowed her pace. It wasn't exactly an easy task, she wanted to ride his cock as hard and as fast as she could. She wanted Raymond to fuck her ass one last time before he left. She wanted him to satiate her lust, but now she was pleasuring him. And at any second, a lowly hotel employee could catch the once famous Miss Hong Kong tied up and getting fucked up the ass. The idea of it almost made her cum as her eyes watched the door knob intently.
BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!
The door shook from the forceful pounding. It was obvious that the guy was getting impatient when he yelled, "You're really not coming out?"
BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!
Any second, both of their lives could be ruined.
If he was going down, he was going to make sure that the beautiful image of Miss Hong Kong would be seared into the mind of whoever came into the room and not his face. Raymond bucked his hips, causing Whitney to bounce up in the air. Then he tightened her leash as he sat up straight on the sofa, just in time for her to skewer herself on his cock.
"UMPH!" Whitney exhaled as all six inches of Raymond's cock was buried up her ass. She was amazed at how fast the fat, older man could move. She felt the warmth of his breath on the back of her neck as he bucked his hips.
Raymond hid behind Whitney as he pulled the leash taut and forced her shoulders back and her breasts out. His free hand slipped between her legs, his fingers slid up into her slit and began to furiously rub her g-spot. This was going to be one picture no one was going to forget.
Miss Hong Kong was cutely biting her lower lip as she was looking down between her thighs. Whitney could see Raymond's fingers moving at a blinding pace, creating loud squelching noises from between their legs. Her juices and the remnants of his cum deposited inside her cunt were splattering all over the coffee table and raining onto the plush carpet.
BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!
"FINE!" Declared the guy from the hallway, "I'm coming in!"
"NO! DON'T!" Whitney screamed breathlessly at the door.
"Then you come out right now!" He yelled back.
"I-I'm not wearing clothes!" Whitney admitted. Although true, it was an excuse. She was close to cumming and it was the best excuse her pleasure filled mind could come up with at the moment.
"That's your problem." He said dismissively.
Whitney and Raymond heard the fumbling of key cards, followed by a card being inserted into the door.
'Fuck, he's really coming in.'Raymond thought as he withdrew his fingers from Whitney's slippery twat. Straightening out all four of his fingers with his palm pressing up against her abdomen, he began sliding his hand from side to side, making each finger run over her clit right after the previous one.
'FUCK! We're going to get caught!'Whitney thought as her lust surpassed all previous levels. Her thrill of sexual excitement was so high she started to get dizzy. Her sexual high was caused as much by the tense situation as it was by Raymond's fingers on her still slightly numb clit.
The lock on the door beeped and the latch clicked.
"Uh...uh...uh...uh...uh." Whitney quietly groaned as her entire body shook and convulsed as she came and her lust squirted out from between her spread thighs. She wanted Raymond's hand to stop, not so that they wouldn't get caught, but for purely for her own selfish pleasure to enjoy her orgasm. But Raymond's hand moved faster and faster. Each of his fingers rubbed over her clit so hard and fast, she couldn't tell which direction he was rubbing. All she felt were the continuous valleys and crests between each finger.
Whitney tried clamping her thighs together for some sense of decency as she watched the door handle turn. But with her legs hanging over the outside of Raymond's legs, he kept her thighs spread as her clit exploded with orgasm after orgasm, each more intense than the last one. Her mind, body and soul was so wrapped up in sexual pleasure that she lost track of time and space. Her ass and her clit became her entire universe while everything happened in slow motion as the door swung open.
Then CLACK!
The door had only opened maybe two inches before the chain lock stopped it.
Raymond briefly stared at the door dumbfounded, then he remembered that he had engaged the chain lock when he returned this morning. No one could come in unless they kicked the door down. Whitney couldn't see his face, not when she had her back to him, but it was now he who had a mischievous look on his face. He continued rubbing her clit, making her lust squirt all over the floor while his cock was buried balls deep in her ass.
The like man sodomizing her, the poor Miss Hong Kong simply stared at the partially opened door. The close call snapped her out of her lust crazed stupor and reminded her of the consequences of a scandal. Wriggling on the old man's lap, the tables were turned and it was she who was wanting things to stop. She pulled her hands over her head, only to have Raymond yank on the leash to bring her wrists back behind her neck again.
"Didn't you say that the pounding turns you on?" Raymond whispered quietly into Whitney's ear.
Whitney didn't respond. She was still in the throes of her orgasm, panting and trying to catch her breath as she slowly stopped squirting. All she could do was watch the hand sliding through between the door and the door frame trying to unlatch the chain lock.
"If the pounding turned you on, then you must be really high right now." Raymond demanded, not satisfied with the beauty queen's silence. His hand was soaked in her juices as he gave her cunt a quick slap.
"MM!" Whitney let out a muffled yelp as she squirted briefly again. Her body stiffened from the subtle pain on her bare mound and her clit throbbed harder for more. She was thankful that her clit was still a little bit numb from being on the Hitachi for so many hours, it took away the most of the pain so that all she felt was pleasure.
Raymond sneered as he asked again, "Why <SLAP!> won't <SLAP!> you <SLAP!> answer <SLAP!> me?"
"C-cumming! S-so...h-high!" Whitney cried out loud as Raymond repeatedly smacked her pussy with his open hand, hard enough to send the sensation of pleasure through her numb clit but not hard enough to hurt. His hand made a dull, wet sound as it smacked her wet slit, making her squirt progressively less and less with each slap until she was entirely void of all bodily fluids. Then she felt Raymond's cock suddenly swell.
"ARGH!" Raymond grunted and let out a deep breath. He tried to drill his cock through the younger woman's body and at the same time, reign in on the leash so tight that Whitney was arch her back and thrust her bare tits at the door.
Whitney felt the head of the older man's cock expand, then a warm wave of cum surged deep into her ass. Her head fell back as she felt Raymond's cum set off another orgasm inside her. She felt her sphincter clamp down on his cock and caused him to groan as her muscles gripped the base of his shaft like a tight ring.
Together, they trembled as they watched the hand continue to fumble with the chain lock as more cum spewed into her ass. The hand withdrew from chain lock and the door shut as they stayed like that for over a minute while Whitney spent most of that time lost in her own orgasm. The tight seal between her ass and his cock trapped all his cum inside and it wasn't until Raymond untied her wrists and shoved her off his cock that the dam broke.
Whitney collapsed over and her hands broke the fall on the coffee table in front of her. She caught her breath as Raymond's white, gooey cum pulsed continuously from her ass while he scrambled into the bathroom. Her eyes surveyed the room, the bed was a mess, pillows and bedsheets soaked in her juices were strewn across the floor. The previously plush, dark purple carpet was now soaked with her fluids that made it turn a darker shade of purple. Using the coffee table to steady herself, she stood up on wobbly legs and noticed that she was still wearing her heels!
Shaking her head at her unbelievable night, Whitney kicked off her heels and ran into the bathroom. Her bare feet padded quickly across the carpeted floor and into the tiled bathroom. Raymond just finished rinsing himself off and his body was still wet when he ran past her. She climbed into the shower stall, not bothering to even shut the bathroom door as she rinsed her body off as quickly as she could.
"Hurry up!" Raymond called out from the bedroom, "He's trying to undo the chain!"
Whitney stepped out of the shower and she shuddered from the cool air's touch on her wet skin. She grabbed a towel off the rack and wrapped it around her body as she ran out of the bathroom. The humidity from the shower transmitted the heavy smell of sex and cum from the hotel room to the nerves of her nose as her feet padded quickly past Raymond, who was already dressed in his polo and slacks and was in the midst of packing his suitcase. When she reached the door, she noticed that it was partially opened again and the guy's hand was trying to unlock the chain with a pen.
Whitney grabbed the pen and chucked it across the room, prompting the guy to yell, "What the fuck!"
"We're getting dressed!" Whitney shouted back through the door. She dropped her towel and stepped into her black bodycon halter mini dress by the door, struggling to pull the tight, elastic material over her damp body, particularly over her hips. Next, she pulled the halter portion over her head but it snagged on her knockoff Miss Hong Kong crown and she swore, "Fuck!"
Whitney took the cheap replica crown off her head and tossed it at Raymond. The crown bounced on the floor, Raymond snatched it up and threw it into his suitcase. She pulled the halter top over her head and readjusted her mini dress as best she could over her damp body.
Raymond pocketed the two bottles of arousal gel and threw the black high heels to Whitney and she quickly slipped them on. In less than three minutes, both of them had showered and dressed. Satisfied that they were both presentable, Whitney unlocked the door and they left the room.
Whitney went first, trying to act as nonchalantly as she could, as if she and the hotel room didn't look like it had a whole night of sex. Her disheveled hair gave her the 'just had sex' look and her black halter top and the deep, scooping neckline showed off her 33D tits as they bounced with each step as she entered the hallway. Standing just outside their door was a guy dressed in the hotel's black uniform. Whiney was conscious that her black mini skirt left most of her thighs bare as she walked past him. She smiled sweetly at the obviously annoyed hotel worker as the stunning former beauty queen wracked her brain to explain why both she and the room looked the way it did.
But before Whitney could come up with an excuse, the young man looked Whitney over and impatiently asked, "You know you're past check-out time, why didn't you come out?"
There was a time when people on the streets would instantly recognize the crown jewel of Hong Kong, but that was long ago. Whitney was nobody now and the hotel employee's inability to recognize who she was brought out the deep seated diva within her. She rolled her eyes as she angrily pushed past him and snapped, "He didn't cum, how can I come out?"
"Hi." Raymond chuckled as he brushed past the younger fellow and followed Whitney's swaying hips to the elevator.
"ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME!?!?" The younger guy yelled when he entered the room, "THERE'S CUM EVERYWHERE!"
Whitney giggled as she calmly pushed the button for the elevator, the doors immediately opened and they stepped in. They turned to face the door, just in time to see the young guy come running out from the room, angrily throwing towels down the hall at them.
"THERE'S FUCKING CUM EVERYWHERE!" Cried the young man.
"Most of it's here," Raymond winked as he reached under Whitney's skirt. His hands went up between her legs, his fingers gently stroking her slick slit, smearing his cum and her own juices across her slit before his finger circled her other hole that was pumped full of his thick, gooey cum. As he watched the elevator doors shut, he added, "and back here."
Whitney frowned at the state of her dark, reddish brown hair in the elevator's reflection. She had never had the 'just got fucked' look so bad ever in her life! She pushed Raymond's hand away as she did her best to fix her hair as they descended. She put her hair back into the side-swept style she had last night, too busy to notice Raymond pulling two tubes out of his pocket and surreptitiously squirting a generous dollop from each tube into his fingers.
As they descended, Raymond slid his hands into Whitney's black, backless halter drop from behind and cupped her tits. His arousal gel covered fingers played with her sensitive nipples while she fixed her hair.
Surprisingly, Whitney didn't push Raymond's hands away. She had fulfilled Henry's lewd requests and saw that there was no point in making a fuss over a little bit of groping. After all, it was nothing compared to what the sinister older man had done to her last night and she let him play with her full breasts for one last time. He must've have gotten bored because he only played with her nipples for a few seconds and then he pulled his hands away. Her nipples felt wet but she brushed it off as his saliva.
Raymond squirted another generous dollop of the two arousal gels into his palm. Again, Whitney didn't notice, she was leaning in close to the elevator doors, turning her head slightly left, then right to check her hair one last time.
The elevator doors opened up to the hotel lobby. Whitney was the first to exit and she let out a disappointed sigh when her boyfriend was nowhere to be seen. She had spent the entire night and morning up in the hotel room where a repulsive older man unleashed his lewd perversions and unspeakable acts of depravity onto her. Every muscle in her body was sore, particularly her tender pussy, not to mention her asshole. And she did it all for Steven, who wasn't even here to pick her up!
The people in the lobby turned their attention towards the clicking of high heels as a gorgeous young woman exited the elevator. She looked sophisticated in her black, halter mini dress and her matching 6 inch patent black platform high heels. Her hair was elegantly put into a side-swept style as if she had just left the salon. Her face and skin complexion looked immaculate and glowed as though she spent the morning spoiling herself at a spa rather than getting pounded all night and morning like a cheap whore in a hotel room.
Everyone in the lobby was reacting in the same way, she looked familiar but none of them could recognize her. So they silently stared as they tried to remember where they had seen her before. Then some of the people's mouths dropped when an older man stepped out from the elevator and joined the gorgeous and much younger woman. They stared even harder as he wrapped one arm around her trim waist as they left the lobby together. The older man was holding her closely, guiding his gorgeous companion out the door with one hand on her ass cheek.
Steven had fixed his cellphone and was walking towards the hotel when he saw his girlfriend walking out of the hotel with another man. Whitney's back was towards him but he recognized her stunning figure and her backless dress from last night. They were on the sidewalk, in broad daylight and the man had a hand on HIS girlfriend's ass while he leaned in to kiss her. The bastard even had the audacity to grip Whitney's firm ass tighter as he pulled her in closer to his body so that she was on her tiptoes and her heels were above the ground! Much to Steven's surprise, Whitney even lifted one leg up and arched her back as they kissed!
With his free hand, Raymond slid in between Whitney's bare thighs and up her mini dress. His arousal gel covered palm slid across her smooth mound, smearing the thick coating of arousal goo across her slit, then over her puckered asshole. As he withdrew his hand, his finger briefly entered her cunt, just long enough to set his finger in her cunt nice and deep, then he pulled away.
Steven quickened his pace, he was about 300 feet away from them when Whitney lowered her leg and suddenly her head fell back. He watched her body stiffen up as the man broke their embrace and took a step back.
Time seemed to stop for Steven as he slowly came to recognize man that was opening groping his girlfriend. The short, pudgy man was wearing the same lame outfit when Steven was following them from the club, a polo with white and gray horizontal stripes, dark blue suit trousers and black leather shoes. Steven felt like he was going to throw up when he saw the man's face.
Steven remembered the 50 something year old man. The one that wore a white wife beater, blue khakis and flip flops who gave him a cigarette earlier that morning! Steven vividly remembered what the man's words as they smoked,'Wonderful night...hottest woman ever...big tits, small waist, nice ass, bare pussy...let him do everything...even fucked her ass!'
'And she loved it...best whore in China...fucked her all night...came in her mouth, pussy and ass...no condom!' The man boasted to Steven as they stood on the street a few hours ago. He felt sick to his stomach as he realized that the man was talking about Whitney all along, but his brain continued to replay man's words over and over,'No condom! No condom! NO CONDOM!'
But Steven's torturous recollection did not stop there. His sleep deprived brain was able to conclude that 'no condom' meant that the man's cum had to go somewhere, and then he was reminded of the man's smile as he said,'Leaking cum out of every hole...made her swallow.'
Steven was walking at a much slower pace now, stumbling even as he remembered questioning the older man about making a girl swallow, to which the man replied,'You can make a girl do anything.'
Even though Steven felt like throwing up, he continued stumbling forward like a drunk as he chastised himself. They always had an active sex life and he knew Whitney could orgasm numerous times with each one more powerful than the last. Usually they stopped because he was either too exhausted to continue or she was about to pass out, that was something he felt proud about. Now he was mad at himself for sharing the secret position that drove Whitney up the walls every time, and the bastard even THANKED Steven for the tip on how to fuck his own girlfriend. Fueled by his anger, he forged ahead towards his girlfriend.
"HAHA!" Raymond chuckled, "Are you nipples sensitive? You seemed to like the arousal gel so much, I thought you could use some more. HAHA!"
"W-what?" Whitney stammered in surprise as she stood there on the sidewalk, not daring to move. The halter top's fabric brushed against her overly sensitive nipples from the slightest motion. Her hard little nubs were so wired from last night's activities that she was afraid that even the smallest orgasm could open the floodgates and she would lose control of herself. While people were walking by, Whitney was feeling helpless and weak, trembling on the verge of an orgasm in public.
"Did you forget? You loved it so much you smeared it all over yourself last night." Raymond chuckled before he walked past the beauty queen, "I will remember last night for the rest of my life."
Whitney's mind hung onto the words 'last night' because all she could think about was to experience last night's orgasms all over again.
"WHITNEY!" Steven called out as the older man walked towards him.
"OH! You know her?" Raymond asked the obviously distraught young man.
Steven stumbled towards a shell shocked Whitney. Her eyes were glazed over as she stared right through him like he wasn't even there. Looking at the older man, Steven angrily demanded, "What have you done to my girlfriend?"
Raymond turned around to face them and smirked, "Nothing she didn't want."
Whitney was in such a fragile state, Steven was afraid to touch her. He waved his hand in front of her face a couple times and got no response. Looking at the pudgy man again, he demanded, "What have you done to her?"
"You have a very good girlfriend." Raymond smiled, "She was shy at first, but she fucked better than any whore. You should be proud."
At this point, Steven's rage overcame his senses and he rushed at the older man. He grabbed him by the shirt and shook while demanding, "WHAT HAVE YOU DONE!?!?"
"I gave her some 'clit crack' and showed her a good time." Raymond laughed hysterically while still being shaken by the younger man, "All she can think about is to experience it again."
Steven raised his fist, ready to knock the smile right out of the older man's face.
"If you don't believe me," Raymond continued to laugh, "you can ask her to show you how she ate my cum after I came in her cunt."
"You bastard!" Steven growled and punched the older man square in the jaw. He punched him hard enough to make the older man lose his balance and fall to the ground.
"HOO-HEEE...HAHAHA!" Raymond laughed as he got back up, "She'll love to show you, we both know what a little show off she is."
Steven was about to rush the older man and give him a pummelling when he heard Whitney groan from behind him.
"UGH!" Whitney groaned loudly as her holes clenched from the arousal gel taking hold of her. She clenched so hard that her holes squeezed out Raymond's cum and she suddenly felt warmth between her legs. She felt the warm, slick cum dripping from her slit and her ass, then slowly dripping down the inside of her thighs.
"I love how she tenses up when she's over the edge." Raymond laughed as he stood up and walked away. He left Whitney trembling in the sidewalk with her back arched and on the verge of cumming.
Whitney's eye's widened as she looked for a secluded spot to run and hide. She saw a white guy walking on the other side of the street and from the corner of her brain, a darker aspect of her thought about having his big, white cock buried in her little pink pussy. A mischievous voice in the dark recesses of her mind told her,'Run across the street and lay down spread eagle for him.'
Thinking was all Whitney did until Steven suddenly went up to her, his eyes were warm and he had a loving smile on his face as he hugged her. She wished Steven would bend her over and fuck her right then and there. Such thoughts didn't help when she was trying not to cum in the middle of the sidewalk. But as they hugged, his chest pressed against her hard, sensitive nipples and it shoved her over the edge.
'Poor thing.'Steven thought as his girlfriend was shuddering like a leaf in his arms. He could tell she was tired to the point of almost passing out from the way she was shaking and he couldn't imagine what she went through for him. That thought made him hold her even tighter and he wanted to ask her,'What did that man do to you?'
"I-I'm sorry Steven." Whitney blurted out as she tried to hold back her tears, "I'm kind of tired."
"SShhh." Steven replied, he knew now was not the time for questions, that could come later. Right now, he had to get his girlfriend home. He hailed for a taxi from down the street. As the taxi rolled towards them, he scooped up his trembling girlfriend into his arms.
"He was ruthless, Steven." Whitney sobbed into her boyfriend's neck, "He had me more than once."
"SShh." Steven hushed as the red and white taxi stopped in front of them. He set his delicate girlfriend down by the cab door and opened it for her.
"He didn't even use protection." Whitney continued as Steven picked her up again. Quietly, she whispered into his ear, "He even had my ass. I'm so sorry."
"I know babe." Steven said reassuringly and slid Whitney into the cab before climbing in himself, "I know."
To be continued...