Pam stopped outside her hotel room, fresh off her morning run. She checked her watch, a banana grabbed from the continental breakfast in her other hand.
8:22. That gives me enough time to shower, call John, get dressed and get downstairs with time to spare.
"Excuse me?" came a voice from down the hall. She turned to see a tall black woman, in a t-shirt and basketball shorts, walking towards her.
"Are you with the conference?" she asked Pam.
"I am."
"Do you know what time the first seminar is? The one on classroom management?"
"It starts at 10:15."
"Oh, thank you so much."
The woman passed by Pam and stopped at the next door. Pam watched idly as the woman let herself in her room, leaving a curious Pam alone in the hall.
I didn't see her at the mixer.
Pam was away from home, at a teaching conference. The week had started off with a mixer last night in one of the hotel's many event rooms. Today, Monday, was the first full day. It ran until Friday afternoon, but Pam had decided to stay until the next day. Her husband had suggested it, to give her one extra night away from home. Not that she needed it, but it was always good to have some alone time, even if she did end up missing John and the kids, or at least the kids not currently away at college.
An hour and a half later, Pam was downstairs, sitting in one of the back rows of the event room. Two older women were standing up front, readying their presentation.
"Hey," came a familiar voice. Pam turned to see the woman from earlier slide into the seat next to her.
"You don't mind if I sit here, do you?"
"Not at all," Pam said, smiling at her. "I'm Pam," she introduced herself, extending a hand.
"I'm Tanya," the woman responded, shaking her hand. Her grip was surprisingly assertive.
"Where are you from, Tanya?"
"I'm actually from around here," Tanya said. "I didn't go to the mixer last night, if you're wondering why you didn't see me there; it was one of my friends' birthdays, so we went out for dinner and drinks."
Pam was about to ask another question when one of the presenters cleared her throat. The two women turned to the front, where the presentation began. It quickly became boring, at least for Pam; she had been a teacher for almost twenty-five years, so a lot of the topics the conference would include were old hat for her. She still paid attention, out of courtesy.
At one point, however, Pam could not help but glance over at Tanya. The other woman was very pretty, she had to admit, in an exotic sort of way, with high cheekbones, dark hazel eyes, and full lips.
When the seminar ended, they were given fifteen minutes to freshen up, before coming back for a talk about classroom psychology, something else that Pam knew all about. After that talk, they were given time for lunch. One of the organizers offered to take the group to a nearby Thai restaurant, one that she called 'the best in the city'. Many said yes, but Pam, who had once had a bad experience with Thai food, and since had avoided it, politely rebuffed the offer. Instead, she headed to a place down the street, one she had noticed on the cab ride to the hotel. It was a colorful little restaurant, called Sir Sandwich's, the mascot a turkey sandwich with a monocle and top hat.
"Look who it is," came a familiar voice, as Pam stood there weighing her options. She turned to see Tanya.
"Wow, what a small world," Pam teased. "You didn't want Thai food?"
"Nah," Tanya said. "I've heard good things about this place."
Pam laughed. The two women ordered, and sat together. After they dusted off their food, which proved what Tanya had heard to be very true, they began to chat. Pam learned a bit more about Tanya: she had been a teacher for thirteen years, following in her mother's footsteps. In return, Pam told Tanya about herself, about her husband John and their children. Pam found Tanya an easy conversation partner, the other woman blessed with a quick tongue and a contagious laugh. It was easy to open up to her.
They headed back after a while, and of course ended up sitting next to each other at the seminar. Later that night, after the daily schedule, they headed out together for dinner, ending up at Drunken Monkey, an Asian fusion restaurant. There were some other interesting restaurants along the way there, along with Tryst, a sex shop that caught Pam's eye. One of the manikins in the store window was dressed with a sexy corset, garter and stockings combo, a combo that Pam had worn many times for her husband.
Who am I kidding, Pam mused,I wear them for myself too. I look good in lingerie.
After dinner, the two women headed back to the hotel, where Tanya invited Pam back to her room. The two women watched trashy reality shows for a few hours before bedtime. The week continued that way, with the two women sitting together at presentations, getting lunch and dinner together, after dinner hanging out in one of their rooms until bedtime, watching TV and chatting. They traded more stories, Tanya regaling Pam about the time she had tried to steal a lamb from a petting zoo when she was nine, Pam countering with the story about how her youngest child, Katie, had once tried to adopt a stray cat, naming it Mrs. Cuddles and chasing after it with goldfish crackers, reasoning that all cats loved fish. That one made Pam proud, as it reduced Tanya to a laughing fit.
By the last day, Pam was looking forward to going home, but had had such a good time with Tanya that the conference itself had been a blur. She was excited to hear that like her, Tanya was spending an extra night at the hotel, leaving on Saturday afternoon instead of Friday evening, so they could spend a bit more time together. By Friday, it had felt as if she had known Tanya for a long time, longer than almost a week.
After the last talk and closing remarks, the group was dismissed.
"You hungry?" Tanya asked as they filed out of the room. "I thought we could check out Caesar's Salads."
"Give me an hour and I'm all yours," Pam joked.
She headed to her room, to call John and the kids, and check her e-mail. Her class was being covered by a substitute this week, and although everybody had told her to not stress over it, part of her could not help but worry how the sub would handle Tommy, the resident troublemaker.
The hour passed. She knocked on Tanya's door, and the two women headed out for dinner.
Their destination was on the same street as some of the other restaurants that they had tried during the week, like Tim's Tacos, which had delicious braised beef tacos, and Simon's Seafood Shack, a quaint little restaurant with only four tables, the best lobster roll Pam had ever had, and a surly transplant from Boston running pretty much everything. Also on that street, was Tryst, which Pam always glanced at, wondering what else they had inside.
Caesar's Salads was interesting. The theme was the Roman Empire, some committed punster forcing the staff to wear togas and laurel wreaths. The salads, however, were excellent, and the drinks were cheap and dangerously delicious. As she drank, Pam felt herself loosening up a bit. She had more alcohol than she probably should have; she was a bit of a lightweight, and also looser when drunk, or even just tipsy.
John can attest to that.
They headed back to the hotel, Pam glancing at all the places going by. Her eye was again drawn to Tryst.
"Wanna check it out?" Tanya asked. "You've been looking at it all week."
Pam blushed, giggling.
Has she been paying attention to me?
"No, it's ok."
"Oh, come on. You could pick something out to wear for John when you get back."
Pam giggled again; during dinner, she had let slip the fact that she enjoyed wearing lingerie, and Tanya had seemed intrigued at the thought.
"Okay," she said impulsively.
I can't believe I'm doing this, she thought, as they walked into the store.
Inside was a collection of all sorts of lingerie, from babydolls to bodystockings, with rows and rows of different sex toys and accessories to boot. With Tanya off browsing another part of the store, Pam settled on a traditional black garter belt and stockings combo with a corset to boot.
Pam paid, and waited for Tanya, who eyed the black bag in Pam's hand.
"Ooooh, what'd you get?"
"It's a secret," Pam giggled.
They drove back to the hotel, laughing like two old friends as they walked through the lobby and headed up to their floor. At some point Tanya had thrown her arm over Pam's shoulder. Pam liked it, and she put her own arm around Tanya's waist. They passed by her room, and once inside Tanya's room, flounced onto the bed. Tanya turned on the TV, and they spent a few minutes flipping through the channels.
"You want some wine?" Tanya asked her. Pam thought for a moment; she still had a bit of a buzz.
I probably shouldn't. But...it's just the two of us...why not?
"Yes please," she said.
Tanya went to the fridge, produced a bottle of wine, and poured two glasses. The two women sat there, sipping on their drinks, occasionally re-filling when they needed. After a little while, Tanya's eyes settled on the little black bag from Tryst.
"So what'd you get?" she asked again.
"Garter belt, stockings, corset. John loves them."
"Ooooh."
"Yeah, I'll look so sexy."
Tanya nodded. "But how will you know?"
"What do you mean? Of course I'll look sexy!"
"I mean, I'm sure you'll look great, but shouldn't you try it on, see how it looks?"
Pam thought for a moment. "You're right. I'll be back, I'll just head over to my room real quick."
"Nah, just use my bathroom."
Pam hesitated. "Are you sure?"
"Yeah, it's just us ladies. You can model it for me, I'll tell you how you look."
"Okay," Pam agreed, rushing to the bathroom with the bag in tow.
When she was done, she gazed into the mirror, appreciating her fit body. She was a bit skinny, but had gotten over her relative lack of curves a long time ago. Men still sometimes checked her out, even as she got older; she knew but enjoyed the attention, as long as they were not rude.
Tanya wolf-whistled when she stepped out of the bathroom. Pam blushed, feeling a heat rise inside her at the appreciative attention.
"You look hot, girl. Sexy as fuck."
Pam giggled, biting her lip. She twirled for Tanya, who blew a kiss. Pam giggled again, catching and returning it. She noticed that Tanya had changed into a t-shirt and sweatpants combo while she had been changing into the lingerie.
"Damn, John is one lucky man," Tanya said, eyes roving all over Pam. The sudden hunger in those hazel eyes surprised her, but she blushed as she felt her body warming quickly, reacting to the attention. It helped that the buzz was still shooting through her.
"Come here," Tanya beckoned. It sounded like a command instead of a request, and Pam found herself obeying, sauntering over to stand in front of Tanya.
"You are a beautiful sight."
Pam blushed. Her heart was beating faster now.
Tanya's arms shot out faster than Pam could react. All she could do was yelp in surprise as Tanya dragged Pam onto her lap.
The TV was still on, but neither woman paid attention. Pam was focusing only on her own rapid breathing, her pulse racing, and on the gorgeous woman on whose lap she was sitting. She stared into Tanya's eyes, and saw a small smile curl the corner of her lips.
Tanya moved forward, and Pam had a few seconds to turn away from the oncoming kiss. She did not, and in fact leaned into it, locking lips with her. The two women kissed, Pam squirming in Tanya's lap. Her full lips felt so soft and warm against her own.
Tanya's mouth dragged down all too soon, to Pam's neck, where she kissed at the flesh. Pam groaned, throwing an arm over Tanya's shoulder, pressing herself into the other woman. Those hot lips slid down her neck, moving along her shoulder.
Tanya moved quickly again, flipping over so that Pam was underneath her. Pam exhaled in surprise, now scantily clad and underneath this beautiful, assertive woman. It was lighting a fire inside Pam. Tanya leaned back down, kissing again at Pam's shoulder, nipping playfully here and there. Her mouth went lower, moving over the corset, so close to Pam's breasts, and ventured even lower still, until it was hovering over Pam's sex. The only thing separated mouth from mound was a sleek black thong.
"Do you want me?" Tanya asked. Pam groaned, arching her back, spreading her legs. It felt so hot, so illicit, but a nervous pang broke through her at the sudden thought of her husband.
What about John?
He'll won't mind, came the answer.As long as you tell him all about it.
"Yes," she breathed.
"What about John?"
She looked Tanya in the eyes. "He won't mind, as long as I tell him all about it."
Tanya chuckled. "This'll be a story to tell. You'll see."
Her mouth kissed at the thong, less than an inch from Pam's pussy. A few long seconds later, she pushed the gusset aside, baring that sweet slice of sex. It was revealed to Tanya for a few moments before she descended, Pam gasping, mind going blank as another woman's mouth met her pussy for the first time. The most she had ever done with a woman before had been kissing, in her younger days, and only when drunk and for the benefit of her husband.
Oh God...
Tanya's tongue slid up her folds. The other woman sighed in satisfaction as she collected some of the dew forming.
"You taste good," she purred.
Oh God...
She descended again, licking eagerly up Pam's slit, sending tendrils of fire through Pam's body. A few more licks and Pam was breathing heavily, pushing her hips up, hoping to get more of that magic tongue all over her.
That wish was granted when Tanya slid her tongue through the lips. Pam squealed as it entered her, flicking around inside her, just inside the entrance.
"God, you taste so fucking good," Tanya muttered. Pam groaned an incoherent reply.
Tanya's tongue dug a bit deeper. Pam's pussy clenched, giving Tanya more juices to savor. And savor was just what she did, humming in pleasure as she lapped as much up as she could reach. Her hands came around, to take a firm hold of Pam's ass, lifting it slightly, pressing more of Pam's slit into her mouth. Pam groaned, helping by balancing on her hands.
Oh God...
The view from Pam's vantage was so erotic, Tanya's dark tresses spilling out to fan over Pam's pale flesh. She dug deeper into Pam, feasting on her cunt. When her eyes flashed up to Pam, those hazel orbs piercing into her, Pam whimpered, feeling lust wash over her. Tanya chuckled at her reaction, the slight vibration seeping into Pam's pussy. Tanya's tongue sped up, twisting and swirling inside Pam's wet channel. Pam moaned, her arms giving out, falling back onto the bed. Tanya raised her hips higher to compensate, so that her pussy was higher than her head. Tanya was stronger than she looked; Pam felt so light in her grip.
Her husband had gone down on her many times, more times than Pam could count by now. He was a wonderful lover, intimately familiar with Pam's body after all their years of marriage, but there was something different about having a woman eat her out. Tanya knew just what to do, her technique beyond reproach. Her tongue hit what seemed to be every nerve in Pam's body. Tanya's face was dappled in Pam's juices, but she loved it, gorging on mouthful after mouthful.
"Oh God, Tanya," Pam could not help but moan.
"Ooooh, baby, I love it when you say my name like that," came the husky-voiced response.
Pam giggled breathlessly, feeling Tanya's tongue slide back inside her. She reached down to stroke at Tanya's hair.
"Say my name again," Tanya demanded, slipping her tongue out of Pam again.
Pam grunted in frustration, pressing down on Tanya's head, hoping to force her back inside her pussy. Tanya's response was to instead suck hard at her clit, making Pam obey Tanya without a thought, moaning out her name as she felt the first twinges of an orgasm. Just before it peaked, Tanya stopped, making Pam grunt again. Tanya's tongue slid back inside and although the sensation made tremors go up and down Pam's spine, she wanted those lips at her clit again.
Her hands curled, getting a good grip on Tanya's hair, trying to move her face up so she could rub her clit against Tanya's mouth. The other woman did not budge an inch, and even reached up to grab hold of Pam's wrist, squeezing slightly. Pam did not let up either, doing her best to move Tanya towards her clit, but she was no match for Tanya. The hand around her wrist squeezed harder, but the pain added to the sensory cocktail, making Pam's pleasure mount. Another harsh squeeze, and she got the message, leaning back into the bed and letting Tanya take her time.
And take her time she did. It was sweet, incandescent torture, Tanya's talented tongue lapping at her pussy, occasionally pulling back to give a cruel kiss at Pam's clit, only to retreat and dive back into her pussy. Pam was desperate. In front of her was the edge of orgasm; she just needed a little push.
"Please, Tanya, make me cum, please!"
Tanya chuckled at the needy note in her voice. Her tongue again deserted Pam's cunt, but seconds later a finger slid inside, crooking against the inner walls as it went. Tanya's hot breath tickled Pam's trembling thighs as she watched the desire play over Pam's face. They locked eyes again.
And then Tanya pounced, her mouth descending on Pam's clit. Her finger sped up, and she sucked, halting sobs now pouring from Pam's mouth. Tanya this time did not stop, and the combination easily did Pam in. Cream flooded from her cunt as she came, body jerking in a series of spasms. Tanya held her in place easily; at some point, she had moved her mouth down, to close it over Pam's slit and indulge in her cum.
The fire had burned through Pam's body, and now was lessening. Flames of lust were still licking at her flesh, her nerves raw and sensitive. She felt Tanya kissing at her neck again. Seconds later she was kissing Pam; there was a strange tanginess on Tanya's tongue.
That's my cum, Pam realized, and without another thought she started to lick at Tanya's chin and cheeks, tasting herself. Tanya laughed, and when Pam had cleaned her off, moved back to climb off the bed.
"Come back," Pam teased, crawling to the edge of the bed, smiling saucily. Her hand reached out to the waistband of the sweatpants, eager to return the favor.
"No," Tanya said, pushing the hand away. Pam frowned, but it disappeared when Tanya took off her shirt. Underneath she was bra-less, so her breasts were revealed in all of their glory. They were large, set like dual teardrops, pert flesh swaying slightly due to Tanya's movement. The areolas were a slightly darker shade of brown, rivaling the finest mahogany in its tint. Thick nipples crowed each breast, the proverbial cherry on top.
Pam stood, biting her lip. They looked so delectable, Pam imagining they would feel so good in her hands, in her mouth. She decided to find out.
Both women moaned as Tanya's breasts were treated to tender kisses. Pam savored the feel of them, the taste in her mouth. Pam's breasts were small, but perky, whereas Tanya's were heftier, spilling out of Pam's grip as she took a firm hold. Tanya sighed in pleasure, pushing her chest out, gasping as Pam sucked a firm nipple into her mouth. She reveled in the feeling as she rolled her tongue over the hard bud.
Now I know why men love doing this.
Her hand massaged at Tanya's breast. Her other hand slid over Tanya's abs, but were again denied at the waistband.
"Let me return the favor," Pam begged, her wrist again shackled by Tanya's iron grip. The other woman smiled, and pushed Pam back, settling her on the edge of the bed. Pam took in the exotic sensuality of this lovely woman standing in front of her.
Tanya pulled down her sweatpants and kicked them off.
Pam gasped in shock at what was between her legs. She had of course expected a pussy much like her own, maybe hairier or with thicker lips. But what hung there was the opposite.
"Wait, what?" Pam muttered, not sure what to think.
Tanya laughed.
Pam was confused, but her mouth watered as the long, thick cock twitched, as if responding to her gaze. Her eyes traveled down the veined shaft, to the balls hanging underneath.
"Surprised?" Tanya asked teasingly.
"Yes," Pam said. The cock swelled, growing larger.
"I told you this would be a story to tell."
"You weren't lying."
Pam stared, her mind slowly processing it. Her body was far ahead, already responding to the cock in front of it, thighs unconsciously rubbing together, lips parting for her tongue to play across them. She watched as Tanya took her shaft in her hand, stroking it slowly, her closed fist taking ages to get up to the bulbous head.
"It's so big," Pam marveled as it reacted to the touch, growing even more.
"Ten inches," Tanya told her. "Not that it matters."
Pam glanced up at her. "I had no idea."
"It's not like you should've. I don't scream 'shemale'."
Pam nodded.
"Are you going to keep staring or are you going to suck my cock?"
The question broke through Pam's haze of aroused confusion. Part of her, a small part of her, thought she should not, that she should end this now. The rest of her wanted to keep going.
I've come this far.
She leaned forward to lick at the head. It twitched and she drew back, watching it grow more. Her hand replaced Tanya's, the contrast between her own pale hand and the dark cock flesh adding to the taboo. It was so thick it dwarfed her dainty hand, a solid heat throbbing into her palm. She stroked it slowly, taking the head in her mouth again. Tanya groaned, feeling her warm mouth close around her, groaning again as Pam gently sucked. A tangy flavor dripped onto her taste buds, and she drew back again, watching as a strand of pre-cum hung from the head. Her other hand came up to collect it, rubbing it back over the shaft.
Her mouth pushed further, Pam still sucking lazily. Tanya groaned, her hands tangling in Pam's long brown hair, mimicking Pam's actions from when their roles were reversed. But when Pam tried to draw back again, Tanya was having none of it, forcing her to stay where she was. Pam groaned at the assertiveness, feeling her lips forced to open wider, her lower lips getting steadily wetter as she tasted more and more of Tanya's length.
Tanya cursed as she fed Pam more cock. It was so thick, so heavy, so hot, filling Pam's vision. She groaned, sliding a hand down into her thong.
"You like my cock, don't you?"
Pam nodded, trying again to come off it to tell Tanya how much she loved it. But Tanya had a firm hold on her, and besides, that casual assertiveness was turning Pam on to no end.
"Yeah, suck my cock, suck it good," Tanya muttered. Another inch forced its way into Pam's mouth, and she could feel the head tickling the back of her throat. Another inch had Pam fighting to not gag. She won the battle, and gurgled eagerly as yet another inch slipped inside. Pam looked up, right into Tanya's fierce gaze; more juice dripped steadily out of her slit at the sight. The other woman watched Pam as inch after inch after inch occupied her mouth.
Pam was eager to please, and Tanya was insistent, so in no time at all, Tanya's fat cock was buried down Pam's throat. Her eyes watered, throat constricting around the foreign meat; her pussy was clenching, spilling more cream, her thong drenched. The tableau of Tanya's abs filled her view, the smell of her musk filling her nose as it pressed against Tanya's belly.
And then Tanya pulled out. Her cock looked gigantic, gleaming with Pam's saliva.
I had this down my throat, Pam marveled, as she licked happily at the shaft. Tanya chuckled.
"You're a bit of a slut, aren't you?"
A delicious thrill ran through Pam at her words. She locked eyes with Tanya again.
"I can be more of a slut for you."
Tanya laughed, stroking Pam's hair.
"I can-"
Pam was cut off by Tanya shoving her cock back inside, sending more than half of her length into that warm mouth. Her lips were forced to stretch again, and she groaned at the impertinent assault.
"Enough talk," Tanya ordered, her face hardening, "suck my cock."
Pam moaned, excited by the rough talk. Her hand slid along her folds, teasing her slit. She sucked eagerly, more cock filling her mouth as Tanya leisurely pumped her hips. A few streams of saliva leaked from Pam's lips, sticking to her cheek, trickling down to her chin. Tanya pumped again, giving Pam more thick shaft to suck and taste.
"You look so hot with my cock down your throat," Tanya commented. Pam giggled around the mouthful of meat. Her hand was so slick, coated liberally in her juices.
Another push and Pam's throat was clogged with cock. The saliva streamed more, as her lips were made to stay open for Tanya's usage. Tanya grunted harshly as she thrust another time, this time more forcefully. Pam's nose bumped into her abs again, the entire length of Tanya's cock sheathed in her gullet.
Pam whimpered, feeling that thick heat pulse in her throat. Tanya's heavy balls sat on her chin, her own saliva sticking to the crinkled skin.
"You like my cock, baby?" asked Tanya, stroking Pam's bulging cheek. Pam nodded eagerly, moaning excitedly on her fat prick.
"Ooooh," Tanya cooed, shivering at the feeling of that moan vibrating onto her shaft. "Do that again, slut."
Pam did not have to fake it. Being called 'slut' made her moan instinctively, loving the sound of the word, taking that label upon herself for Tanya.
Tanya pulled back, Pam's eyes locking on the dark brown flesh appearing before her eyes. She only had a few seconds to appreciate it before it shoved back into her mouth. Tanya grunted, grinding herself into Pam's face. Pam whined, her other hand moving to clutch at Tanya's thick thigh. She felt the muscle rippling as Tanya pulled back, only to thrust again. Tanya began to thrust, her hips moving back and forth, her thick length relentlessly fucking Pam's throat.
In seconds, Tanya had a demanding pace set up. Pam could not keep up, gurgling meekly as Tanya roughly fucked her face. Those heavy balls slapped at her chin, the saliva there sticking to them as they hit. When they pulled back with the cock, sticky strands of said saliva connected them to Pam's chin. Tanya grunted, snapping her hips back and forth.
Pam came, her pussy gushing out onto her hand, body quivering. She squealed powerlessly into the onslaught. It was so amazing, being fucked like this, being used like this. Pam felt like a slut; she loved the feeling.
Tanya pulled out, leaving Pam a gasping mess. She gave her no time to recover, lifting her massive shaft up and dropping her balls onto Pam's face with a wet thump. Pam groaned, moving her mouth, trying to taste them, to suck them into her mouth, but Tanya chuckled as she dragged them around on her face, evading her lustful lips. They slathered all over, from chin to cheeks to forehead. Pam whimpered pathetically, wanting them in her mouth, but also loving the feeling, the naughty lewdness of those heavy sacks on her face.
"Let me suck your balls," she finally begged. Tanya laughed.
"Slut," she teased, finally dipping her balls into Pam's open mouth. She sucked frantically, worshipping them. A sea of cum was pent-up there; Pam imagined it, floating around, inches from her. At the thought of it, a desire crystallized inside her.
I want her cum.
"I want your cum," she moaned, taking her mouth off Tanya.
Tanya raised an eyebrow. "I don't remember telling you to stop sucking my balls."
Pam obeyed immediately, trembling at the words, locking her mouth around the two sacks again. She looked up at Tanya, who smiled down at her, running her hand through Pam's hair. The sound was so loud, so lewd, the wet smack of her lips and tongue slobbering all over Tanya's balls; it echoed in Pam's ears, driving home how much of a slut she was acting like right now. Her hand began to move again, rubbing slowly along her folds.
"That feels so good," Tanya breathed. Pam beamed, sucking harder, bathing those balls in her spit. She watched as Tanya moved her hand, and began to lazily jerk off, her hand slowly moving up and down the gargantuan shaft. Pam moaned onto Tanya's balls, drool running all over, dripping down onto Pam's corset, sticking to the material.
Those cum-laden sacks felt so good in her mouth. They tasted so musky, so tangy, the smell clogging her nostrils, making her eyes water. Pam kept masturbating, doting on Tanya's balls, plopping them out of her mouth so she could run her tongue along them, collecting the saliva she had bathed them with. Her eyes drifted up Tanya's abs, pausing at her large breasts for a few moments, before heading up to Tanya's face to lock eyes with her. Tanya's mouth quirked up in a small smile as she watched the older woman readily service her balls.
Tanya's hand began to move a bit faster. It would slide halfway down the shaft, and go back up to rub at the head. The motion sped up, Pam beginning to suck on her balls again, hoping that this meant that Tanya was ready to finish. In seconds, her hand was a blur, and so were Pam's fingers at her cunt.
"You want my cum, baby?" Tanya asked. Pam nodded with a mouthful of ballsack.
"Okay, slut, it's coming down the pipe!"
Tanya yanked her balls out of Pam's mouth and replaced them with just the head of her cock. She stroked harder, her hand bumping into Pam's lips. Pam was momentarily confused, but was still letting Tanya dictate the pace. She happily sucked on the head, her body getting ready for another orgasm.
The first blast was a surprise as Tanya gave her no warning. She just grunted, and Pam felt a hot liquid splash across her tongue. By the time she had realized what had happened, Tanya was dumping the rest of her load on Pam's tongue. She felt the heady flavor sizzle into her taste buds, and then came, her juices leaking out onto her fingers.
"Don't swallow it yet," Tanya hissed. That had been Pam's instinct, but she held off for Tanya. She simply knelt there, more spurts of semen hitting her tongue. There was so much of it; some trickled out past her lips, sticking to her cheek.
Tanya waited a few moments after she was done, stroking her cock a few more times, to get all of her load out. The head popped back out of Pam's mouth.
"Show me my load," Tanya ordered. Pam obeyed, tilting her head back and opening her mouth to reveal the pool of thick cum sitting on her tongue. A few globs overflowed, dripping down her chin, but the rest stayed where it was, Pam obediently displaying it.
Tanya reached down and swiped a finger through the sea. She brought it to her lips and made a show of sucking her finger clean.
"Now you can swallow, slut," Tanya said. Pam did so immediately, the hot load washing down her throat to slosh in her belly. She felt warmed up by it, by the gift Tanya had so graciously given her.
Pam only had a few seconds to savor it, before a strong yank on her hair pulled her painfully to her knees. She moaned, the pain mixed with a pleasure, a deep tingling from the way Tanya so roughly handled her.
Tanya's mouth closed over hers, her tongue slipping in to dominate Pam's mouth. Her hand dipped between them to pat Pam's mound, making her moan into the kiss. Pam could not help but grind hopefully into Tanya's palm.
The kiss broke and once again Pam was staring into Tanya's lustful gaze.
"Get on the bed," she ordered. Pam quickly moved, crawling onto it, doing her best to show off her ass and legs to Tanya as she did so. She turned onto her back, spreading her legs, moving her hand again down to her wet sex.
Tanya purred, watching this display of wantonness. Her hand came up to stroke along Pam's shoulder, and it dipped down slightly to tug at the edge of her corset.
"Sorry, baby," she said, turning Pam onto her stomach, her fingers beginning to undo the laces, "but I've got to see your body."
Pam pouted, feeling sexy in the lingerie, but kept still as Tanya began to remove the corset. She pulled it out from underneath her, and then moved Pam onto her back. Her hands moved to the garter belt.
"It makes me feel sexy," Pam explained, squirming.
"Babe, you're sexy, end of story," Tanya replied, making Pam blush. The garter belt joined the corset, tossed to the floor, and she was in the thong and her stockings. Luckily, Tanya kept the stockings on, but yanked off the thong, Pam's glistening slit on display.
Tanya licked her lips in hunger as she stared at the older woman.
"Damn baby, you're gorgeous," she breathed, leaning down to kiss at Pam's neck. Pam groaned, her heart pounding as she felt Tanya's bare flesh brush against hers. The compliment only made her hotter, knowing what Tanya thought of her. Tanya's mouth traveled south, and Pam held her breath as it reached her breasts.
Tanya's tongue flicked out, and she dragged it along a breast, just above the nipple. Pam groaned, arching her back, offering more of herself to Tanya, who eagerly took advantage, sucking that soft flesh into her mouth, lightly scraping her teeth against it. The feeling made Pam whine, made her writhe, that hot mouth tasting her breast. She felt Tanya press against her. That hard cock rested against her thigh, staining it with pre-cum.
Shivers ran through Pam, as Tanya sucked and kissed her breast, purposefully avoiding the nipple. Pam groaned in frustration; her nipples were very sensitive, and she wanted so badly to feel that hot mouth there. But she knew by now that Tanya was the one in charge. Another shiver ran through her at that thought, the thought that she was freely submitting to this woman.
Luckily, she did not have to wait long. Tanya's mouth moved, and closed around Pam's nipple, sucking fiercely. Pam cried out, shocks of pleasure bursting through her, the tender nipple bathed in warmth and wetness.
"Oooh, are your nipples sensitive?" Tanya asked. Pam nodded, gasping, and cried out again when Tanya quickly took the other in her mouth. Her hand moved to occupy the one she had just sucked on, and she began to drive Pam insane with pleasure. One nipple was being sucked, licked, and occasionally grazed by teeth, that light scrape making Pam squeal. The other was incessantly stroked, Tanya's hand stroking and rubbing. The combination was so powerful, making Pam's cunt flood with her juices. Tanya switched back and forth between her breasts, but always made sure that one had her mouth on it and the other her hand at it.
By the time Tanya decided to move on, Pam was teetering on the edge of another orgasm. Tanya took up position between Pam's thighs, and stroked along Pam's drenched mound. Her hand slid up, lingering to press down at Pam's clit; that last sensation pushed Pam over the edge, and she came. Tanya chuckled, watching Pam jerk her hips up, gripping handfuls of the bedsheets as orgasmic cream cascaded from her pussy. A single strained cry burst from her throat as she crested the peak.
Before she could recover, she felt something hard nudge against her slit. Her eyes flickered down to see Tanya's massive cock preparing to push inside her. She groaned, feeling the thick head rub all over her, collecting her errant juices.
"Take me," she begged. Tanya ignored her, working to lube up the head of her cock with some of the spilled cum from Pam's cunt.
"Please," she begged, squirming with need. "I need your cock."
She opened her mouth again, to shamelessly beg, but Tanya's cock pushed in between her lips. Pam's mouth dropped open, her words forgotten and replaced by halting moans as Tanya's shaft slowly but surely began to fill her. Her pussy was stretched quickly, that thickness forcing its way inside, but she was so wet, so slick, that there was little issue in her taking Tanya. Pam's mind went blank; all that mattered was thick, hot, throbbing cock.
Tanya groaned. "Fuck, you're so wet," she said. "You feel so good on my cock, baby, so fucking good."
"Please," Pam whimpered, "give me more."
"Calm down, slut."
Pam moaned, jerking, desperate for that cock to fill her. She did not even know if she could take it, but she so badly wanted to.
"Please, Tanya, I need- oh God yes!" she screamed, original plea cut off as Tanya pushed forward, more of her length slipping into Pam. Her cunt clutched at it, loving that naked flesh rubbing against it. Briefly it flashed into her head that maybe Tanya should be wearing a condom, but they were too far gone, and besides, Pam wanted to feel her cock, with nothing between them.
"Tanya, please, I need more, please!"
Tanya was gracious, thrusting further. Pam cried out with joy. Her pussy flowered open further, more thick meat packing her channel full.
"You've taken about six inches," Tanya told her.
Pam grunted. "Give me more," she begged desperately.
Tanya again granted her wish. Pam squealed, feeling that heat moving so deep inside her. Her juices dribbled from her stretched lips, streaking along her soft flesh, slicking her taint.
Another thrust, and Pam wept in sweet agony as her cunt was put to the test, made to take more than it had ever before. That thick cock was reaching so deep inside her, but when she peeked down between her legs, she could still see some of Tanya's length outside of her cunt.
"More," she moaned. Tanya grunted, her eyes closed, teeth gritted, enjoying the slick tightness around her shaft.
"Fuck, you feel so fucking good," she gasped. "So fucking good."
"Please..."
"You want more, baby?"
"I want all of you. Please..."
Tanya chuckled. "Sure thing, baby, sure thing, I'll give you what you want."
Pam moaned in thanks, but was caught off-guard by a hard thrust. The rest of Tanya's cock slid inside her, Pam's cunt now packed full. The deepest parts of her channel were made to stretch wide, that thickness lodged entirely inside her. Tanya's balls bumped against Pam's taint, and Pam came, her juices flooding out. She sobbed, clutching to Tanya, closing her legs around Tanya's waist, her cunt dominated by cock.
"Fuck," Tanya gasped. Her hot breath was on Pam's neck as she trembled, overcome by the feeling of Pam's needy cunt cumming around her.
They stayed still for a moment, Pam breathing heavily as her orgasm receded. Tanya's mouth found hers, and they kissed, Pam groaning as she squirmed, every movement rubbing her pussy against Tanya's veined shaft.
Pam was reveling in the feeling of Tanya's tongue conquering her mouth the way her cock dominated her cunt. So she was again caught off-guard when Tanya pulled half of her length back and slammed it inside again. Pam's scream was muffled by Tanya's mouth, and so were the following ones as Tanya began to fuck her. She pumped her hips, cock moving like a piston inside Pam's soaked channel. Pam's body began to tense, her cunt clutching and squeezing as it took that fat prick deep, the thickness hitting previously unknown spots.
When Tanya's mouth slid down to Pam's neck, her moans of pleasure were audible, spilling out of her in droves. Tanya was fucking her, thrusting eagerly, laying into Pam's stretched cunt with glee. Each impact rocked Pam, made her grunt, made her breasts bounce and her eyes roll back in her head. It felt so good, so wonderful.
Tanya's hand found Pam's clit. She began to rub, Pam gasping, feeling her pleasure mount even more, disbelieving that it could get any higher, that her body could accept that much of it in one go and not fall apart. Tanya was merciless. Her fat prick screwed back and forth, her hot mouth leaving bruises on Pam's pale flesh, her hand rubbing at Pam's clit. A hot tightness cropped up, deep in Pam's belly, in her center, a pulsing feeling that began to swell. It was different than anything she had ever felt before.
Tanya's mouth closed over a nipple, sucking at it, and Pam mewled, her body and mind buffeted by all of the sensations. She jerked, writhed, bucked, losing control of herself, crying incoherently, saying 'please', 'cock', 'deeper, 'Tanya', and other assorted sounds. It was hard for her to figure out what to focus on, Tanya's cock, her mouth, her hand, her warm body. It swarmed Pam, overwhelming her. She cried out in a mix of lust and fear as she felt that deep tightness spread and swirl in her belly; she had no idea what it was or what was going to happen.
The tightness swelled further, pulsing just above her cunt. Tanya's cock fucked her into a stupor, her mouth now nipping at Pam's breasts, her hand moving faster at Pam's clit. She wanted to beg Tanya to stop because she was scared at the intensity of it all. The thought passed as she reminded herself that Tanya was in charge, and would take care of her.
Her pussy clutched fruitlessly, Tanya's prick moving quickly. Her nipples ached slightly at Tanya's eager treatment. Her clit throbbed from Tanya's ruthless stroking. Pam's back arched, her body on the edge of an even higher cliff, the feeling in her belly so agonizingly taut, stretched to the breaking point.
And then it broke.
Pam screamed as she felt gushes of juice spurt from her cunt. Her body seized, muscles straining, waves of fiery pleasure washing over her; the tightness began to recede as more juices burst from her, Pam weeping mindlessly. She held desperately to Tanya, the other woman her only anchor in a sea of lust.
The spurts quickly tapered off, and the tightness disappeared, leaving Pam a trembling, aching mess. Every inch of her had been alight in pleasure and now every inch of her basked in the afterglow. She felt Tanya begin to move, and clung tightly, gulping in air, trying to regain her senses. Tanya was understanding, kissing softly at Pam's neck, whispering soft assurances into her ear.
"Did I pee or something?" Pam asked, still unsure what had happened.
Tanya chuckled. "No, you just squirted. I guess that was your first time."
Pam nodded, and then Tanya began to pull out. Inch after inch of her fat cock appeared, Pam licking her lips at the sight. When it was fully unsheathed, she noticed slick liquid all over it, as well as Tanya's balls, thighs, and belly.
"You squirted all over me," Tanya scolded, reaching down to take a fistful of Pam's hair. Pam moaned as Tanya pulled her up, onto her knees.
"Clean me off," she ordered, and Pam set to work. She licked up as much of it as she could find, letting the tangy liquid run along her taste buds, comparing the taste to that of Tanya's cum. Her efforts took her all along Tanya's cock, down to her balls, which Pam could not help but suck into her mouth. She slurped all over them like candy until Tanya's voice broke through her haze.
"You're supposed to clean me off," she reminded Pam. Pam let her balls pop out of her mouth, and apologized before continuing over to Tanya's thighs. She licked along the flesh, and when it was clean, she moved up to Tanya's belly, dutifully cleaning it off, dragging her tongue along Tanya's abs.
Pam checked one last time to see if she had done her job. When she found it satisfactory she sat back on her knees and looked up at Tanya.
"Good job, slut," Tanya said. Pam beamed, moving to kiss Tanya.
She got halfway there before Tanya locked a hand around her neck and shoved her back down onto her back. In a second Tanya was on her, and Pam had no time to prepare before Tanya thrust back inside Pam's wetness. Her cunt was still wet, but Tanya could not get the entirety in one go. A few inches remained outside.
Pam shrieked, taken by surprise. She began to moan as Tanya began to fuck her again, the rest of her cock slipping inside Pam after a series of intense thrusts. The bed creaked and shifted as Tanya rutted, her balls slapping into Pam's taint. Pam again locked her legs around Tanya's waist. Her head turned left to right, eyes clenched shut. Tanya took advantage again, leaning down to suck at Pam's neck.
The hands gripping her hips moved, and Tanya took a hold of Pam's firm ass. She tilted it up, shifting the angle, until it felt like Tanya's cock was thrusting into Pam's belly. Pam groaned, feeling like that thickness was filling her, taking up so much space inside her.
Tanya shifted, and suddenly lifted Pam's ass higher. It caught Pam by surprise, and confused her, but she just lay back to let Tanya do what she wanted. Her hips were made to raise up, until they were higher than her head. She looked up at Tanya as the other woman pounded into her cunt; Tanya's teeth were gritted, her large breasts bouncing as she fucked.
One of Tanya's hands moved, and she again found Pam's clit. Pam yelped, her sensitive button being pushed again. Tanya kept fucking her, her strong thrusts keeping Pam's cunt wide open as her fingers drew circles on Pam's clit. Pam could only lay there and groan; she felt that tightness swell in her belly again. At least this time, she knew what it meant.
"You're gonna make me squirt," she said. Tanya laughed.
"That's the idea."
Pam groaned, her body seizing. From this position, she could see Tanya's cock moving in and out, in and out, like a throbbing piston. She could also see her own juices, streaming from her slit, trickling down onto her belly. Tanya rubbed harder on her clit, the tightness swelling quicker than before, Pam gasping as she felt her body again teeter on the edge, driven to the same dizzying heights by Tanya.
"I'm gonna squirt all over you again," she warned.
"No," Tanya growled, "you won't."
Pam did not understand what she meant, but did not care. Her body was on the edge, only a handful of seconds left before she squirted. She tossed her head back, eyes closing at the buzzing pleasure inside her.
Tanya's cock pulled out, leaving her pussy so quickly it was almost painful in its suddenness. Pam opened her eyes, confused, and was even more confused when Tanya pushed further on her hips. Pam's body was bent into a 'c' shape, her drenched cunt so close to her face. She could see her swollen lips clutching as if awaiting more cock. Tanya's hand rubbed hard at her clit, the tightness at its peak.
Pam realized what Tanya was planning.
She moaned, sounding so slutty to her own ears. Seconds later, she came, squirting again, her flesh on fire, her cunt the center of this sweet blaze. The first thick splatter landed on her breasts, and Pam cried out, the liquid sticky and steaming hot. Tanya watched, lazily stroking her cock, as Pam squirted all over herself, the spray hitting as high as her face, splashing onto her cheeks, dripping quickly down into her mouth. Pam whimpered, so turned on by this obscene act, closing her eyes against the intense feeling.
So she did not see Tanya move back, until her cock was just outside Pam's cunt. She quickly took hold of Pam again and drove her cock back inside, stopping with just an inch or two outside.
Pam screamed, her body so sensitive. She grunted lustfully, starting to grind her stuffed cunt up on Tanya, and the rest of Tanya's shaft quickly slipped inside. Tanya began to fuck again, and after a few thrusts began again to rub at Pam's clit. Pam groaned, knowing what Tanya wanted, and wanting to have it done to her. The tightness returned, like an old friend, swelling quickly in her belly. It pulsated, growing with every second.
It took practically no time for Tanya to again force Pam into a squirting, sobbing orgasm. Tanya again pulled out just in time, making Pam douse her own breasts and face in her own squirted juices. She felt so slutty, this time even opening her mouth, catching some of the tangy juice on her tongue, swallowing it eagerly. Tanya watched, smiling.
Pam groaned, squirming on the bed, her ass still in Tanya's grip. Her body was sore, her breath coming in ragged gasps. The squirted cum was all over her; she could feel it coating her breasts and making her face a glistening mess. Some of it had shot high enough to splash into her hair, plastering it to her forehead and cheeks. Tanya gave her a few moments to recover, but then pushed back into her stretched cunt, slipping so far inside. Yet again one last inch remained outside of her.
The tightness had barely receded before it sprung up again, Tanya fucking Pam as she rubbed at her clit. Pam's mouth opened and closed, no sound coming out beyond weak mewling. She was being pushed so hard, so far, Tanya wringing these orgasms out of her body. It almost hurt, her body flooded with these mind-numbing waves of pleasure.
Pam's third squirting orgasm left her a mess, weeping and gasping, her face, breasts and belly soaked again. More of the juices sprayed into her mouth, and she swirled her tongue around. The taste of her own squirted cream was now familiar to her.
As the last few squirts lanced onto her face, Pam twitching at each one, the exhaustion began to wash over her. Tanya had given her so much pleasure that her body could not handle it, her strength ebbing greatly. She sighed, eyes closing, her body drifting into sleep.
When her eyes opened again, it was still dark out. She could tell she had napped for only a little bit. Tanya was sitting up, next to her, browsing on her phone.
Pam stretched, her body feeling reinvigorated from her nap. Tanya caught the movement out of the corner of her eye.
"How do you feel?" she asked. Pam smiled.
"Great. How long was I out for?"
"A few hours."
Pam nodded; Tanya leaned over to put her phone on the nightstand. Her hands immediately went to her sweatpants, and she slid them off in a flash, her cock popping back out. Pam's mouth watered, her cunt clenching at the memory of that monster inside her. Tanya watched her, smiling slightly, her hand closed over the shaft and starting to stroke slowly. A small dollop of pre-cum seeped from the head. Tanya smeared it over her shaft. Pam's eyes traveled down the fat length, moving down to her testicles.
"I know what you want," Tanya said. "Go ahead."
Pam pounced.
Tanya lay back, watching Pam lick enthusiastically at her balls. She could taste Tanya's sweat and musk, the sweet tang sticking to her tongue. Her hand went down, sliding along her slit with a mind of its own. Pam opened her lips and put the testicles in her mouth, sucking on them with a slutty fervor.
Tanya's fingers curled in Pam's hair, and she yanked back roughly, her balls popping wetly out of Pam's mouth. They glistened with her spit, their taste all over her tongue.
"Ride me," Tanya ordered. Pam moved quickly to straddle her. She raised up in a crouch, her lips sliding against the head of Tanya's tool. It prodded into her slit, and Pam began to slowly rub against the head, making both herself and Tanya groan in pleasure. Tanya got impatient quickly, grabbing Pam by the hips and yanking her down. Pam cried out as her pussy sank halfway down onto Tanya's length. Her cunt was still well-stretched, from the earlier poundings she had taken. That thickness soon filled her as she slid down slowly, until she was impaled on the shaft. It was so deep inside her that she felt if she opened her mouth the head would peek out.
She began to ride, doing her best to grind her hips. The sensation of that fat shaft occupying her cunt, her walls rubbing against every inch, made her tremble and lick her lips. Tanya watched, groaning softly, as Pam rode her cock, fucking herself on the length. Her motions sped up, and she shot out her hands, filling her palms with Tanya's breasts, using them to brace herself. She took the opportunity to squeeze and caress them, appreciating the voluptuous flesh.
Pam spent the next few minutes leisurely riding Tanya. Her cunt wept all over it, Pam's juices trickling down to stick at Tanya's balls. She groaned happily, her head angled back, hands at Tanya's breasts. In response, Tanya began to stroke at Pam's breasts. Her fingers tweaked and pulled on Pam's sensitive nipples, making the older woman yelp and ride her harder. Pam gritted her teeth, each careless caress producing a lancing pleasure through her, joining the burning pleasure located in her cunt. It felt so good, her nipples being touched like that, her cunt being filled like that.
Tanya then took her by surprise, rearing up and then flipping over, pinning Pam underneath her. As soon as she was on top of Pam she began to fuck her, pumping her hips. Pam groaned, squirming, looking up at this divine woman now giving her cunt a good, deep pounding.
When Tanya pulled out, Pam mewled desperately, reaching out for her cock. Tanya let her touch it, reverently stroke it, let Pam lead it back to her cunt. It nudged at her lips, and Pam whimpered, wordlessly begging Tanya for her cock. Another soft whimper was cut off when Tanya thrust, this time hilting on the first thrust, Pam's cunt taking it all in one go. She was overwhelmed by the sheer amount of meat stuffed inside her.
"Looks like your pussy is broken in now," Tanya growled. Pam jerked, gnashing her teeth, so turned on by that thought.
"You can take me so easily," Tanya purred. "From head," she continued, as her cock pulled back until it was just inside her lips, "to the base," she finished, hilting again in one thrust, Pam's silence broken as she screamed. Tanya did it again, pulling out almost all the way before shoving inside all the way. Again and again she repeated, but Tanya's pace slowed down, until her cock was slowly dragging against Pam's walls as she slid back, and just as slowly brushing against those same walls as she hilted. Pam clutched at Tanya's shoulders, moaning as her cunt was slowly screwed.
The slow repetition lulled her into a sense of complacency, but Tanya ended that, giving her pussy a rough thrust that made Pam cum, head flying back, mouth opening, ragged gasp spilling out. The fat cock ground against Pam, her balls pressed into Pam's taint yet again. She started to fuck Pam, jabbing her cock into the depths of her flooded cunt.
"You want my load, baby?"
Pam groaned, nodding, eyes wide. She suddenly so badly wanted that, so terribly wanted to feel that hot, thick cum clog her pussy.
"Beg for it, then," Tanya demanded, making Pam whimper. "Beg for my load like a good little slut."
There was no thought needed for Pam, no hesitation or defiance.
"Please," she mewled, "give me your cum, please! Shoot it in my cunt!"
Tanya chuckled. "Keep going."
"Please, Tanya, please, blow your load right in my pussy, please, fill me up, fill my cunt, please, Tanya, I need it!"
"Keep going."
"Please, Tanya, please, I need your cum, I need to feel it, please, Tanya, give it to me, give me your cum!"
"Ok, you want it, slut?" Tanya growled. "Here it comes, get ready to take it!"
Pam cried out, grinding her hips up into Tanya's rough thrusts.
"I need it!" she cried, "I need it!"
Her cunt came under assault, Tanya pounding into it with gusto, making Pam's flesh quiver. Each savage thrust made Tanya's balls slap into Pam, those fat testicles battering at her pale flesh, the thick load stored inside them about to be unleashed.
"Here it comes, slut!" Tanya growled.
Pam cried out, whatever words she had planned to say disappearing from her mind. All she could do was whine and grunt and sob, broken to the point of a bitch in heat, caring only about that fat prick and what it would soon deposit in her depths.
Tanya slammed deep inside Pam, and grunted as she came, a thick spurt of semen surging into her cunt. She gasped at the feeling, her cunt flooding as she came helplessly, the feeling of being bred by this exotic beauty overwhelming. A second spurt followed, jetting deep into her channel. The next spurts happened so quickly, one on top of the other, that Pam could not keep count. Spurt after spurt after spurt of Tanya's thick spunk blasted into her womb, filling it to the brim. The flow was seemingly endless, Tanya growling in Pam's ear as she ground her hips against Pam. Pam was trapped underneath her, but she loved it, feeling secure with Tanya's warm body pressing against her, feeling more semen gush from her prick.
The spurts finally trailed off, until it was over. Pam moaned, feeling so good in the aftermath, her body tingly. Her belly was warm, womb shot full of thick cum.
"Mmmm, bet you loved that, huh, baby?" Tanya purred.
Pam nodded, giggling. "Felt so good," she muttered. Tanya's lips began to move over her neck, sucking and nipping gently. Pam ran her hands over Tanya's bare back, sliding them down to squeeze at her ass.
Tanya started to move south, stopping briefly at Pam's breasts to suck at her nipples. Pam gasped, arching her back, her sensitive nipples again under attack. Tanya's mouth quickly continued, dragging over Pam's belly, stopping finally to tease her slit. She took a firm hold of Pam's hips, and surprised her again, turning her over onto her stomach. Pam went up on her hands and knees, but Tanya reared up and pressed Pam's head down, pushing it into the pillow, making her whimper with the assertiveness of it.
"Keep your ass up," Tanya ordered.
Pam obeyed, cheek pressed into the pillow, unable to see what Tanya was doing. A few long seconds passed. Nothing was happening.
And then her tongue pressed against Pam's slit. It slid up the lips, collecting the dew there. As Tanya tongued along her folds, her hands moved to Pam's ass cheeks, squeezing and grasping. Pam groaned, pushing back into that grip, feeling Tanya's fingers dig into her flesh, feeling Tanya's tongue tease her slit.
That wonderful tongue darted up to tease along Pam's clit. Pam gasped, arching her back, keeping her ass up. Tanya's tongue moved, daring to press at Pam's asshole.
"No!" Pam gasped, pulling away. Panic shot through her at that soft pressure.
"What is it, slut?" Tanya growled, pulling her back.
"No," she pleaded. "Not there."
"What? Your ass?"
"Please, no," Pam whispered.
"Why not, baby? Never had it there?"
Pam shook her head, shifting to look at Tanya.
"No. I never have and I don't want to."
Tanya laughed. "You'll love it, trust me."
"Noooo," Pam moaned, trying to move away. Tanya held her easily in place. She moved up over her back, ensuring that Pam could not escape. Her fingers dug into Pam's hair and she yanked back.
"Are you my slut?" she growled harshly in Pam's ear. Pam whined.
"Answer the question. Are you my slut for tonight?"
Pam whined again. Tanya yanked back, making Pam squeal. Her head was throbbing with an ache from Tanya's rough treatment, but it made her body burn hotter.
"Answer the fucking question," Tanya growled again. "Are you my slut for tonight?"
Pam nodded. "Yes," she whispered meekly, "I am."
"Good," Tanya rasped, "then you'll take it up the ass, and love it."
"Noooo," Pam begged, "please don't, I don't want it."
"When I'm finished with you," Tanya snarled, "you'll love it."
"No, please, I don't want it," Pam continued to beg, but Tanya was having none of it. She moved back, to her prior position, and Pam whimpered, staying where she was, but hoping Tanya would stop what she had been doing.
"Spread your cheeks for me," Tanya ordered. Pam was hesitant.
"Do it, slut," Tanya snarled. Pam bit her lip, her hands moving back to obey Tanya. She spread her own cheeks, making herself vulnerable for Tanya. Her mind buzzed with fear and panic; she did not want anything involved with her ass, but Tanya did. Pam had descended into rampant submissive sluttiness and now she had to pay for it. Her body betrayed her, burning with lust at the thought of submitting even further. Her mind was warning her, however, of the dangers and dirtiness of anal sex. It warred within Pam, the result being her hands spreading herself for Tanya while she softly pleaded with her to stop.
Tanya, however, had her tongue already pressed at Pam's puckered asshole. Those pleading whines went ignored as she managed to poke inside Pam, making her murmur in fear.
"Noooo," Pam pleaded, but Tanya swirled her tongue around. Pam could not help but shudder at the sensation. It was similar to having a tongue in her pussy, but at the same time so different.
Tanya pushed further, but pulled back. The sudden retreat made Pam hopeful, but instead Tanya began sliding her tongue up and down on Pam's crinkled bud, slathering her asshole in saliva. Pam groaned at the realization that Tanya was beginning to lubricate her, to make her asshole wet to take something more than her tongue. That realization made her cunt wetter, but made her keep begging Tanya to not go any further.
"Relax, slut," Tanya said, squeezing intently at her hips.
Pam whined, keeping her head down on the pillow.
That tongue returned to Pam's asshole, and again pushed inside, Pam's sphincter tensing around it, unused to an invader. She tried to breathe normally, tried to relax as Tanya had ordered, but it was difficult. She had never tried anal sex, or anything involving her ass, since it just seemed too dirty for her. Obviously Tanya had no such qualms.
Her tongue continued to explore the entry to Pam's ass, sneaking inside again. She kept still, wanting to pull away but still letting Tanya do what she wanted.
Yet again, that tongue slipped back out.
"Your ass is tight," Tanya commented. Pam kept silent, trying to relax, trying to breathe normally.
The bed shifted, and Pam saw Tanya walk over to the nightstand, where her purse was. Pam's eyes fixed on Tanya's thick cock, her mouth watering at the sight. After a few seconds of digging through her purse, Tanya produced a small, clear bottle. Pam mewled in despair as she realized it was lube.
"Please, no," she begged, but Tanya ignored her, climbing back on to the bed.
"Keep your cheeks spread," was all she said.
After a few more seconds, something wet touched her asshole. It began to slather along the crinkled bud, and Pam whined as Tanya applied the lube, making sure the hole itself and the space around it was treated. The lube was cold, making Pam shiver, and Tanya teased her asshole with the tip of a finger. The finger slipped inside, helped by the lube. Her belly tightened, and not in a good way, Pam fearful of what this would lead to. But she still could not deny her arousal at her own submissiveness.
The finger pushed deeper, opening up Pam's asshole. Tanya chuckled, twisting her finger, the nail scraping ever so gently against Pam's insides, making her grit her teeth, barely biting back a frantic whimper. The lube certainly helped, but Pam could not help but be apprehensive. It still felt strange and unfamiliar.
"Just relax," Tanya soothed, using her other hand to stroke at Pam's back. The touch relaxed her somewhat, but the insistent pressure in her ass was countering it.
The hand at her back moved as the finger kept twisting slowly, trapped by Pam's tight asshole. In a few seconds, Pam felt a slight stroke at her pussy, moaning as Tanya began to slide her fingers along Pam's slit, trying to distract her from the uncomfortableness at her ass.
It worked, especially when the finger inside her stayed still, letting Pam get used to it. Tanya applied more lube, making sure there was plenty there. The other hand darted all around on Pam's folds, darting to tease at her clit, sneaking inside just barely, just enough to make Pam's lower lips open. The pleasure mounted, Pam beginning to relax.
And then Tanya added a second finger, pushing it through to join the first. Pam squealed, panicking again, but the fingers at her slit pushed through there, making her moan, suddenly torn between panic and pleasure. The twin feelings made her shiver, unsure of what to do.
Do whatever Tanya wants you to do, came the answer. The panic still persisted, but Pam was suddenly reminded that Tanya would not hurt her.
"Just relax," Tanya soothed, "and it'll be easier."
Pam whined, the two sets of fingers moving now. Tortured gasps spilled from her mouth at the sensation, both holes in use. Her wet pussy was easily accepting those fingers; her ass, on the other hand, was still tight, the two fingers not able to move much even with the lube. Nevertheless, Tanya kept twisting them, trying to gently push.
The next few minutes were a mix of fear, panic, lust and pleasure. The fear and panic was because of those two fingers, and the lust and pleasure was owed to the movement of the fingers in her cunt. Tanya was loosening Pam up, Pam knew, trying to ready Pam's ass for what would come soon. She keened, a thrill shooting through her at the thought of that thick shaft inside her ass.
One of the fingers in her cunt slipped out, and as the others kept stroking at her inner walls, it teased at Pam's clit. She groaned, jerking her hips, accidentally pushing herself back on both sets of fingers. The two in her ass slipped a bit deeper. The finger kept teasing at her clit, that torture bringing her mind off the uncomfortable feeling elsewhere. Tanya wanted to make Pam feel good, wanted her to relax while she prepared her ass.
Pam came, Tanya's finger tapping at her clit, the other fingers moving in her soaked cunt. As the waves of pleasure overwhelmed her, she felt Tanya's fingers push deeper in her ass, up to the last knuckle. To her surprise, it struck a nerve, making her orgasm wash over her a bit longer. They settled where they were, Tanya letting her rest again. The intent pressure and presence in her ass was strange, but something about it was better now, her ass opened up a bit more. She gasped softly, wondering if she was actually adjusting now.
The fingers withdrew, her sphincter closing quickly. She waited, wondering what was to come.
"Remember," Tanya purred from behind her, "just relax. I'll take it easy on you."
With that, something bigger than a finger pressed at her asshole. Pam still could not see behind her, so she had to completely trust Tanya. The blunt head of Tanya's cock pushed at the entrance, the tight sphincter resisting. Pam felt that slight pressure, gritting her teeth at it; the cock pulled back, and more lube was applied to her hole.
The pressure returned, and this time her asshole gave way after a few long seconds. Tanya exhaled, Pam whining as the head of her cock pushed inside, stretching her asshole more than the fingers had. Pain cropped up, and she bit her lip, trembling.
"You okay?" Tanya asked, reaching up to stroke at her back. As usual, the physical contact made Pam relax a little bit.
"I'm scared," Pam admitted. "I don't think I can take you there."
"Don't worry," she soothed, "you will, and you'll love it."
The dull ache at her asshole increased as the cock pushed further. Its blunt head slipped inside, Pam wincing as she was spread open around it. Tanya shifted behind her. A second later, Pam felt more lube drip down her crack.
Another push, and a bit more slipped inside. That ache still persisted but Pam was resigned to it. She had felt much worse in her lifetime.
This is nothing compared to giving birth.
Tanya had one hand gripping her hip, the other still trying to calm Pam down, running fingers along her back and shoulders. The grip on her hip tightened as she attempted another push, a bit more slipping in behind the head. Pam's asshole was again forced to stretch. The feeling there was such an alien sensation.
"Fuck, you're tight," Tanya moaned.
Pam whimpered. Those fingers at her back slipped down, and again Tanya began to distract Pam from what was going on in her ass. Her fingers tickled and teased along Pam's folds, adding more pleasure to the experience.
The cock pushed, more rigid meat entering her. The ache increased as her asshole was forced to open even further. But Tanya seemed to sense this, so her fingers slipped inside Pam's slit, now so used to Tanya's touch. They curled inside Pam, sliding against her inner walls, that sweet teasing in her cunt actually a great companion to the strange friction in her ass.
Tanya pushed again, grunting harshly with the feel of Pam's heated depths around her.
"Fuck, you're so tight," she gasped. "I'm glad I'm the first in, but damn, girl!"
Another push, and Pam's ass yielded more space. She keened, feeling the thick shaft begin to fill her anal channel. Tanya pushed again, gaining another inch or so; more trickles of lube dripped onto Pam's asshole, slicking the rest of the shaft as well. With the added lubrication, Tanya budged deeper, Pam groaning as she felt her cock slip deeper into her belly. It felt like nothing else Pam had ever experienced. The thick heat packed her insides, stretching her in strange places. Her mind tried to wrap around the sensation, to understand it, but when Tanya pressed forward again, that heavy thickness squeezing ever deeper into her bowels, her thoughts dissipated.
Throughout this exploration of Pam's insides, Tanya's fingers still curled and teased inside Pam's cunt, making her drip more and more juices. It distracted her from Tanya's efforts at her ass and at the same time added to that sensory experience. The two holes were of course right next to each other, so the feelings radiating from that area were on top of each other, buzzing out to arc through the rest of her body.
Tanya was very deft and steady with her claiming of Pam's ass. Her cock went slowly, edging bit by bit, stretching Pam's sphincter with its thick heft. Those naughty fingers in her pussy were very quickly driving up her arousal, each additional push into her ass only enhancing it, keeping Pam off balance, keeping her guessing about where the pleasure, where the next sensation, would come from. Behind her were the sounds of Tanya's pleasure, her grunts and rasps, the extreme pressure of Pam's tight anal channel very pleasurable for her. Despite the uncomfortableness and uncertainty in Pam's body and mind, respectively, she felt better knowing that she was making Tanya feel good.
"Fuck," Tanya exhaled, her fat prick sinking just a tick deeper into Pam.
Pam whimpered in response. Her cunt was dripping, clutching with need at Tanya's fingers. When one of those fingers again went to Pam's clit, she could feel an orgasm sneak closer and closer. And when that finger again started to tap at Pam's clit, Pam felt the orgasm hovering over her, seconds from hitting.
And then she came, her cunt leaking out more juices onto Tanya's hand. Just like last time, Tanya used the opportunity to go deeper into Pam's ass. Pam cried out, voice breaking, as Tanya's cock forced its way further, more of that solidness packing her bowels full of meat. It made her orgasm spike higher, the feel of that veined shaft moving against her walls.
Tanya paused, letting her recover, her hand still gently stroking Pam's slit.
"You can take your hands off your ass," she told Pam.
Pam did so, her hands moving to take hold of the bedsheets, needing that extra tactile sensation to anchor herself.
"How's it feel?" Tanya asked.
"Weird," Pam complained. "Never had anything in there."
"I know, babe," Tanya purred, leaning down to kiss at Pam's shoulder. "Trust me, you'll love it."
Pam began to answer, but the breath was stolen from her when Tanya pushed harder, slipping more into her ass. She groaned softly, and another push made her squeal, the head of Tanya's cock meeting some area of resistance, an area of her ass more stubborn than others.
Another splatter of lube trickled onto Pam's sphincter. Tanya growled, preparing for another push. Pam waited, holding her breath, expecting to feel that dull ache increase as she was made to take more cock. As she waited, she realized that the ache had actually decreased. Her asshole was now apparently adjusting to Tanya, just as her cunt had. Pam moaned at the thought of her ass being accustomed to cock.
Tanya pushed again, sliding even deeper. It was indescribable, all of that thick flesh buried snugly in Pam's insides. Every time it dragged forward, it seemed to slide against more and more of her anal channel, sending sparks of unfamiliar pleasure through Pam.
Another growl sounded from behind her, Pam shivering at the animalistic sound. Tanya's fingers tightened again on her hip, almost painfully so, and she thrust, burying more of her shaft inside Pam. Pam groaned, head buzzing, breathing heavily.
"Just a bit more," Tanya soothed. Pam nodded, gasping, cheek still resting on the pillow.
Tanya pushed, this time putting more force behind it, and more slipped inside, more than Pam had been able to manage in one push. Some stubborn barrier deep inside Pam's ass gave way. Tanya's cock slid deep, so deep, filling up Pam's belly to the brim. She squeaked with the feeling, with the sensation of that flesh packing her guts. Tanya's hips hit Pam's, and Pam moaned with the realization that after all that, Tanya had taken her ass. She had made her cock fit from head to root. Pam's cunt quivered, seeping more juices onto Tanya's fingers, still gently caressing.
"How does it feel?" Tanya purred, kissing at Pam's back.
Pam could not talk, could not think straight, due to the massive slab of meat lodged in her stomach. It felt so strange, but her body was on fire, her cunt so wet, her asshole forced to widen around an expanse of cock. Her belly felt so full, her core tight around the fat prick deep in her guts. Her mouth opened and closed, opened and closed, the only things escaping soft mewls.
Tanya chuckled. She spent the next few minutes staying still as she enjoyed Pam's tight heat around her cock. Her stillness allowed Pam to adjust, to get used to that cock so deep inside her. Even when she was used to it, however, even when she accepted the truth, that Tanya had conquered her ass, it still was so unfamiliar, so strange. Her mind still struggled to wrap around that fact, even though her body was compelled to accept it.
"Relax, slut," Tanya soothed, Pam cooing softly at that word again, at the idea that she was in this moment, on this night, just a slut for Tanya's use.
The cock pulled back and then pushed in again. Pam groaned at the sensation of that thickness dragging along her insides. The cock moved again, pulling back on her walls, her breath catching in her throat. Tanya paused, sighing in pleasure, and then pushed, hilting inside Pam again. It continued that way for the next few minutes, Tanya moving slowly, her cock slipping back, pushing forward. With every in-stroke, that hard, veiny length rubbed insistently against Pam's insides, until it was buried entirely in that tight heat.
"How does it feel?" Tanya asked again.
"You're so deep," Pam groaned.
"You took it all," Tanya commended. "I'm so proud of you, girl."
Pam giggled, feeling a bit more relaxed. It helped that Tanya was going slowly; the lubrication was also helping things, helping Tanya move more smoothly despite Pam's ass still being tight. Every so often, Tanya would squirt another dollop onto her shaft, or onto Pam's asshole.
"Reach back for me," Tanya said at one point, while sheathed to the hilt inside Pam. "See how your asshole is stretched."
Pam did so, and gasped as she felt how much her asshole had been made to gape, to stretch, to split apart for Tanya's meat. Her finger traced along the edge, feeling Tanya's warm flesh against her as well.
"Oh God," she breathed, the fire in her belly blazing hotter, just from feeling her asshole, feeling the physical signs of her submission. Her finger continued to slide along her distended asshole, brushing against Tanya's balls, snug against her cunt. Pam whimpered softly, gently stroking those balls, before moving on to continue the round-trip. Her finger finished the journey, and she licked her lips, the cataloguing of her abused flesh such an illicit act, provoking a series of trembling moans to spill from her mouth.
Tanya chuckled. Her hand now moved away from Pam's cunt, leaving it abandoned for the first time in what felt like a while. Pam briefly worried, now that Tanya would focus entirely on her ass. But the incredible feeling that erupted in her belly when Tanya moved again, with more intent, made her realize that this was actually feeling good.
She moaned as Tanya moved again, feeling her fat prick so deep inside her.
"Feels good now, doesn't it?" Tanya breathed in her ear.
She nodded, sighing as she felt Tanya kiss tenderly at her neck.
Tanya was being very slow, very precise, with her movements, her cock so subtly dragging along Pam's anal channel. She was grateful to Tanya, for not just fucking her hard from the get-go, but rather preparing Pam's ass, helping it get used to her cock.
So when Tanya's cock moved faster, sliding back quicker, pushing in more forcefully, Pam was ready and able to take it. She moaned, surprised at her own eagerness. Not so long ago, she had been begging Tanya to stay away from her ass, but now she was close to begging Tanya to fuck her harder, just so she could feel what that was like.
She pushed her ass back against Tanya, moving for the first time in a while. Tanya chuckled.
"Want me to fuck you?" she asked.
"Yes," Pam moaned. "Please."
Tanya chuckled again. Her cock started moving quicker, sliding along Pam's insides, still a bit of sweet friction there. She grunted as she exerted herself, now truly fucking Pam's ass.
The room soon filled with a cacophony of sounds. Pam was moaning, groaning, whimpering as her ass was fucked, Tanya's hips slapping against her ass, heavy balls whapping into her soaked slit. Tanya grunted and growled as she took Pam's ass, making it just another hole for her use, the bed shifting and creaking slightly with her efforts. Her hand snuck up to Pam's hair, wrapping it around her fist, Pam too caught up in taking her first anal assault to notice.
It was too much for Pam, that hard cock sawing in and out of her. Her pussy was on the edge of spilling more cream despite nobody touching it. She gasped, trying to push back onto Tanya's thrusts. The pleasure mounted, every inch of her burning up. When Tanya yanked her back, using her hair as reins, now riding Pam, pumping hard into her broken-in asshole, Pam came, squealing at the thrills shooting through her, at the carnal delight of the moment.
Tanya laughed. "I didn't even touch your pussy, slut."
Pam whimpered. "It feels so good," she moaned.
Tanya laughed again, and Pam yelped when her palm came down onto Pam's ass.
Her ass was taking a pounding, Tanya steadily increasing her pace, until she was being rough, her cock taking full possession of Pam's guts, her hands all over Pam's sweat-slicked body. They stroked along her cunt, ran up her belly, teased cruelly at her nipples. One hand kept a firm grip on Pam's hair, forcing her to keep her head up, Pam moaning as Tanya used her. Another orgasm followed soon after, Tanya slowing down a bit to help her recover. She did not stop entirely, however, still fucking into Pam's ass.
The traveling hand stopped back at her cunt, and a few fingers slipped inside. Pam whined, feeling her cunt being caressed again, her lips eagerly clutching at the digits. Tanya began to move just as quickly there as she was at Pam's ass, in seconds roughly fingering Pam. The squelching sound that reached Pam's ears made her groan, the sound of her cunt eagerly accepting its temporary master.
"God, you're so wet, you slut," Tanya teased. Pam whimpered.
The dual actions made Pam tremble, pushed her towards orgasm, yet another one about to be added to the list.
And then Tanya snuck a finger to her clit, and that tightness from before sprung up in her belly. Pam grunted, tossing her head, feeling the tightness swell very quickly. The triple threat, of Tanya's cock fucking her ass, her fingers teasing her cunt, and her renegade finger tapping cruelly at her clit, was relentlessly spurring her pleasure higher. Occasionally, Tanya would yank back again on Pam's hair, making her cry out.
The tightness swelled, spreading in her belly, Pam weeping at the sensation. Tanya now sped up again, fucking harder, her rough rhythm leaving Pam a quivering mess. Her asshole clutched desperately at the surging prick screwing through it, her innards being stirred up by the fat shaft.
Tanya yanked back again. Pam moaned lustfully, the soft sound seeming so slutty to her ears. She pushed back breathlessly at those insistent thrusts, legs shaking with the effort, ass jiggling at the treatment Tanya was unleashing upon it.
Deep in her belly, the tightness was so strained. Her body tensed, seizing in preparation for what she knew was to follow. She gnashed her teeth, tongue licking at her lips, sweat dotting her brow and trickling down her back. Tanya fucked intently, the loud sound of their colliding flesh sounding out, punctuating each rough stroke.
Pam had a moment, before the tightness broke, before the orgasm hit, before her body was sent into another crescendo of pleasure. It was like the calm before a storm.
And then the storm hit. Her cunt quaked as she squirted, releasing splash after splash of sticky juices. Some of her squirted cream was mixed with strands of Tanya's semen, shot into Pam's cunt earlier and now being forced out. She cried out, overwhelmed by the sea of pleasure. The obscenely wet sounds of her squirting added to the chorus of other sounds. Tanya pulled back on her hair, screwing her asshole into utter surrender, growling in her ear, making Pam whimper and whine, again feeling like a bitch in heat, claimed and conquered by a superior creature. Her mind cleared of any rational thought, only focused on the sheer carnality of it all, of the absolute physicality of this lewd act.
She groaned, squirming. Shivers broke out along her body as the pleasure ebbed slightly.
Tanya made sure that her pleasure did not diminish too much. As Pam recovered, breathing hard, Tanya kept pumping into her ass. It was so smooth now, the gliding of her shaft in and out of Pam's asshole.
"You've loosened up a bit," Tanya commented. Pam grunted in agreement, and then whined in disappointment as Tanya stopped, her cock buried inside Pam's bowels. The older woman sobbed with need as she desperately ground back at Tanya, wanting to be fucked, wanting to be taken, wanting Tanya to pound her ass.
All Tanya did was laugh, enjoying the view. Her hand came around, Pam catching sight of it, glazed with her cum. It moved to her mouth, and Pam obediently opened her lips to let it slide inside, the taste of her own cum immediately soaking into her taste buds. She sucked eagerly on Tanya's fingers, slurping up her own juices, humming happily.
Tanya then pushed down on her back, forcing her to lie down on her stomach. She slumped down with Pam, on top of her, keeping herself up with one arm. Her mouth came down, to suck at Pam's neck, nipping at the soft flesh, still holding Pam by the hair. She drew her cock back, and thrust, driving it deep into Pam. Just before another thrust, she yanked back again on Pam's hair, making her squeal lustfully. A third thrust followed, that fat meat shoving entirely inside her, and then Tanya started to properly fuck her again.
Her hips rose and fell as she pounded into Pam's ass, that fat cock hammering through her ravaged insides. Pam whined, hearing Tanya's hot breath so close, moaning softly when she felt her bite at her vulnerable neck. Tanya growled, her mouth on Pam's neck, sucking fiercely. Pam found herself hoping she would leave a mark.
She left Pam's neck and yanked back again on her hair.
"I'm gonna cum," she snarled. Pam moaned, writhing underneath the onslaught, wanting that so much. Nothing seemed better at this point than Tanya cumming inside her, spilling her thick load into Pam's bowels.
"Please," Pam gasped, "please, Tanya, cum inside me!"
Tanya did not answer, just grunting and rasping as she fucked, thrusting insistently, ruthlessly driving her cock deep.
Pam continued to beg Tanya for her load. As she did so, she marveled inwardly at the depths to which she was descending. Pam had known Tanya for barely a week, and here she was, underneath her, openly beseeching her to empty the contents of her balls inside Pam. The words sounded like they were coming from some wanton slut, but it was Pam's voice.
Her cock thrust deep, balls pressing into Pam's cunt, Tanya biting down on Pam's shoulder. She growled, giving one last harsh jab into Pam's insides, cock swelling. It erupted as she came, dumping her load inside Pam's guts, shooting rope after rope of hot semen. She ground herself against Pam, the hot, forceful spurts filling her, reducing her to a quivering, sobbing wreck as her ass was bred full of spunk. Her cunt seized as she came.
Pam's eyes were wide, her tongue lolling lazily out of her mouth as she gasped in ecstasy. Tanya's cock was still erupting, creamy rivers of seed roiling into Pam's belly. Tanya had already cum in her pussy; Pam had been more than familiar with that feeling, her husband having done it countless times. But this, a rich flow of spunk flooding into her bowels, soaking her guts in seed, was different. Each spurt from Tanya's cock made her belly clutch, accepting that heavy payload. She was hard-pressed to describe the feeling of that deep, wet warmth inside her; all she knew was that it felt wonderful.
Tanya laid on top of her as she finished, the last few blasts adding to the deposit. Pam groaned as she felt that load settle deep inside of her. She sighed in contentment, and Tanya let go of her hair, moving to rest her head on Pam's shoulder.
Pam reached back, stroking at Tanya's sweat-mussed hair, and the other woman responded, moving to kiss her. They locked lips, in the afterglow of their orgasms.
When Pam felt Tanya begin to pull out, she groaned, feeling that fat shaft drag at her insides. Tanya went slowly in leaving Pam's asshole, but finally, her cock was back out in the open.
"That was so good," Pam breathed.
"I'm not done with you yet," Tanya replied. Pam cooed in delight, shaking her ass, looking back over her shoulder at Tanya, who had her eyes fixed on Pam's asshole.
"How does it look?" she asked.
"I did a number on you," Tanya said, smiling.
Pam giggled, shaking her ass again.
"But I'm not finished yet," Tanya said, again grabbing Pam by the hair, yanking her back off the bed. Pam squealed, as Tanya walked her over to the big windows on the other side of the room. She felt so good, so naughty, being led around like an obedient dog.
Tanya pushed her against the glass, and Pam's eyes shifted outside. She briefly panicked, at the thought that somebody could see her, could see Tanya behind her.
But when Tanya shoved her cock back inside Pam's ass that thought fled her mind. She groaned again as her asshole flowered open. Tanya easily pushed back inside, again taking Pam's ass, this time with little effort. Some of the load she had deposited spilled back out at the forceful entry, splashing out onto Pam's thighs and legs. Tanya adjusted, moving back, taking hold of Pam's hips, starting to fuck again, picking up where she had left off. Pam also picked up where she had left off, moaning and whimpering at Tanya's dominant handling of her, at Tanya's casual conquest of her ass. Her hands slipped along the glass, searching for purchase, smearing sweat all over it.
Her eyes flickered outside. They were on the third floor, overlooking the parking lot. It was late, and dark out, but Pam was suddenly worried again that someone might see them.
Hoping that Tanya was too focused on fucking her, she reached out slowly, towards the curtain, intending to drag it over the glass, to shield the two of them from view.
Tanya had other ideas.
"No," she growled, grabbing Pam's hand away from the curtain, pinning it behind her back. Pam squealed in surprise, and then Tanya quickly grabbed Pam's other hand and brought it to join the other. Pam groaned, feeling powerless, but loving the now-familiar submission to this dominant woman. Tanya shifted her grip, closing one strong hand around both of Pam's slim wrists. Her other hand went back to its customary territory in Pam's hair, yanking her head back. A long, plaintive moan spilled from her lips as she caught sight of herself in the reflection, totally under Tanya's control. Her eyes were wide, lips parting as another moan came out, her breasts bouncing to the rhythm of Tanya's thrusting. Above her in the reflection, was Tanya, hazel eyes blazing with lust, lips pulled back to bare her teeth, grunting bestially as she ravaged Pam's ass.
"Someone...might...see," Pam managed to gasp.
"I want them to," Tanya grunted in response, making Pam whimper at the thought of someone watching her, a respected teacher and member of her community, being fucked up the ass by this exotically beautiful woman like a desperate harlot.
"Nobody knows who you are," Tanya growled. "You'll just look like a slut to them."
Pam moaned, licking her lips. She realized the truth of that statement, and very suddenly wanted people to see her.
"They'll probably think I'm just fucking you with a strap-on or something. They won't even think I'm using your ass."
"Yessss," Pam hissed, looking down onto the parking lot. A car entered the lot, taking a minute or so to find parking. The spot they found was across from the windows, so when the couple left the car, a young man and woman, they had a great view of Pam and Tanya.
The woman noticed first. Pam moaned, gritting her teeth, unable to move too much, but doing her absolute best to grind back against Tanya, to get that cock as deep as it could get. Her eyes fixed on the couple, the woman pointing it out to the man. They stood there for a few minutes, watching, the woman pressing herself into the man, whispering something in his ear as they watched Pam get fucked like a needy slut.
"Oh God, they're watching us," she moaned to Tanya.
"I know, slut," she snarled. Her cock kept screwing Pam's asshole, the thrusts lifting Pam up repeatedly, forcing her to balance on her tip-toes, legs shaking with the effort. There was a squelching sound similar to the sound of Pam's cunt being used by Tanya. But this one was coming from her ass. Pam realized that Tanya's previous load was being forced out by her rough thrusting, sloshing around as her cock slid through it. The semen leaked out, sticking to her taint and thighs.
Pam did not take her eyes from the couple over the next few minutes. They did not leave either, the woman continuing to whisper into the man's ear as they watched. Her hand moved to his crotch, where she squeezed and stroked.
A sudden realization flashed through her mind, that they would always have this moment. The couple did not know anything about Pam, and yet they would always remember watching her get sodomized in a hotel room window. A thrill shot through her at that thought.
The couple left after a few more minutes.
"They're probably gonna fuck themselves to sleep," Tanya said.
Pam giggled deliriously. Her eyes roamed the lot for other potential voyeurs.
"Fuck, I'm so glad I took this ass," Tanya groaned.
"So am I," Pam agreed.
"I'm gonna cum again," Tanya growled. "This ass is just too good."
Pam whimpered, needing another load. More of Tanya's previous deposit was dribbling out. She wanted to replace what had leaked out, wanted Tanya to graciously give her more.
"Here it comes, slut," Tanya growled. She slammed balls-deep inside Pam, who whined in anticipation, grinding back at the massive shaft buried inside her.
A second later her cock erupted, sending a second load inside Pam's stomach. Spurt after spurt added to what was left of the first deposit, making Pam coo with delight at the feeling of all that wet heat spreading in her bowels. She came too, her pussy in spasmodic ecstasy. Tanya moaned, holding tight to Pam, sending more spunk into her depths. Pam gazed into the glass, watching the intense orgasm play over her face, and Tanya's face, both woman exulting in their shared pleasure.
The spurts tapered off, until the last one was sent to join the others. Tanya sighed, slowly letting go of Pam's wrists, letting her reach out to the window to keep herself up on her feet. She let go of Pam's hair and stepped back, pulling out of her ass. As soon as she exited, pearly ropes of cum started to leak from Pam's asshole.
"Come on, slut," Tanya ordered, turning to go back to the bed.
Pam cast one last look at the lot before following. The other woman relaxed, on her back, and as Pam joined her on the bed, gestured to her cock. To Pam's surprise and delight, it was still erect.
"How are you still hard?" she gasped.
"Because you're such a slut. Now suck my cock. Clean it off."
Pam shuddered. Seconds before her tongue made contact, she realized that she would be tasting her own ass. That did not matter to her as she licked and lapped, being a good, complacent slut. She groaned as she tasted her own ass for the first time. It was a tangy, heady flavor; once again, it was something familiar, Pam having many times cleaned off John's cock after it had been inside her pussy, but it was so different. As the flavor sizzled on her taste buds, she licked along the cock, searching for more of it. Her tongue darted from tip to root, all around the veined shaft, Pam humming contentedly as she laved at Tanya's massive cock. Tanya laid there, watching, smiling as Pam cleaned her. Her hand went back to Pam's hair, but instead of yanking back on it, she merely stroked affectionately, letting Pam know how much she appreciated her.
"All clean," Pam announced after a good few minutes.
"Then be a good slut and suck my balls for a little while."
Pam moaned. In seconds, Tanya's testicles filled her mouth, the ripe taste overwhelming her tongue, the hot musk battering her nostrils. She sucked fervently, slurping all over the crinkled flesh. Her view was dominated by Tanya's cock, rising above Pam's head like a tower, the dark brown expanse demanding her gaze. Her nose pressed into it as she gurgled and groaned, reaching down between her legs to rub herself. She winced slightly as her fingers brushed over her asshole. Despite the ache, she slipped a few fingers easily inside.
She began now to lap at the testicles, slavering all over them. Tanya began to leisurely stroke her cock.
"What time is your flight tomorrow?" she asked.
"One-thirty," Pam answered in between eager licks, "but I want to get to the airport by eleven."
"How about I drive you there?"
Pam glanced up past the thick shaft. "You wouldn't mind?"
"Not at all. It'd be my pleasure."
"All right then. Thank you."
"No problem."
Pam smiled. "Are you going to fuck me again tomorrow before we leave?"
Tanya smiled back. "Of course. I plan on using you a few more times tomorrow."
"Good," Pam sighed, going back to sucking at Tanya's balls. Her saliva dripped and dribbled all over them, trickling down to Tanya's taint and ass. Pam sucked harder, her mouth crammed full of ballsack, her fingers still fucking her own ass. Tanya's other hand stroked through Pam's hair, palm caressing at her sweaty forehead.
The hand in her hair suddenly tightened and Tanya pulled Pam off her testicles. She tossed Pam down on her back, Pam mewling and spreading her legs, her other hand teasing her slit. Tanya smiled, watching her act like a cock-hungry slut.
She moved up, over Pam's cunt, over her belly, stopping to straddle her midsection, still stroking her cock. Pam groaned at the vista of this gorgeous woman rising up above her like a dark-skinned titan. Her eyes fixed on Tanya's cock, watching her jerk off, the steady beads of pre-cum leaking from the head.
Tanya lifted her cock and brought it down on one of Pam's nipples. She shrieked, the sensitive flesh whacked by that hard flesh, and Tanya did it again. She cried out, arching her back, her fingers speeding up at her holes. Tanya smiled as she lifted her cock again, and brought it down again, this time slapping the other nipple. A spray of fluids misted off, and another cruel slap slathered the hard nipple in pre-cum. Tanya went back and forth, slapping her cock on Pam's nipples, making her bite her lip and groan in abject submission. Each hard impact sent spikes of lust through Pam. Before long, her chest was glistening with pre-cum, Tanya jerking harder on her cock in between slaps. Pam's cunt was flooding, her ass clutching around the fingers there.
One last slap at her nipple made her cum, Pam bucking, the solid weight of Tanya keeping her pinned. Her throat was hoarse, from all the times Tanya had made her scream and sob, so all that came out of her mouth was a strangled moan. She twisted, ripples of harsh pleasure slicing through her. Tanya laughed, watching Pam squirm weakly.
As Pam began to come down to earth, she noticed Tanya jerking faster, her hand flying up and down the shaft. Tanya moved, lifting up off Pam, crouching over her, aiming her straining prick at Pam's breasts. Pam groaned softly, stroking them, pressing them together, taking it upon herself to present the perfect target.
Tanya grunted, tossing her head back. The first burst of cum arced out onto one of Pam's nipples, Pam mewling in response, and the following ones spurted out onto her breasts, frosting them with hot spunk. Pam cooed with pleasure as the thick cream settled on her flesh, covering her breasts, slowly sliding down into her cleavage, sticking to her pale skin. Tanya leaned forward, pressing her cock against a breast, and jerked out one last stream of semen. With that, she slumped back, sliding off to rest on the bed. Pam wanted to gorge on Tanya's load, but was relishing how good it felt on her. All that warm, creamy cum soothed her sore flesh and looked so erotic.
Her patience only extended so far, however, her fingers now sliding into the pool. They collected mouthfuls of cum, and Pam fed herself Tanya's load. Her eyes drifted over to Tanya, who had moved to the head of the bed, reclining regally. Tanya's eyes met hers, and she watched as Pam kept eating up her gift of seed.
"How does it taste?" Tanya asked.
Pam giggled with a mouthful of cum. "So good," she said after swallowing.
Tanya smiled.
The taste of cum was all over Pam's tongue as she cleaned her breasts, pearly ropes of semen hanging off her fingers, dripping all over her skin as they made the journey from her chest to her mouth. Each splattered drop made her shiver, landing on her neck, cheeks, arms, leaving her upper body liberally streaked here and there with thick spunk. Instead of cleaning up the errant splatters, Pam rubbed it into her flesh, moaning softly as she gently massaged herself with cum, leaving her flesh glistening. Tanya smiled, enjoying the show.
It's not just a show, Pam thought.It feels so good.
The last scoop of cum made its way to her mouth, and she greedily licked it off her finger. Pam sighed, her belly full of cum.
Her eyes glanced over to Tanya, who was watching Pam with half-closed eyes, obviously about to give in to slumber. Pam smiled at her, and moved up to snuggle against her. Tanya threw her arm around Pam, pulling her closer. The pair quickly fell asleep.
The next morning, Pam woke up in the same position, nestled against Tanya. The other woman was still snoozing. At some point, one of them had yanked the blanket over both of them.
A sticky wetness drew her attention from down between her legs. She slipped a hand down and felt a thick glaze of semen slicking her loins. Her slit, taint and asshole were coated in cum, lazy streams trickling from her ass, Tanya's two loads finally leaking out. Pam slipped off the bed and headed into the bathroom.
The view in the mirror was such an erotic one: a slender woman, hair matted down with sweat, body streaked here and there with cum. Pam noticed a bruise, a small black and blue spot on her right hip; she shivered at the sight, at the physical reminder of last night. Memories flitted through her mind, of her lustful acts, her willful submission. Pam could not help but lick her lips, running her fingers through the mess caking her loins. Rogues splatters of spunk dripped from her, landing on the floor.
Pam managed to drag herself away from her reflection, to sit on the toilet, where over the next few minutes she did her best to clean herself up a bit. Many paper towels were sacrificed in the effort, but the amount of cum still dripping out of her made it somewhat fruitless. Pam finally gave up.
While she had been in the bathroom, Tanya had shifted in her sleep, the blanket sliding off to reveal her cock, half-erect but still making Pam lick her lips. She quickly climbed back onto the bed and closed her fingers around the shaft. The cock twitched, reacting to her touch, growing quickly to its full length, and Pam smiled as she began to stroke it, leisurely jerking Tanya off as she still slept.
Her cock quickly started to leak pre-cum, slicking Pam's fingers. A low moan filled the room as Tanya awoke, hazel eyes opening, immediately locking onto Pam. Tanya chuckled, reaching up to pull Pam towards her, kissing her. Her tongue slid inside Pam's mouth, tasting her again, Pam eagerly jerking her off.
Tanya let Pam stroke her cock for a few more moments, and then she pounced, pulling Pam down and pushing her onto her back. Tanya's cock found her slit in seconds, and she thrust inside, both women groaning at the feeling. That fat prick yet again possessed her cunt, its thickness cramming her channel full. She threw her legs around Tanya's waist, trying to force her deeper. A second thrust sent the rest of Tanya inside of Pam, her balls twitching against Pam's taint.
She started up a rhythm, steadily fucking Pam. Her mouth traveled down to Pam's breasts, where she sucked, making Pam squirm buck, her tender nipples again at Tanya's mercy. Pam felt as if they were picking off right where they had left off, Tanya using her, Pam taking whatever Tanya gave her.
"Fuck yes," Tanya growled, screwing harder into Pam, so lustful early in the morning. Pam's cunt was wet, drenched in fluids, reacting to Tanya.
"If you didn't have a husband, I'd take you home with me," Tanya gasped. Pam moaned, bucking her hips, meeting Tanya's forceful thrusts. The wet slaps of their colliding flesh rang out in the room.
Tanya grunted and groaned, Pam's cunt easily taking her entire length. Her slit clutched frantically at the shaft as it screwed back and forth in her soaked channel. Her cunt had been broken in by Tanya last night, and it still was. Pam imagined it would be sore for a bit, but if that was the price to pay, she would do it every time. It just felt so good to be a slut for Tanya. Not just to take her cock, but to obey her, to be submissive to her desires and whims. To be used in such a carnal way, her body pushed to its limits, all in the chase for pleasure.
An orgasm tore through Pam's body, her conquered pussy bathing Tanya's meat in cum. She wept, holding tightly to Tanya, the pleasure overwhelming her. It was easier now for Tanya to make her cum; she had subjugated Pam, had turned her into a slut brought easily to heel. Last night, Tanya had had to put in some effort, but now Pam's body recognized Tanya and reacted accordingly.
The orgasm receded, Pam breathing heavily, trembling underneath Tanya. Her cunt was still being battered by Tanya's fat prick, so she could not recover completely. The pleasure surging through her body refused to let up. A specter of another orgasm hovered nearby.
"Fuck," Tanya grunted, gasping in Pam's ear. Pam glanced up at her, saw the primal lust in her eyes, the sweat dotting her forehead. This woman was putting every ounce of her strength into fucking Pam. Beads of sweat dripped off her large breasts, splattering down onto Pam's smaller set, making her moan. Tanya sped up, pumping furiously in Pam's cunt. Pam pulled herself up, pressing herself into Tanya, whimpering as she felt Tanya's nipples cut into her heated skin, as she felt Tanya's tensing flesh rub against her own nipples.
Pam was teetering on the edge of another orgasm. She was so close, so very close, Tanya's ruthless rutting about to tip her over.
Her orgasm was halted when Tanya pulled out swiftly in one careless motion, spraying a mist of their combined juices all over the place. Pam moaned in confusion and disappointment, but then Tanya moved up to crouch over Pam's face, hand flying to her shaft. Tanya began to jerk off, Pam gasping with delight at the tableau just above her, bucking unconsciously as she realized Tanya's intent.
A few seconds later, Tanya grunted. The first spurt of her load blasted out onto Pam's face. It splattered along her right cheek, just missing her eye. That hot impact made Pam whimper, and the second spurt, lancing across her forehead, made her cum. As Pam writhed, gasping hoarsely, Tanya continued to blow her load onto her face. A third jet splashed onto Pam's lips, Pam quickly opening her mouth to let some of it drip inside. The fourth surge lanced along the bridge of her nose, Pam's reflexes quick enough to let her close her left eye before it was coated in semen. A fifth spurt shot up her forehead, reaching into her hair. A sixth spray dappled her chin, a few creamy strands dripping off to land on her neck. A seventh gush hit her other eye, Pam again closing it before the impact. After that, Pam lost count, Tanya groaning as she squeezed out more spurts, Pam unable to see now, whimpering whenever she felt another spray of spunk squirt onto her flesh. Through it all, as Tanya unleashed her payload on Pam's face, Pam came along with her, the first orgasm leading quickly into a second. All Pam could do was lie there and moan, spasms running through her from head to toe. It felt so hot, so naughty, so good, all of that semen glazing her face.
She both heard and felt Tanya slump off her, lying back on the bed. Pam sighed, hands darting down to her pussy. Tanya chuckled as Pam masturbated. The sounds of her fingers curling and stroking in her flooded channel were obscenely wet. She licked her lips unconsciously, tasting some of the spunk there, arching her back as her fingers sped up. Her level of arousal had barely receded, so it took very little time for another orgasm to wash over her, Pam's well-used cunt clutching at her fingers.
Tanya's sultry voice cut through the orgasmic haze.
"How does my load feel on your face?"
"So good," Pam whimpered, squirming as her fingers started up again. She could not help it; the feeling of that load sliding sluggishly down her face was so decadent, the thrill of having been marked by Tanya's load so strong and intense, she just could not stop herself from stroking all over her overheated body. One hand was hard at work in her cunt, the other running over her chest, neck, belly, through her sweat-slicked skin.
Her second orgasm hit quickly, just like the first. As it receded slightly, Pam was hit with a difficult choice. Tanya's load felt so good on her face, and made her feel so good, but she also so badly wanted to taste it, to feast on it and swallow it all down.
Tanya made the choice for her, leaning over to Pam and swiping her tongue up her cheek. Pam groaned, reaching for her, running a hand over her abs, up to her breasts. One of Tanya's fingers hooked into Pam's lips, and she opened Pam's mouth, another meek groan spilling out of it. A long few seconds passed, Pam squirming in anticipation.
A thick splatter rained down on Pam's tongue, the mouthful that Tanya had collected spilling out of one open mouth and into the other. Pam mewled, swirling the semen around with her tongue, savoring the saltiness. Tanya stuck her tongue into Pam's mouth, kissing her, and the two women shared the semen, their tongues pushing it around. When Tanya pulled back, Pam swallowed, and Tanya leaned down to lick up another mouthful from Pam's face.
They shared Tanya's load, Tanya licking it up and kissing Pam with a mouthful of her own semen. Tanya found her way back on top of Pam, who locked her legs back around Tanya's hips, feeling Tanya's prick settle onto her belly. The two women kissed, cum-glazed tongues sliding together, spunk-painted lips colliding again and again. Each mouthful ended up sliding down Pam's throat, but as they spent a good few minutes sharing each amount of spunk in a passionate kiss, Tanya had plenty of time to taste her own load.
In what seemed like too short a time, Pam swallowed the last mouthful of seed. Tanya's mouth moved down to her neck. Pam sighed, stroking affectionately at Tanya's back.
"We should take a shower," Tanya said, nuzzling at Pam's shoulder. "Get cleaned up."
Once in the shower, Pam lasted only a few minutes before she gave in to desire, dropping to her knees in front of Tanya, reaching out to close her hand around that fat prick, leaning in to suck the head into her mouth, dropping her lips further down onto the shaft until her nose was pressed into Tanya's abs, drool streaming from her lips. Tanya groaned, fingers running through Pam's hair, stroking at her bulging cheeks.
Pam, yet again, had her fingers buried in her cunt, mindlessly fucking herself as she sucked at Tanya's meat. She came twice, before Tanya yanked her cock out of her mouth, pulled her to her feet, shoved her up against the shower wall and unceremoniously thrust inside Pam's cunt. The rough entry, plus the sudden feeling of all of that thick meat filling her cunt, was more than enough to make Pam cum again, trembling against the wall as Tanya began to fuck her. It was a bit awkward, Tanya slipping a bit, feet struggling for purchase, but she kept up the rhythm, screwing hard into Pam. Pam gasped and groaned, the water cascading onto the two women from the side, running down their bodies.
At one point, Tanya reached around and started to rub at Pam's clit. Pam moaned, pressing herself back into Tanya, doing her best to grind on her rapidly thrusting cock. She knew what Tanya wanted, even before that familiar tightness sprung up, before it started to swell and occupy her belly, making her whine and whimper.
It burst quicker than ever, Tanya managing to pull out just before Pam squirted. Splashes of the thick liquid went all over the floor, some going onto Tanya as well. Pam sobbed, quivering against the shower wall as her cunt went wild with spasms. Tanya stepped to the side, stroking her cock; it caught Pam's eye, and she moaned plaintively, halfway through the intense peak but still needing that thick meat.
Tanya gave her a few seconds to recover before stepping behind her and taking a hold of her hips. Her cock nudged against Pam's slit, and just as Pam opened her mouth to beg her for that hot length, it slid inside, both women groaning. Tanya started up her rhythm again, picking up right where she had left off.
The two women had wanted to clean up, but Pam had gotten sidetracked by Tanya's cock, so now that initial plan was forgotten. Pam ground her stuffed cunt back against Tanya, feeling those thrusts pound so deep inside her, hitting those spots in her core, the thickness forcing her channel wide open.
One of Tanya's hands moved from her hip, and Pam knew where it was going.
It curled into Pam's hair, and seconds later yanked back, Pam squealing, not at all surprised but loving the roughness, loving how Tanya handled her. Her neck was exposed for Tanya, who swooped in to suck at the soaked flesh. Pam mewled docilely whenever she felt teeth come into the equation, Tanya nipping teasingly, part of Pam hoping that she would leave another bruise.
Tanya growled with a mouthful of Pam's neck, and the pace picked up until she was slamming savagely into her pussy, Pam scrabbling for something to hold on to on the wet shower wall as she was used like a cheap whore. She wept as she was fucked into a delirious mess.
The teeth at her neck left. Tanya's hot breath tickled her ear.
"Here comes another load, slut," she growled, and gave one last hard thrust. She held herself deep inside Pam, who could only gasp in anticipation. Seconds later Tanya began to empty her balls into Pam's womb. The heated flow of seed rushed through her channel, her body once again turned into Tanya's personal cum dumping ground. Pam came too, the feeling of Tanya's spunk inside her, and the knowledge that using her had again given Tanya so much pleasure, combining to form a heady cocktail.
When the spurts died down, and Tanya was sated, the two began to actually clean up, helping each other soap up places they could not reach on their own. Pam found it a nice little respite, having Tanya wash her, running her hands all over Pam, and then returning the favor. The two women spent a few more minutes in the shower, standing underneath the warm water, enjoying each other's body as they kissed.
They eventually ended the shower, each taking a towel to dry off with. When they stepped out into the room, Tanya went over to her laptop, on the desk, and Pam set herself to collecting her things from last night. She could tell that this experience was coming to an end, and although she wanted to get back to her family, she also wanted this to last a bit longer.
Luckily, her wish was quickly granted.
"Hey slut," Tanya called, Pam blushing at how casually she used the word.
"Yes?" Pam asked hopefully, finding her thong and corset, stuffing it into the black bag.
"Come here and suck my balls for a bit."
Pam obeyed, moving quickly to kneel before Tanya as she stripped off her towel, taking her cock in hand. Her balls were quickly becoming a favorite indulgence of Pam's, who wasted no time in sucking them into her mouth, swirling her tongue around, humming as she tasted that familiar musk again.
The click-clack of fingers on a keyboard started up. Pam glanced up at Tanya. She was focusing on her laptop, not paying Pam any attention.
I'm just her slut, Pam thought, shivering with arousal.Just here to make her feel good, to obey her commands, to suck her balls. I'm just her slut.
Pam's fingers made their customary migration to her slit, and she touched herself through two quick orgasms as she paid lustful homage to Tanya's balls. They filled her mouth so perfectly, the heavy flavor sticking at her tongue.
It seemed so normal, Tanya checking her e-mails, doing whatever it is she usually did on the computer in the morning. And yet here Pam was, adding a naughty detail to the situation, on her knees before her, being a subservient slut, Tanya acting as if she were not even there.
Soon enough, Tanya slid back from the desk, finally glancing down at Pam. She pulled Pam to her feet, and maneuvered her onto the bed, onto her back.
Pam spread her legs, Tanya's previously spurted load now peeking out of her splayed slit, but Tanya had other plans. She spun Pam, until her head was hanging over the bed. Just as Pam realized what she was planning on doing, Tanya shoved her cock down Pam's throat, cutting off a moan. Her hips started to rise and fall, fucking deep into Pam's gullet, her thick, veiny meat sliding back and forth against Pam's tongue.
"Take that cock, slut, take it deep," Tanya growled, hips snapping quickly, balls slapping at Pam's nose, filling her vision. Pam mewled at the remark, doing just that, eagerly taking it. Her cunt was flooding without any stimulation, her body again reacting to Tanya's stern usage of it. Pam laid there, taking the thrusts, hearing the obscene whack of Tanya's balls on her face. The saliva that Pam had bathed those balls with was now being slathered onto her face by the crinkled flesh hitting her, the same smell as before clogging her nose.
God, I love this so much, Pam marveled. This was undignified and inappropriate; all of her neighbors knew her as a proper, respectable woman, but here she was, being used by Tanya as if she were a cheap whore, throat fucked by her cock as if it were a cunt. If those neighbors could see her now, they would run her out of town with torches and pitchforks.
Who are we kidding?The husbands would want to drive me out of town, except for mine of course. The wives would just get in line.
She had a brief thought, of taking Tanya back with her and introducing her to the wives in the neighborhood. A second thought followed, an image of Tanya dominating those wives, making them crave her cock, turning them into sluts begging to be used. It was so hot, so naughty, that Pam could not help but cum, moaning as her cunt flooded.
Her face was covered in drool and pre-cum and sweat, Tanya pounding with gusto into her throat. Pam came, reduced yet again to a warm hole for this gorgeous woman's prick. Tanya carried on screwing her throat, forcing her mouth to stay open in supplication. Pam's mind was clouded with lust, the throbbing flesh overwhelming her senses.
Pam's wet gullet quickly proved to be too much for Tanya to handle. She thrust deep, deep inside Pam apparently being her new favorite place to be, whether it was cunt, ass, or throat. As Pam squealed around the prick plugging her throat, those twitching balls pressing into her nose, Tanya groaned, her cock throbbing harder. And then she came, blowing her load straight down Pam's throat, pumping spurt after spurt into Pam's belly.
Even after she finished, Tanya stayed buried in Pam's throat for a few long moments. Pam was helpless, that length of meat lodged there, those fat balls sitting on her nose, but she did not care. In fact, she loved it.
Her cock finally departed, Pam gasping breathlessly.
"You're leaking," Tanya commented, pointing to Pam's cunt. Pam glanced blearily down to see globs of cum just starting to escape. Tanya moved quickly, sliding a finger into the mess, Pam arching her back, moaning.
The finger came into view a few moments later. It was coated in thick, creamy cum. Pam mewled, trying to rise up to suck it clean, but Tanya moved back.
"Hold on a sec, slut," she ordered. Pam obeyed, still hungry for that seed, but listening to her temporary master.
She watched, and then gasped, eyes bugging out of her head, as Tanya applied the thick semen to her balls, slathering it all over.
"You want to suck my balls?" Tanya asked, smiling since she knew the answer.
"Yes," Pam moaned.
"Yes, what?"
"Yes, please, I want to suck your balls, oh God Tanya, I want to suck your load off your balls, please!"
Tanya smiled. "God, you sound like such a slut."
Pam giggled, squirming, those cum-covered testicles so close to her.
"Please," she begged.
"I turned you into quite a slut," Tanya commented.
"Don't go giving yourself too much credit," Pam teased, "it was always there. I'm a slut sometimes for John, he just never pushes me like you did."
"Are you glad I did?"
Pam nodded quickly. "Oh yes. So glad. Now can I suck your balls?"
Tanya chuckled, but nodded. Pam lunged, quickly closing her lips around the fat sacks, moaning as she tasted the cum, and Tanya's balls underneath it. Her tongue went wild, licking them clean. After she had cleaned them off, Tanya collected more, and put them right on her balls, giving Pam more. The process continued, Tanya applying more of her load, fresh from Pam's womb, onto her testicles, and watching as Pam ravenously slurped it all up. Tanya laughed, amused at how slutty Pam was being, loving the view. Pam was paying no mind to her amusement; she was focused on sucking her balls, cleaning them off of that precious seed, gorging on every creamy drop. Tanya's finger went deeper, on the hunt for more semen.
Even after Tanya had scooped out what was more or less all of her load from Pam's channel and slathered it all over her balls, even after Pam had gorged on all of the gooey spunk, even after Tanya's balls were clean, Pam continued to suck them, drunk on the taste of Tanya, drunk also on her own submission and sluttiness.
"All right, slut," Tanya finally ordered, "that's enough."
Pam wanted to stay there, but knew that they needed to get a move on, to at least start the process of leaving.
"Here's what we do," Tanya said, Pam sitting up to listen. "Go back to your room, clean up, get dressed, pack your stuff, and bring it back here. We'll check out together and I'll drive you to the airport."
Pam nodded, and sprung off the bed. She found her clothes from last night and quickly dressed.
Once back in her room, she washed her face, and then picked out a nice cream-colored shirt dress, bought as a birthday gift a few years ago by Emily, one of her daughters, who had thought it made Pam look younger. She stood in the bathroom, checking herself out in the mirror.
I hope Tanya fucks me one last time.
Five minutes later, Pam was bent over the edge of Tanya's bed, dress shoved up over her hips, panties yanked off and forgotten, grunting bestially with each of Tanya's rough slams into her asshole. Her hair was once again bunched in Tanya's fist, used as reins with which to ride Pam. That thick meat was screwing deep into her bowels, Pam's pussy trickling juices like a broken faucet. She had already cum once, when she had felt Tanya's balls press into her pussy, signifying that she had yet again taken all of Tanya's cock in her belly. Another orgasm was on her heels.
"You love it now, don't you?" Tanya growled. Pam nodded, whimpering.
"What changed, slut? Just last night you were begging me not to take your ass."
"It feels so good," Pam moaned. "So good, so deep..."
Tanya laughed, but the answer must have been satisfactory, since she kept pounding into Pam, using her asshole like it was her property.
It is right now.
"When you get home," Tanya began again, "will you let your husband fuck you in the ass?"
Pam moaned. It had not been something she had thought about, but she had no doubt that she would.
"Yes," she cooed, squirming at the thought, that she could give her ass to her husband, have him fuck it whenever either of them wanted. It just felt so good, there was no way she would refuse more of this sublime pleasure.
"He's gonna have to send me a thank-you card."
Pam giggled. "I'll make sure he does."
Tanya kept fucking her, and soon enough her hand slid underneath Pam to tweak at her clit. Pam moaned, welcoming the tightness in her belly, salivating as it swelled.
"One last time," Tanya said, her deft fingers working quickly at her clit. Her cock kept up the onslaught, hammering into Pam's guts, stirring up her bowels with its thickness.
Pam squirted quickly, her juices splattering all over the floor and some of it again hitting Tanya, who refused to leave Pam's ass.
"Whoever has to clean this room up will have their work cut out for them," Tanya grunted, Pam gasping as her cunt continued to squirt. The last bit shot out onto the edge of the bed, staining the sheets, already sopping with their combined bodily fluids.
Tanya's fingers left her clit, but her cock kept moving. Pam's whole world was centered on that veined girth dominating her anal channel.
"Do you know what this is?" Tanya asked Pam, her hand coming around in front of Pam's face, showing her something made of black plastic, tapered at the head but swelling thicker as it led down to a flat base.
"No," she groaned, trying hard to concentrate. Somehow, Tanya could talk easily while fucking Pam, but Pam could hardly even think while taking her cock.
"It's a butt plug," Tanya told her. "You're not the only one who got something from Tryst. I bought it to use on some future lover, but instead you're getting it. I'm gonna cum in your ass, and after I blow my hot, thick load, deep in your ass, I'm gonna shove this in there so you can bring my load home with you."
Pam came, the debauchery of it too much for her mind to comprehend in the moment. Just when she thought she could not get sluttier, Tanya pushed her a bit further.
Tanya laughed, still roughly jabbing into Pam's bowels.
"You like that idea?" she asked.
"Yes," Pam moaned. "God yes, please, let me take your load home."
Tanya laughed. The sound of their colliding flesh thundered in the room, Tanya's testicles slapping wetly into Pam's slit, making her buck and writhe. Pam was still forced to keep her head up, Tanya gripping tightly at her hair. She loved it, loved how rough Tanya was with her, loved how effortless it was for Tanya to dominate her.
"Here it comes," Tanya told her, cock still thrusting.
And then it stilled, as usual balls-deep, this time in Pam's ass. Tanya came, dousing Pam's innards in hot seed. Jet after jet painted Pam's bowels white, the hefty prick gaping her asshole pulsing with each release. She came, crying out at the feeling, at the intense warmth in her belly, that thick flow seeping into every corner, choking her guts with viscous spunk.
As both women came down from their heights of pleasure, Tanya slumped down on her, breathing heavily. The last few blasts joined the rest of Tanya's load, deep in Pam's bowels. Tanya waited another few seconds, catching her breath, before pulling out, Pam mewling as her sphincter clutched at the flesh, moaning when the cock vacated her ass, the cool air soothing her skin. Her ass was empty only for a few seconds, as Tanya was quick to shove the butt plug into her asshole. It slid inside easily. Pam moaned as she was plugged, Tanya's load trapped inside her.
Tanya yanked Pam down to her knees by her hair, and presented her cock. Pam eagerly cleaned it off, now in love with the taste of her own ass, and of course, the taste of Tanya's cock. Another part of Tanya she was in love with were her balls, and she could not stop herself from giving them a visit once Tanya's prick was all clean. Tanya chuckled as Pam gurgled around a mouthful of ballsack. Pam sucked frantically, knowing that they would need to leave in a few minutes, trying to imprint this divine taste on her tongue.
"That's enough, slut," Tanya finally said, and Pam came off reluctantly, biting her lip and staring hungrily at those balls that had just been in her mouth.
"Let's go," Tanya said, moving to grab her things. Pam stood, found her panties, pulled them on, and smoothed out her dress. The two women headed downstairs, and once they were checked out, hit the road. It was difficult for Pam to walk normally with the plug inside her, but she loved it keeping her asshole gaped, keeping that load inside her. She knew that only she and Tanya knew, but could not help but blush whenever anybody glanced at her, as if they knew how slutty she felt.
The airport was maybe twenty minutes away, Tanya pulling up outside the terminal.
"Give me your phone," she said. Pam, still in the obedient slut mindset, handed it over and waited as Tanya fiddled with it.
She handed it back after about a minute. "I put my number in, and called my phone. So you have my number, and I have yours. If you're ever back here, let me know."
Pam nodded, smiling. "And if you're ever around me, let me know."
"You can bet I will," Tanya said, leaning in for one last kiss.
Pam savored it, the feeling of Tanya's warm, soft mouth against hers, sighing as their tongues met again. All too soon, Tanya pulled back, grinning. Pam got out of the car and grabbed her things.
She waved good-bye to Tanya and headed inside. As she strode through the busy terminal, her phone rang. It was John.
"I'm at the airport now," she told him.
"Ok," he answered, "oh, and by the way, were you busy last night? I called, but you didn't pick up. Figured you were out with some of the other teachers."
Pam smiled, feeling the plug shift ever so slightly.
"I'll tell you all about it when I get home. You'll love the story."