My wife works a set schedule of two weeks on and two weeks off. When she is away, the only communication that we have is either on the phone or chatting online. During one of our online conversations, inevitably the conversation turns to sex. Since we are apart, we have to find some other way to satisfy ourselves. I had an Idea from a situation that she had previously told me about, where she was playing foosball with her co-workers and one of the guys suggested that they should play for cloths. At the time it really turned me on thinking that my wife would be slowly losing her outfit while playing foosball in front of other people.
As we followed this line of thought the question came up as to how far she was willing to go with this game of strip foosball. After a few seconds of silence she asked me how far I wanted her to go. I thought for a second and just went with my gut. I told her that she should go as far as the situation would let her. She agreed that she would and we joked about some of the guys that she works with and how they have showed their interest while remaining respectful of her marital status and the fact that they work together.
On the day before the end of her shift my wife is again invited to a going away party. She doesn't have any sexy lingerie since she is at work so she makes due with her simple black panties and her black bra.
Everyone has a few drinks from the mini bar and they all get pretty tipsy. After a while the two guys that are finishing their shift as well, challenge her and another girl to a game of foosball. My wife is a very good foosball player so she is pretty confident that she will win. As the game gets underway one of the guys says that if she is so confident she should bet some clothing on it. With our conversation fresh in her mind, she agrees and continues to play.
My wife and her teammate rack up the points and the guys start to lose their shirts and pants. When their pants come off, they get a boost of confidence and they score a point. The girls decide to take off their pants, and continue to play. Since she doesn't want them to win my wife tries to step up the heat and score some more points, but the other girl is no good at it and she keeps messing up. After a small stalemate the guys get a ball through and score a point. My wife and her partner take off their shirts and get back to the game with even more vigor. Everyone that's watching is cheering and hooting for the girls then the guys. The guys are in their boxers and the girls are in their bra and panties. The score is 2 to 2 and no one can seem to make any more points. When the crowd gets tired of watching the game go nowhere someone suggests that they play a one on one match and the other person tries to distract the player.
Everyone thinks that that is a great idea and so my wife decides that she will play while her teammate tries to distract her opponent. The game begins and at first the distracters try saying funny things to the combatants, but they are just too into the game and are not bothered by anything they say and no one is making any points. The other girl gets an idea and starts to rub and squeeze the guys butt and rub the back of his thighs. He is slightly distracted but he saves the ball from going in. Seeing the tactics of the other girl the guy that's supposed to be distracting my wife does the same and rubs his hands all over her panties and down her thighs. The same thing happens to her but she corrects her mistake before the ball goes in as well. When the crowd gets restless again, they tell the two distracters to try harder.
In a bolder attempt the girl on the other side reaches around in front and takes his package into her hand. Already having his butt groped he is not surprised by this and continues the stalemate. Seeing that this has no effect on his partner the guy behind my wife decides to try another tactic.
Feeling bold by the actions of the other distracter and the alcohol, he reaches up between my wife's legs and puts his two middle fingers on her pussy. She is shocked but recovers quickly enough not to make any mistakes. By this time the crowd is all cheers and rooting for both teams. Seeing the ongoing stalemate the two distracters start to take their jobs very seriously. Reaching into his pants her teammate takes his now semi erect rod into her hand and starts to rub it. The crowd around them is wide eyed but staring intently. Not to be outdone my wife's distracter uses his other hand to pull aside her panties, then he rubs his two fingers around her lips as she tries to resist the pleasure and concentrate.
Reaching for the different handles to control her players makes my wife's hips move around grinding on his fingers. She tries harder to concentrate but his fingers are feeling pretty good and her juices are starting to flow. By this time her teammate has her player's balls in her hand while she strokes him. Invigorated by this he makes a hard shot and just then my wife's distracters fingers slip up into her pussy and she moans as the ball goes in for him to score.
Her shoulders slump for a second as she feels the loss of the point and the two guys waste no time in deciding themselves that it's their bra's that are coming off now. Behind my wife, nimble fingers unlatch her bra and it falls off her slumped shoulders to the ground. Someone in the crowd helps her teammate with hers and it falls off as well. Horny and being watched by all her co-workers and her boss my wife gets back to the game, she is determined to win. All she needs is one more point, however so does her opponent.
The ball goes is put into the game and she slams it down, but he sends it right back. Getting trickier her teammate goes under the table, takes her player into her mouth and starts to blow him. He is beside himself and almost lets a point slip by. Regaining his composure he turns the ball around giving it back to my wife.
Meanwhile her distracter is teasing her nipple between his fingers and trying to work his thumb up to her g-spot while using his fingers to play with her clit. The two players are having a hard time focusing and almost lose it at every turn. The guy behind her stops playing with her nipple to hold her panties aside again. Only this time in the back and he licks from her pussy all the way up her crack. Feeling this, her hands lose some of their control and the ball goes by right into the goal. The cheering is loud and everyone is congratulating the guy's team. The guys from the winning team come over and help the losing team out of their panties.
A consensus from the crowd is getting louder and louder. They are saying that the winners deserve a good prize. The crowd is all stirred up by all the sucking and fingering and they won't be satisfied very easily. My wife whispers something into her teammate's ear and she nods her head. Totally naked now, the two of them walk over to either end of the foosball table. Leaning over, they spread their legs and put their hands on the edge of the table. The guys don't think twice before coming over to collect their prize.
The guy that my wife played against walks up behind her and her distracter goes to the other side. As he brings his cock up between her thighs and puts it too her wet lips, he leans over her shoulder and whispers in her ear. "You let me win didn't you?" My wife just smiles as he starts to fuck her with everyone cheering and rooting on both teams again...