I gingerly made my way down the sidewalk in the direction of my home, a well-fucked ache between my legs as I attempted to beat my husband home from his golf outing. I couldn't help the smile on my face as I approached our house, the memory of how Alexandra had delightfully stretched my pussy ever-present in my mind.
"And what are you smiling about?"
I looked over across the street, and, for the first time, took notice of our neighbor Jasmine, who stood watering her flower beds. As was the norm for the women in our neighborhood, she was dressed immaculately, her hair and makeup just so for a chore that simply didn't require it. I sighed, trying to suppress the look of exasperation that threatened to blossom on my face. I reluctantly made my way over to the sidewalk in front of Jasmine's house. Her curiosity needed to be fed something empty yet filling, lest it fixates on me and my life. It occurred to me that I might start having to do that a lot more often.
"How are you today?" I asked, sidestepping her question with a smile as I watched her overwater her azaleas. I tried to affect as normal a look as possible, but the pleasant ache in my pussy was doing its damnedest to remind me that my new life was anything but normal.
"I'm fine, and don't think for a second that you can avoid my question," Jasmine said with a knowing smirk.
"What do you mean?" I replied, opting to play dumb. There I was, walking home from our newest neighbor's house - our openly lesbian neighbor, at that - with a freshly fucked look on my face. I felt a blush rise up on my cheeks at the thought of Alexandra's final instructions to me before she kissed me goodbye at her front door.
"You're not to wash your face until you've welcomed your husband home from his golf match."
The thought of Alexandra's juices coating my face at once got me wondering if Jasmine was standing downwind of me; if she was, could she smell the fragrant aroma of my new lover's pussy wafting towards her on the summer's breeze? The thought of it instantly filled me with concern while thrilling me at the same time. After all, in a wealthy neighborhood of affluent Stepford wives, each one doing their best to outdo the other in a Better Homes and Gardens/Modern Woman manner, I'd just broken the mold. I'd stepped out of line. I'd been a bad, bad girl.
"I mean, you hardly have any makeup on your face and you're prancing around in a pair of jeans and a T-shirt while sneaking back from Alexandra's house before your husband gets home. So, come on, girl: spill!"
"I'm hardly sneaking," I replied, feeling alarmed that she'd read me so well. "I'm walking down the sidewalk in broad daylight. And I was at Alexandra's because she's hired me as her new personal assistant, and she called me this morning to help her locate some paperwork she needs for the new book she's writing."
"Well, I've never before seen you leave the house looking so unkept," Jasmine retorted, clearly still suspicious of my reply. "And are you sure that you want to be working for that woman? After all, she's hardly like the rest of us."
"I happen to like and admire Alex a lot!" I announced, suddenly feeling defensive of my new employer and lover. "She's intelligent, funny, successful..."
"She's gay, is what she is," Jasmine said, interrupting my praise.
"Oh, come on, Jasmine," I said. . "I expected that kind of unenlightened and narrowminded comment from Steve, but not you." Despite my generally low opinion of Jasmine and all the other women in the neighborhood like her, I was both shocked and hurt. I'd never thought our neighborhood was that much of an ugly throwback.
"Don't get me wrong," she replied with a shrug, "I've got no problem with her sleeping with whomever she wants, but it's hardly a good look foryouto be spending so much time with her."
I felt the old anger threaten to erupt again, just like it had the other night with Steve. I literally had to chew at my tongue momentarily to prevent myself from similarly lighting into the bitch standing across from me. I managed it, but just barely.
"Well, I guess that I'll just have to give all of you neighborhood gossips something to talk about, because I have absolutely no intention of quitting my new job just because a bunch of kept women see it as being beneath me. And my only regret is that you ladies will allow your homophobia to prevent you from really getting to know Alexandra the way that I have."
With that, I turned and walked away from Jasmine, leaving her standing there with a shocked look on her face just as Steve pulled into our driveway.
So much for feeding her something innocuous, I thought to myself.Whatever. She deserves to eat her own potpourri-scented shit. She deserves to have Alexandra slap some fucking sense into her - not fuck her, though. That's only for me.
Still feeling confident and impertinent from my conversation with our neighbor, I met my husband as he stepped out of his vehicle. I reached up, grabbed Steve's cheeks, and pulled his startled face down to meet mine, kissing his lips before turning and stomping off into the house without comment. As I did, I couldn't help but smile, wondering if my husband could smell or taste Alexandra on my lips. The thought of him doing so filled me with a sense of naughtiness I couldn't wait to share with my mistress.

<<<<<>>>>>

If my clueless spouse noticed Alexandra's taste or aroma, he didn't mention it. I assumed his golf game had gone well, because he was in a good mood, even deigning to speak to me a couple of times without sounding like a petulant child.
I spent the rest of the day out back by the pool, enjoying the sun while topless and wondering if Alexandra was watching. I got my answer about an hour in when she sent me a photo of one of her leather-covered wooden paddles. I didn't need words to understand that she intended to punish me for teasing her again, a fact that had me getting wet and squirming on my chaise lounge.
Things seemed more normal between Steve and me that evening. We ordered takeout and actually enjoyed some polite conversation about our plans for the coming week. I did avoid the topic of Alexandra and my new job because I didn't see the sense in stirring up old hurts. Steve disappeared after supper to watch the baseball game on ESPN while I cleaned up our mess before making my way upstairs. I wanted to lay my outfit out for the next day and then spend so much time soaking in the tub that my skin got wrinkly. I was just settling down into the hot water when my phone rang. The caller ID showed Alexandra's name and a picture I'd snapped of her before leaving her house this morning.
"Hey," I said, answering her call, "can you just instinctively tell when I'm naked, or do you have a camera in my bathroom?"
"You're naked?" Alexandra asked, her tone indicating that she was trying to picture me in such a state. "It's cruel of you to put that thought in my head while you're with that awful man you married."
I smiled. I'd noticed that Alexandra seemed incapable of using Steve's name. It was like as long as she didn't say it, I wasn't really with him whenever I wasn't with her. I found it cute. It was endearing that she was just a little bit jealous of any time I spent with him, all delusions of it being "quality" time long since discarded.
"No, I'm alone. He's downstairs, engrossed in a baseball game."
"Good," Alexandra said, sounding pleased. "I detest the thought of him even touching you."
"Well, it doesn't happen often," I said. "But I did surprise him with a kiss once he got home from golf."
The line was quiet for a moment before my meaning hit her. "Had you washed your face yet?"
"Nope," I said with a giggle. "I even had a heated discussion with one of the neighborhood women with your pussy juice glazing my face."
"Heated? About what?"
I explained my conversation with Jasmine and her suspicions about what I had been up to, and finally recounted the slur she'd directed toward her. I half expected Alexandra to be upset or offended, but what I hadn't expected was for her to burst into laughter.
"Well, she's right," she replied once her fit of laughter had passed. "I am gay. What's concerning, though, is what she's implying about you. No one should have to come out or have rumors spread about them until they're prepared for it to become public knowledge. Am I safe in assuming that you fall into the category of not being ready?"
"Most definitely," I replied, horrified at the thought of Steve discovering that I was not only having an affair but with a woman. Part of it was selfish, of course. I didn't have a clear exit strategy. Another part was more charitable. I didn't particularly like Steve, but I still held forth some pity for him - guilt, really. I'd made choices, long ago. No matter how satisfying it was to vent about him with Alexandra, and to listen to her belittle him, shattering his ego and exposing him to public ridicule felt like a bridge too far. I was the one breaking vows. I was the one taking a sharp left turn away from the life he'd offered, and I'd accepted.
"Then we must be careful," Alexandra said. "That means when we are out in public that we'll need to keep things strictly professional. I will likely treat you as an employee and nothing more; please don't be offended if I'm dismissive of you."
"I can handle that if you can handle a little backtalk from your employee on occasion," I said with a smile, mischievously baiting her.
"Careful, young lady," Alexandra growled seductively. "You're already in line for a spanking thanks to that stunt you pulled out by your pool."
Her words left me feeling all tingly inside, our playful banter stirring something within me that no one else seemed capable of making me feel. That's just what Alexandra was to me. She was the person who could make me feel rabidly horny in one breath while having me laughing until my sides hurt in the next. I loved both things about her, along with everything else I'd already discovered.
"You've already bruised my poor lady parts with that monstrous cock you abused me with," I said in a faux little girl's voice. "Now you want to bruise my bottom, too?"
"The way you keep acting bratty makes me think you want me to spank you, so I'm only being accommodating."
"Me?" I replied, reaching up to touch my chest as if she could see me.
"Yes, you, young lady," she replied haughtily. "I already have plans for you tomorrow, so make sure that you're on time for your first day."
"Yes, Ms. Rossington," I cooed back at her.
"And maybe you should temper your wardrobe, considering there are likely to be curious eyes watching you make your trek to my house - curious eyes attached to gossipy mouths."
Mouths you should smack for being so impertinent, Mistress.
"Aww," I pouted, "and I already had a really slutty number picked out for my first day."
"... Save it for when we travel."

<<<<<>>>>>

I hadn't been lying when I'd suggested to Alexandra that I had intended to wear something utterly inappropriate. I'd already chosen a dress I hadn't worn since the last time I'd gone out on the town with my girlfriends as a single woman. It was almost as short as the skirt I'd chosen to wear to Alexandra's with no panties. It made up for being ever-so-slightly longer with a slit up the right leg that went so high that wearing normal panties with it would have looked trashy, not merely slutty. I already knew that that wasn't the kind of slut Alexandra liked.
That was all moot, though - temporarily. I made the walk to Alexandra's in a very conservative two-piece summer midi-dress that was perfect for wearing to church, if you were into that sort of thing. It had a crew neckline and was three-fourths length. I paired it with a set of white, three-inch, open-toed heels. The entire ensemble had been one I'd bought when Steve had been wooing a potential client who was ultra-conservative. I'd only worn it once and had meant to donate it to Goodwill afterward, but it had gotten shoved to the back of my closet forgotten until that very morning.
"Well don't you look very wholesome," Alexandra declared as she opened her front door to greet me. I stepped into her home as she closed the door behind me. Then she turned, holding out a key. "Put this on your keyring. It's the key to the house. You can let yourself in from now on."
I tucked the key into a pocket of my purse, making a mental note to add it to my small collection of keys later that day. I then followed Alexandra's shapely ass as it sashayed back and forth. The trip to the anteroom outside her office was, in my opinion, far too short. There, sitting on the desk, was a new Apple laptop and iPhone. Off to the side was a printer and fax machine.
"This is your desk, where you'll meet my patients and handle any of my needs during the day. In it is an extra set of the keys to my Range Rover in the event I need you to run any errands, and there's also an envelope with petty cash in it. You will basically be handling billing, scheduling, and meeting any needs I have during the day. It will also be up to you to make sure I'm not interrupted whenever I'm in session with a patient. Also, I expect you to keep that phone on you day and night. If I need something, I should always be able to get in contact with you in seconds."
"Got it," I said with a nod as I stood there trying to remember everything she'd said.
"Also, I would suggest that any communication between us that takes place on your work phone should remain strictly professional. There's no sense in taking the risk of that horrible man you married getting curious, and reading our texts. We can save our more risque texts for your personal cell."
"I agree."
"Excellent. Now, I only have one appointment scheduled for today. It's with a dear friend, and it's one of my therapeutic cases that take place in my special therapy center out back."
"Oh, okay," I replied, sitting down at the desk and setting my things aside.
"Good," Alexandra said contentedly. "Then as soon as you're settled in, I will need to see you in my office."
Once she'd disappeared inside her office, I opened the new computer, noting it had already been set up. There was a folder for patient billing and a patient's directory with contact numbers and addresses. Next, I opened my new cell phone and did my best to memorize the telephone number attached to it before locking my purse in the bottom drawer and standing to go join Alexandra in her office.
"You needed me, Ms. Rossington?"
"Yes, I do," Alexandra replied with a smirk as she looked up from where she'd been typing on her keyboard before leaning back in her chair. "You're wearing entirely too much clothing, Brooke. I think your panties will be sufficient, provided they're sexy."
"Pardon?" I asked, sure that she was joking.
"You heard me, kitten. Strip!"
"What about your patient?" I asked, even as my fingers went to the zipper on my dress.
"Like I said, she's a friend, and I may have already mentioned you. I'd like to be able to show you off."
I felt a little thrilled at the knowledge that Alexandra was already discussing me with her friends. The notion that I would be exposing myself in front of this person was titillating, too. That meant that I was more to her than some little passing fancy or fling. She'd gone out of her way so far to make room for me in her life, and that struck a chord within me.
I allowed my dress to hit the floor. Picking it up, I folded it before setting it atop a filing cabinet along the wall. I then reached around behind me and unhooked my bra, tossing the undergarment on top of my dress. That left me standing there in only a white thong with matching high-heel shoes. Putting one hand on my hip, I struck a seductive pose and waited for further instructions.
"You have no idea how badly I want to fuck you right now," Alexandra growled at me, her tone deep and throaty. "I want to throw you on top of this desk and ravish your petite little body until you beg me to stop!"
I flushed under the intensity of her stare but managed to keep eye contact. "Is there anything I can do to help the situation?" I asked, raising one eyebrow suggestively.
"On your knees, right here," Alexandra ordered, turning to the side and pointing at a spot directly in front of her. "I'm not going to be able to accomplish anything today without bathing that sexy little face of yours in my cum."
"We don't want that, do we?" I asked rhetorically as I dropped to my knees and began to undo the buttons holding up her pants. Once they were unfastened, I lowered them, allowing Alexandra to step out of each leg and leaving her in only a pair of sheer teal panties. I watched as she settled back into her chair before using her fingers to sweep her undergarment aside.
Taking the hint, I buried my face between her legs and began to lap at her succulent sex like a thirsty animal drinking from a stream. She was already wet, her quivering quim sustained my taste buds as I nourished myself on its goodness. Alexandra settled back in her chair, her eyes staring down at me in rapt attention, her right hand massaging her breast through her top. Her baby blues seemed to hint at something that was just beyond my ability to decipher, its meaning remaining a mystery to me as I continued to ravish her body.
"God, yes," Alexandra moaned, her hand going to the back of my head as she pulled me in a little tighter, strengthening the contact between my mouth and her highly aroused sex. "I love your mouth! Are you sure I'm the first woman you've gone down on?"
"Really, Alexandra?" came the sound of a voice I didn't recognize, causing me a momentary second of panic in which I tried to rise up.
"No, you don't," Alexandra demanded, tightening the grip she had on the back of my head. "You stay right where you are, kitten. It's just my nine AM appointment arriving a little early. You pay her no mind."
"Are you going to introduce me to your new friend?" the woman asked. Her question caused me to stare up at Alexandra expectantly as I awaited her answer.
"Brooke, this worthless slut is my good friend Diedre. Diedre, this is my girlfriend and personal assistant, Brooke."
My tongue paused in mid-swipe. That was the first time she'd referred using that terminology. Was that what we were? Girlfriends? The thought of it caused my insides to flutter, making me realize that I liked it. I was in a lesbian relationship, and the thought of it didn't terrify me. If anything, it felt right to me. For the first time in my life, I found myself feeling as though I was somewhere I belonged. Whether it was in Alexandra's arms or between her legs, there was an excitement and sense of contentment that made me feel at home.
"Hello, Brooke," Diedre said. "It appears that you have your mouth full right now, so I don't expect a reply."
I raised one hand, anyway, waving her way as I continued to suckle greedily at Alexandra's love button, any embarrassment at being observed while performing the act long gone. Truth be told, the fact that I was submissively performing the act while two grown women carried on a conversation above me turned me on even more. Maybe it was their dismissive attitudes, but it left me feeling slightly humiliated, and that drove my arousal into overdrive.
"That looks like it might be fun. Can I borrow her for a few minutes?" I heard Diedre say.
"You know I don't share," Alexandra said abruptly, her tone lacking the playful quality of the rest of their conversation.
"I know," Diedre replied, clearly feigning disappointment. "It's seems like it's been forever since I've had a woman go down on me, and Bill is clueless when it comes to oral sex."
"I'm sure you can remedy that situation on your next business trip," Alexandra said, her voice taking on a breathless quality that told me she was close to coming. I felt her thighs tighten on either side of my head as I clamped down on her clitoris and hoovered it into my mouth, my tongue performing a tap dance against it that was worthy of Fred Astaire. Alexandra began to shake, her stomach muscles tightening up as her climax struck her. Between her hand on the back of my head and the way her thighs had clamped down on me like a vice, I could hardly breathe.
Alexandra's climax finally eased up and she released my head, air rushing into my lungs even as I felt the cool air-conditioned air in the room meet the wetness on my face. I wore the coating like a badge of honor as I sat back on my haunches, able to look up and see our new guest for the first time.
Ourguest, because I'm Alexandra's girlfriend.
Diedre was an attractive middle-aged woman who appeared to be just shy of fifty. Her black hair had the first hints of gray interspersed among its locks, and she had surprisingly few wrinkles for a woman her age.
"Hi," I said, blushing as I stood, the feeling of embarrassment finally catching up with me.
"Hi yourself," she replied, and her eyes dropped down to the large diamond I wore on my left hand. "Does your husband know what you're getting up to in your new job?"she replied, her eyes dropping down to the large diamond I wore on my left hand.
"Dee... don't you even start," Alexandra warned in a protective manner that endeared her to me even further.
"I'm just teasing," she said, waving a hand at me.
"No, he doesn't," I replied anyway. "Does yours know you fuck other women and come here to be disciplined by Alexandra?"
"Oh!" Diedre said with a grin, "I like this one, Alex. She has a bit of a bratty streak in her."
"She does," Alexandra said, looking at me with approval as she slipped back into her pants. "And she can be a bit of a tease, too. I think that she likes the idea of getting spanked for it."
I felt my face heat up at the thought that she still owed me a spanking - and not just my face. What's more, I knew that the thought of it excited Alexandra, too. I could see it in her eyes as she stared at me with wanton intent.
"Do you need anything else?" I asked her, the slight quiver in my voice the only outward sign of my need.
"That will be all for now, Brooke," she replied with a smile. "You can close the door on your way out."
"It was a pleasure to meet you," I told Diedre with a nod, and made my way past her to the door.
"You too," she replied, and I could hear the smile in her voice.
I exited the room, closing the door behind me before sitting down at my desk. Sitting there, I couldn't help but wonder what Alexandra had told her about me. Were they in there talking about me right now? And why did the thought of that fill me with worry?