*** 1 ***
In a moment of icy silence, Joshua came to the rescue. That was just like him, always so insightful and ready to smooth things over. He cleared his throat and asked, "Would you like to see a magic trick I've been working on?"
"Oh, yes, dear," Clara said excitedly.
Joshua set down his fork, wiped his hands on the napkin, and stood up. "I'm going to need a volunteer for this one. Mom?"
Of course, I couldn't refuse. It would have been nice for him to do one of his coin tricks or anything that didn't involve me. Having me in the spotlight was unlikely to brighten the mood, no matter how good his act was. I felt the condescending stares of my parents-in-law, criticizing every fold out of place. I felt the loathful glare of Monica, Joshua's girlfriend, who hated my guts.
I stood up and smoothed out my dress. "Alright, what do you want me to do?"
"Just step aside for a moment," he replied.
He took over my spot at the end of the table and grabbed the hem of the green tablecloth. For a split second I was worried he was going to pull at it, like one of those stage magicians who pulled the cloth out from underneath plates but he just held it. As good as I thought he had gotten at sleight of hand tricks, I doubted it was physically possible to do that trick on a table that full of food. All six of us stared at him expectantly.
His entire body sprang into motion. His feet bent at the knee and he put the full weight of his body into yanking at the tablecloth.
All the contents of the table came zooming with it. The half-carved turkey on a silver platter. The bowl of squash soup. The gravy boat. The cranberry sauce. All the other serving bowls. The plates, glasses, and cutlery. The culmination of hours and hours of hard work and hundreds of dollars of earthenware.
The noise was horrendous. A cacophony of clangs, clatters, and bangs. My get wrenched into a tight knot. My brain was struggling to process what had just happened. The pitcher of orange juice shattered and cold liquid splashed against my feet. A large shard of glass embedded itself in the drywall.
I looked at Joshua, horrified. My parents' faces were pale. Clara's eyes goggled. Arthur held a fork with a piece of potato halfway to his mouth, slack-jawed. Monica's eyebrows were raised and her glasses slid down all the way to the tip of her nose.
The only one who didn't show any sort of reaction was Joshua. He went on as if nothing had happened. "This is a new trick I've been working on," he said nonchalantly.
He grabbed me by the shoulder and pushed me backward on the table. My back hit the solid wooden surface and it knocked the wind out of my lungs. What was happening? Had he gone insane?
"I'm going to make my cock disappear," he went on. He reached for his fly and unzipped. Clara let out a loud gasp at seeing her grandson pump his penis to a full six and a half inch erection.
Panic seized my mind. My legs felt numb and my fingers were tingling. Everyone at the table just kept staring as if we were all under the same spell. Everyone except for Joshua.
He pushed my dress up my legs, exposing the black lace Victoria's Secret briefs. I wanted to feel my best that morning and I knew I needed my emotional strength for the day, that's why I put on the fanciest underwear I owned. Anything else would have been better than the sheer black fabric that did next to nothing at concealing my sex.
"What..." I gasped in surprise.
Joshua slipped his fingers under the waistband of my briefs, his fingers digging into the soft, milky white skin of my thigh and yanked. A brief spike of pain flared up and the elastic bit into my skin. It snapped, exposing my pussy to the entirety of my extended family. Blood rushed to my head and I felt dizzy.
He stepped between my legs, prying them apart. Grabbed my thighs and pulled me closer to the edge. His thick, bulbous head pushed into me, splitting me apart.
A metallic clang erupted right next to my head as Arthur dropped the fork he was holding. Clara looked down at the scene in horror, hand covering her mouth. My mother had tears in her eyes and my dad's comforting touch did little. The portrait of my dead husband looked down on me with intense disapproval, asking me how I could let our son fuck me on the Thanksgiving table in front of everyone. Monica snarled with fury.
I wanted to die of shame. I pressed my hand on my crotch in a vain attempt to cover it up what was happening, but it did little. It just hid my bush and vulva but his thick shaft was still plunging into my wet pussy. Over and over. It felt so damn good.
Every thrust was accompanied by a wet squelch. The table creaked with movement. I breathed hard, trying my best not to cum.
Monica's lips were trembling but she was too dumbstruck to start shouting. She was looking at Joshua in disbelief, wondering just how it was possible that he preferred fucking his mother's cunt to hers. Part of me wanted to taunt her. I let out a moan to let her know just how great it felt to have him for myself.
Clara looked down at me with disgust in her beady little eyes. Like she was trying to tell me she knew that I was nothing but a worthless slut and this only confirmed it. What kind of a harlot got that wet at her son fucking her? I felt that confirmation in the slickness of my hand clutching my vagina.
How could I ever live down the humiliation of climaxing in front of my inlaws? In front of my own parents? I had no idea. I bit my lip to keep from moaning and blinked away a tear. Wave after wave of euphoria crested on my body.
"And now for the finale," Joshua announced and pulled out.
Cum hit my face. A hot splash on my flushed skin. A thick rope landed on my beautiful dress, all the way from my bellybutton to my shoulder. Five, six, seven ropes altogether. Joshua's hand grasped my upper thigh and his thumb stroked my still-quivering leg.
"Mom?" a different Joshua asked me.
I was yanked out of my fantasy hard enough to break the sound barrier. I looked around in bewilderment. The table was still set with all the dishes. The tablecloth was undisturbed. I felt nauseous. My knees were weak.
"What?" I asked. My mouth felt strange and I realized I drooled a little.
"You were looking at me funny," Joshua said.
Blood rushed to my face and I knew I was blushing. "Oh, I'm sorry. I was distracted. How's the food?"
"Great, but—"
"Excuse me for a second, I need to use the restroom."
I stood up on unsteady legs and hurried out of the room, grabbing my phone from the counter. Rushed up the stairs, trying to ignore the dampness between my legs. Locked the door of the master bathroom behind me and sucked in deep lungfuls of air.
I sat down on the lid of the toilet and called Aurelia. "I just had another one," I spoke into the microphone the instant she picked up. I shoved my hand between my legs and marveled at how drenched the poor fabric had gotten.
*** 2 ***
The bedsheet bore the unmistakable signs of lovemaking. A slightly crusty, discolored spot right in the center of the fabric. How much of it was Joshua's and how much Monica's? A shiver ran down my spine.
The two of them have been intimate for a while. I had no idea what Joshua saw in her. She was good-looking, with shoulder-length chestnut hair, a slim but plain face, and wore glasses. Someone as good-looking as Joshua was way out of her league and she knew it. That's why she fought like hell to keep him away from other women. Including me.
Sometimes I wondered if she was able to tell what was going on inside my head.
At least the weekend was over. I crumpled up the sheets and stuffed them in the washing machine, wishing I could also launder my brain clean. Monica was not quiet in bed and I had been able to hear them through the thin walls.
My imagination filled in the rest. Joshua, toned but not quite muscular, lying on top of Monica. Her legs wrapped around his waist. She whispered into his ear, "You are mine, Joshua. Only mine."
I slammed the door shut and started the machine. It began to fill with water.
Every day it seemed to get harder and harder to distract myself. I tried eating a snack but after opening the pantry, I remembered that I had thrown away all my snack food because if I had eaten a snack every time I got horny, I would have put on ten pounds. I tried watching TV but I was too restless to sit still.
Fortunately, a distraction arrived when the washing machine acted up. It did that once in a while, when large bed sheets got tangled up and formed a lump, the drum got misaligned. It made a loud kachunk-kachunk-kachunk as the entire machine rattled.
All I had to do was pause the program, untangle the mess, and start it up again. It took less than a minute and when I resumed, the machine hummed as expected. The drum spun around at over a thousand rotations a minute.
I placed my hand on the surface of the machine and was instantly reminded of touching a vibrator. I had been good all day but that was a step too much for me.
Stepping closer, I lifted up my skirt and pressed my vulva up against the corner of the machine. It was slower than a vibrator but nonetheless powerful. I inched closer and felt the corner slip between my folds, held back only by a thin layer of cotton.
Suddenly the door slammed against the wall, pushed open by an angry Joshua. I jumped in surprise. My legs felt funny. His face was red and angry.
"Mom! What the fuck did you do?"
"What?" I asked, taking a step back. I hadn't ever seen him this angry.
"It's Monica!" he bellowed, taking two big steps toward me.
"What about her?" Had she told him about my secret?
"We just broke up because of you!" he accused me, taking another mighty stride and reaching me.
"Me? I didn't do anything!" I said hastily.
Joshua poked me sharply in the sternum with his index finger. "You're doing my laundry!"
"I always do laundry," I defended myself.
"Yeah well I just took her up to my room to bang her and it turns out there aren't any sheets on the mattress, thanks to you. She laughed at me and told me that it was pathetic my mom still did laundry for me. You embarrassed me, Mom."
"Sorry, I didn't mean to!"
"That's not good enough. She said she wanted to be with a real man and dumped me. And she was going to let me fuck her in the ass today. I've wanted to pop her anal cherry for months and now I can't."
"Sor—"
Joshua grabbed a fistful of my hair and snapped my head back. "What the hell is apologizing going to do? Nothing. No, you're going to pay for it another way."
I was too surprised to do anything but follow his lead. Not that I had a lot of choice anyway. He tugged at my hair until I looked straight up at the ceiling and shoved me forward until my hips collided with the rumbling washing machine. He looked down at me, grinning like a wolf.
"Since it's your fault she left, guess I'm just going to have to fuck your ass instead."
Joshua pulled up my skirt with his free hand and yanked down my panties. I felt his hard cock protrude between my cheeks, probing at my sphincter.
I hoisted my left leg up on the washer. The corner dug between my lips, pressing hard against my clit. Joshua yanked my hair again, moving me into a better position.
For an agonizing minute, I thought that it wouldn't work. His cock pushed hard on my bud but it didn't give. Then all of a sudden it gave way and nearly his entire manhood slid deep into me.
It burned like fire at first and Joshua was merciless. He reached around to slip his hand under my shirt and squeeze my breasts. Hard.
"Monica was wrong. Turns out you are good for something after all," he laughed.
The burning sensation seemed to grow but it wasn't painful anymore. It was just warm, powerful, orgasmic energy. It spread throughout my body until my vision went blank and I exploded in a fiery, hot orgasm.
When I opened my eyes again, Joshua wasn't there. Just me, straddling the washing machine. The program had stopped already.
I swung my leg back down and looked at the poor thing with guilt. The entire top corner was slick with my juices, trailing down half the height of it.
Still prickling with leftover energy, I made my way to the kitchen and picked up the phone. Dialed.
"I need help," I said the moment Aurelia picked up.
*** 3 ***
Aurelia was my best friend in the whole world. We've known each other since Kindergarten, got married on the same weekend — one after the other — and she was my rock after my husband died.
That's not to say we were at all similar, we weren't. Aurelia lived in a fourth-floor, spacious apartment downtown, even though I have offered plenty of times for her to move in with me. She always said that she needed the hustle and bustle of humans around her that only a city could provide, living in a boring suburb would be the death of her.
She also divorced within a year because she realized she liked women a lot more. That had been quite a shock for me at the time but it never hurt our relationship.
Other than occasionally trying, without success, to talk me into bed with her, she ran a small production company for TV commercials, which was her mother's business originally. It wasn't as glamorous as Hollywood but she was invited to all of the parties.
We were settled in for a long evening. An empty bottle of wine on the coffee table with another one already open. My head laid on her lap and she played with my hair. The TV was still playing Ultimate Heroes, an awful superhero show, but it was on mute.
"I don't know what to do, Aurie," I mumbled.
Aurelia knew about everything. I trusted her with my life and I suppose that telling her I had the hots for my son was quite literally placing my life into her hands. She had been less shocked at that than I had been at her coming out as a lesbian.
"Oh, Viv, you poor thing," she cooed.
"It would be so much easier if I knew if there was a chance at all. If there wasn't, I could at least stop wondering what if, you know? Then I'd know it was just something wrong with me and I could go to a therapist and get some help."
"Is it really that bad?"
"You have no idea. People think I'm on drugs when I start zoning out in the middle of conversation with a fantasy about my son. Everytime I close my eyes, all I see is hardcore, kinky sex."
"Really? Even now, with me?"
"Probably."
"Close your eyes."
I did but not after rolling them at her. The world went dark and Aurelia gently stroked my forehead. It was nice.
It didn't last long. I was just about to wonder how long she wanted me to do this when she abruptly scooted out from underneath me and stood up.
"Hey!" I complained.
"Get up," Aurelia said and grabbed my arm.
Under normal circumstances I might have put up a fight but I was so surprised by the sudden turn of events, I let her yank me to my feet. Aurelia was surprisingly strong for a woman of her size. She twisted my arm behind my back and hooked her arm around my other.
"What are you—"
My voice faltered when I heard loud footsteps approaching. Joshua rounded the corner. What was he doing here? He was supposed to be at class!
"I told him all about your little fantasies, Viv," Aurelia said and laughed.
I gulped and looked at Joshua, terrified. It wasn't supposed to happen like that.
"That's right, Mom. I thought she was joking at first, there's no way my mom would be such a filthy slut. Looks like I was wrong."
I tried to break free but Aurelia just twisted my arm up and a spike of pain shot through my shoulder. Joshua approached.
"Let me go!" I demanded.
"Oh no, Viv. It's game over for you," Aurelia sneered.
"Yeah, you're going to be our little pet slave from now on," Joshua added. "You dug your own grave. Either you obey us or the whole world is going to find out you want to fuck your own son."
"Please don't," I pleaded.
Joshua reached out, grabbed the beltline of my pants, and yanked them down. He shoved his hand between my legs, sticking three fingers up my pussy. Aurelia raised her leg and pushed my pants down all the way to my ankles with her foot.
"That's weird, almost feels like a normal cunt," Joshua remarked. "Now I'm starting to wonder what it would feel like to fuck her."
"And give the whore what she wants? No way. She's our little pet now and pets need to be punished. I think you should fuck her in the ass. Only in the ass. That's right, Viv," she said and nibbled at my earlobe. "You're going to be so close to everything you ever wanted but you will never feel his cock inside of your cunt. You're going to be our ass-slave."
Joshua pulled a bottle of lube out of his pocket, fished out his cock, and squeezed a hearty glob on the tip of his throbbing cock. He grabbed my knees and hoisted me up.
His glans pushed at my sphincter and I knew without a doubt it was too big. Gravity had another say in the matter. Joshua lessened his grip on my legs and I came plummeting down, impaling myself on his enormous dick.
"Ohhhhhhhhhhhh," I gasped as his cock filled me.
Despite everything, it felt great. My pussy dragged over the skin of his abdomen, leaving a wet trail of juices. This was going to be my life from now on.
"What's going on?" another Aurelia asked.
I opened my eyes and looked up at her. She was studying me with fascination. Joshua was gone. There was nothing in my ass. The only thing that remained was the wetness between my legs.
"I had a fantasy."
"You actually moaned, Viv. Like a straight up porn star moan."
"Sorry," I muttered.
"I wanna know what made you moaned like that."
"It's embarrassing."
"Come on, tell me."
I took a deep breath. There was no point in arguing with her any longer. We both knew that I would end up telling her everything.
So I did.
"Wow," Aurelia said when I finished. "And let me get this straight, you LIKED this fantasy?"
"Yes," I admitted. "Please tell me you know of a way to find out whether or not there's even a hint of a possibility."
"Well, he might be your son but he is still a guy. He'd probably fuck any wet hole," Aurelia laughed.
"I'm serious, Aurie."
"You could, you know, ACCIDENTALLY walk in on him. Naked."
"Please, this isn't a cheesy porn movie."
"Well, I don't know why you're asking me! I'm literally the worst person in the world to give advice on picking up—heeey, wait a minute. You're right!"
"About what?"
"A cheesy porn movie!"
"You want to show him porn... of me?"
"Not like a real porn but why the hell do I own a production company if I can't use it for this?"
"I don't know..."
"No, shut up Viv. You asked me to help, this is it. Let me tell you how this is going to work."
*** 4 ***
The Vivaldi was a terrific restaurant. A marble entrance way leading into a well-lit, elegant dining room. Mahogany furniture with royal purple fabric on a parquet floor. Creme curtains. Soft classical music playing in the background.
It was the perfect place for brunch for Will to meet my father. We've been dating on and off for a while now, more friends with benefits than anything really romantic, but Will got it in his head that he wanted something more serious. He was thirty-three, five years younger than me, and worked as a sports-injury counselor.
Will was humble, down to earth, and most of all calm. An emotional rock in the swirling ocean of my life. Adam liked him right away.
"So how much does one earn as a... what are you doing again?" Adam asked.
"I'm a trained physical therapist specializing in musculoskeletal sports injuries."
"Yes, that."
"I do well enough."
"He's a doctor, Dad," I reminded him.
"And certified by the ACSM and the AMSMM," Will added.
"That field must come with a lot of liability insurance," Dad, ever the lawyer, noted.
I sighed and went back to my pita bread with kale and egg. I knew that I should have felt happy that they were getting along but I wasn't. Not that I was secretly longing for them to fight either, it was just that the entire thing felt so... boring.
It would be the easiest thing in the world to say yes to Will. We'd move in together, get married eventually, and I'd probably lead a pretty good life. I liked him well enough and he liked me. What more could I hope for?
Heavy footsteps on the parquet made me turn my head. It was Joshua, holding some sort of leather contraption in his hand, bearing down on us. I sat up straighter in my chair. When he was less than ten feet, Will and Adam noticed him, too.
"What's up, Josh?" Adam asked.
Joshua ignored him, looking straight at me. "What are you doing here?" he demanded in a loud voice.
People turned to look at us.
"Just having brunch," I said.
"Why aren't you at home where you belong?" he said, fiercer.
"That's no way to talk to your mother," Will interjected, starting to get up.
"Sit back down," Joshua ordered and to my great surprise, Will obeyed. "This is between me and this bitch."
I gulped.
"Now wait just a minute," my father said.
Without a reaction, Joshua raised the leather strap. It was a leash. He tossed the ring over my head and tugged at it. The rough material dug into the skin of my throat. Will's jaw dropped.
"Get up," Joshua commanded, pulling me up by the leash. "I didn't allow you to take off your tail."
"My what?" I asked.
Joshua shoved me toward the table. I had just enough time to shove my plate and glass out of the way.
"Up," he said and placed both his strong hands on my asscheeks, pushing me on the table. "All fours."
I looked at Will and saw that tears were welling up in his eyes. His mouth was still open. My father looked at me with pity. He shook his head back and forth with shame. He was disgusted to see what had happened to his sweet girl. There was nothing left of his little princess but a deviant.
Joshua unbuttoned my jeans and yanked them down to around my ankles. He pulled a buttplug out of his back pocket. It was four inches long with a flared base and a tail attached. A fuzzy tail that matched the exact shade of my hair.
A glob of warm spit splattered on my asshole, shortly followed by the plug. I gasped when he just shoved it in with barely any resistance. It was surprisingly heavy.
"Come along now, my little puppy," Joshua said in a much warmer, friendlier tone.
The loving caress in his voice filled me with a warmth I desperately longed for. He gently tugged at the collar and I turned around, presenting my ass toward Will. I knew that's what Joshua would have wanted.
Carefully, I placed my hands on the seat cushion. It took me a while to climb down but I was so proud that I didn't fall. Joshua patted me on the head and told me what a good girl I was.
Leading me, Joshua headed for the exit. I could barely keep up with my jeans still around my knees, softening my steps. All around us, people were looking at us and laughing. People had their phones out, recording a once in a lifetime spectacle.
Noticing their attention, Joshua made another lap around the restaurant. Some of the people reached out to pat my head, some squeezed my breasts. A few of the more adventurous guys groped me between the legs. My son made sure to slow down and give them plenty of time before moving on.
I didn't care if I landed on the front page of the paper with a tail in my ass my pussy glistening with wetness. All I wanted was for Joshua to pat me on the head again and call me a good girl.
"Dear?" Will asked, shaking my arm.
I snapped out of it. Will and Adam were looking at me with concern. My heart was beating a thousand times a second.
"Excuse me," I muttered and got up.
No one was looking at us. Joshua wasn't there. I headed straight for the ladies' room.
Once inside, I pulled out my phone and dialed. Aurelia picked up.
"Let's do it."
*** 5 ***
"Joshua?" I called out.
"I'm here," came the reply from the living room.
My son was lounging in front of the television, watching a home remodelling show. Ever since he broke up with Monica—for real that time, not just in my fantasy—he's been moody. He wore dark gray sweatpants and a light gray sweatshirt, which he still managed to look great in. An empty half-quart of chocolate ice cream sat on the coffee table.
"I want to get your opinion on something," I said, setting down my purse and ignoring the growing tingle between my legs.
"Your dress looks great, Mom," he said and turned around to look at me. "Uh, I mean your jeans. Nice blouse."
"It's not that," I said, sitting down on the armrest of the couch.
That was enough to indicate to him that I wanted his full attention. He clicked off the TV and wiped leftover ice cream off his lips.
"What's up?"
"Well... lately, you know, with you going to college most days and"—I stopped myself from mentioning his father—"everything else, I've been feeling the growing urge to"—I stopped myself from blurting out what my body was really screaming for—"find a hobby."
"And you need me to help you figure out what it is?"
"Not exactly. I think I want to become an actress."
That made his eyes pop. "An actress? You?"
"You don't think I can act?" I asked, pouting.
"No, that's not what I meant, Mom. It's just... well, surprising. I didn't know you have Hollywood ambitions."
"Nothing as grand as that. Anyway, what I wanted to get your opinion on..." I reached into my jeans and pulled out a thumb drive. "I have a... not sure what to call it. A demo tape? Aurelia helped me record it and it stars yours truly. I'd like you to watch it and give me your honest opinion."
Joshua eyed the thumb drive suspiciously. "What's it about?"
"Just watch it, please," I said and held out the drive. "Aurelia said it should work on our TV."
My heart was thumping in my chest so loudly I was sure that he could hear it. My blood was boiling. Joshua shrugged and accepted the drive. When his fingers grazed my palm, goosebumps rose all over my body.
"Let me know when you finished," I said and turned to leave.
"You're not gonna watch?"
"I can't. I'm a little too embarrassed and I don't know if I can sit still."
"Well, okay," he chuckled and grinned. "Let's see if this is better than Avengers."
On my way out, I closed the door almost all the way, leaving it open just a fraction of an inch. Enough that I could see the entire couch and most of the screen but not enough that Joshua would be able to tell I was watching. He walked over to the TV and plugged the thumb drive into the side.
Not to toot my own horn but I looked gorgeous on the large display. I wore an emerald green bodycon that clung to my body tight as skin with lipstick to match. I looked exotic and sexy. It had been a pain to constantly pull in my tummy and the shoulderless design meant I couldn't wear a bra, but it was totally worth it.
The very first shot of the movie was of my perky ass entering the screen from the right and walking toward the bar of an elegant lounge. Joshua sat up straighter and looked around but he didn't spot me. It was hard not to laugh at the surprised look on his face.
A gravely male voice narrated the scene. "It was a hot and humid Saturday evening and all the lowlife in the city was out on the prowl. So, too, was Vivian the Verdant, Metropole's last hope. Dangerous as she is beautiful—" I sat down gracefully on one of the barstools next to a husky, African-American guy in a white jacket "—even heroes need to relax."
The scene changed to a closeup. It was a wonder how Aurelia managed to just get my cleavage into the shot as well. The bartender, a twenty-three year old latina named Mercedes, shuffled up to me. "What'll it—hey, wait a minute. Aren't you Vivian the Verdant?"
I let out a tired sigh and fluttered my perfectly styled eyelashes. "It's the dress that tipped you off, isn't it?"
"Wow, it really is you," Mercedes beamed.
"You are?" the guy next to me asked, leaning in, "You know, I got a great tip on a couple of really dirty fellas."
"No thanks, I don't take commissions. There's enough trouble following me around that I don't need to go looking for more."
Just at that moment was a loud bang as the door to the lounge flew open. A young man leapt in, waving a gun in the air. He had a red woolen hat pulled over his face with holes cut out of them and wore a leather jacket. His stature and complexion was very similar to Joshua's.
"HANDS UP! This is a robbery," the bandit yelled and fired his gun. They were blanks, of course, but movie magic made it sound like a bullet struck the ceiling.
I sighed, planted both hands on the bar, and pushed myself to my feet. In a sexy way. The gun was trained on me. Defiantly, I strode forward, looking at the barrel head-on.
"Stop or I'll shoot," the bandit yelled.
Ignoring his demand, I closed in on him. The bandit, an amateur actor that Aurelia knew, was pretty good at portraying the confusion in his stance. The gun trembled in his hand. He repeated his demand.
Stepping past the outstretched arm, I moved in close, standing only a few inches apart. The camera moved in. "I just wanted a nice, quiet night out on the town," I sighed.
"And I want all y'alls money," the bandit said, placing the barrel of the gun against my temple and cocking the hammer.
Unperturbed, I moved in even closer. I grabbed the hem of his mask and rolled it up, leaving his mouth exposed. My head moved forward and my lips pressed against his. In real life, that had been rather awkward to do. On the screen, however, it looked like an amazing kiss.
Cut to zoom out. I pulled my head back and now I was the one, holding his own gun between his legs, pointing right at his balls. "You came to the wrong bar, scoundrel."
Fade to black. Narrator.
"But Vivian the Verdant's life isn't always so thrilling. Once the action cools down and the day grows still, our heroine lives a secret double life, that of Vivian Greene. Thirty-eight years old, single, and lonely."
The next scene was in Aurelia's hallway. I entered wearing something similar to what I wore now, jeans and a green blouse, carrying a brown paper bag full of groceries in one hand and a newspaper in the other. I set the groceries down on the console and looked at the newspaper.
"As successful she is at fighting crime, she is without success in the world of dating."
A close up of the front page showed a picture of Vivian the Verdant, coolly holding the gun between the would-be robber's legs. The headline read: CITY SAFE THANKS TO VIVIAN THE VERDANT.
Now a close up of my face. I brushed two fingers over my plump lips, closed my eyes, and let out a sigh of longing. It was supposed to be a memory of the kiss but when I closed my mind, all I had been able to think about was Joshua.
Everything so far had been building up to what was about to come. I danced from one foot to the other in excitement. On the TV, I grabbed the hem of my blouse and pulled it over my head. There was a cut to the camera sitting on the hardwood floor and the blouse dropping into a pile. My legs were still in the shot. I walked two steps forward and then the jeans slid down to my knees. A little shimmy later and I left them in a second pile with just my smooth legs heading down the hallway.
Joshua shifted on the couch. He looked around the room again. I wished I knew what was going through his mind at the risque shot. Knowing what he was in for next was too much for me to bear. I quickly shoved a hand down the front of my jeans and said hello to my clit.
My humming emanated from the speakers. Water splashed on tile. Through the frosted window of the shower, it was definitely possible to tell that I was completely naked in there but it was too blurry to make out any details. Joshua was more than just shifting. He was restless, looking around the room again.
The next shot was in Aurelia's bedroom. I had a towel firmly wrapped around myself and held the newspaper in my hand again. Sitting down on the edge of the bed, my towel slipped quite a bit and if Aurelia had held the camera a foot lower, my son would have gotten a great view of my dripping wet pussy.
Instead, movie-me leaned in close and placed a gentle kiss on the newspaper. I tossed it aside and leaned back on the bed. The camera moved in close and Aurelia had held it above her head but the view was great. As if someone were looking down on me.
Vivian the Verdant slipped one hand between the folds of the towel and closed her eyes.
The TV's screen shut off abruptly.
*** 6 ***
Joshua jumped out of the couch. He pressed one hand against his crotch, trying to push down his erection. I felt lightheaded and pinched my clit just to make sure I wasn't dreaming. Everything was happening so fast.
Joshua paced back and forth for thirty seconds. It took all the strength in the world to pull my hand out of my pants and move away from the crack. I brushed my non-sticky hand through my hair, checked to make sure my clothing was in order, and pulled open the door.
"Honey?" I called out. "Everything went quiet, did you finish?"
Immediately, Joshua sat back down on the couch. He started to blush, turning beet red.
"Uh, um, uh."
"What's the matter?" I asked, slowly walking toward the couch.
"A-are you sure that was the right video?" he stammered.
"Vivian the Verdant, right?"
"Yeah, but—"
"Did you like the ending?" I asked.
"I didn't—"
"You didn't like it?" I gasped.
"No, no, no, I mean I haven't—I'm not—Not done."
"Is it that bad?" I sighed.
"No!" he blurted out.
"How far did you get?" I asked.
I slunk onto the couch next to him and picked up the remote.
"Wait!" he called out desperately.
Too bad for him I had more important plans.
Click. Vivian the Verdant was back on the screen with her hand between her legs.
"Ooh, this part was a lot of fun to film," I squealed.
Joshua didn't say anything. Out of the corner of my eye I saw him unable to decide whether to stare at me or movie-me. A translucent overlay showed the closeup of Vivian kissing the masked bandit again.
"I wasn't sure if the viewer would get the hint or not," I explained. "But basically Vivian the Verdant hasn't been laid in like two years because the guys she meets keep end up being bad guys. That's why she's so super horny."
Movie-me reached for her breast and the towel's feeble hold broke and fell away on one side of my body. My left leg and breast was exposed. My nipple was hard enough to cut glass, both on screen and in reality.
"Mom," Joshua begged next to me but I didn't react, knowing his suffering was about to be over.
The screen faded to black. The narrator returned.
"They say every superhero has a fatal weakness. Impervious to bullets with superhuman strength, it seems like Vivian the Verdant is the exception that proves the rule. Nobody knows that lust is her kryptonite and the hardest struggle she has ever fought is whether to send her enemies to prison or fuck them into submission. Join us next week to find out what happens when Vivian the Verdant meets her nemesis, Mr. Handsome."
The end.
I looked at Joshua, who was still red-faced and avoiding eye contact. He was clutching a pillow to his groin as if his life depended on it.
"So what did you think?" I asked him.
He threw the pillow away, revealing a massive tent in his sweatshorts. He leaned over and his firm hand wrapped around my throat, squeezing.
"What I think is that Mr. Handsome is about to show you what it feels like to finally lose. Your cunt is mine, Vivian the Verdant," he—
No! I pulled myself out of my fantasy. This was too important. I took a deep breath and watched poor Joshua, alternating between opening his mouth as if to say something and blushing again.
"It's..." he said and his voice croaked.
"Oh I know, it must be embarrassing to see your own mother on the screen like that. But if I'm going to star on some fancy new TV show like War of Chairs, there's a chance of stuff like that happening. There's really no need to feel embarrassed about it. What did you think of the first part?"
"That was cool," Joshua said quickly, seizing on the opportunity. "You were a total badass."
"I'm glad you liked it," I said and beamed at him. "I really enjoyed it. It took us two days of filming just to get all that, can you believe it? I never knew it was that much work just to capture a few minutes but I had a total blast. You think I might have a shot at landing a role?"
"Maybe."
"Oh," I said very disappointed and cast my eyes down.
"I mean yeah, you're gonna do great, Mom. You were pretty good in that first part, did you secretly take acting classes?"
"No but I practiced lines a lot with Aurelia."
"That's pretty good then."
"So you're okay with me becoming an actress?"
"Yeah, I guess I am," he said reluctantly.
"Great!" I beamed and leaned over to hug him. He shied away at first but he wasn't quick enough to escape. "This is going to be so much fun! I'll tell you what, the two of us can get together next and practice lines!"
"Uh—"
"Don't worry, Joshie," I said and gave him a quick peck on the cheek. "It's not difficult. You don't have to dress up at all and I promise I won't make you act out the love scene."
Joshua gulped. I stood up, brimming with sexy confidence. My entire body was buzzing with excitement.
"I gotta go tell Aurelia that our first review has come in," I called out to him and left.
This time I closed the door behind me, making sure to have it clap loudly. I wanted him to know that he was all alone and unobserved.
Hopefully he would realize that the thumb drive was still in the TV.
"I did it! I showed him," I told Aurelia the moment she picked up.
"Wow. Just... wow."
"I know what you mean. I'm tingly everywhere."
"Everywhere?" Aurelia giggled. "Are you—"
"Not yet. Hold on."
I closed the door of my bedroom and threw the phone on the bed. Three seconds later, all my clothes were on the floor. I threw myself down and let the smooth satin sheets kiss my naked body. It was enough to almost climax right there.
"Okay. I'm naked now," I said.
"I take it that means it went well? Tell me everything."
"Everything went like planned at first and he watched the first scene. But then he turned it off in the second one."
"He WHAT?" Aurelia gasped.
"It was just when I started masturbating. He turned it off and paced back and forth. Aurie, he had an erection."
"He did?"
"Oh yeah. Full-blown. So I broke script."
"You didn't—"
"No, no, I'm not that brash. I went in the room to ask him why the TV was off and he just started blushing it was super cute."
"I'll bet."
"So I watched the rest with him."
"Nooooooooo," Aurelia gasped in disbelief.
"Uh-huh. Two minutes of just watching me masturbate. He was so embarrassed!"
"Did he freak?"
"Not at all. He was actually pretty cool. We talked about my new hobby a bit and I think I can get him to read lines with me next week."
"Lines, huh?"
"Yes, for the next episode!"
"Not gonna be a lot of lines when it's just you on all fours getting fucked, Viv."
"I told you already I am not going to fuck someone on camera for you."
"Please?"
"No. The next person I'm going to fuck is Joshua."
"I get a little shiver down my spine every time I hear you say that."
"I know. Me too."
"So what's the next step?"
"I think I have an idea..."
When I finally got off the phone two hours later, Joshua was in his room with the door closed. The thumb drive was no longer in the living room. I couldn't help but grin.
*** 7 ***
It was like being back in college. I went to bed horny out of my mind and woke up like a sex-starved kitten. I went through two sets of batteries before noon. By the afternoon I was contemplating breaking my vow and letting Aurelia film me getting fucked just so I could scratch that itch.
But I remained firm. For three very long days I kept to my own schedule, giving my son some space and time to process everything that had happened. Mornings, noons, and evenings were just one long wet dream and I had no shortage of material. Joshua fucked every hole and crevice in my body, showering me in gallons of cum. He took me out on dates, fingering me while I drove, and pumping my ass full of cum in the restaurant bathroom.
But on the fourth day, I just couldn't take it anymore. I sat down in front of my laptop and started to write.
All afternoon, the bedroom was filled with a cacophony of clickety-clacks, interspersed by comforting buzzing.
"Jooooshua," I called out several hours later, hearing the downstairs door open. I hastily threw a bathrobe on and opened the door. "Do you know where my thumb drive went?"
There was silence from downstairs.
"Joshua?" I called out.
"Uh, I think it's still in the TV. Hold on, I'll bring it up to you."
"Thank you, sweetie."
It was an admirable effort but the walls in our house weren't that thick. He very quietly came up the stairs and made a diversion to his own room. Only after that did he knock on my office.
"Come in!"
"Here it is, looks like it must have slipped out and fell behind the TV," he lied.
"No wonder I couldn't find it. I swear I must have turned the whole house upside down looking for it. I really need it to send Aurelia some pictures."
"You could have just emailed them to her."
"Shoot, I totally forgot about that. You're right, that would be much easier than delivering them in person. Can you remind me how that works again?"
I sat down at my table, opened the lid of my laptop, and beckoned Joshua over.
"I'll show you by uploading my cock to your cunt, you filthy"—
No, stop it! Focus.
It was hard, with him standing right next to me. The bathrobe wasn't particularly well-fitting and I was completely naked beneath. Plenty of cleavage for him to ogle. I pressed the button to start the mail program.
"The files are on your laptop?" Joshua asked, leaning down to look at the screen. His ass looked ready to bite.
"Yes, on the desktop. V-one and V-two."
"Ok. All you have to do is click"—he selected the two files using the trackpad—"and drag them over to the email..."
The moment he released the button and the image attached to the e-mail, his words faltered. His jaw dropped.
Inside of the email window was a large preview of the picture he had just attached. I knew it well because I had taken it myself just a few hours earlier. It was me, naked, sitting on the bathroom countertop with my legs spread. It was only from the belly-button down to my knees but I had no doubt that he recognized me.
My pubic hair was shaved into a very well defined "V" and my pussy was just out of the angle, pressing against the cool marble. It wasn't visible in the picture but there was a sizable puddle where my labia pressed against the surface.
"Oh my god!" Joshua gasped, straightened up, and whirled around fast enough to break the sound barrier.
"Whoops," I giggled. "Sorry about that."
Even from the back of his head, I could tell by his ears that he was blushing.
"You could have warned me!"
"I didn't know it would do that," I lied. "Did you like the design?"
"The what?"
"The design. Take a look," I said, coaxing him.
He turned around, squeezing his eyes shut.
"Don't be a baby," I scolded him. "I'm sure it's nothing you haven't already seen at your age. Now take a closer look and tell me what you think."
"W-what I think?" he stammered.
"About the design, yes."
Joshua peeked out of one eye. I pointed at the screen and drew the V into the air.
"See? I made it into a V for Vivian the Verdant."
"You're going to show THAT on the camera?" he asked.
But it was already too late. He wasn't looking away from the image anymore. He opened his other eye and stared at my pubic area with utter fascination.
"It's in the script," I said matter-of-factly.
I picked up the sheaf of stapled paper and held it between him and the monitor. He startled and shook himself, focusing on the script. He reached out with a trembling hand.
"Great, I'll go get my copy," I said and got up.
The other copy I printed out was very conveniently in my bedroom. I left the office, telling him I'd be right back. Part of me felt guilty for doing that to him. I knew that I was putting on a lot of pressure on him and it wouldn't be easy for him because I had been dealing with the same thing for quite a while.
Upon my return, Joshua leaned against the bookshelf, as far away from the laptop as possible. His face was buried in the script but to my great amusement, he held it upside down. The picture on the laptop was gone, showing just the inbox.
"I j-just remembered that I have a lot of work left for school that's due soon and I really need to do it can we do this some other time?" he stammered, trembling.
"Sure," I said and shrugged.
As soon as Joshua was out of the room, curiosity drove me onward. I sat down at the laptop and looked to see what happened.
To my great disappointment, the window with the picture was just minimized. Aurelia's address was still typed at the top. I let out a sigh of frustration. Had I been wrong about all of this? Did he not think me as attractive and I was the worst mother in the world for throwing myself at him?
Gloomily, I checked the Sent folder just to make sure. The last entry was from five days ago. I've never felt shittier in my entire life. It was time to wind down everything. Perhaps see a psychiatrist to help fix me. Cry a lot.
I was in the process of closing the laptop screen when I saw the icon for the trash bin. I folded it open again and clicked on it. My heart skipped several beats.
The most recent entry was from three minutes ago. An email to Joshua. I clicked on it and saw my gorgeous naked body attached as a picture.
Hope rebounded and with hope came lust. Fortunately my bathrobe gave me convenient access and I dragged a finger up my labia, enjoying the tingling welcome.
He had attached both V1.jpg and V2.jpg. I opened the second attachment. It was a mirror selfie of myself, posing with one fist on my hip, looking heroic — or as much as I could manage while being completely naked. My hips were slightly turned, flashing the side of my ass but hiding everything else. Except for the breasts, of course. Nice and plump.
I hoped it would drive him mad to be so close to seeing my pussy but so far away. Mad enough to eventually fuck me.
*** 8 ***
"Wow, this is like being in a real movie," Clara said.
All of us were gathered in the magnificent, hardwood covered ballroom. Joshua's grandma was dressed up elegantly in an evening gown, standing next to her equally well-dressed husband. I had no idea how Aurelia managed it but the hall was packed with extras. I recognized the bartender woman from the last shoot and Brandyn, one of Joshua's old friends from high school.
"Everyone in position!" Aurelia called out, waving her hand commandingly.
I was wearing a modified version of my Vivian the Verdant costume. The dress was green, though much longer, feathering out at the bottom and my hair was done up in a bun. Joshua wore a magnificent tux that made him easily look ten years older. Just looking at him made my knees weak.
We stood opposite each other and he moved in close. His hand laid on my waist and his other hand intertwined with mine. His firm body pressed up against me, reminding me that I was wearing nothing underneath my dress except for a flimsy pair of cotton panties.
Music appeared out of nowhere. A slow, classical piece.
"Ready?" Aurelia called out, getting the camera ready. "Three. Two. One... Action!"
And off we were. Joshua was leading, pulling me closer to Aurelia. He must have practiced his steps for hours to be that confident.
"I finally caught you, Mr. Handsome," I said once we were close to the camera.
"You? Catch me?" Joshua chuckled. "My dear lady, you should check which net it is that you prey upon."
"By now, all your guards will be fast asleep."
"Guards? You think I need guards to defeat you, Vivian?"
"You sound awfully cocky for a man who's about to spend the rest of his life in prison."
"And you sound awfully sure that I don't know about your secret," he said and grinned.
"My secret?" I gasped.
Joshua moved in. His lips pressed against mine. It melted my heart and jellied my legs. Trying to act like I was taken off guard was the easiest thing in the world.
But it didn't stop there. Joshua broke contact to plant a sloppy, wet kiss on my neck. He let go of my hand to grab my shoulder and spin me around. Facing the camera. The other dancing couples slowed down to gawk at what was happening.
"That's right, you wanton harlot," Joshua whispered in my ear.
He grabbed the bustline of the dress with both hands and tore at it. With a loud rrrritch, the fabric came apart. People gasped. That part hadn't been in the script.
Everyone's eyes were on me as Joshua ripped my beautiful green dress in half. My breasts spilled out. My heart raced. Aurelia stood right in front of me, getting everything on tape.
There was a sharp twang when Joshua just tore off my flimsy panties. Everyone was able to see my dyed-green pubic hair in the shape of a V.
"Holy shit," Brandyn called out.
"Cut! Cut, cut, cut!" Clara yelled in a high-pitched voice.
Joshua enveloped me in his arms and slipped two fingers inside my wet pussy. He kissed me on the neck again.
"I told you I knew your secret, Mom," he whispered.
He shoved the two fingers that had been inside my cunt into my mouth, making me eat my own juices while he unzipped his pants.
"Stop it! Oh Joshua darling, you have to stop this!" Clara begged.
"I'm the king of this city!" he roared as he shoved his cock inside me.
"Hell yeah, fuck her," Brandyn called out.
Joshua didn't need anyone's permission to take what's rightfully his. His hips slammed into the back of my thighs, causing me to stumble forward. I would have fallen if it wasn't for his iron grip on my biceps. He thrust into me again, nearly lifting me off the ground.
"Oh, God yes, fuck me, you villain," I moaned.
"Villain? Are you ok?" Will asked.
I gasped awake. There were a lot of people there but none of them were dressed up and everything was dark. Except for the giant screen in front of me. It was a raunchy sex-scene between Everard, the hard-boiled detective, and Ms. Jillian, his client. My heart was pounding.
"Yeah," I mumbled.
"Did you fall asleep?" Will asked, concerned.
"Sorry, not feeling well. I'll be right back," I said, grabbing my purse and getting up.
There were a lot of complaints as I pushed past half a dozen people to get to the aisle. I followed the light strips to the exit, stepping into the deserted movie theater hallway. The bathrooms were on the right.
I locked myself into a stall and took a deep breath. It had been the most realistic fantasy yet. I rubbed my neck where Joshua had kissed. My panties were soaked. My fingers trembled while digging my phone out.
All of this had to end. I couldn't take it anymore.
I pushed down my jeans, pulled up my t-shirt, and sat down on the edge of the seat. Selfie mode on. Phone held low between my legs, shooting upward. I stuck out my tongue and snapped a picture.
It wasn't the most glamorous setting but it didn't matter. Everything I wanted was on the screen. My dripping wet pussy, slightly out of focus. My breasts. Me, sticking out my tongue in a sufficiently sassy manner. Everything, framed by my thighs.
Before I had a chance to recover from my temporary insanity, I emailed it to Joshua's address.
Subject: I can't believe you mailed those pictures to yourself behind my back...
Body: ... if you wanted me to send you nudes like this one, all you had to do was ask.
The email icon spun around, slowed down, stopped, faded. It was done.
Oh God, it was done. The air in the bathroom was stale. I hurriedly dressed again, splashed some water on my face and stalked out of there. I turned the corner and slammed into something hard. Will.
"Everything okay?" he asked.
"No," I said. "I don't want to be with you. You're nice and everything but I don't want you."
"Are you... breaking up with me?"
"Yes. Yes, I am. Goodbye, William," I said confidently.
Leaving him standing there like a deer in the headlights, I raced for the exit. The cool, fresh June air was wonderful. I sucked in a deep lungful and for the first time in a long time, I felt like I was really alive.
*** 9 ***
Everything in the house was dead quiet. Not the normal kind of quiet but as if someone had set up a speaker system and cranked it up to negative eleven, actively sucking up all of the noise. No lights were on but Joshua's car was parked outside, so I knew he had to be there.
Something drew me toward the living room. I set down my purse on the kitchen counter and headed onward. There he was. Joshua. In the dark living room, sitting on the couch. His feet were pulled up and his head buried between his needs. Soft sobbing emanated from him.
My heart nearly broke. I sat down next to him, placed my arm around his shoulder, and pulled him in.
"I-I-I f-fucked up," he sobbed.
"Shhh, it's okay," I said in a soothing voice and kissed the top of his head.
"No, it's not! I didn't mean to do it, I promise!"
"It's not your fault," I said.
"Yes, it is! Oh God, I don't know what I was thinking. I'm such a pathetic loser."
"It's obvious. You were thinking about how hot I am, nothing wrong with that. I think it's very flattering that you think of me that way."
Joshua swallowed and raised his head. His eyes were read and tears streamed down his cheeks.
"What?" he asked, confused.
"I am so proud of the strong, handsome man you have become, Joshua. Every time I look at you, all I can think about is how beautiful you are. Nothing in the world makes me happier to know that you think about me that way, too."
"What?" he repeated, dumbfounded.
"Do you really think I would have shown you that movie and send you that picture if I didn't want you to see it?" I asked.
"But..." he said and faltered, looking at me.
I looked into his breathtakingly sweet brown eyes, smiled, and nodded.
"What are you saying?" he asked.
Instead of an answer, I leaned in and kissed him. My lips touched his and it felt like electricity coursing through my entire body. Fireworks were going off inside of me. It was happening, it was finally happening.
He didn't react at first, letting me nibble on his bottom lip, begging for an answer. When he finally did, it was hesitant. Little more than a smooch. No tongue, just lips.
But it was a kiss between mother and son. Nothing could have felt better.
"Wow," Joshua sighed when I let go. His eyes were closed and his mouth hung open.
"I've been dreaming about this for years."
"You have?"
"Yes. Some days I can't think about anything else."
"I... I've had some fantasies about you."
"Do you want to make those fantasies reality?"
"You mean—"
"Yes. Everything. Just you and me."
"Are you serious?"
To show him just how serious I was, I pulled up my t-shirt. I knew that I should have been taking it slower. This wasn't something to just rush. It wasn't even like we were dating. But I had known him for a very long time. And I hadn't been laid in a very long time, either.
My bra came loose with a snap. Joshua's eyes went wide. I sat up on my knees, unbuttoned my jeans, and pushed them and my panties down. I fell on my back, raised my legs into the air, and pushed them off completely.
It was wild to sit in front of him naked. The light from the kitchen illuminated the room enough to let him see everything. Well, almost everything. My legs were folded to the side but he seemed to be busy enough with the rest to not need more. Yet.
I leaned in again to kiss him. A short kiss on the lips to leave him longing for more, a peck on the cheek, a nibble on the ear.
"I want you to fuck me, Joshie," I whispered to him.
I let myself fall backward onto the couch and very slowly parted my leg. Joshua's kept getting wider and wider with every inch. There was a hunger in those eyes.
"What are you waiting for?" I asked.
Joshua didn't bother with his top, he went straight for his belt. I lost count of how many times I had fantasized about his cock. I knew he was well-endowed from our most recent vacation at the beach, so I wasn't surprised to see his fully erect, six-inch cock sprout out of his waist.
I was, however, surprised at how thick it was. Bigger than my vibrator. Uncut and unkempt, with a wild nest of pubes cradling his balls.
He waddled closer with his pants around his knees. His hand touched my knee. Goosebumps arose on my thigh.
"Wait," I said.
"What?"
I placed my thumb and forefinger around my right nipple and pinched as hard as I could.
"Ow," I yelped.
"Why did you do that?"
"I just needed to know that this isn't a fantasy," I said, hooked my ankles around his thighs, and pulled him in.
Joshua's cock slid inside me and it was perfect, as if it had been made for my pussy. Bigger than what I was used to but it was a welcome change. I've had longer, but before him, no man had ever been able to fill me in that way.
Half a second after he entered me, the realization hit me. My son was fucking me. His bulbous head was pushing its way inside me. My own son!
"Oh God," I gasped.
"Should I stop?" he asked, freezing.
"No, no, keep going. This is wonderful. Amazing," I breathed.
His pubes tickled my sensitive flesh. All of the bumps and veins on his shaft rippled against my vagina. My toes tingled. The weight of his body pressed me deeper into the couch, his thighs pushed on my cheeks.
"Oh God, yes," I sighed.
He thrust very slowly as if he was afraid of hurting me. I wanted to laugh but I couldn't. My body was no longer under my own control.
It seemed to last for an eternity. Just him, slowly thrusting in and out of me. I wanted it to go on forever.
Except it didn't. I felt him slowing down and pulling away from me. I pulled him back in using my feet.
"Wait, Mom, I—"
Then I felt it, too. His cock went rigid and started to throb. I laughed in exhilaration as he pumped his seed inside me.
"I'm sorry," he finished.
"Don't be."
"I don't usually finish that fast."
"It's okay, Joshie," I laughed. "Really. You are wonderful and I love you."
He pulled away again and I let him go. His cock pulled out of my with a slurping sound and I suddenly felt empty. Semen trickled out of me, tickling as rolled over my sphincter.
Joshua knelt there, breathing heavy. His magnificent cock was more flaccid now, slick with wetness.
"Holy shit," he muttered.
"You can say that again."
He looked down at my pussy, dripping with his cum. He looked at his own cock. Back at me.
"You're my mom," he blurted out.
"I know."
"I can't believe I..."
"Did you not want to?" I asked and the haze of euphoria started to evaporate.
"Yes... no, I mean, I don't know," he said and pulled up his pants.
"I wanted it and I'm glad it happened," I said firmly.
"I... need to think," he muttered and stood up.
"Joshua?" I called after him.
Without looking back at me, Joshua left. I listened to his footsteps retreating, going up the stairs, and his door close. Tears welled up in my eyes and the air suddenly felt cold.
Was that the beginning of the end? I had been so horny for years I couldn't think straight and took advantage of him. And for what? A couple moments of sex.
I hadn't even climaxed.
I drew my finger between my lips and scooped up some of his semen. It looked like the seed of any other man but it wasn't. It was my son's. I licked the creamy goo off my finger and cherished the memory of his fat cock inside of me. Pumping.
No, it hadn't been a mistake on my part. I wanted this above everything else. I worked my ass off to make it happen.
After quickly getting dressed, I headed up the stairs. I knocked on Joshua's door and heard the faint mumble of "come in."
It wasn't what I expected. He laid on the bed and put down his phone when I poked my head in. He was looking at the picture of me from earlier, in the movie theater's bathroom. I laid down on the bed beside him, nestled my head on his shoulder, and breathed in his musky aroma, tinged with sweat and sex. He put his arm around my shoulder.
"It doesn't feel real," he said quietly.
"That's why I pinched myself."
"I mean, I know it happened but... Jesus, it's so surreal."
"Are you mad at me?" I asked.
"For what?"
"For seducing you," I said and kissed his neck.
"You didn't seduce me."
"Yes, I did," I said.
"No, you didn't."
"I worked very hard at it."
"You don't get it. I've had... Mom, you know how you occasionally zone out in the middle of doing something and then someone notices and you jump like you just had the wits scared out of you?"
All those times I fantasized about having sex with him. Yeah, I remembered those.
"Vaguely."
"I always thought you looked really... cute. Sometimes you would just look at me and your eyes would twinkle and you were smiling in this really odd way while biting your lower lip. You know, like in a porn when the chick is really turned on by the guy. I always dreamed that's what a woman would look at me like when we kissed. When we made love. Sometimes when I was with Monica, I would try to picture her looking at me like that. I'm the worst son in the world."
I giggled. "You know all those times I zoned out? I was fantasizing about fucking you."
"You were?" he asked, surprised.
"Yeah. It's been driving me crazy. That's why I decided to seduce you."
"I still don't think you had anything to do with this. I was the one that copied those pictures when I shouldn't have."
"Aww," I cooed. "You are so cute for thinking I don't know how to use email and that I didn't show you those pictures on purpose. Who do you think I made that video for?"
"I thought that some sleazy guy managed to talk you into shooting a porn," he said.
I started to laugh. It was too funny to think about Joshua being protective of me. After a while, Joshua joined in. It felt great, just lying there, laughing our guts out.
"You are too adorable, sweetie. Do you want to have sex again?" I asked after collecting my breath.
"I don't know," Joshua said hesitantly. "Is this... right? Are we doing the right thing?"
"No, absolutely not. That's why it feels so good," I purred.
"How is it going to work? Are we like dating? Are we a couple?"
"I don't know. I haven't really thought about anything except for the part where I fuck your brains out," I answered.
"You really think like that?"
I barked a quick laugh. "Honey, you have no idea. I'm a very dirty woman. Whatever fantasy you have ever had, I'm up for it. You want to spank me and call me a filthy whore, I will let you. You want to cuff me to the bed and use me like a cheap toy, you can. You want to tap my ass, yes please. Nipple clamps, leashes, leath—"
"Jesus, Mom!"
"Too much?"
"Way too much. I'm practically still a virgin."
"We don't have to start with the rough stuff," I said, propping myself up on my elbow. "We can do some nice, romantic missionary sex. Or I can give you a blowjob if you want, I love giving blowjobs. Have you ever been rimmed?"
I leaned over to kiss him but he turned his head away.
"Mom!"
"You're right. I'm sorry. I'm putting way too much pressure on you. Let's just leave it like it is for tonight, okay? I have absolutely no regrets about what happened. We can talk again in the morning, okay?"
"Okay," he agreed.
I went to my bedroom feeling like I was walking on clouds. The air was cleaner, everything was brighter. I danced along the hallway, doing my best not to cry with joy.
"It happened. It finally happened!" I said the moment Aurelia picked up.
"It did? Tell me everything!"
*** 10 ***
It felt great to stretch my arms high above my head and let out a big yawn. It was ten o'clock and I hadn't gotten much sleep last night. Aurelia and I had talked for hours. Everything was shaping up to be a great day. The sun was nice and warm, the sky blue, and apart from a white cotton night shirt, I was completely naked. Ready for a day of naughty, raunchy fun.
When Joshua finally came down the stairs, breakfast was ready. Coffee, orange juice, scrambled eggs, bacon, toast, jam, cereal, milk, the works. I wanted him to have everything he desired.
To greet him, I pulled my fingers out of my pussy and bent over the kitchen cabinet with my posterior facing the hallway. He turned the corner and I tugged on the shoulders of my gown. It slid right up, sliding up over my ass. Perfectly squeezable cheeks framing a wet, ready-to-fuck pussy. A sparkling green bead of glass covering my bud.
"Breakfast is ready," I said, looking over my shoulder.
Joshua stopped in his tracks. He was fully dressed in the same clothes as the night before. The shirt looked like he had slept in it. His eyes were glued on my ass. I flexed my sphincter, feeling it contract around the metal plug.
"So it wasn't a dream," he said.
"Nope. There's food on the table if you want to eat something. Or you can fuck me first."
Joshua approached and my toes curled in excitement. He grabbed my right cheek and squeezed it, looking at my pussy with hunger.
"Am I supposed to leave that in there?" he asked.
"Yes, unless you want to fuck my ass. Your cock is a lot thicker than what I am used to, so I thought it would be a good idea to make sure my hole is stretched enough."
The sound of a zipper. Joshua stepped closer. He entered me. I rolled back my head and let out a sigh of satisfaction.
I swear it was bigger than the night before. He pushed in deep, pressing me against the kitchen counter. I stood on the tips of my toes to give him better access. He grabbed my waist and used them as leverage to pound harder.
"Mmmm," I moaned, showing my appreciation.
This time I had come with preparation. Thirty minutes of careful, teasing stimulation in the kitchen had already brought close to the edge. I wanted him to be the one to push me over it and I got it.
"Oh yeah, oh yeah," I rasped, letting him know what a good job he was doing.
The heat rose from deep within me and took over everything. After he pushed in, I contracted my vagina, hugging his shaft close, not letting it go. Then I relaxed again, letting him ram his cock inside me. I felt his big head force apart my opening.
"Ohhhhh yes, ohhhhhh," I groaned, not for his benefit, but because I was unable to stop myself.
I grabbed the edge of the counter and braced myself for the orgasm. It hit me like a freight train and for a long, wonderful, amazing time, I rode the highs of my climax.
Something warm splashed on my buttcheek. His cock wasn't in me anymore, which was confusing at first. Another split on my thigh. Something wet hit the floor.
"You can come in me," I muttered.
My cheeks clung to the countertop as I pulled myself away. Joshua was standing behind me, stroking his cock. He wiped it on my ass cheek.
"Unless you like cumming on me, I suppose," I said. "Are you one of those guys that likes coming on tits?"
"I don't know. I didn't really think about it. I always pulled out of Monica."
I stood up, turned around, and knelt down. I scooped up his cock with my tongue and wrapped my lips around his head. If he was any bigger, I wouldn't have been able to open my jaw wide enough. But I was able to take almost all of him in me.
"Oh God," he groaned.
Pulling my head back, I scraped up all of the juices and cum clinging to his shaft. I followed up with my hand, squeezing the last few drops of cum out of him. I licked my lips and stood up.
"Yummy!"
"Wow," he muttered.
"Breakfast?"
"I'm starving," he replied and headed for the table.
I tore off a couple of squares of paper towels and wiped my ass cheek. It was a waste of perfectly fine cum that should have gone inside of me. I took a seat next to him and just looked at him.
There was a lot of his father in him. People who saw family pictures always commented on just how much they looked alike. It wasn't all him, though. Joshua had a lot of me in him. His eyes and his eyebrows.
And now there was a lot of him in me as well.
"Yeah, just like that," Joshua said.
"What?" I asked.
"The way you looked at me just now, that's what I was talking about last night. You're... beautiful."
"I look at you like that because I love you, Joshua."
"You do?"
"Of course I do!"
Joshua raised another spoonful of cereal to his lips, looking pensive.
"Can I look at your pu—vagina?" he asked.
I grinned and before he finished speaking the word, I was already clearing part of the table. I pushed aside the platter with toast scrambled up on the table. I planted my feet beside his bowl and spreading my knees wide, opening myself up in front of him.
Joshua reached out and ran his index finger across my labia. He prodded the green glass bead. He slipped his finger up to his second joint into my pussy and pulled it out again. He ate another spoonful of cereal.
"It's nice, isn't it?" I said.
"Were you serious about doing everything I wanted?"
"Yes, very much. Just say it and it's yours."
"Can you teach me about sex?"
"Sure. What do you want to know?"
"Well, I was just thinking that it would be great if I could just... experiment, a little. I've never really done anything apart from putting my penis in the hole and then going until I was done."
"Ooh, there's an entire world of fun," I squealed. "Where do you want to start?"
"I don't know. I just want to look at you naked for a while. Play with your, uhm, boobs. See what it tastes like," he said and started to blush.
"Mmmm, we can do that." I lifted my nightgown over my head and tossed it aside. "I will be your teacher and you will be my student. You can call me Mrs. Mommy from now and if you don't do your homework on time, you will be punished."
Joshua winced and his shoulders fell. "Mom, this isn't some roleplay fantasy."
"Oh," I said, disappointed.
It wasn't like I had imagined it would be. Joshua was still young and inexperienced. In all of my fantasies, he had been a hardened stud with animalistic vigor.
"Sorry," he muttered. "Maybe this whole thing was a bad idea."
It was stupid of me to expect anything else. I sighed and swung my leg over his cereal bowl so I could hop off the table. If I continued to act like a sex-crazed bimbo, I knew I would lose him for sure. I did not want that.
It would be hard for me but the best course of action was to push the slut in me aside for the moment. Vivian the Verdant had to be locked away for her own good. I had to put aside my own needs for those of my son.
I walked behind Joshua and wrapped my arms around him, hugging him. I kissed his cheek, the way a mother would.
"No, you're right. I'm sorry. I was just thinking with my pussy. I will be here for you and only you. Answer any questions you have, do anything you want. I will teach you how to make love to a woman at your own pace. How does that sound?"
"That sounds nice. And I like the way your boobs feel on my back."
I laughed. "I think you'll find that it's going to be a lot easier and more fun to learn than you think. It's not like a college degree."
"God, I hope not."
I grinned.
I finally had him for real. I was going to have sex with my son. I was going to make love to my son. And, eventually, I was going to corrupt my son.
For the first time in a long time, I could just hug him and be near him without having to fight down my fantasies. They didn't appear. There was no need for them anymore.