It was Saturday night and James had invited me over to 'hang out.' He'd been harassing me since my little show Thursday so I finally gave in.
I'd dressed in a black crop hoodie and tiny red shorts that only covered half my ass. On my way out of the house I noticed my step dad Eric sitting alone in the living room. My mom was on a 'work trip' for the week and Blake had gone off somewhere with his buddy Lane so Eric and I were all alone.
"Hey daddy," I chirped sitting across from him.
"Hey Princess I didn't realize you were home," he smiled.
"I was watching some of those videos you suggested," I blushed. Eric had told his sweet innocent step daughter about a porn site. I was already intimately familiar with it, but he didn't know that.
"Oh were you?" he watched me hungrily. I slowly unzipped the hoodie revealing my perky DD breasts and slid my hand into my shorts.
"I want to put on a show for you daddy," I murmured. I threw my head back as I began pinching and rubbing my nipples as I fingered myself.
"Uh uh ohhh fuck daddy it feels so good," I whimpered. I plunged my fingers inside myself as he watched and when I came I slid my own finger into my mouth and licked my sweet juices off.
"Did you enjoy watching me daddy?" I bit my lip.
"Very much Princess," he growled as he stroked his cock furiously.
"Can I have a treat daddy?" I said getting up and falling to my knees in front of him. I opened my mouth for him and he stuffed his cock in, fucking my throat with three powerful thrusts before he gave me his load.
"Mmm daddy," I moaned around his cock as I swallowed every last drop.
"Thank you sweetie," he caressed my face as he pulled his pants back on.
"Mmm of course daddy... maybe later tonight we can play with the new toys you bought me," I suggested. Eric had come home yesterday with a bag full of goodies, a dildo, a vibrator, a clitoral stimulating egg, nipple clamps, butt plugs, and my favorite vibrating panties with a little remote. Today he had brought me a bag of trashy lingerie from Victoria's secret I couldn't wait to wear next Thursday.
"We can go play now if you want Princess," he slid his fingers along my ass cheeks and squeezed.
"Oh I wish daddy, but I promised my friend I'd come over," I pouted.
"Don't worry Princess, we can play later just make sure you wear that lingerie daddy likes," he said.
"Oh I will daddy," I assured him, "see you tonight!"
I skipped out of the living room and when I got to the front door I zipped up my hoodie half way and went next door. The majority of my breasts were exposed, but I didn't adjust my hoodie as I knocked on the front door.
"Hey Callie, you here to see James?" Mr. Mason greeted me. His eyes zeroed in on my exposed chest immediately and he shifted uncomfortably. Mr. Mason was a single father who had lost his wife in a car accident twelve years ago. I knew he watched me just as much as his son and friends did and I didn't mind at all. He was just a lonely old man taking pleasure from watching the sexy young thing next door.
"I sure am, can I come in?" I giggled.
"Oh of course, he's up in his room," Mr. Mason waved me in.
"Thank you," I gave him a dazzling smile before heading up the stairs to James room.
"Knock, knock," I said as I opened his door. He was sitting at his desk on his laptop and as I walked in he shut it off, but left it open. I saw the tell tale blinking of the green light on his webcam and smirked.
"Nice outfit," he grinned his mesmerizing blue eyes roaming over my substantial cleavage.
"I thought you'd like it," I smirked. My thighs were still wet with my own cum and my nipples grew hard knowing James was recording all this.
"So what do you want to do?" he said going and sitting on the edge of his bed.
"I thought we went over this Thursday James," I huffed and then I sauntered over and stood in front of him.
"Oh?" he raised his eyebrows as his hands rested on my hips.
"What I want to do is you," I murmured as I unzipped my hoodie and pushed it off my shoulders. His lips captured mine and he groped my breasts as we kissed while I ran my fingers through his short golden blonde hair. He began kissing down my neck as I unbuttoned his jeans and pulled down my own shorts. I stepped out of them and straddled his lap.
"Fuck me James," I moaned as I ground my pussy against him. He pulled his shirt over his head revealing some chiseled abs and a happy trail that taunted me. Next he pushed his jeans and boxers down to his knees freeing his cock. I positioned myself over it and sank down hissing as his thick shaft stretched me.
"Damn you're tight," he groaned. I lifted myself up and sank back down getting a rhythm going as I rode him. He kissed my breasts and pulled my nipples into his mouth sucking and nipping at them. I made sure to exaggerate my moans for the camera as I fucked him hard and fast.
"Oh James! Oh fuck you're so big!" I wailed.
James growled and pulled out of me only stopping so he could bend me over his bed. He rammed his cock inside me from behind now and my legs nearly gave out beneath me as he railed me. His fingers tangled in my hair lifting my body off the bed with each thrust. My pussy tightened around his cock as my orgasm neared, sensing this he slapped my ass and with the same hand reached around and began rubbing my clit.
"Mmm yes! Yes! Harder James!" I said as I came. His cock began making obscene squelching sounds as he pounded into me. It took him only a moment to cum and his hot load landed on my ass cheeks. I reached around and dragged my finger in his sticky cum gathering a gob on my finger. I sucked it into my mouth and moaned as I cleaned my finger.
"Mmm thank you James," I purred turning to face him. His eyes darted from me to his laptop and I had to stop myself from snickering.
"James I know your webcam is on," I whispered in his ear.
He stared at me wide eyed and then a slow smile broke out on his face. He got up and closed the lap top before saying anything.
"Why'd you let me record you?" he asked curiously.
I shrugged, "I like it, it turns me on... you really think I just happen to masturbate every Thursday with my blinds open?"
He actually blushed at that and I couldn't help but giggle.
"So you know the team watches you?"
"Yes, I get off on it," I assured him.
"Fuck Callie, when did you become so wild?" he chuckled.
"I've always been like this, but now I'm legal," I shrugged.
"Well damn I have felt like a perve these last few weeks, but I couldn't stop watching," he shook his head.
"I don't want you to stop, in fact I've been wanting to do more... I was getting bored of the same routine," I admitted.
"Well I can definitely help you with that, the guys have all kinds of fantasies about what they want you to do," he told me.
"Oh do tell," I said excitedly.
The rest of the time I was over James and I laid naked on his bed talking about all the naughty things I could start doing Thursdays. Before I left I made sure to give him the blow job of his life which I also let him record. As I walked home my mind swam with ideas for next week.
By the time Eric snuck in my room that night I was extremely horny and ready for anything.