Brooke - Chapter 1
I had just turned nineteen and was working at a local seafood restaurant. The restaurant was not a great place to work, but it paid the bills and I made a fortune in tips. I was still living at home. I had decided to take a break year between high school and college. I hated that job; dealing with customers, carrying disgusting food back and forth between tables and the kitchen. One day, however, that all changed.
I grudgingly walked into the entrance to the restaurant, dressed in my uniform and ready to work. I passed my friend John, the bartender, as I entered the establishment. After I gave him a wave, I passed the hostess stand and walked toward the kitchen to clock in. I noticed there was a hostess, and I had never seen her before. I was deep in the zone trying to get myself mentally prepared for the dinner rush and dismissed the thought of the hostess as I ran through my list of prep work.
As I made my initial rounds of the restaurant, I went to the hostess desk to see where my table section would be for the night. It was a Friday night, and although it would be a busy and difficult evening of work, I knew I would make a lot of money in tips. When I approached the hostess stand, I noticed and memorized my section for the night. I had a decent section, and I was excited at the possibility of making good tips. As I was looking at the seating chart, someone walked up behind me.
"Hi," a voice said, "I'm Brooke. I'm new here."
"Hello," I replied, "my name is Everett. I was just looking at the section chart. I hope I didn't mess with your stand."
"Oh no, that's totally fine. Actually I wanted to meet all the servers. I want to make sure I can attach a face to the name when I'm seating people this evening," Brooke said.
"Well, it's great to meet you. I'm happy to have you on the team. Make sure you bring all the big money to my tables tonight!" I cleverly replied, feeling a bit nervous.
She was absolutely gorgeous. She had a great, slim figure and she was wearing a strappy spring dress. It was chilly in the restaurant. I could have sworn she wasn't wearing a bra and could just make out her erect nipples. It was one of those situations where I had to look away and adjust myself, even though I wanted to stare for hours. She had a great body, but I knew if I stared too long I would get into trouble.
Throughout the night, I'd try to make passes by the hostess stand; pretending to go to the bar, or back to the kitchen, just to get a look at that beautiful woman. She had straight, brown hair down past her shoulders. She had very skinny legs and a very small ass. She had trim hips that made her ass look like a bubble I wanted to pop. Hell, she was 18, and had a very hard body. At the end of the night, I was eating my free dinner, a plate of chicken parmesan. I was seated in the bar, eating my food, waiting for my last table to pay their check and vacate the restaurant. She came and sat beside me. The whole night we had been exchanging glances and stares, but I couldn't tell if she was into me.
As I was eating my food, she began talking to me.
"You know, I was impressed how well you did tonight," she said.
"Thanks, it was a Friday night. They get pretty crazy."
"Yeah, for my first night, it was really crazy. I'm extremely tired. I tried to seat you every time people came in, but I had to give other wait staff tables as well," said Brooke as she wetted her lips.
"So, what's your story? Why are you working here? Do you have a boyfriend?" I asked, nervously.
"No boyfriend, currently. Just got out of a long relationship. I'm just making some money to save up for college next year."
As she said this, she put her hand high on my thigh. I was eating at a table adjacent to the bar, and it was higher than most other tables. When she did this, I did my best to hide my shock and surprise. I had just met this woman, and I could tell she was already interested. I continued eating my food, pretending not to notice. I took one of my hands and placed it on hers. She removed her hand from mine, and began to stroke my dick outside of my pants. I tried my best to continue eating that delicious chicken parmesan, but I knew I would not be able to focus much longer.
In a less confident voice than before, I asked, "What are you doing tonight?"
"Not much, I've been bored recently. Do you think you could give me a ride home?" Brooke asked.
"Sure," I responded rather pathetically, "where do you live?"
We walked out of the restaurant together. It was already late at night and the full moon alone lit the pavement in the parking lot. As she walked in front of me, I couldn't help staring at her gorgeous ass, ripe like a peach. It was so tight that I had to do everything in my power to keep from touching it. Her hair also blew in the wind, and the exotic smell of her shampoo caused a twitch in my pants.
As we approached my car, I nervously unlocked it. We got in, and I was embarrassed to find that the car was a bit messy. I quickly moved things to the backseat and apologized. As I reached down to move the gear shift into drive, I noticed Brooke slowly spread her legs. As she did this, her dress rode up a little bit and I could see a hint of her pink panties. All of a sudden, I made eye contact with her.
"You should focus on the road, Everett," Brooke said all knowingly.
"Um, sorry," I said, my anxiety already high as I started out of the parking lot.
"Just turn left at this light," Brooke said. "I live down this road about a mile. I still live at home with my parents, and I really appreciate you driving me home. I called them to pick me up, but nobody answered the phone."
We continued to drive in silence. I was so focused on the road that I almost didn't register she had again placed her left hand on my thigh. I kind of jumped when I noticed what she had done but quickly regained my composure. She continued rubbing her hand against my dick, and I felt the bulge beginning to form in my pants.
"What do you think about me opening your zipper?" asked Brooke as she leaned over and breathed softly in my ear.
I tried my best to say something, anything, and I finally was able to say, "It's hot in here, I think that's a good idea."
What the hell was that? I thought I had lost this amazing opportunity right then and there, but she slowly slid down my zipper and pulled out my cock. She rubbed the head in a soft circle, and I was rock hard. She began to stroke my dick lazily with her hand. I didn't think it could get any better, until she said, "Have you ever had road head?"
I tried to come up with a cool response. I was surprised I was able to say anything at all. I was driving 63 miles per hour and a woman was stroking me. I was finally able to muster up the courage to say, "Sure, I get it all the time, but I bet you do it better than anybody else."
She traced her lips with her tongue and bent over me. I could feel her wet lips slide over the head of my dick and her tongue wrap around it like a boa constrictor. The warmth of her saliva on my cock was heavenly, and I thought it couldn't get better. Then she started sucking. It was like a wet vacuum cleaner. I thought I was going to cum right then and there. I tried my best to think of something else; a chair, a lion, or a beach ball, but all I could focus on was this sexy, young girl's lips wrapped around my dick sliding up and down as she sucked harder and harder. I knew I was getting closer. I knew I would have to focus. With my left hand, I kept driving, slowing down ever so slightly. With my right hand, I gently pushed her head down and made sure my dick was into her throat. She moaned with delight and sucked even harder. At that moment, I felt an immediate jerk of an orgasm. I shot my load deep into her throat and saw stars. It was everything I could do to slow down the car and turn onto her road.
As she lifted her head off me, she used her lips to clean off the tip of my dick. When she sat up, she opened her mouth and showed me my cum. Then she swallowed it.
"My house is that one over there," Brooke said.
I pulled up to her house.
As she slid out, flashing those pink panties again, I asked, "Do you think we could go out sometime on a date?"
She answered, "Yes, I'd love that, but you have to ask for my father's permission first."