The Return of Kate Demon Hand
Thanks to my editor kenjisato. Also, to LanguageTool. Combined, they put me right. Any problems left all belong to me.
= = = = = = = = = =
I had fun with Isis's cult. We both enjoyed my entrance as Nigkala, Egyptian Priestess of Isis. My kalasiri was made of nearly transparent linen, my jewelry was real pearl, silver, and gold, and my wig was midnight black in cornrows that went to my waist. I had heavy kohl eyeliner, kyphi perfume, and I had prepared as I would when I served in the temple. I sensed they noticed the perfume first, but when they saw me enter, they were quite astonished.
Isis, as Celeste, distracted them prior to my entrance. She said, in English, "Isis has provided a teacher, and she will teach you about the goddess."
I spoke in Noble Egyptian, and used a technique Isis taught me to convey my meaning by lightly touching nearby minds. "Hello, ladies. I am a priestess of Isis, and I am here to teach you some of her ways."
In English, I added, "I wanted you to see the roots of her worship. This style of outfit was worn back in the day. Bare breasts were normal, as was the naked poor. Clothes marked wealth, not promiscuity. Also, the climate was hot, and clothing captured heat, so you wanted to keep cool. This outfit is well suited to a hot climate, and some of the cosmetics I am wearing, also are designed to help. It contains sunblock and insect-repellent. I wear a wig, as many shaved their head, especially the priestesses. This was done to deal with lice. A wig can be washed with harsh stuff you don't want on skin or around your eyes.
"While I can go on, at length, about the people then, I am here to teach you about who she is. She is a sister, wife, and mother. Events have transpired to cause her faith to resurrect itself. She is a goddess of kingship, a protector of the kingdom, of magic and wisdom, and of the sky. She also gave healing as part of being a mother, and is a protector of the dead. She even has power over fate."
At this point, Celeste handed me a wrap I had made to cover myself for the crowd. After I put it on, I asked, "Ask me of any aspect of her, and I will tell you about that. There is a lot to know." I then headed over to a nearby chair, so I wouldn't have to stand the whole time.
Celeste said, "Yes, ladies, Becky Sue here is her priestess. Some of you recognize her from the movies. She is also an actress. As such, she doesn't want her religious aspect known publicly, but is willing to share with you what she knows."
We had a back and forth for nearly half an hour, before Celeste called the discussion over. "Ladies, enough for now. Becky Sue has agreed to share with us for a number of meetings. Her schedule is not consistent, but when she can come, she will teach you more of Isis."
While there was some disappointment, they accepted it, and went on to other business. I mostly observed, and when the meeting finished, several came to me to ask about my outfit and my makeup. I told them to contact me through Celeste, as I didn't want my personal contact info to go public, nor did I want it known that I was a priestess. When asked why, I said, "I am not ashamed, but rather, that knowledge would cause havoc to my acting career."
I rode back with Isis, considering the questions raised at the meeting. I followed her into her home, and we talked about the meeting, and her plans for the next meeting. We talked about showing magic, and decided I should show some healing magic, should the opportunity arise.
Before leaving, I asked about detection spells. I was still trying to figure out why I felt I was being watched, but wanted to figure it out myself. She agreed to teach me some of those magics. She chose to teach me, by explaining the spell, showing it, and then having me try it. She would critique any mistakes I made, even though they were small. I appreciated it, as I wanted to get it exactly like she wanted before experimenting with it. It was the third spell that gave me the first new information I received. There was a spiritual aspect to the watching, and also that it was not from this world. That changed my assumptions on who or what was watching.
Over the next several meetings, I inquired about the more modern usage of the Celtic Ogham alphabet. I used my mental abilities to learn more than they said, so I could get their point of view. I also inquired about the magic they practiced, and in return I told them of the old ways, and what that magic did. I didn't describe how, yet, as the time was not ripe. That changed on the sixth meeting, where one of the ladies had a cut on her arm presumably from trimming the hedges.
In thought, to Isis, I said, "Isis, I see Mabel has a noticeable scratch on her arm. This could be a suitable time to show your healing magic. Shall I?"
"Yes, but after your lesson. Speaking of which, why not talk about healing. Then it could be the capstone of the lesson."
"I shall tell them of your healing, then show them."
When it came time for my lesson, I told them of the healing of Isis, and nearing the end of my half hour, I called Mabel forward.
"You want me?"
"Yes, Mabel. Today is your lucky day. I noticed your arm, and Isis has chosen to show her healing, so you and the others can believe."
"Oh, that. I got it when I tripped through the hedges yesterday. Um, it's nothing much really."
"I know it would heal quickly, anyway, but her magic can heal it now. Would you like it healed?"
She hesitated a moment, then said, "Yes, ma'am."
While I didn't have a flask of water, or bowl, or washcloth, when I arrived, I had used magic to create these within my purse once I knew I would be doing a healing. Pulling them out, I set them on a table, and asked her to stand with me.
"While the washing with water is not required, per se, it is good to set your spirit in a good place, since she is associated with the Nile. While I have some Nile water, I didn't bring any. I use this for general washing, normally, but with her blessing, it will mean more."
With that, I invoked a simple Egyptian blessing from Isis over the water, and then gently washed her wound. "Now for the healing." I then recited, in Egyptian, a prayer of healing, using the psychic ability to transmit meaning directly, while also invoking her power through the prayer. When that was done, I washed the wound again, and the scab came away, leaving unblemished skin behind.
"Oh my god."
"Goddess." I said, smiling.
"Yeah, that's what I meant."
"Show the others, while I explain how to use her healing power."
She proceeded to show the others, and I explained the process.
On the way home, Isis said, "Well done. A simple thing, that scratch, but it has strengthened their faith. And the idea with the water was inspired. When I blessed it, I gave it a little extra. She has a child with a cold, and intends to try this on him. She will succeed, as long as she gives it a good effort."
"Speaking of good efforts, I have started my study with the Celtic Ogham alphabet. It appears to have a weakening effect on its spell, but it also makes the other spell a little more effective. Kind of like a team player that expends their energy to make the team better at the expense of their own performance. This is also the viewpoint associated with its use here."
"So, will that be useful?"
"I think so. Once I complete my study of the sample spells, and Alec analyzes it, I want to try it out on spell sets. To see if it can help make the set work together better."
"Remember when we spoke about different kinds of magic?"
"Yes. We spoke of divine, psychic, and assorted arcane varieties."
"Well, I too have been looking into it, and I think you are right. It can be dependent on your viewpoint, and even us gods have our viewpoint. I have spoken with Inanna about it, and we are both following your experiments."
I had some thoughts about how the gods are supposed to know everything, but didn't say anything.
"I know what you're thinking. As goddesses of magic, why don't we know this already?"
I nodded.
"If I felt an urgent need, I could focus, and learn a lot about it, but when you are an immortal, you tend to take a lot of time to do things, when you can. While others have started similar research, they didn't have your access to computers for analysis, or people dedicated to accuracy like Alec. He has added his own perceptions of your experiments, and they have added a little to the accuracy of the analysis. Your own tenacity and perfectionist drive also plays a part, as you are providing Alec with far more data than others who have tried. All that makes for an ability to research we have never seen before. So I have decided to watch and aid you, rather than do it myself, as I get more pleasure from seeing your success, and I don't feel any need to do it myself."
"He he. Make others work for you."
She briefly grinned as she said, "That, too."
"Then enjoy the show."
"We do. But seriously, your work is important, and we both are truly interested in it."
We spoke some more about her cult, the plans she had for them, and my part in them. Then I returned home.
Part of my research was at the comic book, science fiction, and fantasy conventions. I would dress as a character themed to the convention, but I would also wear my Valkyrie outfit, with the sword in disguise. My name-tag proclaimed I was the Valkyrie Ricci Olafdottir. While I knew of LARP, I finally decided to partake, and see what kind of mischief I could get into in my Valkyrie outfit. Turned out, quite a bit. It seemed a lot of the players desired a roll in the hay with a Valkyrie, and after a fight, I was often asked into a tent, or behind the bushes. While the weapons couldn't do major harm, they could bruise, and I hit back just as hard as they did. As I allowed them to get through my guard, by using about the same fighting capability, they got a good workout, and my armor could show how it could cushion the blows, and repair damage.
Early in the spring, Bret came to see me.
"Becky Sue, I am troubled."
"How so?"
"I think I have encountered a ghost or something supernatural haunting Death Valley."
"The environment easily kills, and could create such, most likely."
"I've already encountered three such, but this is different. Those wanted to interact with me, because I could see them easily. One to attack, and the others to seek release. You have taught me some rituals that helped me achieve their release. No, this haunting is different. It avoids me, but others have reported it."
"Others reported ghosts?"
"No. They reported bad feelings, or unexpected chills. The latter in Death Valley is what got my attention, initially. I think this one is aware of the change of personnel, as it seems to ignore tourists, but does pay attention to those who visit regularly, like the tour guides, scientists, and the rangers."
"Why do you think this is a problem?"
"I can't name it, but I have a feeling it is watching, waiting for something or someone. My wards don't seem very effective against it."
"You've warded the place?"
"Yes. Some, to keep the curious away from my magic stuff and your 'shack', but more recently, to keep the station and outposts safe."
"Come with me." We went to my training area in the backyard. "Show me the wards you set."
He did, and I saw some strong wards.
"Do you know how the wards were bypassed?"
"They were weakened, as though something suppressed them for a bit."
"Have any been breached recently?"
"Yes, earlier today, or rather in the middle of the night."
"Then let us go and examine it. I have some detect spells you've never heard of, and I may learn something you didn't."
Stopping for a bite to eat first, we headed back to the valley. Bret and I got in his dune buggy, and we headed off to a ranger outpost where his ward was bypassed. Seeing no one was there, I used my detect spells.
"Whoa, some of those are complicated, I've never encountered one that complex."
I smiled, "I have a good teacher. And I have learned about your intruder. It is female in origin, and she is a soul, not a spirit. Yeah, I know they are almost one and the same, but not quite. The distinction could be important. This soul has magical ability, as you guessed, and is pushing your ward, not suppressing it. That is the cause of the weakening. Being stretched out of place is taking a toll."
"So what do I do?"
Just then I felt a presence nearby. "Wait. She is near." I held my finger to my lips, and he nodded. Clearing and focusing my mind, I prepared to deal with the soul.
She was canny, this soul. Her approach was slow and subtle. I sensed her casting her own detect spell, and my tattoo signaled unease. Not the threat of an enemy, but that of one untrusted and near. I prepared my own spells to capture and interrogate her.
I didn't want to spook her, so I let her approach. When I felt she was about to use a more potent spell on me, I fired off my spells. One was to capture her, another was to protect Bret and myself, and a third to analyze her further. My spells almost worked.
She also cast two spells. One to attack, which was of decent potency, and the other to flee. She clearly sensed my strength, and chose to test it, but also to be elsewhere before I could react. Well, my capture spell grabbed her, but wasn't up to the challenge of the escape spell she had also cast. But she was in range long enough, for me to get good results from my detect spell. My protection spell handled her attack of powerful acid, so I wasn't burned.
I prepared other spells, in case she returned. But she apparently left, as I no longer sensed her presence. "Bret, she was old, and once human. Somehow familiar, I am worried, for her purpose wasn't to attack, but to test. She is also bound to another, and both are evil."
"Could the attack, since it failed, be a test?"
"You might be right. You are also right to be worried about her. She is a danger, waiting to happen. I will get some weapons, and we shall hold vigil for her for a while."
"Go then. I will watch. I don't think she wants me."
I nodded, then ported to the gate, then went home. Using spells, I changed into the Valkyrie armor, and equipped myself with the sword and shield. Returning, I saw Bret casting another ward.
"Interesting ward. One not as easy to push aside."
"You were fast. Yeah, I felt this would be a good defensive spell to have in place."
"It is. Let us wait." I then provided sand chairs to sit in, and we waited.
And waited.
And waited.
It was midnight when I felt a portal open. "Bret, wake up. Something is happening." I also cast some defensive magic, and some concealing magic. I didn't want whoever was coming to know we were ready for them. I felt the soul's presence once more, but also a far-more-powerful presence. Greater than any but the gods I had encountered. "Bret, withdraw. You are far outclassed. I may also be, as the other presence is quite strong. I would have you survive and be a witness."
"Yes, master." He withdrew, adding his own concealment spells. I wondered at the 'master', but dismissed the stray thought, as there was no time.
I heard a deep voice, and in a language I didn't know, words that somehow translated to the following, "You reveal yourself at last. You took my servant from me, and now you shall replace her."
I felt savage glee from the soul, but realized it was limited in what it could do. But the power, it was evil, so I used a spell of exorcism.
"You will have to do better than that."
Casting a light spell, my enemy was almost revealed. There was a darkness where the soul was, but the other appeared to be corporeal. Footsteps trailed it, and I could see its body. My mind instantly shouted 'demon', and I needed some time to think, so I said, "Who are you, demon, that I should be concerned?"
"I am your doom." Then it shot a bolt of acid, but far greater in power and effect. My own protections were up to the task, but I cast another reinforcing spell to the protecting spell.
With acid bubbling on the ground, I summoned some alkali to neutralize it, and said, as drolly as I could, "This is supposed to impress me?" I was impressed, but determined not to show it.
It growled, and attacked again, this time with a black beam of some sort. My instinctive reaction was based on my experiments and research. I cast several spells that aided my blade, and I intercepted the beam and deflected it to the sand. Pointing my blade at it, I cast another set of spells, two of which were attack spells. I didn't expect them to be effective, and they weren't, but they were cover for other spells designed to reveal my opponent.
A demon.
A strong demon.
Far stronger than the ones I fought in the Duat. Those were minions, but this one had a name, I am certain. It was also my enemy, and intended on my destruction. It would allow me to live, but only as its possession like the soul hanging about nearby.
"I have fought other demons. Who and what are you?" I opened my thought senses to leakages, but I was wary of attack, so I was careful not to show it.
"I shall not give you my name. But I am a prince of demons. You have met Kate already. She eagerly awaits your destruction." Though it still spoke in its own tongue, I had realized by then it was using the same technique I did when sending meaning directly. But the name Kate was without translation. While I got almost nothing from it, it was the soul of Kate that leaked. She knew its name.
We both attacked, and continued to talk at each other, but I was working spells to subtly bind Kate's soul, and to read her mind and learn the name. But I needed to do this without alerting the demon.
One of the spells I cast was a general, magic concealment spell. It would make my magic more difficult to follow, and once it was in place, I increased the number of spells I cast at once. I also physically attacked with my sword. The demon responded in kind, both spell and blade. While it had no shield, its hide was quite tough. I barely scratched it. In return, my shield was taking a beating, and my armor took some as well.
I invoked Everest's hardness and endurance for the battle, to put me physically on a closer footing to the demon. I added Isis's telekinetic shielding to provide even more protection from being hit by spell or blade. One of the spells I cast was defensive in some way, so I was able to remain untouched. But I could feel the pounding, and knew that I might be showing bruises soon. The second, and perhaps third, spell, were for attack. I tried the elements, psychic, magic, and other forms. I was damaging it, but its body was healing almost as fast as I was damaging it. I could also tell it was getting impatient, and would soon bring out bigger guns. But the last spell I cast was to ensnare the dark soul. For that, I used my virtual arms, as she was located to the side.
With the close-quarters fighting, and all that magic being cast by us both, I hoped the last of those spells went unnoticed. Apparently it was, for I succeeded in binding Kate's soul in place, and sneaking into her thoughts. I found the name she knew - Trath'tikauth Megraxan Zalgrozal. I repeated it to myself so I would get it correct. Then I laid my trap.
Invoking Inanna's war power to aid my fight, I saw I needed to attack faster and harder to do significant damage. So, rather than cast more spells on Kate's soul, I cast my 'Tasmanian Devil' spell. I began to spin, faster and faster. The minor lightning of the spell was augmented by Death Valley, as it sent more sand and lightning into my spell. I absorbed some of that lightning to make my nerves faster, and spun even quicker. The demon was now feeling my cuts, as they went deeper. Still, I needed more.
I knew it was too powerful for me to exorcise, but an exorcism should weaken its defenses, especially as I had its name. I used that as my attack spell, and augmented it with another spell designed to slow it, but for that one, I used the Celtic Ogham alphabet so that it would aid the exorcism. Suddenly, my blade went deeper, and its regeneration was slowed.
"My name! How could you know? I shall not only destroy you, but I shall rip your mind apart into tiny fragments - you won't even know up from down."
When I answered, my voice sounded like an ancient recording, with scratches and crackles in it. I realized the electricity in the air was augmenting my voice, as though it was also speaking. "You are not my doom, but rather I am yours." Then, I triggered the dimensional enchantment on my blade.
The cuts went deeper, and almost immediately, it made a mistake I could exploit for a headshot. I couldn't help a small snicker, as I swung through its neck, and sent its head flying.
I thought it would die then, but it didn't. Somehow, the head was still controlling the body, but with difficulty. So I hit it with another exorcism. That almost did the trick. The demon still lived, but the body fell still. I scanned it with Inanna's power to find its heart, and plunged my blade deep through its heart. As I did that, I used Everest's power to create a large, flawless diamond. Then I began a talisman ritual, to steal its power. However, I used separate spells to push the evil into the diamond and bind it there. Lastly, I tried with pure will to strengthen the good nature of the blade and make it cleanse any evil that remained. At some point, I stopped spinning, but the whirlwind continued, and the lightning within it got even more intense.
While I felt its remaining evil diminishing, I remained as I was - focused, and willful. Finally, I felt something snap, and there was no more evil outside the diamond, save for the bound soul. I backed off my efforts, and the whirlwind died down. I saw what remained of the demon's physical form was a shriveled and desiccated husk, even the head. Looking at the diamond on the sand, it was a softly glowing transparent-white surrounding a center so black, I could not register it.
Suddenly, from behind me, I heard, "Flawless victory."
I spun, and saw Inanna and Isis, both bowing slightly to me. Seeing them, I realized it was Inanna who spoke. I bowed deeply to them, and said, "Hello, Queen Inanna, Queen Isis. Is all well?"
Isis responded, "Yes. He who watched, was watching the valley, not knowing of the connection to you. You defeated him unaided. And it was the detection spells I taught you that allowed you to learn the nature of your enemy before you faced him."
Inanna added, "Your victory was indeed flawless, your enemy is powerless, and you have made a new talisman."
"I succeeded?"
"Yes. Look at your sword. It is now a sacred sword. Within, it now holds the demon's power, cleansed of its evil. When you wish, its sacred aspect can surround you for a distance, to aid in fighting evil. With it, you have additional magic at your call. But there remains its evil, over in that diamond. Bring it to me."
I picked it up, and delivered it to her.
She concentrated, and the glow of the diamond increased, and pushed inward. The black void in the center shrank, and soon disappeared. She returned it, saying, "Study the knowledge in here to learn the demon's power. But be careful, meditate to fully understand the consequences of using the powers, for the demon viewpoint is that of a callous user, not a benign saint."
"Thank you, my queen." I bowed again.
By the time I rose from my bow, they were gone. Not even footprints marked their presence.
There was silence for almost a minute, as I contemplated the new talisman and knowledge stone. Then I heard some noise behind me, yet again.
This time, it was Bret. "Is it over? Who were those women? They were beautiful. What did they say?"
"Slow down. It is mostly over, but not quite. Those were two of my goddesses, Queen Inanna was the sensual one, and Queen Isis was the, well, not exactly, virginal one."
Bret's eyes got big. "Oh my god. No, goddesses."
"Not yours, unless you want to worship them, but ones I follow. I have served as a priestess to both in their temples. But there is still the matter of Kate Demon Hand over there." I pointed, and his eyes got big again.
"That's her? I thought you said you killed her."
"No, I defeated her. And the demon came to collect her soul. Now it is here. Her body is long gone, but souls are a bit longer lasting. We need to do something, as we cannot leave her free to wreak havoc. I shall help you make a talisman with her power. It will drain her to powerlessness, and then I shall deal with the remnant afterwards. I have already taught you the steps; now, show me what you have learned."
Although I was feeling kind of wiped out by the fight, I found both the sword and the desert were restoring me. I checked each step of Bret's work, and I invoked the sacred aura of my blade as I stood next to him. I told him it was to keep the evil from entering his talisman, but it would make it harder for him to pull in her power. He worked quite hard with his mind to accomplish it, but with my subtle aid, and assistance, he was able to do it. He now had his first talisman, with much of the power of a great mage, and perhaps half of her knowledge.
I cautioned him about the latter, saying, "You gained part of her knowledge. Being incomplete, it may be missing crucial things, so don't trust it. Rather, use it as inspiration for your research. Knowing part of a spell can help learning other parts."
"Again, thank you, master."
"Why the 'master', suddenly?"
He paused to gather his thoughts. "In much, you treat me as an equal, even when teaching me as a student. But today, it was clear, I was far less than you, and you were helping me. So I call you 'master', for that is what you are. I do it as much to remind myself of how much there is to learn, as to let you know how I feel about you."
"A good answer. One with deep thought and reason behind it. I am your master, but my temperament is not one of rule. That is why I treat you as an equal. Yet, you are right. There are times I am far more than you. I do not seek to belittle you, rather, I just have more experience and skill."
"Also power."
"True, but much of that power is loaned by the gods, and not truly mine."
"Also true. What of the rest of her?"
I thought for a bit, then said, "She is dead. Let her be sent to the realm of the dead." I then cast the spell on her soul, and sent what was left of it to the Duat, and if she survived long enough, Osiris would judge her. I doubt she would be around, even as a soul, for much longer. Then I dispelled and removed all evidence of the battle.
"Now, it is over. This haunting is no more, and a greater and lesser evil have been defeated. We each have a talisman to explore, as well."
"You have a talisman to explore?"
"Yes. My sword has become a talisman. I took the power of the demon and bound it to the sword, but kept the evil out. That evil was imprisoned in this diamond. Queen Inanna purified it, and what remains is pure knowledge. But far more dangerous than what you have."
"I don't know if I would even want to risk seeing that knowledge."
"I'm not too keen on looking myself, but I know I will, someday. Well, tonight's task is done."
"What a night. I'm bushed, but also hungry. Not much is open now, and it'll take a while to get there."
"True, but there are other ways to achieve things. What do you want to eat?"
"A big juicy steak, with mashed potatoes, and a cold beer."
I summoned a glass table and chairs, then added plates and silverware. Lastly, I created the meal he desired. For the beer, I just summoned some from the Portable Industry's fridge. I even made and lit some candles to eat by. We both sat and enjoyed our meal. Setting the empty beer cans to the side for recycling, I placed the trash with the demon husk. Dismissing the rest, I summoned lava to burn the demon husk and trash. It was nearly three in the morning, when we parted.
I didn't get to bed until after four, but slept soundly well into the morning.
For the next week, I studied the sword, but was interrupted by getting a part as a voice actor. While that consumed a lot of time, I did manage to do some studying. I wanted to understand how it was changed, and what it had gained. In my study, the sword seemed subtly incomplete. I took some time to meditate, and finally discovered what was off. It had no name, and it needed one. With further meditation, I decided on a name. I chose to bestow it with a ritual. I brought it back to the desert, and invited Bret to share in the ritual.
I named it, "Midnight, the demon bane," to signify when and what I killed. I was surprised when the blade suddenly glowed, and runes appeared in the fuller that spelled the name out.
In my head, I heard, "Special blades need a name, and yours is special, indeed. Few weapons become talismans, but you have already used another."
Silently, I responded to Inanna, "I have?"
"Yes. Mjolnir is a major talisman of Odin. Monkey's staff is another you have encountered."
"How would you rate Midnight as a talisman?"
"One of the more powerful lesser talismans. About as powerful as the dragon tattoo, yet in some ways more useful. Now hold it aimed high a bit, and I shall bless it, as well."
I did as she asked, and I felt some of her power flow through me and into it. That felt odd, but afterwards, I could feel a faint awareness of the weapon, even when far away.
A few days later, Isis came over and asked me to stay with them for a week. I asked why, and she said it was a family matter, and would explain after I came. I told Filipe, and he said to go ahead.
I arrived in the morning, and Isis said that she would like me to spend the day with her. Not simply to be by her side, but to look through her eyes as she once looked through mine. I agreed, and we went to her backyard shrine, where she had me lay down on her altar. She then placed her hand on my forehead, and suddenly, I was looking through her eyes at my body. I could feel her thoughts of love for me, as she looked at me. I could even feel some of her lust for my body.
What surprised me, was when she turned and returned to the house. I felt her body move, and perhaps most unusual to me, I felt her breasts bounce. Her single pair were so different than my two pairs. I reached up to hold them. When the arms did as I desired, I was immediately sorry. I heard her thoughts say that she wanted to share with me, and even to indulge my desires a bit. There was no need to be sorry, as she felt that same oddness when she was in my body.
While her day might seem like an ordinary day for a housewife, with shopping, getting her hair and nails done, and so on - it was far from that, for her mind was quite active. I soon realized she must have on-the-order-of-a-thousand worshipers, as whenever any of them said a prayer to her, I heard it. I also felt her answer, be it a simple word, or a lesson in magic or religion. I felt power flow into her with the prayers, and out with her answers.
When Osiris returned, they had dinner, and Isis told him about her day, and about sharing it with me. Then, to my surprise, they went to bed. They both removed their clothes, and I felt her lust and need for Osiris. Then they had sex. It was slow, yet very passionate. I let her know I was still there, and she said to enjoy their love.
I felt it when Osiris pierced Isis, and began thrusting in a slow, deep rhythm, and I felt her body respond. In only a few minutes, she came, and when that happened, I felt it every bit as much, but with the added potency of divinity. Had I still been in my body, I think my eyes might have rolled back at the intensity. As it was, my thoughts were rather scrambled for a bit. When I could think straight, I felt him thrusting into her still. This time, both came, and again my thoughts went haywire. It seemed, as though, it didn't take quite as long for my thoughts to recover, but I wasn't sure. However, as divine beings, they both had staying power. She must have orgasmed fifty times over the course of the next four hours, and he came about half as often. At that point, they drifted off to sleep. I could still feel Osiris inside Isis, but it was slowly deflating. Soon, it popped out.
I did not feel sleepy, yet I could sense her thoughts even then. Prayers still came in, and she dealt with them, and I realized that even though she slept, that part of her was still awake. Then came her dreams. I was an observer, but I could see it all as she saw it. While there was much about today, perhaps more was from her past memories. In them, I met the other gods of Egypt, and recognized Inanna as Astarte hanging out with Seth. I learned her passions, likes, and dislikes within these dreams. I saw the pyramids built, and I saw their relationship with the people, acting through the Pharaoh. I also felt the loss of the old Egypt, and the joys of the newfound family here.
Morning came as a surprise, as the dreams were slow to leave. When Isis took her bath, and pleasured herself, I felt the ecstasy she felt, and the luxury she enjoyed with running hot water. As she dressed, I felt her take pleasure in the silky-smooth fabric of her underwear caressing her intimate parts. The outer layers were more businesslike. I knew there would be a meeting of her cult today, and I was curious. I felt her thoughts searching the city, looking for potential candidates, and as she traveled to numerous grocery stores, laundry shops, salons, and other places, I felt her sending out her influence to get women to consider checking her cult out.
Finally, it neared the time for the meeting. She went to the cult hall, which doubled as a local teaching facility, and she surprised me by setting up the web streaming of the meeting. She checked that all four cameras were working, and that the stream was live, a few minutes before the first women arrived. They greeted each other, and chatted about little things as others arrived. Finally, she called the meeting to order.
Throughout the meeting, I felt power flow to and from her. Not just to those in the room, but also to those watching remotely. I could tell she was spending more energy on the watchers, as they were less committed. When the meeting was over, the people left, and she opened up the stream for questions. She spent nearly an hour there, answering questions. I felt her joy when she sensed a new convert. She must have made over two dozen today. Finally, she shut it all down, and left. She headed home, and again, had dinner, then headed for bed.
Tonight started the same, but after a while, Osiris sensed her desire for more violent sex, and began to give her what she desired. She, too, was in tune with him, as I felt her change her own actions for him. They both came about as often as last night, before slipping off to sleep. This night's dreams were centered more on her worshipers and her priestesses. I met some of her favorites in those dreams. I also learned a lot of what she taught them. While I already knew most of it, but there were some things I didn't know. And because I was in the dream, looking at it from her side, I learned a lot more than she taught because I experienced glimpses of her thoughts about what she taught.
In the morning, she again bathed, pleasured herself, and enjoyed getting dressed. After breakfast, she headed to her shrine, and placed her hand upon my forehead, and suddenly I was back in my body.
"Wow."
"I wanted you to see the world as I saw it."
"I knew gods were busy, but I never thought about how you lived each day."
"Oh, we're not busy. I only have about two thousand worshiping me. Back in the day, it was closer to four million. Osiris has about a thousand, but we are both gaining every day."
"I saw your dreams. I didn't mean to intrude, but I got curious."
"Good."
"Good?"
"Yes. I wanted to show you my own past, and so I chose to dream."
"I felt no decision or intention about your dreams."
"The decision was made before I invited you. Likewise the decision to make love to Osiris with you watching."
"Thank you. I will treasure the memory, even if it was a bit overwhelming."
"I thought you might, given your wanton ways. He he."
She invited me to bathe, then join her about town. Though we spoke little with each other, we spoke a lot to others all over town. Most were women, but some were younger teenage girls. She told them about her values, and how they were the same as those espoused by her cult. She handed out cards with the cult's contact info and website info to all who showed interest.
"How is it that you are now streaming your meetings and services?"
"Blame our kids. They convinced me to try it, and when I saw the results, I really dug into it. I clued in Osiris, and he also has started. However, he went for the late-night infomercial with web support, rather than my meeting-centered streaming."
Eventually we returned to her house, where the three of us had dinner. I tried to excuse myself when they went to bed, but they insisted I join them. It was similar to their first night, but often with Osiris in me, and Isis enjoying my body. Other times he was in her, and I was aiding their intercourse. When they fell asleep, I, too, was quite drowsy, and felt myself drawn into their dreams. Sometimes hers, sometimes his. In his dreams, I experienced his time as ruler of the underworld, as well as his own memories of family.
When I awoke, I saw them just rousing. They got up, and Isis invited me to her bath. We washed each other, and when she reached for my sex to pleasure me, I reached for hers. She mentioned plans for visiting several gyms today, so I dressed in a miniskirt and loose double-crop-top, but she put on lacy underwear before she put on her gym outfit. I summoned my gym bag, and she got hers, and we headed out. She told me to have fun with the guys, and that while they were busy, she'd talk with the gals.
As soon as I walked in, the guys all noticed me. Not just from my seven-foot-three height, but from the fact that my crop-top was cut to show the bottom half of my breasts. Some guys were short enough, that they needed to look up to see my breasts. The edge barely covered the areola, and as soon as I got on the treadmill, and my breasts started bouncing, the nipples started to flash. When I went and lifted weights, every time my arms went up, so did the top, and they showed my nipples and the full areola. On the leg machine, it was quickly apparent I didn't wear panties, as they could see everything.
When Isis went to the shower, so did I, but I went into the men's locker room and let the guys have their fun. Back in her car, I was surprised she didn't say anything about the sex. Instead, she told me what she was doing, and how she felt she had succeeded. Then we went to another gym, and we repeated our divide-and-conquer strategy.
Going into the last gym for the day, Isis said, "Change of plans. You go ahead and have fun. Have sex out in the open, and get them really going. I want to watch." This gym was attached to a mall.
So I did. After fifteen minutes, as the sweat was starting to show, I saw the guy next to me take his partially sweaty shirt off, so I said, "I sure wish I could take my top off."
As I expected, he replied, "What's stopping you?"
So I looked around, with a guilty face, then stripped off my top, revealing my breasts. "Oh, that feels better."
"Yeah, looks better, too."
I blushed, as though I was embarrassed. But in truth, I was playing him, and getting him and others worked up.
A few minutes later, he said, "Boy, they sure look real."
"They are real."
"No way."
"Yes, way."
"Really?"
"Yes, feel for yourself." I then grabbed his hands and placed one on an upper breast, and the other on a lower breast. "See?"
He proceeded to feel me up, and said he was checking for evidence for surgery. While he did that, I allowed my pussy to get so wet, it would drip down my leg. Someone else noticed.
"Hey, look at her. She's so wet, it's coming down her leg."
The first guy said, "Is that true?"
"Yes. See?" I pulled my skirt up to show him. He took a hand off my breast and put it down below, and began to finger me.
"Oh wow, you are so wet."
"Yes, I am. Take me now."
He looked about, then said, "Let's head to the locker room."
"No, I need you in me now." I then fumbled at his sweatpants. He got the urgency, and pulled them down, exposing his erection, after which he thrust into me.
It didn't take long for the gangbang to happen. But I controlled it, to give Isis a view. I also sent my feelings to her in thought, so she could experience it as I did. It neared the time for us to go, so I stopped the gangbang, leaving my clothes on the floor with the guys, and headed into the ladies' locker room. It took little effort to start a second gangbang in the shower. I noted Isis chuckling, as she watched me.
Isis was surprised I didn't put on any clothes after the shower, as we had to walk through the mall and a fair bit of parking lot to get to the car. I just told her to enjoy the show. My first stop at the mall was a vendor of fruit, where I got a banana. I peeled it, and licked and sucked it like a dick. Anyone who looked at me saw I was clearly wet, and aroused, as my two-inch nipples made readily apparent. That I was giving oral to a banana, just put it over the top. Several guys watching creamed their pants. Isis had a hard time hiding her enjoyment of my naughtiness. Once finally in the car and moving, I finished the banana.
"People really let you get away with public nudity? And in such a suggestive fashion?"
"When I pull in a little of Inanna's power, they do. Just a little more power, and I could have sex out in the open in front of everyone, just like the gym."
"Don't you get tired of it?"
"Not often. I enjoy sex. I enjoy being watched while having sex. Is it any wonder Inanna and I get along so well?"
"I guess not. Especially as you are also a fierce warrior."
I ate dinner in the nude that night, and Isis told Osiris about our adventures today. In bed, not only did he go a lot rougher, like he did the second night with Isis, but I also deepthroated him, and used my tongue to squeeze his dick and balls as I did it. Later as I lay down and he mounted me, I ate Isis out, and penetrated her with my tongue. That night, they wound up sleeping on both sides of me, and fondled me in their sleep. I sensed their dreams again, but stronger. I even experienced sex from Osiris's viewpoint several times. In fact, one of those times he actually was having sex with me also, and I felt his dream-self and his body at the same time, as I felt my body react.
After bath sex with Isis in the morning, we went to another part of town, where Isis worked on recruiting others. That's when I learned she had a second cult location.
After dinner, I knew we would have hours of sex, but not how it would work out. Nor was I surprised at experiencing their dreams. I decided to use some of Aja's teaching about dreams, to experience them more fully. Aja had also taught me a lot about plant and animal life, but Osiris's dreams taught me a lot about being a farmer. How to run a farm, and plan the crops and livestock. Due to Aja's knowledge, I was able to tap into more of their thoughts as they dreamed, and I studied it all. Two days later, Isis showed me her third cult location. When I asked, she indicated they split off from the first, as it was getting rather crowded.
On the last morning, after morning sex, both Osiris and Isis thanked me.
Osiris said, "Our children are your children. We are a family, and now I have another sister." He then passionately kissed me with tongue, while fondling my breast. I kissed him right back, and placed my hand on his groin to play a little.
Isis added, "Yes. We are a family, sister, and less alone." She then pulled my head down so she could also kiss me deeply with tongue. However, she also reached under my miniskirt to finger me. I returned the favor and fingered her, even as I kissed her back.
She then surprised me by saying, "Becky Sue. Many say I invented marriage. I did not. But I believe in it. Though my brother and I never had a ceremony, we are truly married. One of the reasons for this week was to see how well you fit with us. We have decided that you fit well, and so we now proclaim that you are part of our marriage. If you want sex with either of us, just ask. Likewise, if Filipe wants me, he can have me. Not because he is married to me, but because he is married to you. Accepting you means all that comes with you. We also invite your other children to get to know us as people."
Over the next several days, I told Filipe all about the sex, especially at the gym and later about the banana. He enjoyed it a lot. Telling him about being included in their marriage was also interesting. However, in other matters, I didn't know how long I could hold out from studying the diamond to learn about demonic magic. But I knew I would look.
But that is another story...
= = = = = = = = = =
I love getting your votes.
I would also like to hear from you.
Leave a comment!