Growing up I never thought I'd end up being the way I am today. But when I think back today I begin to see the little inkling of what would become the naked girl writing today!
I came from a family of athlete. Dad played basketball and baseball in college and my mom ran track. And as often occurs they got together and decided to make some super athlete children. They ended up with four children with me being the last to arrive. They stopped with me be cause they finally got the girl my mom dreamed of. You read that right there four older brother! Dylan (25) the oldest is a pitcher for the Nashville Sound a minor league team. Cole (22) got full ride to play basketball for the University of Illinois. And my youngest brother Levi (20) is a redshirt freshman at Iowa where he plays Linebacker.
Now that leaves me Lily. My full name is Lillian, but I almost never use it so Lily is fine. I just graduated high school. And I have a full ride scholarship to play volleyball for the Western Kentucky University. I'll I'm taller then most girls in my school at 6'1 but ideal for my sport. Constant sports have kept me in great shape and I inherited 38d breasts from my mom! Red hair and green eyes round out my general appearance.
We lived in a two story house, in a largish neighborhood, but our house was at the end of the line in a cul-de-sac that butted up against a nature preserve with all kinds of walking trails and little streams to splash in. We had a nice in-ground pool that was its own little piece of paradise we're nobody none of the houses on either side of us looked down into it. I always wondered my my dad had it built so far back on the property, but I would be taking great advantage of it.
Growing up and playing volleyball I got used to people looking at my body while I was out there. During the school year while I played team, those short shorts they give you made me highly aware of people looking at my ass. And during the summer where I played beach volleyball, we'll let's just say that those bikinis don't leave much to the imagination. So by my 18th birthday, I was comfortable in my own body and used to people looking at me as well.
This comfort lead to a general lacks opinion when it came to my clothing and modesty. Short shorts and crop tops are my go to in the summer, and when I rent for runs with my mom compressions shorts and a sports bra we're normally good enough for me. I didn't mind when men would look or stare at me, in fact I came to enjoy it some, but I never thought I would take it as far as I have today.
It all started on spring break of my senior year. I had turned 18 only a month before, and since my family wasn't one to take spring break vacations, I was bored at home with none of my friends around to hang out with. By the time my parents got home late Monday night I was clawing the walls. Tuesday morning came and I awoke after my parents had already left for work. I hurried downstairs and saw a note on the fridge for me from my mom. It was probably anchored list, but I wasn't ready to start that so I just ignored it for now.
My mind went to finding a way to stay busy today, and while I ate a bowl of cereal, (breakfast of champions) I remembered something my mom always told me, if you don't know what to do, just start running. Running was where my mother found her peace, and I hoped that a little bit of that would rub off on me today. So I ran up stairs grabbed a fresh pair of running shorts, a sports bra, and put on my running shoes and out the the front door I went. It was a hot day and the sweat started flowing before I even made it to the end of our block. I turned left and made a loop around the outer road of the subdivision. By the time I made it home my watch told me I'd ran 3 miles and I was caked in sweat.
I ran into the house and to the kitchen to grab some water, and again ignored the clearly obvious important note on the fridge. And upstairs I went to get a well deserved shower. I stepped out of my clothes and jumped right in before the shower had even warmed all the way up. I liked the way the water would warm me after jumping into the shower while it was still cold. The goose bumps it causes. The way my nipples stood straight up. Just wonderful. By the time I was finished twenty minutes had elapsed and I was ready to really start my day. I went to the linen cabinet, and it was empty. Weird because just yesterday it had been at-least half full. I looked around and didn't see any towels hanging up and started thinking. The most likely place for the towels to be would be the laundry room all the way on the other side of the house. I went to the dirty clothes hamper and grabbed out the only thing in there, my dirty running clothes. As I look at them and dreaded trying to squeeze back into them, I had a thought.
No body was home, why couldn't I just run across the house in my nudity. I'd have to contend with the large bay window that look out into the street, but what really were the chances of somebody walking by at that moment. So I decided to go for it. Cautiously I stepped out the bathroom and headed for the stairs. I had never been naked outside of my room or bathroom and the feeling was electrifying. My hands went to my thighs and I started rubbing them. Yes I was naked there was no doubt about it. I made my way down the stairs and into the living room where me and my brother had grown up watching movies and playing games. I looked out the window and instead of running past, I just kept my leisurely pace. Not even looking to see if anyone was there. Into the kitchen and out into the laundry room.
I opened the dryer and was and behold there were my towels. I grabbed two and went to put them on to walk back, but something stopped me. What reason did I have to cover up now. I had already walked butt ass naked all the way here, why stop now. So I folded the towels under my arm and walked back through the kitchen. Past the window in the living room. This time looking out. And what did I see. A delivery truck pulling into our driveway. That was enough to break me from my spell and send me clambering up the stair to the safety of my room.
My mind was reeling, what had I done. Surly I'd be on my way to jail, or a scare delivery man would be kicking in my door to have his way with me. But as I waited silently, nothing happened. I look out my bedroom window to see if he had seen me, but nothing was amiss, the cops weren't pulling up, I was safe. Only now did I realize just how wet I was down there. I touched myself and my whole body tingled. I leaned back against the wall and started making little circles on my clit. More quickly then I ever had I was panting and moaning, and soon enough I was laid out on the floor recovering from one of the most intense orgasms I had in my whole life.
I threw on some shorts and a T-shirt and went downstairs on wobbly lags to get another water. Figuring I'd should at least look at my chores list I was surprised to see only one thing on there. "Made a big spill last night and had to use the rest of your towels to clean it, they are in the dryer, make sure you get them before you take a shower."