It was nearly midnight. Who the hell opens up for late-night shopping in November? I ambled aimlessly along, looking in windows. My heels clacked in time with the mall music, counterpoint to a dreamscape. I wasn't here to buy anything. I was just bored, wandering, watching the other people drifting through. Immersed in their own little worlds. I like watching them. It appeals to my dreamy side. I met eyes with a girl in white jeans, walking past with her boyfriend. I checked out the guy coming out of the flower shop. Did they notice me noticing them? Or did they pass by unaware of my glances? I like to give them stories in my head. Sexy stories to amuse myself. Naughty things for these strangers to do. That girl? She'll be down on all-fours for him later. In far too much of a hurry to pull those tight jeans much past her knees. The guy with the flowers? He's earned himself a deeply appreciative blow-job from his pretty wife. Sloppy. Moaning. Spit dribbling down his shaft onto her tits.
While tracking a guy in a long coat my eye caught a new target. Myself, reflected in the department store window. Fashionable bag on my shoulder, wearing a white blouse and office skirt. Make-up correct and every hair in place. I looked pretty good. The blouse was a fitted one, the skirt just the right length. Nothing inappropriate, no buttons undone or thigh showing. Just clothes that fitted the trim body underneath. Drawn by the image I floated through the store entrance, passed the security detectors and into the warm interior. Music played. Fast paced, big-based pop. Not chart, and not really family-appropriate if you listened to the lyrics. Incongruous music, more for the club dance-floor than this deserted women's clothing section.
Not really sure what I was looking for, I browsed the racks. Thinking maybe I should get another pair of pants for the office. While idly weighing up a pair of culottes my eye fell on a black top that hung on a rail near a big mirror. It was see-through Lycra with an embroidered ivy pattern that would provide only the barest amount of modesty. It had long sleeves, a round neck that mockingly suggested some feminine propriety, and it was delightful. On a whim I took it to the mirror and held it up to my body. It would be tight and sexy on me. Perfect for clubbing. I could wear a nice black bra underneath it... Or maybe not... I moved with the music. Imagining myself showing-out in that top 'sans bra'. The hottest thing in the club.
That's when I noticed him in the mirror.
A cute guy, staring at me over the top of a clothes rack. He was searching through ladies jackets but my swaying ass had caught his notice. I quickly averted my eyes as a little bolt of excitement shot through me. He hadn't noticed that I'd caught him checking me out. I furtively flicked my gaze back to the mirror. Yup, he was making a big deal of moving those jackets but his eyes were tilted up. I shifted so I could pretend to look at myself in the mirror but instead see him more clearly. Having a little fun, I adjusted the top against myself, supposedly interested in how it would stretch over my bust. His eyes were locked on me, and to have him watch me like that gave me a strange thrill. A watcher, just like me. I gazed at him past the edge of my shoulder, pondering.
Did he make up little stories, like I did?
The moment stretched out, slowed down, and I got careless. Our eyes almost met. With a fright I jerked back from the mirror. My heart was racing a little. I didn't think simply being "looked-at" could actually get me excited. I turned around and he studiously avoided my gaze. Just an ordinary guy, doing ordinary things. Now that I was facing him another bauble caught my eye and I smirked. Sexy panties. They were hanging on the opposite side of the unit he was pretending to investigate. He couldn't see them and he concentrated intently on the jackets when I walked up to take a pair. They were nothing more than a belt of lace, with a scandalously narrow gusset and barely a ribbon to pull up the backside. A disgraceful lack of material for something with that price tag.
My stomach tingled a little as I scooted back to the mirror. Checking for him under lidded eyes I matched the panties to the top. Holding the top against my torso and positioning the panties at my crotch. While swaying my ass to see how I liked them, I pouted and waited... and waited a little more. Those eyes flicked up. Then they side-checked if anybody was looking. Then they checked if "I" was looking. Carefully I held my own stare in the mirror, the thrill rising in me. Then he stared... and stared... drinking me in. I stared back, watching him watch me. My mind formulating his story. I've caught you. I know what you are thinking, you naughty boy! You're thinking about me. Thinking of me showing up to your bedroom dressed in this gear. Ready to fuck you. And do you want to know a little secret?
I'm... kind of... thinking the same thing.
The music was thumping and my heart beat time with it. I glanced to get a better look at his face... and our eyes met in the mirror. His crystal blue and my cloudy green. We both froze and I counted four thuds of my heart beating. He started blushing and I found, to my horror, I was too. The spell was broken and panic set in. I dropped the clothes down, not knowing what to do. Flustered I looked around, stupidly thinking an onlooker would read our minds and shame us. We were simply looking at each other but now we were acting as if someone had caught us kissing in the school supplies closet. I faced him, matching his shocked expression, and he ran for it.
Simply ran straight through the door.
Now I was alone in the store since "cute guy" had done a runner and I laughed out loud from the sudden release of tension. My cheeks felt hot and my mind was whirling, discombobulated. I hardly could remember what I was even doing there. My heart was beating strong and I was breathing fast. I felt... tingly. Watching strangers was a little game I liked to play. True, I indulged in some dirty thoughts about them but, always in a silly way. Never before had the watching game affected me on such a level, but never before had I been the "watchee". I tried to figure out what had made me act-up like that. After a moment of staring dumbly at the clothes in my hands I supposed I had better try them on. I looked around for the dressing rooms, or at least for somebody to point them out, but there was nobody around. I wandered around, realising I was pretty horny now.
The changing rooms were tucked away in a corner, almost impossible to find. Not even a sign for them. Why do stores do that? There was a rack of discarded clothes waiting to be put back and eight booths with short grey curtains. Four facing four, all open, each with a big mirror in the back. There really was nobody around. I went to the end of the corridor and took the one on the right, dropped my bag, and hung my selections on the pegs. I smirked at the see-through top and tiny panties. They really didn't go with those boring office-pants. What was I thinking?
I drew the curtain closed and discovered another unwelcome feature so common in clothes stores. Changing room curtains that don't properly cover the gap. The thick grey fabric was springy and ironed into stiff cleats that no amount of fidgeting could make fit the entire width of the booth. If I pulled it across, a two-inch gap on the left would allow somebody in the corridor to peek in. Worse again there was line of sight into the shop itself. If I covered that gap, there would be an even bigger four-inch gap on the right. Virtually guaranteeing a showing from that angle. I clucked in annoyance. Why do stores do that? Probably trying to make people hurry up and get out. Opting to cover the left gap and shield myself from the corridor I kicked off my pumps and dropped my skirt in order to try on the trousers.
They fit fine, not too long and they gave my ass a nice shape. I checked all the angles in the mirror and took them off again. Putting them back on their hanger. Then I paused and considered what to do about the see-through top and tiny panties. I hadn't really intended to buy anything like that when I came out. Should I just put them back? I thought about it. Probably yes, but I had used them to flirt so mercilessly with that guy it felt like they were calling out to me. I'd invested so much imagination in what they "might" look like on me why not find out for real? Stores don't let people try on underwear but, I figured if I bought them anyway, what was the harm. Looking in the mirror I weighed up my options. My skirt was off, but to do it properly, I'd have to get naked. Lose the shirt, my bra, and my boring white panties just so I could transform myself into that imaginary sex-bomb for a few moments.
While considering my reflection my mind started to wander naughtily. Maybe the gap in that shitty curtain would give a passer-by a flash of my bare ass while I got changed. Maybe they'd stop to peek in and silently watch me modelling with a thong jammed up my butt and nipples poking out of a see-through top. And they would poke out. They were hard as buttons already, making clearly visible bumps on my white cotton shirt. I examined them in the mirror and pouted. I looked horny. God I felt horny and, if I was going to do this, then I'd better do it right. I pulled the bobbin out of my dark hair and let it fall loose. After shaking my hair out I started opening buttons, but I only got about two undone when a sharp swishing sound made me stiffen with fright.
The curtain!
I jerked around in panic and saw my curtain still in place. Closed on the left and leaving its big gap on the right. What made that sound? Somebody had gone into the booth across from mine. Shuffling around. Shedding clothes. Seemed to be in a real hurry too. My heart was hammering again. So many jump-scares were taking a toll on my delicate state. I felt my pulse throb in my neck and suddenly I thought maybe getting naked wasn't such a good idea after all. I looked around to find my skirt but continuing strange sounds from the booth across gave me pause. This girl was acting weirdly. I could hear her breathing in the gaps of the music. Low, fast, and heavy, with an occasional soft smacking sound.
What the hell was she up to? It was all really weird.
Curiosity awakened, I crouched down slowly. Bending down so I could look under the bottom of my curtain and take a peek at the booth across. What I saw made my hand shoot to my mouth in surprise. There were four legs with four bare feet in that booth. One set, smooth and dainty, with thin calves straining to tippy-toes. The other set, hairy and muscular, much bigger than the dainty set. Those strange sounds were starting to make a whole lot of sense now. The wet smack of kissing and the soft murmurs of two voices. One deep and demanding, the other high and needy. Did they know there was someone in the other booth? They didn't even check? My eyes went as wide as saucers when the slim legs were abruptly and forcefully spun around. Then, with a gasp, a set of panties were ripped down to those dainty knees, and just left there. White lacy things. All bunched up. I watched as she wriggled them down to her ankles and kicked them away.
I bolted back up and leaned against the mirror of my booth, hand still over my mouth. I couldn't see anything now but the low female moan I heard could only mean one thing. I was stunned. There was a couple in the booth across from me... and they were fucking. I pressed my back to the mirror until the cold seeped through my shirt. A minute went past and I could hear their breathing, hard and urgent. They weren't even trying to be quiet, they probably thought the music would cover them. His grunts were masculine, deep, and dominating. She moaned in time with the beat and I could hear, in the timbre of her voice, that it was getting intense for her.
My booth felt like it was shrinking around me. What should I do? They had better not catch me here. Maybe I could get dressed and slip past them? It was scary but, at the same time, strangely exciting. They didn't know I was here. The gap to the right of my curtain loomed in my vision. I felt a desperate urge peek out. I breathed slowly through my nostrils, daring myself to do it, and realised something.
I was wet.
With this weighing on my mind I inched over to the curtain and caught its edge to hold it in place. Slowly, slowly, I leaned over so one eye could clear the gap. I still couldn't see much. Below their curtain I could see a pair of female legs trying to hold steady while the male legs thumped rhythmically behind them. They had picked a curtain gap on the side that lined up with mine but, to see more, I would have to expose myself to the gap in my own curtain. I inched further across to focus on a glimpse of movement in the mirror at the back of their booth. Nothing much. The shadow of a woman's body, straining back, thighs jolting forward due to impact from behind. I'd forgotten all about leaving now. I was too turned-on. My pussy was tingling and I touched myself through my panties feeling it purr with excitement. I explored the cotton cleft with my fingertips. At this rate it wouldn't be long before I leaked through it. I stared to relax... getting distracted.
Hands slapped the wall of their booth with a bang that made me leap back from the gap, my heart thumping in fright. There was a gold bracelet on her delicate wrist. It had a tiny charm that swayed in time with the music. In time with her breathing. In time with her fucking. I held my breath as her face came slowly into view. She was young and pretty, with a button nose and bee-stung lips. An expression of pure pleasure was on her face, showing little pearly teeth as she panted sexily. Her hair was a shock of gold, broken loose, and falling down her face. A strong male hand was on the back of her head, dominantly pressing her cheek to the wall. Her eyes were tightly closed but she was facing the gap in the curtains. I was trapped now. Caught by my own silly excitement, and I dared not even move lest I make a sound that opened her eyes.
She wore a white blouse not unlike mine and, even though she braced herself with her hands, the thumps from behind made her firm tits bump rhythmically against the wall. She groaned with the feeling of him going deep and that sound sent a bolt of pure lust shooting through me. I shoved my hand into my panties to deal with the hot mess I had made down there. Another minute went by and she got fucked some more while I watched through the curtain gap and played with my clit. I couldn't see him, only the effect he was having on her. He put his fingers in her mouth and she sucked them. The sight alone made my pelvic floor twinge. I gasped and started finishing myself off. I instinctively looked between my legs to observe my hand dancing under the cotton. It's just a little habit I have.
When I looked back up, it was into two clear blue eyes.
I froze like a rabbit in the headlights. She was peering through her curtain gap and into my booth. She knew there was somebody there. She had heard me. Could she see me? She didn't say anything about it. She just stared into my booth and kept taking his dick like a champion. I moved slightly, a half step back, and saw her eyes track me. She knew I was there. It took for ever for me to gather my wits. I was panicking. Should I run for it? I'd have to grab my clothes and tear through the store half undressed. Try to find a place behind a rack to put my skirt and shoes back on. No. It was too much of a risk. I was trapped. I needed to come clean.
Needed to apologise.
Sheepishly I moved up to let her see me. I put my face into the curtain gap and guiltily mouthed "sorry". She said nothing, just panted and gasped, her face quite flushed. Her eyes roved up and down the gap to see as much of me as she could. Something in me wanted to explain. To at least try to make her feel a bit better about herself. So, I squeezed my hip over to the wall and tugged the edge of my curtain back a little so she could see I had a hand in my panties. Letting her know that, in a way, we were "both" doing the shameful thing. I shrugged and gave her a goofy "Well, what do ya know?" expression. At this her face broke into a big sexy smile. She locked my eyes and then stared pointedly at my crotch and, when she looked back at my face, she gave a deliberate nod that said.
"Well... get on with it then."
I felt a shock go through me. She was "ok" with me watching. She was even "into" it. What's more, she liked the idea that I would get off on it. She wanted to see it happen. I paused for a moment. The guy behind her was completely oblivious to what was happening between us. He ploughed away merrily, pounding her. Slowly I peeled down my panties and stepped out of them. We were in this together now. With my hip to the wall I showed her my pussy. How it was neatly groomed and swelled with arousal. I put my fingers in it and then held them through the gap to let her see how wet I was. I exposed my clit and rubbed it. I knew I was going to come any moment, and she looked like she was ready too. But not once did she take her eyes off me. My clit throbbed so hard my nipples answered and I thought to myself...
"Oh God! I'm going to do it. I'm going to let a stranger watch me get off."
I started rubbing harder... Closing my eyes.
The sudden curtain-scrape made me shriek with fright.
I bolted back into my booth. What was that? There was shuffling outside. Had security caught us? The manager? My panicked eyes fixed on my panties lying on the floor. I could never reach them in time. I squeezed myself into the corner as a hand grabbed my curtain and jerked it back. My throat constricted to scream... and a blonde in a white shirt barged in. Bare feet and bare legs. No bottoms. Flaunting it shamelessly like it was the most natural thing in the world. What's more, she had brought him with her, literally dragging him along by his dick as she crowded the three of us into my booth. He stared at me in confusion while she pulled my curtain closed. He was young and handsome, good hair, and fit enough to have the beginnings of abs. Hot, actually. I tried to smile at him but I saw his eyes drop and register that I had no bottoms on. I instinctively covered myself and rudely stared at his own lower half. His cock was a good size and rock hard, not a hint of give in it. It swung like a yard-arm as he turned in his confusion.
The girl took him by the hips, gently positioning him behind her and re-taking her position against the wall. Except, this time, it was my wall. Mere feet away from me. She bent over pressing her chest to the booth panel and sticking her ass out. When presented with this lovely sight, the guy quickly forgot about me and started concentrating on getting his dick to re-take its position. After a moment of adjusting they both made an identical "eureka" face and groaned together as his dick went into her. Then they started fucking again, right in front of me, simply picking up where they left off. Now I could see everything. I could see the little freckles on the bridge of her pretty button nose. I could hear every breath she took. Her bright blue eyes bored into mine as her head bobbed against the wall. I could see how much her firm ass bounced when his hips connected. How her thigh muscles tightened. My eyes roved up his torso, up the sheen of sweat on his muscles, to meet his eyes. Big and brown, watching me. They were both watching me.
I was watching them, and they were watching me.
I could feel a weight of expectation in their stares. I hadn't moved a muscle. I found I was still trying to push myself through the corner between mirror and wall. I checked with her silently and saw her smirk and looked back to see him eyeing me. I suppose I had done it for her. Now I had to do it for him. With a pout I opened my legs and showed it to him. He kept fucking her, but he eyed my pussy greedily. I put my fingers in it, spread my lips and played with them. God, I was ready to pop. I held my fingers up to let him see the silvery string of juice when they parted. Something about the sight of me masturbating made him fuck her harder. He gripped her hips and pounded her till she squeaked.
I scooted over with my back to the mirror and leaned over to see it happen. He pulled to the side a little and took longer strokes, showing me his dick going into her. I'd watched porn on the internet before but it was nothing compared to this. I could see her pussy lips swell and strain when he pushed in. She was so tight her asshole puckered when he made a thrust. I was transfixed, deeply aroused. I looked back to see her looking over her shoulder at us both. There was a crimson flush across the bridge of her nose. I switched rapidly from her face to her pussy with a shocked expression until I saw her eyes roll and she started to come.
Biting my fingertip I watched the next thirty seconds as she got her orgasm in front of me. He sensed it happening and reamed her hard while she bucked and squealed and feebly tried to break free. It was delightful to see her struggle and moan so loudly. See her pretty face flush and her thighs shake. He held her tight and made her take it. Take it until she could bear it no more. Eventually she wriggled away from him and backed up to the curtain, twitching and giggling. He was panting from his exertion and his dick looked angry-hard. I was surprised he hadn't blown his load inside her. I was surprised I hadn't popped my lid either. It was so damn sexy watching them fuck that I'd forgotten to rub my clit. I felt a tiny pang of disappointment. It would have been nice to come with her. Synchronise. For the next minute the three of us panted together and watched each other. An air of expectation hung between us. My mind whirled. That was pretty crazy but, now what? I gave a side-eye to them both. Did they want to watch me do myself? I was ready to give that show.
She reached over, catching my arm gently.
I looked at her quizzically as she tugged me out from the wall. She had a sly, sexy, smile on her face and she winked at me when we looked into each other's eyes. She was giggling, and I mouthed "what?" at her. She put her hands on my shoulders, gently turning me. She looked to her left and I followed her gaze, but it was just the wall the was looking at. The blank wall. Realisation started to creep up on me. That was the wall she had just been leaning on. Somehow, she had manoeuvred me into her spot. I started to mouth a small protestation. Then I felt his body come up behind me. She had a hand on my chest and another on his back. Putting us together. His arms wrapped around me and his chest pressed against my back. Solid as any wall. I spluttered a little, shocked, and tried to form some words but they died in my throat when I felt a hot, hard, bar press against my butt. He wriggled it until it nestled between my cheeks, the tip touching the small of my back.
Oh my god.
Hands started to press me. Hers and his. Putting me into position. Adjusting me to their liking. Instructing me with little tugs and pushes. Pull my hips back. Kiss the wall. Shoulders lower. No, lower than that. Ass up. Arch my back. Get that ass higher. His hands on my thighs, opening them. I thought I didn't want to do it. But, they weren't forcing me. I could break away. My body was on autopilot while my mind frantically asked it why was I doing this. But my mind went blank when something hard rubbed over my clit. His dick! It felt like a hot pool-ball searching in my slit, pushing and rubbing delightfully. Slicking up and down in the wet. I moaned despite myself and that changed to a shocked yelp when he burst through my vulva and went right inside me. I was so wet he didn't need to ease it in. He just slid it right up there in one motion. And it felt so good.
God it was big. Squeezing my pussy open. When he pulled it out the release of pressure brought starbursts to my eyes. I gasped and braced against the wall as he caught my hips and started to fuck me. I could hear him panting with delight as he felt my inner muscles trying, and failing, to grip him. My pulse was pounding in my throat and I, rather oddly, noticed that he was fucking me in time with the music. His hips impacting my out-thrust ass in sync with the base drum. How rude. We didn't even know each other five minutes and already he was treating me like a slut. I groaned as he hit a particularly sensitive spot. He wasn't entirely wrong on that assessment. Opening my eyes, I looked to my left.
She was still there, her back to the curtain and a crazy smirk on her face, observing everything. Our eyes met and held. I gasped at her open-mouthed as her boyfriend boned me. Going deep. She stood there watching, her face a picture of delight. Pushed up against the wall I savoured it all. The squeeze in my pussy, the impact of his hips on my ass, the feel of my tits bouncing around in my tight shirt. But the thing that I savoured most, the thing that even now brings a deep flush to my cheeks, was knowing I was being watched. That little blonde bitch, standing there with her pants off, passively taking everything in, as her boyfriend ravished some shameful hussy they had just found in the store. I watched her as closely as she watched me. My body was for him but my display was for her.
I could feel him adjust behind me, less body contact, just the dick only. Her attention was directed to my back-end and she moved down to look at what he was showing her. He leaned his back against the opposite wall for support. Letting her see me get penetrated just as he had shown me. I moaned and bit my lip, this adjustment had changed the angle of fucking. I was getting it more from below now. I looked over my shoulder, straining to see, my hair was over my face. It didn't cross my mind of adjust it. Her expression was rapt as she watched.
A bolt of pleasure made me whip my head to the other side. Now, in the mirror, instead of seeing her I could see what she saw. A hot little slut, bent-over and getting smashed from behind. He was looking at her, leaning back and fucking me with long strokes. I could feel his dick move in my pussy and I could see it in the mirror. Out and back in again. This vision caused a weird twang inside my body. Almost like a guitar-string was connected from my throat to my clitoris and somebody had played a power chord on it. I felt my pussy clench hard in response. Normally I need my clit to come but there was something different about this feeling. Something was happening and I wasn't in control of it. My loud moan caught her attention and she sharply looked at me in the mirror. I saw her bite her lip as she noticed my expression. She was a woman. She knew what was about to happen. Then my pussy clenched a second time and I started coming.
I yelped and slapped the wall. My pussy was gripping and spasming. I had never orgasmed like that before and it made my eyes roll back. I was cumming hard, and he fucked me through it, showing my poor pussy no mercy. After thirty seconds of shrieking and struggling the sensation became too intense and had to I break away from him. I collapsed back into my corner, gasping, desperately trying to catch my breath. She watched me with a delightful smile as I stood in front of them, shivering and jerking. Even though the fucking had stopped I was still coming and I spent the next ten seconds twitching out the last of my orgasm on shaking legs.
All while they watched the show.
When it finally stopped I put my hand down to my pussy to check if it was alright. Even though I had just come I found my clit was still active. Like a little baby bird cawing out of the nest. I teased it with my fingertip and watched as a scene unfolded before me. I could see him shivering now, his dick twitching. He looked incredibly tense. I had probably got away just in time to avoid him unloading inside me. His eyes darted from me to her and I could read his intentions. One of us was about to get fucked again, and there would be no dodging the cum this time.
Blondie saved the day when she dropped to her knees in front of him and promptly took his dick in her mouth. She sucked on it enthusiastically, grabbing his shaft tight in one hand and pumping her head. He was out of control and he banged her pretty little face as hard as he could. I couldn't tell who was grunting louder, him or her. She struggled just to stop him going down her throat and I could see her cheeks occasionally bulge out the shape of his cock. Even though she pleasured him with her mouth, her eyes were always on me, staring. I leaned into my corner and rubbed my clit openly as I watched her back.
He was gasping and moaning as he swivelled his eyes from the blonde blowing him to the brunette masturbating while she watched. It was impossible for him to hold on and he suddenly went rigid in ecstasy. She pumped her mouth on his dick for a few delicious seconds before making a wet gurgling sound as he howled and grabbed her by the hair. She strained against him, using both hands to hold his cock back, and I could see her throat work as she swallowed, and swallowed, and swallowed. I giggled with the surprise of how long it took. God, he must have shot a bucket-load into her. Then they broke away from each other. Gasping. Suddenly, it was like a buzzer went off and they both ran from my booth. In the seconds that followed I stood in my corner and rubbed my clit urgently. I heard them shuffling and bumping around as they got dressed in the booth across.
Then they were gone.
I stayed in my corner and masturbated. My pussy had that just-fucked ache but my clit still wanted action. I rubbed it up and down and circled it, rolling that little ball to build the pressure back up. My mind tried to process what had just happened but just couldn't. Through my little gasps I noticed they had been careless with my curtain when they fled. She had pulled it too far over and there was a sizable gap on the right now. From my corner I could see right out into the shop. That meant if I could see out, then somebody could see in. If somebody came along. If they stopped at the right clothes rack, and got just the right angle, they could watch me masturbate. There was nobody there but I didn't make a single move to close that curtain. I just rubbed my clit and stared out through the gap savouring that thought for a long moment... until I came. My second orgasm in minutes. Not the pussy crunching I'd got from him fucking me but my normal orgasm, gasping, twitching, and releasing pressure.
Afterward, I slowly dressed myself. My lower abdomen was awash with sensations, relaxation, fulfilment, a little raw in places. Coming twice in quick succession had flooded my brain with orgasm hormones and I felt like I had lost twenty points of IQ because of it. I needed to sit down to put my panties back on, grinning like an idiot. I picked up the top and knickers which had started all this and decided I'd better buy them even though I hadn't tried them on. Furtively I tip-toed out of the dressing rooms, half expecting to see a crowd of police waiting to arrest me, but there wasn't soul in sight. The shop really wasn't busy. The nearest cash register was empty and no shop assistants were to be seen. It didn't seem to be a well-run establishment. After wandering around in the shop for a while I spotted a checkout sign and made my way around a tall coat rack to get to it.
At the desk was a pretty little blonde in a tight white blouse and a dark skirt. Her hair was in a pony-tail and it looked pretty carelessly tied-up. I stopped in my tracks but her eyes tracked me immediately. There was nobody else around. Swallowing nervously, I walked over and put the things on the counter without a word. She picked them up and started folding them expertly, her eyes flickering to me with each item packed. When she took up the see-through top she held it out and eyed me beside it. Clearly imagining it on me. She smirked and I shrugged nonchalantly.
"Did you try it on?"
She spoke slowly and her voice was deeper than you would expect from a little thing like her. They were the first words I had heard from her.
"Um, no. I ahh, didn't get the chance."
I flushed a little when I said that. That sentence carried a bit more meaning now than it would normally.
"I can get Patrick to get another size from the stock room, if you like."
She nodded her head to the side and I looked across. Further down the shop a handsome young man, wearing a white shirt and dark slacks, was stacking trousers from a cart. I hadn't noticed him. I stared at him for a long moment, and she did too.
As if feeling the psychic weight of our stares he looked up to see the two women watching him. He was too far away to hear anything but he recognised me and rubbed his hand through his good hair. No doubt wondering what we were discussing about him. Perhaps critiquing his performance.
I turned back to the girl.
"No, that will be fine. I'm sure it will fit me."
She folded the flimsy top and packed it carefully while I entered my credit card pin. When she handled me the bag our fingers touched and I got a little shock from it.
"Well... if it doesn't fit."
She locked my eyes and held my stare.
"You can always bring it back."