Since we married ten years ago, my husband and I have lived on a narrowboat. It suits our unhurried lifestyle and offers us everything we need. Mostly we tour via the Shropshire Union Canal. This waterway allows us to move sedately between the Midlands and the Northwest. Of course, we can traverse across the country by connecting to other waterways. We find that the Shropshire Canal gives us access to many remote moorings and the opportunity to visit the open countryside.
Over the years, I have found my husband's sexual excitement is proportional to the number of open fields surrounding the canal. The more remote we are, the sexier he gets. Often, we can be completely naked, knowing that we will not be noticed. Or, more precisely, I can get naked and satisfy his voyeuristic tendencies. In this respect, we are chalk and cheese. I am much more of an exhibitionist. One of my greatest turn-ons is being moored in a busy part of the canal and seeing or hearing people on the towpath while we noisily make love. I suppose that is why we get on so well. I like showing off, and he enjoys watching me show off.
My most significant moments of exhibitionism tend to be accidents of fortune. For example, last summer, we were moored near a small Cheshire town, and there was a steady stream of walkers, dog walkers, runners, and cyclists making the most of the latest lockdown. I guess they were enjoying the freedom to get out for exercise and not have to dash off to work.
Each day at 7:00 am, I would go onto the foredeck in my skimpy crop top and gym shorts. None of the tight constricting lycra gym wear that seems so fashionable today. I would do a range of aerobic and anaerobic moves, occasionally interrupted by a polite good morning from passers-by. After a few days, you get to recognise individuals. One particular guy would cycle by at 7:15 exactly. "Morning, miss," he would shout out.
"Hi," I would respond.
I would have put him in his mid-fifties. He was reasonably well-toned and dressed appropriately for riding his bright orange mountain bike. One morning, I decided I might have some fun. I would make sure that at 7:15, I would ensure my back was to the towpath while I stretched and touched my toes. I knew from experience this would make my loose top fall away from my body and expose the underside of my breasts.
"Morning, miss.... Oops, sorry."
I straightened up and watched him continue up the path. I'd obviously shaken him because I could see his bike wobbling more than expected. I'd set my plan in motion. Tomorrow, Mister Cyclist, I will make sure you stop and look.
The following morning, right on time, I could see him approaching along the towpath. As he approached the stern of our home, I flagged him down.
"Morning, Mr Cyclist. Why did you apologise yesterday?"
"Well, um... when I looked up, you were bent over, and I could see your um... boobs. I thought I should apologise."
I laughed, "My god, you are a polite cyclist, aren't you? No need to apologise. If I were concerned about people seeing up my top, I would wear something different or exercise indoors."
"I just felt that I was seeing something I shouldn't."
I took a deep breath and said, "What like this?" And I lifted my top to expose my breasts. He really didn't know which way to look. But he settled on staring directly at my exposure.
I lowered my top. "I can't keep calling you Mr Cyclist, and you can't keep calling me miss. I am Bobbie."
"Hello, Bobbie. I am Gary."
"Pleased to meet you, Gary. Do you travel far each day?"
"I try to do at least ten miles a day without stopping."
"Now it's my turn to apologise because I stopped you."
"That's OK. I think you compensated me." And he smiled.
"What like this?" And I lifted my top up to expose my breasts again."
Gary just grinned. I twisted my nipples between my thumb and forefinger of each hand. I spotted that Gary was starting to show me some appreciation via his tight cycle shorts. I could hear hubby stirring in the bedroom below deck.
"As I have interrupted your journey, would you like a cool drink? Water? Squash?"
"Water would be perfect." He dismounted his bike and leant it against the fence behind him. A dog walker passed, and I could see Gary trying to hide his growing cock.
I shouted through to my husband, "Tony, there is a cyclist I've met. Can you bring a glass of cold water up for him? He looks a little hot."
In no time at all, Tony appeared with a glass of cold water. His speed at completing the task told me that he had been watching and listening to my conversation with Gary. "Hi, Gary. You do look hot."
Tony passed the glass to me, and I passed it on to Gary, ensuring that my fingers touched his. Poor Gary, he was trembling.
"I think he is embarrassed because I just flashed my breasts at him, and he might be worried what you think."
Tony just roared with laughter. "Well, reassure him then."
"What like this?" And I lifted my top up to expose my breasts again."
Tony just smiled. Gary choked on his drink of water. And I resumed my nipple play.
Despite Gary choking, his erection continued to grow in his shorts.
"He clearly likes what you are doing with your nipples, Bobbie."
"Is he right, Gary. Do you like seeing me play with my nipples?"
Tony said, "That's a stupid question. He obviously does judging by the hard-on he is sporting."
"Would you like to see more, Gary?"
Gary nodded.
"Tell me. What would you like to see?" I said, licking my lips for emphasis."
"Um... err... anything you want to show me."
Tony said, "Poor chap. He looks uncomfortable. Gary, why don't you reach into your shorts and straighten up your cock?"
Not needing any further prompting, Gary's hand shot into his shorts. I could see he had a grip on his cock. "Would you like to see this?" I asked as I pulled the leg of my shorts up and across to demonstrate I wasn't wearing any underwear. Gary's hand was massaging his cock.
I glanced down at Tony. He was mirroring Gary's motions but in his lounge shorts. "Ooooh Tony, are you getting hard too?"
"You know I am, you teaser."
"Well, if you get yours out, it might prompt Gary to get his out."
Now it was Tony's turn to become coy. "You know, I not the exhibitionist."
"It's hardly exhibitionism. I'm your wife, and Gary is our friend." With that, Tony dropped his shorts and let his erection loose. Gary didn't respond straight away because a male dog walker was passing. Tony didn't spot him until it was too late. The dog walker just grinned at us. And Gary took his hand out of his pants.
"Aren't you bothered about that dog walker seeing your cock?"
"It's too late now. I didn't see him," said Tony.
I reassure both of them. "He is harmless. I have chatted with him. He walks his dog past us two or three times a day."
"No. You mean he is fine because you flash him two or three times a day." I just laughed.
"Come on then, Gary. I've shown you mine. Get yours out and show us what you have got there." Said Tony.
To encourage him, I lowered my shorts down to my knees, revealing a clean-shaven pussy. Gary looked up and down the towpath checking there weren't any imminent passers-by.
I stared as he revealed his erection with its glistening end. "Very nice." It is just like Tony's. At this, Tony started to masturbate, and Gary mirrored Tony's movements.
I grabbed hold of Tony's erection and said, "I want you to take me so that Gary can watch."
I turned my back to Tony so that we were sidewards on to Gary. I felt fully lubricated as Tony gently pushed his hardness into me. All the while, I was making eye contact with Gary. "You like watching me being fucked?"
Gary didn't comment. He was busily rubbing his cock fast. Much faster than Tony was driving into me. I guessed he was in a hurry to complete his ten miles of cycling. "Go on, Gary, shoot your cum all over the side of our boat," I said.
Tony urged him on further. "Yes, Gary, we want to see you shoot your hot cum all over our boat."
Gary groaned as he wanked, signalling he wouldn't be long. I pulled from Tony and moved towards the edge of the boat. My cunt was almost at the same level as Gary's face. I opened my legs and spread my lips. "Go on, Gary, look at my wetness and shoot your cum."
That did the trick. Gary gave out a loud groan as he emptied his load all over the side of the boat. His face flushed with the intensity of his orgasm.
I ran my finger through the shot semen, put it to my mouth, and licked it. Not wanting to be outdone, Tony scooped up a load of Gary's cum and stuck it in his mouth. That pushed Tony over the edge as he shot his load all over my naked behind.
Gary looked awkward and put his now soft cock back into his cycle shorts. He was still flushed as he moved towards his bike.
To ease his awkwardness, I shouted across the towpath to him. "See you. Same time tomorrow?"
I looked at Tony. "And you, dear husband, need to get yourself hard again. My dog walking friend is coming back."