Late Wednesday afternoon one of my patients cancels her appointment so I give Susan a call.
"Oh, hi Lisa," she says. "I've been waiting to hear from you. Thanks for calling."
"I'm sorry Susan. It's been really busy at work, but I have a few minutes right now. If it's okay with you, why don't I drive up your way on Saturday? We can get to know each other a little bit and talk about what to do next."
"That would be great if you don't mind the drive," Susan responds.
"I don't mind at all."
"Well then, I know of a cozy little restaurant a few miles west of Placerville that has excellent food and will give us plenty of privacy. Let's meet for lunch."
"Works for me. Tell me the name of the place and I'll put it in my navigation system. What time would you like to meet?"
"How about high noon?" she suggests after telling me the name of the restaurant.
"Noon is good. I'll be driving a maroon Acura. I'm really looking forward to this."
"Me too! Drive carefully and I'll see you on Saturday. I have a silver Lexus."
****
I am jazzed up for the remainder of the week. I keep having visions of my husband screwing the gorgeous little brunette. The result of all those mental pictures is that I'm hornier than usual, so I fuck Brett's brains out every night for the remainder of the week. He knows I'm fired up about meeting with Susan on Saturday and he's more than willing to take advantage of the situation.
On Friday night I am on top, one of my favorite positions, proceeding slowly to make our coupling last as long as possible.
"By the time I get home tomorrow evening, Susan and I should have a plan, or at least an outline of one, that will result in you getting to fuck her before too long," I tell my husband a little breathlessly as I slowly rock my hips to rub my clit against his pubic bone.
"And that same plan will result in Ken fucking you," he answers with a smile.
"I hadn't thought of that, but I suppose it will," I respond, feigning indifference. Brett just grins back at me.
Images of the four of us begin to fill my head and I find myself starting to move more rapidly up the slope towards what I believe will be a fantastic orgasm. As always, Brett is alert to my needs so he grasps me by the hips to help my progress. A minute or two later I go over the top, loudly crying out the pleasure of my release, and then collapse on his chest.
When I recover a little I realize that he did not cum with me. I am delighted. We will go another round so I rise up on my knees to let his hardness slip free. Rolling over onto my back, I draw my knees back and open my thighs.
"Fuck me," I murmur softly.
Brett slips his cock into my pussy and gathers me into his arms. Several long, wonderful minutes later I have an orgasm that leaves my legs quivering for what seems like an eternity. A short time later we fall asleep in each other's arms.
****
I arrive at the restaurant a few minutes before noon. Several cars are in the lot. One is a silver Lexus so I conclude that Susan is already inside. When I enter the building I spot her waving from a booth in a back corner of the room. Returning her wave with a smile, I thread my way past several tables to join her.
She is breathtakingly beautiful, just as I remember from our relatively brief encounter last weekend. She smiles radiantly at me as I slide into the booth.
"How was the drive?" she asks.
"Easy and uneventful," I reply.
"The best kind."
Our server appears, hands out menus, and takes our drink orders. We both ask for the house chardonnay.
Neither of us knows exactly how to start the conversation we came here to have so we engage in small talk for a little while. Susan is bright, cheerful, and witty so I warm to her quickly. By the time our drinks arrive and we place our orders, we are chatting like old friends. We do not mention the previous weekend and the extraordinary things that happened at the resort.
I am nearly finished with my crab salad when Susan sets aside her fork, leaving a portion of her lunch on her plate. Suddenly, she looks a little uneasy.
"If...if you don't mind, I have some questions about your fantasy enactments," she begins.
"Not at all. Fire away," I reply as I set my fork down and take the final sip of my wine.
"Another round?" she asks, wiggling her empty glass in the air. As if by magic our server appears, takes our orders, and returns with charged glasses.
"Nikki says you and Brett have some rules that guide your activities."
"We do," I respond and then spend the next couple of minutes explaining each rule, placing special emphasis on the fourth one.
"How did you and Brett handle the aftermath of your fantasy rape?" Susan asked. "If I understand your fourth rule, he wasn't allowed to ask any questions about the origin of your fantasy and, at least initially, he wasn't a willing participant."
"That was a quantum leap for us. I had gone way out on a limb involving others without his permission. Fortunately, my predictions about Brett's reaction proved to be correct. If he had any nagging doubts, Nikki resolved them soon after Justin and I finished."
"But I was faced with a dilemma," I continue. "The next fantasy would be Brett's to plan and I knew we could never go back to the way we had been doing things before. So I confessed that I had set the whole thing up in advance; my rape was entirely consensual. As it turned out, Brett already knew. I was so excited by the success of my plan that I inadvertently tipped my hand only minutes after it was over."
"Anyway, once I confessed, the fourth rule didn't apply anymore," I continued. "And if we're going to be doing a lot of foursomes, or group sex like last weekend, our rules won't be very relevant and the group has no obligation to abide by them anyway. The fantasy origins will be shared by more than one person and common sense will dictate when secrecy and cooperation are required."
"Are you sure you don't mind me asking these questions?" Susan asks. "I have a couple more."
"I don't mind at all. Considering the likelihood what we are going to be intimately involved in the near future, free and open discussion makes sense."
"How about the fantasies themselves? Are they long-held secrets, or are they conjured up just for fun?"
"Both," I reply. "My rape fantasy was a personal secret for years. Brett and I had occasionally spoken of him fantasizing about watching me have extramarital sex, but he always insisted that it was pure fantasy and he had no intention of sharing me with another man."
"Then you really did take a huge risk!" Susan declares.
"Not so much. I was ninety-five percent certain that he would be aroused watching me with Justin. And I was right."
"On the other hand," I continue, "some fantasies are chosen because an opportunity presents itself. Our encounter with Keith and Emma is an example. Brett had never thought of employing massage as a fantasy element, but their occupation made the choice a natural one. Once Brett became aware of their skills, he fabricated a fantasy that would put them to good use."
"My next question is a little embarrassing, but I'm going to ask it anyway."
"It's okay. Ask away," I encourage her.
"Have you ever considered having sex with another woman as part of a fantasy enactment?"
I stare at Susan for a long moment, trying to sort out my thoughts. Sex with another woman had been on my mind for years but I had never broached the subject with Brett, or anyone else for that matter. Apparently I remain silent too long.
"I am so sorry!" whispers Susan. "Now I've made you uncomfortable. Please accept my apology."
"There is no need to apologize," I assure her, "it's just that you hit a deeply buried nerve. I have thought about it, but have never discussed it with Brett or taken any steps to make it happen."
"Are you sure I haven't offended you?"
"Of course not. But now you have opened a subject that begs for a little exploration. I think I can safely assume that you have given the idea some thought."
"I have, and like you, I've kept it a secret and have never acted on the impulse. And now my palms are sweaty," she confesses with a catch in her throat.
"Are you aware of any girl-on-girl activity within the group?" I ask.
"Not a hint. As far as I know, I'm the only one who has an interest."
"Then we are probably in uncharted territory," I reply. "Nikki told me that there are no pairings but I'm pretty certain she was referring to heterosexual activity. Girl-on-girl twosomes didn't occur to me at the time."
"Just for the sake of discussion, since we are meeting to prepare for a foursome, what if you and I had sex in front of the guys to start things out?"
"I don't know about Ken, but Brett would be thrilled. That said, I'm not about to take on something like that without knowing ahead of time if I like it, or if I would be any good at it. I have zero experience," I answer.
"Ken would be more than happy to watch as well. He has no objections to girl-on-girl sex. But I have to agree with you; it would be very risky to have our foursome be the testing ground."
Once again I give Susan a long look. We both know where this conversation is heading. The only remaining issue is what to do about it. Finally, after a lengthy silence, Susan takes the plunge.
"Look," she begins, her voice choked with emotion, "why don't we go to my house. Ken is in San Diego at a golf tournament and won't be home until tomorrow."
Once again I pause before answering.
"Brett is in San Francisco for the day at a medical forum. He won't get home until sometime later tonight."
Both of us are hyperventilating and my hands are shaking as I signal to the server for the check.
"My treat," I announce in a strained voice.
****
Susan's home is only a few minutes from the restaurant. I get the impression that her house is lovely but I am too distracted by what is about to happen to pay much attention to my surroundings.
Both of us are visibly shaking with anticipation and apprehension as we stop in her kitchen. Susan spills half a glass of wine on the countertop before she gets enough into two glasses for us to drink. I am afraid to pick mine up. Susan doesn't touch hers either.
"Fu...fuck it," she stutters as she takes my hand. "Come with me."
A minute later we are standing in her bedroom, facing each other. Her king-size bed is the elephant in the room. I think I am going to faint.
"Let's take a shower together," Susan suggests in a low voice.
"Good idea," I respond as my knees begin to shake.
We have seen each other naked, on video and in person, so modesty isn't an issue. Disrobing actually seems to calm both of us a little. In no time at all we have cast our clothes aside. Once again Susan takes my hand.
The master bath shower stall is quite large with a shower head at each end. We each step inside and claim a stream of water for our own. As I run my hands though my thick wet hair I study the beautiful little brunette. She is about four inches shorter than my five-foot six. Her body is perfectly proportioned. The thought of touching her is causing me to hyperventilate again and I can feel myself start to lubricate.
Susan is studying me as well. I can see her eyes roam over my body. I have nothing to be ashamed of. I am well aware of my own beauty.
Someone has to make the first move, so I grab a bar of scented soap from a dish recessed into the wall nearby and step into her water stream. Susan remains still as I gently glide the soap over her shoulders and down to her breasts. As I lather the smooth skin, her nipples become erect and she moans softly. Turning slightly away, Susan retrieves a second bar and does the same to me.
For the next few minutes we lather every square inch of each other's bodies, spending extra time on breasts and inner thighs. When we are sufficiently sudsy, I pull her into my arms and press my lips to hers. Our kiss is tentative at first but quickly heats up. When Susan slips her hot little tongue into my mouth I moan with pleasure and respond in kind.
Finally, we break away, breasts heaving with excitement. Susan produces a bottle of shampoo. We wash each other's hair and then rinse all the soap from our bodies. A minute or two later we have wrung most of the water from our hair and dried our skin with luxurious heavy bath towels. We both know what will happen next.
After a final pass at our hair, Susan once again takes my hand and leads me back into her bedroom. I watch her as she pulls back the bedclothes. I am now lubricating heavily in anticipation of what we are about to do.
Susan slips into bed and beckons me to join her. I do so and pull her into my arms. We resume the kiss we started in the shower. When it finally ends, I whisper into her ear.
"I have no idea what I'm doing and I'm nervous as hell," I confess.
"Me too," she whispers back.
"Let's just take it slowly," I suggest, "and see how things go."
"I guess we'll end up doing to each other what our husbands do to us," she whispers. "Minus the dicks, of course," she adds with a nervous giggle.
For the next half hour Susan and I explore each other, kissing, touching, and tasting delicate skin. I have been finger fucked thousands of times at the hands of a small number of men, and have done it to myself often enough. But other than med school and my internship afterward, I have never touched another woman's vagina nor had the favor returned. It is a glorious feeling; women have a lighter touch than men. Neither of us cums, but we get close as we become more comfortable with what we are doing.
I've examined my own pussy with a hand mirror but, until today, I've never inspected someone else's as a prelude to sex. Susan's is a thing of beauty; from the carefully groomed little triangle of dark fur down to the inviting slit. I slip my tongue into her wetness and begin to search for her clit.
"Oh God," she murmurs as she opens her thighs wider to give me better access.
"Oh...oh...oh," she moans when my tongue finds its mark. Drawing her knees back and spreading her legs wider, she rocks her hips upwards in approval of what I am doing to her. In less than a minute I realize that Susan is on the verge of a climax so I intensify my efforts.
I have watched her cum repeatedly on the Marshall and Webster video that Nikki provided, and I was only a few feet away when Keith fucked her into an orgasmic state last weekend; but I am still a little startled when she abruptly clamps my head between her thighs. Trembling violently, she cries out sharply in release, and then goes limp. I kiss the insides of her thighs until the series of small aftershocks recede.
"My turn," she murmurs a couple of minutes later. We exchange places and reverse roles. I open my legs to receive her. Moments later my body shivers with delight as Susan gently runs her tongue up through my slit and circles my clit. Within a few seconds I am on fire as I race up the slope towards what is certain to be a crushing orgasm.
With impeccable timing, Susan sucks my clit in between her lips and rapidly flicks the sensitive flesh with the tip of her tongue. I go over the edge with a shriek. As I had done earlier, she backs off to kiss the insides of my thighs while I struggle for breath. Eventually I get enough oxygen into my lungs and begin to relax.
"Oh...oh fuck," I whisper. "That was unbelievable."
"What was unbelievable? I didn't notice anything," Susan quips, now comfortable enough with what we've been doing to crack a joke.
"The top of my head blew off. I can't believe you didn't hear it," I reply with a giggle.
"Oh, that. No big deal," she says with pretended nonchalance and then answers my giggle with one of her own.
"Come up here," I tell her so she can lie by my side. When she arrives, I pull her into my arms for a kiss. I can taste my own nectar on her lips.
"Are you going to tell Brett what we did," Susan asks when the kiss ends.
"My inclination is to tell him. We don't keep important secrets from each other," I reply.
"I'd like to tell Ken also. My only concern is that if they know we've already had sex, they won't be as surprised if we give them a performance to start off our foursome."
"Actually, telling them might work to our advantage, particularly if we don't mention having sex in front of them. Their imaginations will probably work overtime and they'll be hoping we'll do something when the four of us get together. Then, if we actually do it, they'll go crazy and we'll get fucked half to death afterwards," I offer.
"Maybe you're right," Susan concedes with a broad smile. "Then might I suggest that we have a few more practice sessions before our foursome? Just to make sure we get it right."
"It's early yet," I reply. "Perhaps we should get in a little practice now. I've recovered nicely."
"What a nice idea!" she exclaims as we each slip a hand in between the other's slippery thighs.
We spend the next few minutes finger fucking each other and then finish our encounter with a sixty-nine performance like nothing either of has experienced in the past, the two of us letting out muffled wails of release as we cum within seconds of one another.
****
Brett and I had already agreed that he'd grab a bite for dinner in the city since the forum was going to end late in the day. Left on my own to select nourishment, I stop at a MacDonald's near home and order a Big Mac, fries, and a chocolate shake, nearly fainting from the wonderful taste of guilty pleasures. Brett can be a pain in the ass about fast food, so I'll lie to him if he asks what I had for dinner.
"What did you have for dinner?" he asks two hours later when we are both settled in on the sofa with martinis in hand.
"I got a chicken salad at Mickey D's," I tell him with a straight face. Brett squints back at me.
"Liar."
"I have something important to tell you," I announce, ignoring his disapproval of my culinary choices.
"Okay, shoot," he responds as he takes a sip of his drink.
"Susan and I had sex today."
Brett starts to choke and barely gets his head turned aside as he sprays martini mist out into the room. I maintain my composure while he recovers.
"I have to confess that I didn't see that coming," he says, still coughing in between words. "Let me replenish our drinks and you can tell me all about it if you are willing to share." A few minutes later he hands me a fresh martini.
"We spent some time getting to know each other during lunch," I begin, "and then Susan had some questions about our fantasy enactments. She was curious about our rules, so I explained them to her. Then she dropped a bomb by asking me if I had ever fantasized about having sex with a woman. I told her that I had, but had never discussed it with you or taken any steps to make it happen."
"I'm not surprised. I've heard that such thoughts are not uncommon among women."
I have to choose my words with care to avoid revealing that my conversation with Susan was based on the premise that we might provide a girl-on-girl display for Brett and Ken when we finally get together for our foursome.
"Both of us were nervous wrecks about the discussion and where it might lead. Finally, Susan suggested that we go to her house for the afternoon. Ken is at a golf tournament in San Diego until tomorrow and you were occupied in the city until late today, so we had an opportunity."
"And...?" Brett prompts.
"We took a shower. You may recall what you and I often do when we shower together," I answer with a smile. "That got us started. Would you like to hear the rest of the story?"
"Absolutely," he responds. From the look on his face I know I have his undivided attention.
I spend the next few minutes describing in exquisite detail what Susan and I did, leaving nothing out. As I tell the story, I can see a bulge forming in Brett's slacks. It is exactly the reaction I expect.
"Did you cum?" he asks with a little catch in his voice.
"Oh yes," I reply. "It took a while for us to relax, but after that it was easy. I made Susan cum first and then she took care of me. We ended the afternoon playing sixty-nine and both of us climaxed within seconds of each other."
"So it was good for you both."
"Very good. Wonderful in fact."
"Better than sex with a man?" he asks with a grin.
"Not better; just different. Women have a more delicate touch. I wouldn't trade what you and I do for anything, but girl-on-girl is a nice supplement to my sex life," I tell him.
"Well, good for you. And I don't feel threatened."
"I'm glad. Nothing about what Susan and I did today impacts you and me in any way.
"Is it safe to assume that you want to do it again?"
"I do, and so does Susan," I reply.
"Any chance that Ken and I can watch sometime?"
"Nope," I answer with a smile. "Not a prayer. This is just between Susan and me."
"If I recall," Brett begins, a look of disappointment on his face, "your meeting today was intended to put together a plan for our foursome. Did you make any progress?"
"Not much. We got distracted, but we're going to get together again soon. And this time we'll attend to business before we have sex," I answer. "And speaking of sex, is there any way I can convince you to fuck me right now?"
"I can be persuaded," he answers as he gulps down the remainder of his martini and sets his glass aside. He doesn't eat the olive, which is a ritual for him, so I know he is fired up.
"Then follow me," I tell him as I rise to my feet, turn on my heel, and stroll toward our bedroom swaying my hips as seductively as possible.
****
My second meeting with Susan at her house is successful on two counts. The first thing we do is put together a plan and select the weekend for our rendezvous. We decide to have our foursome at the resort, so we call Nikki and make the arrangements. Even though winter is approaching, she and Justin keep the resort open to accommodate cross country skiers.
I ask for two nights in the cabin where Justin raped me. Susan wants a specific cabin that she and Ken have used before, but her calendar only allows a stay of one night. They have a commitment for Friday night but will join us on Saturday.
The second thing we do is have sensational sex. Susan had told me to bring my favorite sex toy and she would provide a dildo. Our orgasms are plentiful and intensely pleasurable. Susan is no stranger to vibrators but she has never encountered anything like my little dual-bullet machine. I am an expert in its use, so I am able to hold her just below the threshold of climax for a long minute or two before launching her over the top into an orgasm that has her screaming in release.
For my part, I have a glorious orgasm when Susan fucks me with the same artificial cock that Ken uses on her. All the while I am well aware that he will soon have his real cock inside me as my husband watches.
As we had done before, we end our afternoon with a sensational sixty-nine session that leaves us both pleasantly exhausted. When I am ready to leave, we conclude that we are comfortable with the idea of performing in front of our husbands.
We meet one more time to practice our routine. I have brought a pair of single-bullet vibrators and explain my reasoning to Susan. When we finish our practice session she gleefully endorses my choice. As we say our goodbyes, both of us are convinced that our foursome will be highly successful.
****
Three weeks later...
We are on our way. There has been little snow in the mountains so the roads are clear. As usual, I am so excited that I feel compelled to take the edge off with my experienced fingers. The Acura is much quieter than the roadster so my cries of pleasure have a more pronounced effect on Brett. He is rock-hard and breathing heavily when I finish. On a whim, I reach across the center console, unzip his slacks, and pull his cock free.
"Don't get in a wreck," I tell him as I release my seatbelt. Kneeling sideways in my seat, I lie across the console and take him into my mouth.
"Oh God," he murmurs as I lightly rake the head of his cock with my teeth.
I feel the car slow and make a turn. Releasing his erection, I look out the window to find that Brett has taken advantage of a convenient scenic pullover. There are no other cars nearby. When the car glides to a halt, I return to my work.
We will have the evening to ourselves since Susan and Ken won't arrive at the resort until tomorrow. I know what will happen later tonight but Brett does not. I also know that he recovers quickly after ejaculation so I can make him cum now and he will be more than able to fuck me properly later on.
It doesn't take long. I am good at this and Brett is highly aroused from my earlier performance. In less than a minute he lets out a loud groan and explodes into my mouth. Just for fun, I continue to work on the now-hypersensitive head of his pulsing cock with my lips and tongue for several more seconds.
"Oh fuck!" He exclaims. "Oh fuck! Stop!"
I give him a last lick and then turn around in my seat with a wide grin. I am very pleased with myself.
"Jesus H. Christ," he breaths. It takes a couple of minutes before he is able to recover, restore his clothing, and get the car moving again. The rest of our trip is uneventful.
We arrive at the resort and visit with Nikki and Justin for a while before going to our cabin. We agree to go into town together at six o'clock for drinks and dinner.
When we enter the cabin, we are both smiling. This is our third stay and we both have good memories of what has taken place here in the past. After unpacking the car, we decide to take a nap before showering and dressing for dinner.
Dinner with Nikki and Justin is a pleasant affair as always. We have become good friends over the past few months and enjoy their company. It is nearly nine o'clock before we return to the resort and bid them good night.
****
"Why don't you start a fire and open some wine while I slip into something more comfortable," I suggest. Brett grins at me and gets to work. He doesn't know exactly what I mean by 'something more comfortable' but he'll like whatever I choose.
A few minutes later I come out of the bathroom wearing the same ankle length blue velvet robe I wore the night of my rape. My hair is done up in the same manner. Brett stares at me in open admiration. He knows that my choice of clothing is no accident. But that's all he knows.
"Let's sit in front of the fire and enjoy the wine," I tell him. Brett hands me a glass and, when we are seated, he puts his arm around my shoulders and draws me close.
For the next half hour or so, we sip the excellent zinfandel and talk about everything except what tomorrow will bring. Brett knows that Susan and I are in charge and he and Ken will be kept in the dark until we decide otherwise.
"Perhaps you should slip into something more comfortable yourself. I set out something for you in the bathroom."
Setting his glass aside, Brett goes into the bathroom. I have laid out the same very short terry cloth wraparound towel and the short robe that he wore the first night we spent in this room.
When he returns to the room, I am propped up against the brass headboard exactly as I had been that night. My robe is gone and I am wearing the same blue silk baby doll nightgown and tiny pair of panties. I have placed one of the chairs from the dining area precisely where it had been before, although tonight there are no ringbolts and no handcuffs.
"I want you to sit in that chair," I tell him. "There are no restraints, but you are not to move until I say so."
Brett steals a glance at the French doors and the curtains that cover the windows looking out over the porch.
"Everything is locked," I assure him. "There will be no interruptions this time."
Reaching back under the pillows, I withdraw the same worn paperback book. Slowly sipping my wine, I read for a few minutes just as I had done that night.
As before, the words in the book and my imagination begin to take their toll and my arousal grows. As the feelings intensify, I set my wine aside, part my legs just enough to allow one hand to slip down inside my panties. Still reading, I make a soft sound as my probing fingers go to work.
Brett is visibly aroused. A bulge has formed under his terrycloth wraparound and he is squirming in his chair. He now knows what my intentions are.
For the next few minutes, I repeat my activities of that night. Before long, I am breathing heavily and my breasts are rising and falling against the flimsy nightgown.
Finally I set the book down, grasp my panties at each hip, slowly pull them down over my ankles, and toss them aside. I am ready for the next act in my little performance.
Reaching under the pillow, I retrieve the same large vibrating dildo. Brett has not seen the instrument since the night of my rape because I have kept it hidden in anticipation of this night.
After a brief glance in his direction I draw my knees back and open my legs wide in preparation for what I am about to do. Brett is now fully erect, his cock visible where his wraparound has parted.
With a soft moan, I slowly slide the silicone cock deep into my pussy. Still moaning, I start the vibrations and cry out in response. Slowly inserting and withdrawing the large phallus with both hands, I rock my hips rhythmically in perfect timing and settle in for what I know will be a long, slow climb toward a thunderous orgasm. This time there will be no one to interfere with my progress.
In all the years I've known Brett, he has watched me use a dildo for only a minute or so the night of my rape. I take it with me when I travel for business, and Brett uses it on me from time to time, but I have always chosen to use it on myself privately. Tonight I'm going to change all that. I intend to take my time so that my husband can enjoy the show.
Changing the angle of penetration often and crying out softly at each alteration of my technique, the artificial cock glistens wetly each time it appears between my thighs. From time to time I pull the dildo free of my pussy to encircle my clit with its vibrating head.
I feel a pre-orgasmic flush appear on my face and neck, signaling the approach of a sensational orgasm. Drawing my legs further back, I maintain the speed of my thrusts with one hand but begin to use the fingers of the other to manipulate my clitoris. My climb is accelerating rapidly as I let out a continual stream of unintelligible yelps, moans, and cries.
Seconds later, I arch my back as my fingers fly over the delicate flesh and I let out a high pitched wail of release, my legs shaking as orgasmic tremors slice through my body. When it's over, I fall back against the headboard struggling to breath. For a minute or so, aftershocks retain control of my body. Eventually I am calm, breathing normally with the dildo still partially buried in my pussy.
"Come here," I order Brett in a husky voice, "and fuck me. Very hard."
He is between my legs in an instant. Removing the slick, wet instrument and setting it aside, he thrusts his engorged cock into my pussy and gathers me into his arms. When I hook my ankles behind the back of his knees, he follows my orders. He is soon pounding himself into me with all his strength, forcing me to cum within a minute or two as I let out a prolonged cry of pleasurable release.
I would have enjoyed being driven into another orgasm, but Brett loses control, lets out a primal roar, and fills my pussy with a seemingly unending series of powerful contractions. We remain locked in each other's arms until we recover.
"Thank you for that," he whispers in my ear as he rolls to one side.
"You're welcome," I whisper back. "I thought you might enjoy watching."
"You have no idea," he breathes.
Seconds later, He pulls a blanket over us and turns out the light.
****
"The Websters are here!" I announce, the pitch of my voice elevated by excitement. I have been watching for them since about two o'clock. "Let's drive up to the office and see them while they check in."
What the four of us had done yesterday, the six of us repeat today, visiting for a pleasant hour or so. And once again, we all decide on dinner in town.
At five o'clock we pile into the resort's Suburban for the half-hour trip. The earlier hour is important to Susan and me since we are eager to get started with our program of entertaining our husbands and then reaping the benefits of their arousal.
Susan and I do a pretty good job of hiding our excitement, only occasionally exchanging conspiratorial glances while the six of us engage in spirited conversation over an excellent meal with excellent company.
Arriving back at the resort around eight o'clock, Justin takes the guys up to the house to shoot pool while Susan and I corner Nikki in the office.
"Nikki," Susan begins, "there is something Lisa and I want to tell you."
"Okay," she answers with a raised eyebrows and a bemused smile.
"Susan and I have had sex together three times in the past few weeks," I begin. "Tonight we're going to do it in front of our husbands to start things off." Susan and I had decided to let Nikki in on our secret. We didn't need her permission to have sex, but we felt obliged to tell her we had gone beyond the established boundaries of the group.
"Well, I'll be damned," she declares with a shake of her head and a thousand watt grin. "I've been wondering when this would come up. I've been thinking about girl-on-girl sex for years but haven't had the courage to do anything about it. Now I'm envious."
"We just felt you should know," Susan says, "since you are the de facto leader of the group."
"I'm glad you told me. Now I'm going to take a risk and discuss it with Amber and Emma. Maybe they have had similar thoughts. This could get interesting. Do I have your permission to tell them what the two of you have been doing?"
Susan and I exchange a look and then nod to each other.
"Yes," we answer simultaneously.
"Good. I'll call them soon. Maybe tonight. Do you need anything from me for this evening? Anything that would help ensure your success?"
"Thanks for the offer," I answer, "but we have everything planned out pretty well. We'll be using the cabin Brett and I are staying in. It is just the thing for what we have in mind."
"How about the cameras?" Nikki asks.
"Oh, shit!" I exclaim. "I forgot about them!"
"Not a problem," Nikki responds and then tells us how to energize the hidden miniaturized equipment.
"Would you like me to edit the material for you?" she asks.
Once again Susan and I exchange a look and nod to each other.
"Yes, please," Susan replies. "You do wonderful work. And, speaking only for myself, I don't mind if you share the video with Amber and Emma if you get a positive response when you talk to them."
"I don't mind either," I assure her.
"Thank you," Nikki responds. "Now I'm getting wet just thinking about all the possibilities. Justin is in for a treat tonight. I'm going to fuck him senseless. He'll be delighted, but he won't have a clue why I'm so jazzed up," she adds with a grin.
The three of us exchange hugs and then Susan and I jump into her Lexus to head for the cabin. Ken and Brett will follow later with the Acura when we call for them.
****
Susan and I take a quick shower and then put on the lacy black crotchless panties we purchased at Victoria's Secret.
We remove all the bed clothing except for a top sheet and a pile of pillows. Susan energizes the cameras while I tape a note to the outside of the French doors that instructs our husbands to come inside, remove all their clothing, and be seated in the chairs we have placed at the foot of the bed.
I put two brand new single-bullet vibrators with fresh batteries under the pillows. Everything else we intend to do to each other will involve only our fingers, lips, and tongues.
Susan makes the call and we arrange ourselves on the bed with our backs resting on pillows propped against the headboard. A few minutes later we hear footsteps on the porch. Susan reaches over and gives my hand a squeeze.
Our husbands enter the room and stop short. Susan and I know we present an alluring picture with our bodies on display and our legs crossed demurely at the ankles. Neither of us says a word. We are waiting for the men to comply with our instructions.
After a few moments they disrobe and remain standing in the middle of the room. I believe they are waiting for us to beckon them forward to start fucking. Both cocks are already at half-mast.
"Sit," I order. Neither of them moves.
"Now," commands Susan with a little edge to her voice.
Both men spring into action and take their seats, their partial erections a bit deflated.
When they are in position, Susan and I slide down into the center of the bed on our backs with our heads on one of the pillows.
Both men start to leave their seats.
"Stay put!" we order simultaneously. "You are to remain in your chairs until we invite you to join us," I continue.
When they comply, Susan and I roll toward each other, embrace, and begin a long sensuous kiss.
"Oh, fuck," I hear Brett murmur. Ken is apparently stunned into silence.
For the next several minutes, Susan and I perform most of the oral and manual manipulations we have been practicing. We caress each other's breasts, suck the nipples, and gently finger fuck each other. Throughout our display we vocalize the pleasurable feelings we are experiencing. Heavy breathing and soft sounds from the men become audible.
During our second sexual encounter, Susan and I learned how to stimulate each other's G-spot. As we employ our new skill and let out sharp cries in response, our husbands make incoherent sounds of arousal. We don't look at them, but we know they are now sporting rock-hard erections. Only Susan and I know that it will be a while before they will be permitted to fuck us.
We have decided to have as many orgasms as possible before inviting the men to join us on the bed, so we push each other over the top with G-spot manipulation. I cum first; Susan follows moments later.
We lay sprawled on the bed with our legs widely splayed while we recover, our pussies on display through the gap in our crotchless panties.
A chair scrapes on the floor.
"Don't move!" I order. The scraping noise ends.
"Oh God," Ken and Brett moan in unison.
When we have recovered, we reach under the pillows to withdraw the bullet vibrators and once again sit propped up against the headboard. Facing our husbands with our legs open wide, we turn on the little machines. Holding one in the palm of my hand, I reach across to cup Susan's pussy. She does the same to me. Within seconds we find a sweet spot near each other's clit and begin the climb to our second orgasm of the evening, one we know from experience will be sensational, all the more so because our husbands are watching.
A little while later, Susan and I are launched into the abyss by the powerful little vibrators and let them fall onto the mattress where they continue to buzz until we gather the strength to shut them off.
When we recover enough to move on with our performance, we slide back down on the mattress. I reverse my position in the bed and spread my legs. Susan opens hers in response. Retrieving our vibrators, we insert one deep in each other's pussies and turn the power back on.
I bury my face between Susan's thighs and insert my tongue in her slit to make contact with her clitoris. A moment later I feel her return the favor. Within seconds, both of us are on fire as the bullets do their work deep inside while lips and tongues take care of our clitoral needs. When I feel her legs begin to tremble in pre-orgasmic spasms, I intensify my efforts, as does Susan.
Our muffled screams announce that we have both just experienced powerful orgasms. The aftershocks continue for an eternity, encouraged by the still-vibrating bullets in our pussies.
I grope around for a controller, find one, and kill the power. It belongs to Susan's vibrator. Mercifully, she finds the other one and my machine stops.
Neither of us moves for a couple of minutes, our husbands momentarily forgotten while we slowly regain control of our bodies. The only sounds in the room are the heavy breathing and soft moans of its four occupants.
I come to life first and once again reverse my position in the bed. Susan feels movement and opens her eyes. We remove the bullets, share a final kiss, and turn our attention to the two fully erect men sitting at the foot of the bed, stunned by what they have just witnessed.
Susan looks at me and smiles. It is time for the final act of the evening.
I point a finger at Ken and motion him forward. Lying beside me, Susan beckons Brett to join her. In a flash, the men have removed our panties and are kneeling between our open thighs.
"Go slowly," I tell them. "We both want this to last a while."
I can feel Ken's cock being positioned at the entrance to my pussy but I am focused on my husband as he eases his hardness into Susan. Both of us let out murmurs of contentment as we are being penetrated.
Ken is supporting most of his body weight on knees and forearms. I want more contact.
"I can handle more weight," I whisper. "I like to be pressed down against the mattress."
"Me too," murmurs Susan.
"Perfect," I declare softly as Ken complies with my wishes and then begins to fuck me very slowly. Susan answers with a small cry of her own when Brett settles in on top of her and begins to move.
Suddenly I am nearly overwhelmed by the intimacy of what we are doing. Brett was about three feet away when Justin was screwing me. Our massage tables were separated by four or five feet during our encounter with Emma and Keith. Now the four of us are fucking side by side, only inches apart.
I keep one hand pressed against Ken's back but reach out with the other to stroke Brett's shoulder. He looks over at me and smiles.
Susan and I have our thighs open wide. Our legs touch as our bodies respond to the gentle thrusts we are enjoying. It is a delicious feeling. I let my hand slide down Brett's back until I reach Susan's inner thigh. He raises his body slightly to accommodate me as I ease my hand under him to cup her pussy with widely spread fingers. I can feel his thick wet cock as he slowly slides it in and out of her body. It is an incredible feeling.
"Stop," I whisper to Ken as I retrieve my hand. "Let's do it spoon-fashion so we can watch."
Ken obediently withdraws and I roll onto my side. My face is no more than a foot from Susan's shoulder. Ken moves into position behind me and reaches around to caress my breasts. I moan with pleasure when he brushes his fingertips across my nipples and pushes his cock back in where it needs to be.
I reach out to fondle Susan's breast. Her nipple is already solidly erect. She lets out a low moan as I softly roll the aroused flesh between my thumb and forefinger. After a moment or so, she takes possession of my hand, raises it to her lips, and begins to suck my fingers. A tingle rises up from somewhere in my body to complement the pleasant feeling between my thighs.
Susan approves of my decision to change positions and watch her being fucked. Releasing my hand, she reaches up to wrap her arms around Brett's shoulders and begins to rock her hips emphatically against his movements. He gets the message and starts to fuck her with faster, heavier strokes. She cries out sharply in response.
Unable to keep my hands to myself, I reach out to touch her cheek and receive a languid smile in return before she looks up into my husband's eyes and matches his thrusts with perfectly timed movements of her own. Ken, obviously watching over my shoulder lets out a low rumble of arousal from deep in his chest and begins to thrust more sharply into me from behind.
"Don't cum yet," I whisper to Susan. She is now highly aroused and approaching orgasm. "You'll want to watch your husband fuck me for a while first."
Brett hears me and backs off to a pace that will maintain Susan's arousal but prevent her from cumming.
I lie there for several minutes, moaning in response to both physical and emotional pleasure I watch my husband fuck the gorgeous little brunette. He is a skillful lover and Susan is clearly enjoying his efforts.
Eventually, I decide I need more physical attention from Ken.
"It's our turn," I announce.
Brett slows to a halt and disengages. Susan rolls to her side with a smile, reaches out to stroke my breast, and moans softly as my husband positions himself behind her back, reenters her, and begins to gently massage her nipples.
Ken has already pulled his cock free and is kneeling on the bed. I roll onto my back and open my thighs to receive him. He wastes no time, thrusting his hardness into my pussy with authority.
"Fuck me hard and fast," I whisper in his ear. "Let's put on a good show for them."
Ken is more than willing to honor my request. I begin to cry out as he slams his cock into my pussy with heavy, thudding strokes. I raise my legs to lock my ankles behind the small of his back and absorb the pounding for a minute or two. I can hear Susan making her own small cries of pleasure as Brett begins to fuck her more forcefully.
Mindful of my advice to Susan about not cumming prematurely, I realize that I am getting too close to the edge. The last thing I want right now is to lose control.
"Stop!" I order. Ken immediately complies but holds his position inside me.
I reach over to take Susan's hand in mine. Her face is flushed and there is a small frown on her brow that tells me she is becoming a little frustrated. Brett is holding her just below the threshold of orgasm.
"Stop," she tells him. "I want to be on top."
"Me too," I announce breathlessly.
We all take a few seconds to reposition our bodies. When our husbands are lying on their backs with their glistening erections pointed at the ceiling, Susan and I exchange smiles and mount each other's husband.
We start moving slowly, but quickly speed up as our need to achieve orgasm takes control. In less than a minute we are both frantically rocking our hips to grind swollen clits into pubic bones that will soon give us the relief we crave.
With a high-pitched wail, I go over the top and then collapse on Ken's chest. As he wraps his arms around me I hear Susan scream out her release and watch her fall forward onto Brett.
All of us remain silent for a minute or two, motionless except for the post-orgasmic tremors that slice through my body and Susan's.
Eventually it dawns on us that neither man has ejaculated.
"I want to kneel while you fuck me," Susan informs Brett. That sounds like a good idea to me.
"Me too," I murmur to Ken.
Once again, the four of us reorient ourselves on the bed. When Susan and I are on our widely-spread knees with our bottoms in the air, the men kneel behind us and slowly push their swollen cocks into our pussies. I know this will be the final act.
As Ken begins to fuck me, I lower my breasts and shoulders to the mattress. Turning my head toward Susan, I see that she has already assumed the same position. We are ready for the vigorous fucking we know we are about to receive. Susan smiles at me and reaches over to take my hand. We will not let go of each other until the end.
The men grasp us by our hips and begin to fuck us very hard. Our cries compete with the heavy sound of colliding bodies as Susan and I swiftly race up the slope toward sensational orgasms.
I let out a shriek as Ken launches me over the top. Seconds later, Brett sends Susan into the abyss. We both sob with pleasure as both men let out primal growls and begin to fill pussies that are clenching rhythmically around pulsing shafts.
Susan falls forward and Brett's cock pulls free, a thin stream of cum dangling from its head. I join her, disengaging from Ken. We are still tightly holding hands.
Brett moves to my side and pulls me into his arms spoon-fashion. Ken does the same with Susan. Our eyes flutter open and we exchange wide smiles. All of our needs for a highly successful foursome have been fulfilled. We are quite proud of ourselves.
We all lie still for several minutes, each lost in thought about what we have just done, comforted by the certainty that we will meet again for another exquisite sexual adventure in the not too distant future.
"Would anyone like a glass of wine?" Brett asks when our breathing has returned to normal.
"I do," I reply.
"Thanks for the offer, but we'll take a rain check," answers Susan. "We're going back to our cabin and fuck ourselves senseless. We'll see you in the morning if we survive," she adds with a grin.
A few minutes later they are gone.
"I'll take that wine now, and then you have to make love to me in accordance with the new rule," I tell him with a smile.
Brett and I are sitting up against the headboard, sipping our wine, when he turns to me.
"Watching you and Susan having sex completely blew my mind," he tells me. "Not to mention watching Ken fuck you."
"Good. I like to blow your mind, and I've wanted to watch you fuck Susan since I first saw her in that video with the Marshalls. Now set your glass aside and make love to me."
****
We all drive into town for breakfast. Nikki informs us that we'll have an edited video of our performance within a couple of days. As we finish our last cup of coffee, Justin turns to face the four of us.
"I think you folks may have let a genie out of the bottle," he begins. "Last night Nikki told me what you were doing and then she confessed to having an interest in trying girl-on-girl sex. I encouraged her to do so. I don't know exactly where this will lead, but I suspect that everything is going to get a lot more interesting in the future."
"Prepare to have your mind blown if you get to watch anything like the performance Ken and I witnessed last night," Brett says.
"Susan and Lisa told us they had been having sex, but they also informed us we would never be allowed to watch. It was the last thing I expected and it was an incredible turn on," Ken adds.
"I wish I had been there," Justin announces a little wistfully.
"You'll get your chance soon enough," Nikki tells him with a little smile as she rises to her feet and retrieves her jacket and scarf.
After hugs and handshakes all around, we retreat to the parking lot where Nikki, Susan, and I huddle briefly and then join our husbands.
****
As usual, Brett and I are mostly quiet on the way home, each lost in our own thoughts as we mentally review last night's activities.
When we stop for lunch, I get Brett's attention.
"Last night after Justin dragged you guys off to shoot pool, we told Nikki what we were about to do. This morning she told us she called Emma last night and got an enthusiastic response. She'll call Amber today."
"If they all agree to give it a try, three will be an odd number," Brett offers.
"They'll work it out."
"So what do you think we should do next?" Brett asks.
"Well, we haven't had a planned encounter with Amber and Derek. What we did with the entire group that Saturday was fun, but our coupling with the Marshalls was sort of superficial. I think our next foursome should be with them. And since Susan and I were responsible for this weekend, you and Derek will be up to bat next if that's what we end up doing."
"I agree, but I don't know how we'll measure up to last night. You and Susan set the bar pretty high."
"I'm sure you'll come up with something," I tell him with a mischievous grin as I reach over and give his cock a playful squeeze.
Nikki's edited video arrives on Tuesday. Based on our previous experience with her work, we have a light evening meal and then settle in to watch the show, both of us scantily clad and prepared for sex. Watching myself perform with Susan is a huge turn on, as is watching the guys doing us afterwards. When the video ends, Brett and I fuck ourselves into exhaustion.
*****
To be continued...maybe.
I encourage readers to vote and comment. Constructive thoughts, suggestions, and criticisms are always appreciated. If you prefer to provide feedback privately, I answer all e-mails.