Students Rule I
Chapter 5- Sex Ed, Student Style
It was another beautiful California day, just 2 or 3 weeks before the end of the school year. It had been 5 days since Ross Moran had assisted Suzie Connors in exacting her revenge on Ms. Virginia Lee, school Vice-Principal. Since that night, Ms. Lee had had no contact from either Ross or Suzie. On the few occasions when she'd seen them in the hallways, only Suzie had smiled at her. Ross had acted like she didn't even exist. Nevertheless, she knew it was only a matter of time before one or both of them would call on her again.
That call came at the start of the lunch period when Connie, one of the office assistants, poked her head into Ms. Lee's office.
"Miss Connors is here to see you."
Virginia lifted her head and raised her eyebrows slightly. "Miss Connors?" she questioned out loud. "Send her in," she said in her deep, southern accent.
A moment later Suzie rounded the corner and entered the office, closing the door behind her. She moved confidently behind Ms. Lee's chair and rested her hands on the Vice-Principal's shoulders.
"Bet you didn't expect to see me in here, did you, Virginia?" she said as she lightly squeezed her shoulders.
"No, ma'am," Ms. Lee responded automatically, slipping easily into the submissive roll she had only recently adopted.
Suzie allowed her hands to trail lightly over Ms. Lee's shoulders, stopping just above her breasts before sliding them back up. "I couldn't help myself," she said whimsically. "I really wanted to see you again."
And then she spun the Vice-Principal's chair around so it was facing away from the desk and eased herself down until she was perched sideways on Ms. Lee's lap. She reached out, brushed away some stray strands of hair and wrapped her arms around Virginia's neck.
"This is nice," she teased. "Don't you think?"
"Yes, ma'am."
"Yes ma'am, no ma'am," Suzie mocked. "So formal!" And then she leaned in and kissed Ms. Lee on the top of her head. "You don't need to be formal with me, Virginia -- at least not when it's just us girls.
"And speaking of us girls," she continued, "the other night was really awesome, wasn't it?"
"Yes, ma'am," Virginia answered automatically before catching herself. "I mean yes, it was."
Suzie smiled at the older woman. "We'll do it again sometime." It wasn't a question -- it wasn't even a request. It was a simple statement of fact and Ms. Lee knew it. The truth of the matter was -- because of certain pictures that Ross was in possession of -- the Vice-Principal was under not only his control, but also the control of anyone else he so indicated. And Suzie had been so indicated.
And then Suzie leapt to her feet. "Well, I just wanted to say hi," she beamed as she turned and headed for the door. She opened the door, started out, and then stopped cold.
"I almost forgot," she said, feigning absent-mindedness. "I'm supposed to give you this." She pulled a piece of paper from her pocket and tossed it onto Ms. Lee's deck.
"See ya," she said before Virginia had time to unfold the paper. An instant later, she was gone.
Nervously, Ms. Lee unfolded the piece of paper. It was a short, cryptic note. But its meaning was unmistakable.
'Room 229, 6:00 P.M.,' was all it said.
* * *
It was 5:57 P.M. when Ms. Lee left her office and began the two-minute walk through the deserted school. The classroom was located on the 2nd floor in the back of the building, very much off the beaten path. For that small detail, the Vice-Principal was most grateful. After all, she may not have known exactly what was in store for her, but she did have a pretty good idea what would happen if the wrong people were to walk in uninvited.
When she reached the room, the door was closed. She looked quickly up and down the hallway before knocking lightly on the door. A moment later, Ross opened the door.
"Turn around," he ordered immediately.
Still in the hallway, she did as instructed. The next thing she knew, darkness fell as he pulled a blindfold across her eyes and tied it tightly behind her head.
He then took her shoulders, turned her around and guided her into the classroom. Once they were 3 or 4 steps into the room, he released her and stepped aside.
It was your typical classroom, pretty much like any other. Its individual desks and chairs were lined up in 5 neat rows, with a large teacher's desk occupying the front of the room. Off to the side of the front desk was a 3 by 6-foot table, empty save for a large beach towel spread out on top of it. And in a strategic location off to one side of the room, a video camera rested atop a tripod. But with her blindfold securely in place, Ms. Lee could see none of that.
Nor could she see the 5 people in the room besides Ross - 4 boys and Suzie Connors. The 4 boys -- Tommy, Pete, Randy and Brian, all of whom had previously been on the wrong end of Ms. Lee's paddle -- were perched atop desks at the front of the room, while Ross was leaning against the wall. Suzie stood beside the teacher's desk.
A deathly hush filled the room as all eyes turned to Ms. Lee.
For her part, the Vice-Principal stood quietly -- blindfolded and alone -- right where Ross had left her. To say she was scared would be an understatement, yet she made no move to escape her fate. Nervously, her mind reviewed the situation. She was in a classroom, obviously the star of whatever show was about to begin. It was a given that there were others in the room besides her and Ross. At least Suzie, she figured, but how many more? And just what were they going to do? For a brief moment she thought about ripping off the blindfold and racing for the door. But she quickly dismissed the notion. After all, as terrified as she was, there was absolutely no place on earth she'd rather be.
After a moment, Ross broke the silence. "Thanks for coming, Ginny," he said as he took a seat atop one of the desks. "Suzie will be in charge this afternoon. You are to obey her as you would me. Understand?"
"Yes, sir," Virginia answered immediately.
She heard the sound of someone moving, and then she heard Suzie's voice. "Virginia, come over here, please."
Ms. Lee hesitated before answering. "Yes, ma'am," she answered finally, and she began making her way slowly towards the voice. After several uncertain steps with her hands extended in front of her, she felt Suzie's arm. She took one step closer and stopped, waiting for further instructions.
At this point the boys were in a state of shock. Sure, Ross had told them that the Vice-Principal would come. He'd even told them that she'd be putty in his hands. But he hadn't told them the details of the hold he had over her, so naturally they'd been a bit skeptical. Yet there she stood, blindfolded and submissive -- and doing everything Ross and Suzie ordered.
Now the boys were beginning to look at Ms. Lee in a different light. Instead of seeing the Vice-Principal, they saw an attractive, blindfolded woman dressed in a conservative black dress and smoky black nylons. Suddenly, the boys were beginning to believe, and they couldn't wait for the rest of the show to unfold.
Without further fanfare, Suzie began. "Guys, this is a woman," she said, waving her hand towards Ms. Lee.
Suzie's eyes switched rapidly between the Vice-Principal and the guys as she struggled to control her own nerves. Before last Friday, she would never have considered what she was about to do. But that night something had changed. She was already a bit on the loose side -- generally preferring guys but not at all averse to girls. But before that eventful Friday night, sex with her had been a private thing -- a one on one relationship with her partner, not part of some elaborate stage production. That Friday night, as she exacted her revenge on the Vice-Principal, her life was changed in ways she could never undo. With Ross's help, she had taken her prey from embarrassment to humiliation to degradation to mind-blowing orgasm. It was without doubt the most erotic thing that had ever happened to her, and she could not possibly pass up the opportunity for a repeat performance.
"At the request of your girlfriends," she continued, "I'm going to show you how she works."
Ms. Lee heard a soft chuckle in one direction, and a shuffling noise in another. Two different noises from two different people, she thought. The noises did not come from Suzie, and she was pretty sure that they hadn't come from Ross. That meant there were at least 4 people in the room, counting Ross and Suzie. But how many more?
"I'm going to show you her erogenous zones, what turns her off and -- more importantly -- what turns her on. But first, if there's no objection from Ms. Lee, we'll need to remove some of her clothing."
Suzie paused momentarily, waiting for the objection she knew wasn't coming. After allowing a brief moment to pass, she stepped behind Ms. Lee, slid the zipper down the back of her dress and pushed it off her shoulders.
The Vice-Principal held her position as the dress slid down her body, very much aware that all eyes -- however many there really were -- were now on her now scantily clad form.
In point of fact, she was right. The boys were sitting on the edge of their desks, unable to take their eyes off Virginia Lee's body. They drank in the black, lacy bra that was very flattering to a pair of tits that seemed to struggle to escape their confines. They stared at the black thong that was barely large enough to cover her privates. And they marveled at the long legs, made even longer by the high-heeled shoes and smoky thigh-high nylons.
Ms. Lee heard Suzie moving around her. Then she sensed her kneeling down in front of her. Finally, she felt her hands touching her right ankle. "Lift your foot," she ordered. She complied immediately, reaching out to Suzie's head for support as her dress was slid away. The process was repeated with the left foot.
"Would somebody fold this," she heard Suzie ask. "We wouldn't want to get her dress all wrinkly, would we?" The Vice-Principal heard enough chuckles to know that there were more than just 4 people in the room, although not many more. And then she heard someone stand up, move towards her, pause, and move away again.
After a moment Suzie's hands were once again reaching for her right foot. "Lift you foot." She complied, once again holding Suzie's head for balance, and the shoe was slid from her foot. A moment later she was standing in her stocking feet.
And then she felt two hands sliding up her legs, sending out tingling sensations as they went. When the hands reached the top of the nylons they stopped, hooked the thumbs under the top edge, and began carefully sliding them down her legs. After the process was repeated on the second leg, she again raised her legs, one at a time, and the hosiery was slid from her feet.
She heard a rustling as Suzie rose to her feet and stepped to the side.
"Okay," she heard Suzie begin. "When you're trying to make time with your honey, there are several areas you should be aware of. Now I'll warn you in advance, not all areas are equal, and not all women will respond similarly to your attentions. The main point is to take your time and pay attention to the signals your girl is giving off.
"Let's start from the shoulders up," Suzie continued. "A woman's lips, ears, neck and even shoulders can be hot spots. Try rubbing her earlobes gently between your fingers. And don't forget to kiss. I'll tell you this - most guys don't kiss enough. We girls love to kiss, so make sure you don't short change us. And change your intensity a little. Kiss us hard, then soft. And kiss us all over, not just on the lips.
"I'll give you another hint. If you're looking for an invitation to come inside at the end of a date, don't just give her your standard goodnight kiss, let your lips wander to her ears and her neck. And remember, it's all right to be a little playful, but forget about the hickies, okay?"
Suzie paused for a moment, surveying the group. "Now, are any of you man enough to step up here and give it a try?" she asked.
For a moment, there was only silence. "I will," a voice finally called out. Ms. Lee instantly recognized the voice -- Tommy Morrison -- a veteran of three encounters with the Vice-Principal's paddle. Maybe not the toughest guy in school, but a young man who definitely knew how to take care of himself.
There was the unmistakable sound of a table moving and someone crossing the floor. A moment later he grabbed her shoulders, pulled her against his body, and pressed his lips to hers. She was surprised by his aggressiveness, expecting him to be a little reluctant -- at least initially. But young Mr. Morrison was anything but reluctant as he kissed her hard and held her firmly against his body.
"No, no, no," Suzie broke in, pulling the young man away from Ms. Lee. After a moment, she continued. "It's true that some women like it rough. In fact, it's even true that Ms. Lee likes it rough. But I'm showing you what most women want, not just what sex starved women like our Vice-Principal want." There was general laughter at this comment. "Understand?
"Okay, let's try it again. This time, try holding the back of her neck softly while you kiss her and go from there."
This time it was different. This time he took her with a tender touch, running his fingers gently over her neck as he pecked lightly on her lips. And then his lips left hers, breaking away to visit her cheeks and nibble gently on her ear lobes. And as his hands slid over her shoulders to her arms, his lips moved to the back of her neck, and she could feel her legs beginning to wobble as she let herself melt into his arms.
And when his lips finally returned to hers, she threw herself at him, shoving her tongue deep into his mouth as she went after him hungrily.
But they weren't allowed to continue as Suzie stepped forward and pulled them apart. It was a dazed and horny woman that stood alone in the middle of the room, only vaguely aware that Suzie had moved behind her to unhook her bra, and that even now it was sliding down her arms to the floor.
It wasn't, in fact, until she felt Suzie snuggle up and reach around her body to grab hold of her breasts, that she realized that the only thing separating her from total nudity in front of her students was the tiniest of thongs.
But as she felt Suzie running her fingertips gently over her breasts, she knew that she really didn't care.
"These are breasts," Suzie said as she continued to fondle Ms. Lee's tits. "And as you can see, they are very beautiful breasts. As I'm sure you know, they're also a hot area for most women. The mistake guys most often make here is that they go after them too soon, or too rough. Take it easy on her nipples until they're hard. And make sure to play with the entire breast, especially the underside. You'd be surprised how sensitive that is."
Suzie released the breasts, licked her fingertips, and returned, this time taking the nipples between her fingers and twirling them softly. And everyone in the room heard the moan that escaped the Vice-Principal's lips as she eased herself back against Suzie. "Many women want you to play a little rougher here, but start out tenderly and take your hints from her." She was silent for a moment as she twirled Ms. Lee's nipples and pulled them lightly.
"Now who wants to try this?" she finally asked.
Immediately, the sound of several voices echoed throughout the room, and Ms. Lee was able to come up with two more names -- Pete Dalton and Randy Crenshaw. She'd waxed Pete's rear end twice before, Randy's once. She'd heard one other voice besides theirs, but was unable to place it.
"Sit down, Tommy, and give someone else a try," Suzie said. "Pete, how 'bout you?"
A mixture of responses filled the room before Ms. Lee felt the young man's presence in front of her. A moment later his young hands were tentatively touching the sides of her breasts.
At first his nervousness was obvious, but his movements gradually became more confident, bolder, as she let off tiny moans of encouragement. His fingers circled her tits slowly in ever decreasing circles, creeping ever nearer to her areolas and nipples. And when he finally reached them, he took the nipples between his fingertips and pulled gently, eliciting yet another soft moan from Ms. Lee.
"I'd judge by her moaning that she might like it a bit rougher," Suzie said. "Why don't you see how far she'll go, Pete. And before you finish, make sure you kiss them a bit -- maybe even nibble on them."
That was all the encouragement Pete needed as he immediately abandoned the nipples, took a breast firmly in each hand and squeezed.
"Yes!" Ms. Lee groaned, reaching out to grab his head and pull it towards her orbs. Pete knew what she wanted, and was only too willing to oblige, taking her left nipple in his mouth and biting down on it while he continued to squeeze and fondle her. He switched to the other nipple, making sure his attentions were equally divided, while she ran her fingers through his hair and held him close.
Ms. Lee was so engrossed in Pete's ministrations that she never felt Suzie pulling the thongs over her hips and sliding them to the floor. But she did feel a new set of male hands grab hold of her derriere. And suddenly her pleasure was coming from two directions and her head was beginning to spin.
The attack on her sanity continued for several more minutes, not stopping until the boy behind her slid his fingers between her thighs and against her pussy lips. For one brief moment, she thought she'd get her relief, but Suzie interrupted immediately, pulling the bodies apart.
The totally naked Vice-Principal stood there, gasping for breath. She felt Suzie take her arm and lead her across the room, before turning her around.
"Sit down," she whispered softly. Ms. Lee reached behind her, felt the table with the beach towel on top of it, and eased her bottom onto it. She felt Suzie easing her down until she lay prone on the tabletop with her legs dangling over the edge.
For a moment there was only the sound of Suzie scurrying about. And then something soft and silky -- her nylon -- slid around one wrist and was tied in a knot. The process was repeated for the other wrist. Next, she felt a soft pressure pulling on her arms as they were spread wide above her head and tied to the table legs. Finally, she felt Suzie's hands on her thighs, spreading her legs wide so she was on full display.
"Why don't you guys come over here so you can get a good look," she heard Suzie say as she lay there, helpless and horny.
After everyone had repositioned themselves around Ms. Lee's table, Suzie continued. "Next, we're going to cover the lower body." Suzie took hold of Ginny's right foot, lifted it with one hand until the leg was fully extended and began massaging the foot gently with the other hand.
"Most women like it when you caress and massage their feet. Some even like it when you nibble on their toes. But be careful not to overdo the tickling." She worked Ms. Lee's foot for a moment before sliding the hand under her calf and up to her knee.
"When she's lying on her stomach, you can nibble on the back of her knee. But again, be sure to be gentle." And then she moved to the outside of Ms. Lee's leg and, with one hand still supporting her foot, slid the other hand up until it was dancing lightly across the inside of her thigh.
"And as you can imagine, her inner thigh is a very erotic spot." And they could all see the Vice-Principal squirming on the tabletop as Suzie gently played with her inner thigh.
After a moment, she looked towards the guys. "I'd let you try this, but I'm sure you'd rather get to the good stuff." Then she turned to Ross. "Ross, would you mind standing behind her head and holding her legs so we can all get a really good look at her?"
"Sure thing," Ross answered. He moved across the room quickly while Suzie repositioned herself between Ms. Lee's legs. Once he was in position above Ms. Lee's head, Suzie grabbed the Vice-Principal's other foot and lifted it up, pushing both legs back until Ross took hold of them. A moment later, Ms. Lee's knees were hovering over the outsides of her shoulders with her pussy and asshole on full display.
Suzie was silent for a moment as the guys drank in the scene before them. "We've spread her out like this to demonstrate a point," she continued. "Everything between her thighs -- whether it's her pussy, her clit, her asshole, or even the skin between her pussy and asshole -- is potentially a very sensitive area for her.
"Now I hope you're all aware of how sensitive her pussy is, but don't forget to pay attention to the other areas. Take the ass, for example," she said as she jammed her finger deep into Ms. Lee's ass, causing the captive woman to jump noticeably as she let out an audible gasp. "The ass is an area that many women are afraid to talk about. But the truth is, it can be a very erotic place, made all the more exciting by its forbidden nature. Don't be afraid to pursue this area, but keep in mind that your girl may need a lot of coaxing. And be gentle, for this is an area where a little gentleness at first can reap big rewards later."
A silent hush filled the room, as all eyes were glued to Suzie's finger as it continued to work the insides of Ms. Lee's ass, while the obviously excited older woman squirmed and moaned atop the table.
Finally, Suzie withdrew her finger, leaned forward and touched the soiled digit to the Vice-Principal's lips. Obediently, the lips opened up to accept the finger, not releasing it until it was once again clean.
A gasp of surprise -- or was it shock -- came from one of the boy's, but Virginia never heard it.
"And then there's her clit, which is located here," she said as she pulled back the hood to reveal the excited bulb. "Before getting too serious in this area, however, you should make sure your partner is adequately excited." Suzie turned her head towards the guys. "How can you tell when she's excited?"
There was a moment of awkward silence as the guys looked around nervously. Finally, someone spoke up. "When she's wet."
Even in her dazed and excited state, Ms. Lee's mind was still alert enough to recognize the final voice -- Brian Turner. And the cast of characters was now complete, with Tommy, Pete, Randy and Brian comprising the players in Ross and Suzie's erotic creation -- a game where everybody won and she was the grand prize.
"Very good," Suzie said with a bit of sarcasm. And when she slid the index finger from her free hand into Ginny's pussy, the captive woman gasped as her body jumped on the table. For several long moments the boys watched, completely entranced, while Suzie's finger took Ms. Lee to the very brink of orgasm.
But before she allowed the desperate woman to achieve her release, Suzie withdrew her fingers, to the obvious consternation of her prey, and turned to face the boys. "Observe," she said simply, and turned back to Ms. Lee.
She reached between the legs that Ross was holding over her shoulders, placed her hands on her stomach and slid them up to her breasts. She ran her fingers lightly over the soft orbs and spoke softly. "Do you like what I'm doing?"
"Oh yes," came the guttural reply.
"Do you want me to continue?" she asked as she took her nipples between her fingertips and rolled them gently, eliciting a soft moan from Ms. Lee.
"I didn't hear you. Maybe I should stop now."
"No!" came the sudden reply, part begging and part groan. "Don't stop!"
By now Ms. Lee was a complete basket case, reduced to little more than a mound of frustrated emotions. Self respect was the furthest thing from her mind. The only thing that truly mattered now was her release. And she didn't care what she had to do to get it.
"Please," she said in almost a whisper. "Please don't stop."
"I don't know," Suzie said as she dragged her fingers off of her breasts and over her stomach, ultimately sliding onto her inner thighs.
"Please!" she whined. This time there was an obvious desperation in her voice, a desperation that Suzie and the boys all heard. But she didn't care.
"Please," she begged again, this time in a voice Suzie had to strain to hear.
With her fingertips drawing soft little circles on Ms. Lee's thighs, Suzie turned her head to the boys. "It's up to you," she said. "Should I?"
It took a second, but finally Pete nodded his head. "Yes," he responded, his voice shaking. And then one by one, the other boys nodded their heads in agreement.
Finally, Suzie turned to Ross and smiled, before sliding the index finger from her right hand into Ms. Lee's pussy while she lowered her mouth to her love button.
"Oh yes," Virginia gasped, her body jerking as the lips touched her button. And soon her mind was lost in that wonderful, delirious fog as the finger worked her pussy while the lips and tongue alternated their attentions on her clit.
A moment later that wonderful feeling washed over her body as she began to shake in orgasmic ecstasy. And before the first wave had completely passed, the second was upon her, as she cried out in pleasure, totally lost in the moment.
* * *
Ms. Lee lay on the table panting, trying to gather herself. The blindfold was still on and her hands were still tied to the table legs. She'd just been royally fucked, of that she was certain. Beyond that, however, the facts were a bit fuzzy. She was pretty sure that all the new guys had had her at least once. She recalled that some of them had been a bit over anxious -- one of the perils of being a young man, she thought with a little smile. But even so, Suzie had taken her to such a state that, even with a quick ejaculation or two, she was more than able to hold her own.
As her mind cleared, she became aware of people scurrying around her. She heard the sound of the classroom door swinging open, only to close again a moment later. And then she sensed, rather than felt, a presence at her head and at her feet. She lay quietly and waited.
When the fingertips touched her cheeks, she knew instantly that they were Suzie's fingers. And that almost certainly meant that the presence by her feet was Ross. She allowed a smile to creep across her face.
These two were the special ones. The others -- and any others that might yet enter the game -- were okay, but Suzie and Ross were special. Ross, after all, was the one who started this whole game. He was the one who'd ripped her from her former life, a life where she was the dominant personality, and established her in her new, submissive lifestyle. And then there was Suzie, the first -- and only -- woman she'd ever been with.
She waited some more, while Suzie's fingers trickled down the underside of her extended right arm. She thought of how it'd been with Ross, of how he'd teased and pleasured her, but always withheld that which she wanted most -- his cock in her pussy. Until their last encounter, that is, when he'd taken her from behind while she was eating Suzie's pussy.
But Virginia wanted more than that. She wanted to see him while he fucked her, to wrap her arms around him while he pummeled her pussy. But when she felt his hands touching her thighs and spreading them apart gently, she realized that, once again, she wasn't going to get him the way she so desperately wanted. And as his hands slid up her thighs and homed in on the center of her womanhood, she heard herself moan. Soon, his fingers were sliding into her pussy and lust was once again laying claim to her body.
Ross worked her slowly, working the fingers of his right hand around the inside of her pussy as he slid them in and out. With his left hand, he unsheathed her button, allowing his right thumb to brush against it while his fingers continued their assault on her pussy. He could tell he was having an affect as he watched her squirming about on the table.
Without warning, he withdrew his fingers. He waited for a moment, watching as his victim reached out for him with her pussy in a futile attempt to recapture the pleasure. And then he placed the tip of his cock against her pussy, rubbing it teasingly but not yet sliding it home.
"Please!" Ms. Lee pleaded. But Ross only smiled as he listened to the desperation in her voice, all while still rubbing his cock against her pussy as she squirmed beneath him.
Then, without further warning, he rammed it home, sending shivers up Ms. Lee's spine as she gasped and nearly jumped off the table. For a moment, the Vice-Principal was in heaven, rocking across the table while her master pounded her pussy.
But the moment was fleeting as his wonderful tool was withdrawn all too soon. She felt his hands move to her legs, lifting them up and back until they neared her head, where they were taken by Suzie, who held them steady above her shoulders. Once again, her most private parts were on full display.
For a long moment, nothing happened. Then, just when her desperation was peaking, she felt his cock at the entrance to her forbidden hole.
"Oh, yes," she gasped. "Fuck me in the ass!"
A moment later, she felt him pressing himself into her dark tunnel with small, yet forceful pushes, each assault becoming a bit more forceful than the last as he moved deeper and deeper into her.
Soon, he was filling her completely, slowly pumping in, then out, then in again, establishing a steady rhythm that carried her closer and closer to the brink. Soon the rhythm picked up, moving steadily faster as he pounded her against the table.
When she came, her scream was so loud that Suzie had to clamp down on her mouth to muffle the noise. Her body shook as she pulled against her restraints, still screaming into Suzie's hand. And then Ross withdrew his cock and began shooting his cum all over her stomach and chest until he, too, surrendered to his orgasm and collapsed onto the table beside her.
* * *
How long she lay there, Ms. Lee couldn't say. She finally stirred when she heard some commotion around her. As before, the noise she heard was the ruffling of clothes as someone got dressed. The next noise was that of the door as it opened and closed.
The footsteps that crossed the room were light and soft. Suzie's. As before, Suzie took her position at Virginia's head. Only this time, she turned her captive's head to the side and untied the blindfold.
It took a moment for her vision to clear. When it finally did, Ms. Lee saw the face of Suzie Connors standing above her.
"You're a mess," Suzie said with a wry smile. "Let me clean you up."
She moved around the table, moving to the teacher's desk to collect a box of tissue. She made her way back to Ms. Lee, taking up position by the still bound woman's feet and began wiping Ross's sperm off of her body.
"Some of it's dried," Suzie said almost nonchalantly as she tried to clean her up.
"There," she said at last. "It's not perfect, but it'll have to do until I can get you into a shower."
At the last comment, Ms. Lee's eyes perked up noticeably, eliciting a smile and a small chuckle from Suzie. Suzie slid her hands up to Ms. Lee's breasts, allowing them to lightly circle the rising and falling mounds. "You didn't think I was going to go through all this and not get mine, did you?"
The Vice-Principal shook her head and smiled, still not quite recovered from her most recent ordeal.
"But not here," Suzie said as she moved around the table and untied first one arm, then the other.
She took Ms. Lee's hands and helped her to her feet. "Let's get you dressed so we can get out of here."