Marietta finished recording the video. Sonya just sat there in the glow of her orgasm with a smile on her face. Marietta took this time to finish loading the rest of Sonya's clothes in the car. She quietly tucked in a sun dress and a pair of flats in Sonya's car. Another set of flats she placed in the passenger's seat of her car. Sonya's apartment long contained any significant covering besides the blinds on the windows.
"Ok naked girl. Time to get rid of all your clothes!" Marietta figured that would snap Sonya out of her orgasm trance.
"Ok!" Sonya said, raising herself up off the ground. She had grit on her butt.
Marietta took notice. "Hey, you got dust on your butt come here!" Marietta smacked Sonya's ass to get rid of the grit. Nothing should be on this naked woman's skin after all.
"I'm going to the laundromat first. I'll walk in, start a load of laundry and leave a note on the washer saying they are free," Marietta said.
"If that's all you are going to do, let me do it!" Sonya said.
"You're naked."
"Yeah! I know!"
"There are cameras in there."
Sonya produced shades and a ball cap. "Problem solved she said."
"I thought you didn't do clothes," Marietta replied with a grin.
"I don't do clothes, but I don't want to get caught just yet. I would LOVE for others to see my body though. Good or bad, I'm nude," Sonya said. She started rubbing her pussy.
"Well, don't cum before we get there, and please don't masturbate in front of the customers. It is Sunday after all."
Sonya giggled. "I'm gonna blow their minds and I love the idea!"
The drive to the laundromat was uneventful. The naked woman moisturized her skin one more time to ensure she looked her best for her naked show. Sonya protested about wearing shoes, but Marietta insisted. Reluctantly the mostly naked woman was ready for her major exhibition.
Once Marietta pulled into the parking lot, there were not many cars in the lot. Inside they could see a handful of people, but just enough to have an audience. Both women scanned intently to make sure there were no children. Sonya and Marietta had agreed not to corrupt young minds.
"Ok. I'm ready," Sonya said. She took a deep breath got out the car in her hat, shades, and shoes. The intent was to hide some of her identity from the security cameras. She walked to the back and popped the trunk. Her purse was full of quarters making a jingle sound. She found the bag of dirty clothes in the back of the SUV. She bent over at her hips to make sure any passing cars could see her ass and maybe even her pussy. One or two cars passed by but no one really noticed the naked woman because of the distance from the road.
Bag in hand, she walked into the laundromat. Inside were 2 couples, a single woman, and an older gentleman. Within seconds she was noticed. Everyone stopped and stared. Sonya had a smile on her face greeting them with a hello. The gentleman waved with a smile. The old woman stared in shock with her mouth open gasping. The two couples that were there, the men did everything they could to avert their gaze for fear of wrath from their partner. One woman finally said something.
"What are you doing?" She asked with a dismissive tone. She also had a fit frame and spoke with confidence.
Sonya replied back "Putting these clothes in the washing machine," She looked the woman in the eye with a smile on her face projecting the same confidence but warm and friendly.
"Did you run out of clothes to wear today?" The woman replied with a stern look.
"Actually, no I didn't run out of clothes in fact I'm getting rid of all my clothes today." Sonya made no attempt to cover her body she stood with good posture facing the woman staying calm. Sonya knew she would get opposition it was up to hear to make sure situations did not escalate.
"Are you serious!? You can't just go everywhere naked. What if someone calls the police?"
"So far, I have chosen where to go and who I expose myself too. This was supposed to be a short trip here and out. I'm not staying here to do laundry. These are my dirty clothes that I could not give away just yet. In fact, as soon as I start the washer, I'm leaving since I'm not coming back for these clothes. If Anyone wants them all they have to is dry them."
"Lady, do you hear yourself right now?" The woman was not amused at all. "You come up here making up this story about getting rid of clothes saying you are just washing these out of the goodness of your heart for someone else? Really? Also this mess about giving up your clothes? I don't believe it. You are probably getting off on doing this whole naked thing!"
Sonya realized there was no reasoning with this woman. It's obvious her conversation or politeness would get her nowhere. As if on cue, her clit began to rise and her nipples got harder. She decided to grab her change and start the load. Luckily the cheapest option was only $3. She didn't bother with soap.
Still speaking with poise and confidence, Sonya replied "Ok, I'll get out of here so you won't have to deal with me anymore. What I am doing and what I have said is true. Also, yes I greatly enjoy what I'm doing so I'm not going to lie about that either." Sony turned her back to the woman who was getting more agitated while she put her quarters in the machine. For the first time since she began her naked lifestyle she was a little nervous about what would happen next.
The older gentleman spoke up in soft spoken but firm tone. "The naked lady isn't bothering anyone. She might have shocked us all, but I say let her pay the machine and leave."
The fit woman who was talking to Sonya was pulling at her boyfriend. He had grabbed her to keep her from getting close to the naked woman. He also was mindful of the boner he had looking at Sonya's fit goddess body and was planning his escape to the restroom before his girlfriend noticed. The woman was livid after the man spoke. Sonya quickly started the machine, thew the bag in the trash, thanked the gentleman and said goodbye to the woman desperately trying to break free. The gentleman stood up to open the door for her. His eyes darted around her body but he tried his best to maintain eye contact.
Sonya hopped into the car. "Go go go!" Sonya said. Marietta did not hesitate handling the lumbering vehicle with ease. She made a mental note not to come down this street for a while for any reason. Sonya started to play in her pussy again despite the events that had occurred.
"I take it things didn't go as expected?"
"Not at all Marie. That woman kept getting more and more angry no matter what I said to her. She just wasn't having it. She had such a nice body. Too bad she had clothes on," Sonya sighed. Sonya's hand continued to twirl in her pussy. Masturbation was beginning to be as casual as conversation. Marietta took note of this.
"Yeah I saw through the window," Marietta said. "But I also saw her man working pretty hard to hold her back. Had she broke loose, I would have come in. I was also recording you. I have to document as much as I can right? That was some pretty bold stuff! Maybe next time I should just go ahead first to make sure before you go barging in shocking people with your nakedness. You know folks are up tight about breaking this kind of taboo even though they won't admit immediately how sexy you are."
"Yeah, but I had to try", Sonya replied. "For what it was, it was fun getting reactions. I still got very turned on. My clit is just a dead giveaway and with me being completely shaved its out there for all to see." Marietta could hear how wet Sonya's pussy was over the road noise. Sonya continued to diddle her clit. "Hopefully we will find a clothing bank or something that is a little out of the way so I can unload the car. We only have a few bags after all. I want to get naked in public again."
"But you are naked in public now, right?" Marietta chuckled. "You have been naked all weekend with no chance of getting dressed. Now we are driving around town getting rid of what clothing you have left. I consider that pretty public."
"The car is so easy though," Sonya said. "No one notices. It just like I'm in the living room naked at home. I love seeing the sun and the eyes on my body. It's just hard to navigate situations when people get worked up is all. However to my credit, this was my first negative reaction. But I loved everyone watching me."
Parts of old Sonya was still in there. That's what Marietta enjoyed most about old Sonya. She was calm and calculated when she wasn't an emotional wreck. It seems all her problem solving and reasoning has been focused on permanent nakedness in a world that requires clothes by law. Sonya was aware of the taboos but the urge to be totally nude and enjoying every moment and thrill overwhelmed her. Sonya has gently bucking her hand. Marietta made a note to place an online order for toys so Sonya will be more comfortable. The naked goddess had taken off her shoes again. Marietta felt tempted to also pull her pants down and play with her pussy as well.
Marietta pulled up to a clothing bank in a parking lot. It was about 1pm in the daytime. However it was a short distance form most things. In the distance was a gas station and on the other side there was a drive-thru. "Do you want to unload the car here? Marietta asked. "Looks good," Sonya replied. I think the box is big enough to hold all the bags of clothes." She reluctantly put on shoes, but the warm asphalt as well as the potential for glass made her think otherwise. The sensation of any clothing was still quite uncomfortable but the feeling on her feet was tolerable.
The two woman casually went about the task of unloading the car. About 5 bags total. Sonya did not remain unnoticed. Quite a few looks from people in the neighboring drive-thru a few whistles and cat calls but overall, no known negative reaction. They were about 50 yards away but we all know that men are keen eyed creatures. Sonya's rock hard clit led the way the whole time. She waved at the onlookers. Some waved back even though there were pretty far away. The whole event took about 2 minutes and the women left the area. Sonya felt liberated to be totally free of clothing.
"I feel like a weight has been lifted off of me! Let's find a park so I can cum in public!!" Marietta blinked a little bit that Sonya was so forward about her exhibitionism now. However, she knew of the perfect place outside of town. Checking her gauges, she needed gas though.
"Well my naked friend, I know the perfect place. But first we need to get gas."
"I'll do the pump!"
"No not this go round. Too many people, potentially children and lots of cameras," Marietta replied sternly. "But you can open the door and play with your pussy for exposure. The pumps should hide you from most people while you play in your pussy outside..in..public."
Those last 3 words made Sonya's pussy swell in response. Her breathing deeper.
"Yessss perfect compromise," Sonya said. She was officially a naked goddess a diehard exhibitionist and a chronic masturbator. Marietta loved Sonya's loss of control. Sonya had to control herself so she wouldn't cum again.