"Last call! Everybody pay your tabs and get out!" the bartender yells good-naturedly. The waiter comes over and drops the check and I hurriedly hand him my credit card. He thanks me and takes it, but not before taking one final look at your body. Not that I blame him. You're wearing that outfit I love: a white blouse that shows off your tight body and a short black skirt. Maybe a bit too short to be appropriate, but you know I like it when you show off a bit. You're a fairly conservative dresser most of the time, proper even. Tonight, however, seems to be my lucky night. You've decided to show off that fantastic body of yours. By the time I'm done enjoying your body with my eyes, the waiter is back with my card.
"Sir, Madam, enjoy your night" he says, mostly to you. I think I catch him give you a wink. He walks away in a way that only a cocky 23-year old who doesn't know anything can.
"I think someone has an admirer" I grin at you.
"What are you talking about?" you say coyly back to me.
"You know exactly what I'm talking about" as I lead you to the door with my hand on the small of your back. "I'm surprised Mr. Waiter could even see the table with the way his eyes were glued to your body."
"Well isn't that what you wanted? You're always pushing me to dress a little sexier. And now you can't handle it" you tease as you give me a little shake.
I laugh and we head towards the door. I hold it open from you and the bouncer makes no effort to hide his checking out your ass. I just turn around and smile at him, give your ass a little squeeze. We get in the car and start the drive home.
"I've got to say, sweetheart, I love the way all those guys were checking you out."
"I know you do, you dirty old man."
"Dirty, yes! Old? I'm still in my prime!"
"Oh is that so? Still young enough to know what do with this?" Your challenge is amplified by your hands, which have found their way to your perfect thighs. You look me right the in eyes as you run your hands up and down your thighs. I need to concentrate on the road.
I reach over and start to massage your smooth thighs as we drive. You've been teasing me all night with them. I slowly work my way up and I feel you spread them. We both know you're going to give in, but you like to keep up appearances. You close your eyes slowly and moan, enjoying the little massage you're getting. When you open your eyes again, it's clear that I'm getting just as turned on as you. Just then, you reach over and unzip my pants and take my cock. I'm absolutely rock hard and it's time for me to get some attention too. You take my cock into your and start to stroke me slowly, all the way up and down, squeezing the head as you do. I slip my hand up your thigh, you're already wet.
You bend over and the waist and take my thick cock into your hot mouth. I can feel the head of your tongue swirling around me.
"Fuck that's good," I gasp at you.
You moan and take me deeper. My words encourage you to go to faster. I start to thrust my hips, trying to push my cock deeper into your mouth. I realize this isn't safe; I can't concentrate on driving and the feeling of your tongue on me so I look for a place to pull over. I see a side street that looks dark enough and roll to stop. Once we stop, I lean my seat back and enjoy your work. We're in a quiet neighborhood with dark streets and big houses. This is a perfect place for us, there's no real chance of getting caught. I roll down the passenger side window just enough to let a slight breeze in. Having my cock in your mouth turns you on, and you moan while stroking me between your lips.
Your mouth feels so good I can't concentrate on much else. I manage to snake my hand down to your chest and I start to clumsily paw at the buttons in an attempt to get them off. You're giggling at me now, half at ridiculous attempt to get your shirt unbuttoned and the other half at how much I'm enjoying this. I've always had a bit of an exhibitionist streak and this is perfect for me.
I manage to get your shirt off finally and I take your perfect tits into my hand.
My eyes are closed now, I'm thrusting my hips, pushing deeper into your mouth. I've got one hand on the back of your head, running my fingers through your thick dark hair. I can feel your tongue sliding up and down, what you can't fit into your mouth, you're stroking with a slow intensity that is driving my crazy.
I open my eyes; I want to see what feels so good. You meet my eyes and smile. You know how much I love your body so you reach down and start to play with your perfect tits. I reach down and feel your tits while you moan on my cock, I love how firm and full they are.
I look up and across the street I see a man making a phone call. He's pacing back and forth lazily as people tend to do when talking on the phone. Now I'm conflicted because I don't want to get caught, but I don't want you to stop either. I decide to do nothing, let things happen as they will. I'm watching him closely though, looking for any signs of him catching us and calling the cops. This is not how I want the police to find us. Just then, he turns towards our car and catches me eye. It's clear to him that something is happening because I'm staring right at him. He looks at me questioningly and when he sees the top of your head bob up and down a couple times, its crystal clear to him what's happening. He gives me a knowing a smirk, and goes back to his phone call.
The relief I feel is enormous and now I can go back to concentrating on the way your mouth feels wrapped around me. But when I look back up again, he's crossing the street, doing his best to seem casual about it. He slows to a stop in front of the car with a much better view than hid previous position across the street. You have no idea he's there. Your left hand is on the shaft of my hard cock and the other is squeezing your tits together, putting on a show for me.
He makes no effort to hide his staring now. He's standing in front of the car, watching us. You're still oblivious to him, which makes me feel better, because I have no idea how you'll react if you see him there. Will you scream at him? Scream at me? The excitement only makes this better and I can feel my orgasm start to build.
I pull up your skirt so he can get a full view of your sexy, round ass. That same skirt was riding up all night, and underneath it you're wearing only a tiny black thong. I love the way you look in a thong. Your ass is shaped perfectly and I love the way it's framed when you wear revealing lingerie.
He starts to move the passenger side to get a better view of your ass, and honestly I cannot blame him. He's standing very close to the car and you still have no idea he's there; you're preoccupied with pleasuring me. I can see him start to get hard and he rubs his crotch. You slip your hand down to your waist and undo the buckle on the back of your skirt. I work your skirt down your legs and eventually off completely.
You massage your clit and moan even louder while I'm pushing my cock as deep as I can into your hot wet mouth. I'm getting close now. You're moaning, I'm thrusting, and the man is watching the whole thing. He's getting harder now, rubbing himself and enjoying every moment.
"Fuck man, she's so hot" he says, loud enough for you to hear through the slightly open window. You whip your head around and finally see him standing there, lightly rubbing his hardening cock through his jeans and staring at your body. We can barely see him with his face masked mostly in shadow. He's a bit older than us, maybe 45 or 50 years old, in good shape for a man his age.
I can see a mix of emotions cross your face: confusion, shock, embarrassment, but mostly arousal. Now both us are watching you, and you make your decision. You lean back down and take my cock my back to your mouth. You're going faster know because the knowledge that you're being watched is turning you on. You slip your hand down between your thighs and slip two fingers inside yourself. You're getting close, but slow down, none of us want this to end yet.
He takes that as his cue that neither you nor I are going to stop him from enjoying the show. He unbuttons and unzips his pants. He's standing there, stroking himself enjoying the site of your gorgeous ass. You can hear him moan and grunt as he works on his cock and you start to gyrate your hips at him. Your ass looks incredible the way you're moving it and he's getting an incredible show. I've seen how good your ass looks from all the times I've fucked you from behind so I know the world class view he's being treated to. There's no jealousy from me, only pride. I know how bad he wants you, and all he can do is watch.
You remove your hand from your wet pussy and bring it up to your tits.
He's staring directly at your tits and you're watching him too. You're enjoying controlling both of us at the same time. You've always been able to get me to do whatever you want, but the power you've got over him is something new for you. Here he is, standing over us both and masturbating, it might seem like he was in control. But in reality it's you. You're in control and neither of us can do anything about it. As if we would.
You turn over for a moment and release my cock from your mouth. Now you're laying across the car seats with your head resting on my leg, and your legs pressed up against the passenger side door. Your attention is now only on pleasuring yourself. I stroke my cock slowly behind your head watching your every movement. He's doing the same, his engorged cock threatening to cum at any moment. We are both transfixed on your body and we watch your hands slide down to your pussy. I reach over you and massage your tits while you're fingering yourself.
Your breath quickens. Your chest heaves. Your hips thrust. Your thighs shake. You open your mouth and growl "fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck" as your whole body shakes.
We've never seen a woman cum so sexy as you do.
You recover for a moment and then turn back on your side enough so you can watch him and show off at the same time, retaking my big cock inside your mouth. My hands are all over your body, squeezing your tits together, massaging your thighs. I'm on the edge now, and I know you are too. My moans are load and passionate. You roll over so he can admire your ass and he reaches through the open window and digs his finger into it. You gasp at his boldness, but then look back over your shoulder right as he strokes his cock over and over while his hand is all over your gorgeous ass.
This pushes you over the edge you start to cum loudly again, your moans are the last straw for me as I push your head back onto my cock and fill your mouth with my hot cum. You've got your hand firmly on my cock and you won't let go. I feel your tongue swirl around the tip of my cock as I shoot rope after rope into your tight wet little mouth. I'm moaning and thrusting my hips, I can't believe how hard I'm cumming. You've been teasing me all night and now my release is tremendous. I fill your mouth and you swallow everything. Just then you turn around and look him directly in the eye. Its all finally to much for him and finally climaxes and shoots his cum all over your perfect ass. You've always enjoyed watching me cum and it's no different with him. He pumps his cock and moans with every time he sprays a little more cum on you.
And just like that, he zips his pants and walks away, we're left there panting in the car. We roll up the windows and start to regain control of ourselves and you try in vain to put your clothes back on, but you just manage to get dressed enough so we can make it home.
We manage to make it home and right as we pass through the front door, you drop to your knees, look me in the eyes, and say "again."
We don't notice that the blinds are open...