Please note, this is a true story. However, I've changed the names, ages, occupations and places to protect the other person's privacy. I have no shame so enjoy, LOL.
.................................
Pam: The Thrill of Getting Caught 2
Which sex session was better but either way, wow!
Last week at the big event, Pam discovered a new form of euphoria. It involves having sex in random places and the thrill of getting caught. It brought us closer together and added a new fiery spark to our sex lives. I was supposed to meet on her Wednesday at her lunch break for a quickie. But I was feeling conflicted.
Pam and I haven't discussed being exclusive. I've dated multiple people at once before and never felt conflicted. The problem is that in this case was Pam had licked the pussy juices off my cock from another woman I fucked at said event. Although Pam was becoming more slutty during sex and open-minded to sexual things. I'm pretty sure she'll be pissed if she found out she was tasting another woman's juices on my cock at the event.
Janet was now a 48 year old cougar who I met then fucked for a while when was 20 and she was 41. She reached out to me the Monday after the event. She wanted me to come over to her place. I still had these cravings and desires to fuck her. Here I was with this new woman in my life but my mind was on cougar of the year nominee, Janet.
Maybe it was her new boob job to size 36EE. Maybe it was nostalgia. Maybe it was her insatiable sexual appetite. Maybe it was so hot how she preyed on 20-24 years old and seduced them into mindless fuck buddies at her beckon call. Much like I was for a while at that age. Or it could've been all of the above.
Why was she calling me? Janet had an abundance of young studs she could call upon. Heck her son in law used to be one of her fuck buddies before he got with her daughter. Something felt off. I mean I'm not doubting myself but after all these years, what was the deal? I had to find out.
I arrived at her place Tuesday night after she'd finish with the last guy she fucked that day so we could just "talk". She had this fetish/high she got from having the last guy she fucked clean out all the guys she fucked before him. She got off hard on that. Although I admit I've been the last guy a few times before. I wanted her to have had her massive orgasm first that way she'd have it out of her system so we could actually talk.
I was to message her when I parked so she knew to be ready for me. I was going to knock on her door but there was a note attached. "Come to the back." So I open her side fence entrance to her yard. As I walk to her window I hear her moaning. It excites me and I'm curious to what she's doing.
As I look into her window, she has a youngster maybe 21 on his knees and between her legs eating her cum filled pussy. "Clean my pussy, clean it bitch!" She was yelling at him. And for some reason he was blindfolded. She saw me in the window and smiled. Janet had always enjoyed being watched. But this time it would be short lived as she quickly waved me inside. I opened her sliding door and walked into her bedroom. My goodness if these walls could talk, the stories they could tell would be very XXX-rated.
Janet kept yelling at this kid. "You have to do a better job than that or I will kick you out. Use more tongue fucker. If you can't eat my pussy how will your fiancé ever stay with you. If you can't lick she will find someone else who will. With your small dick you have to be a better cunt licker. You came her to learn how to eat pussy didn't you?" Janet was just berating this kid. The kid couldn't talk with his mouth deep into her front entrance. He weakly gave a thumbs up.
She looks over at me and with one gesture from her, she has me sit down on the corner chair. I knew this chair all too well it was her watch the action or timeout chair. Once she had another guy fuck her from behind while she sucked my cock in this chair. Oh the memories. I pull out my cock and start working it. I wasn't completely sure what was going on but I knew it was no accident she had me here at this specific time.
Frustrated and pissed by his inability to eat her properly despite her directions she goes into an angrier mode. Janet pulls his face off of her. Pushes him to the ground violently. Then she sits above his face with a very evil look on hers. She furiously rubs her pussy and waves me over. With the music and blindfold I don't think he knew I was here.
Janet pulls me to my knees and feeds me her left breasts. Oh hell yeah I thought. I begin to fondle her 36EE and suck on her nipples. Just then she squirts all over this guy's face. She sits down on his face and begins to smother him. His entire face covered with her juices and sperm from who knows how many guys. I've seen Janet in some wild moments before but had never seen her like this, what the hell has gotten into her.
Once she feels satisfied she's emptied every ounce of liquid she had in her, she stands up. Ordering the guy to take off his blindfold and sit in the corner chair. He looks at me meekly and head hung low. Janet rips off the rest of my clothing. Then gets in all fours horizontal to where the chair was facing. She looks over her shoulder at me with this are you going to fuck me or not look.
I don't even hesitate. I'm in her pussy instantly but just as I'm starting to pound her pussy she stops me with my cock in her. "I want you to watch, I taught him very well when he was around your age and now he knows how to really fuck a woman." She says to him. The guy just weakly nods like he's a bitch. I get it Janet is quite the vicious cougar but there is more here.
I started pounding her pussy and I mean violently. But not like an inexperienced guy who just pumps straight in rapidly and finishes. My thrust are all strong and varied. Each time I change of speeds, angles or pace, I still maintain the ferocity of my thrusts. "See you little bitch, this is how you fuck a woman. How are you going to please my niece if you pump and blow with no skill." She continues to berate him.
Fuck I'll admit it was kind of hot but I did feel sorry for him. This must have been a tough lesson. And what, so this was his niece's fiancé. Oh hell! Janet was the matriarch and didn't want weak lovers in her family. "Maybe I should send him over to Franny's place and have her feel a real man. I think she would like that. Having a real cock and someone who knows how to use it." Janet is just tearing into him.
However, I didn't know if he liked that. Some men do. And wait what, I didn't agree to/sign up for any of this. Granted I wasn't going to stop fucking Janet. This was definitely a new kind of energy from her. Would she actually send me over there? And why is this dude just being silent, was he a mute? Or was he enjoying this?
I yank her hair back. I'm now fucking her with a fast in and slow out pace. I violently thrust in, slowly pull all the way out and then repeat. This is what will send her over the top for this dude to experience with his eyes. One last violent but controlled thrust and she screams.
"Now my lover here will get a reward from me. Do you know what that reward is?.....I make him feel like a king. Something you won't get anything as good as he will until you get it together. Now get the fuck off the chair, on your knees next to the dresser." Janet screaming at this poor dude. He jumps off the seat and onto his knees. She pulls me to the chair and gets on her knees to lick my shaft for my enjoyment and his viewing pleasure.
Janet was bathing my cock with her mouth and tongue. And constantly looking over at the guy on his knees. It felt like torture or punishment for him. She looks at him with one big smile and takes my cock all the way down her throat. Holds it there and waves him over. Her words got more vicious towards him, "If you don't improve your skills soon I will make you take a cock in your mouth like this and even worse in your ass."
She gets up and now begins to mount me. But it wasn't her pussy that was wrapped around my cock. It was her asshole. I slid in easily and unsure if she pre-lubed herself before my arrival or if that was another man's cum. And frankly I didn't care, her asshole felt wonderful. Then she placed my hands on her breasts and let me have them as a feast.
The whole time she was riding my cock she was talking down to him. "Great lovers get rewards like their cock in my ass. Watch me ride his cock." And man was she ever, she was riding the hell out of me. Soon it would be my cum that would shoot into her. She was moaning partially because she was enjoying this but she added extra umph to it to tease/torture this poor dude.
"Do you see how he's enjoying my boobs? That is another reward this man has earned. You see how he is greedily sucking on my boobs. Watch him licking and suck on my sensitive nipples. Do you see how he squeezes my boobs like he's worshiping them. Take notes and learn you fucking little bitch." Janet says, continuing to give it to him.
My body was tingling in a way I knew my eruption was coming. Her riding my cock and sucking on her breasts was one of my favorite positions to climax in. She felt it was close also and began intensifying her riding. Janet was going after my load with aggression and determination. Holy fuck, here it comes. I couldn't and didn't want to hold out any longer. I explode into her asshole and continue to feast on her breasts.
After I finish inside her, she lets me take some more time to enjoy her breasts. Someone should, they'd be a waste if they weren't being enjoyed. Once she's felt I got enough time on them she lifts up. Then walks over to dude and shoves her ass into his face. The guy had to clean her hole of what I left in there.
While he was eating her ass and cleaning my juices from her, I began working my cock again. I was going to fuck her again and while in my 20's I was able to get it up a bunch so waste not want not. Watching her get her ass eaten was a sexy sight. I stand up, go over to her and start roughly kissing her.
I caught her a little off guard but she liked it so much she kicked him out. "Ok, you little bitch you're done, get out now and go make your fiancé happy or else." She says. He grabs his clothes and leaves through the back, the same way I came in. Janet and I stand there kissing for what feels like hours. Both of us wanting, needing and desiring to fuck again.
For the rest of the evening and when we woke up the next day. We were locked into a more loving sexual escapade. We intimately showered and washed every part of each other's bodies. We were wrapped in each other's arms while sleeping. Usually with Janet it was rough fucking and more rough fucking then get out. The whole night was great and she showed another side of her I haven't seen before.
Especially after seeing the vicious side of her and what that side did to that guy. But that was part of her thrill. Aside from trying to teach that younger dude, she got off on being watched, caught in the action and the chance of being caught. It was always fun sneaking around buildings with her and learning the ropes on how to fuck in those places. Though I'm glad she never had to use that vicious teaching technique with me. To this day I feel sorry for that dude.
I was off on Wednesdays and had planned to meet Pam for "lunch". I have to drive a ways back into the city to see Pam as Janet lived about an hour away. Before I left though, we had one more session. She specifically made me wait till right as I was leaving to cum inside her. But how much "juice" would I have left after Janet.
Janet wanted Pam to taste her fluids and I was her delivery method. When asked why and what the ulterior motive was behind all this was. Apparently, Janet overheard Pam and some of her family members being snobby about the food at the event. So in turn she could taste her pussy instead and on her man's cock. Damn, Janet was even more vicious then I thought. I can't stand the petty drama that sometimes happen between women.
I arrived at Janet's office building just before 1pm. I had her take a later lunch so there would be less stragglers and random people walking around. Having already scoped out a empty section on a different floor on my lunch break on Monday, I knew where we were going to fuck. Her office was on level 3 and we were on level 14. I also grabbed us lunch because I knew she be hungry.
Pam who was taking the elevator up to 14 was very nervous. You could chalk up some of her bravery to do what she did at the event to alcohol. However, her current state now was sober and a working professional who would never do such wicked things like have sex at work, would she? Could she live it down if her colleagues found out or heaven forbid saw her? What if it was her boss or one of her relatives who worked for the same company?
Pam had been chomping the the bits all day. Anxious, uneasy, eager and so many other emotions going through her. When she stepped off the elevator nervous yet excited at the same time, she headed to the open and empty office at the end of the hall. It had been unoccupied for 3 months but there was still some furniture on there. Walking inside and looking for me but couldn't find me. Now worry and concern that she may have been stood up.
Then out of nowhere I grab her, kiss her and begin undressing her in a way she could still go back to work without them being suspicious. All her nervousness and concerns were thrown out the window. She was now lost in lust. The excitement and wonderful feeling of the embrace had overpowered her senses. It was time for Pam to give herself to the moment.
I carried her over to a table toward the back of a private empty office. The was a big dark brown office table close to the window. Ok, ok so I pushed the table closer to the window to add some extra excitement to our secret rendezvous. Still kissing her and holding her in my arms. I open her blouse and unzip her skirt.
A nice surprise catches my eye. She wasn't wearing any underwear as she took it off in her office just before 1pm. And well well well, what do we have here. It turns out she slipped in a jeweled butt plug into her rear as well. We haven't done anal sex yet but I've had a few fingers in there already. This was her way of telling me she's down for it.
She takes off my suit jacket. I had to be dressed in a suit so I fit in with the building and no one was suspicious of a strange man out of place. I loosen my tie a little as I want her to hold it for leverage in a position when we fuck. Pam removes my pants and I hop on the table with her. Her legs were wrapped around mine but we weren't fucking yet.
We just sat there for a few minutes kissing and running my hands all over each other's body. I lay down on the desk and move her pussy to right above my face. Her hips begin to straddle my face and I grip her thighs that area around my head. I pull her down and devour her pussy. I was going to eat her to climax.
Pam's hands go to her breasts. She pulls off her bra and begins pinching her nipples. She really enjoys doing that when she's having her pussy eaten alive like I was doing. She looks so sexy doing that. My tongue is speeding up it's motions. Pam is rocking her body up and down and a slanted angle.
I tap her thigh so she spreads them more. I want my head to have more room to move and go side to side easier with my tongue. And I moved my hand underneath her ass and start to pull the butt plug in and out. Slowly fucking her with the butt plug. Her moans get louder and her body is moving closer to climaxing.
With her approaching her climax, I lift her up and pull her back off the table. I sit her back slightly on the ledge of the table. I spread her legs and start spanking her pussy. Smack after smack after smack with one hand. Holding her head up with the other hand. I say to her, "Look across the way, anyone looking into this room now is about to see you spread your juices all over the place. And you're so fucking hot when you climax."
And we have blast off! She gushes all over the floor, while I'm still holding her face to see out the window. Imagining someone, watching someone getting off because of us or maybe even someone else joining us. After her orgasm, I move her back on the table. I lay down and pull her over my cock. She knows perfectly what to do.
Pam sits down on my cock. With her feet planted on the desk in what's referred to as the Asian cowgirl position. She grabs my tie and starts to fuck me. My hands are behind my head with a big freaking smile on my face. And why did I have a big grin. Well, Pam took out her butt plug and placed my cock in her ass and is now fucking me. Don't get me wrong I love anal sex but what turns me on more is the breaking free of the taboo act and judgment from others.
Pam is holding my tie, looking at me with hunger in her eyes and bouncing on my cock. This is the life. The view, the anal entrance and that look. I'm basking in a such heavenly feeling encompassing my body. Could this get any better? Well, it fucking did!
All of a sudden we hear someone at the window. It's a window cleaner. He was moving his platform down to our level. I knew part of the building was being repaired so I didn't think much of it seeing their platforms because construction was happening at a different level. But now this window washer had his eyes glued onto us and well mainly Pam riding my cock in the Asian cowgirl position.
Pam froze in fear but I knew what to do. I lift her off me and carry her off the table. The window washer gave the perfect muddled view from the outside looking in. That way it would be harder for people in other buildings to see what was happening. And I could fuck Pam up against the big window.
Pam was completely unsure of this but I was in control. I push her up against the window and enter her rear. I signal to the window washer to pull out his cock and start jerking it. Yes, Pam thought I was fucking crazy but she didn't stop me. Her actually reply was, "You're so bad you know that. How did I end up with you?"
I begin pounding Pam's asshole while the window washer pulls out his cock. He places it right in front of Pam's mouth. It was on the other side of the glass but right at her open mouth. The scene and moment was so freaking electric. You could feel the heat of the whole encounter steam up the room.
Then I turned her to her side. Giving the window washer a different view. I begin to slowly take my cock all the way out of her them push it all the way back in. Out and in, in and out. He watches my cock appear and disappear into Pam's very tight hole. I'm basically teasing him at this point and then he picks up jerking his cock to a faster pace. I know he will cum soon so I move to Pam facing the window again. His cock right back in front of her mouth.
"You would suck that cock if you could. Wouldn't you? Don't shake your head at me in denial. You want it don't you? You want your inner slut to come out more don't you." I say to her while pulling her head back. And calling her out on her true inner desire.
"Yes, yes Taylor, I would suck his cock if it were inside with us right now." She screams out like she was just releasing a demon from within her.
"I knew it, I knew you were a slut. But your my slut and my slut would suck this or any cock I told her to. Wouldn't you slut?" I say back to her.
"Oh my god, Taylor, yes I would suck any cock you tell me to. I'm your slut. I'm your slut, I luv you." She replies.
Pam surprised me with that last part. Was she really in love with me already or really in lust with me? Back to that another time. I pull out of her ass then a big smack between her legs and her climax erupts again all over the floor. This time it was more intense. She was barely holding herself up on the glass as I watched in amazement.
And just then, he starts shooting his load all over the glass window he is supposed to clean. Pam looks up and sees his load splatter right in her face on the window. This random man who watched us fuck, touched himself to our quickie and now unloaded like that. Pam is still in shock this is all happening. How did this nice woman get wrapped up into this, she thought.
Well she didn't have long to think cause my cock was filling her ass again. It was my turn to join the cascade of orgasms happening. I kept fucking her into the window. Relentless with my thrusting. The man had zipped up his cock and continued to watch the show.
I pull out and lift her up. My arms hook under her knees. My cock goes back into her rear. I push her back up against the window and her arms are wrapped around my neck. We are in a slightly modified upstanding citizen position. I begin my thrusts and the window shakes. It doesn't feel as stable as I'd like and she clutches me tighter; so I lean her weight back onto me.
I use the strength in my hips and begin thrusting upwards into her ass. And now we've stabilized our position. I started getting into a good flow fucking her rear entrance. She lays her head on my shoulder. Her tightness back there gripping my cock felt so good.
While laying her head on my shoulder, Pam begins kissing my neck. She says in an almost scared voice, "I luv you." I turn my face to Pam and start kissing her. My hips continue the thrusting but I pick up the pace. My body signals to me I'm very close to my eruption.
Pam's hands holding my face and kissing me with a mix of lust and showing me her feelings. It made me very happy that she let out her emotions and felt comfortable enough to say that to me. It was a special moment. The two of us locked into this steamy moment of kissing and ass fucking.
I scream into her mouth as my eruption occurs into her asshole. Pump after pump I continue until I'm fully satisfied I have no more fluids left to fill her with. But we don't stop kissing. I look over and the window washer is clapping. If I had a hat I would tip it to him.
While still kissing I carry her over to the table and set her down. We just went on continuing to keep our lips locked into a sensual embrace. This kept on for quite a while. By the time we stopped it was almost 230pm. I told her to call down to her secretary and say that her lunch caused her to feel off and she'd gone home for the day.
We gathered our food and clothes then left the building. We went to Pam's place and finished our lunch. After eating we talked about what she said. She was obviously in a vulnerable and anxious state. Hoping I wouldn't run away scared. I wasn't sure if I would see Janet again after this but that was just sex. I had something solid here that was growing into something bigger.
However, the constant trend in my dating life was hot, heavy, fast early on. Then after a while they can't handle me and we can't find long term ground together. Causing my relationships to fizzle out. I told her I wasn't panicking or running away from what she said. And although I cared a lot about her, I wasn't there yet with love. We spent the rest of the day at her place just lying in each other's arms.