Well, it's the next day now, and this is how everything has gone so far. I was awakened by the sun shining through my window, signaling that it's 6 AM. I then got out of bed, and went downstairs. The first thing Matt asked me is if I wanted some sausage. Of course he meant his man sausage, so I obliged. After swallowing his spunk once again, we went outside to begin working.
As soon as we walked out, I felt the scorching heat hit my nude body. There wasn't any clouds today, and I knew I would be suffering. I didn't mind though. In fact, I welcomed it.
Throughout the day we picked tomatoes, picked weeds, planted seeds, and plowed the fields. At one point Matt asked me if I wanted a break, but I declined, and continued working. If I ever want to become his slave boy, I need to be prepared for when he forces me to do things I don't want to do.
I don't remember what time it was when I finished working, but it must have been close to 8 PM. Once I was done, Matt grabbed me.
"For all your hard work, I will reward you by fucking you right here in the field." He said.
Matt did exactly what I love fantasizing. He literally forced me to take in his dick. I had no other day in it, but he knew I loved it. His balls slapped against my ass. His hands were placed under my chest, so they were pushing down on me as he thrust his meat inside my ass.
After he was done I thanked him.
"There's nothing I love more now than being penetrated by other men. I wish more can do it to me." I said.
"Well luckily for you I might just have something planned for you tomorrow." He said.
"I can't wait!" I replied.
He then pushed me in the direction of the house, and told me I needed to get cleaned up before I could rest. I couldn't wait until tomorrow. I had butterflies in my stomach. It's like I was waiting for Christmas morning. My whole body was tingling.
**********
It was the next morning, and I was wide awake before the alarm clock went off. Today was the day Matt would let me know what he has planned for me.
I asked him what the plan was.
"What would you say if I told you that in 10 minutes, you will be getting the ultimate experience in young naked gay fun?" he asked.
"That sounds hot. What will it involve?" I asked.
"All I'll say so far is that other men will be involved." He replied.
My heart started racing, and my dick became rock solid. It was so hard I thought it was going to burst. As time went by, I knew the real reason I was so aroused. This has always been my dream. I've always wanted to be used as a sex toy by many men. And now I was going to get my chance.
What would you say if I told you that we can give you the ultimate experience in young naked gay fun?" he asked.
"What kind of experiences? I asked curiously
"Experiences that most young submissive gay boys only dream about. In a nutshell, it will include something like having a muscular mature alpha male fuck your brains out. Or getting a large cock that belongs to a muscle bound biker guy shoved deep inside your tight ass. Or maybe getting both at the same time. Or even better, you can have both at the same time!" He said.
"Wow, this is unbelievable. You can give me whatever experience I want? And it will actually happen? Are you serious?" I asked.
"Oh yes, absolutely!" He said.
At that moment, my face lit up, and I smiled from ear to ear. All these years I've been dreaming about this exact moment. Now it's finally happening.
"I know these guys quite well. To say they're your type would be an understatement. They are exactly what you crave. You'll feel the full force of their power over you. It will feel amazing. I told them all about you too. And best of all is that this will all be taking place outside." He said.
Finally after 10 minutes, 4 tall muscular guys arrived on motorcycles. All 4 wore leather jackets with metal chains hanging from them. One of them had his long hair tied back, and another had sunglasses on. When they saw me standing there naked, their jaws dropped, and they gave me stares. They couldn't believe their eyes. They quickly took off their helmets. The closer they got to me, the more aroused I became. Their muscles made me want to reach out and touch them.
"Who is this hot piece of ass we have here?" one of them asked.
"This Lexi. I've told y'all about him over the phone. I hope he's what you expected." Matt said for me.
"He's more than I expected. Way cuter than I imagined. How old is he?" one of them asked.
"Only 19." Matt replied.
"Holy shit. Well ain't he a lucky fucky. He's in the sexual prime of his life and and is smart enough to use it to the fullest extent." The other one added.
With that, my dick started to harden. Hearing these 4 men talk about how cute I am turned me on so much. I haven't had this much attention in a very long time. It feels good.
"Didn't you say he prefers being naked at all times?" another one asked.
"Yep. Not only is he a nudist, but it reminds him every moment of what his sexual status is. His only purpose is to serve and please other people sexually. He likes being dominated by dominant gay men, and gets off whenever he knows they're using him." Matt explained.
"Jesus, this kid is such a slut. We're definitely gonna fuck his brains out. We'll make him squeal like a little bitch." Another one chimed in.
"That you will. I feel what I've given him so far has been a little too mild. He needs to be given the most extreme treatment imaginable. You 4 aren't here to just fuck his nude body. You are here to rape him. Rape his body. Isn't that what you want, Lexi?" Matt said.
To say I was overwhelmed with excitement is an understatement. They kept saying I was a bitch. They were giving me so much praise. And the thought of being raped really turns me on. It makes me even hornier. Before I knew it, my mouth was open, and I started drooling a bit. All these years I've wanted to be raped. But it was never the right time. Finally my dream has come true. These 4 huge hunks were ready to fuck me, and I'm happy to oblige.
"Well boys, what are you waiting for? Get your cocks ready and start pumping him. We want to see you shoot that big load deep into him." Matt ordered.
"I'll go first." Said the one with blonde hair as he immediately grabbed my body. The first thing he did was spit right on my butthole. I like how it felt. Within just a moment, I felt his thick 7 inch uncut cock go inside me. He didn't try to hold back, and just slid his meat inside my hole with ease. He grabbed onto my hips, and started pounding me. I felt his big nuts slapping against my ass cheeks. While he was doing that, one of the other guys took out his dick and shoved it into my mouth without any warning. I sucked on it, while the blonde kept on pumping away at my hole. After a few seconds, I felt the familiar feeling of semen going down my throat.
Then he pissed down my throat. Did it taste gross? Yes, but that's what I loved about it. I was being treated like a total whore, and loved every second of it. This is exactly what I've always dreamed of. Being used and abused by multiple masculine men wearing masculine clothes, while I'm not even wearing underwear or socks. Just the pure naked gayness that is me. No matter how nasty the act may seem, I still found pleasure in it. Being taken advantage of. Feeling degraded. Fucked senseless. I love it. Nothing could ever replace the joy I feel from getting fucked in the ass by a bunch of powerful dominant men who call me names, slap my face, and make me eat their cum and piss.
"Damn this dude's a fuckin' slut. He loves it. We should keep fucking him for hours. There's so much more we can do with him." The blonde one said.
"Let's make him lick our boots clean. That will get him excited again. Maybe we can stick him in the dog cage afterwards." Another one said.
"Can we turn him into our bitch boy? Like the guy in a scene in Raging Stallion's Red Lines video. Is that allowed?" One of the others asked.
"Yeah sure, why not. You can fuck him all day and night. Keep fucking his asshole. That's where it's supposed to stay. Oh, and make sure he doesn't wear any clothes. Not even socks or underwear. That way it will remind him of his position. That he is truly a piece of gay meat. A totally owned submissive gay boy. A toy for us to play with. A toy that we own completely. Don't you agree guys?" Matt said.
While they were talking, I looked around and noticed they were all staring at me with lustful looks in their eyes. They were talking to each other about the various things they wanted to do to me. Each and every one of them looked sexy as hell. So damn masculine. It turns me on just thinking about it. The more I think about it, the hornier I get. At that point, I realized how bad I want this. I want them to be in control of my body. Everything. I want to be someone's bitch boy. I want to be treated like a piece of meat. Used and abused by horny gay men who only think about satisfying their sexual cravings. I don't care anymore. If it means that I get fucked by 4 different men and their huge cocks, then that's exactly what I want. I'm not going to resist. Let them have their way with me. Use me however they want. Abuse me. I love it. All of this turning me on even more. I have no choice but to accept their offer. Whatever they want to do with me, I'm fine with it. My body belongs to them. My mind belongs to them. I belong to them. Nothing else matters anymore. They're in control.
"So you like this, don't you bitch?" one of them asked me.
"Yes." I answered.
"I can tell. You love this. Doesn't it feel good to know that we're in control of your body?" another one added.
"It does feel good. So good. It makes me wanna moan and scream. I wanna cum already." I moaned.
"Cum already? Let's see how good your orgasm skills are. We'll test them right now. Start licking our boots. Show us how skilled you are." He said.
Without hesitation, I started licking their boots. All four of them were wearing motorcycle boots. All of them had scuff marks and dirt. It took at least 1 hour to pick them clean. All 4 of them continued fucking me throughout the entire time. I kept moaning and screaming at the top of my lungs. Their dicks were so deep inside me. I couldn't help but feel guilty knowing that I enjoyed every minute of it. When I looked up at them, they gave me smiles of approval. Every time I finished cleaning one boot, they would pull out their cocks, piss on my head, and push it back in. By the end of the session, I was covered with their urine and cum. It wasn't even noon yet, and I was completely exhausted. The abuse these men were dishing out had taken a toll on me. But it felt so good. In fact, it felt better than anything I've ever experienced before. These 2 hours have been the best part of my life so far. I wouldn't trade them for anything. This was living. Being a complete slave to sexy gay men. No strings attached. Just sex and lots of it. It's exactly what I wanted. Who knew something so degrading could feel so wonderful. Now all I needed was to take a shower and freshen up.
When I finally went into the bathroom to take a shower, I couldn't stop myself from grinning ear to ear. I actually enjoyed being urinated on and having my ass violated. All of this turned me on so much. Thinking about it just made me feel good. So amazing. It's hard to describe the feeling. All I know is that I'm 100% satisfied with my life. Things are finally starting to look up for me. I don't even know if I want to live with Mark anymore. I honestly prefer the treatment Matt gave me this weekend. It was the most exciting experience of my life. More exciting than any relationship I've ever been in.
But the question is, what will happen next? Will I become a full-time sex slave for these 4 handsome men? Or will this weekend be just another short-lived fantasy? Only time will tell. Either way, I hope everything works out for the best. I hope I find myself back here in the future. Having fun and being treated like a dirty piece of worthless gay meat by these incredible masculine studs. I don't care if I'm a slave. All I care about is pleasing them. Making them happy. Knowing they're proud of me. And loving every second of it. Because they deserve it.
*******