"Mr. Thomas?" Tammy knocked lightly on the door frame of her advisors' open door. "You wanted to see me?" She wondered what it was about, it wasn't class registration time, but she had sent him her resume to look over before she applied for some summer internships and jobs. It was probably that. She hoped it didn't suck too bad.
"Yes, come in. Close the door, if you would." Phil Thomas called out. "I need to discuss some, well, delicate matters, and we need some privacy."
Tammy was more than a little intrigued. Mr. Thomas had been her advisor for several years, gotten her through a couple of major changes, some situations where she needed advice. They had a good rapport. He was older, a little distinguished. Actually a little funny, but always professional. That was why she and other students went to him for career advice and actually listened to what he had to say. That was what was going to make her head swim a little today.
"I wanted to see you, um, this is a little awkward. I got your resume and application materials. And more." It wasn't like Mr. Thomas to stammer. "I am just glad it came to me."
Tammy had no idea what he was talking about. She had sent him a note with her resume and a couple other things attached, but that was it. "I hope they were okay, I figure they need some work. Any suggestions? You know I value your opinion." She shifted a little in the chair. She had a class in an hour, but she had wanted to meet Glen, her boyfriend, before then.
"Well, there's a few things on the resume, but the main thing was what all you sent to me. I think you sent more than you realized. Only one way to bring this up. Let me show you." Mr. Thomas tapped his laptop and turned it around showing the email. He tapped again on the attachment and to Tammys' horror, a stream of pictures began to appear. Pictures she had thought were safely hidden from anyone. There she was naked. Another popped up with her sucking on Glens' hard cock. Another of her bent over taking him inside her. The photos kept popping up as Mr. Thomas clicked through the file. She felt herself turning many shades of red and a little queasy. "I think you agree, much better that they came to me than to a possible employer. It seems you uploaded the entire contents of your disk, not just your resume."
"Y-yes. Oh, my God. I can't believe this. I-it is so embarrassing." It was Tammy's turn to stammer. Her head was swimming. A full screen shot of her naked torso came up. Her perky tits with hard nipples. A shaved pussy revealing a set of pink folds above a pair of toned legs. She couldn't help but notice Mr. Thomas look at the screen and then back at her. She couldn't bear to look at him. She just wanted it all to go away. What had she been thinking when she took those pictures?
She knew what she had been thinking. And why she kept them. They were hot. She looked good. She also found them exciting as hell. The pictures of Glen and she were good and the ones with a couple other of her past boyfriends. Oh damn. She looked like such a slut. Mr. Thomas must think the worst of her. She glanced up and another shot of her filled the screen. That had been an especially hot session. She had sucked Tom off and he had covered her face. The picture showed her with white strands of cum dropping off her face as her tongue cleaned the last drop of the tip of his cock. That had tasted so good, and just the thought of having the camera on had made her almost cum.
"Obviously I want to discuss this more with you, but you need to do a few things. One is to separate these files from your school and work files. A separate flash drive at the very least." She heard Mr. Thomas talking. His voice was calm, actually reassuring. "As I said, I am glad they came to me and not an employer. I know you have class in a little bit, and I have some appointments, but I am free at 4pm tomorrow. Come back then and we will discuss further. Alright?"
Tammy nodded and collected herself and rose to leave. "Thank you, Mr. Thomas. I am sorry that you had to talk to me about this. I really thought I had them secured. I am sorry..." Her voice trailed off.
"No need to be sorry, Tammy. Don't beat yourself up about it. We'll sort it out tomorrow." Mr. Thomas rose, showed her to the door and opened it for her. Tammy hurried out and down the hall with her head down. Had she looked, she would have noticed her advisor had a massive erection and a smile on his face.
-0-

Tammy was preoccupied to say the least. She saw Glen, but made an excuse and left. She went to her laptop and checked, sure enough in her sent folder was a huge file on the email to her advisor. She quickly deleted it, but she couldn't bring herself to delete the picture files in her hidden folder. She decided that she would download them to a thumbdrive later on. Stupid mistake. But thankfully it didn't go to an employer or some place even worse. She didn't think Mr. Thomas would do anything with them, but you never knew. Well, he seemed cool and besides, they were meeting tomorrow.
That night, she plugged in the flash drive and began transferring the files. She couldn't help herself, she pulled some up on her screen. It was a little exciting seeing her sexual history in front of her. Okay more than a little. She could feel herself getting warm. The pictures flashed up. Some had been taken by her when she was alone. It was fun when she had taken some naked selfies just to see how she looked. It had been more when she had taken some with Mark, her first serious boyfriend. The point of view pictures Dave had taken really got her going. Those of him entering her from behind had gotten her hooked on recording her sexual exploits and even trying to go a little further into the exhibitionism. As she watched the pictures on her screen, she slipped a finger under her panties. She was dripping wet. Her finger dipped in and began to rub her moist folds. She watched more on the screen and rubbed faster. It wasn't long before she forgot the screen and paid attention to the hot waves welling up within her.
-0-
4 o'clock came slowly the next day, but she went to Mr. Thomas' office and met him at the appointed time. As she sat down, she meekly looked at him and began "I am so sorry, Mr. Thomas. I am sorry you saw those pictures, I am sorry I didn't take more time to be sure I was sending you what you asked for. It will never happen again. I learned a very important lesson." She felt she was babbling, but she meant every word. She looked at him. He was smiling, and he had kind eyes. He listened as she apologized.
"Tammy, I think you did learn a lesson, but no need to be sorry. To be blunt, I thoroughly enjoyed your mistake. The pictures were, well, quite good. I am not a prude, I've seen naked women before, believe it or not." Mr. Thomas chuckled lightly. "I wanted to offer you a couple of suggestions. First, if you enjoy that kind of activity, there are ways to express yourself. Nude modeling, for example. If you like the exhibition of your body, there are ways to channel it. I would be happy to discuss that option further with you." He looked directly at her across his desk.
"You said you had a couple of suggestions." Tammy began. "I may want to hear about the modeling, but what were some of your other ideas? And I am very glad I didn't offend you. You really thought they were good?" She heard herself and couldn't believe she was actually fishing for a compliment.
"Yes. And these are just suggestions. You have the final decision of whether or not you want to pursue them. What do you think most men do when they see pictures such as these?" Mr. Thomas turned the laptop slightly to show Tammy that he had her photos scrolling on his screen. The naked selfies, the point of view blow job and cum shots. Even the threesome with Glen and Tom. Tammy felt herself turning red. And getting a little excited.
"I don't know. Honestly, I never really thought about it. Um. I guess they look at them and, well, get excited? Maybe masturbate? I don't know." Tammy had never thought about it. They were her, they were her pictures, she masturbated to them, but she hadn't thought of men viewing them. Until now.

"Yes, Tammy, we get excited and masturbate. That is really about the only way to put it. Does that surprise you?" Mr Thomas stared intently at her. Not really expecting an answer, but allowing the opportunity for one.
He continued. "What I was going to suggest was that there is a group of, for lack of a better term, gentlemen, here at the university. We meet on occasion and indulge in some self gratification. We call ourselves 'Faculty Jacks'. Given these pictures, I am guessing you do not mind being seen naked. How would you like to be seen by a live audience? While we look at your pictures, we could also view the living model. I don't need your answer now, I want you to think it over. And rest assured that no one is going to make you do anything you are not comfortable with. But I can tell you we would show our appreciation."
Again Tammy found her head reeling. What was he suggesting? A group of old men? Viewing her pictures, and her? "Um, that is something I need to think about. Can I take a few days to consider it?" She couldn't believe that she wasn't saying "no" flat out. But there was something intriguing about the idea. She had thought about being seen. The idea did have a certain appeal. But she needed to think. "I will definitely consider it. I'll let you know by Friday."
-0-
On Friday Tammy made a point to stop by Mr. Thomas' office. He was with another student, but she had time and it sounded like he was about done, anyway. She shifted from one foot to another. Surprisingly, she wasn't nervous, but felt quite good about her decision. The weather was quite nice, one of the first nice warm Spring days. She had decided to wear a cotton dress with nice bright colors and a nice bounce to it as she walked. The fact that it showed off her legs was just an added bonus. Why bother shaving them if you were just going to hide them? Guess that applied elsewhere as well she thought. She heard the door open and came back to the present as she saw Mr. Thomas escort his advisee out of his office. Such a gentleman.

"Ah, Tammy. Good to see you. You are looking nice and Springy today. Please come in." Mr. Thomas greeted everyone, but he seemed in an especially good mood today. As they entered the office, he continued. "I hope that you have come to give me a positive answer or at least, perhaps some questions. I will only reluctantly take a 'no' for an answer. What is on your mind?"
Tammy smiled. She liked how he always got to the point, but never rushed her decisions. He was an excellent advisor in that way. The decision became clear and was never made in haste. "I have thought it over, and do have a few questions, but the answer is 'yes'. I found the idea of investigating the modelling interesting and a little exciting. And with a group of 'gentlemen', it seems a good place to start. Especially if they are anything like you."
"Excellent! Thank you, Tammy. I can fill you in on the details, but I assure you it will be a rewarding experience for everyone. I think you will find the group to be very appreciative of your pictures, and of you. But what are your questions? I have some time now to discuss if you are free."
"I figure you will tell me where and when and all the basic details, but a few things come to mind. I would like to remain as anonymous as possible. I trust you, but these other men, even with your recommendation, I don't know. So can it be that you are the only one who knows and contacts me? At least to start? And if I feel it isn't right, can we have a signal, a safe word?" Tammy had a lot of questions, but she didn't want to ask too many at once and didn't want to seem afraid. She was, a little, but her sense of adventure and intrigue far outweighed any reservations. She was a big girl and could take care of herself.
"I am sure we can work that out. I was thinking that a mask might be a nice accessory and I can certainly blur your face on some of the photos." Mr. Thomas looked pensive as he mentally went through some of the details. "I will be your connection, and we can certainly have a code. One of the guides I think we should follow is the standard model routine. I found a copy in 'The Art Models Handbook' by Cahner. It lays out some good protocols, like breaks, no touching, robe, etcetera."
Tammy was pleased that he had thought this through. Her trust was well placed, it seemed. This could well be exciting and maybe a little fun. She listened as Mr. Thomas gave a bit of an overview of when, where and what some of the logistics would be. The important item was that it would be Sunday night at 8pm and she would meet him here at his office.

-0-
Sunday arrived and Tammy was ready. She had made sure she was groomed and had shaved on Saturday. A little before 8 she made her way to her advisors' office carrying a tote that held her robe. It was cool enough that she wore a spring coat. That would be handy since she planned to change in Mr. Thomas' office and just wear the coat to the location of the meeting. There were going to be eight men at the event. The Faculty Jacks. Interesting name. She was interested in how the whole thing would happen. A totally new idea for her, on several levels. Older men were a little new. She had considered the idea, but never experienced any, especially not this much of a difference. Mr. Thomas must be in his 50s which would be thirty years. He said the youngest was in his forties and the oldest in his sixties. The idea of watching men jack off wasn't that new, she remembered watching her first boyfriend do that, but usually she liked to take matters into her own hands, pun intended. She still didn't know where they would be going, Mr Thomas had just said it was on campus and a very secluded location with an interesting ambiance. He did have a way of making her curious. She especially looked forward to seeing him participate.
At the appointed time, she heard the campus carillon bells toll the hour and she heard footsteps on the tile floor. Mr Thomas was always on time. A quality he expected in his students as well. "Ten minutes early is on time, on time is late and being late is inexcusable." She could hear him say that as he had many times in the presentations of his that she had attended. "Good evening, Tammy." She heard him say as he rounded the corner and put his key in the lock. "I so appreciate your promptness. An admirable quality." They entered the office.
"You'll want to change, right?" He asked. "You can use the office, I will step out. I have the mask you asked about and you have a robe?" He was meticulous inn details. And a gentleman to offer the use of his office.
"Yes, I have the robe, her in my bag. I figure I will leave my coat on and put on the robe when we get to the destination." Tammy confirmed. "But you can stay if you want. I don't mind if you stay while I change. It actually might get me used to being observed. Friendly eyes are a good way to begin."
A broad smile spread across Phil Thomas' face. He sat in the leather side chair by his desk and said "Yes, I would like that. A private showing would be especially appreciated." She had his undivided attention.
Tammy removed her coat and put it on the back of the second chair in the office. That would be going back on in a moment. She removed her top and then her yoga pans, folded them and put them in the bottom of her bag. She stood and turned wearing only her panties and bra which left little to the imagination in the bright office lights. She had an ample chest, not disproportionate in size, but larger than some and large enough to jiggle nicely. She noticed that she got plenty of looks as she bounced around campus. But her best attribute, she felt, was her ass. 'Heart-shaped' was one description a boyfriend had used. She turned again, giving a bit of a teasing pose and then slid a strap off one shoulder and then the other, undid her bra and slid it off revealing her breasts and their hardening nipples. Two pink erasers were forming in the middle part of her breasts. They would likely be hard for quite a while.
Finally as Mr. Thomas watched she slide her panties off. She put her remaining items in her bag, her back and firm buttocks displayed in front of her advisor. She could feel his eyes on her skin. She stood fully up and turned showing him her entire body. She watched as he looked her over, looking at every part of her. As if it were possible, she thought his smile broadened.
The quiet was broken by Mr. Thomas. "Outstanding. You are quite beautiful, and sensual. If you are ready, shall we go?" He rose from his chair and was only a few feet from her. "Oh, here is your mask, I nearly forgot." He reached beside the chair and picked up a small bag, handing it to her.
Opening the bag, Tammy saw a small feathered mask, not unlike ones you might see at Mardi Gras. It would definitely do to obscure her face, providing a little anonymity. She put it in her bag with her clothes and robe. "Thank you. I guess I should put the coat on before we leave your office. Will we be driving or walking to the location?"
"Oh, it is a short walk. A lovely evening, and I will be happy to have you on my arm, coat or no coat. One night it might be interesting to have you stroll the campus nude. Although that was done in the 1970's. We called it streaking." Mr Thomas helped her put her coat on and then opened the door and took her bag. "After you, Tammy."
-0-

The pair walked across campus attracting very little notice. It looked like any other pair; a faculty member and a student headed to or from a meeting or program. Nothing unusual except the student was naked beneath her coat. Tammy played with one of the buttons holding the coat closed. Undo it and a gust of wind could provide a passerby with an unexpected glimpse. Perhaps another time for that. She was heading to provide intentional glimpses. To the 'Faculty Jacks'. She giggled a little at the name. Whatever they wanted to call themselves. She didn't care, but the idea of publicly displaying herself was beginning to excite her more than she had originally thought.
They headed across the quadrangle and were approaching several classroom buildings and the old fieldhouse which still housed some recreational facilities and the pool. As they passed the first classroom building Mr. Thomas said "Turn here. Down this sidewalk and into the side entrance over there." He pointed to the fieldhouse. They entered and he motioned to go down the stairs to a lower level. Once on the lower level, Mr. Thomas went to a door at one corner of the floor and produced a key and unlocked it and held it open as Tammy entered. The outer hallway had been dim, but was brightly lit compared to the room she entered. There was an odd glow to the room. Then she saw it. There was a large plateglass window at one side of the room which looked into the pool. Or more precisely, looked into the water of the pool, about 4 feet below the surface and in the deep end of the pool.
"This was the viewing area for a variety of activities. Judges in swim meets could get an underwater look. Anatomy classes would come to view muscles in motion in an aquatic environment. Or perverts such as myself and select colleagues could come and watch bathing suits come off after a dive." Mr. Thomas explained. "The bluish glow provides a very surreal atmosphere, don't you think? It is interesting how your eyes become accustomed to it and you can see quite well. Our group will have no trouble viewing you in this light."
Tammy was watching several people in the pool and noticed exactly what Mr. Thomas had mentioned. A young man entered the water head first from a dive and his suit was around his knees when he approached the window. Before he could pull them up, Tammy got a very good look at his penis as it dangled in front of the glass.
"The best part is this is one way glass. You can see out, but even if we turn on lights, it is nearly impossible to see in here." Mr. Thomas added as if he had read her thoughts. "Now, the others will be joining us shortly. I would like you to make an entrance. I will introduce you and you can come out wearing the robe and stand on this small podium. Once up on it, you can remove the robe. I would suggest no conversation unless directly prompted by one of the group or by me. And of course, if you feel uncomfortable, need a break, whatever, you can call for me. Now, excuse me, I want to start the visual show."
Tammy went to the corner and continued to watch the swimmers. They were completely unaware that they were being observed. She had swam in this same pool. She remembered losing her top and having her bottoms come loose as well. Maybe she had provided some entertainment without knowing. She would never look at a pool quite the same way again. A bit more light came into the room. Mr. Thomas has set up a projector and was hooking up a laptop. Suddenly pictures of her came onto the flat wall across from the projector. A nice assortment of her private shots. As they scrolled, she noticed that some had been cropped and others had a blur across her face. True to his word, he had made the pictures less identifiable. She knew who it was, and the men would know it was her, but this suited her. It also made her feel a wave of warmth wash over her body. Especially when she looked and saw her picture with a dick firmly tucked into her pink labia. She could almost feel the sensation of when Dan had fucked her and taken that picture. She decided she should remove her coat and put on the mask. And reluctantly the robe.
-0-

Tammy was in the corner of the room covered with the robe and the shadows when the men started to arrive. There was a knock at the door and Mr. Thomas opened it and ushered several older men into the room. They did not notice her and began to collect at the window to watch the aquatic activity. The scene reminded her of being at the aquarium, watching the fish in their tanks. A few more knocks and more men entered. They greeted each other and soon it was rather loud in the small room. No one had seen her yet and only Mr. Thomas had looked over at her with a nod and a smile. It seemed that it was all going according to his plan.
One of the men had been watching the slide show on the wall and called out. "Hey Phil, I see you have some new porn for us. That one of your young conquests? I know that isn't your dick in her, it is way too big." The other men chuckled and continued to watch the slides or the live show in the pool.
"Now that we are assembled." Mr. Thomas talked above the din of the others, attempting to get their attention. "Hello, now that we are all here, I have a few announcements and a surprise. Take a seat, if you would." The group shuffled to the chairs that had been arranged around the podium.
"Should we just sit or do you want us naked yet? Didn't know we were going to get a lecture tonight." One of the group called out, again getting a few snickers from the group. The event had the feel or a fraternity or at least a 'boys night out'. Tammy liked the element of surprise that Mr. Thomas was setting up. It would be interesting to see the reaction of these men to her presence and to her body.
"Hope you have food for us, Phil. Jacking off makes me hungry." Another comment from the group.
"Yeah, then you should be fucking starving as much as you fuck off." Replied another to the laughs of several.
Mr. Thomas continued, despite the distractions. "A little decorum, please. I have a surprise for the group. Not only the new photos that you have been enjoying, but we have the model with us. In the flesh, as it were." He gave a slight signal to Tammy and she began walking forward. A murmur shot through the group when they saw her emerge from the shadows heading to the raised platform. "Gentlemen, our muse for the evening."
Tammy stepped up on the small stage which raised her several feet into the air. Once atop, she paused for effect. Mr. Thomas moved to his right and flipped a switch which turned on a small hi intensity light above her completely illuminating her. It also made it difficult to see the men before her, but that didn't bother her much. She could imagine them and her eyes would probably adjust. She undid the tie on the robe and let it fall from her shoulders exposing herself completely to the group, naked in the light except for the mask which covered her face.
There was a sharp intake of breath from the group, not really a gasp, but more a collective intake of breath. After a momentary pause, someone began to clap, followed by others. "Bravo, Thomas, you have really outdone yourself." Another voice chimed in "Magnificent, very inspiring." There were other comments in the group, more as whispers than as actual comments. Tammy detected some movement from the room and her eyes did begin to adjust to the lighting. The shapes began to take form as she looked out into the room.

The room was warm and a bit humid, probably because of the proximity to the pool. Tammy felt comfortable despite being naked. She could feel eyes on her, scrutinizing every feature, looking at her inch by inch. She felt her nipples harden even further, as if that was possible. The skin around them seemed as tight as it could be. If she had been alone, she would have rubbed them, and if she had been with a partner, she would have asked for them to be kissed, licked and bitten. She played that scene in her mind as she stood on the stage. A mouth on her breast, fingers rolling her nipples between them as she moaned.
The men had gathered around the podium to get a closer look at their model. Slowly, each man began to disrobe, some just dropping their clothes, others meticulously folding each garment. Phil Thomas was in the latter group. A neat stack of clothes was placed on his chair. He watched Tammy. She appeared motionless, standing on the platform. But upon closer observation, he could see her breathing, the slow rise and fall of her chest. He saw her nipples, hard and tight. He looked down to her belly and then down to the junction of her legs and torso. He could see the folds of her labia. Tender pink flesh hidden from casual view, yet visible to his and the others careful scrutiny. He moved around and took in her view from behind. A nice back, two dimples where her kidneys would be and the roundness of her well formed ass. She had taken a stand with her legs apart, so even from behind, he could see her sex. She appeared excited, her mound was full and he detected a bit of moistness in the pink slit. It was exciting to view a woman with this much attention and this close, but not touch her. He felt himself growing hard as he continued looking at her soft white skin in the light before him.
Her eyes had adjusted to the light and she could see the group of older men around her. Not unattractive, a few were a bit paunchy and the whiteness of their asses was almost laughable. She could see their cocks in various stages of readiness. A couple had started to stroke themselves, but she could see that she had their full attention. Every eye was fixed upon her. Some were looking at her tits, others examining her pussy, a few others including Mr. Thomas were checking out her ass. It was exciting to see these men watching her, looking at her body and getting aroused.
One man pulled something out of a bag he had brought. A round tube about a foot in length, pink in color. He moved back to a chair, sat down and began stroking himself and getting harder with each pull. He slipped the device over his cock and began to twist it and move it up and down. "What the fuck is that Davis? You bring your own fake cunt?" A voice called out, breaking the silence that had fallen over the group.
"It's a Fleshlight. And I wouldn't knock it until you've tried it. Be nice and I might let you borrow it." The seated man replied.
That exchange was enough to get the group talking and becoming more active in their stroking. Tammy heard Mr. Thomas. "No need to stand completely still, you can move if you want. Feel free to turn." She shifted her weight and began a slow turn on the stage. She watched the men as she rotated around. Each now had their cock firmly in their hands and each had their own pace of rubbing and stroking themselves. She saw Mr. Thomas as she turned. His dick in his hand and he moved his hand to the end and back down the shaft. She saw the tip of his cock was glistening with a drop of wetness being spread around the tip with the motion of his hand. She watched as he moved his had back and forth on his hard rod, faster and faster. His eyes were fixed on her before him.
It had probably only been a few moments, but it seemed longer. She watch other men rubbing their members, stroking and watching her. She could hear the breathing become faster the closer they came to climax. She was looking forward to watching that. She had seen men come before, but not this many, and not this detached. It excited her some to think about this group of men all becoming excited just because of her and how she looked.
The man with the fleshlight was the first. She saw him tense and arch his back. The tool contained his ejaculate, and he lay back in his chair as his cock proceeded to fill the container. Then another and another started to climax. Long strands of white cum shot from cock after cock. Tammy heard a variety of sounds, from low moans to "Oh, yessssss." Each man had his own way to express his finish.
She again turned to see Mr. Thomas. Their eyes met and she saw him begin to milk his cock hard and fast. He was clearly close to orgasm, and was clearly absorbing every inch of her body as he came closer and closer to climax. With a quick movement, he straightened and his cock began to throb shooting a spurt of white cum out onto the floor. Followed by another and another. The tip of his cock was covered in cum, his hand still moved up and back getting each drop from his dick. His eyes still locked on her but with a look of being spent, drained. A satisfied smile crossed his face.
The men had brought towels and cleaned themselves and their surroundings and began to get dressed. Several came up to Tammy for another look. Several "Mmmmmm"-ing in approval of what they saw. Before long, the entire group was clothed and milling around. One member cleared his throat and announced "I'm heading over to Murph's for a drink. Anyone interested?" Several nodded and said a one word acknowledgement. The door opened and the men began to file out.
All but Mr. Thomas. "Alright, Tammy. You can come down now. You were perfect. This was the best meeting of 'Faculty Jacks', well, ever."
Tammy stepped down but before she retrieved her robe she stood before Mr. Thomas. She looked at him and quietly said "The evening doesn't need to end quite yet. Are you interested in a private showing? Or more?"
"Interested?" Mr. Thomas replied. "Yes. But not here, and not tonight. You are still my student, here at my request. I will request a raincheck on that offer if I may."
Tammy felt slightly embarrassed, but she guessed he was right. She went to her bag in the corner and began to dress. This time she kept her back to Mr. Thomas. She didn't want him to see the disappointment in her eyes.
"I'll walk you back to your car, Tammy" Mr. Thomas offered. "It is not out of my way, and I want to tell you a couple of things."
"I'm fine. You don't need to, but it is very nice of you." Tammy replied as they left the room and headed outside.
"My pleasure." He held the door for her and they began to walk back to the parking lot. "You see, tonight you were here on an 'assignment'. This was your first modeling job in a sense, and I don't want that to be confused with any relationship we may have. That was why I declined your offer. Does that make sense?" He talked as much to himself as to Tammy who was walking beside him.
"Yes, I think so. And, to be honest, that was rather exciting. I did enjoy being the center of attention. And I did enjoy your attention." Tammy replied.
"Good. We will find a time and place more suited. And before I forget, I said you would find it rewarding." Mr. Thomas passed an envelope to Tammy.
"What is this?" Tammy stopped holding the envelope and turned to Mr. Thomas. She could see it held money and she wasn't sure if it was a bribe or if she was being paid like a hooker. She fluctuated between embarrassment and anger but chose to be confused allowing him to explain.
"This is just the standard modeling fee, $200 for the hour. You performed a professional service and you should be compensated. And if you decide to continue in this work, I know where you can get several excellent references." Mr Thomas' tone was professional. Not cold, but dispassionate. "Now you can see one reason for my declining your offer, I hope. I didn't want you to confuse the meaning of this payment."
Tammy decided to take the money. She could sort the details out later. Truly an interesting evening, to say the least. If nothing else, she may have found a part time position that she could truly enjoy. The pair walked on to their cars quietly. As they parted, Tammy turned to the older man beside her. "Thank you, Mr. Thomas. I will call you next week for an appointment. I think I want to discuss this further."
"I will look forward to that. I would like to discuss it further as well."
As they parted, Tammy fumbled with her keys and they fell to the ground with a jingle. As she looked down for them, Mr. Thomas shined a light on the ground. "Let me help you with that."

She spotted the keys and bent to pick them up, and felt his hand reach to her lower back and then down to her bottom. She lingered in picking up her keys and wiggled her ass a little. His hand stayed firmly on it as she stood up."
"I don't need to leave quite yet." Mr. Thomas said in a low voice. His hand moved up on her back and pulled Tammy closer. "I think you will find my backseat quite spacious. More than enough room for both of us." He tapped his keys and unlocked his car which was conveniently only a few spots away. They were close enough to the light to have some visibility, but not directly under it. Tammy wondered if that was a happy accident or if he had parked there on purpose as she slid into the back of his dark sedan.
The door closed and Mr. Thomas moved close and kissed Tammy deeply. His hand went beneath her coat and began to cup her breast, massaging her chest as his tongue found hers. Both were breathing heavily in short order. Tammy found the excitement from earlier, from being watched, welling up inside her again. A warm feeling coupled with a moistness between her legs excited her even more.
"It has been a long time since I have done double duty in the same night, but you seem to have me primed. I've long admired your lips, Tammy. And after seeing the pictures pf you sucking those young cocks, well, I wondered..." Mr. Thomas leaned slightly away and undid his belt, then his pants. Tammy smiled and reached down and helped him lower them to his knees.
"I was hoping we would get a chance to do this, and perhaps more." Tammy saw the pink tip of his cock poke from the top of his underwear. She took the waistband and lowered it, revealing his hardness. She reached and took his cock in her hand and began to slowly stroke it. She smiled as she felt it harden even more to her touch. "Mmmm, It looks good. I must taste it." She licked her lips and lowered her head onto his hard dick, licking the tip as she took it into her mouth. She sucked and drew her head back off him. Releasing it with a "smack" of her lips. She looked and his eyes were closed and he was obviously enjoying her mouth. "Do you want me to suck your cock some more, Mr. Thomas?" She asked, knowing the answer, but wanting to hear him ask for it.
"Yes Tammy, suck me off. Take my cock and make it cum, I want to shoot a hot load of cum in your mouth and have you suck it dry." Mr. Thomas sounded much different than she had ever heard. His hand went to her head and pushed it back down on his dick. "There, that is where your mouth belongs, suck it. Suck it and if you do it well, I may reward you by licking your pussy until you cum." He thrust his cock deep into her mouth and held her head on it.
Hearing him talk to her like that made Tammy even hotter. She imagined the windows were starting to steam up, but she didn't look nor did she care. She moved up and down in his hard cock, sucking and licking. She used one hand to stroke it and bobbed her head on him, as much as she could while he held her head in place. It was a delicious combination of him fucking her mouth and she sucking his cock. Hard to tell where one action stopped and the other began. Her tongue circled the tip in her mouth and found the hole in the top. There was salty liquid around it which tasted good and made Tammy suck more, lick more. Finally Mr. Thomas exhaled deeply, arched his back and his cock began to throb in Tammy's mouth. She felt the cum that she had seen explode out of him earlier on the back of her throat. Wave after wave spurted into her mouth, filling her.
She pulled away from his cock and licked a final few drops from his tip. She looked at him and tilted her head back swallowing his hot load in an obvious display of satisfaction. Now it was her turn to lean back. She had been right, the windows were steamed, but enough light came in to see a smile spread across Mr. Thomas' face. "I hope that was satisfactory, Mr. Thomas. Good enough to earn some of that licking you promised?" She asked coyly.
"Very satisfactory, Tammy. Lean back and I will return the favor." Mr. Thomas moved forward and removed Tammy's dark yoga pants revealing that she had nothing on beneath them. He lowered them to her ankles and freed one leg completely, placing it behind his head. His hand moved to the junction of her leg and torso. "My, you are quite wet already. I'll see if I can add to that." A finger moved across her pink lips sending a shiver through her body. He raised the finger to his mouth and tasted her juices. "Ah, nectar of the gods. I can't wait to taste more." He lowered his face to her pussy and let his tongue glide to her moist, pink labia. A finger darted inside and a second. They spread her as his tongue slid in and out and around her pussy. She rocked and moved with him as he ate her. His second hand moved under her ass, pushing her tightly to his mouth. Fingers fought with his tongue to gain control of her wet folds. Having been aroused for the better part of the evening she surprised herself at how quickly she was on the verge of climax. This direct attention of his tongue and fingers on her clit sent waves of shivers through her. She was going to cum and cum hard.
A low moan that seemed to swell up from her toes began. She felt a wave wash over her, then another. He spread her apart and thrust his fingers two, no three as deep in her as they would go. His other hand had a finger positioned at her tight anus and it slid slowly into her ass as she felt his tongue lick the hard little button of her clit. Another wave and she bit her lip as she heard someone moan louder. Was that her? "Fuck, ohhhhhhh FUCK... Ohhhhhhhhhh" Her hand went to his and tried to pull it off. She tried to move from his fingers and tongue, but they were joined as if they could never part. "Ohhhh, please, enough, ohhhh." She finally felt him move away. She was spent. Completely drained and she slumped to the seat. Eyes closed. Hot. Exposed.
She felt his hand on her waist. Turning her. She was too drained to even ask, but turned slightly and looked back at him. She saw his eyes. Again they looked at her, coveting every inch of her exposed skin. He raised her ass slightly, enjoying the soft flesh of it as he rubbed one cheek. "You certainly have an effect on me, Tammy. I'm hard again and will need to use your pussy to relieve myself. It is so hot and wet, I should have no trouble fucking you. Take it all inside you, my little muse." She felt his cock positioned at the entrance to her vagina. She had never felt so tired, utterly exhausted, but also excited. She moved slightly, which was all she could manage. Mr. Thomas thrust in, sliding his hard cock into her wetness. It filled her and felt wonderful as it touched her deep inside. He pulled back and thrust again. And again. His hands were on her hips pulling her into him as he thrust again and again and again. Tammy closed her eyes and enjoyed the motion and the sensation of him filling her with his cock.
She heard him first, the strong "Ahhhhh" as he exhaled and then she felt his cock stiffen and spasm. For the third time that night she had made him climax. Tammy smiled at that. Not bad for an old man. She must have some power. She smiled also because she felt warm, satisfied, spent.
Both collapsed on the bench seat in the rear of his car, not speaking, but enjoying each other in semi naked silence. Finally Mr. Thomas spoke. "I would be more than happy to drive you home if you would like." Still the gentleman, he produced a handkerchief from a pocket and offered it to her to clean herself. "You may keep it, launder it and return it if you want."
Tammy looked. The cloth hand his embroidered initials 'PT' on it. "No need for the ride. I found my keys. And more." Tammy smiled cleaned a little and picked up her clothes. For the second time that night she would wear just a coat as she got out of the car and walked to her car. She felt a pair of eyes watch her cross the pavement and get into her car. She couldn't resist one little flip of her coat to reveal her bare ass to those eyes coming from the foggy windows of Mr. Thomas' dark sedan. She started her car and drove off to her apartment. She did hope the gentlemen required her services again.