Wednesday morning bright and early...
Josie McKellen went straight to her classroom, being literally the first person in all of Horton-Dexter. This being the first day of their lapsed dress code she made it special by wearing her skimpiest outfit to date. With Piper Cherry's orchestrated assist, Tiffany Martin, the sole underage student in her 1st. period class was to be removed again for her second day in a row, forced to retake her Psyche test all over for failing so miserably. Shameless for certain but Piper had promised to always look out for her bestie. Even Principal Carl Manley would have a talk with Tiffany over her first test's answers. Tiffany was feeling nuts having to take it again. Poor kid! Luckily she was naïve enough to comply without arguing. This was likely the last time they could help Josie going forward.
After yesterday being ravished by both her favorite boy toy Reese Teller as promised, not too mention being eaten alive by her girl students Josie was ravenous. What she did miss was a promised anal thrashing. Topping things off with another round of lustful play in the gymnasium, then finally her lover Roman, she just couldn't get enough. Last night her husband Henry didn't know what hit him when she came home late and went straight to bed. He didn't even hear her get up and leave this morning. She just left him a text saying she loved him and they would talk in the evening. He had enough on his mind not to let it bother him. Another text told the girls to catch another ride with Piper Cherry. They were getting really confused over their parents relationship. They really needed to buy them a bus pass.
Sneaking into school long before any of the other faculty members or students, Josie just sat in wait like Reese prompted her to. It gave her time to think about her stupidity in engaging with her students, but she was too far gone now. All she wanted was excitement. Piper had warped her ethics and there was no turning back.
Daringly she just wore a pale blue satin chemise straight from her SUV to her class. She did bring a regular dress to slip on before her 2nd. period class but until then, this chemise was fucking soft and sexy, slightly see through at that. Perfumed up for her lovers she awaited at her desk until she heard talking coming down the hallway. Reese was easy enough to make out, but the other male voices not so known to her, likely a few of his team members coming back for more. Touching herself in preparation she was already wet and steamy. Eying the doorway Reese stepped into view and just stood there as if smug and defiant, arms crossed.
"Are you going to come inside?"
"Like a torpedo." He growled.
"Mmmmm!"
"Come to me." He motioned. "Hands and knees."
"Oh my! Are the others with you? I heard voices."
"What did I say?" He raises his voice with a stern tone.
"On my way." She melted at his direct attitude, craving more dominance of late. This was a good start. Standing up she did a twirl in step to show off her chemise then dropped to her knees, finally over on to all fours. Stalking toward him like a panther in heat she met him in the doorway. Before she could attempt any seduction he stepped back further to the wall across the hall, bordering Kevin Fowler's classroom. Unzipping his pants he digs in and whips out a healthy beast nice and erect. "Mmmm! I remember him."
"Heel!" He points to the floor in front of him. Purring under her breath she took the risk of being caught and prowled out to reach him. To her left stood five of his fellow basketball players watching. She bulged her eyes and just went for it. These boys were not in her 1st. period class but she knew them well enough to know they had admired her many times, especially when she took turns sitting on their cocks in the gym yesterday afternoon. These boys did not get nearly as much of her attention as others, today that would change.
Reaching Reese she reared up and let him slap his cock on her face three times. "Open wide." She did so and he slid his dick into her throat. "Suck it like you're in love." Her warm lips closing around his girth he rolled his eyes back, then returned his gorgeous brown eyes toward her with a sneer in his gaze, as if unhappy with her. Moaning she intently devoted soft tender throat thrusts, gentle hands palming his balls in hopes to appease his look of distaste. Reese frowned at Josie as she looked up at him with doe like eyes as he huffed to his allies in wait, "I told you guys...she's a whore."
Josie didn't quite approve of his name calling but let it pass, his dick was throbbing hard on her tongue and turning her on. This was only the second time giving head to a student, but this one she had a minor crush on. Feeling rather worried that her trust was betrayed by he telling others not in her class about her behavior she just prayed this would not blow up in her face. Well, he could blow up in her face that was a different story. A nice morning facial sounded really good. If not from him maybe she would have time to catch a wave from Roman later. For now this was all about being...okay his whore. Maybe she was. Definitely a whore.
"Lift your skirt, they deserve to see that sexy ass of yours."
While thrusting back and forth she released his balls and tugged her chemise upward over her hips to her waist. Moving behind her the boys enjoyed the tour guide's tight heart shaped bottom. A pair of his fellow players knelt down behind her and rubbed her ass, her eyes gradually retreating into her brow at their caresses. Reese ended her blowjob early and lifted her chin with his fingertips. "Stand up."
Up she went letting her chemise slither down over her butt cheeks, her adoring fans joining her in standing up behind her. Easing into Josie, Reese leaned in to kiss her for a warm tender moment, Josie melting at his warm lips. "Don't think of this as betrayal. I know you do. This is a full court press. My boys here are loyal too me, therefore loyal to you. We want you too badly to botch this up by ratting any further. This body is ours." He fluttered his fingertips down over her lightly tanned arms. "Understand?"
"I'm fine with that."
"Every Wednesday morning you meet us forty minutes early, right here in the hallway."
"When I can. I do have a family and obligations too. But, yes I'd love that."
"This flimsy thing you call a dress stays in your classroom. Every morning that you meet with us you wait out here naked, laying on the floor with your legs wide. Whichever one of us shows up you fuck."
"Mmmm! What about in my class? Well, when Tiffany isn't around."
"Oh, I'm tapping you as much as I can. I've talked to the guys and the girls and we're all in for making your day, every day. We'll figure out the Tiffany situation."
"Reese? I can't promise this every Wednesday. I..." He palms her throat with both hands cutting off her words with a soft sensuous choke of control. Behind her the two boys drag her thin chemise straps from her shoulders and peel her gown over her contours and to the floor. Trembling with excitement she whimpers at Reese's hardened expression. Releasing her throat he places a single finger to her lips for silence. As he retreats the two boys move in to kiss her shoulders and inwardly toward both sides of her neck. Reese walking away allows the other three boys to surround her and kiss her chest, one of them dropping to his knees in front of her to lick her clit and finger her. As she seals her eyes Reese lifts his cell out and records their passionate trail of lips and tongues.
"Ohhhhhhhh!" She mumbles enjoying their reign. Panting slowly consoling their needs, she finds herself lost in time. Cumming under her assailant's tongue diligently flicking her clit, fingers poised to insert straight up into her she moans until a shrill chaotic squeal escapes her throat.
"We love you Mrs. M." The boys kissing her neck whisper into her ear separately. Those kissing her nipples rise to kiss her cheeks as if rehearsed, "We love you too." Shivering she shares a sigh of contentment, peering down at her kneeling lover. "I love this pussy." He changed the verse.
"I love your tongue...your fingers...all of you. I'll do my best to be here each Wednesday morning."
"How?" Reese speaks from behind her.
"Naked. On my back. Legs wide to greet you in."
"Why are you doing this?"
"I'm a nympho."
"Our nympho."
"If you like. Please bring condoms." Not one of them nodded in agreement.
"Bend over, touch the floor." Reese instructed, her kissing bandits easing away to give her room. She leans forward and does as told feeling Reese grip her hips and plunge his cock deep inside her trickling cunt. His persistent thrusts sent her mind reeling. "Horton-Dexter owns you Slut."
"Fuck me harder Reese." She pleads moaning in soft iterations of, "Yesss! Yesss! God yessss!"
"Fuck your pussies tight."
"Your dick is just big." She hissed as his left hand roamed over her spine to give her goosebumps of pleasure. With a nod to his buddies one of them whipped out his cock and stood in front of her, bending over to pull her up by her hair and coax her mouth around his awaiting six inch pecker. Gripping her head he face fucked her to a symphony of, "AK! AK! AK! AK!" Another boy wet his index finger stepping to her left hip then teased her anal pucker before sinking his finger inside. Josie came instantly on Reese's cock, yet he had no desire to stop and just let her juices fall to the tile.
"She likes it in her ass." The boy chuckled, "Mrs. M had an orgasm the second I installed my finger." Minor orgasm but a real one was brewing. The two boys loitering took their dicks out and stood to each side of her and claimed her hands, curling fingers around their cocks. She took over instantly jerking them off. Pretty impressive multitasking at that.
Cumming in her mouth first, Reese followed Jameson jizzing up into her cunt. She yelped at his piercing liquid projectiles and rallied another verse of, "YESSSSSSSSSSSSSS!" She swallowed her mouthful after her verse ceased then lured her handiwork boys in front of her to take turns sucking them off. Cellphones captured her every loving movement. Two more dicks nutting into her face as she brings her mouth to a stop and just leaves her jaw wide with expectation.
Both boys jerking off on their own flooded her mouth, chin, nose, even her temple. Guided to the floor and pressed down into her own sticky slimy mess on the tile, her anal attentive loyalist dropped his pants and knelt down between her legs and spat on her pucker, now that he had played with her anus to prepare it he lined his crown up and sank it deep into her. "FUUUUUUUUUUUUCK! THAT FEELS GOOD."
"Like that Mrs. M?"
"Shut up and fuck me before I run out of time." She begged clawing the tile with a screech of her nails. Her boy toy fucked her ass gruffly, prying her ass cheeks wide to view his beast ramming in and out. Another cell cam moment caught it all including her begging for harder, faster. It was then Reese Teller realized that he had neglected to tap her ass as promised. Another time he swore.
Five minutes of anal love he nutted and pulled out slowly, her ass a cream pie for the camera. As she caught her breath they hid the shared cell and got dressed. Crawling for her discarded chemise one of the boys took it from her and tossed it at Reese. With the five fellow ballplayers waving goodbye with, "See you around Mrs.M." She only had enough energy to wave back. Reese inhaled her chemise and sighed.
"Love the perfume. Need some help?"
"That would be nice." She huffed lifting up on her hands. To her shock Reese clutched her by the hair roughly and guided her on to all fours. Making her crawl back into her classroom his grip on her shoulder length brown hair, he escorted her to her desk and let her take a seat in her swivel. Reaching for her chemise Reese shook his head, "Naaaa! Let's just keep you naked."
"Carl might walk in."
"Or, your lover Roman."
"I'm not worried about about Roman he would just think I was waiting for him."
"Come on Josie do you really care who sees your whore ass?"
"Hopefully not my daughters."
"Pretty sure they know what you're like by now."
"GOD!" She collapses her head into her arms atop her desk, "That's all I need."
"Did you really think you could do the things you do and it not spread like wildfire? I mean we're loyal but some things just as they say are honor among thieves. We take, you give. Be honest...do you want to just go back to being a loyal housewife?"
"I was never loyal Reese." She sighed. "I crave way to much sex. Way more than my husband can offer. Hell, even what Roman gives me isn't enough. You should sense that by now."
"Exactly why I say Horton-Dexter owns you. Concerning Dakota and Sable? We all like your girls Josie. None of us want to destroy your family."
"That's probably too late. My husband and I have agreed to do as we please and still keep our love intact. The girls will learn to live with our lifestyle. I...don't know why I'm telling you this."
"You can talk to me about anything. There's always Piper, she's a Counsellor."
"You know she's as bad as I am." Josie laughs.
"Ohhhh, I know. Question is...do you know how bad she's really being?"
"I think so." Josie winces, "Is she hiding something from me?"
"Sorry! Sworn to secrecy. Find out on your own." He chuckles. "I hear students. Probably faculty members. Good thing we're on the second floor. Even safer...on the third floor."
"That's a hint if I ever heard one. Piper's doing things in Detention isn't she?"
"I wouldn't know." He rolls his eyes whistling. "Never been in Detention."
"That bitch."
"Hogging all that cock to herself." He laughs.
"Some secret keeper you are. Now you have me worried."
"Don't be." He frowns, "Seriously, you two sluts are so fucking hot the entire school would lie to keep you safe and us happy."
While she ponders everything Mimi Alexander walks by Josie's doorway and looks in dropping her jaw at seeing her nude. Stepping inside wearing her own dress, much shorter than the day before due to the dress code arrangement and her own tested bravado she whispers, "Where are your clothes?" Josie merely scowls and points toward Reese. Ducking her head in further Mimi spots Reese waving Josie's chemise like a white flag.
"Are you crazy?" Mimi frets, "Get dressed before your other students arrive." She takes it upon herself to go after it pointing at Reese to hand it over. Relenting he gives it to Mimi and she marches directly up to Josie. "Don't do this Josie. I love you."
"I love you too Mimi." Josie pries her cum coated butt from her chair and takes the dress putting it on. "Better?"
"Yes! Wow! That's not a dress is it?"
"Nope! Pretty much a nightie."
"Oh my Lord. I'm going to pray for you."
"Couple million Hail Mary's on my part I'm sure."
"I give up. You and Piper are..."
"I know...insane. You will see...it's contagious."
"I was going to say..." Mimi leans in to whisper, "Inspirational. I left my panties at home again today. " She shyly bends lower behind Josie's desk and hikes her skirt to prove it. Josie smiled and blew her a kiss.
"Feels good doesn't it?" She hugs the Art Teacher.
"Tomorrow I'll try going without a bra." Another whispered revelation.
"Like I said yesterday, welcome to the club Mimi. You better go set up your class." With a snicker and a blush Mimi was gone. The second she was out of her sight Josie peeled her dress back off and put it in her desk drawer. Pointing at Reese she said, "Don't let me regret this Reese. Oh, by the way..."
"Yeah?"
"I LOVE YOUR COCK!" She giggled and shivered with rejoice. "You owe me anal Mister!"
"Who owns you Mrs.M?"
"HORTON-DEXTER! Damn proud of it."
Risking it Josie sat on her desk and awaited her class to show up. Once a few loyalists did they kept watch as her students enjoyed her body in one fashion or another. Logan and Abe had their dicks sucked right in front of the class, her head count was getting higher. Josie even ate out Vanessa. Compliments on their own defiance of the dress code leading to girls with multiple shirts unbuttoned all the way down to their navels, just like Josie's daughter had been doing all week long. Skirts so short that cunts were seen and touched by both the girls and the guys. Reese even fucked April on Josie's desk. The cad!
ORGY in Romeoville. It was supposed to be Hamlet this week but hey, you read one William Shakespeare you read them all. In defense of Hamlet, heads were held high.
"To be or not to be?" Reese asked Josie.
"Oh, I be."
A slut that is.
Answer to that question.