This is actually the beginning of the first story I wrote. There are at least 10 chapters to follow. It contains many themes of group sex, loving wives, exhibitionism, and incest through the entire story I will try and post each in the best category I can.
You will notice that some of the chapters are almost duplicates of stories I've already published. That's because those stories were taken out of this one and edited to be standalone pieces. They are:
Becoming a slut at my summer job
Becoming a hot mom
A girl needs comfort
Watching the pool party
Friends and family miss the playoffs.
In this context they are longer and part of a larger narrative. Enjoy.
*****
Friday
Wow, where do I start. I guess I'll start with who I am. My name is Tina and I am 21 years old. When you hear the rest of this you will be shocked I am 21, but I am. I live at home with my mom, her boyfriend, and my 18 year old brother. Mom's boyfriend has 2 kids, a girl 18 and a boy 19. They stay with us sometimes too.
I go to the local college and I am a liberal arts major. This year I took a summer job working in the office of a small insurance firm. My dad knows the owner and got me the job. That's how this all started.
The office is small. 7 people. Our boss, 2 guys in sales, a woman who does books, a tech guy, a woman who does marketing, and me. It's a small close knit group. Half of what they say to each other would be grounds for sexual harassment suits. No one cares, it's all funny, but it contributed to what happened. I answer phones, act as receptionist and do whatever they ask me to do.
The day it all started was just a normal day. We were expecting a client. It was someone everyone in the office knew except me. Having just started I had not met him yet. His name was Dave.
He showed up around 10. Now, I know he is 52. When I saw him I thought he was 40 something. He was not super handsome, but he was better than average. He was tall, a bit overweight, but in that way you'd think you don't want to fight him.
What stood out was he was funny. From the moment he walked in he had me laughing or giggling. He was a flirt but not in a creepy way. I could see why everyone liked him. We chatted, laughed, he met with my boss, he came out, we chatted and laughed some more. Then he left. Nothing unusual.
The next day he sent an email to me. Nothing wild, just a normal welcome aboard, nice meeting you, looking forward to working with you. I responded saying it was fun meeting him and I hope to see him again. That was the starting point. Right there. That's when I invited him in.
He responded that he would not be back for a while but that we could chat by email if I wanted. I said I'd like that. I actually liked the idea. I had free time in the office and chatting with this witty guy would be fun. I gave him my personal email and text and told him to stay in touch.
During that day he sent me a few funny things. Nothing out of the ordinary for me but they were things that obviously required thought and an understanding of my sense of humor. I was enjoying the conversation and light flirting.
The next day there was a good morning email. He asked what I was doing. I said nothing, that the office was slow today. He said I should spice it up. I asked how and he said, "You're a pretty girl, I am sure you could spice up any room."
I replied and asked how he suggested I do that. His response was that he could think of something.
I asked him to tell me, and he asked if that was a dare.
I hesitated. I'd played truth or dare in high school, it was always sexual. Was this conversation going that way? I figured what the hell, a dare or two might be fun. So I said yes, I dared him to tell me how to spice up my day. In return he said only if I promised to do it. I told him I promised. After all, he was not here and no one could force me to do anything.
He said. "Before I dare you, tell me what you wore to work".
I was feeling flirty so why not. I guess you want to know about me. I am 5'2 125. I have long brown hair to the middle of my back. I am told I am pretty. I don't have that angular straight line face models have. Mine is more round girl next door.
I was wearing a blue pleated skirt and a cream blouse. He wanted more. How long was the skirt, how many buttons on the blouse, was I wearing stockings, and what I was wearing underneath.
This was a little fun. He was in another state, so what harm in telling him. I told him I was wearing a matching thong and bra, white with pink lace. He responded appreciatively.
He said, "Here is your dare. Pull your skirt up so you are not sitting on the back. So you can feel your ass against the seat. Let the front fall where it may."
The dare was pretty easy. My desk was where everyone could see me, but people are busy and no one was looking. I agreed and while sitting pulled my skirt up as far as it would go. Then I scootched up just enough to pull my skirt out from under me.
Just as I did that I looked to my left. One of the sales guys, Tom, had seen me. I felt my heart jump. I also had to admit it was hot. My skirt front was about 2" from my crotch and I was caught pulling it up.
I quickly told my friend what happened. He asked how it made me feel getting caught. I had to admit it was a rush of excitement. Even though I'm 21 and don't have a lot of experience, I always liked being looked at.
Even when I was younger , I realized my brothers friends were checking me out. I loved it. I would often let them catch glimpses of me in just a T and panties. If they were over I'd wear something tight to show off a bit. Once my dad walked in on me as I was getting out of the shower. He said sorry and quickly closed the door. I almost ran to my room to play with myself. I still sometimes think of that when I masterbate.
Here I was showing off in the office. My heart was beating faster. I was very nervous but I had to admit it was also fun. I told him exactly how I felt. He asked me if it was a turn on knowing I'd been caught. It was and I told him. He asked me if the sales guy was still checking me out. I looked over. He was looking at me but all of a sudden he turned and looked away. I pretended I didn't notice.
I told Dave he was looking at me.
I took a makeup mirror out of my desk and put it on top in a position where I could see Tom. I could see he kept on checking out my legs as I sat there. Again I told Dave what was happening. He again asked me how I felt about it. I started to see a pattern. Every time he asked me about something he asked me how I felt about it.
I told Dave exactly how I felt. He asked if I was ready for my next dare.
I was intrigued now. The last one was fun. Tom was still checking me out. I wondered what next dare would be.
I told Dave I was ready. He said I dare you to scratch your upper thigh almost all the way to the band of your panties pulling your skirt up as you go. I thought about it. I knew Tom kept looking. I know if I did the dare he would see me do it. The idea both scared and excited me.
I told Dave okay. Dave responded for me to tell him when I'd done it and what, if any, was the sales reps reaction. I still had my make up mirror on my desk. I dropped my hand to my thigh and started scratching my thigh. The sales rep saw me and just watched. I could see him by looking in the mirror. He kept glancing away hoping I wouldn't catch him but he looked more and more.
Slowly I slid my skirt up as I scratched. As I did the Tom looked away less and less. I could feel the front of my skirt slide up. It was pretty much in my lap. As my hand moved up I was exposing more and more of my leg. Since I wasn't sitting on my skirt I also was exposing the side my ass. By the time I got to the top Tom was just staring at me. I pretended not to notice.
I pulled my hand away I let my skirt fall back into place. The side dropped down but the front stayed almost up to my waist. If someone came to my desk they would see my panties. I'm not sure if the sales rep could see them from where he was.
I told Dave would happened. Again he asked me how I felt. I told him I was extremely nervous but that was really fun. He asked me again if I was turned on. I had to admit my pussy was wet. I just told him it made me feel sexy. He asked if I wanted my next dare.
I knew that I shouldn't but I was feeling excited and said, "Yes."
The next dare was to call the sales rep over to my desk and show him something or ask him a question. I knew that if I called him over he would see right up my skirt. My panties would be on full display. I told Dave I couldn't do it. He said yes I could and coaxed me to do it. I finally agreed. I have to admit I wanted to do it from the start but hesitated wondering the consequences. I also enjoyed the feeling of being told what to do.
I called Tom over. I thought he was going to fall over himself getting to my desk. When he got there it was obvious he could see my panties. He was trying not to stare but he was doing it poorly. I could not believe I was doing this but it felt hot. Feeling brave I pushed back from my desk a little giving him a good view. I gave him the papers I'd called him over for and he went back to his desk.
I told Dave what happened. Again he asked me how I felt. By this time I was feeling hot and excited. It made me feel very sexy to show off. He was making me see a side of myself I didn't really realize I had.
All I said was, "This is hot."
He asked me if I was ready for my next dare. I knew it would be something more. I wasn't sure what I could do but I was very curious as to what he would ask. Again I knew I shouldn't do it but I couldn't help myself.
I said, "Yes."
It was now lunchtime. Being a poor college student I usually eat lunch at my desk. Most of the staff goes out. Dave asked me who was in the office. I told him just the two sales reps. One was working. The other one, the one who watched me show off, well, I don't think he wanted to leave his desk. Dave gave me my next dare.
He told me to go to the bathroom and tuck the back of my skirt into my panties. He told me to come out walk by the two sales reps. If they said anything I was to fix my skirt. If they didn't when I sat down I was supposed to pretend to notice and say "oh my God. Why didn't you tell me my skirt was up. ". My heart was beating fast. If I did this dare my ass would be on full display to both the sales reps.
I'm not sure what possessed me to say yes, but I did. I got up and walked to the restroom. When I got there I looked in the mirror. I asked myself why am doing this. I could see my face was flushed. I could also tell my panties were getting soaked. I reach behind me and tucked the back of my skirt into my panties. I checked it out in the mirror. With just the little bit I tucked in you really couldn't see much. I hesitated. Then I tucked more into my panties. Now my ass was on full display.
My heart was pounding. I walked out of the restroom and passed the two sales guys. I could feel them both staring. After a moment Bill, the sales guy I hadn't been showing off to, told me my skirt was tucked in my panties. I reached back pretending to be surprised. I pulled it out of my waistband and let it fall into place. As I did I thanked him for telling me. Bill laughed and said that he didn't want to tell me but he felt obligated. He was enjoying the view.
I laughed and for some reason I don't understand I reached back flipped skirt up and said, "There happy now," as it fell back in the place.
Bill said not really but it was a start.
I went back to my desk and told Dave exactly what happened. The first thing he said was, "Good girl ".
I don't know why but those words really made me feel good. I like that he called me a good girl. He asked me if I was having fun. I replied that I was. He asked if I was ready for my next dare.
I said okay. After all I was having a lot of fun. Showing off was exciting me. Being told what to do also excited me. Dave told me to pull the back of my skirt up so I was sitting on it again. He told me from now on I should always wear a skirt or dress to work and never sit on the back of it. I should always flip it up before I sat down.
I just said, "Okay."
I reached down pull the back of my skirt up. As I did it I noticed Tom looking right at me. I just smiled at him and pulled the skirt up. Tom smiled back. Now he knew that I knew he was looking. He also knew I did not mind. Again I could feel how wet my pussy was. I was actually thinking of going in the restroom and masturbating.
I told Dave I did it and that Tom watched me while I did it. Again the question came. How did I feel. I told him I was feeling sexy and hot. He asked me if I was wet. This was the first reference to my body. I hesitated, and told him I was.
Again he said, "Good girl."
Again I felt a rush of excitement when he said it.
Tom was still looking at me. I said, "Take a picture it will last longer."
He laughed and said, "I should've taken a picture when you walked out of the rest room."
" Yeah, you'd probably like it if I walked around without a skirt all day, " I replied.
He of course said he would.
Sarcastically I said, " I'm sure the rest of the office would appreciate it."
He said, "They wouldn't care. None of them will be back this afternoon."
I asked where they'd all gone and he told me. There was a meeting with our accounting firm. The tech guy was working from home and our marketing person was meeting with a vendor.
"Oh," I said, "and what do you think Bill would say?"
Bill, obviously listening to our conversation, chimed in. "I second Tom's opinion."
Tom and I both laughed at that.
I just laughed and said I don't think I should but it sounds fun. I then told Dave about the conversation. He said that it sounded like fun and told me I should do it. I responded that that was ridiculous. After all, what was I supposed to do, just stand up and take my skirt off. He then gave me a list of instructions.
Scratch my thigh the way I did before. When I caught Tom looking smile at him and say, "enjoying the view?" When he responded I was to say, "I suppose you would really like it if I were working without a skirt on."
Whatever he replied I was stand up, say, "What the hell, and let it fall to the floor.
I could not believe it. There was no way I could do that. I mean we had a flirty office but this was crossing the line. Then again, as I read what he wanted me to do admit I almost came right then and there. Chatting with Dave I put up some resistance. I didn't say no way. I said I didn't think I could do it, told him he was crazy, and said the guys would freak out. Dave said he bet they would love it.
I looked over and again saw Tom looking at me. I smiled and he smiled back. As I looked at him, I thought of Dave's instructions. My hand almost with the will of its own went down to my thigh and started scratching my leg. As Tom watched and I looked at him I swell we scratched my leg and pulled my skirt up like I did before. He kept watching and I kept looking at him.
The words came out of my mouth just as Dave told me too. "Are you enjoying the view? "
Tom's reply was. "You have great legs."
I responded, "I suppose you would really like it if I working without a skirt on."
I could not believe I said it. As I did my heart was beating a mile a minute. I could think of Dave online wanting to give me the next step. I wonder what more I could do. Then Tom replied.
He laughed and said, "You're not brave enough."
Wow, that gave me the excuse to actually do it. I don't even think I hesitated. I stood up, unzipped my skirt, and let it fall to the floor. I look at Tom and said, "Is that better?"
He was just staring at me mouth open. I looked at Bill, he was staring too. There I was standing at my desk in just my thong, top, and heels.
Before Tom could respond Bill said, That's almost perfect."
I did a little pirouette and said, "I hope you're happy now," and sat down.
I started typing to Dave telling him exactly what happened. As I was typing it I was reliving it in my mind. I felt hot as hell. I think if one of the guys wanted to fuck me I would've bent over my desk right then and there.
Dave responded that he knew I could do it. He told me he was proud of me. Having him tell me that made me feel good. Why was I enjoying the strangers approval so much.
As I was typing Bill commented that he didn't see what color my thong was. I was telling Dave all as it was happening.
Dave just responded "Well show him."
I didn't even hesitate. I just stood up, pulled the hem of my shirt up so my navel was showing, and said, "White and pink".
I could tell they did not expect that. They were both speechless.
As I stood there Bill came to his senses and said, "You have a great belly."
I was really enjoying the compliments. Tom asked me if my bra matched. I told him it did. He said he'd like to see. Teasingly I pulled my top up and exposed my bra. They both complimented me and told me I had a great body and that my bra and panties were cute.
I said, "Ok, I have work to do. I can't be parading around ½ naked all afternoon."
As I went to sit down Bill commented that since I'd shown them my bra anyways, why don't I work with my top off. I responded that they would not get any work done. They laughed. Bill replied that he was pretty caught up anyway.
I laughed, sat down, and started telling Dave everything that happened. He asked me if I was enjoying showing off. I told him. I told him exactly how I felt. After all, I really was. I always knew I liked to flirt but this was way past flirting. This was being an exhibitionist. As I thought of that word, a hot flash went from my pussy to my brain. I immediately realized that the total idea of showing off thrilled me to the bone. I was an exhibitionist.
I'd been sitting for a few minutes. The guys had gone back to their work. I was having a hard time concentrating. All I could think of is standing up, taking off my top, and showing the guys my bra. I told Dave and he said "Just do it."
What? Just stand up, take off my shirt? Just like that? What would the guys think? Could I really just do that? I typed my doubts to Dave.
His response, "You'd love it. So would they."
I could not believe I was actually considering this. The conversation had passed. If I were to do it now it would be a deliberate act not just a response to some teasing. Dave was encouraging me online. I was resisting but my resistance was getting lamer and lamer. All the while my pussy was getting wetter and wetter. Finally, my pussy won. I stood up, went to get a file. The guys eyes followed my ass as I walked. When I turned around they were both looking at me. I looked at one, then the other.
I just said, "OK," and I pulled my top off.
Here I was standing in the middle of the office in front of Bill and Tom in my bra, panties, and heels and I was loving it. They were both telling me how beautiful and sexy I was. I felt both. I saw Bill's eyes drop to my panties. The thin white material stretched over my pussy. I realized suddenly how wet I was and that they could see the wetness on my panties.
I started to blush, but also realized I wanted them to know. I could feel their eyes on me. It just made me wetter.
Bill was the first to say something. "Looks like you're enjoying this too."
He was right and we all knew it. I didn't deny it. I went back to my desk. I was about to sit and Bill joked, "Do you want to put down a towel first?"
I just laughed and asked if he wanted me to do that so he could take the towel home.
His response, "You bet."
I sat down and started telling Dave everything that happened. He responded with approval and then said, "I knew when I met you that you have a little slut streak. Don't you?"
Wow, slut? If someone had called me a slut the day before I would have scratched their eyes out. Now, I was taking it as a compliment.
I responded that I had never done anything like this before. I had had sex 4 times before with a nice guy. I just thought it was time. I did not consider myself slutty. Yet, when he called me that, I liked the way it felt. I don't know why but I told him exactly what I was feeling.
He responded "good girl".
Mmmmmmm, I thought
He told me what to say next. As I read it I knew I shouldn't but I knew I was going to. I read it right off the screen.
I looked down at my pussy and said, "Oh my god, I did not realize my panties had soaked through like that."
Both guys heads bobbed up immediately.
Bill responded. It was obvious that Bill was the quicker thinker. I think he grasped what was going on. "Yeah, they are pretty wet. Pretty Transparent. Hell it was almost like you weren't wearing that thong at all."
With my shaved pussy I knew they could see everything
Again, the words popped out of my mouth, "You'd like that wouldn't you."
Oh my god. Did I just say that? I furiously typed and told Dave what was happening.
His response, "That's my good little slut."
I responded, "Thank you."
Thank you? What was that all about? I am thanking a guy who talked me into sitting in my office in my bra and panties? Yet there I was feeling, hot, sexy, grateful, and like I'd do anything he asked. The next thing he typed made me cum. Yes, right there is my chair. I wasn't touching myself but I was rubbing my legs together and leaning forward in my seat trying to stimulate myself. He didn't say anything dirty, but his next command was to do something that changed the dynamic. Up till now I had been reacting to them. Now he was telling me to take the lead.
The words on the screen said , "Tell the guys they are right. Your panties are soaked and they are getting uncomfortable. Ask them if they'd mind if you take them off."
At that point I knew where this was going. If my panties came off I knew these guys were going to fuck me. I knew it and Dave knew I knew it. Here I was, considering fucking 2 guys in my office, 2 guys I had never even considering dating, and worse, I knew I was going to do it.
I could pretend I was doing it for Dave, but I wasn't. I wanted this. Me, sweet Tina, 1 lover in my past, was about to become a total slut, and I was thrilled by the idea. Let's face it. For me to go this far in one day, I had to admit I wanted it. I wanted to be a slut. I wanted to be told what to do. I didn't even resist. I told Dave, "OK".
It wasn't as hard as I thought. I had not looked, but the guys noticed my orgasm. They were speechless. Just staring at me. I said it. I asked if I could take my panties off. Exactly as Dave told me to. Tom just stared but Bill quick as usual said, "Come over here. I'll do it for you."
I looked at my PC. Quickly typed the interaction and saw the immediate response. "Go.".
I stood up and walked over to Bill. He was only a few feet from me, but it felt like I ran 5 miles. I was breathing heavy, flushed, and perspiring a little. Bill was staring at my panties. I looked. They were soaked through. Completely Transparent. I stood in front of Bill. Arms by my side.
He looked at my face and said, "Are you sure?"
I put my arms on his shoulders, looked him in the eye, and said, "Yes Bill, I want my panties off. Please take them off me."
That was it. I felt his hands on the waist band. He slid them off down my hips. I stepped out of them.
Bill said, "You have a gorgeous pussy." I
I had not moved. My hands were still on his shoulders. Bill looked at Tom and said, "I think that bra should come off too."
He was right. I wanted to be naked. I wanted these 2 guys to see me naked. Tom stood up and walked over. I felt Bill's hand back on my thigh. I shivered. His hand moved to my pussy. As his hand grazed my clit I came again. I was on fire. I kept my eyes on Bill and felt the clasp of my bra come undone. I turned and looked at Tom and shrugged it off my shoulders.
I actually said, "Thank you."
That was it. Bill knew who I was. He looked me in the eyes and said, "That's a good slut."
His fingers in my pussy and hearing the word out loud, I came again.
Bill didn't stop. "I've wanted to fuck you since I met you. Do you want me to fuck you?"
"Yes," I said quietly.
"What did you say?"
"Yes, I want you to fuck me."
"And are you a slut?"
"Yes," I said
"What? came the response.
"Yes, I am a slut and I want to be fucked," I said it.
Bill pushed me to my knees and told me to pull out his cock. I had not seen a lot of cocks. This one looked like the one hard one I saw. I pulled his cock out of his pants. I was now face to face with it. I knew what oral sex was. I had a good idea of what to do, but I had never done it before.
Bill said, " Suck it you slut."
My mouth was immediately on it. I wrapped my lips around it and pretended I was eating a Popsicle. I loved the way it felt. I loved the way I felt. He kept moaning and calling me a slut. Telling me to suck his cock. Telling me I was a good slutty cocksucker. Every word made me want to please him more and more.
As I sucked Bill, Tom had pulled out his cock and was stroking it. I could see him out of the corner of my eye. The fact that these 2 hard cocks were hard over me was hot. I loved it.
Bill looked at Tom and said, "Do you want some of this sluts mouth?"
Tom hesitated. I reached out and took his cock in my hand. I pulled him close and said, "Please."
He moaned as I took him in my mouth.
I felt Bill position himself behind me. I knew what doggie style was, but again, I had never done it. Bill said, "Get that slutty ass up in the air"
I grabbed Tom's hand and pulled him to the ground so I could continue to suck his cock. As I did I raised my ass. Bill rubbed his cock against my pussy. I was dripping. His cock touched my clit and I went off again.
Bill said to Tom, "This slut's cunt is dripping wet."
Cunt? Cunt? Yesterday I would have stabbed him. Today I loved the way it felt. I wanted to hear it again. I wanted to say it.
I could feel his cock against my pussy. I wanted it in me. "Please," I said. "Fuck me."
Bill had obviously done this before. His response "I'm not fucking you. I'm fucking your little slut cunt."
I came again.
His cock slid in me. I'd never felt anything like it. There was nothing special about his cock but being here, in this office, with these 2 guys, had every nerve in my body tingling. I moaned as he entered me.
"That's it slut, take my cock. Fuck me."
I started fucking him. He started fucking me. I could feel his cock sliding in and out of me. Every movement sent jolts through my pussy. I could feel the cock in my mouth. I tried to picture how I looked. I knew guys liked my ass. I was wishing I could get a picture. The thought of that made me come again.
As I came I felt Tom's cock start to stretch. He said, "Oh my god, I'm going to cum."
I started to pull my mouth away but Bill pushed my head down and said, "No, good sluts swallow. Get every drop."
I came again.
Tom started to cum. It squirted in my mouth. I swallowed and swallowed but I was not fast enough. Some dripped out on my face. I pulled off his cock and the last shot of cum hit me in the cheek. I actually felt bad. Bill had said to get it all and I couldn't.
I was relieved when Bill said, "That's a good slut. You look good with cum on your face."
Tom pulled away. Bill pushed my head to the floor pulling my ass higher. He started fucking me harder and harder. I fucked back.
"Are you ready for a cuntful of cum, slut?"
Bill said.
"Yes"
"Yes What?"
"Yes I want your cum"
"Tell me more"
I started screaming. "Fuck me. Fuck my cunt. Fill my slutty little cunt with cum. Make me a slut. Fill me up."
I could feel it. It was incredible. I had always used a condom before. After my boyfriend and I broke up I went on the pill. This was the first time I felt cum in my cunt. It was hot, I could feel it squirting in me. I could feel it flood around his cock and start dripping out of my pussy. I came so hard I went limp. Bill was holding my ass up to keep me from falling. I did not think I could do any more or that it could get any better. I was wrong.
Tom was hard again. His cock was bigger than Bill's. Not a lot, but bigger and he was hard again. Now he was into it. "
"Get that slutty little ass over here so I can fuck you."
I did as told. Again with my ass in the air I felt a cock enter me. Even though I was soaking wet and had a load of cum in me I could feel the size difference. I felt full. Tom started fucking me in earnest. Hard, Fast. All the while calling me a slut and asking me what I want.
I was glad to respond. The words were hot. "Fuck me. Fuck me like the slut I am. Fuck my cum filled cunt. Give me your load. Shoot in me."
I had no idea I could talk like that but every slutty word made me tingle.
I felt it. I felt him spasm. I felt the cum hit my pussies walls. I felt it leak out of my pussy around his still thrusting cock. It was amazing. I had an orgasm like nothing I can describe.
I was done. Exhausted, sweaty, satiated, quivering. It was almost closing time. Bill and Tom went to the restroom to clean up. I started picking up my clothes. Bill came out of the restroom. I was not sure how to act. Naked, Cum dripping out of my pussy and down my leg. I couldn't look at him. Bill walked up to me. He hugged me and kissed me on the forehead.
Very sweetly he said "Tina, you are a very special girl. We adore you."
All of a sudden I felt safe and cared for. He handed me a towel. It was clean and must have come from his gym bag. I wiped myself clean. He went and found my skirt and bought it to me. I got dressed.
Bill and Tom both hugged me before they left. They were so sweet. I sat at my desk then asked Dave if he was there. He responded so I told him what happened. He asked a lot of questions and at one point I played with myself as I recapped what happened. I came once again.
It was time to go home. I said goodbye and went to sign off.
His last words were, "Good Girl."
As I drove home I replayed the day over and over in my head. I had to admit it was the hottest thing I ever did. I also knew that I jeopardized my job. What will the guys think of me monday. What if they told others. The, told others, part scared me and excited me. Why was I feeling that? Why would I want others to know what a slut I'd been. I knew Dave was a bad influence. I resolved not to talk to him again.
I got home around 6. I could tell by the cars out front that everyone was home. The house is not that big. When Mark, my moms BF, had his kids over, his daughter slept in my room and son shared with my brother. I could see my mom cooking dinner.
Mark was on the couch watching TV with my brother Chuck. I asked where Kevin and Cindy were. Mark said Cindy was in my room and Kevin was in the basement playing video games with a friend.
All was perfectly normal. It seemed weird going from complete office slut to family girl. Nothing was different at home, but I felt different. When Mark looked at me I wondered if he could see the slut in me. I noticed how handsome my brother was. I wondered if Mark and mom had sex a lot. I thought of Chuck's girlfriend and wondered if she liked sex with him. I realized I had sex on the brain.
I said hi to my mom and went to my bedroom to change. As I walked I realized that my mom was still a beautiful woman and again wondered about her sex life with Mark. When I got to my room Cindy was in there. I said hi and we made the usual small talk. She was playing on her iPad. I imagined chatting with friends. Cindy is a pretty girl. At 18 she must've weighed 100 lbs. Guys in school didn't chase her all over but you could tell she was going to be a stunner.
I was going to change out of my office clothes. I wasn't going out, so no reason to get dressed. Sweats, yoga pants, shorts? I went through my drawers. While tossing clothes an old pair of running shorts showed up. They were at least 2 years old. I thought about how tight they'd be. I wondered if my ass would hang out. I wondered what Dave would say.
I picked up my iPad. I figured I'd check my mail. After that I logged into Facebook to catch up on my friends. As I did, Dave messaged me. I should have ignored it.
"Have a fun day."
"it was different."
"Admit you loved it."
"I shouldn't have."
"But you did."
"Yes."
Dave then asked if I were home.
I said, "Yes."
Then he asked who else was home. I told him. He asked more. He asked what they looked like, their ages, what they did. It was all pretty normal conversation. I was enjoying it. He then asked if the boys had ever seen me in my underwear.
I thought about ending the conversation. I should have, but I couldn't. I told him I'm sure my brother had seen me once or twice by accident. No big deal.
He then asked me what I was doing.
I told him I was going to change for dinner.
He asked what I was going to change to.
I told him I didn't know yet.
He then asked if he could pick. I said I did not think that was a good idea but asked what he suggested. First he asked if I had any running shorts. Tight ones. I immediately thought of the old pair I'd just seen. That was some coincidence. I said yes. He told me to put those on with a shirt that showed some belly. I said I'd think about it and that I was going to dinner.
I stood up and pulled off my work clothes. As I did Cindy turned to watch. When I was in my bra and panties she said, "You always have such pretty underwear. My mom always insists on getting me boring cotton stuff."
I told her I could take her shopping. She got all excited and I promised we'd go this weekend. I pulled on the shorts. They were tight. My ass cheeks definitely hung out. I checked myself in the mirror. I was sure mom would say something. I then found a short V neck T, also a little small. It showed off my cleavage and my belly.
I picked up my iPad. When Cindy wasn't looking I snapped a selfie and sent it to Dave.
He responded. "Not enough belly. Roll the waistband down."
I didn't even protest. I just did it. I rolled it down till you could almost see the crack in my ass and snapped another selfie and sent it. Cindy caught me doing it.
"Who's that for?" she asked.
"Just a friend." I replied
"Must be some friend."
Since she knew anyways I asked if she'd take on from behind. She jumped up and grabbed my iPad. She snapped one. Then said "That's not good, let's try again. Put your hands on your hips."
I did as I was told and she took another. "Not quite good enough," she said. "Look back at me over your shoulder."
I did as I was told and again she snapped a picture. "Perfect," she said.
I looked at the picture. I have to admit she had a great eye. I looked very hot. I sent both pictures to Dave and said, "How's this?"
"Perfect," he replied
Mom called dinner was ready. We got to the kitchen.
Mom looked at me and said, "Isn't that a little bit tight?"
Mark heard her, looked, and said, "She looks fine to me."
Mom almost never argues with Mark. She did not argue this time either.
Chuck looked at me. Normally he just looks and goes on with what he's doing. This time he definitely took a moment and checked me out. I felt a little chill in my pussy.
Kevin and his friend Peter came upstairs. As soon as they saw me they both stopped. Their mouths open but they didn't say anything. Finally Peter broke the silence
"Wow you look great," he said.
Kevin and Chuck mumbled their agreement and we all sat down for dinner. During dinner the boys paid a lot of attention to me. They asked me about my day. They asked my opinions on things. Whenever I asked for something they practically jumped all over each other to get it for me.
I admit it was a lot of fun and felt good. I could see that Cindy noticed the attention I was getting. I looked at mom to see if she had any reaction. She just carried on like nothing was different.
Peter asked me what I was doing after dinner
I said I was going to grab my iPad and watch TV in the living room.
It was my turn to do the dishes. As I stood up and started to grab them Peter and Kevin jumped up and said they'd do them.
I said thank you and went to my room to get my iPad. Cindy followed me to my room.
"Wow" she said, "I wish I could get that much attention."
I laughed and said, "Yes that was weird wasn't it."
"Who are you kidding? You look amazing." I thought they were going to kill each other for your attention. they never pay attention to me like that," she said.
"Oh, I'm pretty sure you could get lots of attention if you tried," I said.
She looked doubtful. I got online and told Dave how dinner went and about my conversation with Cindy. Dave loved it. He then told me I should help Cindy out. I told him no way.
He asked me how I felt when no one noticed me? That others got all the attention? He was right of course. Then he went a different direction.
"Imagine all those guys looking at her cute ass. Think how naughty that would be." I had to admit it would be naughty.
I asked what I should do. He told me.
I looked at Cindy and said, "I bet I can get the guys to notice you."
She asked how.
It was not unusual for us to put our pajamas before we went to watch TV. Cindy usually slept in an oversized T-shirt and panties. I pulled a T-shirt I had from my drawer and gave it to her. She took it from me, looked at it, and said "are you sure?".
I said "Try it on."
I pulled out one just like Dave described to me.
She undressed down to her bra and panties and then stopped. She looked at me.
"You don't normally sleep in a bra," I said.
Cindy took off her bra. She had the perfect perkiest tits. She looked at me shyly, as if she wanted approval.
"Mine were not that big when I was your age," I said.
Cindy smiled, grabbed, the T-shirt and put it on. It was not too tight, but it did show some curves, and came just below her ass. If she walked or bent over you would definitely see her panties. Again, she looked at me for approval.
"You look perfect," I said. "Here let me show you." I grabbed my iPad And took a couple pictures of her.
I showed her the pictures. She smiled and said, "Now what?"
I said, "Let's go watch TV. "
When we walked into the living room it was full. It seems all the boys decided to watch TV also. I asked what what they were watching.
Chuck said, "Nothing really, you can pick what you want to watch."
Just to test our power I chose a fairly girlie show. No one argued they just changed the channel. I think they then noticed Cindy behind me. The boys all turned to look at her. I thought mom was going to say something, but she always leaves Cindy's discipline to Mark.
Mark just looked at Cindy and said, "Oh hi sweetie, I did not see you there."
All the chairs were taken. Cindy and I laid down on the floor in front of the boys with our legs towards them and our heads towards the TV. I knew they were all checking out our asses. I looked over and noticed Cindy's T shirt had slid up and most of her panties were showing.
I got on my iPad and messaged Dave. I told him what was going on and sent him the pictures of Cindy.
"Nice," he said in response to Cindy's pictures. "Having fun?" he asked.
I had to admit I was.
While we were watching TV I said, to no one in particular, "I'm thirsty. "
Peter jumped up and said, "What can I get you?"
I said, "Water would be fine."
Then Cindy said, "I'd like some water to."
Kevin stood up and said, "I'll get it for you. "
Cindy looked over at me I just smiled. I mouthed the words, "Told you so." Cindy smiled.
As we watched TV I continue to chat with Dave. Nothing interesting just normal nice conversation. I did keep him up-to-date with everything that was going on. At one point I looked over and noticed that Cindy's T-shirt had pulled up so far that now all of her bikini panties were showing and you could see some skin over them. No one said a word about it. I told Dave what was happening.
Then Dave made his next suggestion. "Get up, go to the bathroom, and roll the band of your shorts far enough that your thong is showing above it."
I didn't even think twice I just got up and did what he said. I went back and lay down next to Cindy again. I could feel the eyes staring at my whale tail in the curve of my ass. I told Dave.
He told me to reach down and scratch my ass at the bottom of my shorts. He said to pull them up as I scratched and show off most of my ass.
I of course argued with him and told him I couldn't do that. I reminded him that my mother and brother were in the room.
He said, "If either of them says anything I will not ask you to do anything ever again."
I reached back and did what he said. I slowly scratched my butt pulling the leg of my shorts up as I went. My entire ass cheek was on display. No one said a thing. Dave was right.
His next suggestion was just so wrong I was embarrassed that it turned me on.
"Put your hand on Cindy's back on the skin right above her panties. Lightly rub her back pushing her shirt up a couple of inches."
Just the thought of this made me wet. Who am I kidding I was already wet, but this really made me tingle. I reached over and did what he said. No one said a thing. I don't think anyone moved.
Cindy put her head down in her arms and said, "Mmmmmm, that feels good."
As I rubbed her back, when my hands went down towards her ass, I would slide my fingers just a little under the band of her panties. Each time I did I pushed them down a bit and she would give a soft sigh.
The show ended and truthfully I was getting tired and wanted to get some sleep. I stood up and said I was going to bed. Cindy stood up and said she was too. Mark stood up and gave Cindy a hug good night. Then he turned to me and did the same. When he hugged me his hand was right at the top of the band of my panties. He could feel my exposed thong.
Cindy and I headed to bed. When we got to our room Cindy turned and hugged me.
"That was so much fun!" she gushed.
I laughed and said, "Men are so easy."
She kissed me on the cheek and slid into bed. I took off my shorts and thong and put on a pair of cotton boy short panties. I climbed into bed. I grabbed my iPad and told Dave the rest of the day.
Cindy asked, "Can we go shopping tomorrow?"
I said, "Yes."
She thanked me. By the light of my iPad I could see her hands were under her covers. I heard a quiet moan and then she fell asleep.
I turned off my iPad, closed my eyes, and did the same thing.