Jared and I got in the elevator and stood in silence for a moment or two. It wasn't exactly awkward, but I wasn't sure what to say. Around the second floor, Jared turned to me and asked, "Want to get something to eat?"
I was surprised. I figured once we left Erica, we'd also part ways. I checked the time on my phone and saw it was roughly 9:30am. "Yeah, I guess I could go for some brunch," I said. "Can we stop by my place first though, so I can change?"
"You don't want to go to brunch in that sexy little skirt?" He teased.
"No, I thought I'd slip into something more comfortable," I joked.
The elevator doors opened on the ground floor, and we walked through the lobby and out the front door.
"Alright, I'll get us an Uber. What's the address?" He asked.
"I can get it," I said.
"No, I got it," he insisted.
I told him my address and we waited for the car. I was nervous there would be more awkward silence, but he pulled me in for a hug and we just held each other while we waited. He was so tall that even in heels I felt small as he enveloped me in his arms. The car pulled up, so Jared kissed me quickly and opened the door for me. We held hands during the brief ride to my building.
Once inside my apartment, I went straight to my bedroom to change my clothes. He wandered through my living room, looking around, the way we'd done at Erica's place.
I took off my sex club outfit and stood naked in front of my dresser while I decided what to wear. I picked out a lacy black bralette -- the kind with lots of straps that are meant to be seen under a low-neck shirt. I slipped it on and picked out a pair of black lacy panties to match. As I was about to slip into them, I heard Jared from the doorway just say, "No."
I didn't realize he was watching me.
"Excuse me?" I asked, surprised and confused.
"No panties," he said. "I want you going commando."
I smirked and rolled my eyes at him.
"Fine," I replied. "As you wish." I walked over to my closet and picked out a pair of tight black jeans and I turned my back to him as I slipped them on over my bare ass.
"Good girl," he smiled.
I begrudgingly shook my head and laughed. I was surprised at myself for liking it.
I selected an oversized t-shirt, that sort of draped off my slender body, and had a dangerously low neckline, which showcased the strappy bra and effortless cleavage perfectly. I threw on a touch of mascara and a hint of red lipstick, grabbed some cute, heeled ankle boots, and said, "Alright, let's go."
"Where to?" He asked.
"There's a cute hipster bar down the street with a good brunch menu and some killer cocktails. We can walk."
"Sounds good to me." He replied, opening the door. "After you."
We held hands, which he initiated, as we walked the few short blocks to the pub.
We got a table right away, which was sort of surprising because the place seemed pretty busy. The waitress promptly came to take our order.
"Here's some menus. Drinks to start?" She asked. She was perky and almost annoyingly happy, but in a cute way.
"I'll have a Sex on the Beach and a black coffee," I said.
"Just a coffee for me," Jared told her. "With cream, please."
"Sure thing, I'll be right back," she smiled, eyeing Jared for a moment, making me think she was probably attracted to him. He was attractive. I suppressed a giggle, thinking about how hot he was, and how I was here with him.
"What?" He asked, catching my smile.
"Oh nothing," I answered. "I guess you wanted coffee after all, just not Erica's coffee," I teased.
"Hmm," he chuckled. "I like Erica, but I was ready to get out of there."
"Yeah, I caught that," I said. "But you wanted to keep hanging out with me?" I tried not to sound insecure but the thought that he was more into me than her was making my head spin. I figured it was just a quick and dirty hookup, nothing more. We'd met at a sex club, after all. I didn't think anyone was looking for anything more than a one-night stand. Maybe a recurring casual hook-up at most. Yet here I was having brunch with the guy. Most men I'd had one-night stands with didn't want to stay overnight, let alone take me out for breakfast the next morning.
"Maybe I like you a little bit," he said, shifting his weight in his seat. Was I making him squirm?
I nodded, thinking about what he'd said for a moment.
"I think you like me, too, a little bit." He raised an eyebrow as he spoke, and then I realized I was the one squirming. He sat still, just looking into my eyes.
"We don't know anything about each other," I protested meekly, not exactly denying his assertion.
Just then, the server arrived with our drinks, letting me off the hook for the moment. Jared broke our intense eye contact to look up at her and thank her with a kind smile. Damn, he was cute.
"Have you had a chance to look at the menus?" She asked, barely taking her eyes off him.
The answer was no, we hadn't even glanced at them. Jared picked his up and quickly spotted a bacon-sausage-egg combo that appealed to him and asked for his over-easy. I already knew I wanted the French toast with berries on the side.
"Great," she said, not even looking at me as I ordered. Still looking at him, she smiled and said, "I'll have that out as soon as it's ready," and left us.
Jared shifted in his seat again, picking up his coffee to take a sip. "Coffee and Sex on the Beach, eh?" He teased, raising his eyebrow and smiling at me.
Relieved at the levity, I laughed. "It's the perfect antidote to a night of too much fun!"
He laughed. "It was fun. But I think we're just getting started."
"Do you?" I asked, trying to maintain the teasing tone, but asking sincerely. Did he actually want to keep seeing me? Did I want to keep seeing him? I knew I was attracted to him and wanted to spend more time with him, but it was all happening so fast. It's not like we'd even been on a first date before we'd had mind-blowingly wild sex together. There had been absolutely minimal conversation to actually get to know one another.
He leaned forward, putting his gorgeous, tattooed forearms on the table. "I think we have a connection," he said in a softer voice, with an air of vulnerability. The tone had turned back to the serious conversation the waitress had interrupted.
I breathed in deeply as I took in his words.
He continued. "I felt it the minute you walked in the room last night. From the minute I saw you, I was drawn to you."
I found it hard to hold his gaze. My thoughts were racing. I took a gulp of my cocktail.
He persisted. "You felt it too. You saw me and you wanted me." Maybe he sensed I was struggling with the intensity of the moment. He shifted again, taking his arms off the table and relaxing back into his chair. He took a sip of coffee. "I could tell you wanted me to approach you from the moment you sat down."
"Why didn't you?" I asked, not sure how I should respond. Again, I couldn't argue with him or even try to deny it.
He sighed and shook his head. He seemed defeated. Had I said the wrong thing?
"I was about to," he started, "but Erica beat me to it. But then I saw you were still looking over at me, even though she was already..." He paused and looked around. Realizing we were in public, he censored himself and lowered his voice again. "She was talking to you..."
She was already sucking my tits, I thought to myself, finishing his sentence for him in my head.
"Maybe I hesitated but I did approach you," he defended himself.
"That's true, you did," I conceded. "And you're right, I wanted you the moment I saw you. I wasn't sure if I should approach you, but you're right, I wanted you to come to me."
He smiled ever so slightly with relief. He took a sip of his coffee, and I did the same, still holding his gaze.
"Why didn't you approach me?" He asked, with a taunting look in his eye.
"Ha," I laughed, thinking about how nervous I had been. "I was shy," I confessed.
"Shy?" He laughed. "Nothing about the last twelve hours makes me believe that you've ever been shy!"
I blushed at the thought of everything that had happened since we'd met. It was like an out-of-body experience. Was it really me, doing all those things? Fucking complete strangers in front of other people? Having a wild threesome with people I'd never met before that night? Fucking him on the balcony, knowing her neighbours were watching us? I covered my face in embarrassment and laughed at myself trying to convince this man I was shy.
"It was your first time at the club, wasn't it?" He asked, just now realizing it.
"Yes, it was," I said. "Hell of a maiden voyage, huh?" I chuckled at myself again.
"Hmm," he paused a moment. "How are you ever going to top that?" He chuckled too. We shared a good laugh together. The mood lightened a little.
"You don't think it's weird that we were naked when we met?" I asked, trying to keep my voice down a little so the people at the next table didn't overhear us.
"We weren't naked. You..." He looked around again and lowered his voice to match mine. "You had your tits out, but you still had bottoms on. And I was wearing a towel," he boasted, as if he'd so effectively proven me wrong.
I raised an eyebrow back at him and smirked. "Do you really think that towel was hiding anything?"
We laughed again. It was so easy with him. We were having a good time, and it felt so effortless.
"You're fun," he said. "How's the Sex?" He nodded at my cocktail and winked.
"Best I ever had," I teased, winking back.
Our server arrived again, carrying our breakfast. She offered refills on our coffee and left again.
I hadn't realized how hungry I was until I started eating. We both devoured our meals so quickly we hardly exchanged any words in the meantime. I'd lost count of how many orgasms I'd had since the last time I'd eaten. I was absolutely famished and the French toast just hit the spot.
When our plates were empty, Jared sat back and examined me. He seemed to be studying me, studying my face, as we sat in silence. I wondered what he was thinking. I waited for him to speak, dying to know what was on his mind. The tension between us was thick.
"You're beautiful," he said, matter-of-factly. I blushed. Of all the things I thought he might say in that moment, that had not been one of them. Should I repay the compliment? Would it seem forced and fake? Should I thank him? I never know what to do in those moments.
"You're not so bad yourself," I offered. Immediately it felt wrong. He hadn't been teasing. He was being sincere. His intensity made me uncomfortable. The laughing came easily but the seriousness tied me up in knots. "I'm so attracted to you," I admitted, trying to mirror his honesty and sincerity.
He smiled. "I want to get to know you."
I took a deep breath. I nodded.
"Is that ok?" He asked. "You seem hesitant or unsure about it."
"No, yes..." I stumbled over my words. "Yes, it's ok. No, I'm not unsure. I just... This is just really unexpected."
"For me, too," he replied. "Are you single?"
That caught me off guard. I thought about it for a second and realized that there probably are plenty of people who are in relationships but still frequent sex clubs and fuck strangers. But it struck me as absurd to think that I might be one of them; that despite everything we'd done last night -- and this morning -- that I might be married or in a relationship. Again, my mind was racing and I realized the longer I took to answer his question, the more suspicious it would seem. "Yes, of course, yes, I'm single. Are you?"
"Hey, you never know!" He laughed nervously, responding as though he'd read my mind or heard my racing thoughts. "Yeah, I'm single right now. Been single for a while actually," he shared.
"Do you visit the club often?" I asked, curiously.
"Ha," he laughed. "No, not often. I've been a few times over the years. Truthfully, I didn't think anything would happen last night. I thought I'd just go and enjoy the water, have a drink, maybe watch some people, and go home. I've had some fun nights there but nothing like last night. I was not expecting anything to happen."
I appreciated his candor. I chuckled, "You still haven't been home."
He laughed and took another swig of coffee. "True, true. You know what I'm thinking about right now?" He asked.
"Hmm," I said, eyeing him, pretending to try to read his mind. "That you wish you'd also ordered a sexy cocktail?"
Another laugh. "Nope. I'm thinking about how you don't have any panties on under those jeans," he smirked and he winked at me.
I held his gaze, stifled a smile, and shook my head at his naughtiness. I lowered my head and my voice and egged him on. "Is that getting you hard?"
He looked around to make sure no one was watching him. He leaned in again, caught my gaze and reached down to adjust himself in his pants. "Maybe a little," he taunted. "You know what gets me hard though? Watching you with Erica. Do you actually like women or was that just for show?"
I sipped my cocktail, letting the tension build as he awaited my response. "I like women," I began. "I love the sensuality of a woman's body. I like the softness of a woman's kiss, and the tenderness of her skin on my skin. There's something so sexy to me about bringing a woman to climax with my fingers or my tongue. Knowing that we can do that to each other. I love the intimacy of it." I sat back and took another drink.
This time, he took a deep breath. He looked stunned, lost in the imagery.
"How's your hard-on now?" I taunted.
He snapped out of his daze and adjusted himself again. He looked a little sheepish as he tried to suppress the growing erection in his jeans.
"Plus, I love tits," I admitted.
We shared another laugh as the sexual tension subsided again.
"So if I hadn't approached you, you would have just fucked Erica?" He inquired.
I shrugged. I hadn't really thought about it. "Uh, yeah, I guess. I don't know. She's pretty hot, but I don't know if I would have stayed or maybe moved to another room. I'm not sure."
"So, you didn't really like her that much?"
"I mean, don't get me wrong. She's hot. And it turns out, she's amazing in bed..." I decided to turn the question on him. "If I hadn't been there, would you have fucked Erica?"
He paused. I guess he hadn't really thought about it either. "I don't think so, no. I had seen her earlier, before you came in, and thought, 'yeah, she's alright,' but not really my type. But like you said, she was great, and it was really fun. But I doubt I would have engaged with her if she hadn't already been coming on to you."
"It was pretty obvious you were more into me than her," I said, trying not to gloat.
"Well, I approached you, not her," he countered. "So, you like men better than women?"
"I didn't say that." I took a sip of my drink to buy myself some time to think about how to answer him. "I think it depends on the individual people, right? I mean, I have dated more men than women, but in some instances, I'm much more attracted to a woman than a man."
"But you liked me better than her, right?" Now he was gloating and trying to get me to boost his ego.
"Ha," I laughed. "When it comes down to it, given the choice, I probably would have approached you and not her. Yeah."
That seemed to satisfy him. He smiled and sat back in his chair, examining me again.
The server returned to take our empty plates. "Can I get you two anything else?" She asked, facing Jared, as though I wasn't even there.
He looked at me and I shrugged. "Just the check, I guess," he responded.
"Sure thing," she smiled, and walked away.
"Our waitress has a crush on you," I told him.
"Well too bad for her," he chuckled. "I have a crush on you."
She returned with the check and before I could offer to split it, Jared pulled his wallet out of his pocket and said, "I got this, babe," and winked at me again. It was a smooth way of showing the waitress he was mine. I smiled and sat back in my chair, watching him and wondering how we'd gotten here.
When the waitress said her goodbyes and left us, I asked him, "So, what's up for the rest of your day?" I wanted to let him know I didn't expect him to spend the rest of it with me. I wanted to give him an out so he could leave.
"Well, I was thinking, I never really got to see much of your bedroom, you know? I thought maybe I could hang out there, spend some time doing, I don't know, whatever."
I smirked and shook my head at him. "You don't have anything better to do? You don't want to go home?"
"Why would I want to go home when I could hang out with you?"
"You do have a home to go to, though, right?" I joked.
"Yes," he laughed. "But you're not there."
Smooth, so smooth, I thought. As I started to stand up out of my chair, I glanced down at his crotch and asked, "Are you going to be able to walk back with that erection?"
"Very funny," he retorted, adjusting himself again. He stood up and held his hand out in front of him. "After you." His jeans did a poor job of concealing his bulge.
We walked back to my apartment and as soon as we got inside, he unzipped his jeans to free his hard cock from its prison. He grabbed me and pulled me into himself and kissed me passionately.
"Do you always get so hard this easily?" I asked, breathlessly, between kisses.
"You turn me on," he growled, hands frantically groping all over my body.
I pulled his shirt off over his head and began kissing his neck, sucking his earlobe, and running my hands all over his muscular chest.
"I wasn't lying when I said I wanted you as soon as I saw you," he confessed, moaning as I nibbled at his neck. "You're so fucking sexy, and I wanted to lick every inch of your body."
We were still in the entry way in my apartment, slowly walking toward my bedroom. I was taking small steps backwards as we groped each other and shared urgently passionate kisses.
"I knew I wanted to fuck you every way I know how," he continued. He was turning me on with his dirty confessions. I wanted him so badly. I pulled at his jeans to lower them over his firm, round ass. He pulled my shirt off over my head with one swift motion, still walking toward my bed, not missing a step. He unbuttoned my jeans, forced the zipper down, and stuck his hand between my legs. He moaned as he felt how wet I was for him. "Oh my god, baby, your pussy is so fucking wet. I love that you didn't wear any underwear. The thought of your wet pussy in your jeans has been driving me crazy this whole time." He stuck a finger inside me. We kept walking, in step with each other, moving slowly toward my bed.
Our kiss was so intense it was like we were trying to fuck each other with our tongues. Finally, I backed up into the foot of my bed. When he realized we'd reached our destination, he shoved me down onto the bed and tugged on my jeans and threw them aside. He pulled his own pants down, his boxers too, and got on his knees on the floor. He glided his hands up and down my thighs, savouring the feel of my soft skin, before he dove in. He began sucking on my clit, applying so much pressure to my mound, and humming so I could feel the vibrations of his mouth. I pressed his head into myself, moaning and squirming at the intensity of it all. Just when I thought I couldn't take any more, he shoved two fingers inside me. He curled them upwards so they touched my G-spot and he began stroking it. "Oh my god," I screamed, "You're going to fucking kill me!"
I felt the vibrations as Jared laughed, still sucking hard on my most sensitive spot. I began griding my pelvis upwards into him, still pushing his face onto me. I'm not sure how he managed to breathe. I looked down at him and saw that he was looking up at me, watching me writhe and gasp in pleasure. "Ohhh," I moaned. "Yes, just like that, baby, don't stop. Just like that, make me cum, make me cum, baby."
"Mmhmm," he hummed into me.
That was enough. It sent me over the edge. "I'm cumming, I'm cumming baby!" I screamed as I squirmed uncontrollably. Jared backed his face away, keeping his fingers inside me, still stroking me, as I began squirting in orgasm.
"Yes, you dirty girl, squirt for me. Soak me in your cum, you dirty, fucking slut," he taunted.
I obliged.
When I stopped heaving in orgasm, he crawled on top of me and reached his arm underneath my back. With one quick motion, he lifted me and slid me upwards until my head was lying on a pillow. I giggled and marveled at the strength in his arms. I grabbed his biceps and squeezed them. He leaned in and kissed me, hard.
"I want to fuck you," he groaned.
I realized I could feel his throbbing cock pressing up against my pussy. I wanted him just as badly.
I was about to instinctively reach for a condom but when I remembered we'd already gone bareback once, I thought, fuck it. It felt better this way anyway.
"Get up," he said, sitting back onto his knees.
"How do you want me?" I asked, deferring to his desires.
"Turn around and sit on my cock," he said, gruffly. I liked his bossy side.
I turned and lowered myself onto his cock, facing away from him, sitting in his lap as he thrust up into me from underneath. I bounced up and down, taking it all in.
"We don't need this," he stated, as he pulled my bralette off. His hands reached around from behind me and grabbed both my breasts. He pinched and tugged at my nipples, not even trying to be gentle. I leaned back and pressed my back into his, feeling my body melt into him. I kept riding him, up and down. We gasped for air together. He rested his chin on my shoulder and I could feel his breath on my cheek.
"You're so fucking sexy," he repeated. "Take my cock, baby. I know you like it. You love it when I fuck you."
"Fuck, yes, baby, I love it. I love your fucking huge cock."
"You like my cock in your tight pussy?"
"I love it, baby. Mmm, keep fucking me, Jared, yes!"
His grasp on my tits was tightening and it was beginning to hurt. His hands were so strong, and he was squeezing them so tight I thought they might burst.
"You like my tits, baby?"
"Uhhh," he groaned, "I love them so fucking much." He pinched my nipples so hard I screamed.
He released his grasp and lowered his back onto the bed. He stretched his legs out so he was lying down on my bed, never pulling out of me. I stayed on his cock, and was now riding him cowgirl style. I adjusted my legs under me to give me more leverage so I could continue bouncing up and down.
"Fuck, baby, I have the best view of your ass right now," he chuckled. I felt a hand spank my cheek and playfully cup it as he'd done so many times now. Then he did something he hadn't done before -- he licked his thumb and slid it down my crack until he found my asshole. He pressed on it gently as I continued riding him. "Do you like that?" He asked.
"Ohh," I replied, somewhat surprised, "yeah, that feels really good." I leaned forward and put my hands on the bed, giving him a better view and more access.
"Oh fuck, baby, just when I thought it couldn't get any better!"
I kept riding him and he spanked me a few more times before he told me to turn around. I obeyed. I turned to face him, still riding him, staying upright so he could watch my tits as they bounced up and down, side to side.
"Come kiss me, baby," he moaned.
I leaned down, squishing my tits into his chest, and placed my hands on the bed, on either side of his head. He kissed me passionately, hungrily, as if he couldn't get enough.
He wrapped his arm around me and sat himself up. Swiftly, he laid me down on my back and was suddenly on top of me, and stayed inside me the whole time. With a crazed look in his eye, he pressed his body onto mine, kissing me hard again. It was so intense and primal and sexual, my body shuddered. Then he raised his chest, got onto his knees, and lifted my legs so my ankles were on his shoulders. My hips were completely off the bed. I felt like I'd been folded in half. He thrusted down into me and went so deep I screamed. The angle of his cock inside me was hitting spots it hadn't hit before. He began thrusting faster and faster, his balls slamming onto my asshole. He groaned and growled with pleasure.
"I'm cumming again!" I moaned. "Don't stop fucking me, I'm cumming!" I convulsed and thrashed under the weight of him.
As if my orgasm was permission for him to finish, he looked me in the eye and asked, "Where do you want me to cum?"
I shocked myself when I responded, "You want to cum on my face?" I'd only ever let one other man do that, and we'd been in a serious, committed relationship by the time I felt comfortable with it. But for some reason, I wanted it.
With that, he pulled out of me and my legs fell on either side of him, onto the bed.
"Get on your knees," he ordered. He stood up on my bed and with a few quick strokes of his hand, his cock began spurting his cum out onto my face. "Fuck," he yelled. "Fuck!"
I held his gaze and opened my mouth as he shot his seed. Some landed on my cheeks, my lips, and some right in my mouth. I took the initiative to suck him dry, not evening thinking about how much he'd like it, but because I wanted to. I wanted more of him. I wanted all of him. Still looking him in the eye, I took his softening cock into my mouth and sucked until there was nothing left. I swallowed his cum and then laid down.
He got down and laid down beside me. "Oh my fuck, that was hot," he sighed. He turned his head and kissed me. "You taste like cum," he laughed.
"You taste good," I flirted.
After a minute trying to catch my breath, I silently got up and walked to the washroom. I took a quick pee and then washed the cum off my face. I grabbed a bottle of cold water from the fridge and went back to the bedroom.
"You must be exhausted," I said, as I handed him the bottle. "We hardly slept last night, and you've been working real hard!"
"Haha yeah, I'm starting to feel it." He took a swig and set the water bottle down on the nightstand. "Come here," he said as he pulled me into a cuddle. He spooned me and as we laid there, I felt his heartbeat slowly decrease to a normal rate. He was warm and I felt safe with his arms around me. "I don't really think you're a dirty slut, you know that, right?"
I took a deep breath. This man made me feel so good and I wasn't even sure why.
"Of course," I answered.
"Good," he replied. "But everything else I said was true." He leaned in and gave my neck a few soft kisses and we fell asleep.