My act of sexual liberation had a cost. David had his whole world order turned upside down knowing that I had a compulsion that he didn't see coming or understand. To be fair to myself I didn't see it coming...at least, not with this ferocity.
There wasn't anything I'd ever done in my life that rivaled the rush of adrenaline I got from traveling that runway while a house full of lust driven men dreamt of having me.
So then what?
I knew this about myself. I'd had a taste and I wanted more. I wanted to see where this would take me sexually and to not go there would be a possible denial of who I was. But I was married to David and we had loved and cared for each other for quite awhile, planned to start a family, and then I walked in and changed the rules. I felt like a traitor.
The next day, my first full shift at the Pleasure Palace, the day girls had heard the stories from the night before. Some of them teased me but by and large I was welcomed in the dressing room. One thing was true and I learned it right away:
We were all competing for the customer, i.e., the money. I liked the money but there were other forces driving me. One important rule, don't move in on another girl's 'regular'. I found that out the first day.
I was up dancing, getting familiar with the pole, when a guy who'd been watching me intently came up to tip me. I opened my G-string and he deposited a five dollar bill as the string snapped shut to hold it in place. Then he took some liberty and ran his hand down my ass.
"Would you like some company when I get off the stage?" I asked.
"Sure," was all he said.
When I had finished I sat next to him and were making small talk when another girl, Amber, slid in from the other side of the booth and was all over him, Ron this, Ron that. Feeling I was odd man out I excused myself and sat at the bar until one of the other girls let me know about the unwritten rule. As I found out though, if the regular wanted the new girl over his old flame, that was his choice.
Not trying to be egomaniacal but when some of these guys saw me they became my regulars.
Some of the girls found stripping to be drudgery but most, including me, found it to be a rush. When I knew I was turning some guy on my pussy juices started flowing and another difference from most, I wanted them to fuck me. I didn't have that option in the strip club but I'm sure my regulars sensed it. Still, I was new, a little unsure and not encouraged by my peers, so I shut down the numerous offers to spread my legs for cash outside the club.
I had daydreams of good looking guys fucking me back in VIP. I had a hair trigger orgasmic pussy and couldn't get enough. Instead, I said no.
Oh, and I was a married woman.
I was torturing David with my seemingly sudden change of direction but it wasn't sudden, just the urge to reveal it.
"Hey, gorgeous," he shouted from the booth. As I walked over to him he said, "Are you busy?"
"No, I think I can fit you in," I said trying to be funny and sexy at the same time.
He laughed but I could see his lurid mind wrestling with the idea. "You're new here, right?" he said, trying to get the ball rolling.
"Yes, it's my first day."
"Oh wow. Well it's my lucky day then. You're a stunner and I love newbies."
"Thanks. I'm Jazmine, what's your name?"
About that time the cocktail server in a skimpy outfit showed up.
"Can I buy you a drink?" he asked.
"Well it's a little early in the day but...sure, shot of Jack?
"Make it two. Wow, that's a big girl drink."
"Well, I figure if you're doing something don't be half ass about it." I shifted myself closer to him thinking that we could end up in VIP if I played it right. I casually put my hand on his thigh while he stared at my rack.
Catching himself, "Oh, sorry, I was staring at your breasts."
"No apologies necessary, that's what they're there for. You can touch if you like..."
He reached for my bra and slipped his fingers in the cup. I moaned when he did it and began massaging his thigh, incidentally making light touch with his boner.
Our drinks came, we clinked a toast and downed the bourbon in one motion. "You're fucking gorgeous," he complimented me once again as my hand kept at it under the table.
"Think you might like to take me back private?" I said enticingly.
"Hell ya, I'm getting one more shot and then let's go!" he said, motioning with his hand to the server. She hustled over with the order and when it landed there were two shots. I didn't notice that he'd taken the liberty of ordering me another. Uh-oh.
We both picked up our glasses and he knocked it down and I knocked it...well, maybe half but even that was going to cloud my judgment. By the time I stood up i was lightheaded and going back to faux fuck somebody who would rather full fuck me.
I was learning a lot on my first day, I just didn't know it yet.
He booked me with the bartender for a half hour at $150. The club took twenty off the top. Up until this moment I hadn't done anymore than a couple of twenty dollar song dances the night before.
There were four VIP rooms to choose from and he wanted the one with the couch and a mini stage, maybe five by five, with a pole. When we got in the room and I set the wall timer for 30 minutes he sat on the couch and said, "Dance for me, Jazmine."
As a dancer I had little to no skill on the pole but I wasn't particularly concerned that Adam would grow bored since his eyes followed my ass like a laser. I ran my fingers across my pussy and in a soft voice he said, almost to himself, "Oh fuck, I want that."
As I moved to tease him he continued commenting, "You're so fucking hot, I wanna fuck you." Then while my back was turned he stepped up on the stage behind me and pressed his bulge against my crack and rubbed up and down. Two mirrors gave a multi-erotic look at his grinding away on my rear. His next move I did not see coming and having no experience I wasn't sure what to do with.
He pinned me against the pole and with his free hand, reached around, guiding his first two fingers into my cunt. It was against the rules but I was frozen against the pole and I was getting off. I was wet as hell and he could surely tell. When I didn't resist he shoved his fingers as far as the angle would allow and actively began finger fucking me. "You like this, Jazmine?" he whispered in my ear. I didn't say anything but he heard my breathing get heavier as I was getting close to cumming. "You like this, don't you, girl?" He sped it up and I couldn't hold back anymore. "I'm cuuuummmmiiinnng, oh fuck, don't stop, fuuuuccckkkkkk, uuuuuuuhhhhhh," My juices ran down his wrist.
The fact that I had cum invigorated his cock and, grinding against my rear, he too climaxed. "Oh, shit, fuck, uuuuuhhhhhhhhh, ahhhhhhhh" His grip on the pole loosened and he got off the stage and sat on the sofa, dragging me behind him.
We sat together, him holding me in his arms, for the remaining time without speaking. There was a silent acknowledgment that he'd gotten away with one from the new girl. But I was complicit by doing nothing to steer his fingers elsewhere and on top of that I came, giving him the stamp of approval.
There were cameras in all the rooms but from the angle we were at I doubted that anyone could make out what was happening other than him grinding on me against the pole.
"We can't do that again," I reminded him for the next time.
"I know, sorry, I got carried away. You liked it though, right?" he asked hopefully.
"Ahhh...Yes, but I've been here less than a day and I don't want to get fired."
He tipped me heavily and I hugged him and went back out on the floor. The day shift was sparse compared to the frenetic energy of the evening but that was an aid, giving me a chance to get my footing.
I learned how to walk seductively and at the same time appear casual about it. Stripper shoes, or very high platform shoes, took some getting used to. Falling on your ass is the clear opposite of seductive so I had to be careful during the learning phase. I watched another dancer take a dive off the end of the stage and it sucked the sexy right out of the room.
About 3pm the bartender told me that the owner, Ted, wanted to see me. They buzzed me back through the security door and into his office.
"Hi, Angie," he said cheerfully, "how's your first day going? Do you have any questions?"
"No," I said overconfidently, "I think I'm figuring things out."
"Good, glad to hear it. A girl who looks like you will make a lot of money in this place. Well I'm glad I could help you start your career. Be careful with the costumers because they like to get as much as they can get. (He saw the video) You're new so mistakes might happen. I just can't get get shut down because a girl gave away more than the state thinks she should. I hope that advice helps."
"Yes," I said contritely.
I'm here to make your job as fun and stimulating as possible. You know, I've helped a lot of girls get started and most of them show their appreciation."
He landed that last word with a thud and left it to dangle there. I knew what it meant and I only had one decision to make and I had to fill the deafening silence quickly. In the back of my mind I'd half expected this but had no plan other than what I did.
I stood up from my chair and walked towards him and around the desk until my pussy was at his eye level. With both hands he lowered my g-string down my legs. Then he rolled his chair slightly back, "Sit on the edge, Angie."
I did what he asked. "Now spread your legs...," he rolled forward, "...and put your legs over my shoulders. Now, here's a welcome gift to you..."
He ate my pussy like he'd found an oasis in the desert. His large tongue assaulted my hotspot and in a short time my body shook, "Fuck, fuck, yeeessss, fuck I'm cuuummmiinngg, yes, yes, yeeeesssss..."
"Now why don't you show me some appreciation." He had his clothes on the floor before the orgasmic wave over my body had finished and suddenly pushed to my knees my mouth was full of his huge dick and I was doing my best to handle it. At its inflated peak it threatened to smother me. My pussy saved me from passing out as he turned me, tits down, on the desk. I heard him mutter to himself, "What a fucking hot ass."
Then he took that snake and slipped it in my wet and waiting pussy, "Uhhhhnnnnn, mmmmmmm" I moaned as he moved back and forth.
"Like that, baby doll?"
I didn't just like it, I loved it and I was getting close to cumming again and started complimenting his thrust by pushing my ass into it.
"I'm cumming, baby doll. I'm fucking cumming!!! I'm gonna creme on your ass, baby doll," and he pulled out and shot ribbons of ejaculate all over my rear, and as I looked back over my shoulder a thunderous orgasm shot through my body.
So, I had fucked the boss on my first day.
David told me he was afraid that would happen the night before at the amateur contest. He was close to right.
When I got home at night David asked me, with some trepidation, how it went. For his benefit I played it down, "Oh, so so. There weren't that many customers so I danced some and kinda got to know the other girls a little."
"Maybe it's boring and you'll quit," he asked hopefully.
As he hugged me I just hoped he wouldn't pick up the scent of sex on me so I said, "I'm going to take a shower and then let's eat dinner!"
Upstairs the guilt was setting in. I was scaring myself at how quickly I was changing. My vision of my marriage was a loose patchwork when it had been my stability. Other strippers had husbands so I wasn't alone. Why wouldn't this work? I wanted David on the journey with me.
Whatever happened, I knew the pull of taking off my clothes for men would be too much to resist by morning.