Chapter 2
(The Voyeur)
Christina left for work at the normal time she did each day. John had already left since his day at the tire shop started pretty early. Christina liked her job at the small clothing store. It gave her the opportunity to see fashions as soon as they hit the shelves. Summer fashions were already out yet spring weather had barely started.
Only Christina and Chrystal were working today as the economy had been slower then people thought. But women still liked to shop and people did need new cloths so business was moderate. Christina relieved Chrystal so she could take a break and Chrystal walked out the door into the main mall hallway leaving Christina alone in the store.
Jasmine was walking down the mall when she came to the store where Christina worked and turned into the store.
"Hey Chrissy, said Jasmine.
"Hey Jaz," replied Christina. "Back again? You're in here so much, I should just hire you."
Christina continued straightening up items on shelves while Jasmine browsed around the store. Another female customer entered and after a short time, selected several items and asked to use a changing room.
Christina told the woman to take her pick and the woman opened the door to the room closest to the front of the store. Christina thought the woman like vaguely familiar but could not remember where they had met. She did seem to frequent the mall Christina remembered.
Jasmine casually moved toward the front of the store near the changing booths but still a small distance away. After a few minutes Christina approached Jasmine.
"See something you like?" asked Christina.
"Why, yes I do," smirked Jasmine as she looked off toward the changing room the other woman was in.
Christina looked at Jasmine with a perplexed, curious look on her face.
"What do you mean?" asked Christina.
Jasmine stepped back slightly and pulling Christina by the shoulders placed her where Jasmine had been standing a moment before. "Watch the room closely and wait," whispered Jasmine as she looked toward the changing room.
Christina could see the woman in the changing room. The door was closed but the way the door hung and the closure device allowed a slightly noticeable gap. And if you were standing in the right spot, you could distinctly see the person's reflection in the changing room mirror.
"Yeah," answered Jasmine to Christina's unasked question. "Be subtle but turn around slowly and look across the hallway to the men's store. Try not to look directly."
Christina looked out of the corner of her eye and observed the store.
"I can see some people and a few sales people," Christina said.
"Look more closely at the counter near the back of the store," replied Jasmine.
"I don't see anything," Christina whispered. . "Nope. But when you get a chance make up some excuse to go in and look around. There is a small security camera in the front window, I think it is called a lipstick camera, pointed this way and they have a computer monitor hooked up to it."
"Peeping on my customers as they change?!" exclaimed Christina. "How do you know that?"
"Remember Tom?," asked Jasmine. "He worked there for awhile. He helped set the camera up when they realized the opportunity they had. Not only that but notice the sitting bench in the aisle way between the two kiosks?"
"Yeah, so?" quipped Christina.
"The bench is ALWAYS faces this way toward the booth. If you move a clothes rack, the bench and kiosks are moved slightly. Anyone sitting on the bench has a clear view of the changing room too," Jasmine said smiling.
"How do you know that?" Christina said now intrigued by what was going on.
"The woman in the booth is the mall operations manager, Andrea. She makes sure that the bench ALWAYS has a clear, un-obstructed view of the changing booth." Jasmine exclaimed.
Christina and Jasmine turned back toward the dressing room. Christina now remembered where she had seen the woman. Of course, she managed the mall. It appeared that the woman was finished trying her cloths and was getting dressed. The only view they got was of the woman in her white push up bra as she pulled her blouse over her head.
Jasmine and Christina quickly looked like they were busy as the woman exited the dressing room and walked toward the check out counter. Christina followed her over to the counter.
"Find everything you needed ok?" Christina asked.
"Yes I did, thank you," the woman beamed.
Chrystal came walking back into the shop as the customer was leaving and returned to the counter. Jasmine came walking over the counter with a few items that she was going to try.
"Hello Chrystal," cooed Jasmine as she leaned over and gave Chrystal a lingering kiss on the cheek.
"Hello Jasmine," Chrystal said quietly.
"I was just showing Christina our little secret," Jasmine said with a small smirk on her lips.
"Yeah? And what did you think?" quizzed Crystal looking at Christina.
"It was hot but I think we can get into trouble if we don't fix the door. For the customer's privacy," Christina replied.
"A lot of the women that come in here know about the booth. They will specifically head for that room and it is occupied, they'll wait for the other person to leave. Some might not know but most women that use that room do because they want to be seen. They have an exhibitionist streak in them," said Jasmine.
"Well I think I am going to try on some clothes," Jasmine said as she turned and headed to the charging room with the view.
"You're going to use the front room?" Christina asked.
"Yes," Jasmine answered as she smiled at the other two women.
As Jasmine was entering the changing room, a pair of ladies in their early 30's entered the store. Chrystal recognized them right away.
"Watch these two. Go ask them if they need any help," Chrystal told Christina.
Christina shrugged and strolled toward the ladies.
"Good morning ladies. Can I help you find anything specific?" Christina asked.
"Just looking," answered the redhead woman.
"Not really. Just killing some time, " replied the other woman.
"Ok, let me know if you need anything or when you're ready to use a fitting room." Christina said as she meandered toward the spot she could see into the room Jasmine was using.
As Christina neared the spot where she could see into the changing room, she lifted her eyes to look into the room. Jasmine was standing with her back to the mirror and slowly unfastening her bra. Jasmine slowly turned toward the mirror and most seductively slid the bra from her breasts. A slight smile crossed her lips and she examined her nipples as they began to perk up. She was becoming aroused knowing that other people could and did see her. Jasmine dropped her bra onto the seating bench in the room. Her hands came up and slowly cupped her breasts lifting them and her fingers reached up to her nipples. Jasmine firmly yet slowly pinched her nipples to bring them to full attention.
Satisfied that her nipples were erect, Jasmine slowly turned once again so her back was to the mirror. She slid her thumbs under the waist bands of her thong and while slowly bending over at the waist, pulled the thong down her lean tanned legs. Anyone such as Christina that might be watching would clearly see the smooth skin surrounding the fold around her moistening pussy. She smoothly removed one foot from the thong being careful not the catch the heel of her high heeled shoe on the panty. With the finesse of having done so many times, Jasmine lifted her other leg and using her foot, flipped the thong onto the bench next to her bra.
Jasmine slowly turned to face the mirror again admiring her body and glancing to see who might be looking. Jasmines eyes met Christina looking at her reflection in the mirror and smiled at Christina while licking her lips seductively.
Even though Christina knew Jasmine and that Jasmine knew Christina could see her, Christina's face flushed when Jasmine smiled at her. Christina's pussy was becoming wetter by the second as she watched her friend flash her body at anyone that might see the reflection.
Christina turned and walked toward Chrystal. She glanced over at the two women who were wandering around the store. As Christina approached Chrystal, she noticed that the women were heading toward the changing room that Jasmine was in. When they reached the door and found the room occupied, they did some strange. Instead of using another room, they returned to browsing the store.
"Did you see that?" whispered Chrystal as Christina walked up. "Yes. Why didn't they use the room next to it?" Christina asked puzzled at the two women's behavior.
"Because they want to use THAT room. For the same reason Jaz is in there," smirked Chrystal.
It became apparent to Christina. Some women came into the store and specifically wanted to use that changing room because they wanted to be seen changing. They were exhibitionists. Christina was so horny at the moment that she could barely stand it. Her pussy was so hot and ached so badly that she wanted to sit on the floor, pull her panties aside and rub her clit until she exploded.
Jasmine walked out of the changing room and walked toward the check out counter were Chrystal and Christina were standing. Jasmine was smiling like the lesbian that ate the virgin.
"So what did you think?" Jasmine asked Chrystal and Christina. "I was busy here at the counter watching Christina and the two customers." Chrystal said as she nodded at the other two women in the store.
Christina's face was flushed. She was breathing a little heavier then normal. Jasmine leaned in a little closer to Christina.
"Did it make you horny," whispered Jasmine.
"I am so fucking horny right this second I can't stand it'" Christina said hoarsely.
"Follow me," Jasmine said as she turned toward the back of the store.
Once the two women reached the back of the store, Jasmine reached into her bag and pulled out what looked like a lipstick case.
"Let's go into the office," Jasmine said.
Christina opened the door and the two women walked inside. Jasmine turned and locked the door and instructed Christina to sit on the small couch. Christina did as she was told as Jasmine set the cloths she was carrying on the desk and walked over to Christina. Jasmine knelt down in front of Christina holding the small little container. Jasmine started to reach up under Christina's dress.
"What are you doing," Christina asked as she forced her knees together.
"Relax. I am going to make you cum," Jasmine said smiling.
"No, no, no," Christina answered back. Jasmine knew Christina was so close it would not take much to push her over the edge. She flicked the small vibrator on and tried to touch it as close to Christina's clit as possible while Christina tried to hold her knees together. A soft moan escaped Christina's mouth. Jasmine leaned forward and whispered to Christina, "Open your legs and let me make you cum."
Slowly Christina spread her knees apart and once they were far enough apart, Jasmine started to pull her panties down. Christina lifted her hips to allow Jasmine to remove her panties. The panties were now down to Christina's knees and she lifted her feet so Jasmine could remove them completely.
"Lift your ass up so I can push your dress up some," commanded Jasmine.
As Christina lifted her hips, Jasmine pushed Christina's dress up above her waist so it wouldn't get wet if Christina cummed a lot.
Jasmine stared at Christina's wet, slick pussy gleaming in the light. Christina was a little hairier then she liked but still, Christina's pussy looked delicious. As much as Jasmine wanted to bury her face in Christina's sopping pussy, she slid her left hand slowly up Christina's right thigh as she moved the little vibrator up to touch Christina's clit. The vibrator touched Christina's tingling pussy and electric waves of pleasure shot though Christina's body. Christina looked down at the little lipstick shaped device as the end of it massaged her clit. Jasmine pushed two fingers into Christina's pussy and curled them forward slightly until they found her G spot.
Christina had an orgasm almost instantly. Wave after wave of pleasure rocked Christina's body. Moans and grunts escaped from her lips as her body recoiled from the sexual release that it was receiving.
Jasmine withdrew her fingers from Christina's pussy and stuck them to her lips. She licked Christina's juices from her fingers. Jasmine withdrew the vibrator from its target and switched the device off. Christina lay back recovering, her body still trembling from the sexual tension and release. Jasmine took the chance. While looking up at Christina, she slowly inched her tongue forward until it met Christina's pussy lips. Christina looked shocked as her eyes met Jasmines. She had never had another woman od any of these things to her. Slowly Jasmine licked up and down trying to avoid Christina's clit. She licked and sucked Christina's pussy until it was clean.
"God, that felt good," Christina cooed. What is that thing?"
"It's called a pocket rocket," answered Jasmine. "You should get one. Discrete, quiet, and portable."
"Want to watch me cum?" Jasmine asked Christina. Jasmine and Teresa had talked about trying to get Christina to be one of their 'friends'. After all, a lesbian could never have too many playmates, could they?
"I should get back out there and help Crystal watch the store," replied Christina as she felt her face start to flush.
"Ok, if you're sure you don't want to watch. I think I'll go home, slap a DVD in the player and break out my favorite dildo," Jasmine said as she wiped her face with a tissue and turned to pick the items she was going to buy.
Christina sat on the couch with her legs spread apart, dress hiked up around her waist, pussy dripping from just having an intense orgasm, and more confused about sex then any time in her life. Slowly she stood up, not trusting her legs to hold her, and walked to the private toilet the office had so she could clean herself. Not that she needed to clean herself after Jasmines expert licking but to make sure no one knew what had just happened in the office.
Jasmine waited for her and together they walked out of the office and back to where Crystal stood at the counter.
As Crystal rang up the items Jasmine was buying, Christina looked around the store for the other two women. She glanced at Crystal.
Without looking up from bagging the items Jasmine was buying, Crystal said, "They're in the front changing room."
Christina looked toward the booth and noticed a couple sitting on the bench out in the mall hallway. Both were looking toward the store and at the changing room but were being quite nonchalant about it. But Christina could tell they were looking at the two women changing in the booth.
It was all Christina could do to not walk over to the spot you could see into the booth. And her clit was starting to ache again. It was going to be a long day. She could not wait to get home so she could feel John's hard cock stroke in and out of her steaming pussy. Maybe she should buy one of those pocket rocket vibrators.