I had to smile to myself as I led my brother, Ted, from the living room back to my bedroom. Something important had just happened, something that would change each of our lives in ways that were obvious, and in ways we couldn't even conceive yet.
The spanking Ted received was severe by any definition of the word. And, even though his ordeal was laced with sexual connotation from start to finish, the important thing is that my brother received exactly what he deserved, he took it like a man, and the fact that he allowed my friend, Sara, to remove his panties and spank him naked meant he wanted to be forgiven for his bad behavior and start over with me with a clean slate.
I was elated beyond what I had hoped for as it occurred in front of me. He was only mildly embarrassed and humiliated, and for the most part, I don't think he suffered any lasting emotional trauma from the way we treated him during his spanking. Being paraded in front of Sara in his panties, and made to stand in a submissive position in front of her as she lowered his panties and inspected him, front and back, would have been difficult enough for anyone. But, being put into position and taking the spanking of his life, proved to me he was serious about wanting to be forgiven for his misdeeds and ready to change.
Now, I fully admit I went through a full range of emotions during my brother's spanking. The initial surge of excitement I got when Sara seemed to be understanding, even appearing pleased, about Ted wearing panties made me feel much better about my own acceptance of his panty wearing. And if Sara's comments were true, I wasn't the only woman who found the idea of a man in panties more than mildly exciting.
Then, watching Sara as she intimately examined Ted before his spanking almost caused me to shove my hand down inside my shorts and rub myself right then and there. Admittedly, I was riveted to the sight of her touching him, squeezing him and stroking his beautiful cock. The voyeur side of me came to life during this whole event, and every second it lasted, there was eye candy for me to look at. Honestly, I'd have been happier to see Sara do more touching with Ted, up to the point of making him cum, mind you, but this was the first time I'd ever seen any amount of live, sexual contact between two other people, and if I had to summarize the way I felt about it, it would be this: I absolutely loved it.
When the spanking was over..... after Sara delivered the last swat on Ted's ass, she was out the door and gone less than a minute later, leaving Ted in a crying mess, bent over my kitchen table. While he was being spanked, I felt so guilty for tricking him into it. I clearly had no idea Sara would turn out to be such a spanking expert, and her spanking would be so thorough. When we were talking about it on the phone before the spanking, and she was giving me all the warnings, I thought it was partially a heap of theatrics on her part to impress me with her spanking knowledge. But, once she actually got to my house and the introductions were complete, she took control and every step of the way, she knew exactly what she was doing and I have to say she's got my vote as the Spanking Queen of the World.
I trusted Sara.... I took her at her word that she wouldn't hurt him, and thankfully, she didn't. Her precisely placed swats ensured no spot on his butt was hit twice, and just as she explained to me ahead of time, she had him crying, literally sobbing, in under two minutes.
And, that was the hardest part for me.... Ted's crying. You would think I'd be jumping for joy to see my smart-ass brother finally get what he had coming, but, when he started to cry, and then, when he started to howl, it affected me deeply. I could see the extreme pain and suffering in his eyes and I wanted to end it all and beg Ted for his forgiveness. I felt guilty I'd manipulated him into falling prey to my devious revenge scheme.
But, there was something else I felt, too, and that was a sense of power over my brother that had never existed before. I'd lived my whole life as his shadow sibling. He was the powerful one, the clever one, the one that always got what he wanted, and always got the upper hand. Case in point, he even got the upper hand by voyeuring me for fifteen solid years, and if he hadn't confessed earlier this evening in that weird twist of fate, he's still be doing it.
So, I was being pulled in multiple directions with all of this. I felt sorry for my brother, but, I knew he deserved it. I wanted him to be forgiven so he could be Shannon's fantasy doctor because I knew it would lead to sex between them, and I'd be able to see it first hand, right in front of my eyes, and watch it closely. And, of course, there was the matter of his cock. That wonderful, beautiful cock my brother had between his legs.
In a strange way, though, all of it was connected.... it all played into itself – I had to be involved with Ted's cock because I wanted the damn thing to get erect and work when I got him together with Shannon. And, in order to insure he was able to get hard, and stay hard, long enough for me to get what I wanted out of their nasty co-fantasies, I had to have a "Hands On" approach to his cock recovery and cock training.
It was a tough job, but someone had to do it.
So, as the two of us reached my bedroom, I whisked down the comforter and sheets covering the bed, and helped my brother carefully lie down. "It's late Teddy," I said quietly, noticing his lifeless cock, "I want you to stay the night. Just relax and I'll put some more aloe on you and you can sleep here, with me tonight."
I didn't realize it at first, but, Ted wasn't paying attention to me at all. His eyes were staring at my panties. I didn't even think about slipping my shorts back on after I gave him his reward in the living room, and a sudden feeling of excitement flooded over me when I saw him looking at the way my wet panties clung to my crotch as I hovered over him. I found myself standing there, letting him look, enjoying my exhibitionist display as he looked directly at my crotch. And, as I stood there letting his look, I actually entertained the thought of slipping my panties off and handing them to him as a secondary reward for taking his spanking so well. But, I didn't. That could wait for now.
Considering the fact that in the last few hours my brother had been embarrassed, humiliated, examined, inspected, spanked, sucked, teased and then brought to a tremendous orgasm, one would have thought he'd be to tired to keep his eyes open – but no, he was quite awake and staring at my panty covered pussy. I guess I shouldn't have been surprised, especially after his lengthy confession telling me everything he'd been doing for the last fifteen years, but I was. Most guys close to forty can't get that many erections a day without it taking a toll, and if my memory was correct, he told me he masturbated three times today, and once he came over tonight, I think he'd had almost a constant hardon, except for when he got spanked and the few minutes he was in the shower. How could he still be interested in looking at my panties?
"I'm going to get the aloe." I said, as I moved toward the door. "I left it in the kitchen, but, I'll get it and come right back, Teddy. Close your eyes and try to rest."
On my way to the kitchen to get the aloe, an idea flashed through my mind where I'd take off my shirt and bra and let him see me in just my panties when I came back into the bedroom. The idea of that was nasty, but, with every step I took down the hall, the better I liked it, plus it had a therapeutic purpose, too. I know I told him I'd let him see me naked without having to peek at me. If I was serious about that, then why not start letting him see me now?
Then the fear set in. The fear that he'd see my breasts... I mean actually see them bare.... right in front of him. Okay, okay, I knew he'd already seen them probably a hundred times over the last fifteen years while he was peeking at me, but this would be different. This time, I'd only be a few feet away from him, and he'd be able to see how small they really were.
That was going to be embarrassing..... letting him see my tiny breasts. He'd know my secret for sure, now. He'd know I'd been wearing seriously padded bras to give me something up top. He'd be able to see my tiny boobs in all their glory.
It was a fact I'd lived with my whole life. In junior high school when all my friends were starting to get their boobs, I was still flat. I went into high school still able to wear my training bras, and after my freshman year, when I still had no more than just small bumps with nipples on top of them, Mom gave me the bad news.
"All the women on your father's side and on my side of the family are all small chested, Sally." Mother said, with an understanding look on her face. "You're going to be small, too, so just accept it."
That summer, I learned the secrets of buying swimsuits and bras that gave me a little more up there. Fortunately, I could buy a bra with enough padding to fill out my clothes, but, it was hard to see all my friends with their big, high set, boobs and their real, natural cleavage.
But, keeping it all in perspective, I didn't think the embarrassment I'd feel when my brother saw my chest was anywhere close to the amount of embarrassment Ted felt when he took off his jeans to reveal to me he was wearing panties. So, as I returned to my bedroom with the aloe, I surprised myself when I walked up to the bed, dropped the bottle of aloe next to my brother and reached down to the hem of my workout shirt and pulled it over my head.
Now, sports bras are not made to flatter a woman's figure, and without the padding I normally have to help me look fuller, I must have looked pathetic to my brother as I stood in front of him. The empty puffs of material that were meant to hold real boobs were empty, and it was painfully obvious to me there was no way to hide my flatness.
Ted's eyes opened wide, and he raised his head up to look at me squarely. I felt my cheeks go flush, standing no more than eight feet away from him in my bra and panties, and then a few seconds later, I could feel the sting and heat of my embarrassment spread across the back of my neck in a combination of goose bumps and sweat. You would have thought I'd do something smart, like wait until the lights were off before I took my shirt and bra off, but no, something was driving me to do this...... to expose myself to my brother almost the same way he was exposed to me earlier.
The only difference was, I was enjoying it and it was unlikely I was going to stop.
Outwardly, my face was red and I was uneasy at what I was about to do. But, inside, this was a scene I'd rehearsed and played out in my mind no less than a thousand times. Nightly, I would lie in bed, petting my girl parts, dreaming one of my most frequent fantasies where I undressed in front of a man, forcing myself to expose my body and stand naked in front of him.
The man in the dream was never important to me. Sometimes it was one of the docs at work, or just some random man I saw at the store. But, the dream always followed the same theme..... in silence, I would begin to undress. Then, as he watched, I bared myself nervously. I'd become naked, exposing myself to him. And in the most shameful manner possible, I'd touch myself with the sole intent of making myself cum in front of him.
This same fantasy, dreamed time after time in the solitude and darkness of my own bedroom late at night, was a main stay in my sexual satisfaction. I'd touch myself lightly at first, gently pinching my tiny, pink nipples..... fingers running the length of my labia and occasionally entering my vagina to spread my juices up and down my wanton slit. And through it all, I'd dream my fantasy of exposing myself as I pushed myself closer and closer to a thundering orgasm where my whole body would quake and shudder and leave me totally exhausted, and ready to sleep.
So, as I stood there in front of Ted in just my bra and panties, my heart was thumping and I agonized over what to take off next. Should I take off my panties – the panties that my brother already knew were saturated? Would that distract him so he wouldn't notice my miniature breasts? Or, should I follow the sequence of my fantasy and remove my bra next and fully live the embarrassment which I knew was unavoidable.
Almost as if they had a mind of their own, my hands lifted to the white sports bra I was wearing, and turning my eyes away from my brother's stare, I began the difficult task of wiggling out of my bra. In those few seconds, I thought about the promises I'd made to Ted...... how I told him I'd let him see me naked and how I'd willingly let him look at me so he'd never have to sneak around and peek at me again. I knew I'd have to keep those promises, and as such, I'd have to do this for him.
But, I wasn't kidding anyone. I was doing this for myself – for my own benefit and for my own excitement and pleasure.
I tried to cover my breasts with my arms, twisting slightly from side to side as I removed the sports bra, but, I could only do that for so long, and finally, I simply dropped the bra to the floor and shamefully, let my arms hang to my side. I stood there for a good minute, soaking up the embarrassment and reveling in the feeling of finally living out the fantasy I'd been dreaming for so long. When I was able to turn my eyes to look at my brother, what I saw in his stare gave me the courage to speak.
"They're small," I said, apologetically, "but, I said I'd let you see me and I'm keeping my word."
Then, boldly taking several steps toward the bed and stopping less than a foot away from him, I swallowed hard and put my thumbs into the waistband of my panties and slid them down to my knees. Ted's eyes grew huge and they were moving back and forth between my breasts and my exposed pussy.
I let him look for several minutes, and during that time, neither of us said anything. Finally, just as I'd done so many times in my dream, I reached down to my coochie, placed my hands on either side of my labia and spread myself open, giving my brother a perfect view of my inner lips, clitoris and my vagina.
I had to close my eyes as I held myself open before him. Not because I was embarrassed, but because I was filled with a mixture of shame and excitement, and I wanted to savor and experience that feeling for as long as possible.
I could feel the way my natural wetness had completely saturated me down there, and I knew Ted could see it, too. He'd have to know I was aroused and excited, as wet as I was, and as I stood there exposing my pink womanhood to him, I could barely keep myself from dipping one of my fingers into my hole and masturbating in front of him.
It had been some time since I'd trimmed my pubic hair, and I knew I was almost overgrown and he might not be able to see all the intricacies of my girl parts, but, that didn't matter to me right now. The only thing that mattered was I was living my dream and a real live man was looking at me naked.
After another minute, I reached down to my panties, pushed them lower and stepped out of them. Then, just as I promised, I held them out to Ted, offering them to him.
"I promised these to you, Teddy." I said, almost whispering. "They're pretty wet and slimy, but, if you want them, they're yours."
Ted reached his hand out and tentatively took them from me. When he did, I bent down and casually picked up the bottle of aloe and sat down next to him. Gently, I squeezed the salve out on his buttocks and silently began to rub it in.
"Does it still hurt?" I asked, softly.
"It's not too bad." Ted answered. "It still stings a little, but, not anything like it did before."
I watched Ted bring my sodden panties to his face and take a deep breath as I carefully covered his buns with the aloe. With each movement I made, I became increasingly aware of my nakedness and the fact that my big brother and I were both naked in the same room. There was an obvious eeriness between us, as if spontaneous combustion could occur at any time, and we were both aware of it.
When I was done coating my brother's tight buns with the aloe, I reached for the washcloth I'd used on him earlier and wiped my hands off. Then, like I was being led by some undeniable force, I stood up, moved directly in front Ted and looked down at him. His eyes were tiny slits, and he was holding the crotch of my wet panties directly to his nose. I could see his nostrils were wet, glistening from the juices that saturated my panties. I watched him covet the smell and wetness of my vagina, literally consuming my femininity and I felt a feeling – the same feeling I got each night as I dreamed my favorite dream about exposing myself.
I couldn't stop myself from lifting my left leg and setting my foot on the mattress adjacent to my brother's face. Then, as if I was in my dream, my right hand dropped to my crotch and I began to stroke my slit as I watched Ted sniffing my panties.
His eyes opened all the way when he saw me put my foot up on the mattress, opening my crotch up to a perfectly, wide open view of my pussy directly in front of him. Then as my hand went to my pussy, he pulled my panties away from his face and looked at me. My fingers began to move and the level of my excitement jumped. Before long, my left hand drifted down and it, too, followed my dream, knowing exactly what to do – and no more than ten seconds later, I was spreading my outer lips with my left hand as I masturbated myself with my right hand...... no more than a foot away from Ted's face.
This was the kind of nastiness I'd always dreamed about. Night after night, I'd dreamed my dream and tuned my exhibitionist fantasy until it was perfect for me, until it met my needs and allowed me to triumphantly climax. And now, I was living it. Now, I was naked and masturbating in front of a man...... wide open and in full view. There was no modesty here. There was no covering up or being discreet. I was openly playing with my pussy and no matter what excuse I would ever used to explain it, it would always be exactly what it was...... I was masturbating while someone watched me.
Before long, I wasn't satisfied with just rubbing up and down my slit. I began to push one finger, and then two, into my pussy hole. And then before I knew it, I was leaning forward, holding my lips apart so Ted could see, and repeatedly thrusting my fingers deeply into by coochie. It felt divine...... everything did. Not only the way I was touching myself, but the way I was exposing myself, too. The nasty way I was displaying my vagina and the fact I was completely naked – it was all adding to my excitement – all playing a part and driving me to do more...... to be nastier and nastier.
I was on fire now, beyond the point where I could have ever stopped. I was literally unable to stop my hands, and even if I could, I wouldn't have. All those nights of dreaming my dream and rehearsing how I'd undress, expose and then masturbate myself had taken control of me and I was powerless to stop it. I cringed at the thought of what would happen at the end – when my climax overtook me and my orgasm exploded, racking my body from head to toe as it did each night lying in bed. Would I do it? Would I do that shameful, final part of my dream in front of my brother?
"It" was something so disgraceful, I rarely ever allowed myself to think about it. Yet, I did it almost every time, and while I knew it wasn't unheard of, it carried with it a crystal clear connotation that was difficult for me to face.
Specifically, in my dream, sometimes the man would approach me as I masturbated in front of him, and put his fingers in me. Of course, I always had to emulate that part of the dream by using my own fingers. And, then once my climax began to overwhelm me and my clit got too sensitive to touch anymore, he'd pull his fingers out of my pussy, thrust them into my mouth, and make me suck them while my orgasm flowed over me.
Each night, though, while I played my fantasy out alone in my bedroom, I was forced to pretend my own fingers were those of the man. And in the heat of my excitement, at the point where my orgasm was at its apex, I'd pull my fingers from my drenched pussy and suck them thoroughly as I writhed and twisted in the midst of my climax.
The smell and taste of my own womanhood in my mouth, combined with the visions of the nasty actions in my dreams and the sensations coming from my pussy, were all I needed to launch me to a different place – a cataclysmic orgasm which shook my body in a way no other climax could do. The shameful act of sucking my own fingers gave me that certain 'push' to alter my orgasm from being just good, to being incredible.
And each time when it was over, and I'd pull my fingers out of my mouth and gasp out loud to catch my breath. I'd always feel utterly ashamed of what I'd done and I always swore I'd never do it again, but yet, I did....... again and again and again.
I knew what it meant, subconsciously. Or at least I thought I did, and I struggled with the fact I liked having the taste of lubricious pussy juice in my mouth. I know very well that most women don't mind tasting them selves on their lovers fingers or cocks, but I doubt they do what I'd been doing, intentionally sucking their fingers after deeply touching inside their pussies. The other part that added to my shame is that I knew I had a certain curiosity about other women, and while I hadn't acted on it, the fact that I'd been sucking my own pussy juice told me I could probably take it to next level and suck some other woman's juices, too.
So, as I stood there in front of my brother, shoving my fingers up into my spread open pussy and knowing my orgasm was approaching, I had to make the decision if I was going to faithfully follow my fantasy dream and do "it".
Frantically now, my fingers were rubbing up and down between my lips, twirling up over my clit and concentrating on my little bud, and then thrusting down and curling into my pussy. Time after time I repeated the movements, and each time brought me closer. I looked over at my brother and he was now sucking on the crotch panel of my panties, tasting me...... tasting my pussy...... and that was all it took to push me over the edge.
As I felt the shuddering begin, I knew my orgasm was setting in. Sure enough, just a few seconds later, I was shaking and gasping as it erupted inside me and I knew any second now, my clit would become too sensitive to touch - and that would be my cue to pull my fingers out of my pussy and put them in my mouth.
All my worry was put to rest when "it" happened just like I'd rehearsed it so many times. There was no guilt..... there was no delay, no hesitation and no remorse. At one second my fingers were thrusting deep inside my pussy, and the next, they were in my mouth. I didn't even look away from Ted's eyes as I did it, proudly climaxing in front of him as I sucked my fingers clean of my thick, heavy juices.
My brother was spellbound watching me, and as he continued to nuzzle my panties, I exaggerated the sucking actions on my fingers, hoping to make this the most exciting thing he'd ever seen in his entire life. Soon, though, I felt my orgasm passing and I pulled my fingers from my mouth and gasped for air, slumping over and holding myself up by leaning on the bed next to Ted.
I was panting, and my heart was thumping...... my head hanging over Ted's body as I tried to recover from my long awaited orgasm. Then, I felt something that jolted me.
The way I was slumping over my brother made it easy for him to reach out and touch me, and he'd taken advantage of the opportunity by reaching up and lightly pinching my pebble sized nipple. It didn't hurt – quite the opposite, it felt delightful.
"Oh, gawd, Teddy!" I moaned, still trying to catch my breath.
After another second, he released my nipple and I fell to my knees at the side of the bed with my elbows supporting my upper body on the bed, next to him. "Come on." Ted said, as he scooted his body across the bed, giving me room to lie down next to him. "Lie down here, Sally."
I was completely exhausted from my explosive orgasm, and as I crawled up on the bed next to my brother, I suddenly felt extremely ashamed of what I'd done, and curled up into the fetal position facing away from him, hiding my face in my hands, and wishing I could just dissolve away.
To be continued.