This is a fantasy based on interactions between me and models I have met in the webcam industry. This is a work of fiction and any likeness to an actual human being is purely coincidental. Please enjoy.
----------------------------------
It was never going to be a surprise. It takes 2 to 3 months to get a passport, and I had never had a reason to have one before I met you. After meeting in your room online, we became friends, perhaps even more than friends. Beautiful, sexy, intelligent, friendly, compassionate, funny... the list of positive words to describe you is endless. Practically everyone who meets you falls in love with you, and I was no exception. The difference between me and the others, it seemed, was that from the very first day I was able to look past the physical beauty and see the beauty within you, and that resonated with you. You shared much about your life away from our camera, unusual for a model, but you still kept a tight hold on your privacy so I resigned myself to being great long-distance friends. I would enjoy what we had and my life would be richer for it.
Then the unthinkable happened, and through a stroke of luck I became able to travel. I could afford to leave the US for a few weeks to take a vacation and I knew there was only one place in the world I wanted to go: Medellin, Colombia, home to the most beautiful woman in the world and, more importantly, my best friend. Of course, I had to tell you of my plans to make sure it was okay with you, and you agreed to meet me, and even seemed excited about the opportunity. This stunned me like it always did, whenever you did something to make me feel worthy of your attention. Even after all the time I have known you, I still feel like you are several levels above me. I always hope you find it endearing.
So I applied for my passport and spent the next three months working out to get into better shape for you and learning more Spanish so I would be able to communicate with the rest of your world. Your English is so good that I thought we could get by on it but it felt disrespectful for me not to try to learn your language. During this time, what had in the past been playful flirting seemed to increase in intensity. I always told you the things I wanted to do with you. That was a part of our game. But then you started getting more descriptive about what you wanted, both for yourself and for me. When I told you how much I wanted to lick your pussy, you told me that you wanted me to lay on top of you when I did it so you could suck my dick at the same time. I felt like this was not something you were sharing with others, so it made me feel even more special than you already made me feel.
I knew I would be flying into Cordoba Airport in Medellin, so to avoid the watchful eyes of the website overlords I asked you for a recommendation for a hotel near the airport that had shuttle service. When you gave me a hotel name, I booked it and you knew all I needed to do was message you the hotel room number once I checked in or ask you for a recommendation for a place to eat lunch near the hotel. As smart as you are, I knew we would figure out something.
As the weeks passed out conversations continued, some funny, some flirty, some deeply philosophical, some sexual. What I learned most was that you trusted me. You trusted me with knowledge that no one else knew, things that you had often desired to tell *someone* but did not for fear of others finding out. And it made you happy to find in me someone that you knew would keep everything quiet, whether it was a deep dark secret or something trivial like how you had never experienced the wonder of chili cheese fries. We continued to call each other novio and novia, and I made more frequent jokes about upgrading from novio to esposo. The tension built between us, not anxious tension but excited tension. Then, the day before my flight, you surprised me.
In the chat you whispered to me and asked me when my flight was going to arrive. I had avoided telling you because I wanted to give you a reason to say you did not know I was coming. I had always been extremely careful not to mention anything about my trip in the room because nothing good would come of others knowing. I trusted that you had a really good reason for asking, so I told you without reservation and left it at that. You said thank you with a mischievous grin on your face like you get sometimes when I say something clever, but I accepted it and did not push. I figured that if you wanted me to know you would tell me and if you did not want me to know it didn't change anything.
I arrived at my airport in Baltimore at 4 in the freaking morning, but it was ok because of what was at the end of the flight: you. One brief layover in Florida, then nonstop to Medellin, arriving at a little after 1 in the afternoon. I exited the plane, stopped to stretch, and followed the crowd to where I expected the baggage area to be. As I got past the hallway exit and into open space, I stopped dead in my tracks, because there with the crowd was a beautiful woman wearing jeans, a hoodie, and sneakers and holding a sign that said "Novio".
The most beautiful woman in the world was waiting for me. Me. I had hoped to see you sooner or later, but I never expected to see you at the airport, knowing how you tried to avoid being recognized. I was proud of myself, because I did not immediately run to you, I did not scream, and I did not start to cry until I had almost reached you as I walked towards my novia, my best friend. You opened your arms and invited me in for a hug and I wrapped my arms tight around you, picking you up and spinning you around slowly. You are the same height as me, so when I set you down I could look into those hypnotic eyes. I smiled at you. You smiled at me. We both giggled like school children. And then I asked, "puedo besarte?"
You gave a shy smile and looked down a bit, half closed your eyes, then looked back up to me and nodded your head to say yes. I had dreamed of this moment ever since the day I first talked to you, and every day after. With one arm behind your back, I gently touched underneath your chin with my other hand, not lifting your head so much as very slowly pulling you towards me. My lips softly touched yours, a little crooked as I tilted my head so our noses did not bump each other. Then a little more pressure, savoring the softness and fullness of your lips. A little more passion as the arm behind you pulled you in closer to me, and then the kiss really began, as our tongues decided to say hello to each other. Moaning sounds escaping as the kiss ebbed and flowed, almost ending but renewing again as our lips refused to separate. The hand on your chin moved to the back of your neck, not wanting to let you go, wanting the kiss to last forever. After what felt like an eternity but was probably only a minute, I pulled back and looked you in the eyes, searching for the signs of affection and hoping that you saw the love in my eyes for you. We hugged again and laughed, knowing that we had to do this or we would kiss again and never leave this spot. I whispered "te amo, novia" into your ear, and my knees almost buckled when I heard you whisper back "I love you too, novio". We broke the hug, I took your hand in mine, and you led me to where I could pick up my suitcase.
I had been up since before God intended us to be awake, and it was now early afternoon and I was hungry. I mentioned this to you, and you insisted on taking me to a street vendor you liked. You ordered for me, and I got my first experience with arepas and they were delicious. We sat and ate at a nearby bench, and made small talk, genuinely happy just to be near each other. One time in the past we talked about us being old souls, and you thought that perhaps we knew each other in a previous life, maybe were even together then. Sitting next to you it felt like we had known each other all of our lives and had just been apart for a few weeks and were catching up. Your presence was comfortable and comforting, like I had enjoyed it before and was missing it. After we ate, I insisted that we go to my hotel so I could check in, and I silenced your protests with a kiss and a thank you but I was not going to stay with you the first day I was there. I needed to know that it was what we both wanted, and I knew you had work and could not spend all your time with me so I needed my room at the hotel.
After I checked in, you bounced on the bed like a child and laughed. It seemed so out of place from the image you present on camera, but it was also completely natural. I did not think my love for you could get any stronger, but in that moment it did. I think my heart grew larger to hold more of you inside of it. I sat next to you on the bed and kissed you again. Unlike the airport, this was a series of short fun kisses, groaning with passion but also filled with smiles, laughter, and joy. I thought I knew where this was headed, and although I wanted it badly I was surprised it was happening so quickly. I dropped a hand to squeeze a breast, blocked from truly feeling it by the hoodie but eliciting a moan anyway. I held it, resisting the urge to attack it. I wanted to slow play everything, not wanting to act like an impatient horny teenager. I wanted to be the man you deserved, to be the giver of pleasure as much as I could. I made a move to slide my hand under the sweatshirt but you held my wrist and stopped me, and said, "Not yet. Soon, but not yet. You promised to fulfill our fantasy of you being in my studio." And with more energy than ever you bounced up, grabbed my hand, and practically pulled me out of the door to your car. Oh. My. God. We were going to your broadcast room!
We drove to your apartment like it was any other day, and not the first day we met. It was like we had been friends for years. Even though we were both excited about what might happen, there was no longer any nervousness or anxiety. We entered your apartment holding hands again. I could not get the feeling of love out of my head, nor did I want to. You asked if there was a particular outfit I wanted you to wear, and I told you I liked the black mesh outfit you had recently gotten. You gave me an interesting look as I mentioned that the skirt could be worn as a bandeau top if you wanted to, and told me that you had not considered that and asked if I wanted you to do it. I said yes as it would be a new look for your viewers.
I knew that one thing for sure was going to happen, since we had talked for months about it, so I took a pillow and put it on the floor in front of your bed while you changed into the outfit. I did not want to peek but I could not help myself. I have repeatedly told you that I thought you were the most beautiful woman in the world, and seeing you in person made it clear that no argument against that could be made. Your skin is so much smoother than on camera, your smile so much brighter, your body even more perfect than my previous idea of perfect. I kneeled on the pillow to see how high I would be compared to the edge of the bed. You turned on the camera without broadcasting and lay on the bed for a test shot. I leaned forward and gave your pussy a kiss over your panties and then lifted your legs over my shoulders. You adjusted the camera and made sure I could not be seen. I did not know when it would happen, but I knew it would happen. I told you that it was up to you, that I would wait for you to give me a signal. You smiled and told me I would know.
I logged onto the website so I could talk to you without saying anything and sat in a chair next to the camera so that you could look at me and it looked like you were looking at the camera like you usually do. When you turned the camera on and started broadcasting, there were immediately people ready to go. The way you handled the crowd was amazing. You are so charismatic that most people are willing to wait their turn for you to acknowledge them, and those who aren't willing get politely dealt with. When someone buzzed you, the look of bliss upon your angelic face was divine. I had always noticed it, but seeing it in person is so much better than on camera. I could tell how real it was for you, how much you enjoyed it, even craved it, and it was genuine appreciation for those who did it. Your friendly banter with everyone, whether they were regulars or first time visitors was a treat to watch, and several times I had to stop myself from laughing out loud like I do when I am at home.
A few times you changed the camera angle, but never enough that I felt it was time, and I never got what I thought was an obvious signal. Then, about 45 minutes into the broadcast and after a particularly vigorous series of buzzes, you raised the camera up and zoomed in on yourself, and then reached down and slid your panties to the side to show me your bare pussy. Shortly after that I got a whisper that simply said "Now, novio". I got off my chair and crawled silently across the floor to the edge of your bed. When I reached you, I slid both hands slowly up your legs. So smooth, so toned, so perfect. No one pays them much attention but they should. They are amazing. I leaned forward and kissed the inside of your right thigh, then turned and licked at the inside of your left. Then I kissed a little higher on the left and licked a little higher on the right. Crawling a little closer to you, climbing a little higher on your luscious legs, I could smell the excitement on you. You always made it known that you got wet easily, and here I was about to taste the ambrosia seeping from your heavenly treasure.
I wanted to bring you pleasure, send you skyrocketing to the moon, but worried about someone asking you what was going on. I should have asked that before we started but it was too late for that discussion now. There was already a pearl of moisture at the bottom of your slit, so I touched the tip of my tongue there to get my first taste of you. Even though I could not see you, I could feel you relax, I could hear you moan, and I knew you had closed your eyes and opened your mouth slightly. It is a look I know very well and love even more. I licked up one of your outer lips, made a circle around your clit without touching it, and then back down the other side to gather more moisture. I worked around the tail of your buzzer so it was not in my way. It was hard to tease you like this when I wanted to just dive in as deep as I could go, but I told myself that it would be best for you this way. After a few more laps around the outside of your pussy, I started through the center, letting my tongue separate your outer lips and stroke the inner ones, bathing my tongue in your delicious feminine juices. This time when I reached the top I flicked the tip of my tongue rapidly over your clit a few times, then kissed it and went back to the bottom again for another trip northward.
When I reached your clit that first time, your thighs closed around my head a little bit, as much as you tried to keep yourself open for me. On the second pass, I felt your hand on top of my head; not pushing me, but holding on and making sure I did not go anywhere. Another pass upwards, this time with the flat of my tongue and finishing with a suck on your clit, and you gave an audible intake of breath. I had to push the toy tail aside this time so I could give you this treatment. This time I did feel you pull my head closer, trying to increase the pressure. I took the hint and started to concentrate on your clit, licking and sucking, moving above it and pressing down on it like you do with the vibrator. I also started quietly humming while doing this, trying to impersonate the vibrator, then I began hoping for someone to vibrate you while I was licking you. I began to wonder if anyone noticed and what you might be telling them.
I gave you another lick from bottom to top, and this time I let my fingers touch you for the first time. I rubbed them up and down to coat them with your natural lube and then slid a finger inside as I covered your clit with my mouth again. When I entered you your hips flexed upward and I started to slide the finger in and out of you. I felt you tap my head twice, and then twice again, and hoped you were signaling for a second finger so I withdrew and then slid my two middle fingers into you. Your pussy clenched around them, and I wiggled them to try and touch every part of your inner chamber. I smiled when I felt you grab for hair I do not have when I started moving faster, and I heard an audible gasp when I turned my fingers upward in search of your g-spot.
Then all hell broke loose as one of your viewers buzzed you ten or twelve times in a row. I could hear the vibrations since my face was buried there and I could feel them as it touched my fingers while I was touching your inner walls. It was then that I had my first brilliant idea. I moved my fingers underneath the business end of the toy and pushed it firmly up against your g-spot, waiting for the next buzz. When it happened, I was not disappointed as your hips jumped off the bed. I have known you long enough to know that regular buzzing does not make you loud, so the cry you made is the loudest sex noise I have ever heard you make. I hoped for someone to buzz you repeatedly while I held it against you and was rewarded for my ingenuity as another dozen chimes rang out and your body bounced trying to get away from the overload of sensations. I tried my best to keep pressing it against your roof and maintain my sucking on your clit but you closed your legs and rolled sideways. I scrambled backwards hoping that no one saw me and was relieved a minute later when you recovered, looked at the monitors, and gave me a subtle thumbs up sign.
I went back to my seat and got back on my phone. I scrolled through the posts and smiled at the reactions my idea got from the users, and added my own "te amo novia" to the chat. My heart sang as you read it and looked at me and said "I love you too, novio." Then I sent you a whisper. "I have an idea. Do you trust me?"
You whispered back to me with, "Of course. What are you going to do?"
I replied, "Start a tip show. When it reaches goal, you do what you do best and I will be your personal cameraman." You got the biggest smile on your face, which quickly turned into a loud moan as another few buzzes went off inside you.
You spoke to the room then. "Wait a minute, guys. You have me so horny, I need to cum. Help me out." You clicked a few things with your controller, and I noticed on my phone that you had started the tip show. It did not take long to reach the goal you set. You must have been excited for this because it was a low goal amount for you. I knew it had been reached when you peeled off your clothes and were completely naked. I sat stunned by how perfect you are. Totally and completely flawless.
You began by rubbing your clit with one hand and softly gripping your breast with the other. I noticed that you never really squeezed them hard. I would have to ask you about that later. I heard some chimes indicating viewers buzzing you. I added my own to maintain the illusion that I was still back home in the US and then I took your camera from the mount and walked close to you. I moved the lens close to your breast, giving a close up of your hard stiff nipple. You gave it a pinch for the room and immediately the buzzer chimes went off. You moaned louder, telling the room not to stop. I got your face in the full frame, your face showing how much you were lost in the pleasure. Your eyes shut, your lips parted, your head leaning back as the vibrations washed over you. I panned down to your crotch to get a close up of you rubbing your clit, making circles around it and occasionally dipping your fingers inside your pussy. I knelt between your legs so I could get a closeup of you thrusting your fingers in and out of your tight treasure as the buzzer kept ringing. Every 30 seconds or so I would lift the camera to show your whole body and face, and then return to watching your pussy try to swallow your fingers.
Your moans got louder as the excitement increased, as did your pleas for the viewers of "don't stop", "keep going", "I'm almost there", and "make me cum". You sat up a bit and took hold of the dildo laying beside you and ran the head of it up and down your slit, lubricating it with the juices that were leaking out of you. When you started fucking yourself with the dildo I focused there waiting for the glorious event to happen. "Don't stop, I'm so fucking close." More buzzing, more groaning. Faster and faster the dildo wrecked your pussy. You pulled the dildo out and started crushing your clit with your fingers and I moved the camera to get a close up. And then you stopped and your hips arched and you squirted. Right at the camera, just like I had planned.
After a few minutes of cooldown you were talking to the viewers repeatedly telling them that there was "no fucking way" that you were telling them who was holding the camera. I whispered a suggestion to you that you say that it was the same person who moved the camera in your first orgasm video and that you never told anyone who that was either. I even asked you in the open chat who it was, just to maintain my cover. You asked the room to give you a few minutes to clean up and disconnected from the chat. I came over and gave you a searing passionate kiss which you returned and then you smacked my arm and said I might have damaged the camera getting it covered in pussy juice. I grabbed a towel and helped clean up the floor while you wiped yourself down with another one. I went back to my earlier spot and you reconnected and spent another hour with the channel before excusing yourself for the rest of the day, saying you were taking some time for yourself. You said your goodbyes and turned off the camera. I came back over and sat next to you on the bed, put a hand gently on your thigh, leaned close and softly said, "You are fucking awesome, babe" before softly kissing you.
It was getting to be dinner time and I asked if you had any recommendations on where to eat. You told me of a favorite restaurant where the staff respected your desire to keep your identity hidden and we could talk without much disturbance. I asked if you trusted me, and you replied that you already told me that you did and I was silly to keep asking you. I asked if you would wear the buzzer inside you while we went to dinner and if I could get the control program on my cell phone. Your eyes lit up, then you pursed your lips in an exaggerated "I'm thinking" look. You gave a few "hmmm" sounds, then agreed. You asked me about dressing up for you, and I said the jeans and hoodie would be perfect as long as you could comfortably wear the buzzer since I knew the jeans looked like they had been painted on. You kept the hoodie but paired it with some workout pants that hugged your curves spectacularly well, and we walked hand in hand to your car. You took me to a restaurant that looked very run down, but I knew if you liked it then it must be special.
As a fitness instructor I knew you were careful of your diet, so I wondered what you would suggest for me, but I need not have worried. You decided that I should have the full Bandeja Paisa experience as it was the best way to learn about Colombian food. We sat next to each other at a square table towards the back of the restaurant and I held your hand as we waited for our food and talked about the experience in the broadcast. I pulled out my cell phone and turned on the buzzer to a low setting, a constant soft vibration that caused you to visibly relax. You told me that it was one of the best broadcasts you had ever had. I knew that there were plenty of days where you had private shows that were close to an hour so I felt great pride in being able to give you that experience. It was nice to be able to fulfill a fantasy for both of us.
The food was amazing. So much of it and so many different things in one meal. I had heard of this as I had done some internet research on Colombian food, but even knowing what the dish was I was not prepared for how incredible it tasted. As we ate I managed to raise the intensity of the buzzer, giving it spikes in power and bringing it back down, just like what would happen in the room. The first time I did it you dropped your fork onto the plate, which got me to laugh. After the first time you began to anticipate it, even look forward to it, and whenever I did it you would close your eyes and give a little moan like you just took a bite of the best dessert ever. Of course I knew the best dessert ever was between your legs.
We finished our dinner looking at each other, eyes sending messages that needed no voice. I held the door for you as we left and put my arm around your waist as we walked to your car. When we reached it, I turned you around and pulled you into a hug, and then said softly into your ear, "You will cum for me now, sweetie." I pulled you into a kiss as I turned the intensity of the vibrator up to a constant high buzz. You returned the kiss with a lover's intensity, and we shared our passion with each other. I reached behind you and squeezed your ass, pulling you even closer as my leg went between yours and you began grinding your pussy against my thigh. You were so turned on; I was practically pushing my leg into your crotch so you had something to rub against while I moved to kiss your neck. I moved my second hand to grope your other cheek and pulled you tight to me, and after another minute of grinding you moaned an "Oh mi Dios" and started to shake. I left your ass and hugged you tight to support you while you had your orgasm, kissing your cheek and telling you how beautiful you are. After you finished, you slumped against me a little, then looked me in the eyes and said, "We are going back to your hotel and you are going fuck me, please."
Well, I couldn't refuse that request, so off we went. You drove fast, like there was a deadline to meet. You knew the way to get there, and in a flash (or forever, I could not decide which) we were there. We walked quickly into the hotel and started kissing as soon as the elevator door closed. The elevator ride was too short and we moved swiftly to my room. I know that there was love and tenderness in our actions, but the passion and sexual tension were there as well. We undressed ourselves quickly and I pulled you into another kiss as we fell together onto the bed. We held each other, hands roaming over skin as our tongues danced the tango. I could kiss you forever if I could, but there were other things to get to this evening. I spun around so we faced opposite directions and then tried to pull you on top of me. You knew what I wanted and straddled my head while you reached your hand to my cock. You went to work, sucking me whole into your mouth and licking around me while your lips closed on my base. I smacked your ass and then grabbed your hips and pulled your pussy to my face, eagerly digging my tongue into your dripping slit. I could feel the vibrations of your moans as you bobbed up and down on my shaft. I pushed my tongue in as far as it would go, then pulled it out and started to flick your clit with the tip of my tongue as fast as I could. Your hips bucked, and you returned the favor with your tongue flicking on my cock head, causing my hips to jump as well.
As I was working your clit I slipped my index finger into your soaked pussy and coated it with your nectar, which I then rubbed around your asshole. "Si, novio, si" was what I thought I heard but I was not sure as your thighs pressing on my head made hearing difficult. When I pushed into your tight asshole with my lubed finger, your head came off my cock and you said, "Ai, Papi, si, dame mas, mas, no pares." In all of the time we had known each other you had never called me that, and my cock jumped when you did. I finger fucked your asshole while increasing my attention on your clit and pussy, holding my tongue still and moving my head up and down. You went back to the blowjob and tried to give it the attention you wanted, but you kept letting go to moan or cry out.
I felt your orgasm start, and I was glad for it because I was nearing mine and did not want to cum yet. You sat up a little higher on your knees and pressed your crotch down onto my face and your body began to shake. I pushed my finger deeper into your ass and tried to hold onto your clit with my mouth as you rode me like a jockey on a horse. When I felt the wave crash and begin to lessen I pulled out my finger, rolled us over and scrambled to kneel between your open legs. I wanted to look you in the eyes as I entered you. I wanted you to see me. In the great debate between fucking and making love, I never wanted to lose the love even if we were fucking.
You slid your hand between us and took hold of my cock and guided it to your entrance. You rubbed my head up and down your soaked pussy lips to cover it with your juice, and the look of desire on your face filled my heart. I pressed forward, sliding easily into your tight channel due to how wet you were. Your eyes locked into mine and as I began to thrust my hips against yours I leaned down to kiss you. Your legs closed around me and your ankles crossed behind me, keeping me inside you. This would not be slow; there would be another time for that. I knew this would not be a one-time encounter. You encouraged me. "Fuck me, bebe. Fuck me. Yes, fuck me." I laid my body over yours and slid my arms underneath you and put my hands on your shoulders so I could pull you down while I fucked into your tight pussy. I would not last, not with you looking at me with such bliss. I felt it begin and I slammed as hard as I could into you. You knew it too, and said to me, "Si, novio, cum for me, cum in me." And I did.
I gave a final thrust and my seed shot out into your welcoming tunnel. I groaned in pleasure as you flexed your muscles and squeezed my cock. Another four shots and I was finished, drained from the emotional and physical release. I gave you a soft kiss on the lips and then smiled, almost laughing. I rolled off and lay next to you, and reached for your hand so there was still a connection between us. Whatever happened next was up to you. I knew what I wanted, but you had known what I wanted for a long time. I never hid that from you. I hoped you wanted the same thing but I never really asked since it seemed like an impossibility, but here I was, next to you in the same bed. Whether this was a one-time encounter or the beginning of the rest of our lives together, today would always be the greatest day of my life.