You know that feeling when your fingers and toys just aren't doing the trick? You play with yourself any chance you get for relief and it comes but only for a mere moment and then the hunger is back, stronger than before. That's how I've been feeling for 3 days.
I'm a bigger girl with beautiful full figure, and the confidence of lioness hunting her first meal in a week. It's Friday night and I know I need to have a man tear my pussy up. Use me for the sexy slut I am. I look through my phone and really am not feeling any of my usual dick appointments so it's settled I'm going to a random bar to find someone new.
My wetness is growing as I put my makeup on wearing nothing but my teal lace bra and matching lace panties. My skin is olive and speckled with all different sized beauty marks, thanks to my ancestors from Italy. I have shoulder length wavy auburn hair with choppy bangs that rest right above my burgundy frames. I'm a natural brown hair with hazel eyes, they are mostly green with specks of brown and orange. I recently went auburn with my hair because it makes me feel like a sex kitten.
I walk over to my closet to get dressed once my makeup is done and I have my hair tousled so it looks like my curls have effortless fallen into the perfect shape framing my face. I pull out a few dresses holding them up in front of me settling on a low cut black wrap dress that comes just below my ass cheeks. This dress shows of all my favorite assets. My legs are long and thick in all the right spaces and my calves look sexy in a nice pair of pumps. My luscious cleavage glistens from the luster dust I put on as my chest expands with each breath I take.
I close my closet door and check myself out in the floor length mirror. I know I'm going to get lucky tonight but could never guess how lucky.
I live in a town that is about 30-45 minutes from about 15 bigger towns so I usually ask Siri to pick a bar close to an hour away and whatever she spits out first I go to. I have found some of the coolest places this way. This time she says some bar about 50 min from me so I hop in my car and start driving. I have my "feeling frisky" playlist on with songs ranging from Closer by Nine Inch Nails to 34 + 35 by Ariana Grande.
Once I park in the back lot it's just about 9pm my car clock says 9:04 but I can never remember if it's too fast or slow. I get out of the car and I can hear loud music playing it sounds like it could be a live rock band and I feel electric jolts through my whole body.
I walk in and survey the area real quick before I walk up to the bar to order. The bar barely has standing room but that helps my odds for a bit of discrete exhibitionism. I see a few potential guys and there's even a few couples I'd be interested in going home with if given the chance. The girl behind the bar is on it and asks what I need before I even make eye contact with her. I order my usual whatever local craft blonde ale they have on tap. This one came with 2 cherries on the bottom which I was not expecting but it was a pleasant surprise and I figure they could help me catch a few eyes when it came time to pop them in my mouth.
I slinked my way towards the edge of the crowd that was on the dance floor if you want to call it that. I mean people were kind of dancing mostly swaying and a few rowdy guys would mock mosh pit here and there but I found a pocket in a dimmer area of the bar against the wall so I could kind of be a wall flower as I looked for my target.
My beer went down smoothly as i was really feeling the music not caring if anyone was watching me dance the band did cover songs of 90s and early 00s rock bands. Third eye blind, nirvana, foo fighters, a bit of Shinedown, and shockingly enough they even threw in some lil Wayne and Beatles. It's like this place on this night was made for for me. I went and got my second beer to find out it was purchased for me by someone who liked my dress. Hey I'll take it.
I went back to my wall and was singing along to lollipop shaking my ass not caring if my lace panties show. More like hoping they do show and someone is watching. I feel someone come up behind me as I bend forward some. I feel a firm grip on my right hip pulling my ass towards his crotch. I grind against him feeling how big he is through his tight jeans. My lace panties are rubbing right against his jeans causing such a lovely sensation and making me wetter than I've been in a long time. As the song ends I stand up and let my back press against his chest still with my ass pressed against his crotch. I'm fairly certain my lace covered ass is on display to anyone behind us and I don't care.
The band starts playing change by Deftones and I know I'm going to have an orgasm before the song is over. He brings his left hand to my neck and whispers do you want to put on a show? I grind my ass into him letting him know without speaking I'm in. He keeps his left hand on my neck and slides his right hand to my sex. I hear him groan when he feels how wet I am through the lace. He was sweet and asked if he can ruin them and I nodded yes. I feel his sausage sized pointer press into my slit ripping the fabric as he shoved his finger in me. I am startled by how fast that fabric gave as well as how full I felt from one finger. I gasp and he says you haven't had anything yet darlin.
If his hand wasn't on my neck holding my up I would have fallen over from pleasure. He was pumping in and out while moving in circles all with the beat. "I took you home. Set you on the glass. I pulled off your wings. Then I laughed." And I was cumming like a faucet, his left hand moved to my mouth so I would stay quiet and his right pointer was still pounding in and out of me. My legs were for sure Jell-o at this point and he asked if I wanted to come sit in his booth with him. I agreed he pulled his finger out of me and grabbed my hand and my juices squished as our fingers locked.
We get to the booth and there are 2 other guys and I realize they had a perfect view of me dancing and they had to have seen me have an orgasm. The guy who fingered me spoke first and said "Jerry said I wouldn't be able to get you to come to our table and Tom said he would buy us rounds for the rest of the night if I could. So I figured the worst is I get turned down and I come back and sit down, the best case I get a pretty girl to join us all while winning a bet and free drinks for the rest of the night. I wasn't expecting to finger you there but something came over me."
I'm assuming Tom spoke up and said "Pete I'm not sure how you did it but that show alone deserves free drinks on me, you got more action in 5 minutes than I have in the last month and I'm not even single."
I pipe in and say "well guys it's nice to meet you I'm Lucy and there's plenty of me to go around if yah know what I mean." All 3 mouths drop and I know we are going to have a memorable night.