THURSDAY EVENING, ROAD TRIP
"Take your time, Patrice," I say, calling you by your office rival's name as your tongue swirls around my cock. "We have a ways to go until our next stop."
You start to raise your head, perhaps to acknowledge the order, perhaps to wonder where we're going, but I push your head back down with one hand, the other on the steering wheel. "Cock in, mind off baby." Once you start bobbing up and down again, I let go of the back of your head and with a couple of nudges and light slaps at arms and legs, I encourage you to rearrange yourself until your bare ass is visible through the window to anyone we pass. I stroke my hand across your bare bottom and up your naked torso to the black leather collar around your neck, double checking that you cinched it tightly before we sped out of the parking garage. With some effort I loop one finger under the strap and you gag a moment, throat constricted and the head of my cock just touching the back of your tongue, before I pull you up for air. You rest your head on my thigh, eyes closed and gasping to catch your breath, your whole body convulsing as you suck in air.
I take the moment to turn off the brightly lit main thoroughfare onto a side street with less traffic, a conglomeration of older, smaller office buildings, far fewer streetlamps. Your red, tear-stained face is only periodically illuminated at intervals before we plunge back into pools of darkness between street corners. It's not hard to find an empty on-street parking spot here and I pull over. Your eyes open and you raise your head a bit. "Are we there?" A quick slap on your already sensitive cheek makes you gasp out "Sir!"
I grab your collar and grind your face against my cock. "You don't worry about where we're at, Patrice. You're not in charge here, you don't have to think about a thing. You just do what I tell you. Do you understand?"
A muffled "Yes sir" and then I guide your head up and with my other hand feed my dick into your mouth, using my grip on the collar to pump your head at a comfortable speed - for me, at least. After a minute of listening to the slobbery "awk, awk, awk", I pull you off for another moment of catching your breath in the dark of the car.
You are half sitting up, eyes darting around to assess where we are and I reach over to grab a bare nipple, erect with arousal, and twist hard to a gasp and all your attention on me again. With my other hand I grasp your throat, forcing you to keep looking at me. "It doesn't matter where we are, Patrice. You're mine for the weekend. There could be a whole group of drunks lining up outside the car with their cocks out, waiting for their turn with you," as I feel you shiver and shift beneath me, the scent of your damp pussy very strong, "And it won't matter. You'll do what I say, as punishment for what you've done to my lovely, even if that's taking a dozen filthy cocks in each of your disgusting holes, Patrice."
You swallow, barely restraining yourself from glancing around again to see all of the cocks I'm threatening. "Yes sir."
"Now tell me the first thing you did to disrespect my lovely this week, Patrice."
You swallow again as I loosen my grip around your throat, and take a couple of deep breaths, eyes downcast, shivering and jumping slightly as I alternate between caressing your breasts and giving each of your nipples a sharp pinch. You begin slowly, breathily, pausing between pinches. "I... ah! I saw her Monday morning.. mmph! I saw her coming to the elevator and I didn't hold it. Ahh! I.." a little bit of a sob as I slap at your breast, then grab it roughly, your voice getting a little choked and teary. "I just smirked at her and gave her the finger as the doors were closing! Ouch, sir, that hurts!"
I release your breast and give you a sharp slap across the face, not bracing your jaw this time, and in the faint light from the dash I can see your eyes glistening. "Not very well behaved at all, Patrice. Your first penance is to gag on my cock until I cum, while showing all of those drunks outside the car," I jerk your head around when you involuntarily turn to look, "While showing them your filthy, sloppy wet holes." With that I drag your head down into my lap again and force you to be still for a moment, while I reach into the side pocket of the car door and pull out a couple of items. "New jewelry for you for the weekend, Patrice," I mutter as I first flip the top off the bottle of lube and squirt it generously over your butt cheeks. "Raise that ass of yours up, you snotty little bitch."
When you do so, I roughly rub the lube from your cheeks down into your ass crack, shoving a lube-covered finger unceremoniously in and out of your asshole to repeated gasps from you, until you're well and truly oiled up. Wiping my fingers and hand off on your back, and then through your hair to a grunt of disgust, I next flip the switch on the jeweled plug and the loud buzzing fills the car, almost drowning out your whimper of anticipation. Another moment and it's seated firmly in your ass, with a minimum of squirming on your part. Another item from the side pocket, a small pink vibrator with a bulbous head. "Take this and hold it on that dirty little clit of yours until I say otherwise, do you understand?" Face pressed against my cock, your hot breath hitching every time it twitches, you first try to nod, then manage a barely coherent "yessir" before I push the vibrator into your hand and you twist awkwardly to apply it, your body immediately jerking when it makes contact.
"Keep that ass up so they can all see what a dirty little punishment whore you are, Patrice," I order, grabbing your collar and levering my cock back into your mouth. You don't need any prompting this time and start bobbing enthusiastically, pausing now and again only when a shudder rolls through your body when the rhythms from the two vibrating toys combine in just the right way. I wipe my hands on a rag, give your back and backside a half-assed swipe, and then toss it in the back with your purse and shoes.
"You are a rude little bitch, aren't you?" I ask, but you only moan and I'm not even sure you're hearing me now. A sharp smack on your ass elicits a muffled yelp, but you don't stop bobbing up and down with sloppy wet noises of pain and pleasure. I start spanking you in earnest, alternating between hard stinging blows, massaging, gentle rubbing at the tender flesh, and lighter, teasing blows. You start to squirm and I know you're close. I growl "Give them a show, Patrice, they're ready to have their turns with you." and as you let go I shove your head down hard onto my dick with both hands, your body wracked by wave after wave as I pump my cock one more inch into your throat and let loose.
You struggle, gagging, but I bat away your free hand until I'm done, then pull you up by the hair and push you over into your seat. You're coughing, cum and drool and snot and tears making an amazing mess of your face and breasts. Between coughs, you're whimpering, and your body is still jerking spasmodically now and again with after tremors - you still have the vibrator pressed hard to your clit, and you're gasping and crying and making begging sounds with your throat, your hand grasping my forearm, eyes pleading.
"Come," I tell you, and your body shakes again violently, your legs thrashing weakly, an animalistic wail as I forcibly take the wand from your hand and turn it off. The scent of damp pussy and sex permeates the car, and its a while before you open your eyes, your muzzy smile turning to horror and you turn your face into my shoulder - only now seeing the figure of a young man outside the passenger side window, his phone camera in one hand, the other stroking himself inside his pants.
"Oh, ohmygod, what..." You're shaking, covering yourself with your hands, and trying almost to shrink into me, but I pull your chin up.
"Patrice," I say quietly but firmly, "No one in a million years would recognize you in the state you're in. You're an absolute, filthy mess, just like you deserve for your rudeness to my lovely at the elevator. Now turn around and smile at the young man." I gently pry your hands from your breasts and pussy, and set them at your sides, then grasp your shoulders and turn you so that you're facing him, whole body trembling under my touch. In a moment, I hit the switch for the interior light and you flinch, a beautiful mess, but then your spine straightens as you see the young man stroking himself even more vigorously on the other side of the glass.
"Roll the window down, Patrice," I suggest, and give your shoulder a bit of a shove, as you appear to be somewhat dazed. Slowly, you reach over and press the button, letting in the night air, and the clear noises of rustling clothing as the stranger beats himself off, still filming you.
"That was awesome!" he crows quietly, and behind him a second man chuckles hoarsely, agreeing "No fuck, dude. You have that bitch trained good. You up for sharing that piece of ass, or what?"
You shiver, one hand drifting back to your pussy, eyes watching the man rubbing at his cock under his loose pants, and I give you another push toward the window. "How about if I let you cum on her tits tonight. Would that be satisfactory, gentlemen?" They both laugh, whether at the offer or the "gentlemen", who knows. The first young man - maybe twenty at best - is quickly unfastening his belt one handed, the other still holding the camera up, and you scoot forward hungrily as he loosens his nice-sized cock and starts stroking it even faster pointed right at you. On the video, later, we'll see how you wipe at your mouth with the back of your hand, salivating, then lick your lips, causing him to groan "Oh god! Just like that, baby!"
"Hold your tits out for him, Patrice, you dirty little cumdump. Show him where to aim." And you do, eyes glazed, lifting your breasts up and mashing them together, leaning out of the car's window a little.
"Please sir," you beg, and then he's shooting rope after rope onto your breasts, and you whimper and rub it over your skin and up your chest.
"Fuck, that was good," the first one exclaims and then he's being pushed aside by the second man, his pants and boxers already shoved down enough to let his thick, hairy cock and balls hang out. He's a little older than the first one, more solidly built, and his eyes are locked in on yours. The first man is tucking his cock away while still filming.
"No touching?" The second man grunts in question, and I answer firmly from behind you, "Not tonight, no." He nods in reluctant agreement and picks up the pace of his stroking. I lean closer to you and whisper in your ear, "Give him a show, Patrice, or I'll change my mind and let these strangers do very dirty things to you tonight." The butt plug is still vibrating away and you've been unconsciously shifting around on the seat with it, but when I reach around your waist and flick on the pink vibrator and push it against your clit you absolutely writhe in pleasure, gasping and grasping at your breasts, fondling the nipples as the second man gives a grunt and a shot of cum splatters across your lips, then another across your neck, and another two on your chest and your hands squeezing and pinching your nipples. You barely notice, it seems, grinding against the seat and the vibrator in my hand until you gasp out a cry and slump back against me, panting heavily.
The second man grins wildly, pulling up his pants and looking at me now. "Good god, that's one crazy bitch, mister." I grin back.
"You two going to be around tomorrow night?" I ask, grabbing a business card from the dash and holding it out the window. He hesitates. "Maybe. Why?" He eyes your naked, almost comatose form messily stretched out across the seat, half tucked under my arm.
"We'll be back tomorrow night around, oh, let's say 10. I'll bring something a little larger, to stretch out in." I nod to the first guy who's crowded up to the window now, as you murmur a half-hearted protest into my shoulder. "Bring a couple of friends if you want."
He nods a few times, then reaches out a hand to take the card, then again to shake after he shoves it in his back pocket. "We'll see, man." Then he slaps his companion on the shoulder, making a quiet joke as they step back onto the sidewalk. I help position you into your seat and pull the seatbelt down over your naked, slimy breasts and lap and buckle you in. One more nod to the strangers and I flip the interior light off, then I'm putting the car into drive, checking for any passing cars, and pull out into the street, rolling up the window on your side of the car as we go.
I glance once at you, a dazed look in your eyes and a faint smile on your messy, swollen lips. You catch me looking and laugh, delighted. "Patrice is really going to get what she deserves this weekend, isn't she? That dirty little backstabbing whore has it coming to her." You sink down into the seat a little, the streetlights flashing across your destroyed makeup and limp body as you tuck your head down and close your eyes, looking more relaxed than you have for this entire evening. "Thank you, sir," you half-breathe. "I needed this."
"Better catch your second wind soon, Patrice," I growl in affectionate warning. "I promise you have a long night ahead of you."
To which you only sigh contentedly.