As you may recall from reading Wardrobe Malfunction, my beautiful Wife Kara managed to end up mostly drunk and topless in the hot tub of a five star resort with myself and two gentlemen strangers. The failed bikini top strap had been sabotaged months earlier in one of my more juvenile pranks but finally managed to fail months later with an audience that very much appreciated the show. My drunk and revenge minded wife managed to turn the tables by quickly recovering from her embarrassment to openly expose her full breasts to the men and ultimately sit in their lap until her twerking ass produced a happy ending for their hot tub visit.
I subsequently fucked Kara not once, not twice, but three times later that night in our room. She was emotionally and physically exhausted for the third round as I pounded her hot pussy in the missionary position with her legs pinned almost back to her ears as my six inches blasted a third load deep in her womb. The memory of another man's hand on her breasts as she giggled while she ground her ass on his erection fueled a rare hat trick effort on my part that had left Kara a quivering cum filled mass of luscious female flesh.
You know how it is to have one of those nightmares where you are helpless as your life is threatened? You are falling or being chased or incapacitated and fear for your life. That is how I awoke the next morning. I was suffocated and gasping for breath. I struggled and caught some air only to be suffocated again. I awoke almost choking for breath and became aware of my predicament.
A breast, my wife's breast, was being dragged over my face and smothering my mouth and nose. As I turned for a breath she giggled and thrust her tit back in my face. Now aware of the situation, I consented and shifted my mouth to embrace the hard nipple and turned my face so I could breathe through my nose while enjoying the nightmare turned to treat. I suckled the aroused nipple and slurped in generous amounts of warm breast. I could hear Kara making sounds of pleasure as I attended to her sensitive nipple. My hands roamed to touch and explore her body crouched on all fours over my head. In spite of, or perhaps because of the activities of the night before, Kara was still horny. If I had to suffocate I couldn't image a better way than to be smothered in the warm soft breasts of a woman that I loved.
As my hand moved up Kara's leg her skin was cool and smooth and clean. She smelled fresh. I discovered a pair of silky panties covering her feminine parts. It seems she had been up and showered. After tracing one hand over the curves of her ass I moved delicately to trace the lips of her pussy. My other hand was tending to the breast that was not in my mouth. The warmth of her pussy was apparent and the tone of her musings changed slightly as the sensations of having her nipples suckled and massaged was compounded by fingers gently tracing over the delicate skin of her pussy lips.
In spite of the events of the night before my cock was rising to the occasion. As much as I was enjoying the pleasure of Kara's body I decided to leave her unsatisfied in the hope that her amorous mood could be extended throughout the day. Yes, I wanted to leave her horny as the same naughty fantasies that had led to the wardrobe malfunction were stirring in my head.
When I extracted my head from beneath her breasts and slid off the bed Kara looked concerned. She seemed to think that I was protesting her behavior this morning or last evening.
Her voice was weak and uncertain. "You should have told me and I would not have worn that bikini. You shouldn't have done that to my bikini. I should have covered up right-away and got out of the hot tub. Can you ever forgive me?"
I looked at her with a somewhat serious look and asked, "Did you enjoy making love last night?"
"Yes, of course, couldn't you tell?" She answered.
"Do you think I enjoyed it?" I asked.
"Yes, you haven't been that insatiable or cum that hard for ages." She answered.
"And do you think Toni and Jake enjoyed your attention last evening?"
"Of course, they were very excited and said they kept whispering encouragement and appreciation." She answered.
"So everyone was happy so why are you apologizing or worrying?" I paused.
I continued with something of an evil smile, "Last night was exciting and this morning was delightful and I'm planning to continue enjoying you and your body the rest of the day."
A smile slowly spread over Kara's face. That sweet innocent look returned.
I encouraged Kara to take advantage of the complementary brunch while I cleaned up and took care of some work emails. We would check out before noon and spend the rest of the day checking out some beaches as we worked our way toward home. We were scheduled to relieve the babysitter that evening.
I took care of the emails and packed my things. I also mapped out a route home that would take us by gulf coast beaches that I wanted to check out - including two that were noted as being frequented by topless or nude sunbathers. Kara was aware of the plan to sight see and visit some beaches but not aware of my internet investigation of nude and topless beaches.
When she returned to the room I asked her to pack a beach bag and suggested she wear her bikini under a cover-up as some of the beaches might not have changing rooms. She politely reminded me - with a grin - that she didn't have a whole bikini. I suggested her bikini bottoms and a particular top - a stretch, one shoulder strap, white tank top that would certainly flatter her when dry and qualify her as a wet t-shirt contestant when wet.
She protested, "You haven't had enough of embarrassing me or showing me off have you."
I responded, "It's certainly been fun so far."
Kara responded, "You are lucky I'm in a good mood and willing to put up with your juvenile fantasies."
I reminded her, "You enjoyed last night as much as I did.
You didn't look too embarrassed when you sat topless on two strangers' laps grinding away. That lusty look on your face while Jake fondled your breasts didn't look like you were complaining."
Kara grinned and headed to her luggage to get ready to go. I headed down to grab a snack and take some things to the car.
In the parking lot I noticed Toni walking to his car about the same time he noticed me. He walked over and wished me a good morning.
He continued, "I hope you and Kara enjoyed last night. I want to thank you again for the very entertaining Sunday evening. I ran into your wife at breakfast and thanked her again and I told her that if you two ever want to party with me and my friends I would certainly be interested."
"She looked even more beautiful in the daylight. She just blushed but at least she didn't slap me."
"I would love to see her again and enjoy her company - if you know what I mean - if you a two are ever interested. I'd be delighted to host your visit. Here is my card if this something you would ever be interested in."
I was a little taken aback and intrigued by Toni's comments as he got in his Escalade and drove off.
I headed back up to the room to get my remaining items and check out. I didn't mention running into Toni is as I wanted to wait and see if he Kara would bring up the fact that he approached her at breakfast. My mind was spinning thinking about what Tony had suggested.
Back in the room Kara had finished packing and was ready to go. She was wearing a pair of shorts over her bikini bottoms and an unbuttoned shirt over the sexy tank top. We had three hours of driving and five hours of beach or play time before we were due home. I also put my swim trunks on under a pair of shorts and we headed north.
About ninety minutes later we arrived at one of the beaches I had wanted to check out. It was listed as a "topless friendly" beach on the web and one that evidently attracted a mixed crowd. The weather was delightful. Light waves, warm fall temperature and still warm water. The beach was quite quiet and we walked toward the more distant remote point to do some sunning and swimming. The only hint that this beach might be different was a sign that said swimsuits required on weekends and while school was out of session. Kara didn't notice or feel compelled to say anything as we walked past.
As we neared the far end of the beach I noticed and older woman sunning, back up but with no strap. A little farther on there were two twenty something women sunning topless and Kara immediately noticed. She glanced around and noticed two other women who were also topless, both with men.
Kara turned to me and said, "Now I know why you wanted to find this particular beach."
I responded, "I thought you might not want to get your tank top wet and since you don't have a bikini top I figure that this would be a good beach to visit."
Kara pretty much ignored me as she positioned her beach towel, slipped off her shorts and removed her shirt then began sunning in her bikini bottoms and tank top. Needless to say, I soon began prompting Kara to remove her tank top. She ignored me and told me to enjoy the handful of other topless women on the beach. A couple of guys walked past, no doubt hoping to check out the newcomer.
I began verbally comparing Kara's breasts to the completion on the beach. One young woman had an equally nice rack but Kara clearly bested the others who were topless. I encouraged her to go swimming with me if she wasn't going to sun topless. She protested that her top was too thin and would be too revealing. I rolled over and started kissing Kara. I rubbed her body and gave her several passionate French kisses. She broke the embrace and asked what I was doing. I told her that since she would not remove her top I was at least trying to get her nipples aroused and seemed to be having good luck with the task.
She playfully pushed me off her commenting on my relentless juvenile efforts to embarrass her.
I commented, "Your nipples are almost as engorged as last night in the hot tub."
That did it. Her nipples were now clearly visible pressing against her top and Kara blushed as she could not control the reaction. I grabbed her and picked her up as she feigned protest while I carried her to the water.
Kara was dumped in the warm gulf water with an attention getting splash. Her fears of her top turning sheer in the water were well founded as she emerged from her dunking with her aroused breasts clearly visible in the tight thin top. A couple swimming nearby, a young couple we later found out were on their honeymoon, took notice as did a few folks on shore who did little to disguise their interesting in checking out Kara.
Kara quickly gave up any attempts to shield herself and proceeded to enjoy the water without bringing any additional attention to herself. The nearby couple introduced themselves and we were soon comfortably visiting with a twenty something couple, her topless with what looked to be full a38D's on a shapely, if somewhat full figured body and he a fit, clean-cut guy we later found out was a soldier on leave.
After about fifteen minutes of visiting the talk turned to a discussion of topless and nude beaches. As it turns out they were something of connoisseurs of Florida nude beaches and were quickly giving us the low down of various beaches. Little did I know there are senior nudist beaches, gay nude beaches, hard body nude beaches and a few of what they called naughty beaches where hookups and hanky-panky were common. I mentioned we were headed back toward Sarasota and they quickly suggested a beach where they thought we would get to watch a lot more action.
The woman turned to Kara and said, "When you see all the bodies at that beach you won't feel so self-conscious and might even take off your top and let everybody enjoy checking you out."
The other couple then headed out and Kara and I snuggled in the chest deep water as I slipped my hands in her bikini bottom and we kissed. Kara was quickly aroused and her hard nipples were pressing against my chest as we kissed. Kara whimpered as I fingered her and my erection pressed against her. She was soon oblivious to the distant observers as our passionate kissing picked up where we were at in bed that morning.
I pulled her shoulder strap. At first she tensed up and resisted but relented as our kiss continued and my other hand in her bikini bottom continued to caress her ass. The single shoulder strap moved down her arm with first one then the other breast uncovered. She pressed her body against me keeping anyone else from the pleasure of viewing her breasts but I wasn't complaining as I took pleasure in her arousal.
As we hugged I whispered in Kara's ear it was time to go and check out another beach. I stepped back and smiled at Kara. I arranged my erection to flatten my tented swim trunks while Kara restored her top in place as we walked toward shore.
The thin top did little to cover her breasts and Kara seemed less concerned as the few dozen folks on the beach watched us emerge from the water. We sat on shore and partially dried off before heading to the car and then driving north. Kara played with the navigation while I drove. We were soon able to pinpoint our next destination. Kara's criticism of my interest in going to another beach that evidently allowed nudity had disappeared as she seemed to share a curiosity about this so called naughty beach and I think she had enjoyed being watched and watching though she would never admit it.
As it turns out that beach was less than an hour from our home. There were a number of cars in the parking lot and the signed trail pointed the way to the beach. We were traveling light with beach towels, sunglasses, flip flops, and a small bag. I had stopped at a convenience store and purchased a four pack of cold hard lemonade. We were each enjoying the refreshing beverage as we walked along the trail for almost 1/4 mile before it opened onto a beach area.
There were about 30 or 40 people, mostly couples and a few single men. Only a few women other than Kara had tops on. As I scanned the beach about half of the men and about a third of the women were bottomless too. I couldn't tell about the dozen or so folks in the water. We picked a spot near the edge of the beach area, laid out our towels and settled in to observe the goings on. A number of men discretely kept looking our way waiting to check Kara out if she removed her top or bottom. After a while they turned their attention to others as Kara sunned in her tank top and bikini bottom. I handed her a second hard lemonade and we visited about the various bodies. Kara rather enjoyed checking out the guys' packages from behind her over-sized sunglasses, intrigued by those men who were partially erect yet nonchalantly walking on the beach or in the shallow water. The two men who had shaved hairless packages particularly intrigued her as did the various pussy hair trimming styles.
After a 15 minute discussion of the virtues of the various size and shaped of boobs I teased Kara that is was time that she removed her top. Having finished a second hard lemonade she giggled at my suggestion. Next I threatened to pour the remaining cold lemonade on her breasts unless she took off her top. She looked around then she pulled off her top baring her shapely 34C's for me and the rest of the beach crowd to enjoy. Her rack was among the nicest on the beach and the very predictable increased attention by others on the beach confirmed her appeal.
I told Kara it seemed that about half the people on the beach were true nudists who simply enjoyed the sun and freedom of nudity and the others seemed be a mix of voyeurs and exhibitionists. I pleaded guilty to being a voyeur then accused her of having a touch of voyeurism and exhibitionism that revealed themselves after a couple of drinks. Kara argued back that I was actually the exhibitionist but that it was her body that I was always trying to exhibit. I conceded her point but countered that she seemed to enjoy the attention in the hot tub last night just fine. She smiled that shy guilty smile and acknowledged that it was fun watching the surprised looks on Toni's and Jake's faces when her top came off and she didn't cover up.
I suggested we head to the water and give more folks a chance to feast their eyes on her breasts as we went for a swim. The sexual focus of our discussion left Kara with roused nipples which drew more attention to her untanned nude breasts contrasting with her otherwise tanned body.
I walked behind Kara admiring her cute ass in the tight bikini bottom as we headed toward the water. We headed out to chest deep water and embraced. We proceeded to make out like horny high schoolers and quickly had each others swimsuit pushed down to our ankles. We were quit a distance from anyone else in the water and covered to the chest but our actions left no doubt what was going on.
I whispered in Kara's ear that I bet Toni and Jake wish they had been able to get her bikini bottom and their trunks off like we had now. She trembled as I talked about how hot she was and how exciting it was having her exposed. As she purred and pressed against me I turned her around so her back was toward me. I pressed my cock against her ass and reached around her and rubbed her pussy. My hard cock found a warm soft home tightly pressed in the crack of her ass.
Kara began to thrust her ass against me as my fingers found her aroused clit. For several minutes we masturbated each other slowly and somewhat discretely. I was careful not to bring either of us to a climax. I was having too much fun.
I walked Kara toward shore until her breasts were above water level and facing toward shore then again pressed her ass against me and returned to fingering her. I whispered in her ear that the men on the shore were enjoying watching her breasts heaving as she breathed deeply and rocked slowly as I thrust my cock between her ass cheeks. The people on the beach were still 30 or 40 yards away but could still be seen and no doubt see us quite well. I reiterated that Toni and Jake would have enjoyed watching her facial expressions as she was being fingered or would have probably enjoyed doing the fingering or more. Kara was close to cuming as I continued my verbal and tactile assault.
"Maybe we can find their names and arrange another hot tub adventure." I offered.
Kara blurted out, "I ran into Toni at breakfast and he suggested we get together again but I ignored his overture."
"Yes, but he is smitten with you." I noted. "He came up to, me in the parking lot and asked about getting together again. I have his card."
Kara gasped.
"He drove off in an Escalade. I think he wants to see the rest of you and do more than get a butt job in his swimsuit." I continued.
I moved one hand up and fondled Kara's breast in open view of those on the beach still watching. "Maybe a hot body like yours was meant to be shared" I whispered.
Kara trembled and gasped as she collapsed against me in orgasm. She stayed in my grip for several minutes regaining her strength. "This is crazy." she panted.
She finally regained her strength and turned to face me and grabbed my still hard cock.
"Time to take care of this guy before he gets us he more trouble." She said as she began jacking my cock with both hands.
"Well you're going to get one of your wishes. My bikini bottom slipped off my ankle when you walked me to shallower water and was washed away so I'll be walking to our towels totally nude. See those three young guys who are on the beach now? They have been watching you masturbating me. They are waiting for me to walk to shore. Maybe I should go spend some time with them." She said.
I grunted as my cock erupted.
Kara left me standing there fumbling to get my trunks on as she slowly walked to our towels. A caught up with her as we got to our towels. She slipped on her shorts and blouse and she turned and said, "This was fun, but time to get back home and back to normal."
Then she kissed me as we walked toward the car anxious to get home and see the kids.