Many years ago, I went to a nude bar on the east coast, Kingsport, I think was the name of the town. That was the last one I ever saw, until last Sunday night. I was down in Laredo and had a little time to kill. Not knowing the town, I stopped in a restaurant that had a bar. I struck up a conversation with the bartender about how dead the place was.
He told me that it always was on Sunday night, so I asked him where he would go, if he wasn't working. He told me about the two titty bars in town. One was topless and the other was fully nude. I told him that I was a little old for those places and asked for something more normal. He gave me the names of two other places.
To make a long story short, I checked out the first regular place and it was all college kids and loud as hell. The second place was about the same. So, I drove out to the topless bar and went in for a beer.
The girls were beautiful and wore these tiny g-stings but the place was too big and the girls were too stuck up for an old cowboy like me or maybe they just didn't like old cowboys. The all mighty dollar sign seemed to rule the place and I didn't have the look of money.
I started to go on back to work but turned around and went looking for the nude bar. When I finally found it, the sign out front said, "BYOB. Bring Your Own Booze." Damn, now I had to find a place to buy a six-pack.
I ended up at a little convenience store down the road and bought a twelve pack, as that is all they had. What the hell, I probably wouldn't drink half of it but I might find someone to share with and a little extra goes a long ways.
Back at the bar, I paid the cover charge and handed the guy at the desk my beer. He passed it through a window and charged me a couple of bucks to have it iced down in a bucket. Once, I was through the main door, a cute young lady handed me a plastic number on a stand and told me that she would bring my beer to the table.
I went through a second door and stopped to look the place over. It was a long, fairly narrow room with raised seating on both ends marked VIP. I wondered about that. There were about a dozen guys and about an equal number of scantily dressed young ladies scattered throughout the room. There was a large stage with the obligatory brass pole against the back wall and an area with some empty tables on the other side of it.
There was a chunky, little dark haired girl dancing on stage as I crossed the room. She had on the usual g-string that you see in any titty bar. I chose the middle table of the three along the side of the stage and sat down.
The music ended and the MC or DJ, whatever you want to call him, started talking about song number three and the girl on stage disappeared through an open doorway in the back of the stage. The next song started and she reappeared nude.
She danced around the pole for a time and then went to dance for a guy standing at the end of the stage. I couldn't see much of what he could, but she had it right in his face.
Then the girl showed up with my beer. She spread a towel on the table and sat the beer in front of me. Not knowing what to do, I tipped her a couple of bucks. It must have been right, because she gave me a kiss on the cheek and left.
When I looked back at the stage, the dark haired girl was down flat on her back with her legs under her. Her hips were raised, humping her sex in a girls face. The girl was a customer and looked a little shocked but stayed right where she was, staring at the pussy displayed so wantonly in front of her.
I couldn't help but chuckle as she licked her lips, tossed some money on the stage, and hurried back to sit with her boyfriend or husband. She was whispering excitedly in his ear, as soon as her butt hit the seat. When I returned my attention to the stage, the dark haired girl was gone.
I opened a beer and looked around. I'd already had four beers, so I needed to take it slow and easy. As I looked the place and the people over, I noticed another sign on a couple of small rooms, with one-way glass. The sign said, "High Rollers Only." That had me wondering, also.
I went back to looking the people over, well, the women anyway. There were three or four couples mixed in with the single guys or groups of guys and even two women by themselves.
The DJ called the next dancer, after a minute or so the music started, and another dark haired girl came out of the door in the back of the stage. The first dancer coming down a set of steps to my left, still naked as a jaybird, attracted my attention.
She saw me looking and grinned at me as she shook her large natural boobs in my direction. I grinned back at her as she walked on behind me. I turned my head and watched her walk on toward the ladies room in the back corner of the place.
For some reason, I found that watching her walk naked through a room full of people was more erotic than watching her dance on stage. Anyway, she had a nice swing to that well-rounded ass of hers.
I turned my attention back to the stage and watched the next girl dance. She was not a bad looking young lady, wearing a very short mini dress, and these ridicules clear plastic high-heeled lift shoes. They must have been five or six inches tall. She was very awkward on them and nearly fell once. After that, she held onto the pole a lot.
The guy, who had told me about these places, had said the girls at the topless place were prettier. He was right, if you like the tall cookie cutter girls with the silly putty, I mean, silicone tits and reworked asses. These girls were a hell of a lot more real for my money and it was my money, after all.
No one seemed to tip during the first song and only a few during the second. Most waited until the third song and the girls were nude. The song ended and the girl turned to head through the door, taking off the mini dress as she went. Nice ass, flashed across my mind just before she disappeared.
When she reappeared with just a g-string on, I grinned and stood up. This I had to check out from closer up. Not only did she have a very nice ass but also small well-rounded titties, with what I call ski jump nipples. You know the kind that are curved and point slightly upward.
She smiled at me as she saw me approaching the side of the stage and moved over to dance right in front of me. When she squatted down, still swaying her hips, those nipples were right in my face and even brushed across my cheeks.
I found myself licking my lips and grinned. She grinned back at me and brushed them a little harder across my face. I nearly took a lick, but decided I'd better cool it, until I knew the rules a little better. I did lick my lips again.
She stood up, turned around, and bent over, shaking that beautiful ass very close to my face. Damn, I wanted to lick that even more than I wanted to suck on those nipples. I found myself chewing on my bottom lip to keep from do it. She grinned at me from over her shoulder and then pulled out the elastic band just above her left ass cheek.
I stuck a couple of dollar bills under the strap and let my fingers accidentally brush the satiny skin as I pulled my hand back. She winked at me and moved across the stage to dance for someone else.
As I sat down at the table, I became aware of the hard-on that ran down the inside of my left pants leg. I shifted my position in the low chair, trying to get it in a more comfortable position, without being to obvious.
Damn, I had forgotten how uncomfortable tight levies were with a hard-on. I must be getting old but you couldn't have told it from the bulge in my levies.
When that song ended, the girl went back stage and returned nude. I mean, nude, nude. There wasn't even a hair on her sex. I felt my manhood twitch and I got up with a soft groan as I walked the few steps to the side of the stage.
Someone else had beaten me and she was dancing on the other side. She was squatting down and leaned back on her hands, lifting and rotating her bare sex in front of this guys face. He had a smile on, as he stared openly. After a moment, she held out her hand and he gave her some money.
She stood up, looked around, and saw me. With a grin, she danced over in my direction. She didn't stop until her mound was less than an inch from my nose. Then she made tiny circles with her hips. Once, the smooth skin actually grazed across the tip of my nose. My tongue shot out automatically but not quick enough.
I heard her giggle as she moved back and turned around. She went down to her knees and then bent forward until her tits were nearly on the floor. Then she scooted back toward me working her back, making her ass rock up and down. My eyes were glued to her low-slung sex and the brown circle of her asshole. Oh God, what a meal I could make of those, among other things.
She watched me over her shoulder and then reached down between her legs and rubbed her sex for a second before holding her hand out for her tip. As I put it in her hand, my hand was only an inch or so from her sex. I swear I could feel her heat. My hand shook slightly as I moved it away from her.
Again, she winked at me, before she got up. I licked my lips and winked back. She grinned and moved on to dance for the girls that had been sitting together. Now my hard-on was in full bloom and almost painful, trapped in the pants leg like it was.
I sat down at the table, turned toward it, and adjusted my manhood to a more comfortable position. I hoped the tablecloth covered up what I was doing. It was toward the main room but when I turned back to the stage, the dark haired girl was looking at me with a big grin on her face. She winked before she squatted down and then lay down on her back, with her hips raised.
From my angle, it almost looked like she was hunching both of the women's faces, that's how close they were together and to her. She was still at it as the song ended. She sat up, collected her money, and whispered with the women for a second or two. Then she stood up, glanced my way, and headed back stage.
I was watching the top of the stairs, when she came through the curtain. She saw me looking and smiled. I figured that she would walk on to the dressing room like the last girl did, but she didn't.
She came over, sat down in the chair next to me, and started to get dressed as I watched. She turned the chair towards me and slipped the g-string on over her shoes. She was sitting well down in the chair and when she lifted each leg, she rolled the knee outward, giving me an excellent view of her sex.
To say that she was wet was an understatement. Her clit was standing up hard and proud at the top her slit. It wasn't large but it was a beautiful rosy pink, a shade or two darker than the thin inner lips spread out to either side of her slit.
Dancing nude and displaying her body seemed to turn her on immensely. Then she stood up, to pull the g-string up. Next, she picked up the dress, slipped it over her head, and worked it down to her waist. Leaving it there, she sat back down and rolled her chair over close to me.
I gave her a low soft wolf whistle and she grinned. Leaning over close to my ear, she ran her tongue around its edge for a second and then whispered, "I hope you got that little problem of yours solved, I hate to see a man in pain."
I grinned and nodded as I turned to her and whispered, "Yes, I did but what are you going to do about that flood you have going on?"
She laughed and shrugged. "Occupational hazard," she whispered back. "And you weren't helping it a bit."
"Hey, I was a good little boy," I whispered in her ear, before I licked the outline of it as she had mine.
She gave a little shiver and whispered, "Yes, you were a little too good and you are definitely not a boy, or little for that matter, from what I could see." Her hand wandered up and down my left thigh as she said the last part.
As it passed over my hard manhood, it paused and gave me a light squeeze. "Damn, not little at all and hard as a rock."
"That's all your fault," I whispered back.
She grinned and kissed me on the cheek as she gave me another light squeeze. "My pleasure I assure you. I'm so wet right now that I don't dare put my dress under me. I'd leave a wet spot if I did."
"I'd volunteer to clean up the problem but you have to work and probably have a husband or a boyfriend or two waiting for you after work," I said with a wolfish grin.
"Oh, I bet you would and could but like you say, I have to work for another couple of hours," she replied and then added with a wicked grin of her own, "I don't have a husband anymore and at the moment, no boyfriends. I do have a girlfriend and her husband for roommates."
"Hmmmm, I don't like the sound of that," I replied. "I wonder if there's a nice motel somewhere close by?"
She laughed and gave me a harder squeeze. "I think I know of one."
She looked at me for a few seconds and then whispered, "Maybe I can get out of here a little early, its awfully slow tonight."
To no one in particular I said, "I think I'm in trouble."
She laughed and nodded. "Good guess. Now let me run to the ladies room and dry off. Don't you go anywhere, I'll be right back."
"Oh, I'm not going anywhere. First of all, you have a death grip on something I can't leave here without and anyway, I'd embarrass myself if I tried to walk out." I told her with a grin and then added, "Last but not least, is the fact that I'm not crazy and I'd have to be to leave here without you."
With a sigh, she released me and then kissed me on the cheek. "I'll be right back and don't you dare even talk to any of the other women in here. They are all whores and bitches."
"Does that include the lesbian couple at the corner table?" I asked jokingly.
I think she blushed slightly and whispered, "Yes, even them. I think you're as big a lesbian as they are together and I'm not talking size either." She gave a sharp giggle and stood up. "I shall return," she said in a husky voice and then winked at me.
*****
I watched the next dancer, a small, cute blonde. I considered going up to tip her and have a closer look but decided against it. My hard-on was still there and I didn't want to endanger what I already had lined up.
The girl came back wearing a short silk blouse that seemed to mold itself to her breasts and a very short green skirt. The fake glass shoes were gone and now she wore a pair of sandals. She rolled the chair around to the table next to me and sat down.
"Is the flood under control?" I asked softly.
She grinned and nodded, "For the moment."
"Would you like a beer? I brought way more than I'll ever drink."
"Thank you, I can't open it though and I can't drink it out of the bottle. I'll have to go get a cup. I'll be right back," she said and then glanced up at the blonde dancing. "Why don't you go tip her, I don't mind, I might even join you tipping a lady or two, if you don't mind."
"I don't mind in the least but right now I still have this problem." I replied with a chuckle, moving my ass around in the chair.
She glanced down at my lap and grinned. "I seem to have done a good job on you."
"That's a fact," I said with a laugh.
She laughed and leaned over to whisper, "I'll have to do something about that after while." Then she stood up and went for a cup.
*****
When she came back, I opened and poured her a beer. She took a sip and then another as she looked at me over the rim of the cup.
When she sat the cup down, she said, "I'm trying to figure out what I find so damned attractive about you. You're not bad looking, in a rough sort of way. You look old enough to be my father but you're still in pretty good shape. You're dressed in faded levies and a Levi shirt, so you don't look like money. That old cowboy hat is all beat up but it fits you as a person, perfectly."
She paused a moment and shook her head. "You just seem to look right into me and not just at me. It turns me on like crazy. You look so out of place here, also. Kind of lost. That's all I can say about it."
Not knowing what to say and slightly embarrassed, I just shrugged and then said, "I don't know, I'm just me and what you see is all there is."
She smiled and shook her head again. "No, there far more to you than meets the eye, I definitely know that for sure."
To change the subject I said, "I don't even know your name? Mines, Randy."
"Rita," she said softly.
"Glad to meet you Rita," I said with a grin.
"Same here." She replied with a like grin.
After a moment of us looking like two fools, grinning at each other. I asked, "What's with the VIP and High Rolls signs?"
She shrugged and said, "The usual. The VIP section costs a little extra but you get better service. This area down here is called the pit and you get very little, if any service. You can also drink mixed drinks in the VIP area and only beer down here."
She paused a moment and looked at me. "You don't come to places like this very often do you?"
"The last nude bar I was in was almost twenty years ago and half a continent away. I hit a titty bar every once in a blue moon, but not very often. Probably not more than a couple of dozen times, in my whole life." I told her.
She nodded and said, "I can believe that. I wouldn't believe a lot of guys but for some reason I do believe you." She paused a second and took a sip of beer.
"The High Rollers Room is for special services and dances. It can get rather expensive. You can get a lap or table dance out here but the girl has to keep her bottoms on. In there, she can take them off and the rules are far more relaxed on touching and what not. I usually stay out of there except for dances and then it has to be someone I like or know."
I nodded and said, "That's kind of what I figured. Money talks and bullshit walks as usual."
She laughed and nodded, "Exactly."
"Are there set prices on the things that go on in there and just how much of it, does the house take?" I asked, being nosy.
She laughed and asked, "Why, are you interested or just making conversation?"
"Both, " I said with a grin.
She grinned and said, "Yes, the prices are set by the house and they get half in most cases."
"Yeah, kind of what I figured, also," I said softly.
"A table dance out here is fifteen and I get ten. A nude dance in there is thirty and I get fifteen. No one likes the split except the house," she said with a frown.
"That's about par for the course," I said and then grinned. "I think I might be able to afford a dance or two in there, if you want to dance nude, just for me."
She chuckled and shook her head. "You just want to get me all wet again, and in there, I would probably come all over you. I get even messier when I do that. I've even been known to gush, if you know what I mean."
Still grinning, I said, "Oh, I think I can chance it but just in case, do they sell flood insurance around here."
She hit me on the leg and laughed. "Just for that, I'm going to sit on your face when I do gush."
"Yummy," I said and licked my lips.
She laughed and hit me again. "Just about the answer I expected from you." She looked at me for a second and asked, "Are you serous? About the nude dance, I mean, I know you're serious about the other."
"Oh yeah." I replied with a grin. "I'd love to see you gush, on or off my face."
She glanced up at my hat and grinned as she whispered, "I think you will see just that, among other things. I'll show you where to hang your hat when we go in there. It'll give us more privacy."
Then she stood up and held out her hand. "Follow close behind me and I'll try and hide that problem that's still in your levies. Damn, doesn't that thing ever go down?"
"Not around you, for some reason." I replied with a big smile.
*****
I paid the guy at the door for two dances and then we went inside the darkened room. The deeply tinted windows gave enough light to see well enough by, but just barely. She pointed to a nail on the wall and I hung my hat up on it.
She grinned and said, "Sit on the chair there and let me get undressed. I'll start my dancing on the next song; this one is nearly over. I want you to get everything that's coming to you."
Actually, she sat me on the floor in front of the chair and then stepped back to undress. When she was naked, she moved over to straddle my body and then pushed my head back onto the chair seat. Moving forward a little at a time, she grinned and worked her hips to the music. It wasn't very long until her sex was pressed tightly to my mouth and my tongue was working overtime in its hot, wet, tasty depths.
It didn't take her but a moment or two to come and she did gush right in my mouth when she did. I swallowed a couple of time and went back to working my tongue up inside her. How she kept quiet, I don't know. Her hips and stomach were jerking and jumping around so much that I had to hold onto her to keep in contact.
When that song ended, she suddenly stepped back and pulled at me. I moved up to sit on the chair and she turned around to fool with her cloths. About then the door opened and the guy from outside said, "Sir, you need to move your hat, it's blocking the security camera."
"Oh sure, sorry," I said as I stood up and grabbed my hat.
I grinned at Rita as I sat back down and wiped my mouth on my sleeve. She laughed and grinned back at me. When a song started, she moved closer to me and danced slowly and sensuously.
She moved closer yet and straddled my right leg, her right thigh rubbing against my crotch. She leaned in and let me suck on a nipple as she took my hands from my sides and placed them on her hips.
"You can touch anywhere except my sex. Only I can touch that." She moaned softly as my tongue flicked back and forth over her hard nipple.
"Oh, yes," she whispered softly, "You do that very well, not too hard and not too soft. You have a great tongue."
She moved back, taking the nipple away from me, danced a few steps back, and then turned. Bending over, she said, "Now, you can kiss and lick my ass like you wanted to earlier. Just don't lick my pussy, that's a no, no."
She grinned at me from between her legs, winked, and wiggled her ass from side to side. "Come and get it big boy," she added teasingly.
I licked and kissed both cheeks and then as the song ended, I took a lick right up the center of the deep cleft. She took a hissing breath as the tip of my tongue bumped over the pucker of her asshole and then she stepped forward and turned around.
"You do that so well," she whispered and then grinned.
"You have one beautiful ass, what can I say?" I replied with a grin of my own.
When the next song started, she moved forward and pushed my knees apart to kneel between them. "I can't touch your bare skin but I can touch your pants." She explained. "I just don't want to cause an accident, so let me know if I get to intense, shall we say."
She ran her hands over the outline of my hard manhood as I caressed her shoulders and upper back. After a few moments, she leaned forward and nibbled on the cloth. I could feel her hot breath and the scrapping of her teeth.
I groaned softly, slipped my hands under her to cup, and caress her breasts. Her nipples were like little rocks against my palms. She moaned softly and nibbled even harder, one of her hands disappearing from sight and I assumed it was on her sex. A loud hot groaning moan at my manhood, announced her orgasm. Along with the flexing of her beautiful ass.
As her orgasm subsided, she sat back and then chuckled as she showed me her hand. It was all wet and shiny. "May I?" I asked as I reached for her hand.
She let me take it and then gasped softly as I sucked on first one finger and then another. When I licked her palm, savoring the flavor of her there, she pulled the hand away and whispered hoarsely, "If you're not careful, I'm going to come again."
She blew out a noisy breath and stood up. She looked down at her sex and inner thighs then grinned at me. "Well, you sure outdid yourself this time. I won't need a rag, I'm going to need a mop."
"My pleasure Ma'am, my pure pleasure," I said with a fake, exaggerated country accent.
She laughed and leaned in to kiss me on the lips. Then she hugged me and whispered in my ear, "You need to wash your face, you taste just like me."
I laughed and hugged her back. "Yeah, I know," I said. "Now, grab your clothes and let's get out of here. You need a mop and I need a beer chaser." She laughed and led me out to the main room.
At the table, she kissed me on the cheek and whispered, "Thank you, I needed that and I've never come so hard in my life. I owe you big time and I'm going to pay you back in spades. Now, you sit here and relax, I'll be right back. That is if my legs will carry me all the way there and back." She winked and kissed me again.
*****
Rita came back dressed in baggy jeans and a sloppy t-shirt, carrying an overnight bag. She grinned at me and leaned over to kiss my cheek and asked, "How are you doing, cowboy?"
"Not too bad, except for this persistent problem that won't go away," I said softly with a chuckle.
She laughed and sat down next to me. Leaning close and running her hand over my semi hard manhood, she asked in a whisper, "Then how are you going to leave? I'm ready to go. We can't leave together though. I'll have to meet you at the little store on the corner."
"What about all this beer? We only drank three out of a twelve pack. I hadn't planned on meeting anyone special." I asked.
"Well, you did," she whispered with a laugh. "I'll take care of it. I'll have my friend, bag it up, and slip it to me out the back door."
I chuckled and said, "That takes care of the little problem. Now, about the bigger one?"
She grinned and whispered, "Just follow me to the beer counter by the door and then take the exit. It's dark over there and maybe no one will notice."
"That just leaves the well lit lobby and parking lot," I whispered and then grinned as I added, "What the hell, if anyone sees me, then they will just have to. I guess it could come under the heading of advertising for this place."
She laughed and stood up. "Come on, follow me, but not to close. I want to do a little advertising of my own. A couple of the other girls are asking questions about you as it is. They have sharp eyes for shiny things and or large bulges in levies."
I laughed, stood up, and followed her. She had been rubbing and squeezing me the whole time we were talking. My hard-on was back with a vengeance. What the hell, I was only human after all and a hard-on is a man's best friend. Fuck, what they say about the dog.
*****
After I met her at the store, she drove across the street and parked in a small strip mall. We transferred her bag and the beer to my truck and headed back toward town. A few miles down the road, she directed me to a small motel. I got us a room and a few minutes later, we were inside.
We had brought nothing in but her bag and as soon as the door closed, she was in my arms, kissing me. I kissed her back and let my hands wander over her back and ass. She moaned softly as I gave her ass a gentle squeeze.
Breaking the kiss, she said, "We need to get out of these clothes and I mean, right now."
I grinned as I grabbed the hem of her t-shirt and pulled it up and off over her head. She laughed as she lifted her arms to let me. As soon as her shirt was out of the way, she reached out, ripped the snaps open on my shirt, and peeled it off me. I kicked out of my moccasins and scooped her up in my arms, carrying her over to the bed.
I dropped her there, pulled off her sandals, and reached up to unsnap her jeans. She laughed again as she helped me pull them down off her hips and then I grabbed them by the cuffs and pulled them all the way off. She now lay there on the bed totally nude.
"Just beautiful," I whispered as I unsnapped my jeans and pulled them off.
Her eyes dropped to my semi hard manhood and she grinned as she whispered, "Oh God, yes, that's a good word for it."
I climbed on the bed and lay down on top of her as her legs spread wide to either side of me. My manhood rested along the center of her slit and slowly slipped between the folds as I moved my hips back and forth slowly. She was rocking her hips up and back in perfect time with me. My dick was growing harder by the second.
By the time, I was fully aroused, she was moaning softly and then she shivered and whispered, "Fuck me, please fuck me. I'm about to come and I want to feel you inside me when I do."
I lifted my hips and moved down, feeling the head of my shaft, slipping along her slit to come to rest against her opening. I pressed gently forward against her tightness and then felt myself slowly sliding inside her hot, velvety sex.
She gave a loud yell and rammed her hips up, jamming me even deeper. This brought an even louder yell and she was bucking and hunching me so strongly that I nearly came out of her.
With another yell, her legs wrapped around my ass, pulling me even deeper. I could feel her inner muscles grabbing and releasing me, along with a series of hot floods as her orgasm rolled on. It felt like she was going to crush me at any second but there was nothing I could do about it. Her legs were locked around me in a death grip.
By the time her inner muscles were down to just a trembling rippling sensation around my dick, she eased up with her legs and sighed deeply. I realized then, that I was all tensed up, and let myself relax. When I did, I moved slightly inside her and she clamped down again like a vice around my shaft.
"Oh God, don't move, please don't move," she pleaded in a hoarse whisper.
I groaned softly and whispered, "Please don't crush me. God woman, are you always like this."
She shook her head slowly and whispered in a halting voice, "Not really, but this is the first time I've had intercourse with a man, since my husband died."
"I'm sorry," I whispered back and then asked, "How long ago was that?"
"About a year and a half," was her answer. "I've lived with my girlfriend and her husband since then. The club has been my only sexual outlet other than a few of the girls I know." She ended with a giggle.
"No wonder you're about to crush me and kept going boom, boom, boom," I said with a chuckle, which brought a responding crunch around my dick and another groan to my lips.
We lay there quietly for a long time and then she sighed deeply. "I think I'm starting to relax. You don't feel so much like a baseball bat anymore."
I think she started to chuckle but clamped down on it before she did. "I think I've bit off more than I can handle. You're half again as big as my husband was at his best."
"Just relax and don't worry, we have all the time in the world. Or at least I do, I'm through with my job here for the time being and have a couple of weeks off." I told her.
Her eyes flew open and she looked at me funny. "It's not going to take that long for us to get apart is it?" She asked.
I wasn't sure if she was serious or pulling my leg. "No, but...." I let the sentence die.
She grinned at me and then whispered, "I was joking with you. Give me a few more minutes to rest and relax and then I want you to fuck me with slow steady strokes. I promise I'll try not to mash you flat."
"Yeah, like you will really be able to keep that promise once you start to come again, and again, and again," I said with a chuckle.
She tensed up and gripped me as I did, but not nearly as bad as earlier. She whimpered softly and then whispered, "I'm not planning on letting you out of this room until we are both so tired and sore that we can't move. After a nice nap, I'm going to fuck you some more, when we wake up. If that beautiful hard-on goes away, I'll suck on it until it comes back. I might even let you fuck me in the ass."
She paused for a second and then grinned. "In fact that's exactly what I want you to end up doing, coming deep in my ass. I haven't had that happen since my wedding night. I hope you brought your Viagra."
"What Viagra?" I asked. "I don't use that stuff. I've never needed it. Although in your case, I might have to consider it, to keep up."
She looked at me for a second and whispered, "Oh shit."
When she did, I grinned back at her and took a long slow stroke almost all the way out and then back in. The head of my dick hit bottom before my hips met hers. She yelled and came just that quick. I held still and held on. It was one hell of a ride. Not nearly as bad as the first but great all the same.
*****
I thought she had fallen asleep, when suddenly she took a deep fluttery breath and whispered, "One stoke, one orgasm." She took another breath and went on, "I can see that this is going to take a while longer than I thought."
"Damn the bad luck," I whispered back with a grin.
Her eyes flew open and then she grinned as she saw mine. "You are such a tease," she whispered and rolled her hips slightly. She made a little whimpering sound but didn't go boom.
"How about if I make a little suggestion."
"And what would that be?" She asked.
"Why don't we roll over and let you on top. Then you can move as you want until you get used to things, shall we say."
"I love that idea, being on top was one of my all time favorites," she whispered. "But let's not try it together, I'd go boom big time if we did. I'm probably going to do it anyway when you pull out."
She didn't but it was touch and go for a second.
I rolled over and lay down beside her. "How long were you married?" I asked, making conversation.
"Eight and a half years. I was just sixteen when we got married." She looked over at me and smiled. "I'm twenty six now. How old are you?"
"Add thirty one years to that," I said softly.
"Fifty seven? Damn, you are an old fart, aren't you?" she said with a laugh.
"Young enough to fuck your brains out and make you like it," was my answer with a big grin.
She chuckled and sat up with a groan. "Uh, yeah, you may be right about that, but then again it ain't taking much to set me off."
I grinned and motioned to her as I said, "Well, climb your young little ass up here and ride the old pony. Let's see how long you can stay on without falling off or going boom."
She grinned back at me and whispered, "That sounds like a challenge to me."
Then she got a funny look on her face and leaned over to look closely at my manhood. "You're pierced!" She exclaimed.
"Well yes, I have been since I was around four or five." I told her.
"I've never seen a man pierced before. Nipples yes, but not a dick. Not that I've seen all that many, to really talk about."
She looked up at me and grinned. "I would have never guessed that someone like you would be pierced." She reached out her hand and flipped the three quarter inch long barbell up one way and then the other. "Hey, that's neat, I like it."
She got up to her knees and straddled my hips. Slowly she lowered her ass until her slit was once again pressed along my shaft. She rocked her hips slowly, moving her sex up and down along my shaft.
"Hmmm, now that I know it's there, I can feel it rubbing." She shifted her hips and resumed rubbing. Another shift and she gasped loudly, her hips jerking and then freezing.
"Oh yeah, it just did a double bump over my clit and I nearly came," she whispered breathily. She shifted again and rode me slowly, her eyes closed and a soft smile on her face.
She leaned forward and placed her hands on my chest, a shiver ran along her body as her hips moved a little faster. After a moment, she opened her eyes and sighed. "A girl could have all the fun she wanted just rubbing up and down on this thing, but I want to feel you back inside me," she whispered softly as she lifted her hips and used her hand to raise my shaft up.
She rubbed it around her opening and grinned. "One thing for sure, I won't need any oil with you around. My dancing and stuff at the club, keeps me moist and horny but ever since I first saw you, I've been wetter than I can ever remember being."
She centered the flared head of my dick in her opening and applied her weight to it. I slipped inside her slowly until it was about halfway in. She shivered and whimpered the whole time.
She sat very still for a second or two and then started to move her hips back and forth slowly. Her sex was only moving back and forth along my shaft an inch or so, but she was slowly settling farther down on me.
When the head of my shaft touched her cervices, she froze again and moaned loudly, a shaking starting in her hips and moving along her body. She lifted her hips until I was just inside her and held still until her body calmed down.
My hands had rested on her hips this whole time. Now I caressed her sides and back. "I love to watch your face when you move on me," I whispered softly.
She grinned but didn't open her eyes.
"Books could be written about the play of emotions that flash across it," I added.
My hands moved up to cup and then gently squeeze her small breasts. She whimpered softly and slowly lowered her hips until I touched bottom again. Instead of stopping, she reversed directions and came back up.
At the top, she paused and then whimpered loudly as she lowered her hips again. I rolled her hard nipples between my thumb and forefingers, which made the whimpering even louder.
When she touched bottom this time, she groaned loudly and leaned forward to lie down on top of me. I hugged her tightly to me and heard her sigh deeply. After a time, she whispered, "You feel so good inside me and I can feel that barbell moving. It's like a focal point."
She sighed and rolled her hips from side to side slightly. "It wouldn't take much for me to come again and again but I'm not in a hurry anymore. I want to savor it now and let it build."
I grinned and kissed her hair. "You won't hear any complaints from me. The only thing is that I can't figure out why I haven't exploded. I have pretty good control most of the time but this is very unusual. I love the feelings of you, both inside and out."
She rolled her hips around again and then whispered, "I hadn't even thought about that. I've been too wrapped up in my own little world." She sat up slowly and shivered as her cervices pressed tightly to the head of my dick.
She lifted her hips slightly to ease the pressure and then grinned down at me. "Let's see if I can get the stuffing out of this thing or kill myself trying."
Then she lifted her hips almost all the way off me and then lowered them back down. She made a dozen strokes like this at a slow speed but the speed was increasing. As it got faster, the length of the stroke got shorter.
I went to lifting my hips a little, as she came down on each stroke. The first few times I did, it brought a loud gasp to her lips. Then it was a sharp soft grunting groan as her orgasm built a little higher.
She felt so very, very good as she fucked me but my orgasm wasn't building fast at all. I was enjoying myself far too much to worry about my own; it was hers that I was most interested in. It was building slowly this time and should be of earth shattering proportions by the time it peaked.
I lifted my hips a little higher each time she came down and the groaning grunt got louder and longer as she leaned forward and placed her hands on my chest again. Her eyes were closed and a look of total abandon was written on her face.
Suddenly, I felt a hot wave wash down along my shaft and she gave a long drawn out, loud moaning yell as she came and sat down hard. I felt the head of my dick pressing hard against her cervices and then I felt something give and her ass finally settled to my hips.
Her eyes popped open wide, as did her mouth, and then there was an even hotter flood along my shaft. This, coupled with the pressure and heat around the head of my manhood, almost made me come right then and there.
She yelled loudly and tried to get up but only succeeded in rocking herself back and forth, rubbing me around inside her, and forcing my dick even deeper. I had never felt anything like this in my life. I could feel her juices running down over my balls with a tickling sensation.
Finally, she made her legs work and raised herself up. She gave a loud yell as I felt the head of my dick come out of wherever it had been and then she collapsed on top of me, moaning softly, and breathing hard and heavy. I wrapped my arms around her and held her tightly.
After a moment or two, she became quiet and slowly her breathing returned to normal. She was so still and quiet, that I figured she had fallen asleep. Then her eyelids fluttered open and she looked at me with a vague expression for a moment, before her eyes seemed to focus. When they did, she smiled shyly and then sighed deeply, her eyes closing again.
I was almost to the point of dozing off, when I heard Rita whisper, "I told you that I had bitten off more than I could handle."
I smiled as I kissed her on the forehead. "You sure seemed to be doing a fine job of handling it. That is until your legs gave out and you sat down. Then we went into unexplored territory," I whispered and then grinned.
"Boy, have you got that right. I was having one barnburner of an orgasm and then suddenly, I was on a completely new plain. There was a sharp pain and then I was riding a skyrocket, up, up, and away. I knew somewhere deep in the back of my mind that I needed to get up, but my body didn't want to work right. From then on, it was all sparkling lights and wave after wave of pleasure, so intense that it hurt. Then there was another sharp pain and I was floating somewhere far, far away." She told me in a rush.
I hugged her tightly and kissed her forehead again. For a while, I just held her and rocked her gently. She snuggled up closer and sighed deeply, a sound of total satisfaction.
*****
I awoke sometime later, to a wonderful dream. Someone was sitting on my dick and slowly moving up and down as they rotated their hips slowly. I opened my eyes to see Rita grinning down at me as she moved over me.
"I woke up and wanted to try this again," she whispered breathily. "Anyway, you were the one that was supposed to go boom earlier, not me."
She chuckled as she hunched her hips quickly up and down on my shaft and then added, "This time it's going to be a race to see who comes first and don't you dare move. I want to do this all by myself." She groaned loudly and I could feel her inner muscles clasping and releasing my hard shaft.
She tossed her hair back over her shoulder and moved a little faster. She bit at her bottom lip as I felt the head of my dick bottom out on each stroke. I felt my orgasm start to build and build quickly.
I must have groaned or made a face because she grinned and moved even faster and harder. Once I felt the head of my dick, press into the opening it had went through earlier and she gasped loudly.
A second later, I did groan loudly, and a second after that, I was coming in long hard spurts. On the second spurt, Rita sat down hard, jamming me back into unknown territory. She yelled loudly and was coming as hard as I was.
My hips came up, driving me even deeper as she leaned forward to kiss me wildly. Now, I was fucking her with short sharp strokes and our orgasms spiraled even higher.
She broke the kiss to yell again and shook her hair wildly around, as her ass moved down as far as possible, allowing me to penetrate her even farther. Her body was jerking back and forth, against each of my thrusts. I could feel her sexual juices flooding over me as she tightened and relaxed, repeatedly.
Suddenly, it felt like I was coming again. That's crazy and couldn't be happening, I thought through the haze and fog of my pleasure. Rita arched her back and sat up straight, rolling her hips from side to side, a grimace of pleasure and pain on her face. My hips had stopped moving at some point and now I just held them pressed tightly to her ass as she moved randomly.
I wanted to sit up and hold her but my body wouldn't do what I told it. It didn't matter, as shortly, Rita, sort of melted forward to lie down on top of me. I wrapped her in my arms and hugged her tightly.
*****
The next thing I knew, Rita was kissing me softly on the lips. As my eyes opened, she whispered, "Hi, welcome back."
I grinned and asked, "Who won the race?"
She looked perplexed for a second and then the light went on. "Oh yeah, that race. I think it was too close to call, so we'll just call this one a tie, if that's alright with you," she said with a grin of her own.
I chuckled and said, "That's just fine with me. I think we both won and in more ways than one."
She chuckled and nodded. "I think you're right." Then she laid her head on my shoulder and sighed deeply.
"I think it's going to take a whole lot more than just one night to figure out who won what and why," she whispered softly, almost to herself.
I nodded, understanding exactly what she meant.