Diane takes on old guys' massive pricks
After her exciting day flashing at the garden centre, Diane worked up the courage to phone the guy who gave her his card and asked her to call him if she did any private shows.
"Hello."
"Hello, are you the gentleman whom I met at the garden centre, two weeks ago?"
"Yes, that's correct, my name is Tony and yours is?"
"Diane".
"I'm so glad you rang, Diane. We were captivated by your performance but sadly we didn't get a chance to cum too. Which is why I asked about a private showing."
He went on, "However, before making up your mind, I must tell you that we guys have large cocks and find it almost impossible to have an intimate relationship with ladies due to our big dicks."
"We all agreed that you got us very excited and a private show would stimulate us to a lot of spunk."
" You mean you can't find ladies who can take a large cock?"
"Well, not many. Whilst massive cocks might seem a woman's dream it can make them extremely sore over time."
"What size would you call massive?"
" Seven to nine inches flaccid." He said.
"Wow, that's big. Tell you what, let me think about it and I'll get back to you, ok?"
Tony agreed to wait for her call. Diane called Simon and told him about the private show.
But added "Seeing those lovely big cocks Simon would mean I could not resist fucking them. And I don't know if my old cunt is up to it."
Simon, not having a massive cock himself, could see her problem, so he promised to call round the following evening with a big dildo for her to practice with.
Excited at the prospect of really stretching her old hairy cunt, Diane was shocked when Simon showed her a realistic cock that was a good 10 inches long and a massive 8 inches in circumference. "How will I ever get that up me, Simon?"
"With practice, honey." He knew she could take it as he gently began to finger her wet cunt and spread her fat thighs. Positioning the head between her fat lips he gently pushed it in an inch at a time.
"Oh Simon, that feels so good, give me more."
With the whole 10 inches in her hairy hole, he started slowly pushing it in and out and at the same time sucking her juicy titties, which he knew she liked.
Diane started thrashing about and climaxed very quickly as he knew she would. Pulling the artificial cock out, he put his hard dick in her mouth to slurp and suck, and when he shot his wad, she swallowed it with relish.
"You know, Simon I think I am going to enjoy the real thing. But you will be here to see that I am not mistreated, won't you? And by the way, remove the rug from the living room, you know how I will have a nice full bladder to ensure some lovely squirts."
He agreed and she told him to invite them next Saturday evening. Tony was pleased that she would entertain them and the arrangement was made.
Simon arrived about an hour before the show started and helped Diane get dressed for the show. He recommended that she wore a shelf bra that supported her heavy titties but showed off her big brown nipples. Over that was a nice low-cut blouse that made most of her cleavage. She chose a suspender belt that looped around her lovely fat belly and sheer stockings. Being proud of her very hairy fanny she left off her knickers and her short swirling skirt finished just above her knees. She was all set to give a great performance.
Tony and his three friends arrived punctually. Taking off their coats Simon could see by their large bulges not one of them wore any under-ware.
"Gentlemen, before we go any further, there is one simple rule, Diane controls what happens this evening. She has agreed it is okay for you to get your cocks out and play with yourself or each other as much as you, please. She will join us in a minute, so make yourselves comfortable."
"Hello gents, are you ready to cum loads," announced Diane as she entered. She made an immediate impression on them as if in unison, Simon saw their cocks get bigger.
"I see that you are getting excited but now get me horny, take off those clothes, and let me see those lovely cocks". One by one they undressed to reveal some of the biggest and thickest dicks she had seen. As they sat down, she stood in front of each one and invited them to give her a good fingering all around her luscious fat hairy cunt and arse. By the time she had been fingered, she took off her blouse and skirt and went over to the guy with a thick 10-inch dick and well and truly wet with pre-cum. Straddling it she leaned forward and sat down until it was stuffed up her hole. After some vigorous shagging he did not take long to shoot wad after wad of creamy spunk up her.
By now the other guys were straining to fuck her but Diane said that one was enough for now but laid down on the floor and told them to shoot spunk and piss all over her as she wanked her big clit.
As each one shot their loads and start pissing, Diane squirted a massive gusher.
After cleaning up, she told them that they could all see her over the next few weeks and she would fuck one at a time.