She was young; 18, certainly, but not much more. I was on a family swimming trip when I saw her. The pool was particularly quiet and everyone seemed to be focused around the toddler pool and the slides.
I was alone in the lazy river. There she was, standing at the entrance to the bubble pool in the middle of the circuit. Her long brown hair was plastered over her shoulders by the water. She looked so innocent which couldn't be further from the truth.
She was standing there, her fingers toying with the zip of her front opening ochre coloured bikini top. The water lapped around her hips leaving me to admire her perfectly toned stomach with the cute little belly button.
The water swept me by, but I wished silently to see her again. Impure thoughts filled my brain. It was such a sexy image.
Sure enough, she was still there when I rounded the corner on the next round. I suddenly noticed that the zip of her top was undone to the clasp exposing a tantalising view of nubile flesh. I was easily old enough to be her father, but I wanted her. The things I would do to her, given the chance!
I looked into her green eyes as I passed, they were smiling at me sultrily. The corners of her full lips twitched in a half smile.
My penis quickly grew hard as I imagined ravishing this young woman.
I silently wished for another view as the water swept me away, and I was in luck.
I rounded the corner and smiled involuntarily as I caught sight of her again. The zip of her bikini was now completely undone, only the wetness of the material holding it loosely in place over her nipples, maintaining the last few shreds of decency. Her creamy white skin was visible from neck to navel.
As the water swept me past, she lifted a slender finger and beckoned me. I couldn't wait to go around again.
Rounding the corner, she was no longer there, so I swam into the bubble pool. There she was, lying back with the bubbles caressing her body.
As I grew closer I spotted her bikini floating aimlessly in the water. She was naked.
"Hi," I gasped by way of greeting, but she covered her lips with a finger, ordering silence, and pointed to the place opposite her. I took the hint, and made myself comfortable.
No sooner had i settled than the woman sat up slightly, offering me an unobstructed view of her small breasts. She started to gently tweak the small, hard, brown nipples that sat atop them. There wasn't a hint of sag in the breasts - why would there be, they were so small, and she was so young.
Very quickly I saw a hand snake down her body as she arched her back and sighed. Before long she was rubbing her clit vigorously.
I could only watch as she worked herself up. I gently stroked my hard cock, but I was very aware that I didn't want to ejaculate in the pool. It seemed a little gross to leave my sperm floating around.
It didn't take long for her to reach climax. I guessed the taboo of being naked with a stranger and masturbating in a family pool helped.
She frantically worked her pussy. I guessed she was slipping a couple of fingers inside but I couldn't quite see. Just as she came she opened her eyes and looked at me, a deeply sexual look in her eyes.
It was all I could do to stop playing with myself as wave after wave of orgasm shook her slight frame.
I stared at her crotch, trying to peer through the bubbly water at her cunt, completely exposed with her legs spread wide. I couldn't see enough though.
After what seemed an age she finally roused herself. She smiled at me again as she stood up, revealing her nakedness to me entirely as the water was quite shallow. Her young mound was entirely hairless and smooth.
I gaped at her beauty as she slowly waded towards me.
She straddled me and slowly lowered herself down on top of me, gently grinding her naked cunt against my crotch and gently brushing her tits over my chest. I nearly exploded there and then.
She leaned in to my ear and huskily whispered thanks in my ear, before kissing me on the lips.
We kissed for what seemed like an eternity. She tasted slightly fruity and the feeling of her tongue snaking around mine sent tingles down my spine.
I ran my hands up and down her back and caressed her buttocks. She didn't object, in fact when I squeezed her bum it made her squirm and grind herself into me more.
I slipped a hand round and gently brushed a nipple. Her small A cup breasts were firm and covered in goosebumps. She shuddered at my touch and rewarded me with a rub of my cock through my shorts. I got to work kneading her lovely breasts, quite firmly, which she obviously enjoyed.
Her slender fingers started undoing the front of my shorts, so I got bolder with my hands and traced the length of her inner thigh, right up to the treasures at the top. The smoothness of her skin the whole way up showed that she was meticulous in waxing every last inch. She gasped as my finger met the prize of her pussy. Despite the pool water it was still slippery from her juices.
I slipped a finger inside her and she shuddered deeply. She felt so tight. All I wanted now was to fuck this little minx. Would I have the chance?
By now she was tugging on my shorts, having undone them. I lifted my bum in the air and she pushed them down. I assisted, leaving them floating next to her bikini in the water. Her slender fingers grasped my hard dick whilst I finger fucked her.
Suddenly I felt her whole body tense as she let out a little squeal. The muscles in her vagina clamped firmly around my finger as the orgasm took hold of her. As it grew in intensity she broke off our kiss allowing me to suckle on her lovely little nipples. This intensified the pleasure for her.
It was over for her, almost as suddenly as it began. I was jealous. She had had two strong climaxes and here I was with aching balls and a rock hard cock. The only safe place for me to deposit my load was inside her. God I wanted her so much. Would I have her?
I didn't need to wait long for the answer. Her orgasm over, it seemed she was still up for more. She was already positioning my cock over her slippery hole! Man was she tight! But I slipped in easily due to the lubrication. She slowly slid down my dick until all 6 inches of me were inside her. It felt so good. Then she started kissing me again. At the same time she started gently fingering her clit as she slowly rocked back and forth on my shaft. I was so close to cumming!
I had to wonder at her stamina: her third orgasm, and a big one! It sent me spiralling over the edge myself. My dick spasmed inside this young thing as her pussy muscles milked it dry. We both let out animalistic grunts of pleasure!
And then it was over. She stood up carefully, giving me another view of her delightful body. She fished her bikini out of the water, and quickly slipped it back on. She smiled at me as she climbed out of the pool to clean up, leaving me lying there naked, happy, and slightly conscious of myself. I slipped on my shorts and returned to my family.
I never saw her again, but the memory has fuelled my masturbation thoughts ever since.