As Kevin surveyed the scene before him, he realised that he was conflicted. Part of him was terrified that someone in the garden party now knew of his secret relationship with his aunt. He had been fucking her for over a week while he stayed at her home recuperating. That tap had been turned off when he returned to live at home again, but he had just rather assertively enjoyed a blow job from her, and he suspected they had been watched by a party guest.
And there lay the conflict for Kevin. There were several very hot women guests, and he rather liked the idea that he had put on a show for them, and presumably they enjoyed it. In fact he could feel himself hardening at the idea once again, but this time the new, bolder Kevin wasn't going to hide it. Taking a deep breath, he rejoined the party and walked over to the barbecue to flip a few burgers. Although not fully erect by any means, he knew he was sporting an impressive bulge and if the lovely ladies wanted to feast their eyes, then that was just fine with him.
Soon, Mr Benson and his lovely wife Sally came over to him. As well as getting some food, they wanted to talk to him about doing some gardening chores- Kevin was keen to help as he needed some spending money, and if it meant he got a chance to spend some time with the gorgeous Sally, then what a bonus! They agreed he would pop round the following morning, and not surprisingly Mr Benson said he wouldn't be around as he had a golf tee booked, but Sally would look after Kevin in his absence.
Kevin smiled and looked Sally in the eyes as he said how much he was looking forward to a good few hours of hard work as he had been getting lazy of late. As he said the word " hard" he casually placed his left hand over his now semi erect cock. Mr Benson was oblivious but Kevin was pretty sure that Sally had noticed, judging by a slight flush which started to show on her cheeks.
Kevin decided to push things a little further.
Still holding his cock gently, he turned to Mr Benson and asked:
"How about equipment Mr Benson? Do you have everything we need? I actually have plenty if you are a little short?"
By now Kevin had a managed to adjust his position so that the barbecue was between him and Mr Benson, blocking his view as Kevin adjusted his dick in his shorts. Sally, his gorgeous young wife had no such obstacle and was able to watch Kevin adjust himself and put on a show. His cock hardened further, and he felt the head of his cock begin to peek out of the bottom of his shorts. The young wife was transfixed as her cheeks flushed more. Mr Benson may have a good job and loads of money, and his young wife really did love him, but Kevin knew he had him outclassed in cock department, and so did Sally.
"Actually Mr Benson, let's not worry about it. I shall bring everything I need with me, but if Sally needs any specialist work, we could arrange another visit? In fact, I'm hoping that if I work hard and deliver the goods tomorrow, then it might become a regular booking? " Kevin smiled at the couple.
Sally was blushing furiously as Kevin first shook Mr Bensons hand and then Sally's, giving her a gentle but noticeable squeeze as he did so, holding her hand just a fraction longer than strictly necessary to 'seal the deal'.
"It's a date!" he told them, " I can hardly wait to get started."
"Great!" said Mr Benson as he led his hot young wife away, "Do a good job, and you can come every week" he said, as Kevin smiled at Sally.
"Oh I will, Mr Benson- satisfaction guaranteed!" said Kevin.
As the couple moved away, Kevin saw his Grandmother making her way towards him. She looked magnificent to Kevin, a beautiful woman who had retained her voluptuous figure and classy looks. Kevin had not noticed before how attractive a woman she was, but now that his sexual appetite had been whetted, he certainly noticed.
She opened her arms as she approached to hug him, and this had the effect of pushing her big boobs out just as she enveloped him in a hug. He could feel her big melons squashing into his chest as she hugged him and kissed him on the cheek.
Kevin hugged her back, very aware that his dick was waking up again due to the big jugs against his chest. He moved to release his gran from the hug, but much to his surprise she held him firm.
"Oh no you don't!" she whispered into his ear, "we need to have a little talk."
Kevin tried to act calm, but inwardly he was verging on panic- was it his gran who had observed the blowjob? That would have meant she watched her own daughter, sucking her grandsons cock! The only thing worse would have been if it had been her other daughter doing the deed, ie his Mum!
Having said that, Kevin also realised that whole idea was totally taboo, and therefore incredibly hot.
His cock was hardening quickly as his gran looked at him. He could feel it poking into her stomach, and there was no question that she could too!
"Did Mrs Benson enjoy the show then Kevin?" she asked, much to his confusion. Did she mean that Sally had been the spectator earlier?
"Do you like flashing your big hard cock to ladies Kevin?" she asked as her hand slipped between their bodies and grasped his cock firmly.
Panicking, Kevin looked around the garden, but nobody seemed to notice as his gran gently squeezed his cock. This was amazing! His gran was touching his cock in public! Kevin gasped as she began to jerk him off gently, the act concealed between their two bodies.
"I think you might be busy tomorrow morning" his gran whispered in his ear, " but tomorrow afternoon you will be popping over to my place for a visit, won't you dear?". As she said this she gave a firm pull on Kevin's cock.
Kevin could only agree, as his head spun and his grans hand pleasured him.
"Don't bother with any underwear when you visit tomorrow" she said, "you will be naked most of the time. It's been a while since I've seen a good cock and I want to enjoy it. I think you might actually be bigger than your father you know?"
Kevin reeled! His gran had seen his father's cock? That was her son in law! He was married to her daughter!
"Ah yes" said his gran, "he was quite a man was your dad. He did like to fuck, and with his big cock he was very good at it! We were all very sad when he left. Still, looks like the apple might not have fallen far from the tree."
She gave him a final squeeze, released his cock and stepped back smiling. This had only taken a few minutes and nobody had noticed what was going on. This was awesome!
Feeling bold, Kevin twisted his body slightly to block any view of his hand, and reached up to squeeze one of his grans great big tits.
"And were you planning on wearing any underwear tomorrow?" he asked his grandmother.
He could feel the weight of her big tit in his hand. The big bra she wore meant he couldn't feel her nipples, and he wondered what they might look like. Hell no, he wondered what they might taste like!
His gran smiled, "I think tomorrow might be an underwear free day, don't you?"
Kevin agreed, and with that she stepped away to rejoin the party.
"See you tomorrow afternoon then" she said. Kevin could only nod.
Kevin was now unbelievably horny. He thought he had a pretty good chance of fucking the hot wife as he 'tended her garden', and who knew what was in store for him at grans? Not milk and cookies, that was for sure.
Could things get any better for Kevin?
Just as he pondered this, he noticed his Mom staring across the garden at him. She appeared to be frowning and her eyes kept dropping down his body, as if she was trying to draw his attention to something. He looked down, and to his dismay saw his cock sticking up out of the waistband of his shorts. It stood out a good couple of inches, and clearly his Mom had noticed.
He quickly turned his back and stuffed himself back into his shorts. When he turned back around, his Mom had crossed the garden and stood in front of him.
"For goodness sake Kevin! Can't you control yourself? Don't you know better than to expose yourself when we have guests?" she said.
"You can dress how you like in the privacy of our home, but when we have guests, you stay decent! Ok?"
She didn't seem too angry, much to his surprise, and as her words sunk in he began to wonder. Dress how I like in private? Did that mean what he thought it meant? Could he get his cock out when it was just him and Mom in the house? Could he risk it?