1 The Dance of Femininity.
Natalia was walking calmly and carefree with her elegant ease down the street towards the grand central park of the city, to meet her friend Frida on that beautiful spring afternoon. As expected, her blonde and sophisticated presence was dressed appropriately for the occasion; a candid and fresh white dress of neat elegance in its manufacture, observing a sober cut, with certain hints of frank spring flirtation, slightly low-cut in the front. And decidedly fitted at the waist, to diligently highlight the femininity of her hips. In addition to a fresh violet cape jacket slightly longer than the dress, to complement in a festive way, with her handbag and heels in pink.
Her footsteps resounded with resolute sweetness on the sidewalk, her delicate feet adorned with her essential high heels, glided gracefully posing one in front of the other making a straight line to the rhythm of her legs crisscrossing inside the exquisite dress, the delicate and subtle friction between her thighs insinuated a delicate caress, radiating her jovial joy, like a refined lady of good dress, illuminated with her exquisite presence in that area of the park. Feeling the flattery of the fresh fragrance of the afternoon. A spontaneous smile of joy was drawn on her face, when she saw her friend Frida walking in her direction, who came to greet her, feeling very happy to see her.
The two beautiful friends stood out from the crowd with their refined elegance as they glided along the sidewalk with their natural grace and distinguished bearing, being admired by friends and strangers alike due to the imposing majesty of their appearance, which resembled in its luxurious air and the sumptuousness of their attitude, that of authentic contemporary urban queens.
The air seemed to stop around them after the sound of their footsteps on the sidewalk and the delicately hypnotic movement of their hips, in their gazes at some moments it was possible to appreciate the way in which the secret of time was contained, and its after.
They were two unreachable presences shining their imposing charm, with sovereign and natural grace, receiving silently and with pleasure, the spontaneous praise of those who contemplated them walking full of that sincere Donaire, typical of their frank nature.
Natalia suddenly begins to exude a certain aura of uneasiness in her gentle countenance, feeling that both of them are being singled out by the people around them, as if they were guilty of committing an ominous crime.
The blue of the sky turns grayish and blows over their well-groomed hair an air of peculiar and disquieting gloom. Before them, the presence of a woman with spectacular forms began to glimpse, walking in their direction. Natalia felt her blood freeze when she saw that attractive woman, with a curvaceous body to the point of the sublime, stop her steps in front of them, dressed only with the unfortunate coat of the wind on her anatomy and the power of her words when she greeted them.
These two prissy cuties fell silent before that woman with her black hair of reddish sparkles waving in the afternoon wind. At times they could feel the powerful influence of the penetrating copper color of her eyes on them.
That mysterious woman reflected a gracious presence that was in the prime of life, in perfect health, generously endowed in her forms and deeply proud of the echo of the times resounding in the coppery glow of her eyes, she showed herself with a relaxed attitude, as if she wished to project a certain pride when she was seen walking with no more attire than her feminine essence.
Natalia hurriedly ran towards her with a certain expression of affliction in the tenderness of her face, she felt deeply indignant at the fact that someone would be so ruthless to commit such an atrocity, having completely stripped that woman of all her clothes in a flagrant attack on her dignity and decorum, to then throw her mercilessly into the street in total disrobing, in broad daylight.
"Good heavens, poor woman! Who has done this to you? What an infamy! They haven't left you on, not a stitch! Don't worry! We understand your tragedy and we want to help you. Let's cover your intimates with my cloak first! That way you won't be all exposed in front of people!" -Said Natalia looking somewhat distressed as she put her cloak on her.
"Thank you so much, I wasn't expecting it!" -She replied.
"Please come with us, near here there is a boutique where we can go and solve your uncomfortable shortage of clothes. I'd like to buy something for you, how would you like to have some new panties, a bra, stockings, shoes, a skirt, and a blouse? Pick whatever you want! and don't worry about it, it's on me!" -Said Natalia enthusiastically with her distinctive sweetness and kindness.
"Then we can take you home, or if it's okay with you, we can go for a drink so you can relax, so you can tell us what happened." Frida added.
"You're really very kind Natalia, are you really sure you want to give me your cape? When, that's all you were wearing! And by the looks of it, you didn't bring any money either. From what I assume, it will be somewhat difficult for us to go shopping, given our current condition. But I don't deny that it would be very interesting, if we were to show up like this in that store." -Responded quizzically that woman with long legs, and sinuous anatomy with all her smooth skin exposed, after taking the cloak from the hands of the cute gentle blonde.
Natalia did not understand those words, instinctively looked down as she felt the soft caress of the wind on her skin. Inexplicably, something made her stylized body suddenly find itself naked, she did not understand why her skin was out in the open, completely devoid of any garment!
She felt an annoying heat burning from the inside of her face that descended all over her exposed and sensual anatomy, she reacted in fright by covering herself with her hands. Immediately the sweet blue of her gaze searched desperately for Frida and her voice called out to her, without any response.
"She'll be fine! But you? Just look at you! You look like you've seen the devil in person!" -said the mysterious woman with a certain mocking tone in her voice.
"How can you be so calm? In case you haven't noticed, all my clothes have vanished out of thin air! It happened without any explanation. And I don't see my friend anywhere! We should find a place to hide, don't you see? Now we're both naked in public." -Said anguished Natalia.
She felt an electrifying horror as she saw her violet cloak disappear from the woman's body, causing the two of them to be inexorably completely exposed in that place. The tenebrous sensation grew for the gentle blonde as she saw how people passed by her slowly, to capture in detail every inch of their bodies, some even exclaiming all kinds of comments about this pair of fascinating works of nature incarnated as women.
Natalia was helpless in the face of her impulsive desire to run to hide, fear seemed to have frozen her motor faculties. She only blushed and smiled nervously at some flattery full of gallantry, proffered by some surprised passers-by. She was most indignant when a girl spanked her as she passed by, complimenting her cute bubble butt.
The mysterious woman observed with a certain expression of amusement the reactions of Natalia, who was beside herself, seeing herself completely naked in the Grand central park, immediately removed her hands from her pubis with the firm intention of confirming that her companion was indeed a natural blonde.
"What are you doing, don't touch me there please!" -Natalia exclaimed indignantly.
"Explain something to me, I don't understand why someone who has gone to the trouble of preening her pussy like that, suddenly doesn't want anyone to see it? Excuse me, but if you've gone to so much trouble in your grooming, it's because you want someone to enjoy seeing it. you naughty girl! By the way, you can call me Angela S." -said with insolence in that woman's voice after winking.
"Angela, if my pubes are trimmed that way, it's for my taste and comfort, I did it for my husband's exclusive delight, besides, the way my intimate parts are groomed. It's none of your business! We should look for Frida, so she can go buy us some clothes while we hide in those bushes."-Said Natalia distressed.
"Why are we going to look for Frida? She has more important matters to attend to now! We could both go directly to do that shopping, just like you offered me in the beginning. I fancy some new panties and bra to start with, and I'm absolutely sure you want to find something in your exact size and try on several models, before choosing something definite to wear." -She said mockingly.
"Of course, I'm going to keep my offer to take you shopping! But we're in big trouble. I've run out of clothes and money! Have you forgotten already? Just look at me! How can you think of us showing up like this, in that boutique? It's unthinkable! Do you expect you and I to walk in the door cheerfully, in Eva's suit? Both of us very smiling and carefree, just like that, as if nothing had happened."
Angela stood silently watching with a certain perversity forming on her lips, at the way Natalia was getting upset.
"Their jaws are going to drop when they see the two of us arriving, walking very proper to the counter. The manager will greet us with a polite greeting, while she thinks that those two newcomers have lost their minds, she will wonder what's wrong with these two? And in a polite way I address her; Good afternoon, Miss, it so happens that my friend and I suddenly have nothing to wear, could you be so kind as to provide us with a couple of your beautiful and most complete outfits? You see, Angela and I would be very pleased if we could wear some of the wonderful clothes that this boutique has to offer.
The store manager will lead us very attentively through her facilities showing us what she has available for our sizes, she will be very kind to us as she senses our need for some matching panties and bras that would suit a selection of beautiful seasonal dresses, which she and her employees would gladly model for us, as we watch while sitting over a drink and think what would suit us best.
Once we had made our choice and before we could try on any of those beautiful clothes, the manager, moved by her intuition, asked us how we wanted to proceed with our payment.
I would blush to answer her; You don't worry about it; you can add everything to an account that is in my name in this store. It is obvious that we do not have anything on us at the moment, and you must believe us that this is not exactly by our choice. Don't think we are shameless for showing up like this, I guarantee you that we are two ladies in distress and we would like to get out of here, you know, leaving something to the imagination.
She would watch us carefully and would be very surprised to hear my name, she would ask me for identification, which I obviously don't have with me, she is unable to recognize me with my clothes off!
Immediately you and I would be thrown out on the street, just as we are without even having been able to try on a pair of panties, under the threat that the police would be called.
To avoid that humiliating situation, we need Frida!"-Said Natalia indignantly after having raised the complicated situation of going to that boutique.
"Okay, we both have no money and we're not wearing anything anymore, so what's wrong with that? With that nice body you have, and at your age, you shouldn't feel embarrassed about it! Just look at me, do you see me making a fuss about my naked body? -said the woman.
"It's just that everyone is looking at us, it makes me feel very uncomfortable to draw attention to myself in this way. it's undignified! You've heard everything they tell us yourself. And those two cheeky girls who clapped me on my ass cheeks." -Said Natalia mortified
Angela couldn't resist guffawing at that last said by Natalia, she didn't fail to find it hilarious that some girls who came to pass by them, were amused in that way with that well-shaped and round bared ass.
"How funny you are! Honey, people have always seen you the same way. You well know you enjoyed it quite a bit, and even strutted around walking on your high heels."
"Well, I must admit that I enjoy feeling admired. A woman has her vanity and for that I dress up before I go out. It makes me feel very special to combine colors and feel the texture of the clothes on my body. That's very different, to consenting to people seeing me like that, naked and vulnerable, you saw how those girls have disrespected me. I'm a decent lady!"
"I couldn't doubt your decency my dear, never that! Now tell me, why are you starting to get wet? Your mouth says one thing and your body is manifesting something quite different, don't deny it! "
Natalia felt a deep embarrassment at those words; indeed, her body was manifesting a certain complacency as she felt the gallantry of the spring wind caressing her, she could only blush and found it impossible to show indignation. Angela could decipher it just by looking at her, that was extremely uncomfortable for her, she was even beginning to forget about the people who came to pass around her and carefully dissected them both with her eyes.
"I like you very much! You know something? You've made me feel deeply moved by your kind gesture towards me. And it's not at all easy to achieve such a thing! Don't cry like a little girl, worrying about this kind of trifle. Come walk with me, it will do you good to relax and get some sun, if we walk in that path There are some things I must tell you in private." -Angela said.
Angela and Natalia began to walk where the vegetation was more intense in the park, so that the gentle blonde would feel comfortable and forget for a moment her nudity to act in a natural and relaxed way.
"If life has arranged for both of us to be here with our naked asses, let's at least try to enjoy it! While we find your friend, will you? First you must understand one thing, I'm here to help you with that question that ails you! Now tell me, why were you so nice to me without even knowing me?"
"It seemed very appropriate to offer you my help, I wanted to act decently and be empathetic to you! I already knew what it felt like to be thrown naked to your fate on the street. I don't understand why this is happening to us. Now tell me, if you've come to help me, what do you plan to do about it? You know, about our conspicuous absence of clothing. I don't understand how you manage to be so calm about it." -said Natalia.
"How funny you are cutie! Are you worried about your lack of clothes? But you have plenty of them at home! Honey, I think you're enjoying this more than you yourself would be willing to accept. Free your mind! Let's be honest, you need this. And deep down inside, you've always wanted to do it. But prejudice makes you afraid to go naked on your own, and it's logical. Don't lie to me, I can read it in your eyes!" -Said Angela.
"How can you think such a thing of me? If I am now naked it is because all my clothes inexplicably vanished, I have never wished this to happen to me. Which puts me in an extremely inconvenient situation that I am not at all comfortable with. Okay, I can't deal with this alone in public and I need my friend. I can't enjoy this kind of moral disarray and much less could I need it."-Said Natalia feeling troubled.
"You must learn to see beyond, to shed all your mental, moral and physical attachments to burn in the fire of your Secret Goddess." Angela replied.
"I'm beginning to believe that you want me to feel very conformable, and be very unconcerned about why all of a sudden, I'm out of my clothes. I'm naked in public! I must not like it, it's not morally right, I'm not an exhibitionist!" -Natalia exclaimed indignantly.
"Start to stop disavowing that fullness of wild beauty rooted in your essential femininity. Stop kidding yourself, I know what you really want!" -Angela said.
Natalia felt the powerful influx of Angela that attracted her, she felt her thighs getting completely wet as she closed them moved by a certain shyness, as soon as that woman of sinuous forms and intense coppery gaze, took her by the waist in a seductive way, they stared at each other and Angela put her index finger on the closed lips of the sweet blonde. Immediately a maelstrom of sensations conspired between her shapely legs, Angela skillfully applied the arts of Lilith on the divinity of that beautiful and curvaceous body exposed on the lawn.
In the middle of the park and in the light of day, despite all the rules dictated by her conscience, sweet Natalia surrendered without the slightest demur to her most hidden sensations that welled up all over the texture of her skin, until culminating in an explosive orgasm that left the face of the voluptuous and concupiscent Angela drenched, who stood up to admire her naughtiness on the panting and exhausted blonde.
"Who would have thought it? The distinguished Mistress Natalia is truly another after spending a few minutes, without all her clothes. You will achieve true prodigies when you have managed to free your mind! Darling you realize that I did know very well what you needed. I am pleased to know that I was not wrong about you." -Said Angela.
"I don't know what you did to me, I suddenly got so horny! That was the help you came to give me? You just fucked me in this park! And now what am I going to do? I feel so confused with myself, I'm a married woman!"
"I don't usually say this to everyone, but since you were incredibly generous to me, I'll make an exception today! I was the one who brought all this on and I will tell you that there is immense power in you, you just need to learn to know your potential."
"And how can I do that? Wait a minute, you made me get naked and then fuck me here, in front of everyone! -Natalia exclaimed furiously.
Angela made a sinister mocking gesture. She expressed to Natalia with her coppery look that she knew about how much she also enjoyed this unusual and sizzling situation. He told her to stop complaining about it.
Natalia felt the way Angela entered her thoughts, as if she was digging into each and every one of her feelings, as well as her memories, especially a certain memory, the one she could feel shamefully guilty and at the same time ecstatic to have experienced. It was then that Natalia realized Angela's true nature.
For some strange reason, far from being terrified to learn the truth. Natalia felt compassionate towards her, just as she felt the first time she saw her, when she herself approached to offer her cloak to her not knowing that all this would happen to her.
"I am an imp, at first I just wanted to be playful by doing a little mischief to you and Frida, I love it when the most presumptuous ladies react in such funny ways, they scream all hysterical from the blush of their own embarrassment, realizing they are naked in front of many people, and they don't understand why it happened to them. They just run away scared as mice when a boat starts to take on water." -said Angela guffawing.
"That's not funny Angela! There's a lot of embarrassment, boy do I know."
"As I recall, not long ago you two were made to be stripped naked during a robbery, neither of you came out of there screaming, on the contrary, you walked away very dignified as if nothing bad happened, very proud of being who you are. I have never seen such a thing in women like you two, that's what captivated me about you and your friend! And today I wanted to put you both to the test again. And you see, I ended up seduced by your sweet charm, then we've been wandering all naked around here. And now I want to give you one last powerful secret."
"It's very uncomfortable for me, the way you've been deciphering me. You must be satisfied after you've undressed my body, you got to poke around inside the deep intimacy of my being. And what is the secret you're going to share with me?
"It's very simple Natalia; don't look for anything outside of yourself! You can burn in the fire of your own goddess, shed all your fears, don't forget everything I have told you. Now if you'll excuse me, I have to go, they're waiting for me! don't worry. Your friend Frida is essential to find that which is so necessary for your spirit. she will tell you what to do about it! listen to her and stick together."
Angela turned around, stretched her arms out to her sides then clasped her palms together above her head as she vanished, enveloped in a trail of fire.
"I don't understand anything you're saying Angela! Where are you going? Don't leave me here alone, I'm scared and totally exposed because of you! Angela, give me back my clothes! Angela, I need your help! -Said Natalia, overcome with her own frustration, as she watched Angela fade away.
1.2 The transformation in Frida.
Natalia felt a subtle jolt in her body, similar to an electric current running through her blood. She smiled exhaling a sigh of relief as she saw herself again, with her dress on, and Frida was back at her side very smiling. As if nothing had happened, after a simple blink of an eye. Natalia did not know what to say, it all seemed to her like a bizarre reverie that she could realistically feel at times, she was reassured by the fact that everything suddenly took the normal course that things usually take for her. Both women continued walking through the park.
After a few minutes a violet cloud slowly enveloped Frida from the ground to her shoulders, vanishing just as it appeared before the astonished and kind blonde, who could not believe her eyes what was happening to her friend with that sudden and shocking change in her image.
Frida seemed to be very calm, as if she herself found her current striking appearance very natural, she even seemed to be very proud of it.
"What's the matter Natalia? You see me in such a strange way, you are beginning to make me believe that there is something evil about me."-Said Frida feeling very surprised by the expression on her friend's face.
Natalia felt horrified when she noticed that in an instant, the elegant sky blue blouse vanished. Left in its place was a shamelessly revealing long-sleeved, low-cut, sheer black top that revealed her large breasts in all their round insolence, adorned by an obsidian and silver medallion.
Without warning, the sober and elegant black pencil skirt seemed to have shrunk to its minimum expression, being violently reduced to a laughable 6 inches in length and diligently fitted to the lush anatomy of the buxom and lush brunette, who left nothing to the imagination of those who beheld her, her shapely and long legs were encased in black stockings. The dark luxuriance of her long hair, waved free in the wind.
Natalia observed scandalized, the unusual brevity of such a scanty outfit evidencing with total irreverence the monumental silhouette of her curvaceous friend, finding it unpronounceable that defiant appearance she gave her.
"Frida, what's wrong with you? Your whole outfit, it's changed a bit!"
"Natalia. What's wrong with my outfit? I feel very satisfied with the effect this skirt gives to my legs, they look long and very nice. And what to say about my butt! I love how my breasts look with so much sass, I think I have the right to look a little saucy! Don't you think so?" -said Frida indignantly.
"You can be sure your body stands out! But Frida. don't you think you're showing too much skin? You're barely dressed!"
"Why does it bother you so much? If you could see how much it pleases me to be able to feel the way the hem of this skirt caresses my thighs, right where my ass cheeks begin as I walk, it's deliciously cool! The tighter the skirt, the sexier I feel. And with a body like mine, if you have it you should flaunt it! I never thought that, being such a flirt, I would feel so alive, You should try it yourself once in a while! -Frida said with a wink.
"I think if you have it, you should show it off. But it's wise to do it modestly, when the right person finds out it will be just for the two of you. That's class, and then the rest of your dressing up. good heavens! You suddenly look like, a..."
"Are you listening to yourself? One day I am wearing a skirt that to your taste is too short, and suddenly I look like a dishonest woman to you! According to your conception of life; do my clothes define me? If you see me dressed like a whore, it's because I am a whore, and I'm enjoying being one! -Frida exclaimed.
"Don't get me wrong Frida, it's just that, you're not leaving anything to the imagination! I don't understand why you're wearing your breasts on display. Tell me, why aren't you wearing intimate apparel, at least a pair of panties, your pubic hair is peeking out between your legs under your skirt! -said Natalia, trying to smooth things over.
"Don't lie to me Natalia, I can feel your total disapproval as you judge me with your inquisitive gaze. It happens to be for you a complete aggravation my appearance, and if you dislike so much that I wear an attire that you find to be very inappropriate and unworthy of a lady. Then I had better take it all off at once! That way, I will no longer be soiled for the judgment made by your eyes." -She added.
"Don't do that please!"
Frida placed her hand on the skimpy fabric of that daring and very revealing miniskirt and just like that, she ripped it off in just a simple tug. She was wearing only a black stocking body suit, which fit like a glove over her stunning, perfectly curvaceous body. The garment showed a notorious slit between her legs that went all the way down to the slit between her divine ass cheeks, revealing her preened pubic bush. To the total scandal of Natalia, who was blushing, seeing the unusual behavior of her friend.
"Frida please, don't you realize what you're doing? You're naked in the middle of the street!" she said.
"I'm not finished yet, sweetheart!"
Seconds later, Frida placed her hands on her belly and was pulling hard on the fabric, she was tearing the fragile garment, whose twists were falling to the floor until not a stitch was left on her body. Frida was totally exposed, in the blink of an eye. She was standing defiantly with one hand on her waist, looking at her astonished friend who could not believe what she had just seen her do.
"You can rest easy, I don't dress outrageously anymore! I feel liberated, now tell me, do I still look like a lewd whore to you, or am I just your friend the impudent lecher one?" added Frida in a tone of voice. -Frida added in a defiant tone.
At that instant, Natalia was shocked to see her friend, who looked carefree after having ripped off all her clothes in public and was now wearing only her high heels, plus the silver and obsidian medallion hanging from her neck. Frida seemed to feel fresh and somewhat boastful about how glitzy she found the glamour of her own nudity.
"That's not true! How can you say that? Frida could never think that of you. I'm very fond of you and I know you well - you're my best friend! You just looked so strange dressed like that. And now you're naked! Here, put on my cape! Let's go get you some clothes dear, my car is very close to here. -Said Natalia sweetly, with great concern to make her friend feel mortified.
"Natalia, you are the one acting very strange, I feel very happy to know, that I am a full woman, who enjoys her body very much! And who is proud, that she is not living imprisoned in an absurd farce. Just look at the other women! It's you, who they are pointing their fingers at, moved by your constant fear; of what they will say!"
She watched as a whole crowd of clothed women clustered around her, pointing at her with utter contempt and disapproval, and another group of women in various stages of undress approached, all of whom would do the same. Natalia felt very strange to see approaching with that macabre group her cousins Melina and Cathy, both of them were completely naked pointing at her and muttering sardonically to each other about her.
Natalia felt a pitiful hollowness inside her, just at the level of her agitated heart, as she turned her eyes. Frida was once again dressed in the sober elegance of her pencil skirt and sky blue blouse with that beautiful and elegant silver and obsidian medallion, just as she was at first. "
"See? No matter what we wear, we will always be under people's scrutiny - we are who we are! Do you want to be free and stop feeling bad about yourself?" -Said Frida in a solemn tone.
"Anything as long as these harpies leave us alone." -Said Natalia.
"If you are really sure you want to silence those voices, you must do as I tell you, if so, take my hand and come with me! I'll show you how to do it."
1.3 It's just a small leap of faith.
Natalia and Frida walked in silence through the park for a few minutes until they reached a beautiful forge fence that surrounded an impressive iron threshold adorned with festive floral motifs, the figures of Proteas and the almond blossom stood out in that elaborate and beautiful ornamentation.
The beautiful gateway was built in the magnificence of the purest Art Nouveau style, which corresponded to the first section of the Grand Central Park, which was built back in 1886 using a design by Gustave Eiffel. The two women stopped right in front of an elegant trash receptacle, also made of iron in the Art Nouveau style, one of the many that once stood throughout the Grand Central Park when it was inaugurated.
This charming trash can was perhaps the only remaining survivor of that style and was located at the foot of that beautiful artistic wrought iron threshold, which was the living reminiscence of another era. Natalia exclaimed that she had never been in that part of the park until that day. She was overwhelmed by the fascination of the peacefulness of that beautiful place.
Frida began to unbutton her beautiful sky blue blouse, calmly took it off and threw it away, just like that. The black strapless bra with lace cups was glistening in the afternoon sunlight.
"Frida, what are you doing? Stop it right now! You can't take your clothes off here!
Frida looked her friend up and down with a mocking smile on her lips, she seemed very pleased to be attracting attention like that.
"Now tell me Natalia, are you an honest woman?" -said Frida.
She immediately placed her hands between the size D cups that guarded the secret of her breasts and began to unclasp her strapless black bra, releasing the glorious, defiant prominence of her bared breasts.
"Of course you do! Frida, you well know that the two of us. we've led a blameless life so far! Please put your blouse and bra back on - do it for me!"
"Sweetheart, I'm doing this for us! Maybe you're honest, according to the guidelines dictated by society. But you're not being honest with me, let alone honest with yourself! Because you're fooling yourself, after everything we just went through, just a few nights ago. That's the worst thing of all! And you know very well, why I say so. You don't need to answer me now! -Frida said as she threw the bra into the iron "Art Nouveau" style tank.
"I don't understand you Frida! Why do you say that? You know very well, that we were forced all the time, to go through all those inappropriate things!
"Forget about impropriety and those absurd ideas, promoted by a rancid bunch of old cockatoos, armed with their ridiculous medieval manuals! Let's stop here, today from hiding from ourselves, behind our cumbersome ideas of what is right and wrong leading to the immoral."
"Look at me now and tell me! Is my breast immoral, according to whom? As far as I remember, that night you were very curious about my boobs, and I notice you haven't stopped looking at them. And it's good that you do, it's very healthy admiration, don't feel guilty about it! I really enjoy your gaze, would you like to touch them, come on, I know how much you like them!" -said Frida.
Natalia was not able to deny how much she was impressed by Frida's exposed breasts, such was the insistence of the voluptuous brunette, that her friend approached to touch them with a somewhat nervous attitude, the beautiful blonde felt that she was doing something that in a way was inappropriate, especially because she was doing it in a public place in full view of everyone.
"I admit I was very curious about your breasts that night; it was the first time I saw them outside your bra. of course I was very curious about it! And what did you expect me to do? after those outlaws girls made us take off all our clothes. it was inevitable to see each other in our involuntary and forced nudity! I feel so ashamed about it."
"Were you so disgusted that we reached that level of intimacy? I don't understand why you and I have never been together like that before, stripped completely naked. We're supposed to be best friends! That kind of friendship, where trust is mutual and total. And so I must honestly say; I was very impressed to see your body from the moment they made us take off our panties and somehow, I started to enjoy the way we started to see each other, we seemed to like each other so much being with the coat of the wind as our only vestment."
"Please Frida, put your clothes back on, you're embarrassing me!" she said.
"I'm sick of living a farce! That is only making us suffer in vain. Let's learn that adversity can be our ally. And that sinister lady with the coppery, intense eyes, wanted to teach us something very important this afternoon. Come on, do the same as me!"
Natalia felt very nervous and insecure at that memory, everything got worse for her emotions as soon as Angela was mentioned. She didn't want Frida to know how her feelings and passions were radiographed to their deepest roots, by that covert succubus who apparently also had a personal intimate encounter with Frida.
"I didn't understand much of what she told me. Except that you and I, we remained together and something related about listening to you, she said you know what to do."-Said Natalia feigning dementia.
Frida approached her friend to ask her if she really wanted to solve that thing that seemed to torment her so much, it was evident that both needed to face it together and Natalia wanted to end with that ignominious feeling that distressed her, both agreed that they would make a long journey once they finished doing there, that thing they had pending.
"First let's get rid of all this, which gags us to a meaningless stereotype, then we can go find our truth!" -said Frida flaunting her bare breasts to her friend.
"And what is gagging us from seeking our truth? Speak to me clearly, you're not implying that you and I should take away again all our... Not again, Why? It is a one of a kind designer dress. Don't ask me to take it off, at least not here." -Said Natalia.
"The body is a slave to that which is foreign to it, we must free ourselves! I mean this time let's be two women stripping off our clothes as a source of power... let's throw away our guilt, prejudices and attachments in the same act. And now let's do it by our own choice!"
"Frida, it's not right for us to be out there, out of clothes, especially not in front of all those people looking at us. Let's do this in private! It would be nice for me to see you with my cape on. Your breasts are all naked my dear! Come with me home, we'll undress there for as long as you like, will you?" -Said Natalia affectionately, with her distinctive sweetness.
The gorgeous blonde was seeing all her fears materializing in front of her; all the pompous high society ladies judging her, sassy girls in slutty skirts ready to spank her, press photographers ready to make public mockery of the two of them, her own daughters feeling embarrassed and their disappointed husbands demanding a divorce. Natalia felt her beautiful legs stop responding to her, because of the way her own fear was beginning to consume her insides.
"Sweet Natalia. haven't you understood that we have to stop hiding from ourselves! We both deserve better, come on. Get rid of that dress here! You'll feel better as soon as you take it off."
"But I really like my dress! Can we better go home and talk it over calmly? Of course, I wish to accompany you, but simply. I can't take off here, all my clothes! and you shouldn't either. remember who we are!"
"And you know who we really are? I don't know about you, but I really do want to find out." -said Frida inquisitively.
"Of course, I'm very clear about who we are - we have a reputation to look after! We can't just wander over there naked, as two cynical exhibitionists." -Said Natalia phlegmatically.
"You've missed the point, so far is that we are an immediate attribution of who we are or how we are conceived. And in reality, we are much more than merely that limited line of thought."
Natalia was seriously thoughtful after hearing those words, she somehow felt a certain need to feel liberated, mainly from her guilt and all her fears.
"The last time I was naked in your company. I didn't have enough time to savor it in all its grace. You can't deny that you liked it too. Suddenly we didn't need to pretend anything between us. It was magic! The difference is that today, we can choose to do it."
"Sure, I got to enjoy it a lot, but. we mustn't be naked in public! We're going to leave a very bad impression. And then all these people will start saying, we're exhibitionist sluts and other very ugly things, which I find unpronounceable."
" And so, what, if they say so, does it all indicate that we are? And there's nothing wrong with being one. To hell with labels and stereotypes! Natalia, stop worrying about public opinion - don't let the gaze of others define you! We are defined by our actions, and how we feel in here. We have never hurt anyone! Denying ourselves - that's what's hurting us!" -Frida said, placing her right hand on her chest.
Natalia felt a deep confusion inside her. Fear was gaining ground on her feelings.
"Frida, I still feel bad about what they did to us. We were indeed both naked, but we were forced to be naked! And then all that happened to both of us, after being a couple of pieces of meat for those people. It hurts me so much to admit how I feel about it. And I'd hate for you to judge me, after knowing my feelings."
"Honey the things that happened to us, at the time turned out to be so unfair! And indeed, they are! But they showed us a resolute truth of what we both need so badly. And that is; to know ourselves! Today we can embark on that journey, together!" -Said Frida.
"Destiny can and must harmonize with ourselves, everything happens for a reason. When we cross the threshold, everything will be clear for both of us." These words echoed in Natalia's mind, as she watched her friend Frida's conviction for every word she enunciated.
Natalia, let's do it together! Let's start dispelling our doubts, let's leave all these nice clothes behind as a means of letting go of all our fears, and let's take a walk together! There is so much we have to learn about each other." -said Frida.
"But I'm so afraid to do it!" -Natalia exclaimed.
"And I'm so afraid too dear, I couldn't do this by myself! I need you by my side like that night, when you gave me courage! Remember? I was about to break the whole time, if it wasn't for you, we wouldn't have made it! -said Frida.
"Look for your complementary, your other self, who is marching beside you. That's where it's been all this time." -Natalia heard her spirit voice say.
Her blonde presence stood silently reflective, she watched Frida smiling in front of her with that peculiar glow illuminating her intense hazel eyes, returning her sweet and gentle reflection.
"Your own sweetness is a potent force, and you haven't even realized your own power Heart! I want you to help me walk this path that is the path less traveled, so that, at last, we both may awaken. Do you care for those people? When we were both dressed, they kept pointing at us and whispering among themselves about us. As if we were heartless criminals." -said Frida.
"If looks could kill! Couldn't we do this somewhere else? Maybe if we leave here, they'll stop pointing their malice at us." -Said Natalia with a charming naivety in her sweet voice.
"There's no turning back, we must do it here, now! Otherwise, they will never stop pointing their twisted, flaming fingers at us. There, riding from the top of their virtue, To hell with them!" -Frida exclaimed full of conviction as she took off her skirt, and threw it with determined smile on her lips, into that beautiful iron tank.
"Natalia, I ask you to take a leap of Faith by my side. Let's face fear at once! and cross the portal together." -Frida added.
Natalia sucked in air as she closed her eyes, held her breath for a few seconds, saw Frida standing in her tiny black panties at her hips throwing on her stockings, encouraging her to join her and begin to calmly remove, all of her elegant attire so they could set off together for that liberating walk through that mythical section of the park.
"I don't know why I'm agreeing to do this, but what the hell! You're my best friend, I can't leave you alone in this, least of all when we both want the same thing, fuck them all!" -Natalia exclaimed as she threw her violet-colored cape jacket into the deposit, and immediately her delicate hands were unzipping the zipper of the sleek white dress, which slid downward all over her shapely figure, all the way to the floor.
Natalia did not cease to feel oblivious to this sudden change in her behavior, she never even thought that she would be in her tiny lace intimate apparel choosing by herself to shed her new dress, right in the vicinity of the Grand Central Park. She only felt the palpitations of her heart quicken, agitated inside her chest, she did not quite understand the set of emotions she began to feel as she bent down to pick up the exclusive piece of haute couture from the ground, to simply throw it away next to the clothes Frida, had taken off minutes before.
"And to think I wore that dress today to make my day! I can't believe that, right off the bat, I just took it off here and threw it away just like that. What a woman should do, for her best friend!"- said Natalia resignedly after standing up straight after getting out of her dress, and introducing it to the iron deposit.
1.4 The Fortuitous Encounter with Linus and Osmon.
A gentleman of a certain age was passing by just at that moment walking his dog, he found it impossible to believe that right at the foot of that blacksmith's threshold stood a lush brunette in black panties with long impressive legs and her bare breasts, encouraging a pretty blonde who was stepping out of her white dress. He was overwhelmed by the impression he got from contemplating Natalia's rear view, specifically those well-shaped bubble cheeks, in whose slit passed an almost imperceptible line of lace that transformed into a tiny pink triangle at waist level, hiding underneath her delicate garter belt.
That man of distinguished presence, finely attired in a three-piece suit, made of linen in the most refined and classic British style, covered his silver hair with a soft and light straw Fedora hat, and an elegant cane, carelessly released the leash of his Beagle named Linus, who ran off in the direction of the two attractive beauties who were inexplicably undressing carefree, under the gentle gallantry of the pleasant and charming spring atmosphere.
The extroverted hound seemed pleased to witness the extent to which these lovely ladies were performing this peculiar and mysterious act of liberation in the most ancient part of the park.
Linus ran swiftly to catch up with Natalia, she was throwing her dress into the basket with that controversial set of feelings of resignation, a certain uneasiness, and a certain degree of guilty pleasure latent in her being, as she saw herself in her intimate apparel glistening in the afternoon sun. She heard some peculiar barking at her feet and found it impossible to resist the charm of the playful hound panting at her feet, and raising one of its front paws in greeting. It was inevitable for her to bend down to pet the cute little dog that reminded her so much of a Beagle she had in her childhood.
Natalia felt her heart melt at Linus' tender countenance. It was impossible to deny how adorable that scene was to look at, the gentleman calmly directed his steps towards the two splendorous half-dressed beauties, he rejoiced at how right Linus was to run towards them, because that way he could see closely and closely those beautiful bodies radiant with femininity.
Frida was happy to see her friend rejoicing with festive joy at the arrival of that hound and immediately noticed that the elegant gentleman approaching them was in search of his happy and furry companion.
Natalia stood up holding Linus' leash in one of her hands, before she could turn around, that gentleman was delighted with the beautiful symmetry of Natalia's legs and that small gap between her thighs, like a diamond just where her round ass cheeks begins, it was a quick and complete glance at the harmonic anatomy of that sweet blonde who gracefully turned to return his greeting.
Once she was facing him and extended Linus' leash to the man, he was able to perceive with delight the lacy charm of the brief and beautiful set of lingerie, the front of the panties was tiny, the lower part delicately insinuated the lips under the thin transparent fabric where it was also evident that the groomed pubic bush of that cutie, coincided with mathematical precision to the shape of that tiny and delicate lace garment.
He could see that the beautiful nipples with pink areolas were beginning to harden under the lace lining the cups of the delicate bra, while the lovely blonde blushed a little at the fact that she had been caught a few seconds after taking off her dress.
The gentleman made a ceremonious display of politeness as he approached them to greet them and thank them for entertaining Linus, he immediately introduced himself as his manners dictated, his name was Osmon. They did the same by telling him their names after expressing their genuine pleasure in meeting him.
Osmon and Linus made them feel a peaceful aura of great calmness, they did not feel the need to explain anything about the fact that they were throwing their clothes inside that iron basket, after having taken them off.
Natalia and Frida did not expect to feel such a degree of trust with a stranger, given that neither of them was appropriately dressed for socializing. Somehow, they found this unexpected encounter charming and far from embarrassed as they would have been hours before. They both acted charmingly natural, with the captivating grace of their impeccable and gentle manners, as they conversed with the gentleman, who seemed to understand perfectly what they were doing.
After a few minutes of chatting, an atmosphere of serenity and jubilation formed among the three of them. Linus was particularly loving and effusive with Natalia, it seemed like a tender relationship forged in heaven to everyone's delight. Osmon took out of his vest pocket a golden watch with the intention of checking the time and took the opportunity to wind the mechanism. At once he expressed his desire not to interrupt them any longer, for they were about to take a step that very few women had dared to take since 1886, when that gateway was erected.
"As I look at both of you, I think of classical art and I remember something Lesper said: The wrapping never manages to possess all the beauty and magnitude of what it conceals, that makes it a fatuous gesture of egomania."- Osmon said ceremoniously as Linus joined him while he stood up.
Natalia blushed at those words, she began to understand that she and her friend were on their way to finally do the necessary to rid themselves of their ills, she bid Linus an affectionate farewell and thanked Osmon for all his attentions.
Frida approached them intrigued and whispered something in Osmon's ear, who responded very kindly with a whisper, extended a smile and bowed with his hat before retiring, but not before giving her a luminous look that she knew how to interpret very well, feeling full of gratitude.
Natalia was sweetly standing in her baby pink lace lingerie. Which made an exquisite match with her high heels and purse, looking with a certain expression of naivety on her face at Frida who was returning after having said something in secret to that gentle gentleman.
"Why do you see me that way, you know very well, how much I like to combine everything I wear! It's as if you've never seen a woman in her lingerie, and now we're ready to go?" -Said Natalia somewhat surprised turning on her axis to show off the beautiful lace outfit she boasted about wearing outdoors.
Frida found it very amusing that her friend would say that. She closed her eyes for a moment as she smiled, at her friend's sweet and sensual appearance. She couldn't deny the pleasure it gave her to see that beautiful upturned bubble butt adorned with pink lace.
"You look so pretty! But we're just getting started dear. -Said Frida, she removed her tiny black panties, indicating with her nudity to Natalia. That all her ornate and beautiful lingerie should stay there too.
"Okay, I got you!" -She answered her sweetly the blonde resigned to her unavoidable nudity.
Natalia shrugged, with a certain expression on her face of; "Well, at least I tried." Soon she stepped out of the beautiful push up bra thus freeing, her pretty pink areolaed breasts. She smiled a little nervously as she placed her thumbs on the sides of her waistband, gripping the flimsy waistband of the tiny lace panties, which slid with sophisticated smoothness brushing against her stockings, all the way down to her high heels.
She stood upright holding the delicate garments in her hand, before tossing them into the basket made of iron. She blushed a little, as she felt the caress of the wind brushing over her ass cheeks with its brazen freshness, sliding between the symmetry of her legs, leaving a perfumed spring flattery on her golden tuft of pubic hair, which was framed between the straps of her garter belt that held up her stockings.
Frida found it adorably amusing to see the way her friend reacted instinctively, placing her hands on her thighs with a nervous expression on her face at the delicious impetus of the wind brushing intemperately against the now exposed secret of her skin as she unfastened her panties from between her heels.
In other circumstances that gust of wind would have been frisky enough to blow up any skirt or dress that happened to be there. Frida burst into laughter mocking her friend.
The curvaceous brunette could not contain her laughter as she noticed certain demure reflexes in her friend as she tried to protect a dress that, hours ago, she herself had already taken off. And so, she mockingly expressed it to the innocent Natalia, wishing to remind her that they were already naked.
"I don't find it funny Frida! You know very well that these are reflex reactions. I suddenly felt undressed by that strong gust of wind. I'm sorry if I suddenly forgot, I'm out of my dress and my panties. I'm not used to undressing outdoors!" -Said Natalia feeling a little aggrieved by Frida's mischievous teasing attitude, as she deposited her panties and bra in the iron basket.
"It's funny if you look at it this way, just look at us! Indeed, we've already run out of clothes! (laughs)"-Fridia exclaimed.
Natalia grimaced, then unhooked the natural-colored stockings that covered her shapely legs from the suspenders, gently sliding them off one by one. She immediately placed her hands behind her, to unhook the pink lace garter belt that was around her waist. She lifted up her last garments and immediately tossed them into the iron container.
They were very pleased, once they had both deposited all their clothes in that peculiar iron container. The two friends were smiling at each other with that expression on their faces, similar to the joy and exhilaration of a child receiving a new toy. They gazed at each other in silence, glimpsing beyond how they understood themselves and how they looked at each other through their mutual feeling. Once they both chose to be only; two women in the nude.
"Who would have thought that you and I, one day would choose to do such a thing right in this place? Take off all those beautiful clothes we were wearing. It's a real sadness to leave, and to forget them there, abandoned in a basket."-Said Natalia with some regret as she turned the blue of her gaze on that iron basket.
"Don't be mortified to leave it there, we won't need to wear it anymore! You look divine, in one's own skin itself -Said Frida.
Natalia blushed a little at that compliment, and was beginning to get used to the idea of enjoying the fact that she had chosen to stay naked in the middle of the Grand Central Park, it gave her immense peace of mind to do it this time of her own free will in the company of her best friend Frida.
"Can we go now? In view of the fact that we have already undressed completely. It's a little strange, but. I'm starting to like it, the way everyone is looking at us!" -Said Natalia very pleased after feeling liberated. As she stood very elegant and classy in her exclusive and stylish pink high heels Stilettos, holding her matching designer small purse, at the height of her cute shapely thighs. Her attitude indicated how eager she was to leave.
"Natalia, it's all about us taking everything off! Until then, we can go free."
Frida was standing in front of her, she was with her arms crossed showing some inconformity to her friend.
"But we've already taken off all our clothes! As far as I'm concerned. we're already naked! Frida, why are you looking at me like that? -said Natalia naively.
She was left with a hint of sadness as soon as Frida pointed at her, all the pink leather of her ostentatious high heels and her small matching designer purse.
"Natalia, please. understand that we must no longer wear anything! Said Frida as she, herself, was throwing her beautiful black ankle-strap Stilettos and her elegant purse inside that iron container.
"Frida, your Stilettos! I thought if we were going to leave here naked. At least we could do it, showing a little style and class. You and I love shoes! You know they're sexy.
"I know very well, and we're not going to need them either. What are you waiting for? Natalia!"
"Frida! I just wanted to brighten things up with some color. Pink, I find it very sensual, it goes beautifully with my skin! It's just a little glamour! It suits me, now that I'm not wearing any clothes anymore!"
"I'm sorry Natalia! We must free ourselves from all those ties before we cross the threshold."
Immediately Natalia felt a little bitter after resigning herself to dispense with her beloved designer Stiletto pumps and matching tiny purse, the two exchanged glances and promptly shed also all their jewelry and the barrettes in their hair, which descended free below their shoulders after they had waved them in the wind. It seemed incredible the way they rejuvenated their appearance, after stripping completely naked and letting down their hair.
The trash can let out an intense puff of violet colored smoke from inside that began to envelop them, both felt a complex series of emotions sliding all over their skin, as if suddenly an expansion from within was revealed by a pleasant glow running through them with the speed of thought, their heartbeats adopting a melodious rhythm synchronizing with each other, with infinity itself!
The sensation of deep peace flooded them, after a few moments that cloud vanished before the surprised Natalia, who was dumbfounded and began to understand for a moment, the great change that was opening for both of them from that moment on.
1.5 The Gates are opened, the sky is at your feet.
Natalia was glad to see that they were there all that time and simply extended a smile to the man, who responded by bowing with his hat.
Natalia was being watched by Frida who began to scan her first with her eyes, as if she was looking for something else, they both needed to divest themselves of before they left.
"Why are you looking at me like that, we've already taken everything off! It is impossible to have a greater degree of abdication to the material, now we only have on the scent of our perfume. Can we go now? I wish to cross the threshold to walk through this park with you."-Said Natalia excitedly.
"I think we both need to go get a good shave first."-Said Frida pointing with her eyes to the golden glow coming from Natalia's mons pubis, after pointing to her own, a bushy, curly patch of black-colored hair that stood out among the divinity of her lush thighs.
"Why are you asking me that? I like this golden tuft adorning my pubis and your hair bush is very nice in its natural state, I love it! I would like to keep them as they are. Just think, that hair has been there, ever since we stopped being little girls to become women."
"Natalia. can we at least go and get our pussies lightly groomed? Near here there is a very quaint barbershop, where they also serve beer. I've always had a desire to go in there. And since you and I are wanting to try new things. It will be so much fun to see everyone's faces there, as soon as the two of us walk in entirely Nude and very formal through the door, order a beer at the bar and sit down and look at one of those Playboy magazines they have there for the customers, while we wait for the barber to wait on us. "-Said Frida with a peculiar glint in her hazel eyes.
"That all sounds very interesting, we're already out of clothes and it would be such a naughty dare if we dared to enter with just the scent of our perfume in that place for everyone there to see us. But you're forgetting one thing, after throwing away our purses - we run out of money already!"
Natalia was pensive and was beginning to feel uneasy about the financial details, which could become a serious drawback for them in their present condition.
"Frida, what are we going to do now? We have both chosen to stay au naturel, I am fascinated to feel the arrogant caress of the wind on my skin now that I have absolutely nothing on me, and for the first time, both of us. We are broke, totally ruined! After giving up everything mundane of our belongings in that symbolic act, that cloud of smoke indicated that there is no turning back. Literally, we've already been left with nothing!"
"Honey, it's easy if you try. We are now free to define for ourselves what we are! And from now on, such insignificant things as carrying money will not be necessary in our flamboyant condition. Free your mind! Let's cross the threshold and take a walk, in this fullness of the wild beauty of our essential femininity."
Frida looked excited after saying that, she lost herself for a moment in the blue of Natalia's eyes where she said she could appreciate manifesting as in a planisphere; All the divine order.
"New life, new rules and we are going to choose to set them!"
Frida held out her hand showing her silver and obsidian medallion which appeared as soon as an intense glow faded.
"And why do you keep the medallion? I left all my jewelry there, that's unfair." -Manifested Natalia annoyed.
"My grandmother gave me this gem and told me that, if I felt down and needed to find the truth, to wear it, in fact, that made me feel the need to undress here, I felt it guiding me, as if a voice deep inside me, told me that the stone would reveal something to us and that once we shed everything, we would see the truth it has to show us." -Said Frida earnestly.
In the stone was projected the reflection of the two friends at the beginning, in a blink of an eye a ray of light came out in the direction of the threshold where it was projected like a movie to the two beautiful and sophisticated women walking together looking spectacularly regal with that indisputable aristocratic bearing of sumptuous majesty that distinguished them wherever they went, they were luxuriously attired in an ostentatious and elegant way with exclusive author attire, making a waste of class and style endemic.
Both showed a great gentleness and impeccable manners in their human treatment, they were seen to be very generous women with their fellow men, besides feeling and expressing a great love for their loved ones.
Before the smile of the two friends, a cloud of smoke in the image was transmuted into a facade full of brightness and with an interior full of doubts and fears inside its walls, enslaved by the opinion of others and living a kind of endless competition to obtain the approval of a bland grayish sphere totally empty, as they are seen by others. Natalia did not feel very good to see this haughty image, bent on accumulating superfluous luxuries by living on appearance, hiding their passions in an incessant farce that they conceived as their own shame of being who they really should and wanted to be. Thus, forgetting their true dreams.
"It's very sad to see us from here, it's as if we were missing something very important, just when we thought we had everything, it seems as if we were carrying an annoying ballast on our backs and I don't think I like those two we used to be anymore." -Said Natalia.
"And to think you were reluctant to take this significant step, how do you feel now Natalia?"
"Now that I see us without so many adornments and without all that burden, we were dragging, we are liberated, without the need to be wearing all those author's clothes and I feel very pleased, after we have been left with nothing on after having voluntarily renounced to it, I would not know how to describe everything I feel. I just know that now I could do anything I want, and be part of the whole in your company." -Said Natalia feeling liberated.
"If you have it, flaunt it!" -Exclaimed Frida after giving Natalia a hard spank, they both burst into laughter.
The clouds dissipated before them and the candor of the sun caressed their bodies beautifully, the birds trilled and they felt the smile of their spirit blossom before it. Both were standing in front of the threshold of the park, a great desire to cross it invaded them, which they did together, as they walked the first steps, Linus ran to catch them with the intention of escorting them across the threshold and Natalia was very happy to see him again. Once they were on the other side, she bent down again to caress him while smiling at Osmon, that elegant gentleman who was watching them complacently at the foot of the threshold.
After that delicate and joyful gesture, they both watched as the medallion vanished in Frida's palm. She smiled, saying that the jewel was now with the memory of her grandmother, and that it would return when it was needed.
All around her bloomed tulips, sunflowers, Freesias, red begonias, almond blossom, red orchids, white carnations, proteas and Margaritas, Natalia shuddered at the sight and ran at once to see them up close, perched on her knees as she bent down to soak in the floral scent and rejoiced among the daisies.
"Don't you think that Daisies are the kindest flowers ever?" -Said Natalia feeling ecstatic.
Frida watched her rejoicing, Linus returned to Osmon's side, after bidding them farewell with a couple of barks as he wagged his tail effusively. The two of them stretched their arms to the sky waving them in farewell and thanks.
"What a nice and pleasant gentleman Osmon is, how much did he and you secretly say to each other?" -Said Natalia.
"At first I saw him very excited to see us in our panties and asked him to stay close by. I told him that, in just a few minutes, you and I would be gleefully in the buff! And that it would make us feel very honored that he and Linus would be present at this important moment for both of us. I thought it was a nice touch from us to him, to let him watch as we were getting rid of all our clothes until we were completely naked, and then we could say goodbye to them before we left."
"Frida, how could you think of saying such a thing to him! You can see that Osmon is a very serious gentleman."
"He told me that he knew of our intention to cross to the other side, as soon as he saw us here starting to take off our clothes. And if we were really determined to do it, we had to commit ourselves to purify ourselves first, and once we were completely stripped of everything foreign to the body and our spirit.
We would both receive a sign; the doors would open before us and the son of the god Apollo who guards the threshold would appear and escort us. He would appear and escort us across giving us his blessing. And you see, your furry little friend turned out to be the one who came to approve our access! I think he liked you with your gentle little girl soul!"
Natalia smiled at her friend after blushing a little.
"What do you say we go to that barbershop now? I suddenly want everyone to see us with our new makeover." -Said Frida winking at her friend.
"Just this once I'm going to indulge in the craziness of getting a full shave in my pussy, just because I'm intrigued to know what that hot towel and lather on the skin feels like. I think I like the idea of being the only naked women among all those men in clothes. Besides, I like this spicy idea of having a beer in a purely masculine place, while everyone there is wondering why you and I don't seem to feel the need to wear anything on. It makes me a little horny to think about it!"- said Natalia with a special sparkle in the blue of her expressive eyes.
"I too am a little turned on by how challenging it is, to become our true selves, after having exercised together a deliberate and sizzling act of provocation." -said Frida very agreeably after kissing Natalia's lips and caressing her sweetly.
"No labels or stereotypes for us from now on! Remember? We are simply; Two free beings expressing ourselves!" said smiling Natalia winking after patting Frida on her round heart-shaped nice ass."
The two turned to look at each other to find their own reflection in each other's eyes, a blunt truth was made clear to them; manifesting the complete nudity of their voluptuous bodies under the splendor of the sky, as a festive praise of their femininity. It represents a form of power as old as mankind itself can remember.
"Now, let's not look back, there's no point in coming back here! We must hurry, after visiting the barbershop. You and I are going to that club on 54th Street where there is someone who wants to greet us, it will be a nice experience for us to show up tonight; Sky clad!
Natalia looked at her friend and remained thoughtful for a moment, she smiled back and they continued walking.
"Tomorrow we will go to tea with the queen, she is waiting for us with a nice surprise." Frida said smiling.
The two took each other by the hand and began to walk very pleased at the idea of being freed from all the vain ties with the firm idea that: The world can do nothing against a woman who rejoices in singing from her nakedness.
While the twang of their bare feet on the sidewalk, and the radiant smile on their faces, silenced the accusatory voices that at first haunted them. Those sinister flaming fingers, which at first pointed at them causing them so much discomfort, were consumed in their own flames. Natalia felt her exposed skin glowing in synchronicity with Frida, in that fullness of the skin that dances and the curve of the hip that dreams, the two found a way to create their reality.
Natalia gasped ecstatically in her bed under the silky intimacy of her sheets, which hid the activity of her fingers. She woke up shaken by the ringing of the phone, she felt a hollowness inside her. It was already impossible for her to return to that dream, just when it was about to reveal itself to her, the necessary relief of her pain.