Chapter 04 – Preparing for a Special Customer
Dear Reader: This story presents adult situations in graphic detail. It is not suitable for anyone under 18 years of age. The characters and situations in this story are entirely fictitious and any resemblance to actual people, places or events is coincidental.
Bea assisted her good friend Mildred carry her luggage to the lift. They rode down the six floors to the lobby in silence, each immersed in their own thoughts, but when they reached the waiting electro-limo at the curb, the emotional dam burst. As Ivan, the chauffeur, loaded the suitcases into the boot, the two young women wrapped one another in their arms and the tears flowed copiously. Promising to return the visit as soon as she could get away, the smaller of the two bustled her friend into the limo and, in spite of the steady London spring drizzle, stood and watched as it pulled away from the curb toward the train station.
Only then did she shake the droplets from the mass of short curly black hair that surrounded her head and dash back into the narrow lobby of her building. Patty, the plump security guard, remotely unlocked the stairwell door without even waiting for Bachi to say a word. The lithe, long legged girl ran through the lobby, slammed the door open and flew up the stairs, quickly calculating the amount of time she had until that evening's customer was due (too soon) and the time it would take her to properly prepare for him (too long).
Hurrying into the kitchen, Bachi found her large, very black housekeeper at the sink, cleaning the utensils that had been used to prepare the evening's meal. A quick hug around the neck let the older woman know that her efforts were dearly appreciated.
Without turning from her chores, Henrietta said, "There are two individual shrimp cocktails on the top shelf of the refrig. The lamb rack and the parsleyed potatoes are in the oven. Oven's programmed to turn on shortly and then reduce the temperature to warm at 7:30. You might get away with letting it stand for up to a half hour, but, after that, I'm not responsible for what comes out.
If you're in the kitchen at 7:25, you can put the bread in the oven for five minutes to crisp, otherwise you'll have to warm it in the microwave for one minute before you serve it. The asparagus tips are on the second shelf of the refrig and need to be zapped in the microwave for two minutes. Let them sit for three minutes before serving.
The mint sauce for the meat is in the bottom of the refrig along with the sauce for the asparagus. I selected a bottle of 2018 vintage Penfolds Grange to accompany the meal and it should be opened at least five minutes before it is to be served. There is a strawberry compote on the third shelf and you can either serve it over the cheese cake in the bottom of the refrig or the vanilla ice cream in the freezer. Any questions?"
Rising up on tiptoes and kissing her ear, the younger woman exclaimed, "You're the best, Henrietta; I don't know how I could get on without you. I must get myself ready." With that, she turned and hurried out into the hallway.
"I'll set the table before I leave and see you on the morrow," she heard the housekeeper say and quickly responded over her shoulder, "Give my love to your kids!" although even her youngest, Dominique, was certainly no kid – he was six years older than Bachi and towered over her slight frame.
Pausing in the hallway, Bachi changed the channel on the satellite feed that played throughout the flat from the reggae that Henrietta preferred to soft rock and hurried into her bedroom, shedding her clothing as she went. Her thong, stockings and new blouse went into the laundry hamper and her skirt was hung up in the large walk-in closet.
She briefly admired her youthful figure in the mirrored closet doors before padding barefoot toward the en suite. Glancing over her shoulder, she ran her eyes over her long slender legs, taut bum, narrow waist and wide shoulders. "I've been truly blessed," she thought to herself, "I could have been taller and my titties could have been larger, but, on the whole, the good Lord gave me a body to be proud of."
Foregoing a bath due to the time constraints, Bachi opted for a quick shower. She shampooed and conditioned her mass of unruly curls and scrubbed the rest of her with a fragrant body wash and pouf. Quickly toweling herself off, she ran a large toothed comb through her hair to pull out any tangles and left it to dry on its own.
Her wet hair clung to her head in dark little ringlets, but she was resigned to it drying to its usual unmanageable curls. Fortunately, it was healthy, shiny and easy to care for as long as she kept it cut short and she wasn't about to use any of the powerful chemical straighteners that were available.
Plugging in her personal depilator, she slowly stroked the hand-held device up and down each of her legs. The depilator sought out any hair that it came in contact with and a low power laser removed it down to the follicle. The only sensation that she felt was the warmth of the head of the device, but the stench of burning hair assured her that it was performing as intended. The exhaust fan in the ceiling would soon rid the en suite of the offending odor, so she pressed on with her underarms, labia and finally the cleft of her arse.
Next, she used her electric trimmer to neaten the patch of pubic hair just above her prominent clitoral hood that was shaped like a hot air balloon. Previously, she had kept her pubic patch trimmed in a landing strip style, but, after another customer had taken her up in his hot air balloon the previous autumn over South Somerset, she decided to sport a new style in memory of that lovely morning.
Once they had reached 200 feet altitude, she had been lovingly stripped naked and placed on a small footstool facing out of the gondola. A sturdy leather belt had been tightened around her waist and clipped to the rigging, so she couldn't fall and then she was pushed forward until her naked upper torso was hanging over the edge of the basket, a pillow between her belly and the wicker.
The customer and the pilot then took turns taking her from behind while she dangled above the countryside and she enjoyed a number of the most explosive orgasms that she had ever experienced. Just recalling the memories had her heart racing and her pussy dampening.
Plopping herself down on the bidet, she allowed herself to relax as she touched up the polish on her nails. She decided that an enema wasn't necessary; her expected customer had never shown any interest in anal sex in the past and, if he suddenly changed his pattern, she would just insist that he use one of the ridged condoms that she kept in her bedside table. Just the thought sent a shiver of delight down her spine and increased the heat in her groin.
Her yoga training allowed her to curl each foot into her lap where she could easily work on the nails and she was done in no time. Before the polish was even dry, she was standing before the mirror applying her makeup. She didn't use much; when she first hosted tonight's guest, he had insisted that she not wear any at all to accentuate her youthful appearance. On succeeding visits, she had gradually increased the amount she wore, but it still consisted of only mascara, liner and a subtle eye shadow to highlight her big, dark brown eyes and a lip gloss that was just slightly redder than the natural colour of her full lips.
Back in the bedroom, she selected the deGrande perfume that he had presented to her a few visits back and applied the delightful fragrance to the insides of her thighs, between her breasts and to either side of her neck below her ears. She knew from experience that his nose would seek out those sensitive spots and his lips and tongue would provide her with the erotic sensations she adored.
She thought back to previous trysts and allowed her memory to stimulate her damp pussy even further. Her natural musky scent would mix with the perfume to produce an aroma that would be irresistible. That, and the mouth-watering smell of roast lamb that was beginning to pervade the flat, would have him drooling. Bachi was satisfied with her preparations. A quick glance at the clock on the bedside table shook her out of her reverie. She had only ten minutes to dress and he was always prompt.
She started by slipping her muscular legs into a pair of sheer black pantyhose. Smoothing the hose up her legs, she carefully positioned them so her slightly swollen labia protruded through the empty gusset. A few gentle hand smacks and her exposed outer lips began to turn a lovely shade of pink.
Later, she would will her body to engorge them even further until they would almost look red. Her clitoris was hidden within its hood, though it, too, was swelling nicely. Her natural ability to maintain her aroused state allowed her to be prepared for sex at any time.
Reaching into her dresser drawer, she selected a little black top that was no more than a strip of fabric with underwire supports. She slipped the flimsy item over her head and snaked her arms up through it, settling the glossy fabric so the supports fit under her dainty breasts, pushing them slightly together. It still was not enough to call a cleavage, but they did stand out a little further.
When the fabric had adjusted itself to where it fit her torso snugly, Bachi tugged it a little higher. Her firm breasts were naturally positioned high on her chest, but the extra support made them look a little fuller. Spinning around slowly, she carefully straightened the top. The bottom rode just below her breasts and the fabric came to just above her areolas in the front. Her nipples poked proudly out from just below the edge of the material. "I wore bras in school that covered more of me," she thought with a smile.
From her closet she pulled a silky black miniskirt and slid it up over her hose. She thumbed it closed at the waist and slipped into her three inch black patent leather stilettos. Closing the mirrored door she watched as the skirt shrunk to fit itself to the curves of her hips and bum. The mound of her sex was barely noticeable in the front where the skirt began its slight flare.
The heels pushed her bum out a little further than usual and showed her calf muscles a bit more prominently. A minor adjustment to the skirt completed her outfit and she admired how the black clothing accentuated the light tan of her skin, a part of her heritage, even if she was only one quarter aboriginal.
From her jewelry box, she chose two delicate gold rings for the middle and little fingers of her right hand to offset the heavy gold reader ring that she always wore on the middle finger of her left hand. Finally, she added a plain gold bracelet with a band of microdiamonds around it near each edge. The tiny gems were hardly noticeable except for the brilliant flashes of light that they reflected.
The bracelet matched the cross that she always wore on a fine gold chain around her neck. She adjusted the clasp of the bracelet to snug it to her wrist, wanting to prevent it from getting tangled on any item of clothing, either hers or his as they either came off or went back on. She didn't want to chance any awkward moments that could endanger the evening's mood. After she gave her hair a final fluff with her fingers, she had but seconds before he was to arrive.
To be continued.