Prior to the events of Josie McKellen's first period fun...you will figure out why...
********
"Morning Carlos."
"Miss Cherry." Carl Manley looked up from his desk to watch the hottest blond in Nashville walk into his life...his office anyway, technically their office. Eying her dress length as always he merely shook his head.
"What? Too long? I can pin it up."
"Let's not be a Pin Up Girl. Just yet!"
"Mmmm! He's noticing my potential." She bats her eyes at him and sits on the corner of his desk facing him just to his left. He could see panties, at least that was a good sign for today. Luckily for him she had a second pair in her purse after giving Roger Dundee her other pair. A tinkle stop before coming to her cubicle she slipped them on. The woman was prepared for most anything.
"I see you found your key badge."
"Naaa! I tailgated a student in." Said student being Josie's lover boy Reese Teller as she hatched a devious plot, "Hugged him from behind every inch of the way." She grinned, "Yes I did find the card, thank you. I might actually do that tomorrow to Roger come to think of it and say I left my card at home."
"Getting along with my troops I see."
"SIR YES SIR!" She belts out saluting him.
"Wrong hand Counsellor."
"Was it? Oopsie!" A true salute made him grin. "What's on the docket today Chief?"
"Same as usual. Just be available if any of the students need your attention."
"I love it when you talk dirty."
"You know what I mean." He scowled, bordering on a smirk, "I'll say again, start looking over student files and familiarize yourself with the troubled ones. Then, keep your eyes open around them in case you see they need counselling. Majority of these kids won't ask on their own."
"I can see that. Just let me make my rounds like I did yesterday. I find it advantageous to almost become one of the students myself, you know, putting myself in their shoes, getting out there in the halls, even in the classrooms and bonding. If they're happy, you should be happy."
"You call showing off your ass bonding?"
"You shush! Are you peeping? Are we on Candid Camera?" She looked around as if hinting that she knew there were hidden cameras in the school. He merely shook his head and acted normal. "I'm actually surprised the school doesn't have surveillance cameras in case of shootings or vandals and such."
"Jesse told you didn't he?"
"What? Jesse?" She played dumb.
"He said he delivered Chinese to your house last night and that you and Josie...tipped him. I know my boy he can't keep secrets."
"Are we being filmed Carl? Be honest." She taps his chair arm with her left heel's toe.
"Yep!" No denial at least.
"Great! I guess the school orgy is a no go."
"Might be a good idea."
"Having an orgy? Yay!"
"Try not to. But..."
"Ooooo! I like your butt...it is cute. Finish your sentence."
"I do shut the cameras off at 3:30 PM until I get here at 7:45 every day to conserve power."
"Do you truly?" She winced doubting him, "You might miss the good stuff. You should leave them running. Hint! Hint!"
"What I don't know won't be on me." Her suggestion however did make him consider the possibilities.
"So, you didn't hear about the fountain incident outside from students...you saw it on camera."
"Both actually! You caught me."
"No...you caught us. Why do we still have jobs?"
"I erased the footage you can relax." After he saved a copy for himself that is. "Of course, it is hard for me to erase cell cam footage unless it's my own. Might want to ponder that."
"That doesn't answer my question Carlos."
"Have you noticed something? Not a single student has ratted you sl...ladies out?"
"You wanted to say sluts. Just say it...we really are." She grew bubbly with pride, "And, I hadn't noticed really, of course it is early in the game." She did sense loyalty but as spoken, too soon to be certain.
"True! Somehow I don't think your fans are going to want to see you leave. You or Josie."
"She knows about the cameras too. Wait! That means you saw what...oh crap!"
"You and Reese Teller eating Josie out? Yep! Even Josie and Roman playing pogo dick."
"CARL! OH MY GOD! Why do we have jobs? Level with me. Jesse said you were a voyeur. You...liked watching us didn't you?"
"Pleading the fifth and drinking that fifth right after I clock out." He settled back into a slouch.
"I'm...speechless. Carl...you know it's going to get worse right?"
"I know that. Just don't..."
"Get caught?"
"Stop!"
"What?" She looked confused, "You don't want to talk about this more?"
"No. I said...don't stop."
"Seriously?" Her eyes bulge. "I think I love you."
"Don't get caught by the wrong people either. I think you know who you can trust and who might object. I wouldn't do anything around the older faculty members, people like Elsa, Ben Voorhees, Lynette Holmes. Those folks might report you."
"Ruth Dunbar is retiring. She's seen my antics. Somehow I don't fear her turning me in."
"Hasn't said a word to me. Until she does, I'm not stopping you gals. Just be careful."
"I knew I was going to love Horton-Dexter. Carl? Do you want to lick my pussy? You really turn me on right now." She giggled and lifts her skirt peeling her panties aside to show a very wet snatch.
"As inviting as that looks...I'll pass." He did admire her tight labia, shocked by it's proportions to be honest, considering how sexual she seemed to be.
"Jesse said you were really devoted to your wife." She pulls herself together by brushing out her skirt honoring his wishes. "That's really sweet."
"Watching things is better for all involved. Oh, for the record? There's no camera in Detention. When the board shut the third floor down save for Detention I moved the cameras to other areas. So be careful up there."
"Gee thanks! The one place that probably needs cameras due to troublemakers and you pull the feed."
"Budget cuts lead to more useful resources."
"So where aren't there cameras?"
"Restrooms. Locker rooms. Third floor like I just said. Rooftop. Certain areas of the gymnasium. Pretty much only on the school grounds outside and the entrances. One trained on my office door because I wanna know if any jokers vandalize my home away from home. Not in here though."
"Hallways?"
"Of course! Most halls anyway, there's a few corners they don't capture. As I said not on the 3rd. floor. Very few classrooms are without a watchful eye."
"Obviously Josie's. How does she not know about any camera in her room?"
"Well hidden. Not telling you where." He chuckled.
"You like watching Josie don't you?" Scrutiny in her gaze made him lift his brows, but otherwise he was unreadable. That of course, did not prevent an admission.
"Always have. Especially when she and Roman do it in his office. Recently her classroom."
"Oh hell. How does Roman not know?"
"Not the brightest fella between you and I. Too many head on collisions when he played football back in the day. Don't ruin it for Josie. She enjoys herself and Roman's a good guy."
"My lips are sealed, unless I get horny. Then, they go wide." She winks, "Teacher's lounge?"
"Yep! It's interesting that you've been able to get through to Mimi Alexander."
Wincing at his interest she smirks, "You have a Squeaky crush, don't you Carl?"
"She's a firefly cutie. If you bring out that girls inner slut, I'll give you a raise." He laughs. "You didn't hear that."
"She really is adorable. I saw something in her right off. Give me time I'll have her whipped into slut mode. She's already opening up. You know what this little thing is?" She shows him Mimi's silver bullet remote that she had slyly apprehended earlier. Studying it he shrugs. "Alice is wearing a tiny egg shaped vibrator up inside Wonderland. Trigger pushed and she's smiling bigger than her Cheshire cats at home."
"No shit! Can I borrow that?"
"Nooo! My pussy." She giggles, "You got cameras in her Art class as well right?"
"I do."
"Then you just watch that footage by days end. What about in the cafeteria?"
"There is one in there too. In case there's a food fight."
"Alright! Welp? There's the first period bell. I...hold that thought Carlos." She noticed a girl walk by that she recognized from Josie's first period class, the one lone underaged girl Tiffany Edwards. Scurrying out into the hallway Carl merely winced with concern. What was Piper up to now?
Halting Tiffany in a surprise attack that became playful to relax the blond, she pulled her back into Carl's office, then to her cubicle. A quick explanation of a random test she approached Carl in whispers, "Can you keep Tiffany out of Josie's class just today? Is there any Psyche tests that she can take? I know when I was in college studying we had to randomly take those."
"I'll take care of it. I know where to find one online and print one out. I have your back."
"You're awesome. Thank you. Time for me to mingle. Keep your eyes open Carlos...it's gonna get sexy." She winks standing up to leave then peers at her desk, "Ummm? Carl? You did tell me you didn't have a camera inside our office, correct?"
"Yes, why?"
"Just checking. I might have misbehaved at my desk yesterday." She chuckled recalling the lessons she gave Dirk Finley on how to eat out his girlfriend Megan while sitting on her desk yesterday. Obviously Carl had no idea on that one. Mums the word.
Tiffany Edwards sat there totally confused by what was happening. Luckily Carl made her more relaxed. M&M's worked like a charm. Printing out the test took forever.
********
Prowling the halls to make herself useful Piper looked in on a few classrooms on the first floor. Knowing the elder Faculty member's would be a threat to her flamboyant personality she steered clear of them. Especially Lynette's Home Economics class. "No easy bake ovens for this Barbie." She took one look in at Lynette's dull teaching style then turned heel and ran. First floor classes seemed lifeless, but it was early in the morning and everyone was still trying to wake up. She knew Dewey and Roger would be fun but she had already interfered in their classes. Fresh blood was what she craved, "Damn! Second floor is where the action is." Up she went. Once reaching the top of the stairs she took her heels off and left them by the stairwell for silence sake. Stealth mode just seemed like fun especially today.
Peeking into Josie's closed door she witnessed her bestie being ravaged by some girls. "Well now, good thing I stopped Reese on the way in and had him warn the other classmates, I'd be hijacking Tiffany so they could have fun breaking down Josie's walls. Bitch better thank me after she comes down from any multiple orgasms."
She truly had no idea how far this would go, but had faith in Reese after yesterday, that and how much Josie bragged about her students being so cool. "I must have turned Josie on to girls. Where's her penis butter cup Reese?" Not a single boy was in her field of sight at the moment, giving the girls space. "Good thing I pulled Tiffany aside and gave her a Psyche test or Josie would not be that overrun by tongues. You go girlfriend. Oh! Spoke too soon there's Buttercup." She spotted Reese with his dick out, "Mmmm!" All it took was seeing other boys move in around Josie and her feasting fem's to feel her presence was no longer required. Off she went.
Wanting to go straight to taunt Mimi Alexander with the bullet trigger she held off a bit longer to catch the girl off guard when she least expected it. Instead she stepped further down the hall to Kevin Fowler's Spanish class. Standing in the doorway she observed Kevin at his black board writing words in Spanish. Behind him his students yawned and had their heads in their hands. "Dang Kevin, you may need a Mariachi band to get these Muchacho's from taking a siesta. Bueller? Bueller?" She giggled. "Time for me to play Anna Ferris Bueller."
Deciding to rescue the kids as much as Kevin himself, she marched right in with hands on her hips, "Despertar a la mierda." She belted out loudly making everyone including Kevin jump. "¿Quién quiere ver mis bragas?" Not a single student understood her. Only Kevin who bulged his eyes behind his thick rimmed glasses picked up on her dramatics.
He quickly realized that he was the only one who seemed to be grasping Piper's exceptional Espanola. Otherwise every boy there would have raised more than their hands at her offer to see her panties. "Damn! Not even one Taco lover? I feel so unwanted." She chuckled with her hands to her sides like wings, "Let's try this again." She switches from English back to Spanish, "¿Quién quiere verme quitarme las bragas y dejar que tu maestro las huela?" Kevin Fowler nearly fainted, his face whiter than the chalk dust in his hand.
"I would." A girl mused laughing.
"You understood what I said?" Piper winced.
"Si. Creo que seria divertido."
"Wouldn't it?" Piper laughed. The girl said it would be funny.
"Is this your only straight A student Kevin?" Piper pointed at the girl, "Still getting acquainted with the students. What's your name Chica?"
"Willow Treece."
"Seriously? We might have to hang a piñata from your name." The whole class chuckled, all of her life people had teased her over her name being so close to Willow Trees. Looking back at Kevin, Piper winked, "There's our piñata let's beat him with a stick and see if he's full of it."
"Counsellor? You're..."He started shaking uncontrollably, ..."disrupting my class."
"Am I? The snores coming out of this classroom sounded like a swarm of killer bees crossing the border. "Mostrar algunas bolas amigo." Again only Willow understood and expressed a queer look, "Ewwww!"
"That was uncalled for Counsellor Cherry." He grimaced.
"No te estaba diciendo que mostraras tus bolas literalmente." Meaning, "I wasn't telling you show your balls literally." She had basically told Kevin to get some balls.
"Regardless, may I ask why you are here?"
"Someone has to wake the bebés." She leers at the students pointing at her tits, "Amamantando a alguien?"
"What did she say?" A boy looked at Willow.
"She asked if any of us babies wanted to breast feed." She giggled. Every hand in the class went sky high.
"Is that what I said?" Piper expressed shock, "Oopsie! Not today I'm afraid." Piper disappointed them, she of course knew exactly what she said, "Who besides Willow can tell Mister Fowler there in Spanish, that he thinks my burro is cute?" Better burro than ass considering.
"I'll try..." A boy named Dillon chimed in, "El burro contemplente SEXXXXXXYYYY!" He went full on accent to rounds of laughter, as well as donkey calls.
"Nice try." Piper puckered her lower lip impressed by his attempt. Anyone else wanna give that a shot?"
"Me correría en tu culo." Spoke another boy with a sly grin telling her he would love to cum on her ass. Shot's fired it was a Sexican standoff.
"Come again?" She smirked as the class busted up, "What are you teaching your students Kevin? You better tell Zorro there to wash his mouth out before I carve a Z in his tongue with his dull blade." She winked at the boy and made a hand to ear motion mouthing "Call me."
"That's quite enough Victor." Kevin scowled.
"Say it in Spanish Kevin."
"Eso es suficiente Victor." He applied his trade with a grimace.
"Never enough! Trust me." She whispered back at Victor. "Anyone else wanna try?"
The class suddenly came alive in Spanish that was actually pretty well spoken. She nodded her appreciation. With a hand motion toward Kevin she gave him the floor. "All yours Poncho Viva. Oh, wait! Can I borrow you a minute?"
"I suppose." He frowned and followed her out into the hallway, halfway between his class and Mimi's Art class.
"Sorry about that. I was just trying to revive your class. I'm not telling you how to teach all I'm saying is...do things to liven it up more. Make them wanna learn Spanish. Maybe bring in a sombrero and use it as a dunce cap, you don't have to wear it, but you would look adorable. Wear a poncho or something to make them chuckle and feel as if you're one of them. Trust me it all helps. Just...try being artistic." A sly pinky point toward Mimi's art class emphasized her true intentions. She then opened her other palm to reveal something to him.
Poising the tiny pink remote belonging to Mimi she handed it to Kevin who looked clueless. "Do me a favor? Press that button and hold it to the count of five." Confused by her expectation he just shrugged and pressed it. Hearing a loud shrill yelp out of Mimi Alexander, Piper recited, "Un dólar, Dos dolares, Tres dólares, Cuatro dolares, Cinco dólares. Yep! She still has it in. Roger owes me mucho dinero. Have fun Kevin. I'll buy you a pop at lunch with Roger's money." She stepped back toward Josie's classroom door to watch the festivities within.
Standing there Piper heard Mimi Alexander yell out, "I HATE YOU." Mimi making the journey into the hall swiftly walked over to Kevin and snatched the remote from his hands. "Not you Kevin. HER!" She then returned to her classroom door but paused to look back at a stunned Kevin Fowler. Fidgeting she stepped back to Kevin and took his hand, passing the remote back to him. "I trust you Kevin." Mimi no more than went back into her classroom than Kevin pushed the button again and smiled brightly.
She squealed really loudly making her own class laugh and await the next round of squeaks. Strangely timed, Kevin also heard Josie McKellen cry out at an incredibly accepted orgasm thanks to Reese Teller. Looking at the remote he wondered for a moment if Josie had a bullet in as well. As silence returned Piper looked at him with an index finger to her lips. He was more interested in Mimi anyway.
Kevin Fowler grinned, "Te amo Mimi." His heart was racing. So was Mimi's. Different reasons altogether.
Piper? She kept track on her watch for the countdown. You already know the results.
********
After dealing with Josie upstairs Piper Cherry left her bestie panting...the day was moving into a darker territory far faster than predicted.
"Alright! Head for the showers you Goofballs."
Coach Roman Crandell whistled as his hour of torment ended. Filing downstairs toward the locker rooms in rapid procession his students emptied the gym. Roman himself going to his office to get away from a massive headache he had accrued at intervening far too often when certain students tended to pick on the lesser humans as they considered them. People like say...Travis Herbert.
As the class stripped down and hit the showers Travis Herbert found himself lagging behind in getting undressed. Reeling from harassment on the gym floor by too many less than friendly punks, he was worried that showering with them might be against his better judgment. He was right! Still, he went ahead and got naked and began to get up to make his journey into the bowls of hell. However, in passing a center row of lockers he was jumped. Everything went black as he was surrounded by multiple boys still dressed from the opposite side of the barrier. Planting Trav's own underwear in his mouth to silence him and another three pairs over his head blinding him the group of boys carried him as quietly as possible out of the locker room. Travis was no match for them.
Finding any struggle against them futile due to their strength, he was hauled back up into the gymnasium and onto the sidelines of the basketball court. With nobody of authority around in the lull between gym classes they had the perfect opportunity to accomplish their mission.
Taking him to the bleachers they sat him down and tied his legs outstretched wide and his hands branched behind him to appear as if he had swagger. A hand full of shoelaces made good ropes. Once bound tight the group backed off, calling in a girl named Brittany who cringed at her mission but regardless fulfilled it. She jerked Travis off until he got nice and hard. Sadly it did quiet him down even under such conditions. Travis really was a perv. Knowing time was running out for the bell to ring they all dispersed in different directions, back to the locker room or elsewhere, leaving Travis fighting to get free of his bonds. He sat there alone for five minutes, somehow remaining rock hard.
At the bell he heard a flood of voices from the locker room coming upstairs to head toward their next class. Discovering him the infiltrators joined those unaffiliated in the dastardly deed, bursting into uncontrollable laughter. Not one student went to inform either Coach Crandell or Coach Ruth Dunbar. This shit was just too hilarious to ruin. Cellphones from every angle captured Trav's torment. Most laughed even harder at the fact Travis was still boasting a rock hard woody. Sick bastard! He couldn't help it, he could hear girls.
From the other end of the court came the sounds of a multitude of said young ladies, the more voices he heard only made poor Travis harder, even under stress. He felt cursed. Once the girls joined in the roar of laughter he gave up and just tilted his head back embracing his personal hooded darkness, defeated and mocked for all eternity. He knew he had no options but to await release.
"Travis?" He heard a familiar voice, "Oh my god! Who did this to you?"
"SAHBL?" He mumbled. Worst nightmare ever. Hearing his hardcore crush was mortifying, yet sadly that erection grew darker in hue. She had that effect on him.
"I'm here. Help me untie him you assholes." She reacted with despair leaning in front of him as if torn on how best to untie him with all the knots. Behind Sable McKellen stood multiple cell cameras recording the unfortunate show, not one person offering to help rescue him. The bad part was it looked as if Sable was giving him head from behind as she couldn't decide where to begin releasing him. At the moment her heart led toward comforting and masking his nudity the best she could. She had no idea that she was being humiliated herself. Hearing a bell ring the crowd refused to leave until this was all over. It was just too funny.
With the bell ceasing its wail the thunder of laughter finally reached the ears of Roman Crandell in his office. Jumping from his seat he met with an equally confused Ruth Dunbar on the way up, both wondering what the hell was going on. Jaws dropping, they spot Sable doing her best to untie Travis to no avail. Ruth held the students back demanding all cell's be put away. As if they listened.
"I'm trying Travis. I'm trying. The shoestrings are double knotted." Sable grew teary eyed trying not to notice his raging hard on. Each brush against his legs made him tilt his head back further. Going from knot to knot in hopes of finding one she could untether, her elbows touched his penis albeit briefly in her panic. With Ruth demanding the kids go to class, Roman joined Sable by bringing out a pocket knife to cut him free. Before he could even extend the blade Travis Herbert was heard groaning. Paused by his tensing body Roman reached over Sable to warn her to stand back, his palm accidently touching her right tit. She didn't even react to his obvious mistake. Realizing his accident Roman grit his teeth telling himself, "I'll never be able to explain doing that to her Mother."
Before either he or Sable could escape Travis literally jizzed all over himself. Drooling cum made Sable whine as Roman placed his earlier palm over her eyes. Roman grossed out by the boy's uncontrollable response, obviously to the fact Sable was so near huffed his cheeks. "Sable? I need you to step away so I can cut him free. Please!" She refused forcing him to growl a more threatening response.
"Get out of here." Roman ordered. She shook her head negatively.
"I'm not leaving Travis." Seeing her determination to be there for him Roman severed the boys ankle bonds, avoiding droplets of jizz on his legs, then moved up in behind him.
"WHAT THE HELL?" A female voice yelled from the gym doorway.
"PIPER!" Sable bawled and looked horrible. Seeing her misery Piper Cherry kicked her heels off and raced to her side, holding her until Roman had the boy free. Even Piper shed a tear at the emotions all around her. Ruth Dunbar was a rock, but even she fought a moistness in the corner of her eye.
"There!" Roman cut Trav's final wrist binding free letting him set up straight, allowing Travis to rip the underwear off of his head, then dragging his own briefs out of his mouth to a sickening expression.
"MOTHERFUCKERS! THIS IS WAR!!"
Roman could understand his anger, not that he believed the boy stood a chance against anyone. Looking at Sable and Piper, Travis cringed and covered his junk. "Those are my underwear." He stood up wobbly then reached for his briefs on the bleacher at his feet and quickly put them on. Once attired he sighed, "This sucks."
"Go get dressed Kid. I'll go stand guard outside just in case." Roman patted the boy on the shoulder and followed him from the bleachers. A snapped scowl toward Piper concluded the sorrow. "Might wanna shower off." Further high pitch cursing was heard. Students incoming for their own gym class snickered as he passed them by. It took Roman to bark, "ENOUGH! All of you yahoo's go sit on the bleachers until he's done." Some felt sad for Travis, others mocking him for jizzing saying things like, "He's not done! Pervert!" Ready for battle Travis clenched a fist but Roman intercepted a swing. "Easy Trigger! Go get cleaned up." With Travis back inside the locker room the students filed back up into the gymnasium.
"Why do they go so far?" Sable held Piper tightly, sobbing on her shoulder.
"I'll find out who did this. I promise!" She sighs noticing students grossed over Trav's leftover pools of jizz on the bleacher planks. Cruelty continued even now as boys attempted to wrestle with others in trying to rub their faces in the mess. Nobody bothered to clean it up. It took Ruth Dunbar to settle them down and make certain they avoided any further antics.
"Start with Corey Samson. He put Travis upside down in the garbage earlier." Sable was still feeling bad for laughing over it. After this stunt there was no more humor in his misery.
"Alright, I'll begin there. Why don't you go with Ruth there and dry your eyes. I'm going to go call Kelly and have her come get Travis. He's had enough humiliation for one day." Piper passed her into the capable hands of Coach Ruth. Once out of range Piper had to shake her head. "Sad I know, but that was pretty funny. Why me? My second day and I'm stuck calling a parent to come get their kid, deal with Detention, then a bunch of Cheerleaders later tonight. Full plate and I'm not even hungry."
Waiting on Travis to come upstairs fully dressed it was like Dead Man Walking, a sudden silence merely found eyes watching him in passing. Piper sneered at the congregation as she joined Travis, holding his shoulders with concern. "I'll walk with you to the Principal's office. You will be safe there. I'm really sorry Travis. I swear I'll get to the bottom of this."
"No you won't. Nobody can stop this shit but me. Don't worry I don't own a gun. Squirt gun I guess."
"You've squirted enough for one day." She smirked, "Sorry! Bad timing." He merely rolled his eyes.
Finding Carl just now excusing poor Tiffany from her Psych test only made Piper feel that much worse. Apologizing to Tiffany as they passed by one another Tiffany giggled. Pausing a moment Piper winced, noticing the girl's cellphone. On it was a video of Trav's ordeal. Tiffany realizing her mistake shut the cell off. Piper just knew this was going to be one hell of a week.
"What happened?" Carl winced at their approach. Piper began to tell Carl that she had just left Josie's room upstairs after her first period insanity but bit her tongue about that part. It was irrelevant at the moment.
"I was on my way to get Tiffany. I heard loud laughter from the gym and found Travis..."
"Assholes jumped me." Travis found it hard to look Carl in the eye.
"I'll call your Mother." Piper stepped away leaving him with Carl to look up Kelly Herbert's number without just asking Travis. She wanted him to calm down and let a man handle him for now. Carl listened intently to his story and offered his own advice to just let him handle it. After a swift search Piper found her number and dialed it.
Still outside in her front yard spreading mulch around her flower bed, Kelly heard her cell and answered it. Listening closely to Piper she held a have over her mouth. Weeping she told Piper she was on her way.
The drama kept the office quiet. Piper and Carl leaving Travis with the the women in the main office took charge by checking with Corey Samson in his shop class, alongside his Teacher Damon Rice, it was clear that the boy had nothing to do with the gym incident. Sad however that both Corey and Damon drooled over Piper while she and Carl dealt with them. Piper was flattered even though she tried to appear professional. Other boys in the shop made wolf calls right in front of Piper, which led her to slyly hike the back of her skirt without being obvious. While she got attention, Carl gave them Detention. Either way the tension was thick.
Piper wincing at Carl's wisdom merely thought, "Oh, yeah let's send the wolves right to my doorstep." Of course, she thought about it further and actually smiled. "Awoooo! Back at ya boys."
On the return trek to the office, having left Travis in the care of Martha Talbot one of the school's receptionists, Carl chuckled, "Now you know what I said about this school being full of relentless thugs."
"I get it. Let me get to taming said thugs. I'm new and they haven't met Hurricane Piper yet."
"No, but the wind does kick up your skirt enough as it is Counsellor Hurricane, I saw that back in the Shop Class. Need me to send you help during Detention?"
"Don't you dare. I have to show the wolves I'm not afraid of them. Let them howl. This will be my Kevin Costner moment."
"Alright! Your dance card! Don't say I didn't warn you."
"Don't say I didn't warn you, Buddy Boy." She winked. "Force to be reckoned with Carlos."
"I don't doubt that for a minute. Keep impressing me."
"Oh, you can bet on that. I have five bucks to wage." She giggles. "Don't ask."
Martha Talbot interrupts them at the office door with Travis right behind her sulking. "I just buzzed Mrs. Herbert in through the front door, If you would like to meet with her."
"Thanks Martha." Carl acknowledged her then claimed Travis with a light squeeze to his shoulder. "I know you just got back from being suspended, but take three days off and let us figure out who nabbed you. Sorry to say, but Corey Samson doesn't appear to be a part of it."
"He wasn't? It had to be...they all hate me...it could have been anyone. I...Miss Cherry?"
"Yes Travis?"
"Can you tell Sable I...I'm sorry I...you know."
"Jizzed?"
"Piper?" Carl growled. Martha scowling took her leave before it got ugly.
"Well, he did. Right in front of her." She whispers with her back to Travis. "You just know the students put him online by now." She hadn't mentioned Tiffany's cell as knowledge, preferring to keep Travis relaxed, until now. "Probably a couple hundred views."
"He'll never top your views."
"Wait! What? I have views? Of what?" They ignored him, further bantering over Piper's own video franchise.
"Of everything you do. Be lucky the board is too ancient to know how to look for things like that. Pornstar!"
"Pornstar?" Travis darts his gaze from one adult to the other.
"Awww! Thank you Carlos."
"There's Mrs. Herbert." Carl nods watching Kelly hurry to join them. Her braless chest dancing from side to side in her worry. Carl had to clear his throat, finding it hard not to stare. Nipples were drilling their way through her tossed about loose tank top. Not only that but her ripped jeans were...strategically shredded you might say.
"Are you alright Travis?" She stormed her son hugging him tightly to her chest. He turned beet red but remained smothered. Piper tried not to smirk, but she knew Travis was enjoying the moment a bit too much. Hey! The woman did breast feed him as an infant, so it wasn't that shameful. Piper furthered that mental note by thinking about what she said in Spanish earlier concerning the topic. Noting Carl eying Kelly's chest a tad longer than he should Piper tapped his bicep to break his trance.
"I told Travis to take three days off to give us time to investigate his ordeal. The school won't tolerate this kind of thing. Those taking part will be expelled."
"Just expelled?" Kelly looked sad, "This should be..." Trained to not speak up to a man by her Master, Kelly sighed, "...fine! It is what it is. Come on Travis lets go."
"If you need anything Kelly, you know where I live." Piper offered, "Oh, Travis? I'll tell Sable what you asked me to."
"Thanks Miss Cherry."
"Stay tough Buddy." Carl added as they walked away. Kelly's ripped jeans were certainly over any dress code violation, but now was not the time to bring it up. Instead Carl watched her ass cheeks expose quite vividly as she wiggled down the hall. Piper smirked at his expression and used a fingertip to dab the corner of his mouth.
"That's professional."
"Just seeing them out." He swatted her annoying finger away as she snickered.
Third period bell ringing let them know the time as they walked toward the exit, students pouring out of their classrooms to spot Travis. Over a dozen boys made jerking off motions right in front of Kelly. Before even Carl had in watching Kelly, Piper saw the harassment and stormed after them. Pointing at one boy after another. "DETENTION! DETENTION! DETENTION!..." The boys chuckled at her saying, "We'll be there." Jocks!
In Piper's defense a number of other boys jumped at the chance to look bad and began pushing those offenders. It became a minor skirmish. It took Carl to intervene offering more Detentions. Piper was thrilled. Haunted by the ordeal Kelly shielded her son yet, didn't hurry them out.
Once the band was broken up and everyone headed to their follow up class Carl and Piper stood discussing next moves. Near the turnstile Angus Furlong and four buddies watched Kelly and Travis decide to finally begin their walk out. Travis knew his Mother was what they were ogling, not himself. So, his flipping everyone off went unnoticed.
"Holy crap! That's the pervert's mommy?" Toby Mellon chuckled, "We might need to check her out one of these days." An evil grin established itself. It became contagious. Angus hearing his friends lust actually went from a smirk to a frown. Sure she was smoking hot, but something else was bothering him at the moment. Mood swing? For some reason Dakota McKellen was on his thoughts.
"Good riddance Nerd." A boy named Hoyt, separate from the jock dock, spoke under his breath. Texting someone on his phone he let it be known that the Herbert's were just now leaving.
Letting Travis go through the turnstile first Kelly accidently dropped her car keys on the floor and bent over to pick them up. In doing so her ripped jeans shredded a bit in the ass revealing a shadow between her cheeks. Whistles made her linger for a moment before standing up. On the other side of the turnstile it actually looked as if Travis was looking down his own Mother's sagging tank top. Not actually, but it did look that way.
A thunderous grumble behind the cadre of wolves found Carl Manley offering a few more Detention slips. No Biggy they planned on detaining themselves anyway. With his appearance scolding her charming fanbase Kelly took her leave, trying not to smile. For her son's sake only. Within her thoughts Kelly had another opinion.
"For you Sir."
Her Master Dominic Black would have been proud.