'I don't know about this' was the phrase that kept running through my head, and just what the hell was a hotwife convention? I mean, there was a convention for this fetish? Studs flocking to this convention just to fuck wives shared by their husbands?
At this point, having shared my wife with many men I was hardly king of the high road but I always wondered about the source, our neighbors, Ken and Jenny, who were happily led to the kinkiest stuff they could get into.
I know, you're thinking that for all intents and purposes I'd become Ken but I wanted to think I was slightly above where he lived. I know. I'm out of my mind. To prove it we accepted the invitation to go to the hotwife shindig with them.
We even agreed to share a room with them, a two room suite with two king beds, a convenient swapping set up. Ken's idea for more Suzie but not such a bad deal for more Jenny either.
I just had the feeling, not a bad feeling, but a feeling that things might get complicated. I get these gut feelings and I used to ignore them but I've learned to pay attention.
Flying out, our seat assignments got messed up and we ended up in coach in a three seat row, the middle seat occupied by a man in his thirties. Now most of the time you might ask the person if they minded switching seats because we were together.
Seeing I was about to ask him, Suzie derailed my request. Hmmm, I knew where this might be going. Even so, he picked up, based on our banter, that we were together and offered to switch seats.
"Oh no," interjected Suzie, "we're not together, we just met at the boarding gate."
I was close to saying something but she gave me 'the look' again so I stopped myself. I began to think I was either the greatest husband a nymphomaniac could ever have or the biggest sap on the planet. I wasn't sure which.
As we settled in for the takeoff the three of us were quiet.
After we'd gotten in the air and removed our seatbelts I noticed Suzie adjusting her clothing. I couldn't quite tell because of the armrests but it seemed like she had partially hiked up her skirt and then pulled the tray table down to cover her peekaboo.
Before the table covered it she left enough time for her neighbor to see the white of her panties edging out. Then her right arm seemed to be moving under the tray. He noticed that too and lowered his own tray table. Hmmm.
As the old saying goes, this was 'not my first rodeo', although it might have been his. She had hooked and reeled him in quickly. If there were a master class in seduction she would have taught it.
As she touched herself she made small, almost imperceptible, sounds of satisfaction and he didn't miss a second of that. Not sure what to do he was frozen but she helped him find his way by taking his hand and guiding it to her wet panties. I watched her do this and looking down I watched the growing bulge in his pants. He was all in and under her spell.
I just wondered where it was all going. Suzie loved the chase as much as the act itself but obviously the options were few. He might get her off and it would be over or they may shoot for the mile high club. I had no idea what was available beyond the obvious two seats next to me.
"Excuse me," said Suzie to the passing flight attendant, "I'm a little cold. Do you have a small blanket?"
"Sure," she said, popping open one of the upper bins and producing a blue flannel blanket.
Suzie put the tray table back and spread the blanket over her lap and then, with what I'm sure was a simple gesture of goodwill, she offered to share it with her new fly buddy. He, having a modicum of imagination, could see where this was going and readily accepted her selfless offer.
Then, as I expected, he undid his pants under the blanket and left his pole available to Suzie, who readily went to work jerking him and conversely his hand resumed manipulating her juicy clit.
They jerked each other until Suzie came with mouth open and a low moan escaping her orgasmic body. Fly buddy was close as well but had what I considered a logistical problem...cum.
Leave it to Suzie. She went under the blanket and gave him head until he came in her mouth and she swallowed all the evidence of their good time. Other than the head bobbing I didn't see it but I heard it.
All of this and we hadn't even gotten to the convention yet. In case you were wondering, yes, Ken and Jenny were on the same flight but, in first class, missed all the Suzie action in coach. Ken would certainly be turned on by a retelling of the story.
I saw fly buddy hand Suzie a business card and she put it in her purse. As we stood to deplane he asked if he could see her again. She got creative and said, "I'd better not because my husband gets jealous."
"Oh, you're married? I thought you...where is your husband now?"
With absolute earnest she said, "He's up in first class with his girlfriend."
To this, fly buddy looked completely confused and a look of befuddlement crossed his face that never faded as he disappeared into the hundreds of people hurrying to other terminals.
"Did I get demoted?" I asked her, tongue-in-cheek.
"No, silly," she said laughing. "I was being just weird enough to end the conversation. It seemed to work."
We met up with Ken and Jenny in baggage, caught a cab and headed for the hotel. Ken chose the place well since it was right across the street from the auditorium hosting the convention.
Just moving among the people in the lobby gave you the feeling of common purpose. All eyes wandered, a whole lot of them in the direction of Suzie and Jenny. These were, after all, hotwives so there were some exceptional beauties literally everywhere. It was enough to give you a permanent walking woody.
After settling in we went right to the auditorium floor and checked out the numerous vendors, stages and anything else having to do with sharing your hotwife with other men. On the surface you might think, 'Well how much could there possibly be to sell/entertain couples going down this path?'
The answer was surprisingly a lot.
Lingerie, toys, hookup referrals, hotwife porn sites, live performances???, sponsored room parties, hotwife pageants, stimulating supplements, hotwife sharing tutorials, available studs for hire and on and on.
There was a lot of pussy to wrap your brain around. There were even sharing men's babysitters for rent. In other words, while another guy fucks your wife, you can rent some hottie to fuck you in the meantime if you didn't want to watch.
Suzie was overwhelmed with the man parade. "Why have we never done this before?" to which I answered, "Because we've never been us before."
"Point well taken."
Ken and Jenny had drifted off somewhere but we reconnected in about twenty minutes with Ken excitedly asking, "Did you get Suzie signed up for one of the live performances? Jenny's all ready to go."
"Live performances? I saw the stages but what happens? Some kind of sex show?" I said, having a rough idea of the answer.
"Ya, buddy. Starring your wife if you get her signed up and photographed in time. Then if she's chosen, you both get on stage, you sit in a chair and watch her get drilled by some stud with muscles coming out his ears."
"Oh, Jim, I want to do that!" said a crazy, enthusiastic Suzie.
"In front of all those people?"
"Jim, let's go sign me up!!"
There was a rationale catch to signing up and it was that you had to be a married couple and both parties had to sign so there was no ambiguity as to what was going to happen. Essentially, the husband is sharing his wife with whoever walks out on the stage.
Of course she wanted to do it. She was an exhibitionist at heart. She had confidence in how hot she was and not hesitant to show it. I have to say though, I didn't see a live sex show in our future when we got on the plane.
"Okay, Suzie," said the guy at signup, "I just need a few pictures for the judges to decide who goes out on stage. I have to say though, with that body I fully expect you to get chosen."
The permission form we signed defined the sex act in very broad terms. In other words, anything goes. That was up to the stud. I found the whole idea both scary and titillating.
Suzie was so excited. Some hunk she'd never met was going to have his way with her. The stages, three of them, were scheduled to begin performances at 9 pm sharp. If she was chosen we'd receive a text telling us what stage and what time.
If you watched her fidget with her phone through dinner you'd think she was up for a starring role on Broadway. We ate at a place about a block from the hotel and neither Suzie or Jenny wanted to miss their text so sat silently, drinking wine and being anxious.
Finally, the damn broke and Suzie jumped up and knocked her drink over, "I got it! I'm going on the main stage at 10!!! This brought a tepid response out of Jenny who was not in a wine induced mood not to have her own good news. And like that, bing, her phone notification went off and they were hugging and dancing with their good fortune. Ken turned to me, "Well, buddy, looks like our women are going to have their own show!"
The girls were instructed to wear sexy but skimpy attire so that the stud wouldn't have much to wade through to get to the point. Suzie wore a red sequin dress, showing plenty of leg, nearly some ass and easily zipped out of. She kept the theme with a red lace bra and panty set and red stilettos. The only non-red item was a wide black diamond collar with a short leash.
We checked ourselves in at 9:30pm in the staging area. The act would last approximately 45 minutes to an hour. We also agreed to be photographed and signed off on the filming of the whole thing to be used at the sponsor's discretion. I didn't even know who the sponsor was but I suspected a porn company.
The floor surrounding the stage was jam packed with people. We found out later the 10 slot was the featured time and got the biggest crowd. Suzie was cool as could be but I was nervous as hell. This was way different than a house party or anything we'd done. Suzie was going to 'perform' a sex act for legions of fellow fetish addicts. I just wasn't quite prepared for the impersonal nature of it all. I was the nervous one and all I had to do was hand my wife over.
The announcer introduced the performers and, as we'd find out, inserted an occasional comment. "Ladies and gentlemen, let's welcome our featured hotwife and husband, this is Suzie and Jim. (Applause) Jim likes to watch hot little Suzie take some serious cock and Suzie loves to get fucked in front of her husband!" I went to a chair on stage to watch while Suzie waited for her mate.
"Let's welcome to the stage, Mike, who's more than happy to do the job!" Mike came out wearing nothing but a skimpy swimsuit barely containing his equipment and a completely unbuttoned white shortsleeved shirt just to have something to take off and reveal his chiseled body. As soon as he saw Suzie his package visibly expanded and he went to her.
Suzie was unflappable and waited for him with a confident stance that dared him to take her. He took hold of her and they kissed and then Suzie tore his shirt off and began sucking his nipples. He was clearly turned on to the max and the crowd was going nuts. While she flicked her tongue at his huge pecs he unzipped her dress and she obligingly stepped out of it. She dropped to her knees, ripped down his swimsuit and swallowed his monster cock all in one grand motion.
Indicating he would not be gentle, he took a big handful of her hair and, pulling her head hard to him, jammed his cock down her throat. As she came up for air, he slapped her across the face and ran his cock back down her throat. The audience was going nuts and they got loud. I could hear bits and pieces of encouragement for Mike to take it farther.
"C'mon, Mike, make her scream!" was one of the few things I could make out.
Even surprising Mike, Suzie stood up, walked to the very edge of the stage, sensually removed her panties and tossed them into the audience. They went crazy.
The crowd was motivated by their collective imagination at how Suzie should be had. There were numerous suggestions of where and how Mike might pummel her pussy and to facilitate the possibilities there was a long padded bench that could be used for different positions.
Her leash indicated her submissive willingness to be fucked to hell and back. He grasped her leash and yanked her roughly to the bench, directing her to all fours, facing out to the audience. Strutting around, stroking his rock hard dick, he walked behind her and stuck her hard, banging her until her eyes watered. He used the leash like reigns on a horse.
The intensity drove the audience to a frenzy. I could see by the glistening wetness running down the inside of her thighs that she had come at least once already and maybe more.
Adding to the general excitement, she reached back with her left hand and pulled his ass even harder into her. He reached around and stuck two fingers in her mouth which she dutifully sucked. Then he turned her around to go missionary and like a ballerina, Suzie straightened her legs in the air and pointed her toes to accentuate the beautiful picture of her fuck for the audience's pleasure.
She was an artist. I was mesmerized watching something I'd never seen her do, for that matter knew she could do. My Suzie was a bold, brash sex machine on display. As he laid into her she constantly reached up to run her fingers over his six pack. Not only was the audience charged up but Mike was clearly turned on and fucking her with a passion.
Sweat was dripping from both of them, the photographic flashes were lighting up the stage and digital video cameras were working every angle. I looked out at Ken salivating over the spectacle like a mad dog, dreaming of doing her later in the inevitable hotel room swap.
Remarkably, Suzie still had her bra on and Mike decided to make a show of unveiling her tits so while still reaming her out he grabbed the middle of the bra and literally ripped it off of her, breaking the clasp, and tossed that to the audience as well. It was so fucking hot I nearly stood up from my chair. Looking out at their faces, it wasn't hard to deduce that every man in that audience wanted to bury their cock in Suzie.
It had been almost forty five minutes already but because the crowd had only gotten bigger and louder the stage manager did nothing to slow things down and, in fact, threw gasoline on the fire. A second stud appeared on stage. "Ladies and gentlemen, Steven! Looks like he wants to get to know Suzie too! This hotwife is on fire!"
Steven appeared with an erection or someone primed his pump but he actually cut in on Mike and went on a fucking tear, shaking the bench and causing Suzie's body to Bob up and down.
Mike went over her head and throat fucked her while Steven continued on to the roaring approval of the audience. Then Mike and Steven exchanged words and Mike picked her up and brought her to right in front of my chair, facing me, bent over with her hands on the armrests. Each of them took turns fucking her right in front of me. It was all surreal.
"Are you okay?" I asked her. She nodded, yes, with a slight smile on her face.
Steven told Suzie to "suck your husband's dick."
She unzipped my pants and went for it. I have to confess the scenario of her taking cock from the two of them kept me hard and I felt myself coming to a head quickly. I was about to come when Mike pulled out and shot his load onto her ass. That set me off and I filled Suzie's mouth with my cum and seconds later Steven also covered her ass with his ejaculate.
They both brought her to the front of the stage, cum dripping front and back, and showed her off to the cheering crowd. "Ladies and gentlemen, the incredible Suzie, a dream hotwife if there ever was one." The three of them bowed to the audience and then grabbed their partial erections and dragged them off stage. I dutifully followed the pack.
Backstage was chaos. Interviewers, photographers, guys willing to pay for 15 minutes with her, camera men, a representative from the sponsor wanting to give her more work in the 'industry', more business cards with notes on the back than you can imagine, both Steven and Mike asked her out!
It took nearly ten minutes to get her a towel to wipe off the cum and through it all she fielded each advance like a pro, barely a ruffled feather. She was still completely naked other than shoes and collar until the stage manager ran in with her dress, of course, minus any underwear, that was long gone.
I leaned into her ear, "Maybe we should get back to the hotel."
"Just a few more minutes...."
She was a sexlebrity, at least for one night, and she didn't want the lust and adoration to end too soon. The sponsor rep took her aside and asked if she'd done any porn and if not, why?
"With that body, gorgeous face and the way you move you'd make a lot of money. I'd give anything to represent you."
"I'm feeling a little overwhelmed at the moment so I'll hold on to your card but thanks for the compliments."
"Look," he said, desperately trying to make a connection, "even if you're not interested in a career, please consider making a couple of videos for our website. You're spectacular and I never beg this hard for anyone. We'll pay you big time."
She had other pitches from sites offering enticements that were hard to believe but even those got to Suzie's vanity one way or another. After all, this was something she did well and the orgasmic payoff was a gift that kept on giving. I have to confess that in the beginning I didn't think I would enjoy it as much as I did but I soon found it a massive turn on. That doesn't mean I didn't enjoy our sex life but it became a perk, an addition.
I got to watch my hotwife get fucked by a variety of men and her loving the act.
The four of us finally left the auditorium and headed back to the hotel with various feelings to what had happened.
Jenny: Quiet. Seemed to be overwhelmed by Suzie's performance.
Ken: Completely turned on and dying to get up to our room where he could fuck her blind in a swap.
Suzie: On cloud 9 and probably into riding that feeling right into Ken's dick.
Me: Incredibly tired emotionally but wouldn't turn down fucking Jenny.
It pretty much went as I'd guessed and no sooner did the room door shut and Ken went after Suzie. He gave her a flimsy "May I?" but nothing was going to stop the energy in his pants and his hands reached under Suzie's dress and grabbed hold of her pantyless ass. She told him to unzip her dress.
Over on the other bed Jenny had fallen asleep and so, with nothing much in the mix, I left the room for the lounge downstairs to mull over the evening's festivities. I wanted Suzie to enjoy herself at this convention but the performance, for me, was like standing in front of a tsunami, just hold onto something until it passes.
After my first scotch I began thinking we should review the ground rules for our swinger's setup. It wouldn't hurt to go over things. We stayed pretty close when one or the other of us had an adventure but there was really no restraint as to whom and where.
I didn't think i was having buyers remorse. Instead, maybe it was too much, too fast and I didn't want to lose her.
Maybe a second scotch would clarify things. At least that's what the first scotch suggested.
Two arms wrapped around my neck from behind. "Feeling left out?"
"Ya, I guess so," I admitted. For a second I thought it was Suzie but, no, it was another woman.
"I'm Missy," as she stuck out her hand.
"Hi, I'm Ji..."
"Oh, I know who you are," she said with a bit of mischief in her tone. "I saw your wife's performance tonight. Wow, she's hot. Where is she now?"
"Upstairs fucking our neighbor."
"Ahhhhh. Sounds like you two have 'hall passes'."
"Hall passes?"
"You know, you both have a green light to fuck anything on two legs."
"Ya, I guess that's so. Where's your hus...significant other?"
"My husband is upstairs, invited to fuck another guy's wife while he watches. I'll eventually get my turn as the hotwife." She smiled that mischievous smile again.
She was as she advertised herself, a hotwife. A beautiful brunette with deep brown eyes, full lips and legs for days. It was nice to talk to someone but then when she put her hand on my thigh the talk became something else.
"How rude of me," I said, breaking the tension, "Can I buy you a drink?"
"Yes, you may. Cosmo, please...and then take me somewhere and fuck me."
"I'll say this, you're very direct."
"It's your wife's fault for making me so horny."
"She does the same thing to me but I'm sort of deep in thought so...."
"Wouldn't you rather be balls deep in my pussy?"
I would kick myself later for passing up such a delectable treat but there was always day 2 before flying home...
Part 1