Pete was about to hit delete on a piece of junk mail when prurient curiosity got the best of him. 'Slut Wife Club Inc'. The pull was too strong and he clicked...
'You and your wife bored with the routine? Going through the motions? One or the other wants more adventure? Is your wife a slut in waiting?
'If you even gave a partial yes to any of these you might consider Slut Wife Club Inc, We've recently organized our first chapter in your area so email for details on joining us for the fun.
'You will not be bored any longer! Get the excitement you deserve! Remember, love thy neighbor!
Exhibitionists, voyeurs, horny dogs, sluts: finally a safe place to exchange ideas (wink, wink). Talk to your wife about it. You'll be glad you did.'
Pete sat there at his desk for a long time daydreaming about the strange allure of sharing Traci with a group of men, watching her having sex in ways that they had never tried, and he with access to other adventuresome wives.
He was getting horny just thinking about it and began stroking the bulge in his pants. She and Pete had brought it up in the abstract but here was an actual organization by like minded couples. Everyone would be on the same horny page.
Traci was a tall, beautiful (by any standard) dirty blonde with vivid green eyes whose stature was reminiscent of the classic pinup girls of the forties, a born exhibitionist who loved dressing to get heads turned in her direction.
Pete thought that maybe this would be a natural extension of her exhibitionism. They never got far past the discussion stage but once she asked, "How would you feel if I fucked another man right in front of you?" Just having heard her ask the question got him hot and he told her so but the subject got filed away for another day. Now this email put it back on the table.
Impulsively he forwarded the email to Traci with the comment: 'What do you think?'
Ten minutes later she came in his office and sat down. "So?" he said.
"So would you like to see me riding some other guy's dick?"
"Sometimes, yes, I'd like to see that."
"You've fantasized about it?"
"Yes"
"Me too." That caught him off guard. He hadn't thought of it from her angle, the male brain not always capable of depth when it comes to sex.
"You'd like the idea of being a married slut?"
"Yes, if you don't mind being married to one."
They chuckled a little and Pete said, "I can't believe it. Are we talking about this seriously?"
"I think so. Maybe I've got more slut in me than I thought."
"Mmmmmm. How about I contact them and do some fact finding and we talk again."
Traci stood up and turned to leave, his eyes focused on her killer ass going out the door. If they did this that ass could be tapped by anyone in the club. He was mentally trying it on for size.
After an email to the organizer, Pete got a fast response and he wasn't sure whether to feel good or bad about that. Were they desperate for members? He didn't know these people. They arranged to answer Pete's questions on the phone the following day. In the meantime they requested pictures of both of them, needed, "to keep the group at an attractive level."
Next day on the phone, the administrator, Casey, acknowledged that the photos Pete sent were "impressive" and that, "your wife is a hottie, so what do you need to know?"
"I wish I could phrase this better but how does the whole thing go?"
"Well, as the club name implies, the husbands introduce themselves and their slut wives to the other club members. You're in a private bar in a local hotel with lots of comfortable seating and only members allowed in. There's a DJ so there's dancing, drinks and hors d'oeuvres. After that it's all the art of negotiation and your wife may be approached by one or more men who might want her. If so, that can happen right in the lounge area or, if desired, they can find privacy in one of the hotel rooms but we really encourage staying together because this also fulfills the needs of voyeurs. The energy feeds on itself. Conversely, as a husband you might want to approach one of the other slut wives or you may enjoy just sipping a drink and watching yours and others.
"There are no set rules other than common curtesies and if anyone can't respect civility then they will be asked to leave the club. If that doesn't work, one of the door bouncers removes the problem. We want to make this safe, sexy and fun for everyone.
"What we've seen, and you should prepare yourself for this, is that wives tend to surprise their husbands with what they're willing to do. Women, on the other hand, seem rarely surprised by anything their husbands do. Tells you something, doesn't it? Does that answer most of your questions?"
"What are the fees?"
"Well, it's not cheap. Joining is a thousand a year and each event you and your wife attend is eight hundred dollars but we take care of everything except the hotel room if you want one and there's, on average, twenty couples so there's lots to choose from. If your wife is an exhibitionist she's going to love it."
"As you've been talking my imagination's been running wild," Pete said excitedly, "but does jealousy ever become a problem?"
"Can't say it hasn't but it's rare because generally people walk into this club knowing who they are and wanting to be there and the other plus is you'll get to know other members and that can be fun even outside the club."
"What's the weirdest thing that ever happened?"
"Hehe, well we once had two husbands leave together...not necessarily weird but unexpected at a straight club."
"What about their wives?"
"Oh, they got to be the best of pals and kept coming to events together!"
"No...that's wild. Look, I have to talk to Traci about this and I'll get back to you. When's the next event?"
"A week from this Saturday. We send out email reminders with all the details so look for it."
Lying in bed that night, "So I talked to the guy."
"What guy?" she said, drifting off.
"You know, the guy from the Slut Wife Club."
"Oh ya." (yawn)
Deciding that he was in the middle of a one way conversation he just slid down under the covers, pulled her panties down and applied wake up tonic to her quickly responding pussy. After he took her to the finish line...
"As I was saying, I talked to the guy and I liked everything he was saying and maybe we should give it a try."
"I'm good with just you in my sex life and I'm hoping that you feel the same but if we did it we have to consider it an adventure not a replacement."
"Wow, you've really been thinking about this."
"Of course! It's our intimacy shared with other people. And face it, Pete, it's a fetish. Most normal people keep it in house. As you know I love to show myself off but giving myself to an admirer is not something I've ever done."
"We have to do this together," Pete confirmed.
"Let me ask you a question I've asked before and be honest; would you enjoy watching me get fucked by another man?"
"Yes, I think so, as long as I didn't lose you."
"Do you have a question for me?"
"...yes...sometimes do you want another man's cock?"
"Yes, it excites me. Do you want to fuck other women?"
"Yes"
"Then it sounds to me like we're going to try this. What do you think?"
"I think I should tell them we're coming."
***
All week Pete and Traci checked in with each other, "Are you still okay with this?" "We can always change our mind." "Still good with the club?"
The answer was always positive so they planned nervously for club night. Later on that afternoon Traci began laying out what she would wear. If she was going slutty it had to be classy slutty so she conjured up a white spandex top that came down below her shoulders and rested more or less on her 34C's, her cleavage highlighted by an enticing push-up bra. She picked out a tight, short grey and black skirt with white knee stockings and five inch pink heels.
She decided that for effect she would pin her hair up and at some point in the evening let it fall to her shoulders. Dark eyes and pink glossy lipstick to go with her shoes. She made sure her pussy was freshly shaven...just in case.
For the men it was a simple suit and tie.
"OMG, Traci, I can't let you go out like that! You won't make it from the car to the front door before..." and he trailed off as reality set in. She was going to get a lot of attention. This was his soon to be slut wife.
On the way to the hotel, Traci asked him, "Are you nervous?"
"God yes, I think monogamy is going to take a hit tonight and I'm nervous as hell. You know, maybe we should have a safe word to use if either of us wants to leave."
"How about 'home'?"
When they got to the hotel there was a separate valet parking stand for 'SWC Members'. "Hey, Traci, we're VIP. How about that?"
"Ya great, as long as the neighbors don't see us."
The valet took the car and informed them that "the event is in the 10th floor ballroom, sir. There will be a sign up desk to help you check in."
The valet took Traci's hand helping her from the car and, as Pete noticed, checked out her ass at the same time. As they walked through the lobby to the elevator, as expected, heads turned for Traci and she loved it.
"Look at you," teased Pete, "maybe i should walk a couple steps behind you since you're the star of the show. Hehe"
They signed in, paid the fees and opened the door for Traci's grand entrance which she walked like a runway model. Casey met them, "Pete, Traci, welcome to Slut Wife Club," and turning around he introduced them to the other members.
"Traci, my lord, your pictures don't even come close to how stunning you are in person."
Traci's ego was having a holiday and Pete was thinking how proud he was to have her on his arm. Couples waved or came up to say hello like it was the welcome wagon. They made a beeline for the bar and ordered cocktails, needing to relax some of the anxiety.
As they sat on one of the long couches Casey came over and sat next to Traci. "Feel free to take your time, meet people, get a little loose and let yourself fall into it." As he spoke his hand landed on her thigh more than once. "Anyway I hope you enjoy yourselves," and he moved on to other couples.
Pete couldn't help but notice that he had that same hands on approach with other wives, innocently letting his welcome hand slip lower. Pete guessed that Casey did more than collect the dues, maybe getting a little piece of the pie as well.
It wasn't long before they were approached by a guy who introduced himself to both of them, "I'm Dan. Welcome to the club. I couldn't help but notice Traci from across the room when you came in and wondered if you'd mind if I asked her to dance?"
The question was oddly directed to Pete as if he was requesting permission from the husband. Pete turned to Traci, "is that okay with you, Traci?"
She looked back at the good looking Dan, "Ya, sure."
The DJ was pretty much sticking to sexy R&B to put everybody in the mood. Pate watched them dance not sure what he should be doing at this point other than drink. Dan danced with her like the music suggested and his hand stayed comfortably on her rear. He looked at the groping going on the dance floor and realized that this was where the fore play led to the next level.
After a couple songs and with a big smile, Dan sat down next to Traci, one arm around her on the sofa. Pete immediately found himself the third wheel and said, "Honey, I'm going to freshen our drinks," and walked off to the bar.
With a green light Dan moved in, "So, Traci, how did a gorgeous girl like you get interested in the Slut Wife Club?"
"My husband and I talked about it and decided it might be a fun adventure. And you?"
"Pretty much the same although Valerie took a lot of convincing. She's not the share and share alike type."
"What changed her mind?" she asked."
"Some guy in the club fucked the daylights out of her and now I can't keep her away."
Traci laughed.
"Is that what you'd like?" Dan asked.
She hesitated at his brashness.
"Maybe," she said sort of surprised by her answer, "Which one's Valerie?"
"She's over in the corner talking to Casey."
"Beautiful girl. You're lucky."
"I'm thinking I'm lucky right now." He moved his hand to her inner thigh. "You are so fucking hot I'm having a hard time keeping away from that pussy."
He inched his way under her skirt. She was startled and unsure what to do other than let it feel good. It was moving all too fast.
"Maybe I want you to stop," she said.
"Do you?" he asked.
After another hesitation, "No"
His hand resumed its movement, her skirt shifting up, until he touched her clitoris and he massaged it with his middle finger. It seemed, for Traci, to go on forever and she became wet.
"I wanna eat your pussy, Traci."
"Yes," she said, an almost out of body response.
He unzipped her skirt and nudged it down over her knees to the floor. He did the same with her panties. She spread her knees and he preceded to eat her now very wet cunt. She put her head back and immersed herself in the bliss. She momentarily opened her eyes to see Pete at the bar watching her.
"Enjoying the show?" said the voice on his right. Turning to her, "Oh, yes, my wife is with that guy over there, some guy named Dan."
"Oh ya, I know him," said the woman, "that's my husband. He's really working her. Hi, I'm Valerie, Dan's wife."
They shook hands and continued to watch as Traci climaxed, her body shuddered and she screamed, "fuuuuucccckkkkk" Dan whispered something in her ear and she reversed her position, offering her backside to him. He stood like a conqueror, unfastening his belt and unsheathing his spear, driving it into her pussy with so much force she could be heard with every thrust.
With one foot on the sofa for leverage Dan leaned into her ear and said, "Do you like it, slut?"
"Yes, yes, fuck me...." He didn't need much encouragement but he banged her so hard the back of the sofa rattled.
Valerie, seeing that Pete was totally aroused watching Traci get majorly fucked, squatted down, removed his stiff cock and blew him. The combination of watching Traci take cock and Valerie swallowing his dick was driving Pete out of his mind.
Looking around the room Traci's act had ignited the club and clothes were flying off, negotiations were brief and cocks were like divining rods searching for available pussies. Casey managed to cut in throughout the room and that included a brief stay in, what he told other staff, was that "delicious new slut Traci."
Much to the bartender's delight he also enjoyed watching Traci take it every which way. He only hoped he might get some of her before the night was over. One of the perks of working for Slut Wife Club was that staff, bartenders, bouncers etc, could be propositioned and participate on occasion.
There were a few other hookups in progress but Traci and Dan garnered the biggest attention. Dan had her switch positions and he sat on the sofa while she mounted him. At the same time she pulled off her top and removed her bra to present her glorious tits to him. She bounced her ample ass on his cock, her tits bouncing as well. He said to her, "Do you like riding my cock you little slut?"
"Yes, fuck yes."
"See your husband watching me fuck his slut wife?"
She glanced over at Pete getting sucked off. "Yes."
"He's turned on by me fucking you. Your my slut right now and I want to show him how to fuck a beautiful girl like you."
She was lost to him and could only feel the next orgasm rushing through her body. He grabbed the back of her hair and kissed her hard. She loved him talking to her as they moved in tandem.
Pete couldn't look away from them even though he had Valerie on the end of his dick. Coming to his senses at the beauty before him he pulled the barstool out and bent her over in the direction of Dan and Traci so he could still watch Traci. Pulling up Valerie's dress and realizing she had no panties on he stuck her hard, excited by Traci's fucking.
Valerie came quickly which surprised him. Looking back at his wife, taking Dan from behind once again he was right on the edge.
As he watched, Dan's cum shot across Traci's back and Pete's cum ran up Valerie's buttocks. It was almost choreographed.
Dan helped Traci to her feet and kissed her. Once they had cleaned up (towelettes conveniently placed) and dressed, he said, "Nice to meet you, Traci. Hope to see you again." He went over to the bar, retrieved Valerie and hit the dance floor.
Traci and Pete sat once again on the sofa together, debriefing their experiences.
"I couldn't stop watching you," Pete said. "It seemed right and wrong at the same time."
"It was intense. What we're you thinking?!?"
"I...I...I wanted him to keep fucking you. I could see how excited you were and the vision of his cock entering...I was coming out of my head. Did you feel strange doing that in front of me...everyone?"
"At the beginning I was really nervous when he was reaching up my skirt but then I lost track of things around me. Except when he told me to look at you watching."
"Did you like him?"
"You mean did I like fucking him?"
"Ya, that's what I meant."
"Yes, a lot."
"I'm now officially married to a slut," he said jokingly.
"And I'm married to a promiscuous husband who fucked a slut!"
Serious with her, "Do you want to go home or stay longer?"
"Stay. I want to mingle and meet people for awhile."
Traci ordered another drink and when the bartender delivered it he said to her, "Pardon my noticing but I thought you were amazingly hot with Dan."
"Thanks," she said, flattered that he watched her, "What's your name?"
"Brandon."
"Hi, Brandon, I'm Traci and this is my husband, Pete."
"I know this is bordering on being rude but I can't help myself, if you're ever here, bored and I'm working I would love to, you know, help you pass the time. That's if your husband didn't mind."
He walked away and Pete said, "Well there you go, even the bartender wants to fuck you."
"Mmmmm. He was nice," she said, teasing him as she let her hair down.
They scouted out other couples doing the deed, talked a little, danced a little, drank too much and flirted a lot. Pete had not really ventured out alone looking to connect with one of the other wives and he wondered to himself what that was about. Instead he stayed within visual distance of Traci. She had taken to Dan's advances fairly fast but his own fuck with Valerie was almost a distraction from watching Traci.
Traci, on the other hand, had rid herself of any self conscious feelings by opening wide for Dan. She was flirting and touching other men who, of course, wanted what Dan got.
A guy named Fred took her aside by the waist and told her, "I enjoyed watching you get fucked earlier and was wondering if your talents extended to giving good head. Sometime maybe you could show me?"
"How about now?"
She took him by the knot of his tie and pushed him back on the sofa, opened his pants, got down and magically blew him, transforming his flaccid penis into a raging hard-on in seconds.
Pete was talking with a woman when he noticed over her shoulder Traci going down on Fred who they had just been introduced. He was riveted to Traci and not paying any attention to what the woman was saying.
"Traci," gushed Fred, "you are indeed a gifted little vixen!" She swallowed him whole and he lost his mojo down her throat. "Oh, fuck that was good. My god, you're going to be everybody's favorite slut in short time."
Getting up off her knees she sexily said, "Glad you liked it...cum again!"
Pete saw Fred turn to a couple buddies and point to Traci. She was a star and swimming comfortably in the lust filled ballroom. Pete decided that he had to make a play of his own so he found a pretty, petite brunette sitting alone, sipping her martini and watching the action.
"Hi, interested in some company?"
"Sure, but I'm probably not your best choice if you're looking for a good fuck."
"Oh? And why is that?"
"Because I'm not a slut."
"But why are you at Slut Wife Club?"
"Because Ernie couldn't join without bringing his wife so I'm here to watch Ernie fuck his way through the room. I'm the cheerleading voyeur!"
She laughed at her own joke.
"By the way, I'm Giselle and I know who you are."
"You do?"
"Yes, you and your wife have made quite the debut and it's the hot topic tonight. In fact, I see Ernie and another guy fucking your wife over by the bar as we speak. Busy girl."
Pete watched for awhile, then asked Giselle if she might change her mind.
"I doubt it. This is our third event and I don't see it happening but stranger things have happened I suppose. I'm not a prude I just don't want to be a notch on somebody's belt. Based on what I've overheard, every guy in here wants to come in through your wife's back door. It's probably a matter of time. There are now three guys doing her."
Without looking up at Traci he said to Giselle, "Kiss me and change your mind."
She didn't move right away. Then she impulsively put down her drink and kissed him, slowly at first, then added her tongue. He stroked her hair and kissed her again, this time unzipping her dress until it fell from her shoulders.
She was small on top but beautifully proportioned with creamy skin and as he took off her bra he saw for the first time, in the subdued lighting, just how cute she was. He cupped her breasts and sucked her nipples as she softly moaned.
"Are you going to fuck me?"
"Yes I am, Giselle, unless you don't want me to."
In response she undressed him and soon they were completely naked and then he went down on her, legs up and pushing his head where she wanted it. "There, there!!! Faster...yes, right there!!! I'm cumming, I'm sooo cuuuuuummmmiiiinnngggg! Uhnnnnnnn!!!"
After a brief 69, she draped herself over the back of the sofa and invited him in. Resting on her stomach he held her arms behind her and pulled his cock into her tight hole. Fucking her brought interest because she had successfully avoided the advances of any other man who came near her. Casey, who sampled all the girls and who had tried repeatedly to get in her panties, saw the top part of her hanging over the sofa, dropped his pants and presented his cock for servicing.
Pete released her arms and she reached for Casey's cock and her lips surrounded his bone leaving a glistening trail every time it came out of her mouth. "Welcome to Slut Wife Club, Giselle," he said as she sucked him.
Giselle's open for business sign brought interest from another couple of guys who had earlier been spurned. Her aloofness made them want her even more and now they waited in line to dip their shafts in her sweetness.
Pete dressed and went to find Traci. It didn't take long to locate her, attached to Brandon the bartender's dick. As soon as he splattered her back with cum Pete said, "Traci, we should probably be getting home."
Brandon sheepishly slipped back to his bar duties, nodding to Pete on the way.
Pete helped her clean the cum off and get her clothes in order again.
"Well I think we made quite an impression for our first event."
"I know," she said in a subdued tone, "They kept coming at me and I couldn't say no."
"You look tired."
"I'm ready for home."
On the trip back they didn't talk about the experience at all and their silence was by mutual consent. How would they begin the conversation anyway? Besides they'd imbibed way too much to make sense of anything.
Traci fell asleep in the car and Pete carried her to bed, only managing to stumble once. As he was getting her clothes off he realized that she no longer had the panties she came there with. It wasn't surprising. Through the entire affair the hungry men plied her with an endless parade of alcohol.
There was always morning to sort it all out.