On the mid-autumn day of this escapade, I hadn't seen or heard from Sue for about three weeks. She had dumped me, again, about eight months previously, and was chasing a former dating partner, John, trying to woo him back, but, being severely damaged from a previous marriage, John wasn't taking the bait well, and certainly wasn't interested in casual sex.
In fact, it's unclear if they even fucked, back then. Looking back, I'd say they didn't.
Presently, she told me they were dating and hanging out, but that was it.
The lack of sex exasperated Sue. When she felt like sex, she was used to easily fulfilling her needs, and his lack of interest, at least with her, removed from her the power over her male companions that she had usually enjoyed over the last two decades of a constantly renewed procession of lovers. She wasn't a slut; rather, she simply discarded men who became too familiar.
So, not a huge number of lovers, but a steady stream. She was proud that she could still name every man she had ever fucked--24, she reckoned, including me-- while berating me for not being able to do the same.
Heck, for most of my sexual partners, I never even knew their names! I didn't pay much attention to names of swingers, hookers and casual hookups.
When it came to Sue, I used to refer to myself as her Schrödinger's lover: neither loved nor unloved. Only she had the key that could open the box and finally determine my state of being.
But, to my good fortune, reasonably regularly, even though I was officially dumped, she would tire of John's sexual reluctance and fuck me, discreetly, usually on a Sunday morning while she was meant to be at the gym, before they would meet for an afternoon outing of some kind.
Previously, before she decided to attempt to woo herself back into his affections and him into her pussy, we used to fuck mainly at her place, but he was a regular visitor to hers, now, so she had to keep me hidden and we did our recent fucking at mine.
Once, when she was leaving my place to prepare for meeting John in the afternoon, I asked, "What if he finally wants to fuck you this time and your pussy is full of my cum?"
"I'll have a bath when I get home," she chuckled. "Your shit will be long gone!"
I wasn't so sure about that.
"Have you got a bottle brush? My little swimmers are fast and devious."
That two of my children were conceived even with contraception in place, 37 years apart, to different women, of course, attested to the truth of that statement.
And in my most recently ended marriage, the one with a period of unconventional sex, if I went down on my senior teacher wife, I could easily smell semen in her vagina even the night after she had fucked one or more of her numerous sexual partners. Semen strategically hides in deep recesses, after all.
"Just like you," she scoffed, but she had the added insurance that John was too much of a prude to go down on her,
Before she met me, she once told me, she had 'dated' six men in six months and none of them could bring her to orgasm.
As a result of her revelations, though, I was bewildered by the contrast between John's Sue and my Sue.
With me, she had little restraint in the bedroom. Sometimes, not often, she even went off to meet him with a tender ass from my fat cock forcing its way into her little anus. She knew that secret was safe because he would think anal sex was perverted, poor bugger, so he would never ask and she wouldn't dare even mention it.
Why was I in this situation?
Well, leaving aside the psychological explanations, the gospel according my psychoanalyst, that is, Sue, now 59 to my 63, had a smile to melt your heart. What's more, she was a five feet nothing firecracker of a fuck, 115 lbs (52 kgs), with pert, perfect, natural breasts, permanently erect nipples, ultra flat tummy, and firm, firm butt.
With only one kid from over twenty years ago, twenty years of hard, hard workouts and walks, I'm sure readers can imagine the sweet, tight pussy nestled between her legs.
But the joys of her, all of her, were only available, and I emphasize only, when she felt like it. Not for her the charity of just fucking because her partner 'needed it.'
So that was always a constant source of tension between us, her ability to go long periods without the urge for sex, or, indeed, male love or companionship, and my need for both love and to fuck frequently.
In short, when Sue is horny, she's really, really fucking horny; when she's not, she's really, really fucking not.
It's true that between my marriages, especially between numbers two and three, and after number three, I sought the emotional safety of sex workers to fulfill my sexual needs [in modern New Zealand, we have probably the most liberal sex industry laws in the Western world]. My second marriage had ended in traumatic circumstances, with a health disaster robbing my then wife of her previously willing fulfillment of my needs.
My response, according to my shrink, after being eventually released, after eight years, from my duty of care by the course of nature, was a desire to 'catch up' all that sex my brain told me I had missed out on.
But this story isn't about me.
It's also true, and I don't wish to mislead, that Sue is no oil painting, as we say. Her face showed all the normal wrinkles for her age, or even more, and her thin lips and angular features were an accurate reflection of her often mean spirited nature, but any 30 year old woman would be proud of her figure, and her pussy fitted my cock like a well oiled, tight, pigskin glove. So, yes, I was both in love and cunt struck.
The one, imperative truth in our relationship is that, to me, she is the most beautiful woman in the world, always.
That's including all her many foibles; her hostility towards men in general; her deliberate meanness to me: I understand it all, but I can't make her love me.
By this stage of our relationship, I had certainly accepted that Sue didn't, or couldn't, reciprocate my intense feelings for her, and, anyway, I had learnt almost from the beginning not to rely on her for sex. She was far too fickle and unreliable in that regard. Sex with her was a bonus, one which I gratefully accepted but knew I couldn't depend upon.
Of course, I also harbored the usual delusion, according to my shrink, that one day she would come to love me, but in the meantime, as I once said to her during one of our 'breaks', "The show must go on." Meaning, I'm not going to sit around depriving myself of sex when she cuts me off.
Perhaps not my smartest comment ever, as it was often thrown back in my face.
She knew from our pillow talk that I enjoyed the swinger sex, meeting couples solo, who just wanted another cock to play with, and even the odd gangbang. I arranged many similar trysts for my wife in our swinging days.
Sue always listened avidly to these revelations, then expressed her disgust at my behavior. I used to kick myself after telling her a new story and then being on the receiving end of her abuse. I guess I'm a sucker for a tight pussy.
But Sue is full of surprises, pleasant or otherwise, and this Sunday morning I received a text telling me she had broken with John for good.
"We're now just friends," she wrote.
"OK," I replied. It pays to be noncommittal, I had long discovered. Let her make the running.
"Jumping today, but we can catch up during the week, if you like."
That's the thing, with Sue, when she was being nice, she was very nice. But her mood could shift in moments. Oh well, we'll see, I suppose. So I replied:
"OK. Have a good one. Look forward to hearing from you."
About an hour later, though, I received another text:
"No jumping today, too cold and too windy. I'd end up in Australia. Cum on over and take me for a spa. I've booked us a private room at Waiwera."
The 'cum' indicated sex was on the agenda, and the invitation to her home told me her fling with John was truly over. And for some reason, knowing she hadn't even fucked him in all that time pleased me. I know that's hypocritical, but there you have it. Just a guy thing, I suppose.
So, I was probably about to get lucky that weekend, unless, as Sue would put it, "You fuck it up." My sacrificial swimmers began to happily wriggle towards their launching zone at the thought.
When I got there, she was just out of the shower and was wearing her pink bathrobe that never stayed closed properly. I took my place on her sofa while she made me a coffee. When she brought me the coffee, she straddled my lap and nuzzled close. Of course, her robe fell open so I had a nice view of her gorgeous tits, all the way down to her always erect nipples.
"I've got a confession," she said, lifting my head by my chin to look directly into my eyes, exactly like my Tantra massage provider who often caught me looking at her pussy instead of her eyes.
Uh oh, who has she been fucking!
I smiled, waiting. How bad can this be?
"You know I said I never had sex with John?"
I nodded, knowing what was coming but wondering why she was telling me this.
"Weell," she murmured, wrapping her arms around my neck, now that she knew she had my attention, "I sort of did, once, but not really."
"Once?" In a voiceof disbelief.
"Well, maybe two or three times, but, you know, not really."
She was fondling my ear with her tongue, knowing I liked that and obviously hoping to distract me.
"Did he get his cock into you?"
"Weell, yes, just for a little bit. But then he went soft and that was it."
"Every time?"
"Yes," resignedly, rather forlornly, in fact.
I stayed silent, absorbing the information. She continued:
"Neither of us came, ever, so, you know, it wasn't really sex."
"Yeah, right. OK. How long before he would go soft?"
"Oh, quite a while, I suppose."
"Was it nice for you?"
"A willy in my pussy is always nice," she smiled, "But, no, not much fun, as I've told you before. And yesterday, he said he just wants to be friends. So I guess he felt the same."
I didn't know if that meant she fucked him yesterday, or not. Either way, it didn't bother me. I never knew their sex life was so spare and unfulfilling. It confirmed my suspicion that she was actually more interested in his wealth, but she would never admit to that. Not being wealthy, it wasn't a consideration, for me.
Suddenly, she leaned hard into me, her breasts meeting my chest and her hips grinding her groin onto my cock through my jeans.
"Oh!" She exclaimed, noticing my erection, "You naughty boy! I guess you're not too upset, are you?"
Well, actually, no, not at all, I thought.
I whispered into her ear, "Is he bigger than me?"
"Yes, longer," she whispered back, "And fatter. A really tight fit."
Then she sat up straight in my lap, looked at me with her sexiest grin, and said, " You would have loved to watch that go in, wouldn't you?
She's right. I knew I would have. The first time I took my most recent ex-wife to meet a new man for sex, I loved watching him slowly penetrating her pussy with a larger member. Longer, anyway, as many men are, but we never met a man fatter than mine, so I took Sue's confession with a dose of salts.
Without giving me time to reply, Sue climbed off my lap, knelt at my feet, and urgently slid my jeans off my hips.
Naturally, I lifted my butt up so she could take them and my undies down to my ankles.
Of course, my erect cock bounced up, dribbling precum.
She was delighted at the sight, and promptly began licking at my cockhead, nudging the tip of her tongue into my pee hole and visibly savoring the taste of my semen in her mouth.
Looking up with a cheeky smile, she observed, "You liked that little story, didn't you? And I'm right, aren't I, you would've liked to have been there, too?"
Well, I couldn't deny that, so I just smiled and said, "So was it two or three?"
She laughed out loud, happy to have that doubt in my mind.
"Dunno. Lost count, really."
Yeah, right, she was the most mathematically inclined woman I had ever met.
At these times, being in her company was delightful. Not only was she a dirty, horny sexual partner, but she was exceptionally nice to me, by her standards, that is. I'm sure that to an outsider, she was still being an absolute bitch, but, with my eyes studded with stars of love and clouded by desire for her, I hardly noticed.
Then, in her usual dominant manner, she stood and said, "We'll finish this at the spa, OK? We're on a time limit. I'll get dressed and we'll go for lunch."
It's no use arguing with her, so I reluctantly pulled up my pants and drank my coffee while she dressed. It crossed my mind that she had cleverly diverted attention from her confession, which, to be honest, didn't concern me in the least. I mean, it wasn't any of my business, anyway, and I was always amazed that John didn't take the opportunity to fuck the ass off her, like I was doing on those lazy Sunday mornings.
So off we went and parked opposite a local cafe. As we crossed the street she muttered, "Oh, bugger, Steve's here."
Steve's her ex-husband from about 20 years ago. But they still mix at the skydiving club and do the odd walk together. And he's her handyman on call.
"So?" I was puzzled. I mean, I knew he existed and all that. We had met once, briefly, when Sue and I were sitting at an outside table, having coffee. He was a bigger guy than me, and pleasant enough.
"He's broken up with his newest girlfriend and he'll want to moan about it to me."
Sure enough, we ordered, signals must have been exchanged, and she went over to chat with him, leaving me alone like an unwanted cock at a swingers party.
When our food arrived, she came back to our table, announcing:
"Steve's miserable. He's coming to the spa with us."
"Oh for fucks sake!" I couldn't help it. What sort of crazy shit was this? Her ex fucking husband coming to spoil my party?!
"Stop complaining!" She lowered her voice. "He's as horny as fuck, so I want to tease him by making him watch me prancing around naked, OK? I'll finally get him back for fucking Sharon up the street while I was at work, the bastard."
Well, that got me interested! So I refrained from exclaiming, "That was twenty fucking years ago!"
"And you're going to get sex, not him," she growled, "So don't worry and let me have my fun!"
"OK, OK."
What else could I say?
My overwhelming desire to fuck her gave her all the power, and she knew it.
We eventually stood up to leave. Sue signaled to her ex-husband, and he did the same, walking to our respective cars. The spa is about 20 mins north of Auckland from Mairangi Bay.
Once on the open road, she reached under her T-shirt and removed her bra.
"Steve hasn't seen these for a while," she said, lifting her shirt and tucking it under her chin, turning towards me, and jiggling her tits with her hands, a big grin on her face.
"Nor your pussy," I replied with a smile. "Were you shaven then? Are you going to flash that, too?
"Always shaven. Watch and see, but anyway, nothing he hasn't seen before."
In addition to their long ago married life, there was also that naked club skydive, relatively recently, and probably other occasions for shared nudity in the club setting that I didn't know about, so she had a point.
I laughed, "But more than just seen!"
Sue ignored that because she was busy repositioning herself to be as visible as possible to Steve, like he was in the back seat, lifting her tits towards me and pinching her nipples, but I was trying to concentrate on the road.
I checked in the rear vision mirror.
"He's right behind us. He's getting a good look already," I said, admittedly enjoying her show more than I cared to admit.
"Oh," came her cheerful reply, "I'll be making sure he gets a good fucking look at what he's missed over all these years. I'll teach him for fucking that fat bitch!"
Oh boy, Sue can hold a grudge, alright!
Giggling now, truly enjoying herself, she stroked my cock through my jeans, laughing as it started to grow once more.
"Ha ha, this will fuck him up," and she ducked her head to above my lap, bobbing as though giving me a blow job.
"It'll fuck me up!" I said. "Look, seriously, you're not thinking of..."
"No fucking way! But stop your fucking bitching or I will!"
And she would, too, if I pissed her off too much.
Before I could reassure her, she continued:
"Anyway, what do you care? You watched your wifey fuck dozens of guys. You said you loved it!"
"OK, OK. Don't make me wait too long before I can get my cock in you, that's all I ask."
"You'll wait until I'm ready. I'm going to have fun teasing the fuck out of you two stupid men."
She refastened her bra and relaxed back in the seat.
After we were shown to the spa pool, Sue wandered off to the toilet. Steve and I looked at each other, I shrugged and stripped. He did the same, revealing we were both in reasonable shape and both shaven smooth. His cock was longer and just as fat as mine. I'm older, so my balls hung down more. We were both already showing the nascent tumescence of sexual anticipation.
We placed our clothes in the lockers and our towels on the sole barbecue-style table. When Sue re-entered the room and locked it behind her, we were both in the pool, grinning, elbows up on the flush concrete floor, chins in our hands, eyes fixed on her.
"Look at you two! Can't wait for me to get naked! You've both seen it all before!"
For some reason, this mattered to Sue. Once, when she was teasing me about whether or not to send a pic of her tits to another skydiving club member, her good mate, Craig, I called her bluff, so she poked her tongue out and hit send, saying, "He's seen them before."
Facing us, she lifted her T-shirt over her head, and placing it in the locker. Next, the jeans came off, leaving just bra and panties. Turning to face away from us, she unhooked her bra, letting it fall into her hands. Then, still facing away, she wriggled her butt and slowly slid her panties all the way down to her ankles, fully bent over, everything on display. Then she turned to face us, big, sexy smile, hands on hips, giving us a long look at her beautiful body.
Then the teasing started. This was what Sue loved. She reveled in the power over men her gorgeous, naked body bestowed upon her. Many a night she had entertained me with sexy stripteases in her living room, modeling the risque outfits tucked into her bedroom drawers, and, with her "look, don't touch," policy, slapping away any attempt from me to get hands on, until she was ready.
That John hadn't succumbed to her power had been at once a mystery, a rejection and a challenge, for her. Now Sue was released from that state of perpetual frustration, she was clearly intent on making the most of her freedom, at least, in this moment.
Walking over to the edge of the pool, standing directly above us, she did a little hip jiggle, wobbled her tits, stretched back the completely bald skin covering her Venus mound, and fully exposed her sexy clitoris, humming, "...mhmm, mhmm, mhmm..."
"Fuck me, that didn't take you long!" I exclaimed.
"Lucky you, " she said, but it was Steve she was showing off for, as she had now moved to be directly in front of his stupidly grinning, upward gaze. He was openly ogling her tits and pussy.
"Remember this?" she said.
Then, fuck me days, she slowly squatted down right in front of him, her clitoris only a few inches from his nose, and even I could see her little female cockhead emerging from her hood. She was a horny little bitch today! I guess John did me a favor with his inexplicable sexual reluctance, after all.
"...mhmm, mhmm..." With two fingers, she parted her lips and rubbed her clitoris.
Steve couldn't resist and reached for her pussy, but she slapped him away, standing up.
"Only look; no touching, for you!"
Then she stepped into the pool and swam to the far side. Steve and I both found jets to massage our backs, and Sue shrieked with laughter as we both floated on our backs, our stiffening cocks poking above the water level.
She swam back to between Steve and I, to be on my right, and reached out with both hands to tug on each of our cocks.
"Two willies for Sue," she chanted, playfully. "Two willies for Sue."
I reached out and pinched her left nipple. Steve went to copy me but again she slapped him away.
"No touching for you!"
Sue swam around to my left side, and took my cock in her mouth, one eye on Steve, making sure he could see clearly. She bobbed her head up and down as she had in the car, except this time with my willy in her mouth, then giggled and swam back to the far side of the pool.
There, she hoisted herself out of the pool and sat leaning against the chamber wall. For the next little while she entertained us by keeping her knees up and her legs wide apart, humming and playing with her pussy, first one finger, then two...pausing to ostentatiously suck her lubrication off her fingers.
Then she would return to the pool and place herself over a jet, letting it bubble up from between her thighs, turning over and over with her legs spread wide...then back out of the pool, flashing and playing again.
No touching allowed! We had to keep our distance.
When she finally beckoned me to come over, and Steve followed, I was expecting her to offer her pussy to my tongue, but she whispered to get her phone, and told me the unlock code. She wanted me to take some pics so she could tease their fellow club member and Sue's friend, Craig.
While I was finding her phone, I could see she was delighting in keeping her knees wide apart, allowing Steve to rub her breasts and gaze directly into her cunt.
Then, once I had the camera ready, she posed, wantonly exposing herself in front of her ex-husband, and delighting in his obvious pleasure and excitement. I had to ask him to move aside so I could get clear shots. I gave the phone to her to choose.
She made sure to place a smiley face over her wide open pussy before she sent Craig the one she was happy with, arms at her sides, her bare breasts on full display.
Then, she shuffled her bum to the very edge of the pool and pointed to her pussy, waggling her tongue at me. It had been about three weeks since our last encounter and since John didn't even do oral on her; she must have been gagging for it.
Sue again spread her legs as wide as she could, giving her ex-husband another stellar view, while I moved towards her pussy. As I settled into position, she smiled directly at him, and said, "Look, don't touch, Stevie."
But he already had, at least, her tits. So maybe her resolve to just tease was wavering.
But poor Steve could only watch as I tongued her clitoris, side to side, up and down, occasionally sucking it between my teeth, while she closed her eyes and kept her sex fully exposed. As she warmed up, I slid one finger, then two, into her vagina as I continued with my tongue. That's how she orgasms.
At one stage, as I could feel her twitches signalling an approaching orgasm, I stood up for air and Steve slyly shouldered me aside and slipped a finger into his ex-wife's very sloppy vagina. I froze a little, worried that he had spoilt the moment. But while he was intent of ogling Sue's lustrous labia, she opened one eye just a tad, looked at me and smiled knowingly. Her face remained relaxed, obviously enjoying the sensation of his finger, now two, in her vagina.
Or maybe, as she had said, she was showing him what he had missed out on by fucking the neighbor and getting kicked out of their marital home.
Who would know what the fuck she was ever thinking, anyway?
Have I mentioned Sue hates being told what to do by any man? Later, she said she was waiting for me to say something, and that I should have, but I knew, maybe better than her, that she would most likely have just defiantly let Steve go even further.
As it was, meeting no resistance, he eventually replaced my tongue at her pussy. She brazenly opened her eyes wide and looked directly into mine with her steady, at times intimidating gaze. It was like she was daring me to object, but I knew better and simply met her gaze, smiling politely.
I admit to some confusion. One side of me loved her dearly, wanted that we become a couple, and wanted her all to myself; another other side more than a little pissed at her when she openly encouraged him by pulling up on her mound, making her clitoris much more available to his tongue; yet another side openly slavering at the sight in front of me.
I think that's the only side of me Sue sees. But what the fuck, it's fun and I just let them go at it.
I know: I'm not a good person, am I?
in the end though, it's her body, her decision, so I just went with the flow.
There was a period of silence, except for slurping and heavy breathing--the latter from them both.
Sue did look to be enjoying herself, I thought, somewhat ruefully.
Then she broke the awfully loud silence, whispering mischievously:
"You like watching, don't you, Pat?"
Steve started a little in the certain knowledge that he'd been sprung, but she placed a hand on his head, encouraging him to continue.
"Do you want me to stop him, Pat?"
She gazed steadily, unwaveringly, at my face. God knows what she was reading in it, but I'm sure it wasn't the serene indifference I thought was there.
Meanwhile, her face was a mixture of slyly smiling at my voyeurism and of the little, familiar, expressions of sexual pleasure: the narrowed eyes, sometimes rolling up towards the ceiling and the gasps and joyful frowns at every jolt of extra-intense excitement.
"Or are you enjoying the view?" She enquired further, between gasps.
I didn't want to answer any of those, because I could be damned either way, with her.
Instead, I joined her out of the pool, sitting beside her, to her left, on the wet concrete floor, my erection standing at the ready and Steve unconcernedly lapping on her labia. I could easily imagine how wet she was right now.
"Oh!" She said, smiling widely. "Back off, Steve."
And with that she rolled her right leg over mine and positioned herself to take my cock, cowgirl style, looking back over her shoulder at Steve as she impaled herself on my member and bobbing her cute ass up and down.
"Do *you* like the view, Stevie?"
Before he could answer, she lifted off me, turned, took the reverse cowgirl position and commenced her familiar squats on my erection. As she often said when on top, "I can do this all day." It was no great effort at all, for her, such were her fitness levels.
"Is that better, Stevie?" She was leaning back onto my chest, everything wide open to his gaze.
Sue was in her element, driving two men, neither of whom she actually cared for, to be brutally honest, nuts with her sexiness. Steve, still standing in the water, was grinning, transfixed at the view, stroking his cock with one hand and running over her breasts and nipples with the other. She was happy to allow him that, now. I was beyong caring, really, but I had to ask:
"I thought you said he wasn't to touch?" I whispered into her ear.
"Tough."
There was not a hint of humor in that utterance,
I knew better than to push any further.
After what seemed an age of squats, with Sue eventually positioned to meet Steve's tongue as the tip reached out to flick her clitoris, not that I could see much but it was pretty obvious, she decided she wanted something different.
"Follow me," she said, to no-one in particular, so we swam to the other side of the pool and walked over to the barbecue table. Wordlessly, she laid a towel out on the table top and positioned her butt on the edge, laying flat on her back, feet flat on the table and her legs wide apart.
I moved between her legs, draped them over my shoulders, yanked her towards me, and lined up my cock for the coup de grace.
Only later did I idly wonder what would have happened if I had held back and let Steve attempt to take her first. I'm not sure she would have cared, by then. I'm sorry I will never know. But I can take a good guess.
The table was a very comfortable height. Steve watched closely as I guided my cock between her lips and into her nicely lubricated vagina. Usually, she needed lube for penetration, but that was not an issue today.
I was so fucking aroused and she was so fucking hot and wet that I came quickly and quite unexpectedly, which she delights in: "It means I'm hot," she would say.
She sure was, that day.
I immediately bent down to her pussy to bring her to orgasm. I think Steve, behind my back so out of my vision, had other ideas, but she ordered him, imperiously, "Just watch and shut the fuck up, Steve. You've done well enough! And you never learnt how to do this, properly, did you?"
Well! Was that faint praise for me?
Then she lay back and closed her eyes. Sue likes to fuck and orgasm in silence.
I did what she likes: licking while ramming my fingers in and out, and up and down, my semen adding to her wetness, squelches echoing around the spa chamber. I quite like the taste of semen, mine or anyone's.
Steve did as he was told, which was good because this side of Sue was new to him. Their sex had been conventional. Sue's sexuality had been awakened by another, another John, whom she loved, she said, but still she caused the relationship to crumble (not that she would admit that, but her track record told me otherwise).
After about 10, maybe 15 mins, her stomach muscles fiercely contracted, she covered her face with her hands and tried to wriggle away from my tongue as her shuddering orgasm took command of her body.
I didn't let her.
Instead, having recovered enough to push my nearly re-erect cock back into her pussy, I gripped her thighs, pulled her close, and thrust repeatedly, slapping my dangling testicles into her ass with my well practiced pelvic thrust thwacking into her groin. As her orgasmic spasms slowly subsided, I reduced the intensity of my thrusts.
Now she opened her eyes for the first time since we began, looking up and offering a beatific smile.
"You guys enjoy all that?"
She asked brightly, as she returned to a standing position, unconcerned at the fluids leaking from her vagina. Sue recovered quickly from an orgasm: "Always moving at a hundred miles an hour," John would say, she told me. It's true.
"Um, Sue," said Steve, now sitting, facing outwards from the table, plaintively pointing to his very hard penis wagging between his legs.
Sue looked at his cock, then at me. I frowned and shook my head: a fatal mistake.
"Oh, for fuck's sake, bloody men!"
And, facing me, she backed up to Steve, reached between her knees and pushed his legs together, and lowered her soaking wet pussy onto his cock. I knew that feeling well.
She bobbed up and down, then brought her feet up and onto the seat so she was now squatting on him, showing me everything, just as she had done to Steve over on the far side. Fixing me with an angry glare, she said, quietly, determinedly:
"I've told you not to tell me what to fucking do!"
"Anyway," she continued, "He's actually fucked me a lot more times than you. One more won't hurt."
I stood and watched, actually quite amused. Sue didn't really want to fuck Steve; she was just doing it to make a point to me. I took that as a compliment.
After a few more squats, always challenging me with her eyes, she removed herself from Steve's cock and lay back on the table, again, telling Steve to:
"Help yourself,"
in a voice of displeasure.
Undeterred by her tone (well used to it, truth be known, I imagined) Steve made himself comfortable, looking like he was settling in to give his ex-wife a good reaming. She lay there, seemingly uninterested, now looking at the ceiling.
"So," I said quietly, "What happened to, I wouldn't fuck Steve even if he was the last man alive on the fucking planet?"
Without even looking in my direction, she shrugged her shoulders and said, "Your fault."
How the fuck did she work that one out in her fucked up, pretty little head!
Seizing the opportunity, I picked up her phone, unlocked it, and took a pic of Sue fucking her ex. I made sure to show Steve's cock clearly lodged in her vagina, up to about halfway.
Then I sent it to her mate Craig, along with an uncensored version of her earlier pic that showed everything, just for fun. No message, just the pics.
She spotted me out of the corner of her eye, and guessed what I had done.
"Who did you send that to?"
She was studiously ignoring Steve's persistent thrusts and having a calm conversation about the photos. That was funny.
"Craig. And me. One of you fucking Steve, and I re-sent your earlier one, without the smiley face."
She laughed.
"Well, he definitely hasn't seen that before! I hope his wife doesn't catch him."
I wondered if the pics may do the rounds at their club, and beyond, but I guess I'll never know.
Sue now wrapped her legs around Steve's hips, bucking her hips in time with his thrusts and stroking his chest until he couldn't not cum deep in her pussy. It was the same trick she used on me when she wanted me to finish. Works every time.
Without missing a beat, as soon as Steve had pulled his shrunken member out of her pussy, Sue beckoned me over to between her still well spread legs.
"OK, you say you like eating men's cum. There's two lots in there for you to enjoy. Go to it!"
As I did as I was told, she turned her attention to Steve, who was already getting dressed.
"Good boy, Steve, fuck off now and don't expect a repeat, ever, even if you're the last man left alive on the fucking planet."
Sue does have a wicked sense of humor, when she's in the mood.
He smirked and shuffled out the door. I'm guessing he really, really didn't mind his punishment for fucking a neighbor over twenty years ago.
I enjoyed tasting the cum oozing out of her, and, since I still had enough of an erection, caught her by surprise when I shoved it in for one last bout.
"For fuck's sake!" She said, for the umpteenth time that afternoon, "Bloody men!"
I went slowly, this time, enjoying the sensation without an urgent need to come. She sensed this, saying, "You're not going to come this time, are you? Just having fun, right?"
I nodded.
"That's OK, we've got 10 mins left of our time."
She let me settle into a rhythm, then quietly asked:
"You've enjoyed this, haven't you, even though you weren't too keen to start with?"
I nodded again, just a gentle nod while busy having gentle fun.
"Does it remind you of your wifey? Do you miss those times, a little?"
I nodded yet again, but less certain this time, wondering where she was heading with this line of inquiry.
"Well, I enjoyed it too, so, I'm not promising anything, but we can talk about it, OK?"
I did not say what was on the tip of my tongue: "Not with Steve, again, thanks." By now, we can all guess the repercussions from me saying that!
I had no illusions as to how long this new Sue would last, let alone if it would even last till when, if, I saw her again.
So I just smiled and nodded.
If I had to, I suppose, I could gently broach it myself, maybe in the bath, if I ever scored another one, since, really, there was nothing left to for me to lose.
As it turned out, it was she who broached it first, in the bath, a couple of weeks later.
But that, as they say, is another story.