Katherine put down the phone, letting out a sigh and blinking from her stupor. She couldn't quite remember exactly what it was that had transfixed her so thoroughly - something on Twitter, or an email or something, those were the usual culprits - but whatever it was had robbed her of 20 minutes of her workday. Mentally shaking herself awake and chastising herself internally for the unprofessional scrolling, she put her hands to her keyboard and re-focused on the screen once more to log back into her account and resume the task she was actually getting paid for.
As Katherine tapped in her password, her eyes flicked upwards to the top of her monitor, where a webcam sat, staring unblinkingly down at her. When her screen didn't change after her finger depressed the 'enter' key, she blinked and looked down. "Incorrect password - try again." Showed on her display, above a large "OK" button. Sighing, she focused on her stupid little hands typing the stupid little word and tapped it out once again, hitting enter and - logging in. She sighed exasperatedly once again, and this time went right to her emails to get back to work.
It had been such a long day. Katherine's crotch burned with heat as she pulled the car into her driveway and practically shot into her garage, barely missing the door as it slowly scraped and groaned upwards into the ceiling. Squirming in her chair, she ripped the keys from the ignition and threw the door open, bashing the corner of the door into the wall and scratching a mark there that matched six or seven identical ones all within a foot of each other. She didn't care. She ripped the purse from the passenger side and slammed the door, rushing her shoes off and fumbling the key in the lock, her shaking hands desperate to go to work.'Thank you,'she whispered to no one as she fumbled with the door lock,'mmm, thank you darling.'Her voice was sultry and soft, almost sexual as she unlocked the door and went inside, slamming it behind her.'Oh my goodness, thank you!'she panted bizarrely as she tossed her bag mercilessly onto the couch and bent to tear her socks from her feet, running for her bedroom.
Katherine came back to, as the phone tilted from her hand and plopped onto her lap, causing her to jump in surprise and grab as if to catch it. Staring down at it, she sighed externally as she realized that the piss she had entered the toilet for should have ended minutes ago. 'Fucking phone,' she berated them both as she quickly wiped and raised her pants to go, pausing to notice the distinct scent wafting up from her lower half. Scrunching her nose, she resigned herself to applying another spray of deodorant back in her office - she had two meetings this afternoon including one with her male manager, and the last thing she needed was to waltz into one of those tiny one-on-one meeting rooms smelling like a whore house. She didn't know why, but these days she was starting to smell more and more like wet sex, and she'd noticed her libido sitting at higher and higher levels within her, which puzzled her without end. She had no boyfriend or girlfriend to excite her, barely watched porn or read smutty stories, and she was rarely an erotic person anyway. She seldom masturbated, save for generally around her time of the month, and even then, had to grapple with the effort of doing all that work for short recompense. Typically, she distracted herself from it with something else long enough that it subsided, and that was that. Nowadays, though...
Frowning, she stepped from her cubicle and washed her hands, looking at herself in the mirror. The auburn hair loose about her shoulders, hazel-green eyes, lightly freckled face and light-green blazer hiding a modest, generally uninterestingly flat body looking back at her seemed almost to be someone else - a youthful, intelligent businesswoman who had no time for Facebook or gay sex videos or whatever else her idiot brain decided it would lose itself in for minutes on end. That woman could well have been Janet the PA or Rachel the Senior Accountant - but her? Stupid, distractible, horny old Katherine the Client Communications Officer? Well, at least she wore a good mask for her co-workers.
Katherine's jacket fell from her shoulders to the floor as she entered her bedroom, her button-up shirt already half undone between her searching fingertips. She threw it asunder as she approached her nightstand and lifted the laptop sitting on it, pulling the charger from its side and tossing it to the bed. She paused to free the bra from her chest, and ten seconds later the clasps burst free. Shrugging it from her skin, Katherine's small yet perky tits revealed themselves to her room once again, a sight it had seen many, many times before. Her fingertips shot to her pants and she hastily unclasped the belt around her waist, pulling it aside and pressing the button in to free her from their grip. Though she shook with anticipation, she managed it, and a moment later the fly withdrew along its length, allowing her to thrust the offending item of clothing down and away from her body. The smell was instantaneous - she was overripe at this point, as she usually was by the time she got home. The heat and desire had dampened her panties, and the pink-red fabric was dark in the center where it met her sex. A moment later, they too were torn from her body, and the now naked Katherine stepped quickly onto her bed to join the laptop where it lay. She brought it closer and lifted the lid, barely seeing anything on the screen as she typed in her password, her eyes caught up by...
Katherine was pulled back to the real world by the soft but insistent toning of her meeting app ringtone, accompanied by her vibrating phone on the desk. She withdrew her glazed eyes from her computer's webcam as if in a daze, blinking. 'Shit,' she swore when she saw the 'incoming call' popups on both her computer and her phone.Fucking cameras... It's always the fucking cameras...She though to herself in frustration.
It always went like this. Waking in the morning, Katherine was like any other woman. She silenced her alarms, stepped into a piping shower that she always ended with an invigorating cold blast, did her hair and makeup and went to work. She had very little memory of the night before, but she never noticed it - to Katherine, every night was about the same. She ate, washed up, watched TV and checked her emails, then went to bed for a good sleep ahead of her next working day. She never knew about what she did online - until the next day. Throughout the day, she would slowly lose herself in cameras - webcams, camera-phones, security cameras, road cameras and every other type of computer lens - just as she had been programmed to do. She would slowly erode further and further, losing her mind a bit more with each glance, eventually fading out as she stared into them longer and longer, growing more and more aroused each time until she could think of nothing but the all-encompassing need to touch herself in front of them. Every day, she rushed home in a horny stupor, unable to think of anything but her laptop which sat waiting for her in her bedroom. And every day, Katherine would strip down and turn on that laptop, horny and out of her mind, until...
The meeting ringer tinkled once again from her speakers and her phone started to buzz. Squeezing her eyes shut, pleading the ghostly sensations and images in her brain to go away, she realised she had no way around this meeting - she had to report directly to her manager every Thursday, it was six minutes after 4 PM on a Thursday - and that part of it would involve her needing to look into her camera to address him.
Trying her hardest to ignore the way even moving in her chair adjusted the hot flesh between her legs, Katherine pulled herself up straight, quickly brought some files up on her screen, and prepared to tap the meeting join button, thinking of the apology about 'being in the toilet' she would have to use.
Katherine staggered to her car; her purse clutched in white fingertips to her body. The meeting had been utter hell - she had barely been able to glance up at her webcam, and when she had, she had forced herself to look away only by sheer willpower. She almost felt as if her brain was seeping out of her eyeballs as she stared into it - a dull, buzzing emptiness taking the place of thoughts and words, muting everything else. She hated to admit it, but the sexual thrill that accompanied the brainless thrum drove her body nuts, and the very apparent wetness on her thighs, no doubt soaking her panties through, echoed how good it made her feel to stare into her camera. Fuck, even her phone's selfie cam drew her in like a bottomless whirlpool, and she'd been forced to tuckthatinto the very bottom of her purse to stop herself from fading off entirely between here and her home. Sitting down in the car made the cool dampness between her legs painfully obvious, and she knew from the motion just how bad the damage was down there. Wincing, she tried not to focus on how exhilarating that feeling was, how good it made her feel knowing how aroused and wet she was for her-FUCK, Katherine,justDRIVE!
The laptop opened in Katherine's hands as she pulled it closer, and the webcam embedded in its lid sucked her in instantly. Katherine didn't even see herself type in her password; she was already too far gone. With a thrill that made her pussy pulse, her eyes glazed over as she stared into the empty lens, her hands working for her.
The website was already open. It always was. It took only a few clicks to activate her stream. Within thirty seconds, the light next to her camera came on, and Katherine's breathing hitched with anticipation. As if a key had unlocked inside her mind, she now suddenly knew her purpose. She was a cam girl. Every night, she went live for her fans, streaming herself cumming for their tips over and over and over until she could cum no more. She obeyed all commands in her chat, doing anything asked of her - she put toys in her ass, fingered herself raw, swallowed dildos and pressed her breasts close for all to see. Her body was their toy, just as she was for the camera - utterly obedient to their needs.
And, most nights, They would join. Sometimes it was right away, while other nights it wasn't until she was nearly knocked out from her performance. She didn't know who They were - only Their username. But it was They who she served more than any other fan of hers - They were the one she performed the hardest for, and They were the one whose words she truly yearned for.
Tonight, Katherine's chat was active, and the tips came in quickly. Her legs parted for her camera and her fingertips quickly found their way into her body, sawing swiftly inside her tight hole, slick with arousal. She clenched her g-spot and mashed her clit, moaning and gasping for her viewers. When the correct tip amount was reached, she reached across to her bedside table and lifted a curving pink toy from its charging place. It turned on with a soft buzz and slipped effortlessly through her entrance and deep into her body, where it almost immediately began to thrum exhilaratingly to her fan's tips. Gasping, Katherine groaned as the renewed stimulation sent her yearning pussy into overdrive, and her first orgasm shuddered from her body moments later, accompanied by her gasping, jerking moans.
Within half an hour, Katherine was gripping a thick pink dildo in both hands, her legs split nearly ninety degrees apart as her viewers used the double-tipped dildo to thrust and twist inside her wet cunt, simultaneously vibrating the nub pressing into her clit. The stimulation from thrusts and vibrations drove Katherine through her eighth orgasm and she screamed in pleasure as her body bucked and thrust for her viewers. 'Thank you!' She gasped as she rode the orgasm down, rocking her hips in time with her own pumping movements inside her body. 'Thank you, baby, one-hundred tokens, mmm...'
It was after her eleventh orgasm that Katherine blinked back to life to find one special red name in her chat. Blurry-eyed and still jerking involuntarily, Katherine's brain zeroed in on the red text - the colour reserved to denote a moderator - in her chat. It was Them - it had to be. She had only one moderator on her channel.
'Master,' she moaned without thinking, the happiness evident in her voice.
HELLO PET, They said. ENJOYING YOURSELF TONIGHT?
'Yes Master,' Katherine moaned, the toy jerking to life as KingofurX89 donated a hundred tokens, triggering thirty seconds of high vibration. Katherine kneaded her bosom hard as the toy strummed her body into ecstasy.
YOU ARE PERFORMING WELL, They said. GOOD GIRL. Katherine moaned as both the toy and the words stimulated her equally, an orgasm building rapidly in her over-used cunt, her whole lower-half pulsating in rhythmic jerks as it yearned for release.
YOUR MASTER IS PLEASED WITH YOU. Katherine's vibrations ceased, but those words drove her quivering pussy closer to blissful release than the tips could.
YOUR OBEDIENCE IS NOTICED. Katherine moaned loudly and was pleasantly surprised when a new tip triggered her toy's thrust/rotate motion. The stimulation deep inside her body sent shivers through her.
YOU ARE A GOOD SLAVE. Her master's words echoed in her empty brain as Katherine gazed down into the camera again, seeing nothing but it's bottomless black depths. 'Thank you Master,' she moaned, her whole body a rolling, bucking sex toy for all to see.
YOUR REWARD IS HERE. Katherine gasped as the toy came to life again - only no tips had triggered it. She moaned, knowing her body was her Master's instrument - They controlled her as easily as They controlled her toys. She gasped and cried out, fucking herself with the vibrating, thrusting dildo, her hairless slit making wet, meaty sucking sounds. 'Master,' she begged. 'I... O-obey... I... Love... Master...'
CUM FOR ME, PET. For a moment, Katherine barely saw the text through her unfocussed eyes, but she hardly needed to. The text matched words she had seen spoken in that exact place on this exact screen night after night after night of her life, in identical situations such as this. Katherine practically heard them as they appeared.
Gasping and screaming in bliss, Katherine's whole body bucked on the bed as a squirting orgasm shook her cunt, echoed by maximum vibration from her toy. Her overstimulated body just overperformed, and she shook and bucked and thrust like a mad woman as pleasure tore her apart from head to toe. Wet droplets landed on her screen and keyboard and one occluded the lens for a moment before rolling downwards, revealing the squirming, moaning female as the most blissful release of them all shook her. She rode the orgasm for nearly two minutes before finally cresting the peak and tumbling into oblivious tender ecstasy, riding the high down slowly. It took her nearly ten minutes to recover, and when she finally did, she looked down past her bouncing breasts and a sopping cunt to see the words, I WILL SEE YOU TOMORROW. Waiting for her in her chat.
Half an hour later, Katherine ended her stream and closed the laptop, released from her trance at long last. Gasping and sighing, she padded dumbly into the bathroom, switching on the light and stepping under the shower while it was still icy cold, allowing it to heat up on her skin until the temperature scoured the sweat and sex from her skin. She cleaned her toys and even wiped down her laptop before bothering to dress, and then only with a loose robe that she did not tie.
An hour after ending her stream, the memory of her arousal and her wild performance already fading unstoppably into a foggy, noncorporeal memory, Katherine returned to her laptop, coffee and bowl in hand. Placing them down, she turned the device to close down and return it to its home for the night when she saw her chat, still open to the history of the evening's messages despite not being online. There were some messages in her inbox, and though some were not unusual, one name leapt out at her instantly.
YOUR MASTER WANTS YOU. It read.
ANSWER WHEN I KNOCK.
BE READY IN AN HOUR, PET.
Katherine's eyes went wide as she read the text messages in her account - she hadn't even seen them before, so blown apart was she from the sex earlier.An hour,she thought, glancing at the time on her laptop.But that's now!
And at that moment, as if timed perfectly, Katherine's apartment door echoed with the sound of a knock. She gasped, momentarily unsure of what to do. But then, her legs lifted her from her bed and her feet began to move, and even as she grappled with her own thoughts, her body was beginning to dampen and her sex starting to burn once more. By the time Katherine, still in her untied dressing gown, opened her front door, she was practically Theirs again, her libido in full swing and her body ready to perform for anyone and everyone who fulfilled her needs.
The door swung open. Katherine's hazy eyes glanced at who stood there.
'Hello, Master,' Katherine breathed hoarsely as they stepped forwards and into her home, pushing the door closed behind them and lifting the jacket from their shoulders. 'I obey you completely.'
'Good girl,' They said, drinking in Katherine's body in an instant. If there was one thing she never failed to do, it was arouse Them, Katherine's master thought to Themselves. Well - that and get Them off. And after the day They had had, well...
With a grin, Katherine's Master stepped closer to her, ready to make full use of her soft body until They were well and truly satisfied. And Katherine would love every moment of it.
END