It happens now and then to everyone who dares to go against the grain. Of course it had happened to Allie several times over the couple of years since her decision to go natural. And just by chance, it happened again on that afternoon in late September. She and Scott and two of their fellow law-students were enjoying a second round of coffee in their pleasant corner of the café when a lull in the conversation allowed a loudmouthed undergrad at the next table to burst their bubble.
"So I get her back to my room, I get the sock on the door so Chad knows to stay the hell away, we're goin' at it, you know, tearing each other's clothes off, and then I get her jeans down and,Errrrrrrrrt!Everything comes to a screeching halt!"
"Red light, huh?" asked one of his buddies. "Tough break, man."
"But no means no!" sing-songed another of them, in a tone dripping with sarcasm.
"No, she didn't say no," continued Bigmouth. "I did!"
"Dude, that's just wrong! You get a girl naked and then you hold back on her? Why you want to do that to a willing female?!"
"Because! I get her jeans off and she's got a beaver the size of South America down there. Hair everywhere!"
"Aw, yuck!" said the one who had earlier reminded him of no-means-no. "Good for you then. If it ain't bare, don't go there!"
"You said it, man," added the third one. "Don't girls know how nasty they look if they don't take care of themselves? What did you tell her?"
"I said come back when you get a Brazilian," Bigmouth said. "She was pissed, but I said look, I don't do girls who can't be bothered to groom themselves!"
Allie had picked up a paper napkin to twist in her hands in order to release her anger and frustration silently; now she looked down to see she was shredding it. The surprise made her laugh, and she felt somewhat better. Scott joined in, too. "I'll bet I know what you're imagining shredding right now," he said.
"Can you blame me?" Allie asked. "What a bunch of little assholes!"
"They might have been just talking big to make me uncomfortable," said Darlene, their water-polo teammate, who was seated on Scott's other side. "The one who said 'no means no'? He's my brother. The others are his frat brothers."
Allie felt chastened. "Oh, well, Darlene, I'm sorry then, but..."
"No, don't be!" Darlene said. "You're right, they are assholes. I've spent far too much time trying to figure out how my kid brother turned out to be such a monster. But that's typical of him."
A memory of Allie's high school pals, Craig and Eddie, came to mind. "Well, I wonder if he really believes what he said about natural women, or if he's just playing along because his friend said so. I used to have a couple of friends who talked like that, but really they loved, you know, women like the one he was talking about. They just knew it was cool to pretend they didn't."
"She could be right, Darlene," Scott said. "Maybe he just needs one look at a beautiful woman and he'll see the light."
"Oh, he's seen one," Darlene grumbled. "A few summers ago he 'accidentally' saw me getting out of the shower, and -- I'm sorry, Scott, I hope you don't mind, but I have a pretty big bush, not like Allie's or anything, but --"
"I know," Scott confessed. "No offense, but I've seen you in a white swimsuit plenty of times."
Darlene laughed, uncomfortably at first and then with a more relieved ring to her laughter. "Oh, well, we are close friends, aren't we? And Allie and I have seen each other in the shower enough times."
"I've never told him about what you look like naked, Darlene, I promise," Allie said. "But of course I've noticed you're closest to me in that style."
"And everyone who's been in the pool knows about Allie in that regard," Scott said. Allie did not object; there had always been an exhibitionist element of her visits to the pool.
"Right, well, if the two of you are comfortable knowing about it, I've got nothing to be ashamed of," Darlene said. Only then did she think to check with their other two friends across the table, Rayma and Sam, neither of whom had ever joined them in the pool. "I do hope this isn't too much information for you guys," she said.
"I don't mind if you don't mind," Sam said. "I can't say I ever gave a whole lot of thought to this whole subject!" he added with a laugh.
"You would if you were a hairy gal or a guy who was in love with one," Scott said, not unkindly, drawing nods of agreement from Darlene and Allie.
"Well, I'm a hairy gal, too," Rayma confessed. "Indian, you know, what do you expect? But I shave mine regularly." Sam, to her right, looked delighted to be privy to such information; but Rayma didn't notice.
"Cool," Allie reassured her. "Anyway, Darlene, your brother saw you in the shower?!"
"Yes, and for weeks afterwards there were all sorts of horrible comments, every time Mom wasn't around. 'Don't your boyfriends get lost in there?' 'Do you even have any boyfriends once they see that?' 'Aren't you embarrassed when you go swimming?' And worse. I finally had enough and I slugged him, and of course when Mom heard about it she got all pissed off at me without ever hearing what her darling little Robbie had been saying and doing."
"No wonder he's such a brat," Scott said.
"Oh, you're not kidding," Darlene said. "I could see it in his eyes just now, he was just loving the knowledge that his friend was insulting me so much. I wouldn't be at all surprised if he'd told the story before and Robbie just asked him to repeat it to hurt me."
"And me," Allie reminded her.
"And me," Rayma added. "I hate having to shave every day, and the stubble afterwards and all that. But if I don't, you never hear the end of it from guys like that."
"If they've got a problem with it, then they don't deserve you!" Sam piped up.
Rayma looked flattered. "That's sweet, but you don't know what it's like with most guys, Sam."
"It's enough to make you want to just rub their nose in it, isn't it?" Allie said. "You know, hey, look at me, I'm hairy and proud and fuck you!"
Amidst the laughter and applause from her friends -- which momentarily caught the attention of the mouthy frat boys who were still seated nearby -- Sam spoke up once again. "What if I told you we could make that happen?" he said in a quiet tone, leaning in so the others could all hear him.
"Can you?" Darlene asked. "I'm in if it means putting Robbie and his friends in their place!"
"Halloween's coming up," Sam reminded them. "I don't know if you remember from last year," he continued, looking at each of them in turn; they were all second-year students, "or maybe Darlene, since you were an undergrad here..."
"Oh, right, the Halloween shows!" Darlene said. "I think I like this idea!"
"What idea?" Allie asked.
"What I think Sam is getting at," Darlene said, "is, at Halloween, all the fraternities and sororities hire out for shows, for their entertainment, and then of course there's a big party with the cast afterward. Rumor has it the fraternity ones are usually one big peep show, the more X-rated the better."
"Right," Sam said. "So, if we offer our services to Kappa Epsilon Gamma over there for their party..."
Allie burst into laughs. "God, that'd serve them right, wouldn't it?" Then she stopped. "Wait a minute...if what we're planning is what I think we're planning, Darlene, won't you be uncomfortable with your brother in the audience?"
"He's already seen me naked, remember?" Darlene reminded her.
"Right. I withdraw my objection."
"And we knowyouwon't mind putting guys like that in their place, Allie," Scott teased.
"True, that," Allie said. "I'm an old hand at such things."
"Oh?" asked Darlene and Rayma at the same time, while Sam was silent but looked curious.
"Yes," Allie said, and with a mildly embarrassed sigh, she explained. "Back before I came here -- about a year before -- I went to a nudist colony with a few of my best friends from high school. Two guys, one gal. The gal -- Corri was her name -- she was my best friend from way back, but she was a little brat a lot like..." she gestured at the neighboring table, where Robbie and his friends were now picking up to leave. "And when we were kids, we'd had a swimming teacher, named Felicia, who was, well, well-endowed the same way we three are. You could see it through her swimsuit, like with you, Darlene, and to this day I actually call that 'the classic Felicia look.' You've got that look, and I mean it in a good way, I love it. I remember admiring Felicia so much, and I couldn't wait to grow up and have a nice full bush like she did."
"And your wish came true," Sam said. He had given up any pretense of being anything but delighted at the turn their conversation had taken.
"Well, I wouldn't know that for quite some time," Allie said. "You see, Corri, the friend I mentioned, she hated it. She thought it was disgusting, and she never shut up about it! From that summer on, any time a woman showed any hair anywhere except her head, all our friends called that 'pulling a Felicia' thanks to Corri. Since I was her best friend, of course I always shaved everything. Then I got to college and realized how sexist that whole thing really was, but out of habit I continued, right up until just before graduation. That was when Corri and I and our two guy friends made our plans for the nudist camp. And, to make a long story short, Corri said some things that pushed me too far, and I decided to stop shaving. To stop shavingeverything, I mean. And that's when I discovered I was a bush queen."
"I'll bet that went over well at the nudist colony," Darlene said.
"That's the crazy thing: it did! Our two guy friends, Craig and Eddie, they had always been right there with Corri, mouthing off about how disgusting hairy women were, but when they saw me..."
"Love at first sight," recalled Scott, who by then had heard the story many times.
"Or lust at least," Allie said. "And we ended the day with a round with both of them in the back of Craig's station wagon." She looked around the table and was rewarded with looks of shock mixed with admiration, which made her laugh again.
"I'm impressed," Rayma finally said.
"Good for you," Sam added. "I take it Corri wasn't any too impressed."
"I don't know, I never heard from her again," Allie said.
"And this was totally unshaven?" Darlene asked. "Legs and pits too?"
Allie nodded. "I do shave those now, as you know. Of course, with the weather getting colder, we could get away with not shaving anything for a few weeks..."
"God, yes!" Darlene replied. "I can just see the look on Robbie's face!"
"And the other little brats," Rayma concurred. "Okay, I'm in too. Allie, now I'm curious if I'm going to be surprised at what I look like unshaven, the way you were."
"If you're anything like me, it'll be a pleasant surprise," Allie promised. "It really is very liberating."
"I agree," Darlene added. "I love that feeling when I get in the pool and realize I don't care what anybody thinks of what might show, even if it is a bit tricky to cover up."
"That's my big line," Allie said preemptively. "I can't wear a bikini.Doesn't it feel great to say that out loud and realize there's nothing wrong with it?"
"It sure does," Darlene agreed with a grin, and they clinked coffee mugs.
"Are you sure you want to do this?" Scott asked Allie later on that evening when they were alone in her room.
"Completely," Allie said. "I only hope Rayma and Darlene are really willing as well. Why, are you okay with it?"
"You know I am as long as you are," Scott told her. "It's just, I don't know, the whole thing seems so sexist, getting naked for guys' enjoyment, and it's not like you at all to play into stuff like that."
Allie stood up and looked thoughtfully down at Scott. "I guess I don't see it as 'getting naked for their enjoyment'. I see it as getting naked to force them to take a good, hard look at their attitudes. Besides, I know from experience we might be showing some of them how beautiful a natural woman really can be. And the sooner more guys are willing to be honest with themselves about that, the better for everyone."
Scott lay back on the bed and looked up at Allie with a thoughtful grin. She was dressed smartly as usual, in a full blue skirt and gray sweater, the very epitome of demure. "God, you're amazing, Allie," he finally said.
Allie returned his smile, and gathered up her skirt to pull her panties down. "I do hope you're okay with me doing this, Scott," she said.
"I'm fine with it if you are," Scott said, watching her toss her panties in the hamper. "I was thinking, Sam and I could be on stage as your guards or something."
Allie closed her eyes and laughed. "Perfect, Scott, perfect! Anyway, I'm glad you're okay with it. I hope I don't need to remind you, what we have is still for us only. This is only a show!"
"You're putting on quite a show for me now," Scott confessed. He unbuckled his pants. "Good time for a studybreak anyway, isn't it?"
"Only now?" Allie teased. "Are you kidding? I've been dying for it ever since the coffeeshop!" She had her skirt off by the time Scott looked up from undoing his slacks and pushing them down, causing his hard cock to spring to attention. With her sweater and thigh-high stockings still on, her robust triangle looked even bigger than usual. She was teasing the edges of it with her fingers as she stood at the foot of the bed, and he found it mesmerizing.
"God, Allie, c'mere, now!" Scott whispered. "Just like that!"
"In this sweater? I'll be hot as hell!"
"You already are," he chuckled, and against her better judgment Allie climbed onto the bed without removing any of her other clothes. "Heavens, those guys won't even know how lucky they are," he said.
"Or maybe some of them will," Allie whispered, as teasingly she rubbed the tip of his cock all through her bush and around her wet lips, drawing a delighted whimper from Scott. The teasing was too much for Allie as well at that point, so without further ado she drew him inside. Acutely aware now that she was fully clothed everywhere but where it mattered most, she playfully unbuttoned Scott's shirt as she ground into his hips to both of their delight. Pushing the fabric off to the sides once she had all the buttons undone, she ran her fingers lightly down his chest.
He was delightfully responsive as usual. "God, Allie, yessss, so good!" Slowly her light touch gave way to firm rubs up and down his torso. She longed for him to return the favor on her breasts and belly, and that in turn made her all the more aware of how sweaty she was getting as they went at it.
Finally she couldn't take it anymore. "Sorry, Scott, it's just too much!" she whispered between grunts, and she pulled her sweater and camisole over her head at once. Without awaiting any word from Scott, she also did away with her bra as quickly as she could unfasten it. The warm but dry air was manna on her prickly hot skin, and his hands lying idle by his side were irresistible. Just as Allie was about to pick them up and place them forcibly on her breasts, he got the hint and did it voluntarily. His experienced, gentle touch on her nipples was just what she needed, and she felt her first orgasm about to wash over her.
"What do we tell the frat boys?" Scott asked her.
"FUCK. YOU!" she grunted triumphantly as she came.
"What'll the real men tell the little boys who have a problem with your hair?"
"Fuck you all!" Allie screeched, the intense sensation reaching its crescendo.
"Yesssssss!" Scott added as he came along with her. Allie, catching her breath, leaned down and kissed him hard on the mouth to share his magic moment. Then they fell together in a joyous embrace, Scott's shirt still crumpled beneath her and clinging to his back. "God, I can't wait to see the looks on those brats' faces," he finally said.
"Me neither," Allie said. "Or yours, while all three of us are up there!"
Scott laughed and drew Allie into a tight squeeze.
The details of how their act came to be booked at the frat house were to remain vague to Allie. She didn't care much exactly how it happened, just as long as it was going to happen. A week or so later at another coffee outing, Sam confirmed that it was. "I have a friend who was a member, he works downtown now. A disgruntled brother, I guess -- he said they're all a bunch of losers like Darlene's brother now, and he loved our idea. So he made a call, and it turns out they were having trouble booking an act -- you can imagine why, of course -- and they're delighted to have the law students put on a show for them."
"No doubt they want to make friends with the smart kids and see if they can get in," Scott said.
"Geez, Scott, you're more cynical than I am," Darlene teased. "But if I know my brother, you're exactly right."
"Speaking of which," Allie said, "Robbie doesn't suspect anything, does he?"
"I don't think it was his decision to make," Sam said. "He's, what, a sophomore?"
Darlene nodded. "I doubt he got a vote if he even knows, and I can't imagine he thinks I'd be involved anyway. It didn't use to be my kind of thing."
"Not until now, huh?" Rayma asked. "Same here, I guess."
"Oh, that's right," Allie said sympathetically. "So how are things coming along with the non-shaving?"
"Things are really itchy right now," Rayma said. "I was expecting that, but I didn't think it'd be this bad!"
"Oh, I know," Allie said, recalling her own experience. "I'm feeling a bit of that again myself on my legs, now that I'm growing them out again. That lasted about two weeks for me."
"Me too, legs and pits," Darlene commiserated. "I can't imagine what it must be like with your bush too -- ouch!"
"You're not far off," Rayma admitted. "I'm glad to be doing this with you all, but it is a drag!"
"Want to go for a swim this afternoon?" Darlene suggested. "The cool water ought to help."
"It does help," Allie confirmed. "And it might be a nice way to get used to your new look, too. Especially if you won't be alone."
Scott and Sam were sharp enough to understand it was a ladies-only outing, and they found some excuse to retreat to the bar for a second cup while Rayma considered the invitation, and then accepted it.
That afternoon on the way to the pool, Allie recalled her own first-time jitters all too well. Not wishing to exacerbate any nervousness Rayma might be feeling, she and Darlene opted to steer the conversation towards classes they had together and other safe topics. But there was no sense in avoiding the inevitable once they got to the locker room. Fortunately, it happened to be empty when the three friends arrived. "Oh, good," Allie said. "With a little privacy, we can ease you into it!" Hoping to provide a show of confidence for her friend, Allie lost no time in unzipping her skirt and stepping out of it to reveal a week's worth of growth on her legs. Darlene, as if in competition, slipped off her jeans nearly as quickly; her leg hair was finer than Allie's, but also quite visible. Rayma seemed reassured by the company she was in, and set about removing her clothes as well.
Allie required a bit of extra time to hang her skirt and blouse carefully so they wouldn't get wrinkled, so Rayma caught up with her and they both removed their underwear at about the same time. Allie nearly felt sympathy itches when she saw the harsh-looking stubble gracing Rayma's vulva and the several inches around it. "Oh, heavens, Rayma, that must be so uncomfortable just now," Allie said.
"I guess you know how it feels," Rayma said. "But it looks like it's worth it if you end up with that look!" she added, admiring Allie and Darlene's lush, thick bushes in turn. "So sensuous," she added with a grin.
"I'm not used to being the one with the smallest bush," Darlene confessed. "Kind of a nice change." Rayma wasn't caught up yet, but clearly she was going to rival Allie when her hair grew in fully, and maybe even surpass her.
The three shared a laugh and then headed for the showers, all of them still nude in solidarity. A couple of undergrads came in to change just as they got to the showers, so there was no more intimate conversation as they got appropriately wet and then put on their swimsuits. Allie had once again opted for her red suit with the skirt that was prone to floating out of the way, while Darlene, remembering Allie's comment, wore a blue and white one with her bush showing vividly through the bottom white stripe.
"So you called this 'the Felicia look'?" Darlene asked Allie as they emerged into the pool area, looking down to admire her not-quite-secret.
"Yes, and I loved it," Allie whispered, since there were others around. "So grown-up and beautiful. I couldn't wait for my triangle of womanhood to grow in -- until Corri convinced me it was gross."
"Let's forget all about her!" declared Rayma, forcing a smile as she was quite sure all eyes were on her stubbly legs. In truth, the trio did get a few odd looks, but their unorthodox grooming was forgotten as quickly as it was noticed by most of the other swimmers, just as Allie had experienced in the past. Everyone else had their own insecurities to tend to in a place where everyone was half-naked, after all.
Most, but not quite all. As Allie, Darlene and Rayma slipped into the water and set about swimming, a pair of undergrad guys took notice of them from the shallow end and, every time Allie came up for air at the end of a lap, she saw them looking away quickly. She was used to attention good and bad, and could only hope they would not make Rayma uncomfortable. On one occasion, she did make eye contact with one of them when she stopped for a breather. Clinging to the edge of the pool with her skirt up as it always was when she was still, she looked to see him smiling at her. She returned the smile and was rewarded with a thumbs-up sign. Pleased, she winked at him before diving back underwater, hoping he wasn't also paying too much attention to poor Rayma, who wasn't nearly as accustomed to the attention as Allie was.
Since it was a pool and not the beach, most of their fellow attendees were there to swim rather than gawk. And so the friends experienced nothing worse than the occasional dirty look. By the time they were done, Rayma had nearly forgotten her earlier concerns.
In keeping with their goal of liberation, the friends took off their swimsuits when they arrived in the locker room, and showered nude together. A pair of undergrad friends in skimpy bikinis were already in the shower area when Allie, Darlene and Rayma arrived, and neither made any effort to hide her annoyance or disgust at what they saw. Allie, of course, was an expert at deflecting such looks, and made a point of smiling and looking unashamed as she exulted in the steamy water. Small talk time. "God, what a great day for a swim, huh?" she asked.
"The best day for it!" Rayma replied, having picked up loud and clear on the younger women's disapproval. "Thanks for your moral support on this, both of you. It's really no worse than the usual jitters about being seen in a swimsuit, is it?"
"Exactly the way I found it the first time I came out," Allie said.
"Coming out," Rayma repeated. "That's a good way to put it, isn't it? It's something people expect us to hide for no good reason, and it takes a lot of effort to stop hiding."
"Sad but true," Darlene agreed. "And so worth overcoming all that!"
The two younger women shot irritated looks at one another, and retreated out to the pool as quickly as they could. Before the door could shut behind them, Allie, Darlene and Rayma burst into victorious laughter.
"God, I hope my brother and his friends are that uncomfortable at the party," Darlene said.
"No question they will be, I'll bet," Allie said.
"You know who I'll bet won't be uncomfortable at all?" Darlene added. "Sam. Rayma, you're going to knock his socks off."
"Very funny," Rayma said. "I mean, I appreciate him arranging this whole thing so we can put those little pricks in their place, and yeah, I'm sure he's hoping to get a look at the three of us, but that's it."
"Are you kidding?" Darlene asked. "Didn't you see the way he looked at you last week when we first came up with all this?"
"I guess not," Rayma said. "You think he's interested in me?"
"I'd bet the farm on it," Allie said. "I saw how he looked at you when you said you were like Darlene and me, and then there's the way he stuck up for you when you were talking about your bad dating experiences."
"Oh yeah," Rayma said. "That makes this whole thing a bit more interesting, doesn't it? But we'll see what happens at the party."
As Halloween approached, there was no time for more swim dates, but Rayma did report that her itching had come to an end as promised. "Such a relief!" she told Allie and Darlene one day after class. "Now that I've been through that, I don't think I'll ever shave again."
"Exactly what I promised myself, and I never have," Allie agreed. "I can hardly wait to see what you look like underneath now, Rayma."
"I think you'll find it was worth the wait," Rayma teased.
Though there would be no chance for anyone but Rayma to see that for the time being, they did hold fully clothed rehearsals for a week before the show. Debates raged on everything from the clothes they would wear and how they would remove them to the music they would dance to. Sam prevailed upon them to use a CD of classic jazz he had found somewhere. "It's old enough to sound spooky in the dark, and great to dance to," he explained, and upon experimenting in Allie's room with the lights off, they found he was right.
As for clothes, they settled on long black skirts and loose tops that made them look suitably like witches and would hide their hairy legs for the most part. The occasional glance when they twirled around would be unavoidable, but they took a gamble that if they pulled their tops off first and danced in their black lacy bras for a spell, the guys' eyes would be focused elsewhere while their skirts were still on. It was further decided, to Sam and Scott's delight, that they would wear no panties. "That'll maximize the shock value," Darlene pointed out.
"For them and for us," Sam couldn't resist adding.
"Remember your eyes are to be on the audience," Rayma scolded him. "You're the guards, after all."
"Yes, dear," Sam agreed. He and Scott were to wear black turtlenecks and blazers and dark glasses, and stand on either side of the stage while the women danced.
"Remember to keep our arms down until we raise them up to pull our skirts off," Allie reminded them. "That way, not a clue of what's coming and we give them an eyeful of it all at once."
"Can't wait to see the look on Robbie's face," Darlene added.
On the afternoon of the big day, following a dress rehearsal with the women wearing jeans and t-shirts underneath, Sam reported that he'd spoken with his contact downtown. "The boys are thrilled about the show. Rumor got out there'd be total nudity, and they're expecting a bunch of lovely preppy law school ladies."
"Well, that's just what they're getting," Allie quipped.
"They do have one request," Sam added. "They figure you'll be all sweaty after the show, and they wanted to let us know you'd be welcome to use their showers. But they want to join you."
Allie was all set to say absolutely not, but Darlene touched her hand to quiet her. "I have an idea. Let's see if any of them do want to join us once they've seen us."
"That could be interesting," Rayma said.
All eyes were then on Allie. Finally, she said, "Well, let's play that by ear. Remember, this could get ugly."
"God, I hope so!" Darlene said.
After an early dinner fortified with plenty of wine, and a hairdo session in which Allie, Rayma and Darlene did their best to outdo one another with wild Halloween-appropriate hairstyles, they were off to the frat house. Scott and Sam had arrived earlier, and met them in the otherwise-deserted basement room where the show was to take place. "They're getting an early start on the booze up there," Scott reported. "I wonder if there'll be any left after the show when their dates show up."
"They won't be having their dates at the show?" Darlene asked, a bit concerned at the prospect of an all-male audience.
"The sororities have their own shows," Sam reminded her. "Besides, this frat has a reputation for really filthy shows anyway. Word from the boys is they couldn't get their girlfriends to join them if they wanted them here."
"Can't say I'm surprised," Allie said, as she and Scott were clearing the stage for the dance.
"A couple of the frat brothers are in drag up there for their costume party, along with a whole bunch of pimps and a flasher or two and some other generic nasty costumes," Scott explained. "But that's the only sign of any women up there."
"Well, that and the drinks," Sam reminded him.
"Oh, God, forgot all about that," Scott said. "Just as well, though."
"What, girlie drinks for Halloween?" Darlene asked. "Pink ladies, maybe?"
"Well, no," Sam said. "What he meant is, they're having bloody Marys up there. And because we're talking about a bunch of immature males, they're using tampons instead of celery stalks."
Allie laughed. "I actually think that's a nice touch for a Halloween party!" Neither of the other women objected either.
"Well, either way, the joke's on them," Sam said. "Again because it's male-only, they didn't bother soaking the tampons first -- they don't even know how they work, of course -- so half their drink is getting sucked up before they can even get the damn straw in their mouth!"
That brought a hearty round of laughs from the friends, after which Rayma asked what all three women were wondering. "How didyouknow how they work, Sam?"
"I'm an enlightened twenty-first century gentleman, and I'm full of surprises!" He said it confidently, but he was busying himself with hanging the black and orange curtain he'd bought over the stage, so Rayma didn't see him blush.
With scarcely five minutes before the door upstairs was set to open, Sam popped in his jazz CD and, with the curtain drawn, Allie, Rayma and Darlene took a quick spin on the stage, mimicking their planned strip moves without actually removing anything, while Sam and Scott got some practice keeping their eyes pointed forward from the sides. The situation had them both struggling not to laugh at the absurdity of it all, so they were as grateful for the last minute practice as the women were.
When the first knock came on the door upstairs, Sam was off to dim the lights and light the candles that were set around the edges of the room, while Scott went up the stairs and ushered the audience in. Sam had just enough time to light the last of the candles when the first of the frat brothers made their appearance. He was not at all surprised to note Robbie and Bigmouth -- whose real name none of the friends had ever learned -- were among the first to arrive and claimed front-row seats for themselves. After some harsh words about senior privilege, Robbie was prevailed upon to move back to the third row, but Bigmouth stood his ground and kept his coveted seat.
Behind the curtain, of course, there were only the sounds of the scuffle upfront to go by. "Are you both ready for this?" Allie asked one last time. "We could always make them think we duped them into no show at all, if you'd rather."
"Are you kidding?" Darlene asked. "What we're going to give them is so much worse than no show!"
"And maybe it'll open some of their eyes if there's any decency in them," Rayma mused, clearly nervous as she was wiggling back and forth on her right leg.
"You're more optimistic than I am," Darlene said. "But no, Allie, I'm not going anywhere!"
"Me neither," Rayma declared, and at that moment she stopped her wiggling. Together they donned the pointed hats they'd picked up at the costume shop, balancing them somewhat precariously on their wild hair -- that would be the first article of clothing to be removed, naturally -- and took their places. Allie on stage left, Darlene on the right, Rayma in the middle.
They heard the music begin, and after ten seconds or so of competing with the jostling for seats, the crowd quieted down. "Welcome, gentlemen!" Scott called out. "On behalf of the law school, we are ever so delighted to share our Lovely Ladies of the Law with you tonight, and I know they're delighted to share their secrets with you as well! Just remember one rule: look but don't touch. That's what my friend and I are here to make sure of."
"You mean you're not on a mission from God?!" called out one of the brothers, clearly already drunk on bloody Marys as were many of them.
"Oh, you could certainly say we are, my friend," said Sam. "Just be a bunch of well-behaved young men, and you'll have no problems with us. Everybody ready for the show?"
A deafening round of cheers and squeals and "yeah"s ensued, and Scott pulled the curtain away.
The fact that Sam had started the CD early made for an awkward start to the dance. But as soon as the curtain was out of the way, the women could see -- and hear -- that it mattered little. Most of the guys were hooting and hollering and bopping up and down in their seats, whipping it up for its own sake. They caught the beat soon enough and were whirling about in unison, much to the boys' delight. Darlene made ever-so-momentary eye contact with her brother and was delighted to see him looking horrified. On her next turn towards the audience she thought she detected him trying in vain to call attention to himself -- perfect.
Just as Sam and Scott had reported, the audience was awash in bizarre -- and mostly rather tasteless -- costumes, and the naughty witches soon realized theirs were among the least racy costumes in the room, at least as long as they were still wearing them. Amidst the guys in dresses and tight leather outfits, one young man stood at the foot of the steps in a raincoat, which he pulled back periodically to reveal he was wearing only a Speedo underneath, with a tag marked "You wish!" taped to it.
In keeping with the motif, a chant of "Take! It! Off!" started somewhere in the audience and had spread throughout the basement even before Allie, Rayma and Darlene sent their witch-hats flying off to the side. Though that revealed nothing but their wonderfully big hairdos, it earned a hearty round of applause. Darlene saw even Robbie was forced to clap along, lest anyone wonder why he didn't. A few brave souls jumped up and tried to collect the hats as souvenirs, but Scott and Sam blocked them. The hats weren't cheap. Thus far, both Scott and Sam had avoided looking behind them. Darlene wondered if it would even be possible for them to keep that up throughout the show. Rayma half-hoped Sam would sneak a peek. Allie didn't care if he did.
TAKE IT OFF! TAKE IT OFF! TAKE IT OFF!
The point in the song where they ripped their tops away was imminent. Darlene, to her surprise, was thrilled at the chance to make Robbie squirm some more. Rayma was the only one with any doubts, but seeing the big smiles on her two friends' faces, she kept those doubts to herself, and when the crescendo built up, she had both hands poised on her hips at the ready just like they did.
Two last swivels of the hips as they faced the leering frat boys, and off came the blouses in a beautiful synchronized whoosh. Scott and Sam knew the moment had arrived from the thunderous applause and hollers from the boys. They managed to keep their eyes on the audience -- it was easier than Sam had expected, since clearly most of the guys were clearly poised to grab at his friends if they had any chance of success. But he was hard as a rock imagining what was just behind him. He delighted especially in watching Robbie struggling to look only at one side of the stage.
There had been a moment -- just the shortest blip -- when Allie, Darlene and Rayma had flashed their unshaven pits at the boys while pulling their blouses away. But from their vantage point, they could see it hadn't troubled anyone, not with the promise of so much more to come. Their bras were next, and for the occasion they had worn easily removable, front-fastening strapless ones. With the ice now broken, Rayma was almost happy to be getting out of her bra, as she was well-endowed and the poorly-designed garment was less comfortable than no support at all. And so her enthusiasm was not at all feigned when, just as the music was quieting down again, she reached up and sensuously undid the two flimsy clasps.
They rubbed teasingly at their breasts without pulling the fabric away until the trumpet's next bigblatt, at which point they all pulled away with their right hands, raised the bras high over their head for two twirls, and tossed them off to the side. Darlene's ended up hitting Scott in the back, but he never took his eyes off the audience. The revelation had them whipped up into their biggest ball of raw horny enthusiasm yet, and he didn't dare look away. Sam likewise stared down the rowdy crowd, keeping his face set in a stern look, though he longed for a glimpse at Rayma's breasts.
All five friends had wondered if the sight of their unshaven armpits would bring things to a screeching halt at that point. But the consensus was all eyes would be on their breasts and nowhere else, and evidently they had been right about that. From the stage, the women saw every indication that things were still on track. Besides the screaming and hooting, some of the guys were mock-humping the air. The flasher by the stairs appeared to be stroking himself through his raincoat, and they would later learn a couple of the other more well-hidden guys in the seats were doing the same.
One last pivot-and-twirl before the grand finale, their swirling skirts revealing their hairy legs for just a teasing moment, to no one's evident disapproval -- maybe it just hadn't registered with them, but Allie was slightly worried now that maybe it all wouldn't have the shock value they were hoping for.
But there was only one way to find out, and the time for that was now upon them. The last big buildup to the song's finale was also their cue to reach behind them and untie the drawstrings, and the last of their inhibitions had gone the way of their bras by then. Rayma's heart was in her throat as the enormity of what she was about to do washed over her in the last moments. Smiling through her nervous embarrassment, she managed to look forward to giving the jerks in the audience just what they thought they wanted.
"Ready?" Allie called across to her friends. "3 -- 2 -- 1..."
Scott and Sam were left to only imagine exactly what went through all the other guys' minds at that moment, as Allie, Rayma and Darlene stood still and spread-legged with their arms triumphantly up. Though they were not treated to the sight of three pairs of long, shapely legs sprinkled liberally with short hair, each pair coming together in a thick, full triangle -- more of a diamond in Rayma's case -- all capped off with armpits that hadn't seen a razor in a month, they could tell immediately that the plan had worked perfectly.
At the big moment a few genuine-sounding cheers went up, though they were never to know whether they were genuine cheers of appreciation or just a lagging response from guys who were expecting shaved- and waxed bodies. Whether sincere or accidental, those cheers were quickly drowned out by boos and hisses and expressions of disgust. "What the fuck?" "Is this a joke?" "Gross, man!" The music came to an end, and Allie, Darlene and Rayma remained in their triumphant pose with every inch of their bodies on display for the extremely unappreciative audience. A few of the guys had already made their escape upstairs, but most were still gawking in morbid fascination (or, as Allie and her friends were eventually to learn, tacit appreciation).
After a few minutes of near-riotous conditions, their old friend Bigmouth stood up and quieted them down. "Hold off, guys, hold off, this has got to be some kind of a joke. It's Halloween, remember? Let's treat the ladies like the human beings they are and let them finish their show. I mean, thosearepubic wigs and hairy tights, aren't they? The strip isn't done yet...right?"
Scott stepped to the middle of the stage, blocking some of the guys' views to no complaints. "Gentlemen -- and I use that term loosely -- that concludes the show. What you see here is natural beauty if only you can appreciate it."
"Appreciate it?!" came a voice from in back. "What the fuck? You said there'd be women here, not...that!"
"We said there would be women, and there are. Three beautiful adult women, with hair on their bodies just like you have. Now, we did have a deal that the ladies would be welcome to use your shower. Those of you who wish to join us for that, you may, under one condition. No touching unless they say you can."
"You assholes, why would we want to touchthat?!" Bigmouth whined. "Come on!"
"Dude, that's my sister you're talking about." From a few rows back, Darlene watched Robbie stand up from the shell-shocked crowd to accost Bigmouth.
"Your what?!" demanded Bigmouth. "Okay, now you're an even bigger asshole than they are, Robbie, if you're sittin' here watching your sister do a striptease."
"They're all somebody's sister, aren't they?" Robbie said. "Or at least somebody's daughter. How'd you like it if it were your mother up there? Hell, maybe 30 years ago shewasup there!"
"What did you just say?" demanded Bigmouth. He lunged at Robbie and the two were soon rolling around on the floor, pummeling each other and scattering chairs every which way while the others half-heartedly tried to pull them apart. Scott and Sam looked at one another wondering if they should try to help break it up, but they tacitly admitted that would be dangerous with Allie, Rayma and Darlene still standing nude behind them. In any event, their services proved unnecessary, as the boys were able to pull them apart before too long. They were only just pulled out of one another's reach, exchanging non-violent but harsh misogynistic insults, when Scott and Sam pulled the curtain shut with their backs still turned to the women, who retreated to the shower room.
Sam could resist no further. Sitting on the bench in the changing room adjacent to the showers, he announced, "They won't mind me seeing them naked if I'm naked too. You don't mind, do you?" he asked Scott, already kicking off his shoes and hurriedly undoing his belt buckle.
"No, I don't mind, because I'm going to join you," he said with a grin. "Remember, I've only seen one of them naked. So you like the natural look too?"
"Never thought of it before that day at the coffee shop, but I've been thinking of it ever since," Sam replied.
"It was a revelation to me, too, the first time I saw Allie in the pool...wow." Scott was still impressed with the memory of that day.
A few of the frat brothers were hanging around expectantly outside the shower room when Scott and Sam -- both nude and definitely not what the boys were there to see -- arrived at the door. "Guys, if you want to join us, you've got to take your clothes off too," Scott announced. "Your call, but don't let us see any of you past this door with even a sock still on, you got that?"
There were a few grumbles as Scott and Sam turned into the shower room, but the last thing they saw was the onlookers reluctantly beginning to undress.
The showers were a cacophony of victorious shrieks and congratulations, and none of the women showed any sign of resentment as Scott and Sam joined them. "We showed them, didn't we!" Allie yelled lustily as Scott scooped her into his arms.
"Can't believe my brother actually stood up to that guy," Darlene said. "I hope I made him awfully uncomfortable first, though!"
"I'm pretty sure you did," Sam confirmed. "Remember, I got to watch him up close throughout the show. It was fun, but I'd rather have had his view!"
"And now you do," Darlene said with a welcoming grin, boldly reaching for his hard cock to tease it a bit. Just in time she stopped herself. "May I, just a bit?"
"You certainly may," Sam said, and he responded in kind, caressing Darlene's wet bush. "God, this must be so much fun to wash," he quipped.
"Oh, it is," Darlene reassured him.
"That's what I'm finding too," came Rayma's voice from over his shoulder, and so once he and Darlene were done with their flirtation he turned to see her beaming at him. He gazed in fascination upon her heavy breasts, curvy hips, shapely legs that were just as hairy as his, and the forbiddenness of all that only made them all the more beautiful to him...and most of all, her massive bush, cloaking her intimate charms in the most dignified costume he had ever yet seen. Sam was speechless, and hard as a rock.
"God, Rayma, you are so..." he stammered.
"Oh, heavens, Sam, just shut up and kiss me!" He did as he was told, and they enjoyed a long, passionate embrace. When they finally opened their eyes and came up for air, they saw they had an audience: three of the frat boys from outside had obeyed the rules and undressed to join them. Two were simply looking on in fascination at the erotic show, while the third was deep in conversation with Darlene. She seemed to be appreciative of his attention, and so Sam held back from interfering.
"Thanks for the show," one of them said finally. "It was nothing like we expected."
"Well, that was the idea," Scott told him.
"I'm so glad it was," the younger man said. "You learn so quickly these days, if you like the natural look, keep your mouth shut about it. It's so great to not have to hide that for once."
"You thinkyouhave something to hide?" Allie spoke up. "Imagine actually being one of us."
"I believe that," he confessed, though he said it to Allie's bush rather than her eyes.
Meanwhile, Allie was looking back and forth between her admirer and the guy chatting with Darlene. All at once it came to her. "You saw us at the pool, didn't you?"
"God, yes, and I'm so sorry we stared at you!" said Darlene's new friend. "It was just so...rare, you know, to see women like you anywhere anymore." Turning back to Darlene, he continued, "As I was just telling you, I really did want to come introduce myself, but what do you say in a situation like that?"
"I understand," Darlene told him, and to his shock and delight she gave him a hug. Pulling back, she grinned at him. "Go ahead, don't be shy, not on a night like this. Touch it!" Gently and almost reverently, he did, and Darlene let out a moan of approval. "Lovely," she whispered, and kissed his cheek.
After a brief conversation in which Allie and Rayma also let the visitors stroke their bushes a bit, the frat boys took their leave and the friends were left to dry off and head out for a victory drink. "You were so cute there with your admirer, Darlene," Rayma gushed as they got dressed.
"He asked me out for next week and I said yes," Darlene said. "Imagine what Robbie is going to think of that!"
"After this, you're going out with him?!" Rayma exclaimed.
"I think it's great," Allie reassured her. "The one smart thing my ex-friend Corri ever said to me was, there's something to be said for a relationship when you've already seen each other naked before the first date. Especially true for women like us and the guys who like us, if you think about it."
"I'll say," said Sam, who was adoringly fastening Rayma's bra.
"I'll bet you will," teased Scott. "I had a feeling about the two of you."
"We all did except them, I think," Darlene said.
They saw their way upstairs and out into the October night, where revelers in costumes were out and about. The party was over in their host-frat's house, though, thanks to the anticlimactic ending of the show and the fight that had followed. It was, they would see as soon as they were outside, the only quiet house on the block. Just as they made it to the front door, they heard Bigmouth one last time, screaming from a couch where he was nursing a black eye. "You goddam cunts, we oughta sue you!"
"Dude, shut the hell up!" came another voice -- Darlene thought it might be her date's, but she didn't look back to see -- followed by the sound of a well-placed punch.
As they shut the door behind them, Darlene burst into a victorious laugh, and then Allie and Sam said "I love you" to Scott and Rayma in unison.