Candi Palmer followed her friend Kody and the biker looking bouncer named Brutus out into the bar area of the club. The lights were dim yet it was evident by the movement just outside of the bar that this promotion was going to be big.
In awe Candi gazed about the audience and staging area to witness cameramen with large camera's. They were in their final moments of setup as a member of the crew faked dancing around the stripper pole to garner laughs. They were making certain all angles were covered. There were smaller cameras at each corner of the room to capture the far away angles and close-ups.
"Wowza! This is all for me?"
Behind her amazement came a gruff voice, "The notorious Fluffy!"
She reverts her attention to a looming man of his late 40's, with sparse hair and a deep tan. He wore a white button down shirt and blue tie, accompanied by blue jean slacks. Both of his shirt sleeves were rolled up to his elbows.
Candi nods sizing him up, "Looking more like a Clydesdale than a Pony, Pony."
He fans his arms from side to side, "This IS St. Louie, Baby! Home of the Clyde's."
She fidgets at his flirtations then looks down at his crotch, "Let's just hope that you can keep Clyde in the stables and not prove to be a Shetland."
Kody snorts behind Pony and moves in to pat her boss on the back, "She sure has you sized up." She then uses her fingers to mimic a three inch width, "Try My Little Pony!"
Everyone laughs in order, even the brawny Brutus.
Pony lowers his gaze and nods to himself, "Yeah, yeah! Brutus take Fluffy's bags back to the dressing room."
Candi abruptly points at Brutus snapping, "And DON'T be trying on my outfit!"
Brutus turns red and snarls then walks away.
Kody leans on Pony's shoulder, "Be careful Fluff. Brutus just might out of spite. We wouldn't want your outfits stretched out and you looking like you're dragging around a cougar skin rug."
Pony smirked then moved to sit up on a bar stool. He motions Candi to join him. Sitting her clutch purse on the bar she eases up into a stool across from him. Once facing the man Pony looms his gaze back at Kody, "Go on back with Brutus. I'll let you stay here and help Fluffy get made up and ready for the stage. Afterwards, don't let the door hit the whore."
Kody sneers and winces heavily, "You have such a way with words, Pony." She then squeezes Candi on the shoulder, "See you in back. Don't let him trample you."
Candi nods with a wink as she watches Kody depart. A second later, she turns her vision toward Pony.
"So! Big Hoss! How many people am I guaranteed to bring in house tonight?"
The man shrugs, "Over 300 invites were sent back. Never sent out invites before so who truly knows what kind of turn out you get. Only the folks that saw you dance before know you. The other invites I sent out were to the real moneymakers. If they show up I say you should be bathing in bills."
She smiles, "I can bed presidents. Woohoo! Is our other agreements intact? I can do anything to anyone I want?"
"And, they can do anything to you they want. I expect you to keep your end of that bargain. Words out that's the case. Don't make me a liar."
"As long as nobody gets too brutal. I'm fine with it. Please enforce condoms."
"Words out on that restriction too. No cover, no hover." He chuckles faintly.
"Thank you."
He puckers looking at her, "Y'know, I'm going to advise you to protect yourself. Just in case, I'm telling you that you should do your best to remain anonymous. Sexy little gal like you might get some unwanted fans if they know what to look for. Get my meaning?"
"Ummmmmmm! You really believe I might get a stalker?"
"Never know, Kid. You're a little too appealing. Natural beauty without any makeup. Perfect body. Everything a man wants. I would even be careful speaking. The friendlier you are the more they fantasize."
She raises an eyebrow, "Yes, but isn't that the point? To be their fantasy?"
"Not at the risk that you get hurt outside of my protection. I put thought into this Kid. Work with me on this."
"Okay? So what should I do?"
He stands up and stretches out over the bar to clutch a paper bag behind it. Hoisting it over he sits it on the bar then digs inside it. Out comes a pink leather mask which he shows her.
She drops her jaw, "You want me to wear a leather mask? Oh, wait it has cat ears. I see what you intend. You want me to play Catwoman." She giggles, "What are these buckles?"
He motions at her throat, "Neck straps. These keep anyone from yanking it off. Pull your hair up inside it."
She shakes her head, "No. I want my hair out and easy for guys to grip. I'll wear the mask if you think it's show worthy. Where I come from not many people I know would recognize me anyway. As far as strangers go I think the mask is enough to protect my identity."
Pony offers a negative response, "Those big blue eyes would be easy to spot. We need to fix those too."
Again he digs into the bag and produces a small box. Lifting the lid he turns it to show her the contents.
"Cats eye contact lenses? That's kind of neat. I can wear those too."
"Glad you see things my way." He holds a finger up, "One more addition to your disguise."
A final search inside the paper bag he introduces her to "Fake tattoos. Let's put a tramp stamp on that lower back. Something guys would love and the nut jobs would remember to look for later if they feel insane. Hopefully it would throw them off."
She goes expressionless, "I feel like you know there's going to be stalkers before I even dance."
He frowns, "I've been in this business a long time, Kid. I know that when guys see something they like, they pursue it. I made a promise to your Hubby to keep you safe. I'm doing my best here."
She understands and shares a warm glint, "I appreciate that, Pony."
Noting a clock behind the bar Pony urges her, "You better go get ready. Brutus and I open the doors in an hour. You have thirty minutes more to get ready. Once the seating is full I'll motion the DJ to start your entrance song. I'm sending Brutus to the parking lot to be on call if needed. Otherwise, you're on your own. I will NOT step in unless I see blood."
She shivers, "I'm not afraid to claw some eyes out. I'm tougher than I look."
He winks, "I knew that the second I heard your voice."
He stands up and points her toward the backroom.
Candi stretches in her step then stops to look over at Pony. She slowly moves in and reaches down to grip his erection, "Just saying hi to Clyde."
She then twists in her step and vanishes.
Locating Kody in a small dressing room Candi see's her sitting in a chair lost in thought. So deep were her thoughts that she didn't know Candi was behind her. Candi waved her right hand over Kody's eyes to get her attention.
"You alright, Cordelia?"
The brunette frowns at the use of her real first name, "Don't push it Fluff. I can make you up to look like a clown."
They share a laugh as Candi sits across from her holding the gathered additions given to her by the club owner.
"Might as well be a clown. Pony gave me enough costuming to be one."
Kody examines the mask, "This is cool. I didn't know he invested money on you. Other than promoting you of course. He's usually cheap as hell."
Candi fidgets, "In all honesty I don't want to wear any of it. I need Damian to see that it's me out there. Not somebody in disguise."
"Did you tell Pony this?"
"No. I understand that he's looking out for my safety. We can film a cell cam segment with me putting this stuff on and Pony's reasoning. I'm sure Damian will understand too."
Kody nods along with her friend before a second of silence. Suddenly, Kody claps her hands together once.
"I bought you something too. I hope they fit."
She twists in her chair to procure a box under the makeup table behind her. Handing it off Candi eagerly opens it up to stare at them in awe.
"Stiletto heels. Ummmmmmm! I've never wore stiletto's in my life. It might be short lived if I try wearing these on stage."
"Try them on. Size 7 if I guessed correctly."
Candi grits her teeth then takes the right foots heel and slips it on. Then the left foot. Standing was surprisingly easy. She puckers toward Kody, "Size 7 works. Good call. I guess if I can balance on roller skates I can balance on these. If not they can roll me back to the stage in a body cast and have their way with me anyways."
Kody belts out a shrill laugh and watches Candi walk in the heels quite well. Dancing in them would prove the true test.
"I got this. Thanks for the gift oh bosom buddy."
"My pleasure. Let's get you unpacked and dressed."
"I've been thinking about that. Why make the guys wait. I can tease like crazy without stripping. If I'm going to wear those heels it might be safer not having to remove things over my feet. Let's skip the fuzzy outfit. Heels, mask and Me! Good enough."
Kody shrugs, "Not much to the imagination. But, it is your show, Critter."
Thumbs up Candi strips out of her clothes including her heels for the time being. Naked she stands up with her back to Kody. She then bends over bringing the fake tattoo around for Kody to grab it.
"Paint me up, Van GoGo."
Kody giggles and assists in dampening Candi's spine with a water bottle before gently applying the print of a cougar slashing out at any onlookers. The cougar of course had a cute red bow on it's head.
"You're a little young to be a cougar unless you're chasing toddlers." Kody chuckled.
"Blame Pony. At least it has a hint of Hello Kitty." Candi giggled along with her cohort.
Once applied Candi admired herself in the mirror.
"I've never ever thought of getting a tattoo. It looks cool on me, but I dunno. I hope Damian doesn't get any ideas about a real tattoo after seeing this. I like my flawless skin."
"Tattoo's aren't so bad as long as they're tasteful." Kody points at the tribal on her left hip.
"Yeah, but you look hot with yours. It fits you. I'm not convinced I'm cut out for any tats."
Easing into her seat Candi made certain not to sit back on the newly pressed tattoo for fear of messing it up. She reaches out to grip the leather mask and slips it over her head, jostling it about over her scalp for a good fit. Tugging at her hair to pull it out for a flowing look was difficult but she would have to make the best of it. She then reached both hands up to clasp the tiny buckle together.
"Oh, wow! I love this look. Sexy Me!"
As Kody puckered her approval Candi opened the contact lens case and carefully slipped both contacts into her eyeballs. She then stared at herself in the mirror.
"MeeeeeeeeeOwwwwwwww! I'm digging Pony's idea here. I'm soo ready."
After twenty minutes more of banter they could hear random music telling them that Pony and Brutus were letting people in.
Over the music Candi heard her cellphone ring and swiftly dives into her bag to obtain it. Looking at the caller her jaw dropped, "It's Damian!"
As Candi answered it Kody decided to step away out of guilt and check out the forming crowd. The first fifty people had taken their seats or were at the bar ordering drinks.
She spotted a band of men she knew very well and decided to sneak out to greet them without Pony seeing her. Luckily he was busy taking money.
"Phil. Doyle. Walter. Hey Guys!"
The fifty something gentlemen were handsome and fit. Easily understood that they were hardly poor.
"Hey yourself Beautiful." winked Doyle Chamberlain, a millionaire property developer.
Phil stood shyly away from the rest as they talked.
"Phillip, I hope you're not this shy during the show. This girl is a dream come true."
Phil smiled reluctantly. All day long he had sensed a bad omen. He thought hard about canceling his trip but his brother Walter gave him hell. Not too mention Doyle had informed him that their current business negotiations were hardly finalized. Phil needed to lighten up and live a little. Doyle made certain his entrapment worked.
As their conversations winded down Kody noted another fifty or more people settling in.
"I better head out Guys. Before Pony has my hide. Enjoy the show. Fluffy is awesome. Trust me!"
On her final vote Kody shuffled back into the dressing room. Candi was still on the phone.
"I won't let you down, Damian. MASTER! I hear my adoring fans rumbling now. Oh hey, my friend Kody that works here just showed back up. I love this girl." A brief crease in her brow while listening Candi lowers the phone and reaches toward Kody.
"Damian wants to talk to you."
Eyes wide and dreading Kody claims the cell placing it to her ear, "Hello?"
Damian's voice was gruff and distant, "I remember you very well."
Kody swallows hoarsely, "I'm sure you do. Your WIFE loves you very much."
Damian sighs, "As she should! I hope our history remains just that."
"Of course. I'll look out for Candi like she's my own sister."
He clears his throat, "Who know's, maybe one day the two of you might truly become sister's. I seem to recall a certain loyalty in your voice and actions."
"I'm very fond of your wife."
"SLAVE!" Damian bellows.
"Yes. Your slave."
With a darkening tone Damian whispers, "Our secret!"
Kody grimly smiles regretfully, "Yes. I'll give her a hug for good luck. I hope to meet you sometime in the future. Stay alive over there, Soldier."
She then returns the phone to Candi, "Hi Baby! SIR!"
Damian hisses, "She sounds nice. Focus on your job. Tonight MUST be outstanding. If you want your reward."
"Reward? Sir?"
"PERFECTION!" He snarls making her tremble, then leaves her to listen to a dead line. Damian Palmer had hung up.
She stares without blinking as Kody shy's away from even looking at her. Kody hated the situation at hand. Part of her wanted to fill her in on the past. The other half feared destroying the girl's soul.
Yet, another half recalled an evening three years back. A very memorable evening.
Under her breath Kody ushered, "Godammit!"
After a few minutes of reflection Kody turns to face Candi and reaches down to take her hands. Kneeling before her she looks directly into her eyes, "You ready, Sis?"
Candi mumbles, "Perfection. I have to succeed. I'm definitely ready. Are they?"
She was so smug and confident. Kody used to be this way.
As Kody pulled her into a hug the two sighed on each others shoulders.
The door behind them made just enough noise to break their bond. Brutus ducked his head inside, "Let the cat out."
Candi lifted her chin off of Kody's hair to face him, "Gotta put my claws on. Be right there."
Door shutting, Kody swiftly moved her palms to both sides of Candi's face. A warm kiss to her lips left no words. Candi merely smiled and nudged her friend aside to gather up her stiletto heels and don them. Standing fiercely with pride in her eyes, Candi grips her tits and lifts them into a jiggle.
Kody stands up to face her, "Brutus was talking to me. I have to leave the building. I'll be outside with Brutus. I won't leave I promise."
Candi ignores Kody and steps toward the door. Opening it she turns to lower her gaze toward the floor.
"I want you and Brutus to go home."
Kody drops her jaw. She hesitantly notes the girls persistent demeanor. She would honor her request, against her better wishes. Of Brutus she had no say. That would be up to Pony.
As Kody left she formed a tear.
Making her journey from the room to the back curtain leading to the stage she sat her bag of tricks down beside her. It was then that Pony met up with her. He looked her over with a smirk, "No costume? Brave girl."
She stares up at him through her cat eyes, "Pony? I want you to go to your office and stay there. Do not argue with me, please."
He winces at her, "I own this place Kid."
"AND FOR THE NEXT FEW HOURS I OWN THIS STAGE. AND, THESE MEN OWN ME!"
"Not happening'! I'm your only safeguard. It's on me if condom's aren't used. Besides there's things I need to get done before the end of the night."
She folds her arms over her chest defiantly. He could tell she would refuse to enter the stage unless he agreed. Finally, he rolls his eyes.
"I'll present you then disappear for an hour. You take the blame if anything goes south."
"None of these men will go south. BET ON THAT!"
Pony shakes his head, "Five minutes, Kid."
Stepping out on to the stage Pony feels the spotlights heat as he grabs a microphone from a man on the sidelines.
"ARE YOU FELLA'S READY FOR SOME CATNIP? OR IS THAT CATNIPPLES? GO WILD GENTLEMEN. YOU KNOW MY RULES. BREAK THEM!"
The crowd roars at his words. Their eagerness to play made Candi explode inside. Pure adrenalin spoke out to her. She was ready.
The music changed to her very first dance song. Her signature tune of Janet Jackson's "Black Cat".
She tilts her head on to her shoulder as the curtain draws open, "Oh the memories. This is for you, MASTER."
The audience whooped and hollered their applause as there she stood in all of her glory. She could hear them acknowledge that she had left her clothes at home. She had made the right decision.
As the spotlights fluttered around her on the floor she had a brilliant idea. She dropped to her hands and knees dramatically and chased the lighting. The sound manager understood immediately and narrowed the beams into smaller spots.
Candi darted seductively about rolling one second then prowling the next. The spotlights waved from side to side forcing her to pursue them. Finally she crawled to the stripper pole and clawed her way up it. Her gaze then stabbed directly at the crowd. She then hissed and clawed toward them. The crowd loved it.
As the song progressed she met with the rhythm and beat by flailing her body sensually and darting from one side of the stage to the next. She played coy at first like a real cat shying away. It taunted the men into a verbal frenzy. Hearing their rants she wagged a finger around the room and mentally scolded them.
Toward the end of the song she made certain she prowled to the middle of the stage on all fours and curled up into a ball on the final note. Applause rang through the building as her second song rolled out.
Ted Nugent's "Cat Scratch Fever" forced her to her feet fiercely and circled the stage dropping to her knees at the edge to lick her paws. So close to the edge she felt hands roll over her legs and in to tickle her clit. She looked down at them and hissed playfully and clawed at them as if defending herself then just as swiftly smacked her own hand as if to say "Bad Kitty".
With that move she stood up and prowled in another direction doing the same tactics three more times to give the men their chance to be bold. They needed to realize they could gradually get away with anything. Each time she fanned her legs wide and let their hands roam.
The cameraman would zoom in on their hands first then her face to witness her tongue swirling around her lips. After long moments the lighting manager snuck a few more thin spotlights to chase. Well planned by the cameramen the lighting manager was told to scan the spotlight directly over the crotch of a standing man. This caught Candi's eye and she giggled.
Stalking the spotlight on all fours she reached the edge of the stage and pawed at the man's jeans. She looked up directly into his eyes and said, "Mousey!" This prompt left her to outstretch placing her mouth and teeth directly over the man's bulging erection. Doing so made the man fan his arms from side to side enticing the crowd.
He then placed his hands into position to unfasten his jeans. Each time he did she pawed at him as if kneading until he had unzipped and unhooked his belt and pants. Boldly he peeled his boxers down and let the whole room see his eight inch mouse.
She teased it with the music's rhythm tickling the foreskin and finally utilizing her tongue to lap at the crown. The crowd applauded as she noted three more men stand up and do the same. This made her feel the need to go from man to man. Prowling from each she sucked on one after the other then rolls around on her back playfully as if rejoicing.
Nearing the end of the song she crawls back toward the curtain to dig inside her bag. This made the four men stand there stroking themselves. From the bag she pulls out five clear plastic salad bowls which she slid across the stage at each of the men. Once noting the men catching them she reaches back inside bringing forth two large balls of red yarn. She holds them in her teeth until she reaches center stage where she leaves them.
Her next song begins with Harry Chapin's "Cats in the Cradle" which allows her softer sensual side to offer the men her tender approach. As the song plays she crawls to each of the four men and holds the bowl up to their cocks giving them the right idea of filling them with their ejaculation.
A few more suckles on their cocks brought more men to boldly add their own bravado. She collapses on her back with her shoulders to the edge of the stage drawing one of the newcomers in to nibble on his balls. That same man squeezed her tits and pinched at her nipples. She grew goosebumps at his touch.
The men beside them on both sides nudged closer to reach out and roam their hands over her body. A single hand found her pussy hole and inserted fingers. This made her wiggle in delight.
The man she was feeding on chose the moment to ram his cock deep into her throat. Back and forth for long thrusts. Finally, she pulls away with tears welling up due to his girth. She rolls over and licks her lips before prowling back to center stage.
It was there that she took the balls of yarn and playfully tied sections around both of her ankles. She then found targets along the stage that had yet to get brave enough. Candi then rolled the balls to trail strands of yarn in their direction. Once unrolled the men caught both balls and realized what she wanted. They literally used the yarn to drag her across the stage into their grasp. Once close they grip her stiletto's and bring her ass cheeks to the ledge. The men then moved to each side spreading her legs wide.
One of the earlier men who already had his pants down slipped through the crowd and nestled in to slap his cock on her clit. This made her arch her back at the thrill. Condom added he swiftly stabs his cock inside her and continually pumps until she bellows out an echo of moans. Drowned by the music the crowd could only witness her silent pleasure. As did the cameramen.
Fucking her for the duration of the song the man filled his condom with jiz before pulling out. Holding the full condom up for the crowd he bowed then reached beside her head to empty the contents into the salad bowl. This would prompt the crowd to add fuel to her diet.
Gleefully she clapped like a child and started to push herself back up on the stage. The two men that had caught her balls of yarn had other ideas. They decided to step away from each other in order to make the string taunt. Then they pulled her back to the ledge. The gathering separated enough to allow the two men to yank her legs as wide as humanly possible.
Her heart pounded at the tension on her thighs as the outstretching allowed the crowd a dramatic view of her hole gaping for entry. She hoisted herself up on to her elbows for a better view and hisses.
The crowd began to talk amongst themselves until a line formed. Six men dropped their pants and underwear readying their chance at that glistening hole. The first man immediately donned a condom and dipped his seven incher inside her pussy. He rolled his head back at how warm she was even through the latex.
As the song closed he had thrust inside her at minimum thirty times. Snarling he pulls out of her and greets the crowd with yet another full condom. From his left the salad bowl was offered for him to spill its contents into the stew.
She squeezed her tits together sighing at the drama unfolding. Noting the other bowls were being filled from the sidelines by men jerking off into them. She smiled at their efforts.
Her next song was a little more aggressive as "Girls, Girls, Girls" from Motley Crue stormed the building. This fueled the remaining men in the line to dive right in and fuck her harder. The next gentleman leaned over her and gripped her by the throat forcing her toward him. The strain was unbearable yet she endured. His grip cut off her air flow as his thumbs pressed heavily on her windpipe. Her felt the tiny buckle of her mask loosen slightly. At the thought her eyes flared wide. Then just as quickly she didn't care. Her body was convulsing at his pounding inside her. With a muffled scream she has her first orgasm.
Giving way to another man the gent released her throat and allowed him. He went on to add his shots to the salad bowl. This new man was black and smug. She felt his fingers reach under her chin strap and use it to pull her limply back toward him. He rammed his girth inside her then leaned forward to kiss her. Candi offered him her best tongue action under his assault.
Time after time men jumped forward to replace another. To her joy the consistency of the men were filling the bowls rapidly. By the time three more songs had passed she had been fucked by twelve others if not for short durations.
Finally the men holding the yarn taunt loosened their rein allowing her to close her legs around the man now fucking her. Wrapping her ankles about his waist she cried out in ecstasy. This particular man lifted her off the stage and cradled her in his arms. He chose to turn around and face the crowd who cheered as his thrusts caused her to arch backwards. In her keel men rolled their hands all over her, squeezing and taking turns sucking on her nipples. Her mind was lost to the pleasure felt. So deeply that the cameramen filming her were the furthest thing in her mind.
Growling loudly the man torpedoed his jizz into the condom so forcefully that she felt its torrent. Finally, the man lifted her up into the arms of the crowd. She was now surfing over the heads of at least fifteen younger men. With their sheer mass they held her high with ease. She could only stare up at the ceiling and the intensity of the lights. Rolling her eyes back she felt them spread her body out. She then felt the cold chill of a beer bottle being inserted inside her. Then, another being eased into her ass. Jointly the bottles were used to fuck her. Slightly painful she bites her lip and accepts the brew screw. Beer was still in the bottles, with suds up inside her and spilling out toward the floor. Men were beneath her catching the beer trickling off of her ass cheeks.
Laughter ensued at her expense.
For ten minutes she endured it before the men chose to stop and carry her to a table far from the stage and set her down on it. It happened to be the table of Kody's friends Doyle, Phil, and Walter. Doyle grabbed her behind the knees and drew her around to face him smiling at her exhaustion. She gathered her senses and smiled at him. Raising her left hand up she palms his face and offers up a playful growl. Doyle nods moving his hands to his pants and stands before her. As he unfastens his slacks she leans in and licks his nose. Laughing he drops his pants and sits back down on his stool. He then strokes his erection slapping it on her ankle. She hisses and watches as he decides to ease her off of the table and into his lap. She was slid perfectly into his penetration. For ten minutes she rode him without realizing he had no condom on. At this point her hormones shoved away her sensibility.
He kissed her warmly as he nestled her shoulder and neckline. His teeth tugged on her masks buckle until the clasp literally broke away. This left the strap dangling between her breasts. She tried to be concerned but lost interest due to his passions. Finally, he began tensing up under her writhing thighs. Awaiting his explosion she heard a voice behind her antagonize Doyle.
"Save some for me and Phil. Her I mean. Not your jiz."
The voice immediately struck her as familiar. Her eyes bulged and her thoughts cried out, "Please God, don't let that be..." She then felt Doyle pull out and pepper her with his cum all across her belly, hips, and legs.
Snarling Doyle yells back across the music, "All yours, Walt." then heaves her ass back on to the table. She froze suddenly and scanned the crowd. The cameramen were zooming in on her next move. She trembled, "Oh, Damian. I can't fail you. God help me."
Walter winced as he pulled her toward him to face her. He was more concerned with getting his fingers violated by Doyle's leftover jizz than checking her out. Gathering napkins he begins to clean her when she claws at him dramatically hissing. She then rolls her fingers over the peppered spots on her body. time and time again she licks the fluid off of her fingers and offers seductive purrs.
Doyle chuckled to her right, "She likes my milk. Does a body good don't it?"
She nods in his direction allowing Walter to now explore her chest. She reaches up and pulls his head in between her breasts and crushes his profiles. Her mind races in thought.
"I can't believe I'm doing this." She fears looking to her left. Bad enough to face Walter.
Pulling away she has a sudden inspiration that might save her. So she hoped.
She slides as if to go into Walter's lap then notes that he was ready. His dick was in full view and primal. She whined under her breath not counting on him being so prepared.
"Nooooooooooo!" She feared helplessly.
Walter slid his seat back and allowed her to drop her heels to the floor between his legs. She made a swift decision and palmed his girth while leaning in to lick on his earlobes. The less this man looked directly at her the better she thought. Even worse she needed out of sight to avoid the man Phil to her left.
Giggling out of nerves and trickery Candi kneeled down between Walter's legs and forced herself to take a deep breath before planting her lips around his shaft. Bobbing back and forth while squeezing his balls led him to finish quicker than he had hoped. Her intent exactly.
Just as he tensed to cum she pulled her jaw away and jerked him rapidly until her entire chin, mouth, lips, and nose were coated by cum. She felt like vomiting. Even more so as her eyes averted to the man's lap to her left.
Luckily the man had his pants still on.
Crawling away from Walter under the table she weeps slightly as she finds it necessary for performance to run her hands over Phil's crotch. She found no erection.
"Thank you, Lord. I owe you one."
She instead eases her way up between Phil's legs to stand facing him with cum frothing from her lips. She prayed that her appearance would gross him out. As Phil looked directly at her chin she again praised Pony for his decision to disguise her. With the contacts and mask on she wouldn't be nearly as recognizable.
Faking her giggles she snuggles up to Phil and kisses him on the cheek. Walter's jiz made Phil wince and feel repulsed. She shrugs looking over at Doyle then the crowd and peels away to finally escape the table.
Dancing about she fondles multiple cocks until she could make her way back to the stage.
Reaching it she stumbles amidst a gathering of Black males that circle her. They force her to her knees and crowd together releasing six monsters on her at once. She wipes her chin of jizz then notes a cameraman aiming a handheld directly down between the men. She licks her lips of Walters remains then wags her tongue at the camera before attacking the beasts before her.
Sucking one after another she tussled with their aggressive nature. All of them force fed her with their hands behind her head to make her suffer. In their gestures of torture her mask was gradually prying away from her skull. She began to ball then forced her emotions back. Her tears would reveal her fears. Damian could never bear witness to those emotions. She would gasp and laugh after each cock release playing it off that the men's girth and pressure had made her eyes tear up. Not far from the truth.
On her last of the black men she noted the salad bowl being passed between the others. It was half full. Her mind was racing.
Then, her third worst fear happened. The last black man yanked her mask completely off and held it high over his head yelling, " I SKINNED THE CAT!"
He then tossed it out into the crowd.
Her eyes bulged in their dampness. In doing so she felt a contact lens slip out and on to the floor. In their shuffling another of the black men crushed it under his shoe. She was unraveling fast now, even as the man in her mouth continued to redden her cheeks under his assault.
Finally, her other contact slipped out. She was revealed to the world. Surrounded for the moment she was safe. But, the second she hit the stage she knew the risk of recognition was greater. The man pulled out of her mouth and flooded her face. This allowed her to hide behind another mask of cum.
As the black men began to disperse, a white man in a business suit stepped in to assist her to her feet. Guiding her toward the stage delicately he rubs her spine then her ass. Admiring it he stops her ascent and peers over his shoulder at the crowd. Grinning from ear to ear he slaps her ass hard. This left a print on her cheek and caused her to yelp.
Nodding at the crowd with ego he held her firm and spanked her other cheek garnering the same result. Time after time he slapped her gathering a cheering section. She finds her hands on the ledge to hold herself firm to allow him to continue.
Her teeth clenched she felt his final slap just as he began to unfasten his pants. Inspiration strikes and he removes his belt before dropping his pants. Curling up the leather he draws back and snaps the belt on her ass roughly. This made her cry out. Two more strikes he exhibits before wrapping the belt around her neck and cinching the belt through the buckle. He brutally snugs it up around her throat and palms the center of her shoulders. Then he shoves her forward until her chest crushes on to the stage. She felt him then move in for the kill. He aimed his six inches well and penetrated her ass. For the next eight minutes the crowd cheered him on as her ass felt like ripping. She resisted tears and became bitter. Her final act was to hiss, growl, and snarl like a cat. Her nails clawed on the stage floor.
Her only thoughts, "Please hurry up. Please don't let him recognize me. Please don't let Damian see your pain. Please!"
Exploding in her ass the man arches his back and leers over at the crowd chuckling. "TIGER BY THE TAIL, BABY!"
The men loved his roughness and humor. He pulled out and stepped aside to spread her ass cheeks wide to visibly show the onlookers his jiz drooling from within. Finally, he unfastened his belt and snapped it for the crowd's approval.
In agony she stands proudly with her back to the crowd. A moment of silence then she shakes her ass out of defiance. Let the world think she loved it. In some ways she did. More so if certain people weren't observing her.
She crawls back up on the stage and prowls about to the music. The song now becomes the band, "Whitesnake, "Here I Go Again".
Her dancing made her sweat matted hair lash about. She utilized her locks to disguise her face each time she stalked toward the table of Walter, Doyle, and Phil.
In her stride she noted Pony had rejoined the crowd holding up her pink leather mask for her. She made her way toward Pony and bent down to hover over him. She claims the mask then puckers deciding to reach over and playfully pull it over Pony's head instead. The crowd in turn roared with laughter. Shaking his head as she forsakes anonymity he pulls the mask off and watches her brave the stage.
Candi admitted to herself, "I'm so stupid. This is for you Damian. No hiding. Not from Anybody."
Still she resisted eye contact with the table. However she did notice that Phil was walking away through the crowd toward the bathrooms. A sigh of relief entered her soul. This gave her a few more minutes. If only Walter didn't get a good hard look at her.
As the song faded down Pony took the stage beside her with a microphone.
"What do you think of my little Hellcat here, People?"
The crowd cheered and tossed fistful's of money on the stage.
Pony in turn chuckled and feigned a blush, "Awwww For Me?"
This drew jeers and laughter at his expense. Finally, he holds a piece of paper in the air, waving it about.
"The time has come, Gentlemen and not so Gentle Men. Pull out those raffle tickets I handed out at the door."
Candi coyly stepped in behind Pony to whisper, "What raffle?"
He looks over his shoulder, "Blame that Husband of yours. This was his idea."
"What are you raffling off?" She shrinks.
He merely smiles, "I told you I had things to do tonight. By the way, that mask should have been put back on."
She regrets not doing it, "I know. I know. I refuse to hide from Damian. What's done is done."
Pony shakes his head, "Tell yourself that after this gig is over."
Her eyes flare wide. What was Damian's plan?
She spots Phil returning from the Men's room and timidly she hides behind Pony. Phil was looking directly at her and creasing his brow. The lights were in his eyes luckily as he shades his brow with his hand.
Pony returns to the mic, "When I call out your winning ticket you get the honors of coming up here on stage to feed the Cat. Looks like those bowls of crème are spilling over. Doesn't it Fluffy?"
He then sidesteps to put his arm around her shoulder and guide her out of his shadow. She pulls her hair down over her cheek and shy's away from direct eye contact. Her remaining hand merely claws toward the crowd.
Behind She and Pony, a cameraman nudges an inflatable kiddy pool out to center stage. Pony then escorts her to step up into it. She kicks off her heels so as not to puncture the pool and lowers herself into a sitting position.
Pony then calls out, "The winning number belongs to "PHIL JERIKOFF."
Candi chokes immediately, "Noooooooooooooooooooo!"
Out in the crowd Phil had just reached his table when he heard the number. He froze in his step and looked at Walter and Doyle who egged him on. He shook his head hesitantly until Doyle points at him, "We came here to close that Property deal. Get your ass up there or I'll take my business elsewhere."
Walter in response stood shocked. He knew Phil needed that property for a new housing division. Without the property he would be forced to lose a fortune. In turn Walter nodded for Phil to just do it.
Phil wanted no part of this. He only came tonight for the deal. Not to eyeball some stripper getting her brains fucked out.
He growls and looks toward the stage then hears the crowd chanting, "PHIL! PHIL! PHIL!"
Finally, he shakes his head and shuffles reluctantly toward a set of steps to the side of the stage. With each step Candi's heart pounded in fear. Even if it had been five years since he had seen her how could he not recognize his own daughter.
"Daddy! No!"
Phil stumbled on the last step and walked slowly toward the pool and Pony standing over it. She had pulled her hair low on both sides of her face in disguise. Her hair was so much longer than when she lived at home with him. Her tan dark and golden. He knew her to be this shy, awkward, pale skinned nerd. His work kept him from raising her properly. Even when his wife, her mother died he had sitters over more than not.
Phil hadn't even ventured to come give away his daughter at her Wedding day.
As Pony left her side to scoot the large salad bowls of cum toward them, Phil decided to look her over. His brow creased heavily as she sulked. Just as he tilted his head out of a glimmer she clawed and hissed at him behind her mane.
Pony lifts a bowl of cum up and hands it to Phil who offers a look of disgust at it.
The club owner then raised his mic up to start a chant.
"FEED THE KITTY! FEED THE KITTY!"
The crowd in turn rejoiced and continued the verse. Doyle and Walter left their table and shoved their way to the stages rim. Doyle yelled out, "DROWN THAT PUSSY!"
Walter laughed then suddenly caught Candi's eye. He winced and looked ever so harder before dropping his jaw. He swiftly looked at Doyle with shock. Another glance at Phil who was trying to ignore the girl in the pool.
Candi realized that Walter knew it was her. Uncle Walter knew! She coyly placed a finger to her lips that made Walter go pale. A look of sadness crossed his face. Then came the reminder that this woman, his very own niece had blown him and wore his cum. He had to turn away.
Phil closed his eyes as he saw her climb up to her knees. Without further wait he spills the bowl of cum directly over her head, cloaking her in a milky mask that seeped into every crevice , every pore. Her own eyes sealed to avoid blindness. Yet she took that moment to locate a camera trained on her and sit up proudly. Hair to her sides now. Face perfectly in view. She had chosen to risk everything for her Master.
A second bowl is handed to Phil who dumps it on to her bulging breasts. Yet another bowl coats her spine to her ass cheeks. A final fourth bowl less full is drained over her gaping mouth. She choked on its denseness and stood carefully up to throw her arms in the air in triumph. The cum was enough to conceal her face from Phil.
Applause all around left Phil suddenly feeling more attentive. He smiled at them with a smirk.
As Candi turned her back to Phil he admired her ass and the tattoo on her lower back. He rubbed his chin slightly while at the edge of the stage Walter moved about nervously in his step. Doyle cheered the crowd on with a wave of his hands.
"SUCK HIS DICK! SUCK HIS DICK! SUCK HIS DICK!"
The venture created another wave of chants that made Candi whine under her breath. She tilted her head on to her shoulder to glance shyly at Phil who was trying to fend off their goading.
She took a deep breath as she eyed the cameras then turned to carefully step out of the pool and walk directly up to Phil. Her head lowered he couldn't see her face. She knelt down in front of him and unzipped Phil's trousers to his discomfort. He found her fingers peeling away his boxers to remove his gently aroused penis. Her own Father was getting turned on. She swallowed his cock in all of her cum coated glory and felt him shiver in his step. He actually grew harder with each constriction.
Through the corner of her eye she saw Walter holding his hands over his face out of shock and unease. Still, he said nothing. For the best.
She released his cock from her lips and rolled the foreskin over her face. Phil suddenly didn't care that other men's jiz was smearing all over him. She kissed the crown and took a bold initiative to raise her gaze directly up toward Phil. Her piercing blue eyes locked on to his for all of two seconds. Then she lowered her eyelids and swallowed him whole yet again. He was stammering in his steadiness as her mouth reared back and forth without relent.
Suddenly, Doyle restarted yet another chant.
"ADD HIS JIZ! ADD HIS JIZ! ADD HIS JIZ!"
Walter grit his teeth and offered an expression of agony. He hated himself for certain. Yet he calmed when he saw Candi wag her index finger in his direction. All those years of watching her grow up he would silently lust over his own Niece. Nothing of course would become of it. Until today. Without even knowing. Fidgeting at her he realized that his desires came true. Exhaling he utters, "Holy Shit!"
Phil had to lean on Pony for support as Candi continued her feeding. This was totally for Damian. Better or worse. Her vows were equally as steadfast during her lifestyle change as it was on her Wedding day. She would hate herself later.
Phil groaned as Pony looked to the crowd and chuckled, "I think ole Phil is ready to blow." He then raises the mic up to Phil's echoing moans for the crowd to capture. Finally, Phil detonates as Candi pulls back and assists him with ejaculating a new coat of paint all across her face. Again she looks up directly exposing her blue eyes to him.
Shaking sporadically, Phil tried to look her in the eye but had to seal his lids to catch his breath.
Done, Candi crawled to her feet and circled the stage with her arms outstretched. She stopped directly over Walter and leered down at him. She stood smugly then dangled her left foot down to taunt his face. Walter choked but lowered his eyes to her toes parting his lips. Without another thought he sucked on two of her toes until she laughed at the tickling sensation and yanked her foot away.
Toward Doyle she raked cum on to her fingers and splattered it in his direction. He chuckled and raised his beer.
Taking a final bow she scurried off the stage and into the back room. It was here that she dropped into a chair and fell silent.
Thirty five minutes later the crowd and the music ceased. Pony made his way back to the dressing room. He noted her quiet retreat.
"You okay, Fluff?"
She scowled and looked up over her brow, "Not really. I'll live. Damian had better be proud of me or I've destroyed everything I love."
"I'm sure he will be. You were a trooper, Kid. That Phil guy topped the evening."
She rolls her eyes and shivers but says nothing.
Sensitively, Pony picks up a towel and wipes the cum from her face and body. Kneeling in front of her he lifts her feet and even wipes between her toes. She faintly smiles as she stands up and turns around to let him wipe her back side.
"Hey Pony? You planning on letting Clyde out of the stables?"
He looks up at her chuckling, "Ain't you had enough?"
She twists to face him with her palms draping to the sides of his face.
"I'm not leaving here until Clyde meets Dale. The cameramen need a taste too. Damian would scold me for forgetting anyone."
"Well, too late for the shutterbugs." He replies standing up over her.
She reaches in and squeezes his balls gently as she gazes up into his eyes.
"Too many horses in here. They need let out to run."
He grins sheepishly and palms the back of her head merely pulling her in for a hug.
"Mister Ed needs his rest. Another time, Kid. You coming back?"
She ponders the question then sighs on his chest, "Only if Kody can join me. And, you promise to make it up to Clyde for penning him up."
He shakes his head, "AWWWWW HELL!"
He eases her off and unzips his pants dropping them to his ankles. No underwear he reveals a monster cock of nine inches and salami thick. She marvels at it with an open jaw as he grips her shoulder twisting her around in step. He then bends her over and eases his girth inside her pussy. She moans instantly, "Oh my God, Pony! That's not a Clydesdale, that's a freakin' Centaur."
His rhythm increases as her upper body flails madly. Their footing constantly inches them forward with each thrust until she reaches a loveseat along the wall. For long minutes she's bent over the arm. In her furor of ecstasy her eyes wander the pictures tacked to the wall. One in particular catches her eye.
A tear wells up on her face as Pony seals his eyes for a brutal outcome forming within. There before her was Kody naked in the lap of her husband. His mouth around her nipple.
The date written on the polaroid was two days before their Wedding.
Kody and Damian knew each other already.
She takes a deep breath and winces, "Pony? If you cum this quick I'm going to kill you. FUCK ME STALLION! GODDAMN IT FUCK ME!"
Without knowing it his amped up adrenalin took her mind off of the obvious. She would steal the picture before she went home.
For thirty minutes Pony saddled up and kept riding. Once he showers her ass with gloss he rears back and exhales abruptly like a horse whinnying.
She falls over on to the loveseat when he pulls out and curls up into a sitting fetal position. She had so many thoughts in her head. Her Father. Her Uncle. Her new friend knowing her Husband. Her job. DAMIAN!
As Pony dressed he eyes her silence. With a deep breath he sits down beside her.
"I'm all ears."
She flutters her eyes at him and smiles, "Thank you, Pony. For everything. I loved tonight."
He nods with a puckered lower lip, "Hope your Hubby loves the movie."
"I'm certain he will." She eyes the photo on the wall, "Isn't Kody beautiful?"
Pony glares back at the pic that Candi's pinky caresses.
"Always has been. Even after having a kid. No stretch marks. That was at some Bachelor Party she danced for. Private outing here at the club."
She smiles at him coyly, "Did you know that, that was Damian she was dancing on there?"
He creases his brow, "Say what?"
She crawls from the loveseat and goes to grab her cellphone. Looking up a photo of Damian and herself in happier days. She then shows him their picture.
"Wow! Cute picture. You guys looks great together." He nods gently lowering his eyes.
After a moment to pause he adds, "I doubt Kody even knows that was your Husband. Awkward though. I wouldn't jump to conclusions."
She frowns, "I'm not. Besides, that was then, this is now. I'm the wife. I'm the slave. He's my Master."
Chuckling Pony stands up placing his hands in his pockets, "Limo's outside to take you home. I imagine your adoring fans are all gone by now. Let's get your things together."
She leaps up jiggling her tits and throws her arms around him for another smothering hug.
He feels disturbed by her findings but keeps it to himself.
Before she goes she asks if it was possible to take a shower, her stench was remarkable to say the least. He swiftly agrees and takes her beside his office where his private bathroom was. Inside she found his single stall shower and banished the nights scent and stickiness. Finished up she sneaks across the club and finds her clothing. Slyly however she takes the photo of Kody and Damian down. Hiding it away in her bag.
Dressed and things gathered Pony returns to lead her through the club to the side door. Outside sits Bernard her Chauffeur. Spotting their exit the burley black man jumps from his seat and opens the side door for her.
"After you, Miss Fluff."
She crawls inside and waves goodbye playfully to Pony. As Bernard shuts the door he returns to start the engine. Pulling out on to the road she leans her forehead on the window in thought.
For the next twenty minutes she rode home in darkness. The city light long in the distance. She notes an intercom and fidgets before pressing the button.
"Bernard?"
"Yes, Miss Fluff?"
"I'm lonely back here. Can you pull over and join me?"
She hears him grumble under his breath unable to decipher his words. Yet, she feels the car slow down and pull over. Luckily, they had just left the Interstate. Seconds later he opens the door and crawls in beside her. She smiles at him then eases into his arm. He could hear her sob.
"What's wrong, Miss Fluff?" he glared at her with concern.
"I just need to be held. Can you offer me that?"
"Absolutely, Miss Fluff. Just so you know I'm a happily married man."
"And, I'm a happily...owned woman."
"Owned? You don't happen to be related to my family down south is you?"
She thumps his bicep chuckling through a tear.
"I would be honored if that were true. I just need a quiet cry. Off camera. Off the record."
"Plenty of suit to dry your eyes on then."
She smiled and placed her head on his arm.
The tears were few, but evident.