I pushed the curtains of the floor to ceiling window to the side and gazed out at the busy city traffic. The sun had set and I admired the view of the bright lights and tiny cars from the 36th floor. I dimmed the lights in the room, eagerly awaiting his return.
I stood wearing nothing but my black high heels, just the way he liked it.
There were many apartments around and anybody could see me at any moment. The thought of being watched sent a thrill through my heart.
I stood with my hip leaning against the glass window when I heard the sound of the door unlock. The sound of footsteps against the wooden floor alerted me of his presence. When they finally stopped, I swung my gaze in his direction to find him watching me with a pleased smirk.
I sashayed my way to him, enjoying the way his gaze passed over my body, lingering on my ample chest, watching my boobs sway as I made my way towards him.
With every step I took, his lust filled gaze darkened and I saw the bulge straining in his pants.
I wrapped my hands around his neck and pulled him down to me as I gave him a kiss. He gripped my waist roughly and ground himself against my stomach as he kissed me passionately.
"Happy birthday, babe," I whispered into his ear and bit it, teasing him as he groaned.
"I'm so glad you didn't waste time wrapping my present," he growled and I laughed softly.
He kissed his way down my neck to finally take a pebbled nipple into my mouth. He sucked on it and pinched my other nipple, the sensation shooting right to my pussy, making it wet.
He pushed me back slowly till my back hit the glass wall. My bare back and ass was completely on display to the whole world. The thought made me shiver in delight.
I got down on my knees and unzipped his pants, freeing his hard on.
His long throbbing dick made my mouth water, as I licked the precum from its tip. I gazed up into his blue eyes and watched it darken with desire as I took him into my mouth.
I ran my tongue over his shaft paying special attention to his slit. He gripped my hair tightly as he rammed his cock down my throat, making me gag.
I moaned around his cock and relished every groan and growl I was able to retrieve from him.
I fondled his balls, gently squeezing them and he shivered.
I could feel his muscles tighten but before he could cum, he pulled me off of his dick and I released him with a pop.
He made me stand with my breasts pressed up against the glass and my legs wide open.
"You want the whole world to see your dripping pussy, begging for my cock, don't you? You want them to see how you are a slave for my cock and how you will do anything for my dick, don't you?" he whispered in my ear and I moaned.
Yes! I did want everyone to see me like this. To see my wanton ways. I did not feel shame. I relished the thought of being watched.
There were a number of apartment windows like ours, but most of them were closed by curtains. Most people didn't really care what happened outside and it gave an illusion of privacy.
A man in the building opposite to ours, caught my attention. His hungry gaze ran down my naked body and I watched as he palmed his hard on.
"Looks like we have a peeping Tom," I said and Jack chuckled as I felt his bare chest pressing against my back.
"Then let's give him a show he'll never forget," he rumbled and wrapped his arms around me as he covered both my breasts in his large hands.
He kneaded my breasts, pinching my nipples and I leaned back into his chest. The position I was in forced me to open my legs wider and try to relieve the pressure by pushing my pussy against the glass.
The stranger had a clear view of my wet pussy and I watched him take his cock in his hands.
Jack's fingers danced across my abdomen and he slipped a finger into my wet pussy. I clenched my walls against his finger and he slipped a second finger as well.
"My sweet Lidya, so wet," he cooed into my ears and brought his fingers coated by my juices to my lips.
I sucked on them tasting myself, my gaze locked on the stranger who seemed to be watching us with his mouth wide open, stroking himself.
I balanced myself against the wall with my hands and Jack eased his cock into me from behind.
This position seemed to push him in deeper and with every thrust, his dick hit my G-spot, making me grow wild.
He nibbled my neck and pounded rapidly into my pussy, while his fingers strummed my clit.
The stranger in the other building was watching us and I noticed him stroking himself in time with every thrust. My boobs were bouncing on my chest and the sound of our bodies slapping together filled the air.
Jack pinched one of my nipples while his other hand teased my clit and I found myself screaming his name as I came, clenching my walls around his dick. Jack came with a shout, shooting his load into my pussy and I felt the warm cum dribbling down my thigh.
We both stood panting and I saw the stranger panting as well.
"Looks like we put on quite a show," Jack said in an amused voice and I giggled.
I waved at the stranger and he seemed shocked that I'd noticed him and quickly hid himself behind the curtains.
"He didn't wave back," I said with a pout and Jack laughed as he wrapped his arms around me, guiding me to the bedroom.
"He probably didn't expect to be caught by us," Jack explained and I nodded.
"Thank you for that wonderful birthday gift, Lidya," Jack said and gave me a kiss.
I was really lucky to have a husband who seemed to love my exhibitionist ways.
"I would do anything for you, Jack," I replied truthfully and we went to sleep.
--------------------------
A week after Jack's birthday, I returned home after shopping at the mall.
"Jack?" I called out as I removed my coat and brought my bags inside.
"Over here, honey!" Jack called out from the living room and I walked over there to find Jack watching me with an amused grin.
"Look who I ran into at the park today," he said, his blue eyes twinkling in mischief.
I noticed a man sitting on the couch looking nervous as he gazed at me.
He was wearing glasses and it took me a moment to recognise him.
"Peeping Tom?" I exclaimed in surprise and Jack burst out laughing while the guy blushed furiously, making him look like a tomato.
"Uh.. I'm Henry.. Not Tom.. And I'm sorry.. I.. Uh.. Watched you..." Henry stammered looking quite adorably ashamed.
"Its fine Henry. You made the whole thing more exciting," I said reassuring him.
"Oh! Uh..." The poor guy was speechless and I glanced at Jack who was watching our interaction with a smug grin.
I raised my eyebrow at him questioningly.
Jack was upto something and I was both excited and apprehensive about it.
"Do you remember what you told me on my birthday?" he asked.
"I said 'Happy Birthday'?" I said drily and he rolled his eyes at my bland reply.
"You promised you would do anything for me," he reminded me.
"Yes I would. What about it?" I asked.
"I want to watch you fuck Henry," he said bluntly and I raised my eyebrows in surprise.
We've never done anything like that before and I found myself intrigued by the prospect.
I glanced at Henry, his messy brown hair and flushed cheeks. He looked like a cute nerd.
"You ok with that Henry?" I asked him and his eyes widened in surprise as his gaze jumped from me to Jack and back again.
He gave an imperceptible nod.
"Yes or no Henry?" Jack demanded.
"Yes," Henry squeaked out and Jack gave a wicked smile.
"Excellent! There's just one condition though," he said and Henry and I looked at Jack in question.
"You both will listen to me and do everything I tell you to do," Jack said firmly and I shuddered as I got excited by the idea.
Henry already had a visible bulge in his pants and I smirked.
"Good. Now strip!" Jack ordered and we hurried to obey him.
This was going to be fun!
We both stood naked in front of Jack as he sat on the couch with his legs spread open. He unzipped his pants and took out his long, thick cock in his hands. He started to stroke it as his gaze ran over both our bodies.
Henry was thin and lanky. His long prick with a reddened mushroom top jutted out proudly and I could see a drop of precum at its tip. Jack was really good at building anticipation.
"Lidya. Come here," Jack ordered and I walked up to him, curious about what he was going to make me do.
As I drew nearer to him, he grabbed me by the waist and settled me across his lap. He rested my head on the armrest so that I could face him while my body rested on his lap.
What was he doing?
My legs were positioned over the armrests on the other side.
"Spread your legs, Lidya," he commanded and playfully flicked my clit and I cried out in surprise. He smirked at my reaction.
"Henry. Eat her pussy," he commanded and Henry came forward hesitantly and settled between my legs.
He looked up at Jack questioningly and Jack nodded.
Henry moved closer and tentatively licked my pussy. I briefly wondered if he'd ever done this before.
"Henry! Eat her pussy like its the most delicious dessert on the planet. Like its your last meal before you die. Fuck her pussy with your mouth! Make her scream and beg for more!" Jack growled out and I could feel my pussy quiver at his words. Henry moaned into my pussy and I was surprised at how he took Jack's advice to heart and ate me out like he'd never tasted anything like it before.
I tilted my hips and couldn't help but try to grind my pussy in his face.
Jack encouraged me to stroke his dick and I did with one hand.
His hands roamed over my body, especially over my boobs as he rolled the nipples between his fingers, pulling and tugging them nonchalantly.
Henry sucked my clit, the sensitive nerve endings sparking as my orgasm surprised me and I came with a shout.
I laid as a quivering, panting mess in Jack's arms and he smiled.
"Good boy," he said and I watched Henry blush at the compliment, wearing a look of male pride on his face.
Jack ushered me off his lap and made me kneel between his legs.
"Suck my dick, Lidya. I know how much you love to have my big cock stuff your mouth," Jack said and slapped his cock across my face.
I heard Henry's sharp intake of breath and I smiled. Jack could be quite crude and I loved every minute of it. Having an observer was turning me on like crazy and I was ready for more.
I took Jack's cock into my mouth, licking the velvety skin with my tongue and sucked. His hands dug into my hair and tugged, the sting making a delicious burn across my scalp.
"Henry, fuck her," Jack ordered and a few seconds later, I felt hands on my lower back as Henry nudged his dick into my pussy. I clenched around his cock once and he groaned.
Both my holes were stuffed and I raised my eyes to Jack in gratitude for this wonderful feeling.
I eagerly sucked on his cock and wrapped my hand around the base. I moaned around his cock and he thrusted it down my throat.
"Faster Henry!" Jack commanded and Henry speeded up, plunging his dick into my eager hole.
Jack's muscles clenched and I knew he was close but he gritted his teeth, trying to be in control.
Henry slammed his dick into me, slapping against my clit with every thrust. The pressure was building inside me and with a cry I came, spasming and milking Henry's cock as I felt him shoot his load into the condom.
Jack pulled his cock out of my mouth, jerked it a few times and shot his load all over my face. I licked the cum around my mouth, savouring the salty taste of it.
Henry slipped out of me and we all collapsed, breathless on the ground.
"Did you like it, baby?" Jack asked me, sounding curious.
"No," I said and he frowned.
"I loved it!" I replied cheekily.