Lou and I stepped out of the SUV and stretched against its jet black frame for a moment, loosening the knots that had accumulated from riding in it for the past 4 hours non-stop. We'd driven to our mutual friend's home, and were eager to not let a single second be wasted of the evening. His roommate was out of town visiting family, and he had no work the next two days. Exactly the kind of evening that's perfect for getting rowdy.
"I don't wanna knock, what if his roommate isn't actually gone?" Lou said in her small, anxious voice.
"Don't worry sweetie, I'll let him know. You just make sure you look as cute as you can" I replied, pulling out my phone and flipping its cover around in one well-practiced motion. I triple tapped my screen, waking it from its slumber, and tapped to send a message.
- Hey nerd, we're here. Abre la puerta-
In a few seconds, a light ding came through and my phone lit up with a reply.
-Idk what that means but the door's unlocked. Nerds-
I turned to Lou, to see her using the SUV's mirror to preen her beautiful collarbone length aqua blue hair. She'd curled it lightly before my arrival, and it smelled faintly of lime, like she'd cooked with it, and it wafted to her hair and lingered. She'd worn a mid-thigh length skirt with lace edging, pulled up her waist to show off her thigh high fish-net stockings. Her shoes were pseudo-combat boot style heels, and she'd topped it off with a black patent leather bustier with no bra underneath.
"He says we're good to go in. You ready?" I asked her, glancing up and down her body.
"Yeah what do you think?" She did a little twirl for me, flashing her bare ass. She'd taken her panties off.
"Yes, but put the panties back on. I plan on using them" I said, running a hand down the side of her cheek. When she complied immediately, stepping into her white lacey thong again, I smiled a half smile and praised her, "Good girl". The response in her was immediate, as her head dipped down in a pleased little nod and she smiled.
We stepped to the front door, where I opened it for her and gestured inside. "After you"
"Yes ma'am" she responded, her 5'4" body dipping into the doorway.
Recognizing the layout of the suburban home, I lead her through towards music in the back side of the house, my left hand on her lower back. I used my other hand to open the door the music was drifting out of, and we were bathed in the warm light of the room within. Seated at a computer in the far corner of the room, was our friend. He swiveled when he heard the noise of our entry, and a grin lit across his face, his dimples creasing deeply.
"Hey nerds!!" he said, jumping to his feet. He was in deep green camo cargo pants, bare feet peeking through the bottom, and a simple black t-shirt with a faded logo across the chest. As I looked him up and down, my eyes returned to his, which were fixated firmly on Lou, traversing her lithe little body. I couldn't help myself as I smirked at the knowledge. I loved that I was touching her, and he was across the room, out of reach. I loved even more that the newness of the situation left him unwilling to close the gap. I glanced down at Lou, and saw a flush on her face. She knew he was looking at her too. She enjoyed it, but she was also self-concious.
I broke the tension with a kind, motherly kind of voice, saying "So, Matt, what do you think of Lou's outfit?" Without looking at her, nor even breaking contact with his eyes, I held out a hand to Lou, and continued "Go on Lou, give him a twirl". She whispered "Yes ma'am", grabbed my hand, and I raised it to allow her to twirl in a position that gently lifted her skirt high enough the lace of her thong could peer out at us. As his mouth parted in surprise, his eyes darted at mine, and were met with my grin. I winked at him and turned to Lou to kiss her forehead. "Thank you, that was a beautiful twirl."
Matt gestured at the sofa in the room and told us to make ourselves comfortable. I sat down on one end of it, and looked up at Lou. "Would you like to sit on my lap little one?" I asked her.
Her face brightened, while Matt's fell slightly, and I tried to cover a smile with a quick pinch of my lips together. My plan was coming nicely, and if it continued it wouldn't be the only thing. Matt pulled his computer chair over a couple of feet and sat in it so he could sit across from us.
"I ordered pizza a little bit ago, when you texted that you were in the city limits" he said, continuing "So any minute now it'll be here."
Lou and I nodded, commenting that we were famished, so that would be good.
Once food arrived, we broke out the vodka and OJ, and made it a party. We talked for a long while about work, and family, and of course touched on future meetups because my what fun we were having.
My cheeks were warming rapidly, and I knew Matt and Lou were already well on the way to drunk themselves. The next phase of my plan was ready to move. I reached up and moved the hair from beside Lou's ear with one hand and placed the other on her hip.
"Say nothing, only do as I ask of you. Nod if you understand."
She nodded imperceptibly and I continued.
"Good girl. Look into his eyes. Good. Now lean into me and put your right leg on the couch." She complied instantly to each demand, and I kissed the side of her neck lightly. "Very good little one."
Looking over her shoulder at Matt I could see his eyes darting southward and then back up, his breathing coming in more laboured already. This was going to be entirely too easy.
I squeezed the hand on her hip, and traced the other up the belly of her bustier lightly. I trailed light fingertips around the cleavage, and up to her collarbone. Using just my nails I lightly traced each collarbone in a figure 8, and her head lulled back into my shoulder. A gasp from across the room barely distracted me as I felt her hip flex lightly to the side. I moved my left hand from her hip and slide it up to cup her breast, straying around but never touching her nipples. My right hand came up to her face, brushed hair aside, and trailed around her cheeks, then down her nose, and around her lips ever so lightly. They parted when my thumb pressed, and I slid it inside a quarter of an inch, teasing across her teeth and pulling out before she could bite me.
Her body curled into and against me, gyrating in small yet growing circles. I kissed her neck again, flicking my tongue out to taste her skin as I did so. She whimpered slightly, and my heart beat faster as I continued the light touches across her body. Trailing down to her hips, I dipped fingers below her skirt band, just near her hip bones, then circled them out again. Her ass pressed into my thighs in response. I slowly meandered my right fingers down her side, to the bottom of her skirt. With my left I grasped her left breast and simultaneously lifted her skirt to her waist, fully exposing her thong to Matt, whose eyes were wide and breathing ragged now. I chuckled low, at which point his eyes darted to mine. I winked at him with the eye contact and slid my hand across her inner thigh, pulling her leg further up the couch and exposing the dampened patch of panties. Her whimpers turned into light moans, and her hips moved in larger circles.
I whispered into her ear again, "Take your bustier off, and you may touch your top half only little one" She nodded and immediately complied, reaching a hand back to unzip her bustier, grasping her own breasts before it had fully slid off both arms. I looked down her chest and licked my lips, wanting to taste the stiffening nipples myself. Looking across at Matt, he appeared to have the same thoughts.
I massaged and traced her thighs, sliding hands underneath to tug at the soft flesh at her core. Her pussy clenched as I did, and her moaning amplified. The best part of being a woman teasing a woman, was knowing exactly what would drive one crazy. Right now I knew she ached for me to touch her, to sate the heat that was radiating from her.
With Matt distracted by her swiveling hips, I brought my left hand up to her neck, moved her hair to the side again, and bit into her flesh, feeling her pulse under my tongue. I licked the bite, gently, then brought my nails raking up her left side, hip to ribs, red trails welting brightly behind. Her body arched hard against me, and she cried out, voice echoing hotly against the room's walls. His eyes again changed focus quickly, and another moan escaped, this time from him. My desire was gnawing inside me, hot against my belly, but I refused to give in to it. I wanted the long game.
I continued scratching at Lou's olive skin, nipping around her shoulders, and roughly grabbing her breasts to peak her nipples over and again. She was writhing on my lap now, her ass pressing against my own belly and stoking my arousal. I brought my hands down and pulled her panties to one side, two fingers sliding around her clitoris and down towards her ass. She thrust her hips downwards, and I wrapped my left arm around her waist to pull her into me.
I circled my thumb around her clit, index and middle fingers spreading her labia and closing again with each open and close of the circle. My pace quickened, and I began sliding my middle finger inside her with each circle, rocking my hand back and forth. Her hips thrust faster against me, and her breathing started to hitch periodically. When her hand came down and grabbed my own free hand, I knew she was going to cum soon.
"Do you want to cum for me little one" I whispered into her ear, nipping at the lobe while my hand's pace sped up slightly.
"Yes mommy. Please can I" she said between breaths.
"Almost little one..." when she whimpered, her face flushed, and I looked across at Matt. His breathing was laboured, and his eyes were glued onto Lou.
"Okay little one" I said, returning my gaze to her beautiful olive and peach face, her eyes closed happily, hips still rocking. "Come for me baby".
She moaned louder than she had yet, grabbed her breasts and pulled on her nipples, hips rotating and rocking in rhythm with my hand. Sliding my ring finger inside her with my middle, I pressed against her from the inside, curling my fingers towards me, thumb still rocking against her clitoris with every motion. Before long the heat inside her cavity was burning against my hand, her breath was coming hard, and so was she. My hand was loud against her flesh as I kept pace until her body pulsed in defiance. I pulled my fingers out and gently smacked her pussy while I kissed her neck again and said, "Good girl. Would you like to clean this mess you made all over Mommy?"
She nodded and said "Yes ma'am", holding her tongue out of her mouth and looking into my eyes. I slide my fingers into her warm mouth, and she flicked her tongue over and between them, sucking until no trace of her taste remained. When she finished, I pulled my fingers out and kissed her, pulled her skirt down, and grinned at Matt, winking one more time.