Lillian looked at her cell phone screen for the 5th or 6th time in the last 10 minutes. He said he'd come. Maybe he isn't coming. Lillian thinks to herself. This is the first time she's ever done anything like this and she was shaking. She remembers when they had agreed on it.
It was a last night and she was talking to Sean a guy who she was hooking up with. They had been playing truth or dare through her favorite social networking site.' Truth. 'She sent him for the 3rd time in a row. The massager from him pinged, 'What's the most daring thing you've ever done sexually?'
She thought about it and responded, 'well... hooking up with you.... I thought that was pretty crazy.' Another ping. 'That's it?!?! Do you have any fantasies or fetishes at least? 'She hesitated. Should I tell him? Well.. Why not... I guess. 'I want to be walked in on tied up somewhere....'
They continued their game and a few turns later Lillian picked dare. (Ping). She hesitantly opened the message, knowing Sean was daring in almost everything he did. ' I dare you to go through with your sexual fantasy' She was breathless. 'You want me to get caught tied up? How or where would I even do such a thing?!?' A few minutes passed. 'Sean..?' she sent.
Sean messaged back about a hour later. ' Okay I set it up, we will go to Knight Motel down the road , the housekeeping comes in at 3 pm every day. I got a room with a guy housekeeper, who's known to not be very shy. We'll meet up at 2 pm and Ill tie you up at 230 and head out. I'll be back around 430 pm okay? Its room 324, I'll see you tomorrow.'
She glanced back at her cell phone; it was 15 after 2 now. Why am I even doing this? She thought to herself. Well she Sean didn't really give her a chance to argue much, he was pretty stubborn about things. This being no exception.
Sean walked up at twenty after, smirking with a black backpack with him. He was about 6'1 with a muscular build. He had short black hair and green eyes that always gleamed like he had a secret he couldn't share. ' Hey , you didn't chicken out. Awesome.' He pulled out the room key and unlocked the room moving so she could walk in.
He smirked at her and glanced around the room. It was a simple studio motel room. A full sized bed with tacky sheets, a small TV, and carpet that looked like it hadn't been replaced since the 80s. Sean started pulling things out of his bag and glanced at Lillian.' Well... Get undressed.'He winked.
Lillian walked into the bathroom and she looked at herself in the mirror. She stood at 5'6 with blonde hair and blue eyes. She had 40DD breast and crazy amazing hips. She had just got into the habit of working out, so she had been in great shape lately. She stripped off her tight white tank top and jeans, dropping them to the floor. She put her hair up in a preppy cheerleader ponytail and smiled at herself. 'There' she thought walking back into the room with Sean.
Sean kissed her and placed a small camera in the corner of the room .I'm just finishing setting up, he told her. She felt nervous, what if nothing happened? What if something did happen? She didn't know what she wanted to happen more.
Sean told her to get on the bed near the headboard and pose like she was in doggy style. She did what he said and he tied her hands together with rope. He pulled the rope close to the headboard leaving a little slack in the rope, but tying it tight. Than he tied at her knees and ankles. Now she was stuck in doggy style with her legs closed. Try to move Sean commanded her. She tried , failing much to Sean's satisfaction.' One last thing' he said putting a ball gag in her mouth, and a blindfold around her eyes.
Lillian was now in complete darkness. Tied up and vulnerable.
Sean kissed her check and packed his stuff. 'Its 2:40 now, so it should be about 20 mins. Have fun sweetie.' He taunted her as he left out the door.
Now that Lillian was alone in the dark, she was panicking a little bit. Is this what I really want? How crazy am I for agreeing with this? She asked herself over and over. Finally she calmed herself down and just focused on her breathing until she was as comfortable as her body would allowed her to be.
It felt an eternity later when she heard three strong knocks. She felt her pulse fasten as her heartbeat became quicker. She heard a man's voice ,' Hello? Housekeeping!' he called as he walked in.
It sounded like a gasp of some sort and the door closed.
' Did he leave?' Lillian though to herself.
She heard a snicker a second later and a few footsteps; 'Well what do we have here? Did someone tie you up and leave you here?' Lillian heard him walking towards her and a creak when he leaned on the bed. He pulled on her ties around her ankles and knees and found they were tied snuggly.
Lillian felt the stranger's hands on her body. First on her breasts firmly, than tracing down to her ass. She felt him teasing her asshole with one finger. She tried to move away, but was unable to. The stranger saw her struggle 'What's wrong? Can't move? He asked mockingly.
He felt down to her pussy's lips, opening them, he found that she was dripping wet. 'Look at this, this whore is wet. Does this excite you whore?' He asked while putting his finger all the way in her ass then another in her pussy. Lillian moaned through her gag.
She felt a sharp slap on her ass. The pain disappeared than came back when he spanked her again. She felt his finger in her ass again. She wanted to resist, but found herself betraying herself when she had felt his tongue on her clit. Faster and slower, she felt warm tingles through her. She felt another finger in her pussy now. He was finger fucking her, now. Faster and faster. She felt her pussy juices starting to flow..
He spanked her again, leaving a stinging sensation. She felt him move and his legs on the back of her legs. Feeling his large cock rubbing against her ass first, then her pussy. She moaned as she felt his hard cock enter her pussy, slowly. She felt every inch of his rock hard cock filling her cunt. He was fingering her ass again and she found herself shaking from need. "I'm going to fuck you whore, and I'm going to leave you here full of my cum." She moaned in ecstasy as he fingered her clit until she felt more warm tingles go through her body.
He started thrusting in her pussy fucking her so hard she tried to get away, but couldn't. It hurt at first, but she adjusted and found herself on the edge of orgasm before he slowed down his thrusts. He took his hard cock out of her soaking wet pussy and rubbed it against her ass.
She had never felt a cock in her ass, so she was scared and excited at the same time. She felt him use her juices to lubricate her asshole with his fingers. She felt a little pain from it, but it faded. Slowly he was putting his rock hard cock in her tight virgin ass. He whimpered softly, but the stranger didn't seem to hear her. She felt his cock stretching her ass. He was fingering her clit too, so the pain she felt was overcome with waves of pleasure.
He started fucking her ass, and surprising herself; she had felt herself about to orgasm with his fingers on her clit and hard cock in her ass. He sped up his thrusts and she felt her body tense and relax as she orgasmed for the first time.
He pulled out of her ass, and slid his hard cock into her cunt fucking her to another orgasm. She was shaking. "I'm going to cum in your pussy whore and leave you here." She felt herself get more turned on as he sped up his thrusts to cum in her.
Cum filled her tight pussy up to the brim, and flowed out of it. The stranger pulled out and she felt him pull up her pants. He spanked her again and left out the door leaving her there.
When Sean got back to untie her; she was full of cum, exhausted, and thrilled. "How was it?" he asked her grabbing the cameras he had set up earlier. "It was amazing." She smiled.