I wondered how best to tell Bill about my new job, when I had an idea. My first shift was two days away, on a Saturday afternoon, the first of the special 'MILF and Music' events at the bar.
"I've got to do a lot of food shopping at the weekend, Bill, and I know you don't like it."
It couldn't have been clothes shopping, because he loved me exposing myself, although a lot of shops saw me coming now and took precautions. But food -- he hated it.
"Why don't I meet you in town for a drink, before we go out for a nice meal? I'm told there's a new bar opened, and they're playing all the oldies of the sort we like that afternoon."
That was agreed, and I could hardly contain my excitement. First, at showing everyone my tits, but then surprising Bill and making him watch me. It felt like weeks, rather than less than two days before I left home in a cab, clutching my shopping bags, leaving Bill to watch the sport on the TV.
Of course, my bag held my new costume and one of the button-through dresses I planned to wear for the dinner, which Bill had booked at the best steak house in town. When I got there, I had a pleasing surprise. There was a changing room for all of us waitresses, but it was just that, one room for eight of us.
I'd been so fixated on the customers seeing my tits, that I hadn't thought about the other women. The sight of a couple of other women's' naked tits set a tingle going between my legs, which was a surprise in itself, but the costumes were so minimal that there was no choice but to get completely naked to put them on.
I just didn't know where to look first. All of us were old enough to be classed as MILF's, and that meant a bit younger than me through to a couple of women who must be heading towards sixty. I thought I recognised a few of them from around town, but their faces weren't what I was looking at, believe me.
One had tiny tits, but tight, pale pink nipples. There was a black woman with DD-plus tits, with enormous areolas, which snapped tight, pushing out huge, stiff nipples when she caught sight of one of the other women's cunts, and just about every size and shape in between. Two had tattoos on them, one a rose, and the other a bluebird, and two others had pierced nipples with shiny metal rings in them. I was stunned that I hadn't realised just how varied breasts could be, and I was relieved that my own fitted right in somewhere in the middle.
It was their cunts that really caught my eye, though. Each time one of the women lifted her leg to put on her costume, anyone in the right place got a good look at her labia, and as far as I could, I tried to make sure I was the one in the right place. The variation was even bigger than between their tits. They were all closely trimmed, if not completely waxed, as they needed to be to avoid a bush of hair poking out around the edges of the costume, of course, and this just helped visibility. I thought I had big, dark lips, but one woman had lips that hung down over an inch, but were really pale, and her whole cunt seemed to be the same pale pink skin that covered the rest of her.
The black woman had large lips as well, but what attracted me more, was the way her lips opened as she lifted her leg, giving me a glimpse on brilliant pink inside her slit. Yet another woman had almost no lips at all, and at least as surprising to me was the variation in where the gash of the vulva actually started. A few started way higher than mine, and easily visible from the front, while most started like mine, at the start of the curve under my pelvis, but two seemed to start much further back.
When it came to my turn, I made sure that anyone who wanted to, got a good look at my cunt, and I was pleased to see that many, as many as for anyone else anyway, were trying to cop a look without being noticed. I knew that anyone who was at the right angle could see how wet I was, though I'd noticed several of the other women were as well. I could smell my own scent as I bent over to pull up the costume, and I was sure that if anyone had walked in on us, the whole room would have smelled of pussy.
Once we'd all covered ourselves up, at least as far as the costumes allowed, we put our masks on, and started nervously trying to make conversation, most of us being conscious of the others' naked tits close to us. Then the time came for opening, and the manager, the man who'd recruited me, came in. He reminded us of the rules, especially the no touching, no sex rules, and we walked out into the colourful, but muted lighting, and the DJ equipped with music from the sixties to eighties.
Perhaps because it was the first event of its type, there was quite a rush of customers when the doors opened. Mainly men, but a lot of couples, and a few lone women, all covering a range of ages. One of the other waitresses went white, and whispered to me that a couple of the younger men were friends of her son, and she was afraid that somehow, they must have found out about her being there, and came to get a look at his mother's breasts. I think the mask threw them, though, as they seemed to be arguing about which of us it was, and it seemed she was going to get away with it.
There were a few faces that looked familiar, but no one I knew, and I got to taking orders for drinks, making sure that I kept my shoulders back and my tits out as I walked around. The music was loud, and made me want to start dancing when one of my favourite oldies came one, and I had to bend to hear some of the orders.
When I looked over to one of the other waitresses, the way her tits were dangling and swaying was gorgeous, and what I discovered was that despite the no touching rule, occasionally I could manage to just brush a nipple of the back of the customers hand if it was on the table.
God, I was enjoying myself! My cunt was tingling, and I knew I was leaking cum like mad, and I just hoped -- or did I? -- that the costume kept it from running down my leg. A few of the couples were up dancing as well, and navigating around them with a tray of drinks was tricky. On the other hand, it created some opportunities for 'accidently' letting my breasts brush against a hand or an arm on the way back to the bar.
I was waiting for Bill to arrive, wondering what he'd think of me showing my tits and almost everything else to what must have been forty or fifty people, when some of the youngsters thought it was a good idea to try to chat me up.
"Nice tits, Mom"
"How about giving us a feel?"
I explained the no touching rule.
"How about shaking them for us, then?"
"$5 if you do..."
Well, it didn't break the no touching rule, did it? I stood and shook them as hard as I could, bending towards them, but pulling back before they could grab me. They looked old enough to have seen or even felt a girl's breasts, though they weren't old enough for alcohol, and were drinking only coke. I had a suspicion, though, that they'd taken some other chemical, because they seemed to appreciate my tits bouncing even more than I thought they should.
"Another $5 if you do it again, but bend over when you do it."
Of course, I bent forward, put my hands on my knees, and shook my tits, making them swing around energetically.
"OK, where do you want the tip, then?"
I hadn't thought about that, not having any really obvious storage places to put anything in the costume.
"Um ... just slip it inside my bikini."
Now, honestly, I had imagined that they would just slip the bills into the top, and although it would strictly speaking break the no touching rule, it would be harmless. It never occurred to me that firstly the $10 would all be in ones, nor that the parts of my costume they'd choose to slip them in were the two leg holes. It took me by surprise when the first guy did it, but immediately I realised what he was after. I widened my stance a little, and looked him straight in the face.
"So, you've got a thing about touching your Mom's cunt, have you?" I asked, smiling.
His face went bright red, but as his fingers touched my pussy lips, I saw the front of his pants swell. Fortunately, they were in a booth in a corner, so with my back to the rest of the room, no one noticed as they all had a go pushing dollar bills along my vulva. No one except Bill, of course, who had just walked in and could see what was going on.
I suppose it was mostly the mask, and not expecting me to be there that he didn't recognise me immediately. I adjusted my costume so the dollar bills weren't poking out, and walked over to him to take his order.
"Yes, sir, what can I get you?"
"Um ... a Bud would be good ... but ... you seem familiar. Do I know you."
"I hope so, darling. Can't you recognise my tits, or were you too busy looking at all of the others?"
"Fu ... Jo? What are you doing here? And why were those guys touching your pussy?"
"Let me get your drink, darling, then I'll explain," I said, deliberately leaving his imagination to run riot a bit longer.
When I went back, I explained that this was my new job. "Do you like it?"
"It's great Jo. Not only can I watch you waggling your tits at everyone, but I've got some other gorgeous breasts to look at as well. Better keep them pushed out, darling, else you'll lose my attention."
Bastard, I thought as we smiled at each other, then I turned away to serve the next table.
No one else tried to tip me, which was probably just as well, if I was going to keep the job, but the memory of those fingers touching my pussy lips was kept alive by the feel of the dollar bills next to them. Knowing that Bill was watching me with my tits inches from the customers faces, sometimes brushing against them, kept up an intense tingling between my legs.
I was sorry, really, when my shift ended, and the bar turned over to its normal pounding disco and young waitresses with tits so firm they looked like plastic, and some that genuinely were. I thought I'd better go to the restroom first to take out the bills, else one of the others might object. I should have realised. When I pulled my costume down, they were sopping wet, just pulpy pieces of paper reeking of my cum. Still $10 was $10, and when they dried, I'd enjoy using them in a shop, knowing where they'd been.
I kept them crushed in my hand, and when I got back to the changing room, I stuffed them in my purse. I'd just got my mask and costume off, as had most of the other women, when the manager came in. What lucky timing, eh? Definitely not, because when I looked around, I spotted a tiny video camera in the corner of the room.
"Well done, ladies. You were magnificent. More people came than I'd imagined on the first day, and the feedback has been great. I plan to go up to two of these MILF events each week, straight away. Any questions?"
I don't think he either wanted or expected any questions, but it gave him a chance to sweep his gaze around us all, giving him an up-close look at our tits and pussies. None of us had any questions, probably because we all just wanted to finish getting changed. I just put my front-buttoning dress on, with nothing underneath, and went out to meet Bill in the car park. As I walked towards him, having spotted him at the far end of the parking lot, I was starting to worry that he wouldn't have liked me taking this job, especially without asking him, so I threw my arms around him and kissed him.
"You didn't mind me doing this did you, darling?"
"Don't be silly, Jo. For a start, it's your body, and I don't control what you do, nor do I want to. But I loved seeing you with your tits exposed to all those people, and the way you tried to brush them against everyone", he said, making me blush because what was supposed to look accidental obviously hadn't. "Turn around and bend over the hood, and I'll show you just how much I liked it."
No, he surely couldn't be going to do what I thought, no, hoped he meant? Only one way to find out. I turned around, and bend forward over the hood, pulling up the back of my dress so he could see nothing was between him and my cunt.
I'd barely got my dress up to my waist, where it would stay on its own, before I felt Bill's cock ram against me. I was so wet still that it didn't need any guidance, but just slid down my labia, pushing them apart, and driving deep into my vagina, taking my breath away.
"God, Jo, you're such a dirty cunt these days. I could tell every man in the room, and probably some of the women wanted to fuck you. I love it, and I love you."
Shit, I was getting fucked out in the open, in a public parking lot, where anyone might see my bare ass with Bill thrusting into me. I was really frightened at the prospect, but yet super-excited as well. I tried to say something to Bill, though I wasn't sure if it would have been to fuck me hard, or to stop because of where we were, but each time his cock hit the top of my vagina, it took the breath out of me.
I was having to hold on as well, to avoid sliding down the hood, though I still managed to get one hand down to my clit. It told me just how aroused Bill must have been seeing me topless as a waitress, because he was normally careful to make sure I came, but this time it was all about him. He just wanted to come in my cunt, driven by pure animal instinct to fuck any available female.
Oh shit, I heard voices, then car doors opening and closing. An engine started, and as the car drove off it went past, and the driver tooted the horn. God, someone had seen me being screwed! I felt shame, humiliation, embarrassment but then a huge burst of arousal at the thought, and I came, crying out even though I tried not to. It must have got to Bill as well, because he came seconds later, short, fast strokes changing to slow and even deeper ones.
"I love you, Bill, that was magic, but I've got spunk running down my leg. Open the car, and I think there's some wet wipes in the glove box."
"Yup, and we ought to get on, else we'll be late for our restaurant booking."
I cleaned myself up as best I could before getting into the car, then Bill headed us off to the steak house. I'd chosen the dress so that I could do a bit of flashing if I was lucky, but getting fucked had made me even friskier. I undid a few more buttons at the bottom, so that as I walked, the skirt opened nearly as far up as my pussy, and the blouse part could open to below my tits.
I called the restaurant a steak house, which is basically what it was, except that it belonged to someone with French ancestry, who had pretensions to make it more of a fine dining experience. As we walked in, we were greeted by Jacques, the head waiter, though he preferred to be called the maître d'. I'd have loved to pull my dress right open, and show him my tits and pussy, but didn't quite have the courage with all of the other diners there, so contented myself with just trying to get my top to gape a bit as he greeted us, knowing our names as we ate there frequently.
"Bon soir, Madame, Lowenstein, Monsieur Lowenstein. I have reserved you a nice quiet table as you requested."
That was good. The restaurant had a few L-shaped, two-person tables tucked away in the rear corners, and some four-person semi-circular booths. There were all sorts of stories of girls giving blow jobs under the tables, and lots of feeling up, which was exactly what I was hoping for myself. Jacques led us to one of the L-shaped tables next to one of the empty booths, though the rest were full of diners talking animatedly.
I'd have loved to have walked through the restaurant with my tits out, the way I'd been flashing them in the club, but it really wouldn't have been a good idea. It was just too public, and who knew who might be there who might complain? Still, I'd made sure I had enough buttons undone on my top to give Jacques a good look at my cleavage as he bent over to place my napkin on my lap as I slid into my seat.
We ordered an appetiser, a glass of red wine, and a beef filet topped with pate, and coated with a gorgeous red wine sauce. It was fabulous, and made even better by Bill's fingers and my own, taking turns to gently rub my clit, not aiming to make me come like Meg Ryan in the film, but just to keep me tingling, ready for Bill to fuck me again when we got home.
I guess I was enjoying my fingers a bit too much, and was taken by surprise when Jacques appeared next to us with the check. I jerked my hand away from my pussy, and knocked the pen he'd brought on top of the folder, off my table and on to the floor. It was just a reflex when I quickly bent over to pick it up, probably because I knew my dress was open right up and my cunt visible under the table. Silly, really, because if I'd have thought about it, I'd have loved Jacques to have got a glimpse of it when he picked up the pen.
I reached the pen fine, getting there a bit ahead of Jacques. No, it was when I raised myself up that it all went wrong. As I lifted up, a button on my dress got caught in the lacy edge of the table cloth. I stopped moving, but not before my tit had flopped out of my dress, as my dress stopped moving sooner than my body. Time seemed to stand still.
There I was, my breast nicely resting on my side plate, the whole of my areola and nipple fully exposed. That wasn't all, though, because Jacques had already started to bend to pick up the pen, rather than me. By the time he stopped, his face was just inches from my nipple, which of course gave me away by stiffening up, looking as if it was trying to reach him. I looked down at Jacques, who must have felt me looking at him, his face going bright red as he realised I seen him staring at my exposed tit.
"Go on, Jacques, kiss it," Bill said quietly, taking both of us by surprise, but catching what I was thinking perfectly, as he signed the check to the Company account.
Jacques bent forward and gently kissed my nipple. As a massive twitch shot through my cunt, and as I felt his lips against my breast, time seemed to start going again. Eventually, between me and Jacques, we managed to get my button free. I sat up, tucked my now wet tit back inside. Jacques took the pen and the signed copy from Bill.
"Thank you Monsier Lowestein ... but ... um ... this is much smaller than the tip you normally leave. Was there something wrong?"
"I think you already had a rather special tip, Jacques, don't you?"
It was then that my brain caught up with how exposed I was underneath the table, and what a thrill it would have been if Jacques had got a look at my pussy.
I turned a bit in my seat, and opened my legs wide. "Don't be mean, Bill. It was just one tit, but why don't you just look down, Jacques?"
Bill and the table screened me from the rest of the restaurant, but with my legs open, my dress pulled wide, and me leaning back a bit in my seat, Jacques had a clear view of my cunt, the full length of my lips, and I was sure the moistness of my cum oozing out. Oh yes, the maître d' took his time in gazing at the delights of what was between my legs.
"Um ... yes ... thank you, Ms Lowenstein," Jacques stuttered, eventually, his eyes though still locked on my exposed gash. "But ... well ... we normally share the tips between all of the staff."
Oh God, was he really suggesting what I thought he was? And did I really have to courage to do it. I looked across at Bill, who raised an eyebrow at me, smiling, and my pussy was screaming 'yes, yes, yes'.
I was still trying to decide if I was brave enough, when Bill took the decision out of my hands. "Well, then Jacques, you'd better get them out, hadn't you? But please be a bit discreet about how you do it."
I slid down in my seat a bit more, and pulled my lips open with my fingers. My heart leapt as my lips stayed open enough for my clit and the opening of my hole to be visible when I moved my hand back to rest on my leg. One by one the waiters, then the chef and his sous chefs came over to greet me, at least as far as the other people in the restaurant were concerned, but actually to look at my cunt, my throbbing clit, my pink slit, and my cum-leaking vagina.
Finally, the most junior employees, the table clearers came over. One had dealt with us, but a second young man came over who had worked to other half of the tables. As he came towards me, his face seemed familiar, then I realised that he had been one of the pizza delivery guys I'd already exposed myself to.
"Hi, Ms Lowenstein," he said, like everyone else his eyes fixed on my pussy, not my face. "Nice to see you again, though I changed job to get better tips, and I've seen this one before."
Cheeky fucker, I thought, and was about to say something rude and close my legs, when Bill came up with a much better reply.
"So why don't you touch her cunt, then?"
Fucking hell, what had got into Bill? A wave of fear washed over me, as it struck me that I was in a public restaurant, exposing myself, and some eighteen or nineteen-year-old was about to touch one of those bits of me that he shouldn't even be looking at, let alone touching. I could only imagine the excitement and trepidation that must have been going through him, but there was no way he was going to say no, once Bill had given him the invitation.
His arm straightened, and his fingers reached out to touch my cunt. God, I thought I was going to come immediately his fingers touched my clit, and started to slide along my slit towards my hole. Something told me that I'd regret it if I let him finger me, as I knew I'd have to come once things had got that far, so I grabbed his hand.
"I think that's enough, don't you, given that you didn't even clear our table?"
He just smiled at me as he put his fingers into his mouth, tasting the unique flavour of my cum. Jacques must have decided that things had gone far enough as well, so he shooed the kid away, and offered his arm to help me stand up.
"It has been a special pleasure, Monsieur, Madame. I am looking forward to seeing you her again soon."
I could feel the wetness between my legs as I walked towards the door, holding on to Bill's arm, my entire body tingling with unsatisfied lust. God, I needed to get fucked. I thought that Bill might be able to do me again over the hood of the car, but there were just too many people around in the well-lit parking lot, so we got in, and Bill drove back home as fast as he dared.
"Take me to bed and fuck me hard, Bill," I said as soon as we got out of the car.
"Oh no, Jo. It's a lovely fine, moonlit night, and while I enjoyed seeing you flashing your tits at the club, then your pussy in the restaurant, I haven't seen you exposing your whole body yet today. So then, strip off, and after two slow walks around the house, I'll fuck you against the front door, in full view of the road."
"You bastard, Bill! Do you really want all the neighbours to see your wife's naked body?"
"Well, you started it Jo, but yes, seeing you naked in front of others is more exciting than I could ever have imagined. And why shouldn't I let them see me fuck my beautiful, sexy wife on our own property?"
I could think of several reasons, not least the threat of arrest for offending public decency. I now loved being naked more than anything, and the idea of Bill screwing me in public for the second time that night had made me even wetter and more aroused than before. I opened the front door, took off my shoes and dress and threw them inside, then proudly walked naked around the garden.
I was so worked up, that I really hoped that my neighbours or a passing car, or even better a dog walker would see me. I felt proud of my body, proud of knowing that, to my surprise, men still lusted after me, and wanted to use me for their sexual pleasure, and not just my husband, who was walking behind me, watching my ass wiggling along, waiting to fuck me when I got back to the doorway.
When I reached it after the second circuit, I bent forward, clutching one of the porch pillars, shoving my ass out towards him. "Come on, Bill. Ram it up my cunt."
He pulled my butt cheeks apart, and I thrilled as his eyes seared into my asshole and my open vulva, which must have been visible in the harsh glare of the security light. Shit, I'd forgotten about that light, but I now understood why Bill wanted to fuck me outside the door, because if anyone did look across, there was no way they could miss my naked flesh.
I gasped out loud as Bill's cock plunged into me, his balls banging against my ass. He put one hand around me, finding my clit, and working it beneath his fingers, as he pumped his cock in and out of my slimy cunt as hard and fast as he could. When I looked down between my arms, my tits were swinging around like church bells in a hurricane, making slapping noises when they banged into each other.
Oh fuck, I was getting close, and just hoped Bill was as well, else if I came first, the way I was feeling, I was likely to writhe around so much I'd tear him out of me, and I wanted his spunk up inside me.
"Goodnight, Ms Lowenstein, Mr Lowenstein. Nice evening."
God, someone really had seen us. The voice was familiar, though my brain refused to compute, as my cunt took over all of my senses as I came, overcome with the excitement of knowing that someone was watching my naked body get fucked on my own doorstep.
"Ni ... aaaagghh," was all I could manage to get out, much louder, but far less intelligible than I'd intended, though all Bill could manage was a series of grunts as he pumped rope after rope of spunk into the depths of my vagina.
As Bill opened the front door after we'd finished, I noticed that we'd left another pool of white fluid on the doormat, but this time the one just outside. We showered, and as always, Bill went straight off to sleep, leaving me listening to his snoring, as I lay in bed thinking about everything that had happened to me since I accidentally flashed my tit at the delivery guy.
Goodness knows what my daughters would have said if they'd known what I'd been up to. It was disgusting, forbidden, letting strangers look at the most private parts of my body, but it was energising, exciting, and made me feel like a real woman again, not someone approaching middle age, her children already flown and with nothing to look forward to.
Still, however bad it was to expose my body, how much worse that I'd given the pizza guy a blow job? I'd let a criminally bad parker watch me fuck myself with my car's gear lever, then forced him to taste my cum, and now I'd let the most junior server in my favourite restaurant touch my cunt. It was thrilling that my husband had watched me do all of this, but did it really make it any better?
Whatever shame I felt, though, it wasn't near enough to make me want to stop the path I'd set for myself, and I could barely wait for the life class, when I'd show myself naked to a roomful of people, one of them being my husband, to what would be his total surprise.
That wasn't the end of it, though. I knew now that it wouldn't be long before I let someone other than my husband fuck me. Oh God, I wanted to feel a complete stranger not just see my nakedness, but to penetrate me, and fill me with his seed, before he disappeared and I'd never see him again. I wanted to experience men lusting after me, not resting until they'd filled my cunt with their cocks. Like rutting deer fighting to cover the choice females in the herd, perhaps?
No, not quite, I didn't want them fighting with Bill, so some other species where lone males sniffed around for a female on heat -- like me -- and snuck in and fucked her while the alpha male could only watch helplessly. No, I was wrong again, because the alpha male wasn't quite helpless, but would subsequently fuck the female over and over, violently, hoping to swamp the interloper's sperm inside her.
Oh yes, I wanted Bill to see me getting fucked by someone else, then screw me over and over, showing that I was really his after all. I was, of course. I loved him now more than I ever had before. Part of my problem, though, was that I'd promised myself, and indirectly him, that I'd help him to fuck our old friend June. Although I thought I'd given her tacit permission, Bill hadn't said anything, nor had I spotted anything that would give him away, and I knew, absolutely knew that I'd know, even if he put our love at risk and didn't tell me.
I only managed to get through the last two days before life class by going into town and trying on some more clothes in different stores, those where I still had some chance of flashing, anyway. One of the ones I'd not used before was in the same block as the restaurant where my tip had been to let the staff look at my pussy. When I walked past in the morning it was closed, but when I looked through the full-length glass front, I could see Jacques giving his team a briefing for the day, or at least, that was what it looked like.
It gave me a wickedly delicious thought. I tapped on the window, hard enough to get their attention. I unbuttoned my dress, and pressed my tits and belly against it. I wasn't wearing anything underneath, of course, so they were going to get a good view of me again, but I'd forgotten just how cold the glass would be. As soon as my tits touched it, my nipples sprang to attention, giving me even more of a thrill than just offering my tits and pussy for their inspection.
Jacques waved and smiled, then I pulled my dress back around, and strode on to the shop I was aiming for. Even after some flashing in the shop, I was still left me with an itchy cunt, but Bill had found a new walk, around the back of one of the high school sports stadiums. In the evening, we headed off there so I could go walking with everything open for people to look at. We met a couple of kids on bicycles, who whistled and made obscene hand signals, which was fabulous, but what was even better was another guy, maybe still just young enough to have been my son, who just stood and watched as I walked towards him, with Bill holding my hand.
I guess he was some sort of janitor, as there was an open door into the stadium behind him. He neither spoke, nor moved, but he just looked me up and down with the sort of look that told me he was imagining fucking me, making me come up in goose bumps, and my pussy tingle. As we walked past, I pulled my dress up, giving him a good view of my ass as we walked away. You've guessed what came afterwards, of course, another fuck on the doorstep as soon as we got home, under the glare of the security light.
Although I'd been looking forward to it so much, when the time came for me to head off to the university for the life class, I found I had to use all my mental energy to stop myself trembling, and calling Professor Gough to cancel. I messaged Bill to say that I'd been asked to do a shift in the club at short notice, and good luck with his life class that evening. After that, there really wasn't any going back.
I drove back to the university, being a bit more careful where I parked this time, though because most of the students and teaching staff having already gone home, the parking lot had many more empty spaces, even though I'd had to arrive early to get instructions from Professor Gough on the pose he had chosen.
The Professor led me through to the art room, which was, to say the least, cosy, with what must have been close on twenty easels set up around a raised area, almost within touching distance of the front row of painters. As we walked, he explained that not only were the students expected to submit a minimum of four pieces, which would be judged for their diploma, but the best works were going to go into an exhibition of other works from the adjacent states' art schools, which would travel the nation.
"Given that all of you models are volunteers, the decision was taken to make sure your faces were obscured in the mandatory studies, but if anyone wants to do additional studies of you, you can choose whether you let your face be seen."
I had mixed feelings about that, but before I could make up my mind, we'd reached a tiny changing room at the back of the class.
"Right then, Jo. Get your kit off, then I'll show you the pose I've chosen for the first study. You might find it a bit awkward, but it means your face can be hidden, and it will produce wonderful lines of the rest of your body."
I started to enjoy myself again as I just stripped my dress off, leaving me naked. The Professor had seen right up my hole when I did the audition, but his eyes were all over me as he took me into the classroom, and explained the pose he wanted me to take.
Awkward? Fucking uncomfortable, that was for sure. It was a bit like the Ardha Matsyendrasana yoga position, several of the studies were going to be based on yoga positions apparently. I had to sit on the floor with my legs open, one leg bent up vertically, and the other bent back horizontally. It might have let me hid my face, but shit, my cunt was fully visible from the front, and my lips were pulled open.
"Just put your arms around your raised leg, and rest your head between them. Do you mind if I touch you to just move you around to get it right?"
I could hardly object, could I, given that I'd let the server in the restaurant touch my labia? But to be fair to the Professor, although he got as close as he could, his hands never actually touched my tits or my pussy. Still, the prospect was enough to start me tingling. If he'd have asked if he could fuck me then, I'm pretty sure I'd have said yes, but with the class arriving soon, he didn't.
When he was happy that I could get back into the right position without any help, he led me back to the dressing room, and gave me a silk robe to wear. He closed the door, then went into the classroom. Almost immediately I could hear him greeting the students as they arrived. That was when my fear came back with a vengeance.
It was one thing to give people a flash of my naked body, but the whole point of being a model is to let people look at you, and study every little detail of you, for the two-and-a-half hours the class lasted, They not only be able to see my tits, cunt and ass, but see every blemish, and have the time to compare my body to whatever idealised idea of female beauty they had in their mind.
For the first time since I'd accidentally flashed the delivery guy, I felt ashamed in letting people see all my private areas, and scared that my ordinary body would disgust them, or they'd think I was ugly and unattractive. I almost put my clothes back on, and ran out of the other door, which I guessed must open directly on to the corridor. I had just reached for my dress, when I saw the door to the class open, and heard the Professor speaking.
" ... so now please welcome this semester's model, especially as it is the first time she has been a life model. Come on, Jo, come on out."
Oh fuck, all I could do was to make the best of it, so I strode out, holding the silk robe around me. I looked around at the class, smiling, even though my heart was thumping like a base drum, and my limbs were quivering like Aspen leaves in the breeze. I looked for Bill, and saw him gasp as he recognised me, but then he smiled, and he gave me a quick thumb's up, which encouraged me. However, I was so nervous that apart from registering that the ratio of men to women was about 2:1, I couldn't remember anything else.
"Right then, Jo, take up your position, please."
I untied the robe, took it off, and handed it to the Professor, trembling, but thrilling as Bill and the other twenty or so got to look at my tits, my pussy, and then my ass as I turned and stepped up to the platform. As I sat down the way the Professor had made me practice, I saw that it was a younger guy, and a petite, slightly oriental-looking woman who were directly in front of me in the first row, and had the clearest, closest view of my cunt, which was only about six feet from them.
Bill was the other side of the woman, so had a more restricted view, but then he'd seen it all before, hadn't he? Everything was tingling, and I could feel my pussy getting wetter for about thirty minutes, but then things started to ache from holding myself still. Thank goodness the Professor announced a fifteen-minute break half way through, for everyone to get a drink, and for me to stretch my legs.
The best way to do that seemed to me to have a wander around and see what people had managed to paint at that point. Bill had done a couple of sketches, and he said he wanted to do a few more so he captured the lines properly, before starting on the oil paint. Obviously, he'd decided not to give away that he was my husband. Most of the others were pretty uninspiring, at least two trying a Picasso vibe, with bits of me all over the place, and a couple going for a naïve style, like Rousseau, but without managing to pull it off.
No, it was the young guy and the woman in front of me that impressed me. The guy had gone for an impressionist look, where I was just a pink blob, except for a dark line between my legs, which somehow managed to make my slit look absolutely obscene. I loved it. But I also loved what the woman was doing, though she'd made a lot less progress, because she had one of those super-realistic styles, that look even more detailed that a photograph. I was sure that if I still had a full bush, she'd have painted every individual hair.
"Um, Jo, it's fine, but usually when the model mingles with the class, they put their robe on," the Professor said, sending me into a surprising blush.
"Well, Professor, given you've put me in a pose where my vulva's wide open, there didn't seem much point, and no one is complaining, are they?"
The second half of the class wasn't quite as uncomfortable as the first, maybe because my joints were getting used to the odd position, but probably also because I was starting to enjoy having my body on display to a group of men and women of almost every age, who whatever their talent, were studying its every crease and wrinkle.
When the class ended, the professor got the class to give me a round of applause, which was nice, then I went back into the changing room to put my dress on, and head home to catch up with Bill. I'd barely shut the door when the Professor came in after me.
"How about having a drink, or something else, before you go home, Jo?" he asked, but the look on his face gave away that the something else would surely involve sex with me, and doing that as well, before I found out what Bill thought of me posing, just seemed too risky.
I said I needed to get away, and because I just had my dress, I put it round me, and shot out of the other door, still doing my buttons up. Shit, it was pouring when I got outside, and my dress was clinging to me by the time I reached the car. When I got home, the garage door was open, so I drove straight inside, and as soon as I got out, I took off my cold and wet dress. Bill was ready for me as soon as I opened the door into the house, also naked, his cock stiff and pulsating as I hugged him and kissed him.
"Happy birthday, Bill."
"Come on Jo, let's warm ourselves up with a nice warm shower."
Bill fucked me in the shower, not able to wait, so while my outside got a warm shower of water, my vagina got a warm shower of his spunk.
"Did you like your birthday present?" I asked, as we lay in bed afterwards.
"I thought the course itself was great, but having you as the life model, that was just unbelievable. Thank you so much. But tell me, Jo, did you let the Professor fuck you? I could see from his face he desperately wanted to, even more that than a couple of the other men, and at least one of the women."
"No, but I knew he wanted to, and I almost let him. I wanted to surprise you with me being the model, but I'd promised I'd always tell you if I let anyone else fuck me, and I couldn't do both, could I?"
Women, though? I'd never really thought about a woman lusting after me. I told Bill the full story of my audition, including correcting the little white lies about my parking experience. Not surprisingly, it got us both aroused again.
"I'm sure the Prof will have fucked you, and shot his load in your cunt before the course ends, Jo," Bill gasped as he was fucking me again himself, and we both came almost immediately, both of us imagining that it was the Professor's cock up me, rather than my husband's.
As I drifted off to sleep, I finally accepted that my husband was right: the time was rapidly approaching when I'd let another man fuck me, and the Professor was definitely the front runner.
Over the following couple of days, however, I realised that I couldn't go on exposing myself almost every day, else the thrill was going to wear of, as it became the norm. I needed something else, though, as the modelling and the topless bar didn't fill my days. In the end, I decided I'd try writing about my experiences, and some of my future fantasies as stories for Literotica, the site for wonderful erotic stories that I'd discovered by accident, but enjoyed reading so many wonderful authors.
Of course, given I'd told Bill he could only fuck me after I'd exposed myself to someone else, after three days, I was absolutely bursting to expose myself and get fucked, especially as Bill had made me promised that if he couldn't have me, I couldn't masturbate either. Enough's e-fucking-nough, I thought, and I decided to go into town for shopping and lunch, find myself someone to show my tits and pussy, maybe try on a few clothes, then order a pizza and let Bill fuck me when I'd given the delivery guy his tip.
I was absolutely buzzing when I got out of the car, opening my legs wide as I got out wearing just one of my front-opening dresses with only the centre buttons done up, but the only people around didn't look my way. When I got to Jacques' restaurant again, I undid my dress, tapped the window, and pressed my naked tits and belly against it.
Oh, fuck! I noticed lots of people at the tables, and I saw Jacques turn with a surprised, and rather frightened look on his face, and point to the window, where I noticed a sign saying that from earlier in the week, the restaurant was opening earlier for lunch service. With the combination of the adrenalin my body released, as I worried that there might have been people who knew me in there, and the thrill of showing my tits and cunt to a load more new people, I was tingling all over as I headed off to find a changing room, and let a few more see me.
Of course, Sod's Law meant that every time I left the curtain open a bit, some sales assistant came and closed it. Well, maybe it was just as well, because I was seriously thinking about masturbating if some guy was watching me. That would have broken my promise to Bill, and been awfully risky. I decided I'd try again after I'd got some lunch at the food plaza, my cunt wet and tingling as I walked through the mall.
I got myself a burrito, hoping that the heat of the chilli in my mouth would take my mind off the heat between my legs. Trouble was, I must have hit right on the peak time, and I couldn't find anywhere to sit on my own, so I started looking for anyone who might be worth giving a flash of my tits. I thought I was even going to fail at that, when I saw a sad looking woman sat on her own. Hang on, her face that looked familiar. Small build, black hair in a ponytail - it was the woman painter from the art class. Perfect!
"Oh, hi. Do you mind if I join you?"
"Um ... well ... do I know y ... Oh, you're our wonderful model, aren't you? I didn't recognise you ... um ..."
"... with my clothes on," I finished for her, laughing a bit too loudly, and earning some strange looks from the women chatting on the next table. "What's wrong? You don't look happy, but I'd be delighted if I could paint anything like as well as you."
People have always seemed to be prepared to tell me things about themselves that they wouldn't tell others, but I wasn't prepared for the outpouring of angst from the woman, after telling me that she was called Peggy Li.
She said that she'd spent the last twenty years being a full-time carer for her mother. She'd become paraplegic in the automobile accident that killed her husband, Peggy's father, and had such serious head injuries that she was only expected to live months, rather than the years she actually did. She said she'd started drawing to keep herself occupied while she watched over her mother, who had died a few months previously. Her mother left her a surprising amount of money, and Peggy thought she'd try to take up painting professionally, as she had no career, and only ancient qualifications.
"I knew it was called a life class, Jo, but I had no idea that meant a nude. I couldn't believe it when you came out with your ... um ... bits on show. I'd never seen another woman like that. I don't know how you could be brave enough to let strangers see you naked, not just women, but men as well."
Perhaps it was because she'd opened up about so much about her background, that I found myself being the one telling a stranger all about her secrets, as I told her about how I had discovered the joys of exhibitionism.
"Well, Jo, I've never had a man see me naked, and I don't think I could bear it. I'd just want to curl up and die."
"Who knows, Peggy? I'd never thought about it either, but since then I've discovered all sorts of things about my body and my sexuality. But ... going back to you, I still don't see why you're looking so miserable. Your painting looked as if it will be amazing when finished, and I'm sure that you're one of only a few likely to win the prize for the best artist."
"Oh. Well, the problem is that the way I paint takes a lot of time. I can't see any way I'll be able to finish it in the three sessions we have with you."
"But you can take it home and work on it, can't you?"
"Yes, but it doesn't really help. I can paint some things from memory, like landscapes and still life, but as I said, I'd never seen a naked woman with a body like yours. Even if I tried to use mine, it's so different from yours, I it just wouldn't work. I need to have you modelling for me for me to get everything right."
All of my frustrations, and the embarrassing, but thrilling, mistake with the restaurant window suddenly returned, setting off that now familiar tingling between my legs. "Oh, but what if I came and modelled for you at home?"
"Would you? Would you really? That would be amazing, Jo. Thank you so much."
"I'd be happy to, Peggy. What you'd done already looked fantastic, and I'd hate it if you couldn't finish it. What are you doing now? Why don't I follow you home and we could make a start straight away?"
We finished our lunches, then I followed Peggy to the parking lot to find her car, and we drove in convoy to her house. It was huge, standing in its own grounds, but inside it was full of old, dark furniture, making it feel gloomy, and bringing back memories of watching the Munsters when the children were young. I guess that was why Peggy had set up her easel in one of the bedrooms, where the light was a little better.
As Peggy squeezed her paints on the palette, I took off my dress, and took my pose on the bed, which fortunately had a hard mattress, so it was just possible to hold the position without wobbling too much. It took a bit of adjustment before Peggy was happy that I was close enough to the original position.
After forty minutes or so, it was getting uncomfortable, so I said I needed to stretch my legs and move around. Maybe it was the movement of my pussy over the bed as I stood up, but the tingling I'd just about learned to live with got much worse. I couldn't understand quite why, because Peggy was a woman, and I'd never, ever fancied a woman before, but I had an absolute demon of an idea come to me.
I walked over to the easel, and saw that Peggy had made decent progress. "It looks great, Peggy. But I don't think it's fair, is it, that I'm naked, but you're fully dressed? If you want me to carry on, you need to get naked as well."
"What! You're not serious, Jo, surely? I've never let anyone else see me naked, and anyway, I'm just a stick insect, so why would you or anyone ever want to look at me?" Peggy almost screamed.
"Well, I'm told that Picasso and some other famous artists painted in the nude, to make his sitters feel more comfortable. Anyway, it's just us girls, I'm married with grown children, and you've not just seen me naked, but have been staring right up my pussy for the last half hour. I'm giving up my time free, so it seems only fair ... but if you're not happy, I'll go home now and see you at the next class."
"Please, Jo ..." Peggy said, but I could see her fingers twiddling the top button of her blouse, so I knew she was thinking about it.
"Look, Peggy, I'm no fashion model, but here I am, my tits inches in front of you. If you really want to build a career as a painter, then just get your clothes off. Here, let me help ..."
I started unbuttoning more of Peggy's blouse. She looked me in the eyes, as she undid the button she'd been fiddling with. Her face went bright red as her plain silk bra appeared. I left her to finish opening the blouse, and moved my attention to the fastening of her skirt. It took just a few seconds before her skirt dropped to the floor, and with hardly any help from Peggy, I pulled her blouse off of her arms, leaving her standing in her bra, and matching silk French-style panties.
Her skin, now I could see more of it, was smooth, and just tinged with the olive-yellow colour of Asian skin, which with her black hair and facial shape gave evidence of her partial Japanese parentage. There was not an ounce of spare flesh on her, and her waist was tiny.
"Please, Jo, let me keep my undies on. As you can see, there's nothing worth looking at underneath."
"I love silk, Peggy, so I'm almost tempted, but no, if you want me to stay everything has to come off."
I made as if I was going to reach around to undo her bra, but it was just a feint, and I grabbed the loose legs of her panties, and pulled them down to her ankles in one smooth movement. Oh God, as my face went past pussy, I caught its scent. It was spicy, more aromatic than mine, and as it was the first time I'd got the full scent of another woman, it took me by surprise when it set my own pussy tingling and leaking. It wasn't just the scent of her, but the full black bush of pubic hair, and despite that, the sight of dark-skinned pussy lips hanging down through it.
When I stood up and looked at Peggy's face, it seemed even redder than it had before. "Well, now I've seen your pussy, which is beautiful, so lose the bra, Peggy."
"You fu ... frigging bitch, Jo. Alright, I told you I didn't have anything worth seeing," she said, undoing her bra, and throwing it at me.
At first I thought she was right. Her tits were barely B-cup, but they were firm symmetrical, and had small, dark areolas, with, to my surprise, long, stiff nipples.
"But they're lovely, Peggy. And your nipples are giving away that you aren't entirely hating showing them to me. Anyway, millions of women would be glad to have such a gorgeously slim figure. But you've come through, so get your paints ready, and I'll get back into the pose."
I must have held my position for well over an hour, not noticing the discomfort as I found I was increasingly enjoying watching Peggy's naked body. She was so small, both in height and build, but there was something about her black ponytail, her almost black nipples, and the equally black triangle of her pubes that fascinated me. Her tits barely jiggled as she moved around her canvas to position her paintbrush or to take in a different aspect of me, but I was hypnotised by her bush and the way her pussy lips appeared and disappeared between her legs. I was so absorbed with watching her that it was she that called a halt.
"I think that's all I can do for now, Jo. I need some of the areas to dry a bit before I can overpaint the details."
I managed to straighten my stiff legs, and climb off the bed to walk over and look at her progress.
"Wow, you've done a lot, Peggy, and you really have caught all my embarrassing bits so well," I said, smiling. "I think you paint even better in the nude, and I think you started to enjoy it as well, didn't you?"
She turned to say something, her mouth open, but as she turned her arm brushed against one of my breasts. Something seemed to burst inside me, so I never got to hear what she was going to say, as I pulled her to me, and planted my mouth over hers, pushing my tongue into it. I could feel her firm little tits pushing into me, mine seeming to almost be resting on top of hers, and I could feel her tight, flat belly pushing against my pussy.
At first, she seemed to resist, but then I felt her relax. Suddenly it hit me. I was kissing another woman, and our naked bodies were pressed together. What the fuck was I thinking of?
I broke the kiss, feeling embarrassed as my face reddened. "I'm so sorry, Peggy. I'm not a lesbian, and I've never even kissed a woman like that before. I don't know what came over me."
That wasn't quite true, because my cunt was tingling like mad, and my body was screaming out for sexual stimulation.
"It's alright, Jo. You said that exposing yourself made you horny, and you're right, it's made me feel that way too," Peggy replied, grabbing me and kissing me back, with even more passion than when I'd kissed her. "And isn't it true that Picasso, Matisse, Gauguin and all used to fuck their models, saying it added something to the painting?
"Oh fuck, Jo, I've never had sex with a woman, but I want it with you. What the hell do we do, though?"
"Nor have I, but you've masturbated, haven't you? So, I guess we just masturbate each other. God, Peggy, I want to feel your gorgeous tight nipples in my mouth."
It was only as I said it that I understood just how badly I wanted her. Until I saw the other topless waitresses getting changed, I'd never even looked at another woman in a sexual way. I'd sucked my own breast when Bill was making love to me, but it was really all about getting him aroused. I mean, what man isn't turned on by a bit of girl-on-girl action? It was pleasant, but it didn't really get me going. Certainly, nowhere near the way Peggy's tits were driving me mad with lust.
I wanted so badly to put my mouth over one of her firm little orbs, and feel her stiff nipple against my lips and my tongue, that I just pushed Peggy's tiny, light body back on to the bed, and fell over on top of her. My aim was perfect. Oh God, the feel of that wrinkled, stiff, yet pliable flesh in my mouth set my cunt on fire, and I grabbed Peggy's hand and dragged it down between my legs.
I forced myself to just gently stroke her hairy pussy, pressing enough for her to feel it on her clit, but not to open her labia. No, when I opened her up, I wanted to look inside, wanting to investigate the colours of her slit, and look into the opening of her vagina.
Peggy either didn't have my self-control, or maybe she was simply more interested in the feel of another woman's cunt than the look of it. I felt her fingers pushing my lips apart, then touching the inside of my slit, which I knew must be slimy and wet. I thought she might finger me, but she headed the other way, up towards my clit. Shit, I'd never really thought about different ways of masturbating, but she was working my clit in a way I never had.
I usually rub over the top, then circle around it, moving right up to the front of my slit, then sliding back to my hole before rubbing back along the full length of my vulva, then pressing down hard on my clit. But Peggy was pinching and squeezing my clit between her finger and thumb, and it was fucking magic. I felt the pressure building up inside me, working towards the explosive release of my climax.
I just couldn't resist looking up Peggy's cunt any longer, so I released her tit from my mouth, and twisted around to get my head closer. I made sure, though not to pull Peggy's fingers out of my gash as I moved. I brought my other hand around, and pulled open her gorgeous dark lips sticking out under her black pubic hair.
It was so worth it. Her lips were dark brown all the way along, but on the inside the colour rapidly changed to a wonderful salmon-pink, which itself became a brighter pink around her hole. Oh fuck, her cunt was absolutely beautiful, and I slipped two fingers up inside her. She was so tight, I could feel her opening clenching on my fingers, convincing me her vagina was almost totally unexplored territory. As I entered her body, I felt my hair being grabbed, and my head was pulled back, dragging me back up the bed.
Our faces met, and a bomb seemed to go off inside me, as I saw the raw lust on Peggy's face, before she kissed me hard, pushing her tongue into my mouth. Oh fuck, it was marvellous. My fingers were inside another woman's vagina, my thumb was rubbing against her clit, our breasts were pressed hard together, and more than anything, another woman's fingers were playing tunes on my clit.
There was just one more thing I wanted, which I knew would make me come. I pulled back from the kiss, and wriggled up the bed until my tit was over Peggy's mouth, and I pushed down, forcing my nipple inside. I loved my tits being sucked, and Peggy responded wonderfully, closing her lips around my nipple and sucking hard, as her fingers did something to my clit that I couldn't analyse, but which sent me over the top. I squeezed my fingers and thumb together, crushing the full length of Peggy's clitoris between them, aiming to take her over as well.
I felt her sleek body twist and turn under me, and her lips released my nipple as she groaned against my breast, which was bouncing against her face as I jerked around under my own climax. Oh God, it felt good, but at the same time I struggled to accept that I had just had my first lesbian sex experience, and had enjoyed it. A lot. Was this being unfaithful to my husband? I knew he'd have loved to watch another woman fuck me, but would he ever forgive me for doing it when he wasn't there?
When we pulled apart, I had the same mixture of satisfaction and embarrassment I'd had the first time I'd let a man fuck me. I also saw that we'd spent a lot longer having sex with each other than I'd realised, and I'd need to get a move on before Bill got home. I grabbed my dress and shoes, flung them on, and kissed Peggy goodbye. She looked as embarrassed as me.
"Um, thank you, Jo. It was wonderful, my first time. See you at the class in a few days? You're not going to hate me now, are you?"
I reassured her that I wasn't, and given that she was still naked, my body had already started to respond to her again, but I drove straight back home. It would be too much of an anti-climax just to expose myself to a delivery guy, and I wanted to reassure Bill that I still loved him, and though I was sure that from now on I'd want to fuck another woman, that I hadn't become fully lesbian, and still wanted him.
I checked there was a good bottle of white wine in the fridge, and I prepared everything needed to make chicken carbonara, one of our favourite pastas, then texted Bill to tell me when he left the office. When he got home, I had the table laid, the wine poured, the pasta boiled, and the chicken cooked and in the sauce. I rushed out of the front door, naked, flinging my arms around him and kissing him."
"Hi, Jo. You look lovely. What have I done to deserve this attention?"
"It's not what you've done, darling. Guess what I've been doing this afternoon?"
"Well, darling, that looks like a streak of paint across your pussy, so did you let the Professor fuck you already?"
Oh shit, I hadn't spotted that. What a giveaway. "No, if he does, I want you there to watch? No, have a sniff at my fingers, and take another guess?"
Yes, I had washed my hands before starting to cook, but it's remarkable how persistent the smell of a woman's cunt is on your fingers, and how unmistakeable it is, isn't it? I wondered if there were some evolutionary advantage in leaving your pheromones on the man who'd just fucked you, but I was dragged bag to reality by Bill's gasp.
"Jo! That's a cunt I can smell on your fingers, isn't it? And not yours either. So, what the hell have you been up to?" I must have looked worried, because he felt he needed to reassure me. "It's alright, but just tell me."
"Let's eat, then, while I explain, darling" ... else we'd never get to eat, as I was sure the story would end in Bill screwing me energetically. At least, that was what I was hoping, and I jiggled my breasts a bit as I caught hold of his arm and took him to the dining table, and I was pleased that the motion of my nipples didn't go unnoticed.
"Well, you know that woman in the art class? The small lady, a bit older than us I think, black hair in a ponytail, and a bit of an oriental look about her?"
"God, Jo, you didn't fuck her, did you? I can't believe it. I can't believe you went with a woman at all, but if you were going to go with a woman, I thought you'd have chosen a more beautiful one with big tits and an hourglass figure."
"Honestly, Bill, I never set out to have sex with her. It just happened. I thought it would be fun to expose myself one-on-one, and it seemed safe with a woman. But you're wrong, she is beautiful in her own way. But let me give you the full story." As we ate, I slowly unfolded what had happened, hoping it was arousing Bill as much as it was me.
"Fucking hell, Jo, I'd never even thought you'd enjoy lesbian sex. You must have enjoyed it, though, because your nipples stayed stiff all the time you were describing it."
"You forgive me, though?"
"Of course, Jo. I just wish I'd been there to watch."
"Maybe I can fix that, because next time ..."
"Oh, there is going to be a next time, then?"
"... I'll ask her to come here to paint -- her house was a bit dark -- and with a bit of luck I can arrange for you to walk in on us, and you can see each other's fingers in our cunts. You'd like that, wouldn't you? And who knows, perhaps I could persuade her to let you fuck her as well. She's so tight, I'm not sure she's ever had a man."
As I spoke, I saw Bill pulling his cock out of his pants, as stiff and hard as the cutlery we'd used to eat the pasta. "Fucking hell, Jo, I'd love to fuck another woman with you watching me, but I'd love to fuck you with her watching. Wouldn't you like that as well?"
"Oh, you're going to see other men up me, and fuck me in front of other people, don't worry, darling. But for now, just imagine it's Peggy doing this to you."
I was undoing his shirt and pulling his pants down while I was speaking, and I went and knelt in front of him, my tits pushing into his legs.
"I bet she couldn't take you down her throat without gagging, though, Bill"
I licked the drop of precum off his cock, then took it into my mouth. I sucked the top, then forced my head down, letting my gag reflex kick in so I choked, and stream of saliva ran down Bill's legs.
"Shove it right down the bitch's throat, Bill, make her fucking get used it," I gasped, before I lowered my mouth back of my husband's wet cock, and Bill pushed the back of my head down so that his full length was down my throat.
I tried to cry out, push him off me, and managed to pull my head up before he forced it back down again. It would have been brutal, and the sort of humiliation some men like to force on a woman, which I couldn't condone, but Bill knew full well that after practising after the pizza delivery guy, I could take him right down, and I enjoyed playing rough like this.
"Oh fuck, Jo, she's so small my cock must be almost coming out of her ass. Swallow it, bitch."
I let Bill use my head like a Fleshlight as he fucked my face, while I groaned, hit him with my fists, and pretended to try to get away. I'd heard of women enjoying playing at being raped, and for the first time ever I began to understand why. I could feel that Bill was getting close, so I resisted harder, managing to get my head up and clear.
"No! Please don't come in my mouth! I've never tasted a man's spunk, and I'll choke."
"Shut up and take it, cunt," was the only reply, as Bill forced my head back down until my lips were touching his balls.
Bill's hands were around my head, over my ears, as he increased the pace of my bobbing up and down, in a pattern of short, then longer strokes. I could feel the pulsations start along the underside of his cock, and I knew he was about to come. He let out a huge groan as he rammed his cock into my mouth even harder, and I felt the first rope of spunk shoot straight down my throat and into my belly. Then he ripped my head off him, and rope after rope landed on my face, across my nose, into my eyes, and the last ran off my chin and down on to my tits.
I absolutely loved it, though my cunt seemed on fire, wanting some attention, but having had none. I pulled myself to my feet, pulling open my cuntlips so my clit was exposed, and started to rub it with my fingers.
"Fucking hell, Bill, are you surprised I've become a lesbian, if that's the way you treat a lady? You just sit there are watch while I show you what I did to Peggy this afternoon, and what I'd do to her again after she watched you treat me like a total slut."
I pulled my chair away from the table, so that I was facing Bill. I opened my legs, put one on Bill's lap, and the other on another chair that he pushed around for me. I put both hands down to pussy, and pulled my labia open wide.
"This is what I did, Bill. I opened her cunt, and looked right up into her vagina. Don't you like her cunt, darling? I never realised before how beautiful a woman's vulva can be, and how widely the shapes and colours vary. I tell, you, Bill, I'm not just going to let people see my naked, but I'm going to let them look right inside my gash."
As I was speaking, I started to let one hand slide back along my slit until I reached my hole. I took the two fingers I'd let Bill sniff when he came home, and I pushed them into my vagina until my knuckles hit me. Then I pulled out again, collected some of Bill's spunk from my face, then pushed my spunky fingers back inside me.
"Her cunt is so tight, Bill, I'm not sure your cock would fit, but I'll put your sperm up her for you, darling. Do you like watching your wife spread your semen along her lesbian friend's cunt?" I said, having removed my fingers to get more spunk from my face, then rubbing it along my slit and over my clit.
"God, Jo, what have I done to deserve a wife who's become such a fucking slut?"
"You don't deserve me, darling, and believe me I'm going to make you pay for having exclusive use of my pussy for the last twenty years. I want to get the full taste of another woman, so next time I'm going to suck Peggy's cunt, but today I just played with her hole like this."
I was still holding myself open with one hand, while I rammed my fingers in and out of my sticky wet vagina, working my thumb over my clit, the way I had Peggy's a few hours earlier. For the first time, I admitted to myself that what I said was true: I wasn't just going to expose myself, I was going to let any man or woman I liked fuck me, if possible when my husband was watching, but if necessary, not.
My belly felt bloated and hot, as if it was going to burst open as I worked my fingers hard into my cunt, held open so that my husband could see exactly what I was doing. I looked at Bill, who had managed to coax his cock back into life, and the confused pictures in my mind of him fucking Peggy, someone else fucking me, and me fucking Peggy set the explosion off. I came, screaming my head off, then I pulled my fingers out of me, and let Bill watch as the muscles of my vagina spasmed, opening and closing, as the slimy, translucent cum fluid oozed out of me.
"Come on, Peggy," Bill said, grabbing my arm and pulling me up, "my cunt of a wife has gone off to let goodness who screw her, so come upstairs and let me fuck you instead."
"Oh, no! I'm still a virgin, and I'm so small that there's no way I can take that enormous dick in me."
"You should have thought about that before you fucked my wife. You had her, so now you have to have me, however tight your cunt is."
He dragged me up to the bedroom, while I tried to think myself petite and Japanese, but still tingling all over with excitement, some still from my session with Peggy, the way the way Bill had used my mouth, the residue of my climax from coming in front of him the way I did, but most of all anticipation of getting a deep, hard screwing while my husband imagined it was Peggy.
"Get on the bed and open your legs. Let me see that gorgeous cunt my wife told me about," he said, practically throwing me on to the bed.
It was wonderful. Until a few weeks earlier, when my tit popped out, I couldn't imagine anyone wanting to look at my twat at all, let alone the full-screen, pulled open, technicolor version. Best of all, was that although he'd just seen it under the control of my orgasm, he wanted to see it again. I lay back with my legs open, and pulled myself so wide he must have been able to see my cervix.
"Fucking Japanese cunt. Lovely, but not a patch on my wife's," he said, smiling.
He didn't spend long looking, though, because he was on me like a flash, his cock hitting my pussy, then sliding along my slippery slit until it rammed up inside me.
"Aagghh! Stop! It's too big for my tiny, tight, vagina," I yelled, lying like mad, as I enjoyed the feeling of my husband thrusting into me, him imagining it was another woman, and me imagining it was another man.
Given that Bill had only come a few minutes earlier, he obviously wasn't worried about coming too soon this time, because he was thrusting in and out of me like the pistons of a racing car. Then he pulled back a bit, and lifted my legs on to his shoulders with his arms, and somehow he managed to get to his knees without barely breaking a stroke.
"Aagghh, you're in me too deep! I've only got a tiny little cunt, not like your wife's massive one."
It didn't phase him, and of course, I never intended it would. "Don't worry, Peggy, I'll soon ream you out the way I did my wife."
God, he was certainly intending to! I don't know if he'd been reading up on different sex positions, but he seemed determined to try every variant of presenting my cunt for the attention of his cock. He let one of my legs fall back on to the bed, as he moved the other to the shoulder it had vacated, so he was now fucking me from behind.
Oh fuck, that really did let him go way up inside me, and the groans I let out weren't pretend any more. To make it even better, he'd started rubbing my clit hard as he rammed in and out of me, my hole squelching and letting out little farts as he pulled right out of me, only to drive his cock back deep into my vagina.
One second, I was fine, enjoying the delights of being fucked in our different fantasies, but the next I was jerking around like a puppet being operated by someone who didn't know how to do it, my legs and arms wanting to fly around, as an unexpected climax swept over me.
"That's right, come you fucking bitch. I'll teach you to make love to my slutty wife."
I'd thought that Bill might back off a bit as I came, but no, he just kept pounding in and out of me, although my squirming around made it hard for him to keep his fingers on my clit. Just as well, because it was now so sensitive that even gentle pressure was almost unbearable.
He surprised me again by laying down behind me, but using one arm to pull me over. I kind of figured what he intended, so I pushed up with the other arm, and ended up sitting on his cock with my back to him, and both our legs out straight. God, that was so painful, but yet so wonderful, as his dick was in me so deep, trying to stretch my vagina, pushing it up into my belly further than it wanted to go.
It broke his rhythm, as I had to lift up to try to get my legs under me and get to the reverse cowgirl position, but I managed to keep him in me, just, then started pumping myself up and down, bending forward sometimes, to feel the friction of his cock on my clit.
"For such a skinny little bitch, you've got a lovely ass."
I almost came again, because he hadn't told me that for years. I pumped up and down harder, using my fingers on my clit to keep me right on the edge. Then I thought I'd try to get clever, and turn around to face him, cowgirl-like, without letting him come out of me.
Of course, it didn't quite work. Actually, it was a bit of a mess. I'd got one leg over, so I was knelt at the side of him okay, and he was just about still in me, but it was trying to get the other leg back the other way that it went wrong. He came out of me, and when he tried to get back in, his cock slid up between my butt cheeks, sliding over my asshole, reminding me that I'd never let him up that hole, ever.
I put my hand around and pushed him forward again, but I went too far, and he ended up banging into my clit and the front of my slit. I looked down at him and realised from his smile that he must being enjoying the feeling as much as I was, so I grabbed his cock and used it like a dildo, rubbing it over my clit, then pushing it back, and letting it sink into my hole, before I pulled it out and started frigging myself with it again.
"Agh, I'm going to come, Peggy, if you keep up this Japanese torture."
He wasn't the only one, because I was as well. I thought I'd got the timing right, intending to shove him back up me the instant I came but just before he did, but I hadn't quite. I felt his cock pulsating just as I was tipping over the edge from its movement over my clit, and then I felt his spunk shooting over my hand and my clit.
I tried to shove it back up me quickly, but I'd lost most of my muscle control as I was coming, so his cock coated along the whole length of my slit, like icing a cake, before his cock pumped the last of its sperm into my vagina, and I fell forward, reaching his mouth with mine.
When we'd calmed down, we saw what a mess we were in. The whole of my cunt was covered with spunk, and it some had fallen back over Bill's pubes, and his cock and balls were coated as well. We headed off to shower quickly, before we had to change the sheets as well, before getting back into bed for a cuddle.
"God, Jo, that was wonderful."
"Yes, darling, but who were you fucking, me or Peggy?"
"Peggy, of course. But the bigger question is, who were you fucking?"
"Ah ... I don't know ... a stranger I'd never met before, and that was what made it an even bigger thrill."
"Oh yes, that's something I want to see: a strange man's cock stretching out your cunt, Jo."
"Well, I'd love to see you fucking another woman, and I'll see what I can do with Peggy." What seemed odd, though, was that after giving her encouragement to let her long-time suitor have her, Bill hadn't said any more about June. "But, haven't you had any more luck with June, though?"
"No. I've had to deal with a big and important client myself, and she's been busy with the others, so we haven't seen each other much. I did try grabbing her ass, but she just laughed, and pushed me away, saying she thought you'd be as much as I could handle, now you seemed to have got a new lease of life."
Hmm, that was odd. I was definitely going to need to meet up with June again and find out what was happening. I texted her the next morning, suggesting a few dates when we might get together. I didn't get an immediate reply, but given that ill had said she was really busy, perhaps it shouldn't have been a surprise.
I had a night off, that night. Not intentionally, though. I had another shift as a topless waitress, and the place was even fuller than before, so I was in full tingle mode when I got home. Bill only got back just before me, so we ordered a Chinese meal for a change. I was all ready for the flash, but when I opened the door, the person delivering was a young Chinese girl. Although I'd have enjoyed showing her my bits, I wasn't confident she'd appreciate it, and not report it back. In the end, we decided to save ourselves.
I was therefore ready the next evening for some fun. Bill came back home on time, and we went for another walk through the park behind the high school stadium. My luck wasn't in, though. I went walking out with my dress open, my tits and cunt on display for anyone to see, Bill trailing behind, but the only people who came past were some kids on bikes, who came from behind and shot by, without even glancing back.
I was really frustrated and buzzing, then, when the stadium came in sight, and there was the janitor again, hanging by the door smoking. As before, his eyes latched on to my body as soon as it came in sight, and he had that same hungry look on his face.
It must have been the frustration that pushed me to go further, though I still don't know quite what I thought would happen. As I got closer, I pulled my dress around me, though I just held it closed with my arm, not worrying about flashing anything where it was open to my waist, both top and bottom.
"Hi. I don't suppose you've got a restroom in there I could use, have you? Else I guess I'll have to find a bush to pee behind."
"Sure, second on the right along the corridor," was all he said, disappointing me that he hadn't said anything about me exposing myself, although he didn't lose the look.
I walked past him into the corridor beneath the tiers of banked seats, and easily found a door with the right icon on it. I walked in, and took the first cubicle, deciding I might as well have a pee now I was here, though I could have waited until we got home. I closed the cubicle door, pulled my dress open and up to my waist, then sat on the seat.
I'm still asking myself whether I deliberately didn't slide the bolt on the cubicle door, or whether I simply forgot, or didn't think it necessary as no one was around. I'd just started to squeeze down to get the flow going, when the cubicle door swung open, and there was the janitor.
"Oh! Ah, you want to see my cunt, do you? Watch me pissing?" I said, smiling, but he didn't answer, his eyes locked on my trimmed pubes.
Well, if he wasn't going to deny it, he was going to get the full works. I leaned back against the wall, opening my legs, and sliding forward on the seat. I now had a full arc of piss coming out of me, sparkling yellow, and as I moved forward and pulled myself open so he could watch, it moved towards him until it was splashing over his trainers.
"Dirty fucking bitch, I'll give you what you want," he said, unzipping his pants and pulling out an impressively large, and rigidly stiff cock.
"Come on, then, fuck me," I heard myself say, making me start trembling as I realised what I'd done, but at the same time I was so full of excitement that I could barely wait to feel his cock touch my cunt and ram into me.
"Cunt!" he rasped, making it sound as harsh and dirty as he could.
He couldn't wait either, and before I'd finished, he just drove his cock into my peeing hole. He obviously wasn't familiar enough with female anatomy to realise what a mess this was going to make, some of my pee filling my vagina, the rest spraying out over my legs, the toilet seat, and the front of his pants, following by another gush as his cock forced out what had already gone inside me.
He grabbed one of my tits, and started squeezing it hard, using his other arm to brace against the cubicle wall as he rammed his cock in and out of my cunt. I don't often manage to come without my clit being played with, but the whole situation had really got me super-excited, and I was rapidly getting that glorious feeling of arousal.
Shit, I had the first new cock up me for over twenty years, and it was a stranger, just fucking me hard as I pissed in a women's bathroom. Even better, as the janitor's strokes were getting faster and faster, I could see over his shoulder that Bill had followed the janitor in, and was watching me, smiling, holding a finger over his lips to stop me acknowledging him. I'd fantasised about something like this, but fuck, it was better, so much better than I'd ever imagined.
I was feeling the build-up of pressure inside, seconds away from my climax, when the bastard janitor came in me. I felt his cock jerking as his balls tried to eject every last sperm into my vagina.
"Fucking slut," he said, as he pulled out of me, leaving me twitching on the edge of coming, but not quite getting there.
I was a bit worried that he'd run into Bill, and there might be some sort of confrontation, but he must have managed to duck into the next cubicle as the janitor turned and left, leaving me with my cunt gaping open, a waterfall of spunk and piss dripping down into the bowl.
"He was right, Jo, you are a fucking slut," Bill said quietly, as he snuck back into the cubicle, his cock already in his hand.
"Yes, but I'm your fucking slut, darling, even if I have got another man's semen in my cunt."
"Guess I'd better see if I can replace it," he said, smiling, as he walked towards me.
Oh God, as his cock touched me spunky pussy, and pushed into my hole, my level of arousal rocketed straight back to the edge again. Getting fucked by the janitor was wonderful, but now getting fucked by my husband straight afterwards was even better. I just hadn't understood just how much I loved him, nor how much he must love me to enjoy the sloppy seconds as much as he seemed to be.
"Oh God, you fucking whore! Aaaaaaaggghhhh" Bill yelled as he dumped the second load of spunk inside me vagina
"Ffffffuuuckkk", was my unoriginal riposte, as I came, and we both had to cling on to stop us falling off the side of the toilet seat.
I was going to wipe myself off, but Bill stopped me. "No, walk back to the car with your dress open, and spunk running out of you, Jo."
My luck had turned bad again, though, because the only people we saw were too far away to spot what was oozing out of me, so I just wiped myself to save my dress and the car seat, and we drove home for a shower.
"Are you really sure you didn't mind me letting the janitor fuck me, Bill," I asked, as we lay in bed, cuddling.
"No, Jo, it was wonderful -- though I'd have liked a better view."
"Good, because you realise, don't you, that now I've done it once, I want to get fucked by as many other men as I can?"
"And women, don't forget, darling."
And women, but even more than before I felt an urgent need to find a woman for my husband to fuck, both in the spirit of equality, but also because my desire to watch him sinking his cock in another woman's cunt was so much greater than before.
It was the art class the following day. I didn't have to get there so early, as I now knew the location and the pose. That didn't stop the Professor being there waiting for me, though, and finding trivial reminders of what I needed to do so he could watch me undress. Funny, isn't it, how for some men watching a woman undress gets them going more than just seeing her naked?
I didn't bother putting my robe on at all, just letting the class leader run his eyes over my tits, belly, pussy and ass, and back again, enjoying the feeling of being the object of a man's lust. Oh yes, he still wanted to fuck me, that was certain.
But the time came for the session to start, and I just walked out naked, smiled at everyone, and took my position on the podium. As I looked down at my slightly parted pussy lips, I wondered if anyone could tell I'd been fucked by someone else, only to decide, or course, that that was a totally crazy idea.
I wandered around again at the break, seeing that Bill had finished sketching, and was now working on the base of the final painting.
"Yours is really coming on," I said to Peggy, making her blush as she realised the subtle double entendre.
The impressionist youngster's was even more impressive in a different way, but although they had progressed, none of the others impressed me much more than the previous week. When the break was over, and I got back into my pose, the Professor decided he needed to move me around a bit, though I thought I had it spot on. His hands passed dangerously close to my pussy, as he moved my folded leg around a bit, setting off what was now a familiar itch, a persistent longing to have my cunt touched and played with.
When the session ended, and I went back to the changing room, the Professor followed me in again.
"You're the best model we've had for a long time, Jo. And it's starting to show in the quality of what the class are producing. That young guy, and that tiny older lady, their paintings are really great, in completely different styles. You wouldn't stay last week, but maybe we could have that drink tonight?"
I was tempted, really tempted. I could imagine his cock slipping into my hole, the way the janitor's had the night before. The prospect of posing naked in front of everyone in the next session, knowing the teacher had fucked me was more thrilling than I can describe, especially as I'd had two other members of the class as well: Peggy and of course Bill. But I wanted to catch Peggy before she got away, so I put on my dress, made my excuses, and shot off to the parking lot.
Fortunately, I caught her as she was driving past me out of the lot, and I waved her down.
"Oh, Jo, I hoped I'd get away. I'm so sorry about what happened a few days ago. I don't know what came over me."
"I do, darling. It was just the sight of my gorgeous cunt, wasn't it?"
I didn't think anyone could blush that red. "Um ... well ... I did ... do like ..."
"So why don't we do it again? I really want you to be able to finish your wonderful painting. But why don't you come to my house this time? We've got a summer house thing on the back of the house where the light is absolutely wonderful." And is overlooked by the neighbours, potentially, giving the possibility of an extra thrill as they see me naked, posing for a woman painter.
"Oh ... well ... I can't do tomorrow ... but let me see," she said, getting out her iPhone, "yes, how about the afternoon after next? Just send me your address, and I'll put it in my satnav.
That was easy, and I immediately beamed my contacts over using AirDrop. "See you then, Peggy. Looking forward to it."
Now all I needed to do when I got home was to make sure that Bill could get back from the office a bit early. Not quite all, or course, because I still had to work out how to persuade Peggy to let Bill fuck her, when he discovered the two of us naked, and in the middle of hot, lesbian sex. But I'd worry about that when it happened.
When I got home, Bill was already there, with his easel already set up, his paints ready, and as naked as the day he was born.
"I thought I'd take a leaf from Peggy's book, darling. I need to do a bit more work on this. Anyway, Picasso fucked his models after painting them, didn't he, so perhaps some of that inspiration will rub off on me if I follow his procedure."
I could hardly resist, could I? Especially as I'd made myself turn down the Professor, despite the yelling from my pussy not to, and neither Picasso's or Peggy's painting seemed to have suffered. And these days, I was happy to be fucked as often as I could.
I had a quiet day the next day, writing up my adventure on Literotica. I confess, though, that I had to masturbate twice, sat on my own toilet, as I relived being fucked by a stranger in a public restroom, driving my dildo up me as hard as I could, mimicking the way the young janitor had rammed his cock up me. I probably should have omitted the pissing, but what the hell, the bathroom floor was tiled. The second time I got the timing wrong again, but I discovered the additional pleasure of emptying my bladder the instant I came. Fuck, the release I got was amazing, and when I searched the internet, I found I wasn't the first to discover the joys of what was called a 'peegasm'.
What with one thing and another, I was really looking forward to the topless waiting that night. Somehow the experience with the janitor made me feel as if, well, almost as if I'd finally grown up sexually. When I walked around this time, my cunt barely covered by the tiny bikini, shaking my tits at the punters it felt different.
This time, when I could see someone with the look in their eyes that told me they wanted to fuck me, this time, I knew I'd let them. If someone had offered me $100 to take me outside and fuck me up against the wall, I'd have done it like a shot. Not that I expected anyone to. It was against the rules, and I'd have got fired at the very least. No, it was the knowledge that if the offer came, that I'd do it, and enjoy another cock, or for that matter, another woman's fingers up my hole.
I was feeling pretty good with myself, flirting with the customers, enjoying them surveying every detail of my breasts, the men comparing them to their partners, I guess, and the women comparing them to their own. I reckoned I came out pretty even, as there were some well-endowed women in, drinking cocktails, mainly, and listening and dancing to the oldies the DJ was playing.
But then I spotted what appeared to be a familiar face in one of the furthest booths. At least, I thought it was after she came up for air after some heavy necking with the guy she was with, using the language Bill Hayley, who was rocking around the clock again through the sound system, would have used. Fucking hell, I was sure it was June.
But who the hell was she with? It certainly wasn't Bill, that was for sure, nor Manuel, her husband. I wasn't supposed to be serving that area, but I made a few diversions on the way back to the bar to get a closer look. Whoever it was wasn't just necking, but had his hand up under June's jumper, and I could see one of her tits apparently change shape as he had a good feel of it.
Shit, they held the kiss too long, and the waitress for this area was giving me a funny look, so I had to go back towards the bar. It must have been ten or fifteen minutes later when I got my next chance, and things had definitely moved on. The guy had his hand way up under her skirt now, and I was pretty sure he was fingering her from the way her legs were flapping around under the table. It really wasn't any of my business, except that she was my friend, and I had her marked down for my husband to be in this guy's position, so I couldn't just leave it.
I told the other waitress, who was looking at me again, that I was just going to say 'hi' to a friend, and I walked over to the booth.
"Hi June," I said and both she and the guy turned to look at me, quizzically, as I'd forgotten I had the mask on.
"Who the fuck are you, and how do you know who I am?"
I knew now who the guy was though. It was her fucking son George, 'fucking' apparently being the operative word, unless unbelievably he was just going to stop with fingering his mother.
I lifted my mask up, for a few seconds. "It's me, Jo. And what the fuck are you two doing? No wonder you didn't answer my texts."
"Oh hi, Aunt Jo. Nice tits," George said, his hand still up between June's legs. Cheeky bastard, but I couldn't fault his taste in breasts, could I?
"I need to get back to work, but you call me tomorrow, June, and fix up when we can meet so you can explain your sudden interest in incest."
I saw them leave shortly after I'd got back to work, but I couldn't recapture the enjoyment I'd had before I spotted them, and I was glad when it was time to go home. The problem was, though, what the hell was I going to tell Bill? And when? And if I wasn't going to get an unbalanced lead in fucking someone other than my partner, I really was going to have to work on Peggy.