Theatre de Amore resides solely in the realm of fantasy. Think of it as a world unto itself. Everyone in this series is a consenting adult (18+ years of age. (Elements contained in this story include: masturbation, MFF, oral sex, exhibitionism/voyeurism).
Theatre de Amore, Ch. 5: The One with Don and Dawn
Early Saturday afternoon there was a gentle, almost hesitant, rapping on my door. I set the book I was reading aside, and padded across the room in my bare feet to answer.
"Billy's been calling on the intercom for you, Selena," Nye said.
Several replies came to mind, but I bit them back. Billy often mislaid his cell phone, so he would call around on the intercoms in various rooms until he either found me, or located someone to find me for him. My suite was my sanctuary, and I refused to allow the installation of an intercom in it, much to his frustration.
"He wanted you to come down to his office," Nye added, when I made no response.
"Is that all he said?"
"He said he wanted you to come down and meet his friend. A special friend."
"Thank you, Nye."
He grinned at me, and darted away, ducking back into the game room across the hall from my suite.
Special friend,I thought as I examined the clothes hanging in my closet. When Billy introduced people he called special friends, he always had a deeper purpose. They were usually people he thought I would enjoy knowing better. Much better. The first special friend of his I'd ever met had been the sculptor who had made the statue we'd used in our first stage play.
I selected an off-the-shoulder sundress, made of a gauzy, lightweight material of periwinkle blue, and a pair of sandals. The design of the dress exposed my midriff, the skirt of it low over my hips. After some thought, I inserted a pair of small diamond earrings Billy had given me a few months ago into my lobes, and selected a thin silver chain with a teardrop shaped aquamarine stone for my neck. The gemstone glinted where it rested at the top of my cleavage.
As I entered Billy's office, he rose from his chair, crossing to meet me, his hands extended. Behind him, the man he had been chatting with rose as well. He was shorter than Billy, with broad shoulders, and a trim physique.
I set my hands in Billy's. He lifted one to his lips, kissing my knuckles with a flourish, his eyes sparkling up at me. His excitement told me a lot about his visitor, before introductions had even started.
"Don, come and meet my beloved muse," Billy said over his shoulder. He half-turned, still holding my left hand, and formally introduced us. Don took the hand when I extended it, kissing the back of it lightly rather than offering a handshake.
"I see that my friend did not exaggerate your charms," Don said, his rich voice like a soft caress.
I glanced briefly at Billy, who watched us with a wide smile of satisfaction.
"Don, his wife, and I went to school together for a time," Billy explained, after he had seen the two of us seated.
"My wife is also named Dawn," his friend said, "though she's D-a-w-n. Like the morning light." There was warm affection in his tone, and I decided right then and there that I was going to like him.
"They also invested in one of my first plays," added Billy.
"With a twelve percent return!" Don replied happily. He turned his attention to me. "Were you fortunate enough to see any of Billy's plays before he decided to retire?"
"I wasn't, but we attended opening night of a revival of one of his works about four months ago." Billy had not taken an active part, other than giving permission for the use of his work. It had been an enjoyable evening, and Billy had been shyly proud for me to see his work performed.
We chatted casually for a few mutes, and I learned that Don and Billy had not seen each other for the past four years, as their business had kept him and his wife overseas. They'd recently made some changes, and moved back about two months ago.
"Giving us the chance to catch up several old friends," Don added. His eyes had remained on me for most of the conversation. There was an intensity about his gaze, giving the impression to that he had nothing more important to do than converse with the person he directed it toward.
"Don was interested in a tour of our little club, " Billy explained.
"My wife and I had hoped to attend the production last night, but something unexpected came up. We were quite disappointed to miss our first look at Billy's latest efforts." Don smiled pleasantly at me, and I felt a small quiver of excitement deep in my belly. He was a surprisingly charming man, without coming across as superficial, and I found myself responding to him.
"I wondered if you might be willing to give him the tour?" Billy asked, looking at me hopefully. He rarely failed to ask me to do a task, rather than simply telling me what he wanted done. He would have been entitled, as he was technically my boss. Billy only preferred to be the boss when he was directing his plays, which is one reason I was in charge of the staff. If I had declined his request, he would have called someone else down or done it himself. I could tell from his look that he was pleased I was warming to his friend.
"Certainly," I said, rising from my seat and looking at Don. He smiled appreciatively and also stood.
"May I?" Don asked, offering me his arm. I linked my arm with his. He didn't seem to mind that I was taller, even with my flats on.
"Be sure to see the theatre," Billy said to us. "And show him the suites. He and Dawn are staying the night as my guests. They are considering joining our merry ranks in the long term." Billy bounced on his toes, a sign of his barely repressed excitement.
As Don and I toured the entertainment venues on the first two floors, our conversation covered a wide range of topics that were unrelated to what the Club had to offer.
As we talked, I studied him with my peripheral vision.
He had close-cropped salt-and-pepper hair, and walked with a confident air. His lips were pale pink, but full, and his teeth straight and gleaming white. With internal amusement, I noted he looked a bit like Anderson Cooper, with a smaller, rounded nose. I liked the sound of his voice, and the openness of his face.
He took a deep interest in several of the themed rooms, and voiced his approval of the pub, but was indifferent towards the larger dance club on the first floor. He asked questions about how Billy and I had developed our ideas for the Club, and shared some of the features of clubs he had visited in other parts of the world. He also related short anecdotes, about his time at school with Billy, which made me smile.
Don was delighted with the theatre, telling me with a significant sidelong look, that he and his wife were looking forward to having the chance to see one of Billy's new plays, and inquired if I would be starring in it.
"I was only sorry we could not attend the opening weekend festivities," he said. His right hand, warm and dry, covered my own where it rested on his left arm.
The theme of the play, and the stage props, led us into conversation on the topic of art. As he closely examined the borrowed statue and painting that were part of the set, and his eyes warmed appreciatively, his fingers absently stroking the back of my hand.
In the middle of our tour of the fourth-floor suites, he broke off in the middle of our discussion on his travels, and leaned toward me.
"I hope that you will join us for drinks sometime this evening," he requested in a low voice. "I know Dawn would be delighted to make your acquaintance. You must give us a chance to get to know you better, my dear." He regarded me with blue-grey eyes and an inviting smile.
"I'd be more than glad to join you both," I replied, the quiver in my lower belly returning as I pondered what he might mean by getting to know me better. "I'll have the doorman notify me when you arrive, and I'll come down to escort you to your suite for check-in."
"Wonderful," he said, sounding genuinely pleased. "I shall look forward to it."
I returned Don to Billy's office, and excused myself to go prepare the club for the evening. Don leaned in and kissed me on both cheeks before I left them to their reunion.
* * * * * * * * *
I dressed carefully for the evening. My silk shirt and long skirt almost seemed conservative, until one realized that both were sheer. I wore no bra, and my soft lace thong was the only nod to undergarments I planned on wearing for the evening. No matter how fashionable something might be, if it were not made of soft material, I wouldn't wear it. I refused to bear the discomfort of anything stiff, itchy, or overly concealing again. I loved the feel of soft material against my skin, and the knowledge that only the barest of layers separated my skin from view.
I slipped on a comfortable pair of flats, not wanting to utterly tower over Don later, and regarded myself in the mirror. While I fixed my hair, I thought back to the conversation I'd had with Jenny earlier that day.
"I think they're going to ask me to sleep with them," I said, having told her about my meeting with Don earlier while we were doing yoga together on the floor in my suite. I generally preferred quiet during my yoga time, but that was never possible with Jenny present. "The wife, too, I mean."
"You ho," she'd said, her tone a mixture of playful and serious. "If you bust your chick cherry with another woman first, I'm going to besoooojealous."
"I don't think I'm ready. Yet." I fidgeted, then confessed, "I don't know what to do. With a woman." I plucked nervously at some imaginary fuzz on the carpet.
"You know what you like to have done to your own body, right?" She lifted an eyebrow.
"Yes," I said, a faint, faraway smile touching my lips. I was momentarily distracted by the thought of some of the things I liked to have done to my body.
"Then you just do those things to someone else." She leaned toward me, speaking in a low, confidential tone as she lowered her eyelashes. "Kiss her like you want to be kissed." At that, she brushed her lips over mine, once, then again. Encountering no resistance, her lips pressed more firmly against my mouth. Nerves in my body began to tingle when she gently prodded my lips open with her own, and slid her tongue lightly between them. I drew a sharp breath into my nose, liquid heat pouring down my spine.
She put her hand on the nape of my neck and slid her mouth along my jawline, then to the sensitive spot just below my earlobe.
"Oh my," I whispered, when she sucked the earlobe gently into her mouth. She kissed my neck, then drew back. Her lids remained half-lowered, giving her a sensual air.
"Touch her the way you want to be touched," she said, her voice a warm caress. She brought her hand around to my shoulder, fingertips resting there lightly. Her fingers trailed slowly down my chest, onto the swell of my breast, light and teasing. She reached the nipple, fingers still applying the barest pressure. My nipple stiffened under the ghost of her fingertips, and she smiled to herself. Her fingers danced downward, and then wrapped themselves around the underside of my breast, cupping it while she ran her thumb lightly back and forth across the nipple.
Part of me remained uncertain, and reminded me that this moment may not be the best time to plunge into anything new. Part of me wanted to know what came next. That part of me was growing wet, and hot, and more curious by the moment.
"Just like you, she'll be getting wet now. Thinking about what's coming."
"What's coming?" I asked, nearly breathless. My eyes were on her lips. They were still smiling.
Jenny's hand resumed its travels, the backs of her hand brushing across my belly, down to the elastic waistband of my yoga pants. The hand paused while her mouth made contact with mine again. I parted my lips eagerly and felt a gentle puff of laughter from her mouth.
Distracted by the kiss, I almost failed to notice her hand was now on my inner thigh, stroking back and forth. Each stroke upward brought her fingers closer and closer to my sex. Then her fingers brushed over the fabric covering my damp heat, and I jumped, breaking the kiss.
"I could do you, Selena," she purred. "I could lay you back, and peel these pants off you. Spread your legs and kiss my way up your thighs until I reach that pretty pussy of yours. I could kiss and lick and suck you 'til you came in my mouth." She laid her hand solidly on my thigh. "Then I'd grind my pussy against yours, and I promise you'd forget I don't have a cock. I could make your body sing, girl."
I swallowed convulsively, wide-eyed, caught by the cadence of her words.
"You're wet right now, aren't you?"
"Yes." I swallowed again, and closed my eyes against her, trying to regain control of the situation. "But I-I don't think I'm ready."
"Always so honest," she said with a sigh. "Just tell them that tonight." She drew back from me, and opened her eyes fully. She sighed again. "I think I'm going to go to my room and get myself off," she said in her regular voice.
As she started to move away, I half-opened my eyes and put my hand on her wrist.
"You don't have to." I felt my cheeks warm. "I mean, you don't have to go to your room."
Her smile broadened.
"Oh Selena, my naughty girl," she said, chuckling. "You want to watch!"
Before I could say more, she stood and started shucking off her clothing. She kept her eyes on me while she did, tossing aside her pants before she even considered taking off her top. I didn't miss the gleam of juices on her puffy nearly-bare lips.
Jenny was grinning now, confident and sexy as she freed herself from her t-shirt. She glanced around, then put her bare ass on the edge of my vanity table for support. She spread her legs, looking down at me where I still sat cross-legged on the floor.
"You could have this, you know. Just say the word." She used her fingers to spread her outer lips and I found myself leaning ever-so-slightly forward in anticipation. My throat had gone dry, and my heart was doing a little tap dance in my chest. My fingers played absently in the thick carpet, worrying a nervous design.
Jenny's first two fingers dipped between her inner lips, and she murmured softly as they began to spread her glistening juices over both sets of lips. She teased herself in that way, until her outer lips shone.
I watched transfixed as she used one hand to toy with her nipples, pinching and pulling at one until it was a hard nub, then moving to the other to repeat the same treatment. My own were hard peaks beneath my shirt, obviously erect to anyone looking. I dug my fingers in the carpet to resist touching myself.
"I know you're wet," she told me, inserting two fingers into her soaking wet pussy. "Oh god, I want to cum just thinking about how wet you are right now. I'll bet you gush like a fountain when you cum." She licked her lips, then her head tipped back, and moaned sharply as her fingers began to work in and out. "I want to get off so bad." She bit her bottom lip as her fingers worked faster.
I kept catching myself holding my breath, and forced myself to remember how to breathe. My eyes were transfixed by the sight of her fingers, and I began to wish I had let her touch me with them. I bit my bottom lip.
"Oohhhh," Jenny moaned loudly. Her eyes were on me again, and her wet fingers slipped free, then pressed hard against her clit. She began to rub in firm circles, squeezing her breast in one hand while working her clit with the other. "I'm thinking about grinding my clit against yours, giving you your first taste of pussy." Her hand became a blur as she massaged her clit furiously. "Oh fuck, yeah, come fuck me, give it to me, baby." Her hand fell away from her breast and braced against the table. "I'm cumming," she cried out, "oh god, yeah, Selena, baby, aaaahhhhhh!"
I watched her body shudder, her hips rolling against her hand, her mouth open, eyes closed, and her cheeks and chest flushed. She whimpered slightly and her fingers thrust deep inside herself. She ground her hips down against her fingers, panting, gripping the edge of the table tightly.
I found myself rocking slightly back and forth, tantalizing my own body, and forced myself to stop. I rose to my feet as Jenny came down from her orgasmic high. She opened her eyes and grinned at me, slowly removing her fingers from her dripping hole. She straightened as I came close.
"You're are so gorgeous when you cum," I told her sincerely, and took her hand. I lifted it to my lips, and sucked her two soaked fingers into my mouth. Her eyes went wide, and she took a shivering breath as I licked and sucked the nectar off her fingers, enjoying the sweet tangy tasty of her. "Thank you," I added, lightly kissing her before stepping back.
"Next time I cum for you, it's going to be because we're both naked and fucking," she promised. "Even if it's a one-time thing, it's going to be me and you." She whispered, "Billy might be your first everything, but he'll never be your first pussy." She drew back, smiling devilishly.
"Go on, you," I said, giving her a pat on her bare ass. "I need some time to settle down again before tonight."
"Are you going to masturbate when I go?" she asked, laughing.
"No, but I'm going to be thinking about it. And about you." I gave her a wicked grin of my own, and scooped her clothes off my floor. "Here." I handed them over, and she dressed quickly.
On her way out, she blew me a kiss. Once the door shut behind her, I breathed a sigh of pent-up frustration, and went back to my yoga, determined to settle my body before I gave in and touched the wetness between my legs.
Shaking free of my reverie, I saw my nipples poking up through the thin white material of my shirt, and smirked at my reflection. They were always visible to a degree in their usual state, but were more obvious when aroused.
Since I would have the first part of the evening free, before taking over floor management from Jenny at midnight, I decided to have a drink with Don and his wife, and see where it might lead. At the thought of what possibilities they might offer, my nipples hardened further, and I shut my closet door on the sight in the mirror, determined to save myself for later.
* * * * * * * * *
Around nine, I was starting to wonder if Don and his wife had had a change of plans. To avoid getting into an entanglement that might make me unavailable when they arrived, I had worked my way through the second floor, visiting with guests who were otherwise unengaged, and giving breaks to the various staff members who were on duty. I was turning the pub bar back over to Jason when I received the message that Don and Dawn had arrived.
I spotted Don immediately as he stepped out of the elevator on the fourth floor with a tall, suntanned woman on his arm. They each carried a small overnight bag in one hand. His eyes lit up when he spotted me, and he said something I didn't hear to the woman he escorted.
Her eyes found mine, and a wide smile broke over her face just as I reached them.
"Selena, my dear," he said, his warm, rich voice wrapping around me. "You must meet my far better half. Dawn, my lovely, this is Selena. Billy's Selena," he added.
I offered Dawn my hand, and she took it in surprisingly large, but soft, hands.
"I'm so pleased to meet you," she said. "Don spoke so highly of you to me this afternoon. And of course, I couldn't wait to meet the mystery woman who has captured our Billy's heart so thoroughly. Such a coup!"
Unlike some of the women in Billy's world that I had encountered, her words seemed genuine. I detected no undertones of insincerity that occasionally accompanied conversations with some women I had met socially through Billy.
I replied to her greeting, then showed them to the door of the suite Billy had selected for their stay. I suggested that they take time to settle in, but they only needed a couple of moments to drop their bags and have a quick look at the room. Don wanted to change into his club robe, so I told them I would return shortly, and excused myself to fetch a bucket of ice for their room.
Reunited, Don asked if I wouldn't mind repeating our tour from earlier, so that Dawn could have a look around. Her eyes sparked with interest when I mentioned many of the areas were now in use.
I started with the fourth floor. The media area caught their interest right away, and I explained the live feed from the other floors could also be viewed in their suite.
"And this is also something we can see in person?" Dawn asked, fingers toying with the button on her low-cut blouse. I'm not sure she even realized she was touching it.
"That monitor shows the second floor," I said, indicating the TV to their left. "There's an area set aside for those who are interested, allowing them to film their own movie, as it were. And the cameraman is often also a visitor, rather than staff. We do have staff available for tech assistance, so even amateurs can get a nice shot or two, and allow viewers to enjoy what's available, or they will operate the camera for them, if that's what they prefer."
I pointed to the second TV.
"That's a private room, with a stationary camera that can be turned on."
Dawn's eyes sparkled as she spent a few moments studying the TVs. The view from the private room consisted of a couple undressing each other, occasionally glancing over at the camera, as if they could see the audience beyond.
As we stood there, there was a flurry of activity in the hallway as small groups of people passed each other on their way to various parts of the Club. It drew my guests' attention back to the tour, and we proceeded onward.
By the time we had completed the fourth-floor tour and were preparing to step off the elevator on the second floor, Dawn had linked her arm through mine, with Don on the other side of her. I pretended not to notice she had my arm pressed against the side of her generous, firm breast. She was nearly as tall as I was, and solidly built, like her husband. I learned she spent time nearly every day exercising or at sports, which explained the strength I felt in her arm. She was my opposite in that way; I preferred the quiet of my room where I could read, and aside from sex, yoga was my most vigorous activity. Even though I was taller, I felt somewhat dwarfed by her, not only in size, but by her looming personality.
"Oh, Don," she murmured excitedly. He turned his head to smile at her while she looked around the second-floor entry.
I was uncertain exactly where their interests might lie, but they were here, so they were hardly likely to be uptight about what we may encounter. Pleased to show them what was offered, I walked them through the areas that weren't set aside for privacy at that moment.
We passed through the area where a man and two women had taken the place of the couple we had viewed onscreen upstairs. I didn't rush them, and they spent several minutes watching the trio being filmed in various poses together.
"A little too blonde for my tastes," I heard Dawn say quietly to her husband. "I find myself with a longing for dark hair tonight." He chuckled and I saw his eyes shift to me. I raised an eyebrow at him, amused, and noticed he squeezed his wife's hand as I did.
I found myself warming to her as I had warmed to her husband earlier in the day. They had the same sincere charm, and the same easy ability to converse. I learned she was just a year younger than Don, though she looked much younger. She laughed and confided to having had a small nip tuck for her fortieth birthday. I liked her openness.
Don remarked how interesting it was to have seen the Club in its unused state earlier, and to see it again now, bustling with people and activity. Dawn expressed her regret on missing the earlier tour, and thanked me for making the time for them both this evening.
We worked our way to the pub on the second floor, and took an out-of-the-way table. They sat to either side of me, sandwiching me in effectively. Drinks were set before us, and we sipped them appreciatively.
"Is it hard to find sex workers?" Dawn inquired. I nearly choked on my drink.
"They're not sex workers," I said with a small laugh. "The staff are just staff. The ones we hire just happen to enjoy sex, or have something they want to explore and need a safe place to do that. None of them are hired to have sex. That's not what we pay them to do." I grinned. "That's simply a perk of the job."
"So, if they don't want to have sex with a paying member?" Dawn shifted so that she leaned toward me.
"Then they don't. No one who works herehasto have sex. With anyone. They're hired to do the tasks that staff at any resort would do. It's made clear in the membership agreement that no one is obligated to have any sort of relations here." I waved my hand toward the bartender. "Jason doesn't indulge at all. He pours drinks, he makes small talk, he goes home." I spotted Paris across the pub and nodded toward her. "Now, Paris, on the other hand? Sheaskedto be, let's call it an entertainment hostess, shall we? She wants to feel like she's getting paid to seduce members. But if she came to me and said she didn't want to include that in her shift tonight, I'd put her on something that had less public contact for the evening. If someone is doing something here, it's because they want to."
"Oh, I like that," Dawn said, setting her chin in her hand and running her eyes flirtatiously over me. "I like the idea that someonewantsto do me." She sipped her drink.
"What about your actors?" Don asked. "I understand that, errr, there's live sex on the stage."
"Acting is also voluntary. Mostly the people onstage are interested in acting as a hobby, and of course, simply exploring what Billy's plays here allow us to do. Things that most live theatres wouldn't," I dropped my eyes a moment, "and a couple of the staff are interested in developing a career at some point." I regarded my drink, swirling the glass to watch my ice cubes batter each other. "Billy prefers at least some acting talent, of course. But he's been good about coaching the ones less, um, experienced with the stage. In acting, that is."
Don and Dawn chuckled and exchanged a look.
"I won't lie and say that some of the staff don't receive tips from some members, as appreciation for their, hmm,choices," I glanced at Dawn slyly. "But it's not why I pay their salary, and I would not want someone on staff who was doing this just for the money."
"Why do you do it?" Dawn asked, shifting in her seat in a way that seemed to transmit a message directly to me. She was interested. In me.
"I do it because I want to explore. I want to enjoy the freedom of it, the variety, and learning what's out there. Billy--" I stopped abruptly, and took a sip of my drink. "Billy encouraged me to learn more about myself, and what I want. I want to keep doing that. I want to know other people in a way that goes beyond superficial cocktail party talk." I flushed slightly, my cheeks warm.
Don and his wife exchanged another look, then both regarded me with steady gazes.
"My dear, you must have guessed by now that Dawn and I would like to invite you back to our suite, if you'rewilling, of course." He looked at me intensely, his eyes gleaming as he teased me. "We'd like very much to get to know you beyond the cocktail talk, as well." He put his hand over the one I had resting on the table. Warmth traveled up my arm and Dawn shifted in her seat again.
I lifted my eyes and looked at her. There was no way to get around my hesitation, and I wouldn't care to mislead them. "I haven't been with a woman. And I don't think that I...that I'm quite ready to try just yet. Though I think you're quite attractive," I added, my eyes roaming over her face. "I don't want to make false promises, or lead you on for something I can't deliver."
They shared another look between them, Dawn nodding slightly.
"Billy said as much, my dear. But would you be willing to come with us? Dawn is content to be just a spectator this evening." Don stroked my cheek with the back of his fingers. "I would like to be more."
"Oh," I said softly, and glanced shyly at his wife. She looked back with an encouraging smile, and a spark of something lit her eyes.
"I won't be involved in any way that you wouldn't want. And I won't expect anything that you don't offer freely," she said. "Don and I have shared partners before, naturally. But we have also both been content to watch the other." She set her hand lightly on my knee. "You should know, we're both direct in our desires, and very vocal. So I'm telling you, I would dearly love to see you with him tonight, Selena. Will you? It would please us both."
"Yes," I said, feeling my nipples tingling in response to my agreement and to the hand on my knee. "Yes, I'd like that." I looked to Don, seeing him beaming with pleasure at the two of us.
"Shall we?" he asked, rising to his feet and extending his hand.
* * * * * * * * *
Dawn entered the suite ahead of me, and Don brought up the rear. The lighting had been set low, giving the room an intimate glow.
"Let's have a small drink first," Dawn said, moving to the small bar to pour for us. I noticed she handed something to Don along with his drink.
"Viagra," Don said in an offhand manner. "Do you mind? I find after forty, it's nice to have a little help if you hope to go more than a round or two." He laughed self-depreciatively, and I thought again how much I liked him. Both of them, really.
I noticed Dawn slipping a few steps away as I finished the last of my drink and set the empty glass on the nightstand. Don was looking at me with naked interest now, as he sipped the last of his drink as well. After he'd discarded his glass, he drew me into his arms and kissed me. The kiss was warm with whiskey and promise.
The kiss continued and deepened. I found my arms going around his waist and rested my hands, one on top of the other, on the small of his back.
"Beautiful," he murmured against my lips. His kisses were expert, and exciting. He seemed to know exactly how much pressure to apply, and for how long. His hands stroked slowly up my back to my shoulders, then down again, warm and strong. His tongue slipped into my mouth, bringing the touch of whiskey and excitement with it.
"Dear Selena," he sighed. From another person I might have found the endearment off-putting. On his lips, it seemed natural and was like a caress of my skin. He leaned back from me just a fraction. "I hope you won't be offended to know that Billy mentioned to me that you have a particular talent for sucking cock."
"He didn't say sucking cock," I said, feeling amused. My estimation of Don went up; Billy didn't often give out information freely, not without purpose. His trust and regard for Don must run deeper than I had first thought.
Don's expression took on an unexpected bashful note. "He didn't. He said fellatio. Would you prefer me to use that word?"
"No. I like the way you say it." I lowered my lashes. "There's a vibration in your voice when you say it. Sucking cock, that is. Like you're trembling on the inside." I glanced at him again, letting him read the lust in my gaze.
"Billy knows what I like, or he never would have brought it up." Don's hand cupped my cheek. "Would you, my dear? Would you get things started?" His breathing changed, and the gleam in his eye brightened. He leaned in and spoke quietly in my ear. "Suck my cock, if you would be so kind."
I shivered lightly and licked my lips, anticipating.
Taking a half-step back, I reached for the belt at Don's waist. I tugged, and it came loose. I spread open his robe and gazed at Don's body. He was nicely toned, in good shape for a man over forty. His chest was lightly covered in hair with the same salt-and-pepper color as his head. I ran my hand over it, feeling the softness against my palm as it traveled over his chest.
My gaze preceded my hand below his navel. His cock was semi-rigid. It appeared that he was a little below average, and I was surprised, to be honest. I had been expecting a thick cock to match his wide shoulders. Ridiculous, of course, to believe that one had anything to do with the other.
"I know it's not much to look at," Don said, sounding matter-of-fact, "but I promise to do whatever it takes to satisfy you, my dear." I smiled slightly without looking up. Don discarded his robe and stood before me, fully nude and full of promising potential.
I dropped carefully to my knees and placed my hands on his thighs. I glanced up at him, to find him looking down at me. I ran my hands along his thighs, up and down slowly. While still looking up, I allowed one hand to wrap around his steadily hardening cock and squeezed gently. His eyes flickered, enough to let me know my grip was effective, and desired. My other hand slid up and caressed his balls with my palm. Don made a small noise through closed lips.
A sudden thought caused a shot of excitement to go through me, rippling down until it reached my pussy and caused it to clench. Don's cock would be perfect for me, after all. At least in this particular activity.
I brought my mouth down slowly onto the head of his cock, and he moaned softly as my warm lips enveloped him.
"That's it, Selena." His voice was rough, but the hand stroking my cheek was gentle. "Suck it, suck my cock."
Normally, I liked to kiss and lick and work my way down from the head to the base, but seized by the idea that I could swallow Don's entire cock, I pressed ahead without the tease. I let myself sink him further and further between my lips, until I could feel him in the back of my throat.
"Ahh, god," he moaned, "she's got me deep." I glanced up to see his eyes were straight ahead. I had nearly forgotten about Dawn. "I'm getting so hard."
His cock was growing in my mouth, swelling and pulsing as it grew. I shifted, then grasped him by the ass, digging my fingers in with gentle pressure. I applied suction, and bobbed my head a bit, allowing him to slide an inch or two back and forth between my lips.
"Ahhhh," he sighed out, as I changed approach again, working my mouth up and down over his entire length several times before letting his rigid cock pop out of my mouth. It bounced a little, smacking gently against my lips before I re-captured the head. I wrapped my forefinger and thumb around the base, pressing my palm against his body.
Concentrating, I began to suck and work the head and first couple of inches with my tongue and lips. I felt Don's fingers resting lightly at the back of my neck as my nipples contracted and hardened almost painfully, while my pussy flowed freely.
"Ohhhh, the head," Don moaned. "That's it, my dear, suck the head, just like that. Oh god, he was right, she's perfection."
I let his words wash over me, and continued my ministrations another couple of minutes, eyes closed, letting myself enjoy it as much as he did. After a moment, I took him deep into my mouth again while he moaned and encouraged me, and reported the sensations to Dawn, a still-silent presence at my back.
"Stop a minute," Don begged me. "Stop and take your clothes off. Let me see all of you." He helped me to my feet and glanced over my shoulder. "Will you face Dawn?"
I turned, and saw her for the first time since I'd begun sucking her husband's cock.
Dawn had disrobed, except for a small thong. Her hand was busy beneath the small strip of fabric, moving languorously as she stroked her pussy. Her eyes were shining, and her neck flushed under her tan. Her breasts were firm, hardly any sag to them at all where they jutted up from her chest. She had large brown areolas and wide nipples.
"Would you like to undress me?" I asked her, in a silken voice.
She didn't answer, but came to me immediately. When she began to unbutton my blouse, I could smell the scent of her sex on her fingers. My nipples contracted painfully. I licked my lips as she slowly, steadily worked her way down the front of my blouse, the backs of her hands brushing my breasts as she worked.
Once unbuttoned, I shrugged my way out of the blouse and tossed the flimsy material aside. Dawn was frozen, staring at my chest. I caressed and kneaded flesh as she watched from a foot away. I tweaked my nipples and shivered when the sensation traveled like a bolt of lightning between my legs. Don's erection prodded me from behind.
"What do you see, Dawn?" he asked, hands touching my ass.
"Firm, beautiful tits," she answered. "A perfect handful. Her nipples are the same color as her lips. That gorgeous red you went on about this afternoon. They're erect."
Dawn slipped my skirt down over my hips and let it fall to the floor. I kicked it aside and looked at her. "Go on," I said.
She hooked three fingers into the front of my thong and drew it down slowly, allowing the backs of her fingers to run over my triangle of curls as the wisp of material slid down. A hint of moisture on one of her fingers gleamed in the low light, a small offering from my damp folds.
"She's not shaved," Dawn reported to her husband. "Not my usual preference, but there's something so alluring about that mound of dark hair covering such pale skin. She's perfect as she is." Her eyes sought her husband's over my shoulder. "What did he call her?"
"My angel," Don said in reply. "The back view is lovely. A nice, round ass, beautifully shaped." His hands were on my hips now, and pressed his erection against the ass he was so lovingly commenting on. "Proportions are perfect, and tantalizing. Let me see the rest, Selena."
"You can sit if it's more comfortable," I told her, and she stumbled back into the padded chair near the bed. She tugged her own thong down and kicked it away, exposing her shaved pussy to us. I watched as she spread her legs and showed me how the moisture leaked from between her lips.
I turned back to Don, and adjusted our positions so that his wife had a better view, seeing us from the side. I dropped back to my knees, eager to have Don in my mouth again. I treated him to more of my skill, and soon had him vocal and calling out again. His words and the feel of him in my mouth excited me, and I dropped my hand between my legs.
His hand returned to my neck, his touch firmer. He was groaning and panting above me as I worked his flesh, and my own. My fingers were slippery with the juices coming from my pussy, and I rubbed my clit, briefly remembering for a brief moment the sight of Jenny doing the same in my room earlier.
"Don, look. She's touching herself," Dawn said in a strained voice. I know she continued speaking, but there was a roaring in my ears as my orgasm swept through me. I whimpered and moaned around Don's cock as my fingers worked magic on my clit. I was only marginally aware of Dawn reaching her own orgasm seconds later.
"Ohhhhh, Selena," Don said., and with that warning, he began thrusting into my mouth. "Yes, darling girl, yes, make me cum, yes, ohhhhh, I want you to swallow it, suck my cock." I nearly choked before I was able to adjust and keep up with him, allowing him to continue fucking my mouth. "Dawn! Oh, god, yes, I'm cumming, I'm cumming, right down her throat, ohhhhhh!"
With a pulse, he unleashed his load which I swallowed as quickly as possible, while he continued to cum in my mouth, and down my throat as he had promised Dawn. When I'd had enough, I pulled back, and he released me. I pulled free just as the last of his cum dribbled across my lips.
Looking up at him, I licked my lips, swallowing the last little bit as he watched my mouth. His cock twitched, waving tiredly, still glistening with my saliva. I rose to my feet and he pulled my head down for a deep kiss.
With a sigh, he released me and shuffled back to sit on the edge of the bed.
"That was marvelous, my dear." His fingers stroked the damp curls covering my mound as I stood near him. With a feathery touch, he dipped his fingertips into my juices and smeared them around the inner lips. He brushed my clit as he did, and my pussy twitched, still settling after my recent release. "Such a beautiful woman." He withdrew his hand. "Sit next to me," he invited, and I sat on the edge of the bed.
Dawn sat back in her chair before us, wet pussy spread open, hands toying with her full breasts as she observed us.
"She is beautiful," Dawn agreed. "Fuck her for me, Don. I want you to fuck her and make her cum for me. I want to see her face this time." Her voice was vibrated with need, and she looked at me with lust-glazed eyes. "I want to see her enjoying your cock."
"Selena," Don said, cupping one of my breasts with his hand. "I want to please you this time." He slipped off the bed and knelt before me. I smiled and spread my legs for him.
Don worked kisses up my legs until he reached the juncture between my thighs. He expertly licked my pussy, until I was squirming with need for him to finish what he started. I dug my fingers in his hair when he blew gently on my clit and inserted one of his strong fingers inside of me. He used the other hand to prevent me from grinding against his mouth.
"Please, Don," I begged, "oh, please, more, I want more."
"Fuck her, Don," his wife said, adding her opinion. "Make her cum for us. I can see by the look on her face, she's ready for it."
"Would you like that, Selena?" Don asked, kissing my thigh, and tracing his finger around the crease of my leg, instead of working it inside of me like I wanted, no, like I needed.
"Yes, yes please. I need to be fucked now." I whimpered softly when he blew on my clit again, and teased my opening with the tip of his tongue.
"Then that's what you'll get," he said. He stood, then pulled me to my feet. He held me until I was steady on my feet, then turned me so my back was to him.
Carefully, he maneuvered until he was lying back on the bed, and had pulled me onto him so that I was crouched just above his rigid cock, still facing away from him. I faced Dawn, who was busy with her hand between her legs as she watched us.
Ready to have him inside me at long last, I mounted Don's cock, and sat still for a moment, savoring the feel of him inside of me. He wasn't as deep as I would have liked, but I was well on my way to achieving an orgasm after the ministrations he had performed with his mouth.
I rotated my hips, grinding myself against him. He grunted in satisfaction, his hands rubbing along my ass.
"Oh god," Dawn said, panting and working two fingers hard in her pussy. I watched in fascination, much as I had with Jenny, as she stroked herself into a frenzy.
My hips began to flex and I used my leg muscles to raise and lower myself on Don's cock as I continued watching Dawn. As I moved faster, my orgasm came dancing within my reach, and Dawn began to talk again.
"Oh fuck, Don, she's beautiful riding your cock. Look at her, oh my god, those tits bouncing up and down. I want to suck her nipples, Don. Those lovely red rosebuds, right in my mouth."
A small moan escaped me, and I braced my hands against Don's thighs to give myself better leverage. He helped me by lifting my ass with his palms, helping me ride more fiercely as I listened to Dawn.
"Is she good, Don?"
"She's so good," he answered. "She's so tight, darling. I can feel her milking my cock. It's all I can do not to cum in her right now."
"Ohhhhh!" I moaned loudly, my ears full of their lustful talk, and my eyes full of Dawn's pleasure. "Yes, oh yes, don't stop, please, please!" I was fucking Don as furiously as I could from this position, rising, lowering, then grinding against him. Each roll of my hips worked my swollen clit until I was ready to burst.
"Oh fuck yes, I'm cumming! That's it, Don! Give it to her! I'm cumming!" Dawn wailed as her hand worked furiously between her legs, pinching her nipples hard between the fingers of her free hand. She threw her head back, her neck muscles straining as she reached another orgasm. "Fuck her!" she cried out.
Don was grunting, and watching Dawn orgasm pushed me over the edge. I slammed myself down, grinding against Don's pelvic bone, his cock buried inside of me. "Oohhhhh!" I near-shouted, "oh yes, that's it, yes, I'm cumming!" I shook, and thrust myself against Don again, hearing him grunt once more.
"She's cumming on my cock!" he announced to Dawn, fulfilling her previous demand. "It's so good, she feels so good, darling."
I closed my eyes and rode, as wave after orgasmic wave shook me inside. Dawn had warned me they were vocal, but I had no idea the two of them would create such an erotic atmosphere around me with their words. I had always liked when men talked to me during sex, with few exceptions, but the two of them together truly doubled the pleasure.
Don's hips were moving under me, with the movement was flooding my clit with stimulation. My hands squeezed his thighs hard. My own thighs were quivering, and I could hear my drenched pussy positively sloshing as Don kept up the pace.
"Oh, please!" I cried out, not sure whether I was begging for him to stop or to keep going. I was gripped by another orgasm, hard on the heels of the first one. "Yes, oh yes," I moaned.
Don lifted me off his cock once I had stilled, and laid me out on my back on the bed. His hand stroked my face, my breast, my stomach. I looked down my body to see what he was doing.
Don had his hand wrapped around his cock and was on his knees between my legs.
"My turn, ladies," he said with a smile, and pumped his hand rapidly.
He came across my stomach with a quiet grunt, the four quick spurts lashing across my skin. I watched in satisfaction, certain that Billy must have told him not only what I enjoyed doing, but what I enjoyed having done to me.
While he still knelt over me, I rubbed the sticky substance into my skin. Don winked at me, and clambered off the bed to go to his wife. I stretched and sighed happily, settling onto the bed as Don led her over to the other side. He crawled in between us, and the three of us laid quietly, recovering.
After a time, Don made love to his wife while I lay beside them and watched. Unlike the encounter with me, they whispered sweetly in soft voices, and focused on each other until Don came inside of her. She kissed him, and he rolled off, lying between us again. He took my hand, and held it, holding Dawn's with the other.
We lay still and peaceful, and I marveled at how comfortable I felt in here with them, as if I had known them much longer than a day. I wondered what it would be like to know someone as long as they had known each other, and Billy.
Finally, I rolled toward Don. When he turned his head to smile at me, I kissed him lightly on the mouth, then leaned over him to kiss Dawn in the same manner.
"It's time for me to go," I said, with real regret. Jenny would be waiting for me to relieve her soon.
"We'd very much like it if you could have a drink with us again next month," Don said.
"During our next visit," Dawn clarified. "When we put our new membership to use."
More to come...
Thanks to andyinoz for editing and my helpful advanced readers!