It really is necessary to read Mindy's Escapades Ch. 1 before reading this one. Chapter one details her physical description and how I found out about her latent sexually submissive side.
*****
Mindy and I planned a Caribbean vacation in a couple of weeks. Our flight was from Dallas and I thought it would give us a great opportunity to visit my friend Hunter from college. Mindy knows about him and most of our adventures in school, but she's never met him. After graduation I moved to Dallas and he moved to Chicago. We've seen each other a few times since school when my business required me to travel to Chicago. Hunter recently transferred to his company's Dallas office for a temporary assignment and I've wanted to visit him for a few weeks and have him meet Mindy. With my new found power, thoughts of that meeting have crossed my mind and I came up with a very elaborate plan.
Watching a skin flick one evening that showed a threesome with a black man and a white man with a young, petite woman, Mindy made the comment that the stories about black men must be true. I told her that wasn't necessarily the case and that I've seen white guys hung better than the black man on the screen. She couldn't believe it and told me that I was the biggest she'd ever seen. I told her she was in for a surprise because that definitely wasn't the case. When she asked me how I knew that, I simply explained that I played sports and the showers in the locker rooms weren't exactly private. What I didn't tell her was that Hunter would make the guy in the skin flick look small. Although I'd never seen Hunter with an erection, he is larger flaccid than I am erect, so I could only imagine.
The plan I came up with was very detailed and would take a lot of planning, but if it worked it would be great. Hunter had a 30th birthday coming up the Saturday before we flew out for Mexico and I began putting my plan together. I discussed the details with Mindy and although she was all for it, she wasn't sure she could pull it off. I told her we would practice it several times and she'd do fine. The plan included a nurse going to his office to perform a complete physical for a rather large insurance policy his company wanted to buy for him. Of course, Mindy would be the nurse.
Cindy, Hunter's personal secretary moved with him to Dallas and she and I had a good rapport. I knew she'd be willing to help me with my plan. After discussing the details with Mindy, I called Cindy with a few of the basic details. She loved the idea and would help me by clearing his schedule for 5:00 the Friday before we flew to Mexico. In addition, I asked her to take pictures of his office and email them to me so I would know exactly where to set up the cameras. Cindy typed a letter on their company letterhead explaining that the company intended to purchase a key man insurance policy on him and that they had scheduled his physical for the Friday we discussed. He basically had no choice but to keep the appointment.
I called Hunter to tell him we'd be in town the Saturday afternoon of his birthday. He was as excited as I was, but for very different reasons.
Mindy began to get excited when we started shopping for a nursing dress and the equipment necessary to pull this scheme off. After spending over an hour in a uniform shop trying on nurse outfits we began to realize they were all too conservative for our plan. Mindy suggested we go to a costume shop. I thought that was a great idea and it let me know she was definitely interested in our scheme.
We found the perfect dress in no time. It was white, very short, buttoned up the front and was extremely low cut. Not that Mindy needed it, but it pushed her tits up quite a bit and revealed a great deal of cleavage. It was also designed at the top where it would show her nipples with the slightest bend. She decided that she needed white thigh high stockings to finish off the look. When she modeled the ensemble for me at home I was erect almost instantly.
During the next week we practiced every move she'd make while in his office. Mindy practiced the hour long routine on me several times. She even took a blood sample from me the first three times. After the tenth practice run Mindy smiled at me and said, "I wonder if Michael would let me practice this on him." I simply laughed at the stupid question.
She did practice the routine on Michael the next day. All Michael could say afterward was what a good friend he and Hunter had.
The excitement built up for Mindy and me all week; me because I enjoy her showing off and for her because she was going to undress a man she'd only heard of and never met.
We arrived at Hunter's office a few minutes before 5:00 and I let Mindy enter while I stood in the hallway making sure Hunter didn't see me. When Mindy walked into his office Cindy announced she was leaving for the day. After the door closed, I walked in and sat down in the waiting room with my laptop ready to watch the entire live show after Mindy placed the cases housing the cameras in their proper place. Cindy didn't know Mindy was my wife and assumed she was just someone I hired for the job. Cindy said on her way out the door, "That woman looks so good I think I want her myself." I told Cindy that I didn't know she swung that way. She replied that she didn't, but that woman might convince her to change.
For simplicity Mindy introduced herself to Hunter as Wendy. It wasn't original, but it was humorous. Mindy opened the two small cases that held her equipment and the cameras, placed one on a table on the right side of the room that videoed the front of the desk where he would stand when she began the physical and the other that videoed the top of his desk, where she planned to finish. I was extremely excited when the video came live across my computer.
"My god, I wasn't expecting a nurse that looked anything like you," Hunter announced.
"Calm down big boy before you embarrass yourself," Mindy responded. "This is already going to be a little embarrassing for you."
"What do you mean?" Hunter said with a concerned look.
"Well, it is a complete physical. Didn't your assistant give you the details I emailed her?"
"No, no she didn't."
Mindy smiled at him. "Relax; it won't be painful, except for the blood sample."
"You're kidding."
"No, please hand me your right arm," Mindy said with some authority.
After taking the sample she said, "Please remove your shirt, it will make the next few steps a little easier."
Hunter slowly removed his shirt, but had a concerned look on his face the whole time.
I couldn't wait until Mindy got to the part where she could see his huge dick. I wanted that to be a total surprise to her.
It's funny, in school Hunter always tried to wear something to hide the fact he had a huge dick. I always told him if it were mine I'd go commando in the tightest pants I could find. For some reason the thought of someone seeing the outline of his dick in his pants always embarrassed him. One of the girls I went out with in college entered our apartment with me while Hunter walked out of the shower completely nude. It took about thirty minutes for the rumors about his size to get around school.
Mindy followed every step of our practiced routine. She took his blood pressure and wrote the numbers on a form in her clipboard. She pulled out the stethoscope, placed it on his chest and monitored his heart rate. Instead of simply asking him to turn around, she placed a hand on each shoulder and turned him around in an attempt to show a little authority. She placed the stethoscope on his back and had him breathe in and out deeply. Everything at this point appeared very professional. Mindy handed him a cup, smiled and told him she needed a urine sample. He headed for his private bathroom in his office.
"Where are you going?" she asked.
"To fill this up."
"No, I have to observe. Men have tried to use urine from other people and even tried to fill one with a bottle after turning their back to me. I have a very good job that pays very well and I don't intend to lose it. You need to stand right here in front of me while I watch."
"Bullshit, I don't think I'll be able to go with you watching," Hunter stated while looking at the urine cup.
"Well, I guess we'll be here a long time then."
Hunter stood in front of his desk with Mindy seated a couple of feet in front. The top of her dress gaped open and her dress covered her by only a few inches. At that point things appeared fairly legitimate.
I don't think Hunter even noticed her attire at that moment because he was so nervous.
After at least two minutes of standing in front of his desk staring at the urine cup, Hunter began to unzip his pants.
Mindy said, "You may as well unsnap your pants and drop them. We're going to get there eventually anyway. After you urinate, I have to check you to make sure there is no discharge and I can't do that from across the room. In addition, I have to perform a hernia check and a prostate exam."
Hunter's face went blank. "This just keeps getting better," he stated sarcastically.
He unbuttoned his pants and dropped them. The expression on Mindy's face was priceless. She kept her cool sitting in front of him less than two feet away and watched. When she was sure he couldn't see her face, she turned to the camera and mouthed the words "Oh my god and wow," before giving me a huge smile.
When he finally did begin to urinate, he almost filled the cup to the brim. Mindy nonchalantly took the cup, placed the lid on it, wrote something on the lid and placed it in one of her cases.
Mindy scooted up in the chair 'accidently' opening her legs giving him a great view up her short dress. His eyes kept bouncing from her tits to her pussy. Since His view up her dress was unobstructed and because of her skimpy bikini, she was shaved completely. She then took out a wet wipe with her right hand and grabbed his dick with her left. It's something I know she did intentionally to give me a better view through the camera. Her tiny hand barely wrapped around his dick and he was flaccid. She slowly began wiping the head of his dick with the wet wipe and never changed her facial expression. It all looked professional from my view.
Hunter said, "If you keep that up I'm going to embarrass myself."
"How's that?" Mindy innocently asked.
"If you keep that up, I'm going to get an erection right here in the middle of this examination."
"Good," she replied. "If that should happen, I'll know your prostate is working fine."
Hunter laughed and began to relax. "Well you're getting ready to find that out."
Mindy smiled at him, "Now I'm going to check you for any additional discharge."
With that she put both bare hands on his dick, moved up in her chair until she was less than two feet away and began slowly jacking her hands back and forth on him. She moved her hand closest to the end of his dick and began rubbing her thumb around the head. He began getting hard almost instantly. Mindy was in awe. For that matter, so was I. When erect, she could not close her hands around him. In fact, they wouldn't come within an inch of closing around him.
Surprisingly, he didn't get much longer. He was around seven inches long flaccid and grew to about nine inches; still fairly substantial from my perspective. Mindy moved both hands to the head of his dick and using both thumbs opened him up a little. Lightly and very slowly she rubbed her thumbs over the head of his dick. Suddenly she stopped, turned around and wrote something in her notebook.
"Now stand straight up," she almost ordered. Mindy cupped his balls with both hands and lifted them up and down a few times. He looked as if he were smuggling two racquetballs. She placed her finger to the side of one of his balls and told him to turn his head and cough and then repeated it on the other side. Except for cupping his balls and bouncing them up and down first, it all seemed legitimate.
Mindy scooted back in the chair and reached for a glove. She made a big production of pulling the glove onto her hand making sure he saw everything, but her left hand remained bare. She then reached for the lubricant and the color left Hunter's face. "Turn around, spread your legs and rest your elbows on your desk. We're almost finished."
When Hunter turned away Mindy turned to face the camera, slipped a finger into her pussy and pulled it out to show me how wet she was, as if I didn't already know.
When she stood up behind him she moved in very close, put both hands on his ass cheeks and shoved him forward a little. To make it last as long as possible, she rubbed the lube on his ass and slowly inserted a finger almost as if she were fingering herself. While she had her finger in his ass she reached below him and grabbed his diamond hard dick. "I thought this might help you forget what I'm doing," she said laughingly.
"I'm not sure if you're going to need a sperm sample or not, but if you keep that up, you're going to get one," Hunter said as he laughed back.
"Oh, I see you've developed a sense of humor through all this."
"What else could I do?" He asked.
After playing with his ass an extraordinarily long time compared to what a doctor actually does, she pulled her finger out, took the glove off and pitched it into one of her cases. "Now turn back around Hunter. You can lean back on the desk, but you'll need to wait a minute before getting dressed."
Hunter turned around and leaned his bare ass against his desk. His dick stood straight out and looked as if it were about to bust. Mindy scooted the chair back, stepped close to him and squatted down with one knee on the floor and the other foot on the floor parting her legs. Her dress rose to her waist giving Hunter a perfect view. He had a great view of her shaved pussy and a full view down the front of her dress. She took his dick in both hands and started stroking him. She then leaned forward and took the head of his dick into her mouth licking and sucking for about thirty seconds before she backed up a little. "Oh, by the way Hunter, there is something I almost forgot to tell you. Brad told me to tell you happy birthday."
"Fuck, I should have known that," Hunter said laughing his ass off.
"We're not quite finished," Mindy said smiling up at him. She then went back to giving him a very slow and sensual blowjob. She wasn't able to take even half of him into her mouth, but I suppose that's something he's used to. Five minutes into the blowjob she pushed him back onto his desk with his legs still hanging off the edge. Mindy grabbed a tit in each hand and placed his dick between them rubbing her saliva from his dick all over them for about a minute. She stood up, moved him back on his desk, dropped her dress to the floor and climbed on top of him.
The view on my screen was incredible as she held his dick and slowly buried his head in her very wet pussy. It took several minutes of sliding up and down on him, but eventually she took him all the way in. When she rose pulling him out some, it looked like he was turning her inside out. The sight was incredible and it truly didn't appear possible that his dick would actually fit inside her. It only took about ten minutes for him to cum inside her. Mindy came at the same time, but she rode him until he could no longer move. She finally pulled off of him and let him suck her tits for several minutes. The view I had from the back showed a huge amount of cum running out of her and onto his dick. It seemed to be an endless supply. When Mindy sat up, Hunter began to rise up and she said," I'm not quite finished yet." So he lay back down and watched as Mindy licked their juices from his dick. When he was completely clean she took him back into her mouth and eventually sucked him down to the base, something she couldn't manage when he was hard.
When they stood, Hunter asked, "So where is Brad?"
"He's sitting in your reception area watching this on his laptop. By the way, I'm Mindy, not Wendy."
"He's one lucky, undeserving bastard," Hunter said laughing as he walked outside his office to find me.
The smile on his face when he saw me sitting in the reception room was priceless.
He'd made plans that evening with a young woman he recently met so we couldn't get together. I told him it wasn't a problem, we weren't supposed to arrive until Saturday anyway and that we would join him the next evening. Besides I had another surprise planned for Mindy later that night.
Before we left home I'd called Brian, her favorite shoe salesman in Dallas who I felt sure missed her since our move. The little shoe shop he worked at was in a small strip center so a visit just before closing time would be perfect. He knew before we moved that I was aware of Mindy's little flashing game while shoe shopping, but she had never done anything but flash him. Mindy had been going to his shop for about a year and loved his attention and the fact she could embarrass him. He was now nineteen. I'd only seen Brian from a distance and wouldn't recognize him if I ran into him on the street. I gave him an idea of my plans and told him that I wanted to watch them from the back room if possible. He explained he had the perfect place in his storage room and that the room had a full length two way mirror he thought I would enjoy. The mirror sat on a wall in the back facing a small room where he always took Mindy so they could have a little privacy.
When we left Hunter's office we checked in our hotel, showered, and grabbed something to eat. I then told Mindy she was going to pay a little visit to Brian a little before closing time and that he was expecting her. Her face lit up with a huge smile. "So you want me to do a little more than simply flash him?" she questioned.
"Sure, nothing serious, just play around," I suggested. "Whatever you're comfortable with."
When we arrived at the strip center I explained that I was going to check out the sporting goods shops and she should have fun. What I actually did was enter his shop from the back door and hid in the storage room and pulled up a chair directly behind the two way mirror. Every time he showed her shoes in the past he sat her near the door to the storage room out of sight of anyone who may be passing by outside or could see them when they entered the store. It was the perfect spot.
Mindy entered the shop and Brian gave her a smile and a hug. "I've missed you."
She smiled knowing exactly what he meant.
On our way from dinner to the shop Mindy described a few things she thought she may do with Brian. Primarily she planned on leading him to do exactly what she wanted him to do. I found it a little humorous because Mindy is definitely not the dominate type and has difficulty controlling other people. She thought she could in this situation because of their age difference. I simply told her to take her time and have fun and that she could tell me all about it later.
Brian wore the same thing I'd always seen him wear, khaki pants and a loose fitting shirt. He didn't look much different to me than he usually did from a distance. However, up close he looked like he was twelve and I was glad Mindy knew how old he actually was. One thing I did notice in his short sleeved shirt is that his arms were well defined and it was obvious that he worked out.
Mindy sat in her usual spot except her chair was facing the mirror. Her blue miniskirt with the spaghetti straps didn't leave much to the imagination. Her dress struck her mid thigh and the top looked as if she was smuggling two 45 caliber shells on the top of her tits. Brian brought her out a few pairs of shoes and she immediately began playing with him. She opened her legs a little to give him the perfect view. However, this time Brian didn't try to hide the fact he was looking straight up her dress.
He cupped her calf with one hand while holding the shoe in the other and forced her to move her legs farther apart. The more Mindy moved in the chair, the farther the dress rode up and she never bothered to move it back down. Soon Brian had her legs opened fairly wide and could tell she was wet. He ran his hands up and down her legs without being the least bit shy about it.
When he slid his hand between her legs and grazed her pussy, she moved his hand and said, "If you want to touch me Brian, it won't be with your hands." I think that was part of her, 'I'm in control' attempt.
Brian placed a hand on each of her thighs and opened her legs wide, smiled and then began to lick her from top to bottom and back. Within one minute Mindy had a surprised and very pleasant look on her face. Evidently in his few years experience he'd become quite an expert at what he was doing. Within another minute he put his fingers in her as he continued to lick her clit and she scooted farther down in the chair to give him better access. He pulled his fingers out, stuck one in her ass and his thumb in her pussy while he mounted his relentless pursuit on her clit. Mindy bucked like crazy and climaxed in no time. Brian stood, faced the mirror and smiled at me with his face covered with her juices.
Without giving Mindy much time to recover he grabbed her hands, stood her up, leaned her back against the wall beside the one I stood behind, pinned her hands above her head and began kissing her. The kiss appeared extremely erotic and although she tried to pull her hands down, he held them in place. He then released her hands, dropped her dress to the floor and went back to kissing her slowly working his way down to her very hard and erect nipples. She began reaching for his crotch and he grabbed her hand preventing her from touching him and smiled at her. Brian held her hand and went back to sucking her nipples. Mindy was squirming and moaning and when it appeared she had reached her peak, Brian took her hand and slid it down the front of his pants. Mindy immediately broke the kiss, pulled her hand from his pants, and looked at him with an extremely shocked facial expression, but she didn't immediately say anything.
I assumed that he must be much larger than Hunter based on her facial expression. That wasn't the case.
"Surprise," Brian said. "I'm Brianna, not Brian."
"Oh my god," Mindy said. "I never had any idea."
"Many women like to flash the shoe salesman, but I doubt many would flash the sales girl. That's why I dress like I do. Does it change anything with us? You seemed to be very excited before and I know I have been extremely turned on."
Without waiting for a response, Brianna grabbed Mindy's shoulders, pressed her back up against the wall and began passionately kissing her again. Almost immediately, Mindy's body language changed back to what it was before her discovery. Brianna slid down her front, kissed her tits and began rotating her mouth back and forth between her nipples. Mindy reached her hand down the front of Brianna's pants and it was obvious to me that she was fingering her. Then in an instant he pulled her from the wall and laid her on her back on the carpet with her feet facing the mirror. He lay on top of her and began kissing her again while shoving two fingers in her very wet pussy. She bucked and squirmed like she did when she thought Brianna was a guy.
I wasn't sure what to think other than the fact that I was excited as hell watching this show. Mindy had never done anything like this before and had never expressed any interest in a woman.
Brianna stood and began to undress as Mindy lay on the floor watching the show. Brianna's legs looked great. They were a little muscular and her pussy was completely shaved. When she took off her shirt I saw a tight wrap that evidently held her tits flat. When the wrap was released Mindy and I both were in awe. Her tits were huge, not as big as Mindy's but a definite C cup. Mindy's legs were spread wide and Brianna climbed between them as they lay tits to tits on the floor. Still unable to believe what I had been watching, I was sure Mindy would not do anything Brianna expected, but of course I was wrong. Brianna slid up Mindy's body and hung her tits over Mindy's mouth. Mindy immediately began kissing them and sucking on her large nipples. Brianna slid up Mindy's body and I knew she had in mind Mindy going down on her. Mindy said, "I've never done that before. I doubt I even know how or could do anything you like."
"Just do to me what you would want done to you."
Mindy opened her mouth in anticipation of Brianna's continued move toward her face and before Brianna reached her target Mindy's tongue was sticking out and ready. Brianna slid up and down on Mindy's face for a couple of minutes. I was sure she was about to climax when Mindy grabbed her ass and turned her over on her back. I watched for the next ten minutes while my wife licked her pussy, sucked on her clit and drove three fingers up her bald pussy. Brianna's ass moved a foot off the floor when she climaxed. Mindy sat up, turned to face the mirror and smiled when she saw Brianna's juices all over her face.
"I've got to get out of here," Mindy said as she began dressing. "My husband's been waiting a while. I'd like to do this again sometime."
Mindy began telling me the entire story the minute she got into the car. I didn't have the heart to tell her I watched the whole show.