Part of this issue is that I am getting married. Previously, when I was dating my fiance, then my boyfriend, folks would pop up and tickle my fancy but I never put any real consideration into actually fucking them. It was mostly a game... a game that made me intensely horny but a satisfying game at the end of it all.
Now the thoughts are far from a game- thoughts of meetings and... my imagination has run wild with bathroom run in's at work. Tonight, on the way home, I even thought of how I could potentially convince my fiance to have a three way just so I could finagle a way of getting his dick in my mouth.
The flirting started out as harmless, truly, honestly, i swear. I might have meant some of a little bit-and it used to get shot down. But now...now its being accepted and I'm a little terrified because now I legitimately want to straddle him at the end of my shift and let him explode inside of me.
The relationship I'm in is amazing, so there's no real need for me to be feeling yearning like this, so I believe wholeheartedly this is curiosity. Horny, unrelenting curiosity.
I can't even keep my hands away from myself while I write this.
He's not even my type.
Let me explain-
I am a 5 foot 5-ish brunette with shoulder length hair and the cutest face you'll ever see. I'm a little chubby, but its not inhibiting.
I am cheerful and bubbly, usually using my happiness to spread contagiously to others.
J on the other hand, is an anxious 5 foot 7, maybe 8, thin, muscular white guy. He shaves his head, it looks great on him, but typically I go for someone I don't feel chubby with.
Which brings us to the oddity of the fact that I want to watch his face while I swallow his whole dick and lick his balls at the same time and then feel him explode in my mouth and then continue to suck him until he gets hard again and then ride him until he explodes inside of me.
Why is he so tempting! I still haven't figured this out for myself yet. I have spent the last several hours after work sitting next to him listening to music to drown out my thoughts and debating whether to lean over and see what would happen if I took his tongue into my mouth and ran my hands all over his neck and back, feeling every one of those tense, anxiety ridden muscles.
I told you, see? Curiosity. Horrible, tempting, orgasm bringing curiosity.
So I don't know where this story is going to go. It hasn't got a path.
He made a comment today about how long its been for him, which sent me into a torrential downpour of "what if" and "does it count if..." because really at this point I would let him jerk off into my mouth if it weren't for the temptation of wanting to lick the head of his dick afterwards and watch him swell up again to fill my mouth.
This story is going nowhere fast. I think I've changed the title several times now.
I'm rubbing myself quickly now because maybe if I cum then the yearning will go away.
I am feeling something ridiculous. All of this intense curiosity is even despite the fact that my fiance and I fucked just two days ago. I laid between his legs and sucked his dick until he begged me to either sit on it or let him cum in my mouth, so I sat on it. It was good but my orgasm was stuck. Of course he pushed down on my shoulders and came so deeply inside of me you wouldn't think it would beckon an orgasm out but its stuck.
So perhaps no amount of rubbing is going to unstick it, and it just needs something other dick size and shape to get it out? Rationalizing again here, which is totally twisted I know. I'm sure the explanation of, "sorry, I had an orgasm that was stuck and I let someone new dump three loads of their wonderful warm sticky cum inside of me to get mine out" would not win anybody over.
There's got to be a way to get that dick inside of me six ways to Sunday, I just know it!