Note: This is the first installment of a series of stories. I was originally just going to type it out and post it as one, but it would have ended up to long, so I decided to break it up into parts. This is more of the introduction, so enjoy.
*
School was finally over! Thank God. My best friend (DD) and I were supposed to be going off to enjoy our summer vacation in the Bahamas this year. I couldn't wait. All of that beautiful white sandy beach just waiting for us. It was going to be the best summer vacation ever.
DD was supposed to meet me after school at my place so that we could finish getting ready for our vacation. I'm sure she was just as excited about the whole thing as I was. We had been planning this for a whole three months now, and it was just going to be us girls there. No parents! Ah, this was going to be great.
After I managed to get out of school that day I went straight home. I was to excited to think about anything else. By the time I got there DD had already arrived. Being that she didn't have anything to straighten up before she left the school for the summer, she had beat me to my house. You see, since I was the class president, I had stuff I had to do before I left.
"Hey guys, I'm home! Where you guys at?"
"We're in the kitchen, honey" My mom yelled.
"What are you guys up to?" I asked as I followed my mother's voice into our kitchen.
"Oh, nothing, just getting some dinner ready for you girls while you guys go get ready for your flight tomorrow to the Bahamas. I can't believe you girls are going without me. I feel so left out." My mom pouted.
"Oh mom, you know how long we've wanted to do this. You can come along next time. I promise." I said, as I smiled at her and she smiled back.
Now, don't get me wrong, my mom is not a bad looking woman in her own right, but this was going to be our summer vacation, and nothing was going to get our way.
If you've ever seen my mom, she has nice flowing dark brown hair that reaches to the middle of her back and a decent figure that any thirty year old woman would envy. Which, of course, gets her a lot of stares and even more open mouths when people find out she's a young forty.
As for me, I don't consider myself that bad looking either. At 5' 6", I have the same dark brown, and sometime black in the light, hair the goes to the middle of my back. I have a nice petite figure, with perky 34B cup breasts, and an ass to die for (or so my boy friend tells me).
DD on the other hand is only slightly different. She has a light brown color hair that is sometimes mistaken for dark blonde. She stands about 5' 5", just slightly shorter then me. Other then those two differences though, we're almost the same. Same great ass, same petite frame, and we both wear a 34B cup.
"Well then, hey DD lets go to my room so we can get our last minute things together before dinner." I said.
"What are you making for dinner anyhow mom?" I asked
"Pot roast, rice and some stuffing. Can't send you girls away on an empty stomach now can I?"
"Mom, you're the best." I said as I hugged her before walking out of the kitchen, heading towards my room.
DD followed me into my room and closed the door behind her.
"Are you as excited as I am?" She asked me.
"God yes! I can't wait!" I exclaimed. "It's going to be just us girls, and all that beach!"
"Yeah, and maybe we could do a little skinny dipping while we're there, too." DD winked at me.
"DD! Don't be serious, I couldn't do that. I'd die of embarrassment!" I said.
Did I mention that DD is the crazy one out of us?
"Oh, don't be silly." DD said, smiling. "You'll be fine. Besides, I'll be there with you."
"Well, enough of that. We need to get these things together before dinner is ready so that we can get some rest tonight." I said.
"Always the responsible one." DD sighed. "What am I going to do with you."
"Pay attention, that's what, now come on."
We finished gathering up all our stuff for our departure the next day just in time for dinner.
After dinner was done, we retired again to my room. DD was staying the night, so that my mom could bring us both straight to the airport the next day.
After getting into my room, we both took turns with the shower, and then got settled down for the night. I was wearing my normal sleep wear, cotton boy shorts and a small tank. DD, being that she was DD, chose to wear her (small) sting bikini cotton panties and a thin white cotton wife beater (with no bra!) that went down to just above her pierced belly button.
Once we were settled in for the night (showered, shaved and cleaned), we both settled into my double sized bed to get some sleep. Sharing a bed with DD wasn't that strange. We'd done it before, and besides we were best friends. But that night, I just couldn't get to sleep right away.
I lay there awake that night, right next to DD for awhile, just thinking about the next day and all the things we were going to do once we got to our hotel in the Bahamas. I was excited, scared, and... (dare I say it?) horny! The thought of going to some place that I'd never been to before, by myself, or almost by myself, with all sorts of beautiful bodies and beaches around, had me going.
God, I was getting wet just thinking about it. I wondered if I could get away from the bed without waking DD, but decided I couldn't. I had to do something soon, or I wouldn't get any sleep.
I turned over to look at DD. She looked sound asleep. Her breathe was slow and even, but I couldn't see her face, since she was facing away from me. God, I had to do something to calm the fire that was starting to burn between my legs.
Against my better judgment, my hand slowly crept down towards my panties, sliding beneath the elastic band and going lower till I felt the heat emanating from my pussy against my hand. I was so wet that I could feel that I had soaked the crotch of my panties. What was wrong with me? We hadn't even done anything yet, not even talked about anything risqué, (except for DD talking about skinny dipping) and now here I was wet as hell and hornier then a nympho in a room full of guys.
It seemed my hand now had a mind of its own, as my fingers started to play in the folds of my pussy, while trying to be as quiet as possible.
My other hand crept up to go underneath my tank and play with my nipples. As I did this I had to stifle a gasp, it felt so good.
I hope I don't wake DD, I thought. I was almost beyond caring now, though, as my hand speed up in tight little circles over my engorged clit.
I could hear the squishy sounds now coming up from beneath the covers. God, I thought, please don't let her wake up now. It seemed so loud, but I couldn't have stopped now if I wanted to, and I didn't want to.
Then I felt DD shift beside me on the bed, but she didn't turn over. I listened carefully as my hand slowed down slightly beneath the sheets.
Had her breathing speed up a little or was it just me? She still looked asleep, but again I could see her face. I decided it didn't matter, I was to far gone.
My hand on my pussy speed back up and I started to squeeze and pinch my nipples in earnest. I loved it when someone paid attention to my breasts, especially my nipples, which are extra sensitive.
I remember I almost came once while my boyfriend was just sucking and biting on them one evening when we were fooling around. Since then, I loved to play and pinch them every time I got myself off.
I could feel my climax building and getting closer, as I speed up my hand again, which was now probably just a blur beneath my soaked panties. The sounds of my activities were quite obvious now too, and if DD was awake next to me, for sure she could hear it, but she wasn't moving and I couldn't stop.
The climax hit me hard and suddenly, and as I rode the waves of it as silently as I could, I hoped I didn't wake her up. When I finally came down off of it, I was tired and sated. I could smell my sex in the air, musky and oh so sweat.
Ah, now I could sleep, I thought. I checked DD once more, but she was still laying on her side and facing away from me. She hadn't moved at all. Convinced she was still asleep, I finally turned over myself and went to sleep.
----
The next day I woke up early (around 6) feeling well rested and refreshed. DD was still asleep next to me, although she had rolled over in the night, so now she was facing me. I got out of bed and made my way to the bathroom in the hall to freshen up and get ready before breakfast.
Our flight was a late morning flight, leaving around 11:30, so I wasn't in to big a rush. As I hopped into the shower, I was remembering the night before. Thank goodness DD hadn't woken up. That would have been the most embarrassing thing ever if she would have.
After I finished with my shower, I hurried back over to my room, to get dressed. When I opened the door, DD seemed to have just gotten up.
"Hey DD, the water's still hot, and it's warmed up now if you want to go shower." I said.
"Thanks, I think I will." She said as she got off the bed.
As she walked over to her luggage, I couldn't help but notice that her panties had ridden up nicely in the crack of her ass, showing her smooth cheeks and all that leg. God, she was hot. Maybe that's what guys saw when they look at us, I thought.
As I thought this, she reached back and pulled her panties out of her ass. Even this looked incredibly sexy when she did it and, mind you, I've never considered myself bi-sexual, but how can you not admire something so beautiful.
As I turned away to stop staring and finally start dressing, I heard the door open and close behind me. I quickly got dressed, since I had put my outfit aside the day prior, and proceeded to comb out my hair and put on a subtle amount of make up. I've never been one to over do it on the make up.
By the time I was done with my hair and face, and was dressed and ready for the day, DD had finished with her shower. I was just getting ready to leave my room when she walked in, closed the door behind her, and took her towel off and threw it on the bed as she walked over to her stuff already set up and waiting for her.
As she got to her things, instead of starting to dress, she just stood there and stared at her stuff.
Our clothes for the day were both similar. Since it was summer, and hot at that, we had both chosen to wear light sundresses. Mine of course was a little less revealing than hers. Reaching down to just above my knees, it was a flimsy light blue color with floral designs on it. It had a spaghetti strap top, that hugged my chest just right, not to much, and I wore a strapless baby blue lace push up bra under it, with a matching set of sexy lace undies that only covered half my cheeks and rode low on my hips. What can I say, it made me feel sexy.
As for DD's outfit, well where to begin. Now, I know I said we had similar outfits, because we were both wearing sundresses, but that's about where it ended. Her sundress came down to just above mid-thigh. If she bent over, she would be flashing people if she wasn't careful.
The material was a lighter red, almost a pink color, that was also almost, but not quite, see through up top. Her top was also a spaghetti strap top, and she had set aside a strapless demi-cup bra that was the same color as the dress, with a matching lace thong.
As I watched her standing there staring at her clothes, I couldn't take my eyes off of her. With her back to me, I had a perfect view of that ass with nothing on but what Mother Nature graced her with, and graced her she did. She had a perfect looking pear shaped ass that was firm and high, no blemishes what so ever. If I looked close enough, I think I could see a hint of her nether lips below. If I looked that good from behind, I knew now what my boyfriend was saying.
My eyes slowly travel up her body until I reached her eyes.
Yes, her eyes.
She had been watching me watch her. For how long, I'm not sure, because I'm not even sure how long I had stood there like a little girl in her favorite candy store trying to take everything in.
As I met her eyes, I saw a hint of something in them, as if she was telling me, daring me to look harder at her.
My mouth was dry, and slightly open, like a fish out of water, I didn't know what to do. I couldn't breathe, I keep telling myself to breathe. I had been caught openly staring at my best friend's body, longingly, and I didn't even realize I had been doing it.
What can I say, I've never been bi-sexual, but damn she looked good.
Finally she turned away from me with a smirk on her face.
"So" She said. "I was just thinking. I think I'm going to go commando today."
Huh? I thought. My mind wasn't working very well for some reason. I should say something, not just stand here like an idiot.
"Um, what?" I managed.
God! How stupid did that sound. What am I doing? I'm not some preadolescent boy staring at his first crush. This was my best friend. We'd spent many nights together, hung out at the pool together and even had P.E. together, so why was I now reduced to this. Get it together damn it!
"Commando?" I asked.
"Yeah, you know no underwear." She said as she grinned at me.
With her back facing directly at me, she then proceeded to bend right at the waist and pick up her underwear from her luggage.
I think she held that position for a little longer than necessary, but oh the view it graced me with. Her lips had parted slightly, and I thought I could see a hint of her clit, but by the time I could register all this with my now feeble seeming mind she had stood up again. What the hell was going on with me? I've never been like this. As I thought this, her voice brought me back to reality.
"Besides, I kind of like feeling the air down there while I walk around, and no body but me knows I'm not wear anything underneath. Well, me and you now." She winked at me.
As she said this, she slipped her dress over her head and settled it in place. I wondered if I looked that good in my dress. As she turned back around to face me, my eyes went to her top. I swear I could see her dark colored nipples through her dress. Maybe if I wasn't looking for it I would have missed it, but there it was, staring at me.
"So, what do you think?" She asked.
"Uh, I can see your nipples." I said. She turned to the mirror to look, and squealed in delight.
"Oh, I feel so naughty. Doesn't that look so sexy, though? God, Natasha we're going to get so many looks when we get there. I can't wait." She said excitedly. "Let's go see if your mom has breakfast ready."
As I followed a skipping DD from my room, I couldn't help but stare at her ass in the dress, as the skirt threatened to show more of her hidden treasures to me. If this was how our vacation was going to be I was in trouble already.
And it turned out that my mother had gotten breakfast ready already. Being that it was nearing to 8 o'clock and we had to be at the airport two hours prior to our flight, my mom decided an early breakfast would be good. Well, early for me. I normally didn't eat breakfast.
As we ate my mom look us over, saying that we each look good. If she noticed DD state of under-undress, so to speak, she didn't comment. Once we were done with breakfast and had digested some, we loaded up the minivan and we were ready to go. I was getting more and more excited as the clock ticked by. By 9 o'clock we were on our way to the airport.
----
Once we got to the airport things went by pretty fast. By the time I knew it, we were hugging my mother good bye and getting ready to board the plane. I had requested an aisle seat, so that it would be easier for me to get up if I needed the bathroom. Once we were onboard we found our seats, both aisle seats, in the back center of first class, two seats side by side.
After boarding, we took to our seats. Since we had arrived early and first class customers board first, there was still no one really there. We took our seats and waited for the plane to finish boarding. After the plane finally took off I turned to DD. She was flipping through one of the magazines provided to us from the flight attendant.
"Ah, DD. About earlier, in my, ah, room." I stuttered.
"Hm?" DD said, now looking up at me.
"I said, about, ah, earlier in my room. I, ah, I'm..." I started, but DD interrupted me.
"Look Tash, it's cool, okay? Besides, I think you're pretty hot, too." She grinned as she nudged me with her hand.
I'm sure my relief showed on my face, I was glad that she understood. But all my relief was very short lived, brought right back down by the next thing she said.
"You know, last night, I was having trouble sleeping. What about you?" She asked
My face must have gone ashen right then. I could barely respond.
"Ah, well, yeah kind of." I said quietly
"Yeah, me too. But you didn't have any problems getting over it, now did you?" She said with a big grin on her face.
"You were..." My words cut off, I couldn't complete the sentence.
"You bet I was. Man, I can't believe you did that. You know how hard it was just to stay still and not move and join in with you. You made me so frustrated, and horny I might add!" She exclaimed. "I had to wait till I got in the shower this morning to finish myself off, you naughty girl you."
Oh God, I thought, I'm going to die of embarrassment. How could I not have seen this coming. She had moved, if only slightly, last night. I had heard her breathe quicken. All the signs were there, I was just to stupid to notice it.
DD most have noticed my absolute embarrassment, because she turned to me and placed her right hand on my left knee and said,
"Don't worry about it Tash. Besides, I kind of enjoyed listening to you do it last night. I can't tell you how excited it got me. I was just dieing to join you, but I didn't because I didn't know what you would have thought if I did."
She can't be for real, I thought as I looked into her eyes while she said this. Her hand was still on my knee, seemingly burning a path straight to my sex, which was starting to throb beneath my skirt.
What the hell is wrong with me! Get control of yourself damn it!
After about a minute of silence, she added weakly, "Maybe next time, we can do it together, eh? Could be fun."
I was looking down at her hand on my knee. It hadn't moved yet, but I wished it would. I just didn't know which way I wanted it to move.
Slowly, I raised my eyes to meet hers. She was staring at me. I couldn't tell what she was thinking.
"Um, maybe" I squeaked.
I couldn't believe I'd just said that, but it seemed to satisfy her, and she turned back to her magazine with a smile.
The rest of that flight was really just a blur. I'm not really sure what happened, I just know that it was uneventful. I couldn't quite get my mind around what had just happened. Had I just agreed to masturbate with my best friend?
Surely I was day dreaming or something. I would never do something so outrageous. But there it was, staring at me right in my face. My words kept repeating itself in my head. "Maybe" God only knew what might come out of this.
Nothing else happened until the trip from Houston to the Bahamas.
----
Upon arriving in Houston things went pretty smoothly. I was still pretty preoccupied with my thoughts since the plane trip from home, when DD had dropped the fact that she had been awake that night, it was all I could think about. So, while waiting for our plane to land and finish refueling, I didn't notice when I picked up an admirer. It was not until we were boarding the plane, nearly forty minutes later that I first noticed him.
He was cute, about 20ish, dark hair, rough features that only added to his good looks. His eyes were a dark piercing blue, that seemed as if it could see right to my core. He was about 5'10, with a nice definition to his body that I could see. He was wearing light colored trousers and a nice fitting silk button up short sleeve shirt that was a midnight blue to match his eyes.
As we took to our seats, I noticed him coming toward where we were seated. DD and I had gotten aisle seats again, but this time I was in the aisle seat by the window on the right rear of first class. DD was right next to me on the aisle seat in the middle row. Next to her sat a middle aged business man. He was pretty good looking to, about 6'0, dark blonde hair that was cut short, but stylish. He was in good shape, and built like a retired football player, who had not given up on the gym. I wouldn't have guessed he was middle aged at all if it were not for the slightly graying hair at his temples.
Mr. Good looking came up to our row of seats and stopped and looked down at his ticket, then up at the numbers for the seats. His mouth spread into a grin, straight white teeth staring out at me from that good looking mouth. He looked down at me and his grin turned into an easy going smile.
"Is this seat taken?" He asked pointing to the window seat right next to mine.
He didn't have an accent that I could place and his voice was a nice, not to deep, but oh so soothing voice that I could just curl into and sleep with. He had a confident attitude about him, but he wasn't too cocky. Just right, I thought.
"Um, is this seat taken?" He asked again, his smile showing bright.
I had been staring and I hadn't even noticed. My face turned red.
"Ah, no, no its not" I said, smiling weakly as I got up to move out of his way.
As he took his seat, I looked over at DD. She had noticed our new friend too. She was eyeing him up and down as he scooted into his seat. As I sat back in my seat, I took a peak over at him. He was sorting through some stuff in his bag that he had set next to him.
After I got resettled, Mr. Good looking turned to me and with a smile said, "Names Nicholas, but you can call me Nick. What's your name?"
I looked over at him and smiled back, "Natasha."
"Well Natasha, so what brings you here on a flight to the beautiful Bahamas?" He asked
"Vacation, I've never been there before, but always wanted to go."
"It's very nice place for a vacation." He said. "Maybe I could take you out and show you around when we get there?"
"Um, maybe" I said
"It's a date then" He said, smiling at me. I smiled back at him, not knowing why I had just agreed to his invitation, but not sure I really cared. I liked him for some reason. So what if I didn't know him; that would only make it more fun. If only I knew.
As the flight took off, and we got more comfortable talking with each other, I found out that he was a newly graduated business major, who had struck it big with a fortune 500 company out of New York. He was going on a much need vacation and celebration, he said.
"So, I like what you're wearing today. Very sexy indeed" He said, eyeing me up and down without regard.
My face turned scarlet at his appraisal. I felt proud for some reason that he approved of my outfit. I squirmed in my seat, feeling slightly uncomfortable, but at the same time enjoying the attention.
I looked up into his face, those beautiful blue eyes seeming to stare right into me. His smile held a hint of mischief in it. I smiled back at him, and thanked him.
He placed his hand on my knee closes to him. I looked down at it, not doing anything. It seemed as if I was frozen in place. I couldn't move. I looked back up into his face. He was watching me, watching my reaction. His grin telling me he was enjoying himself.
He picked up my blanket that I had set beside me on my chair. Handing it to me, he said "Drape it over your lap, and recline your chair. Make it look like your sleeping."
I looked at the blanket as if it might have teeth. I was nervous and I didn't know why. Calm yourself Natasha and have a little fun. I took a deep breathe and took the blanket from him and placed it over my lap. His hand was like a hot glove on my knee, sending a shiver through me. I reclined my chair and placed my pillow between the seats to lean my head on and closed my eyes. I felt the hand on my knee slowly draw my legs open. I should stop him, I thought, but I couldn't stop him if I wanted to and I wasn't sure I wanted to.
As my knees drew apart, I had to stifle a whimper. I felt out of control. My pussy was on fire now under my panties. I could feel myself getting wetter by the moment. Slowly, ever so slowly, his hand crawled up my leg, leaving a trail of goose bumps behind on my skin. As his hand got closer to my dripping sex, he started making small circles on the sensitive skin at the top my inner thighs. He did this for a couple of minutes, but it seemed a life time.
By now I was trying hard not to squirm and moan in my seat. I cracked my eyes open to see if we were attracting any attention. For all the world, it seemed as if I was asleep in my seat, Nick holding my hand underneath the blanket. The cabin lights were off, and most of the people looked to be taking the time to rest and relax. No one was paying any attention to the girl and guy in the back seats of first class.
As I closed my eyes again, shutting out the rest of cabin, my world narrowed down to just that small area underneath my dress. His hand was hot on my skin, and I thought for sure I would die if he continued to tease me like this. He had yet to even touch my pussy, and I was dieing. I could feel the tightness in my tummy building, could feel as the pressure of my oncoming release continue to build inside of me.
His hand continued its slow ascent up the inside of my thigh. As he reach the apex of my legs and hip, he switched legs and started down the other, ever so agonizingly slow, never quite touching me where I desperately wanted him to. He worked his way down to my knee and then started back up again. I couldn't stand it anymore, I had to have him touch me now!
"Please!" I whispered
"Please what?" He asked quietly. I could almost hear the smile on his face as he said that.
"Please, stop teasing me. I need to cum, please!"
"Really? I don't think you need to cum yet. You don't sound like you need it much to me. Maybe I'll just continue to tease you until I feel like letting you cum. Yeah, that sounds good to me."
As he said this, he continued his teasing underneath my dress, playing with my inner thighs, just brushing his fingers along the edges of my panties. He was driving me crazy. God, I needed to cum!
I heard him lean over to me and whisper in my ear. "I can feel your soaked panties on underneath your little dress, you naughty girl. Now don't talk, just listen. Do you like what I'm doing to you right now? Do you want to cum yet? I know you want to. I know you can't stand the teasing much longer. I want you to get up from your chair and go to the bathroom. When you get to the bathroom, I want you to take off your panties and your bra. Put your bra in your purse, but not your panties. You know what you're going to do with them? I want you to take your panties, and stuff them in your sopping wet pussy. If you don't then I'll know when you get back. I don't want you to make yourself cum while you're in there. If you want, you can touch yourself, but no cumming. Do you understand? If you do, just nod your head."
I whimpered. My mind was racing with what he had just told me. Could I do this? God, I needed some release, and he was teasing me more! I was nodding my head before I realized what I was doing.
"Good, then get going before someone goes into the lavatory. Remember; no cumming while your in there."
I just nodded again as he removed his hand from beneath my blanket. As I pushed the blanket aside so I could get up and go to the bathroom, I looked down and noticed that my dress had been pushed up around my waist, giving a nice view of my panties to anyone looking at that moment. My nipples were also hard as rocks, hard enough to show through my bra and dress. As my eyes came up, they meet his eyes. He had been looking, and the look on his face at that moment was one of lust. The grin that came to his face as we looked at each other sent another shiver through me as I started to get up and push my dress back in place.
I made it to the bathroom (or lavatory as they call it on airplanes) with a little effort. For some reason my legs weren't working as well as I remembered they could. Funny how that happens sometimes. As I opened the little door and squeezed inside, I closed it behind me, locked the latch and sat down on the toilet seat after I put the lid down. What was I doing? I had to sit for a second and gather myself. God, I was horny as hell right now. Did I dare touch myself and get some release before I went back out there? Oh man, I really wanted to. Just gather yourself Natasha, you can do this.
I got up off the toilet seat and slide the straps of my dress off my shoulders and let it drop to the floor around me. Next, I removed my bra and folded it neatly and placed it in my purse. Last, I slide my soaked panties over my hips and down my legs and off. I picked them up off the floor along with my dress and stood back up to look at myself. I was standing naked in an airplane lavatory, horny as hell, and desperately needing release. My nipples were hard as hell, and without the bra that would show even more. My areolas were puffy and a deep blush had spread across my upper chest. My upper legs were damp from my excitement, and I could feel my juices starting to run down my thighs. God, this was crazy.
Standing there looking at myself, I ran my hands over my body sending goose bumps across my skin. As my hands traveled down the slopes of my breasts over my nipples I pinched them slightly, shivering.
I let my hands move slowly down over my stomach till they reached my wet pussy. I lingered there with my fingers, playing slow circles around my clit, moaning. I continued to tease myself till I was just about to cum, then stopped and looked at myself again in the mirror. My skin was starting to glisten a little with sweat and the blush across my chest had deepened some. I feeling a little of control and horny, but I didn't want to cum. I had to control myself a little better and get back.
Slowly, I raised my right leg and placed it on the toilet seat cover, spreading myself with the fingers of my left hand. Bracing my back against the wall, I took my panties and placed them at the entrance to my pussy. God, this made me feel like a slut. Slowly, I started pushing my panties into myself, feeling the roughness of the lace as I pressed it into me. When I had pushed all of my panties into my cunt, I slowly lowered my leg to the floor, feeling the fullness of having something stuffed into me.
I did a quick circle in the confined space of the lavatory just to see how it felt. I could feel the panties inside me rubbing against my pussy's inner walls. It felt insane, like someone was caressing my insides as I walked around. It sent a shiver through me. Could I actually do this? Could I actually walk out of here like this, with my panties stuffed inside me like a whore, no undies on under my short dress, and horny as hell?
Finally, I pulled my dress back on and over my head, than looked at myself one last time to make sure every thing was in place. My nipples were tenting the front of my dress, but other then that I looked as I had when I walked to the bathroom. It was time to return to my seat.
As I took a deep breath to gather myself one more time before I went back out, there was a loud knock on the door. I nearly screamed. The knock caught me so off guard, it made me jump, causing things lower in my body to clench at the same time drawing a whimper from me. So much for gathering myself.
"I'll be right out!" I said.
I unlatched the door and opened it. I was about to step out when DD stepped in and closed it behind her.
"What are you doing in here?" She demanded with a grin on her face. She eyed me up and down, taking in my blush and my erect nipples. "My, my, aren't we just a picture of excitement! Where'd your bra go, huh? Getting ready for something?"
I blushed deeper at her comments. "No! I'm not doing anything wrong." I protested.
"Indeed." She replied. "So, what's going on with Mr. Good Looking? I saw him leaning over to you and whispering in your ear. You guys planning on doing something you're not suppose to be doing, something nasty?" She winked at me.
"No! Of course not!"
"Ah ha, I believe that. Well, you better get back to your seat then, before he gets bored and decides not to wait for you." She winked. "Don't worry, I won't tell Freddy." She grinned.
"You are horrible, you know that?"
She just winked again at me as I opened the door and stepped out of the lavatory. As I turned around to walk back down the aisle to my seat, the stewardess gave me a knowing look and then looked at the lavatory I had just stepped out of and laughed to herself. I blushed. Great, now the airplane staff would think I was trying to become part of the 'mile high club'. Then again, maybe I was.
I shook my head and started toward my seat. Unfortunately, I had forgotten about the panties in my pussy, but just walking brought my attention right back to the fact that it was stuffed in there. By the time I reached my seat, I was extremely aroused again. I could feel some of my juices running down my inner thigh...