A few hours later Tiffany began to stir, she opened her eyes groggily as she tried to get her bearings. There was enough moonlight coming in through the windows that as her eyes adjusted she was able to make out her dimly lit surrounds. Her cheek was pressed gently against Keiths chest, his soft brown hairs occasionally tickling her nose. Tiffany smiled to herself as she listened to his heart beating steadily in time with the rise and fall of his chest.
She ran her hand across his toned body sliding it over his hip before coming into contact with his soft penis. She wrapped her hand around it marvelling at its size and girth even while flaccid. She experimented, rubbing it between her fingers and bending it back and forth. Her hand slid down and cupped his soft balls feeling them slipping between her fingers. Sliding her hand back to his shaft she found that her affections were beginning to get results. He was semi erect and as she began to slide her fingers up and down his length she could feel him stiffening further. Pretty soon she had all 8 inches running through her fingers.
Tiffany smiled to herself. 'I think it might be time to ride a Cowboy!'
Silently she slid back the covers and stared at Keiths throbbing erection. She glanced at his face, still blissfully sleeping. Tiffany slowly raised her body up until she was on her knees. She lifted her leg over him and brought her weight down so that she was straddling his thighs. She shuffled forward, grasping his cock, she began to rub the head against her bald slit. It slid freely, becoming instantly slick with her juices. Keith stirred in his sleep but did not wake. Pressing her weight forwards Tiffany began to slowly impale herself on his throbbing rod. It inched in slowly and Tiffany opened her mouth in a silent gasp as she was once again stretched to her limits.
'Aah sooo thick!' she gasped to herself. She slid further and further until she felt her clit rub against his pubic bone.
'Fuck me!' she exclaimed quietly. She lent back resting her hands behind herself.
In that moment she was the picture of perfection, her blonde hair hung down her back as her head pointed at the roof in a silent gasp. Her small pert breasts were bathed in the blue moonlight, rigid nipples dark against her light skin. Her toned body was unparalleled in its beauty.
Then overcome with lust, her lithe young body went to work. She worked her hips up away from him then slid back down taking him deep. Tiffany continued these slow measured movements, all the while watching Keiths face for any sort of response. He stirred and muttered something but stayed asleep. Tiffany lent forward so that she was resting her hands on his chest. She started to increase her tempo, then suddenly she heard a sigh come from across the room. She ground to a halt and her head whipping around to look at the other bed. No more than a few metres away, fast asleep, were Shane and Sally. Tiffany just stared in shock. Slowly she turned and looked over her shoulder. It appeared the other bed was occupied by Terry who also appeared to be asleep. Tiffany sat there frozen like a deer in headlights. Her heart was racing and her conscience was yelling at her to abandon this adventure and slink back to bed. But then there was another voice in the back of her head that told her, 'This might be the only chance you get to ride this cock. Besides how good does it feel?'
'So fucking good!' she thought.
'They're all asleep anyway,' said the voice. 'Besides, doesn't it make it so much more exciting having them all there.' Just thinking about her oblivious audience made Tiffanys snatch clench sending a flood of juices down to Keiths balls.
'I'll just be extra quiet.' She decided.
'Besides I'll just have one quick orgasm and I'll hop off before anyone is the wiser.'
Tiffany lent forward and drew the sheets up over her shoulders. With her face almost touching Keiths, she placed her hands on his shoulders and began to ride him slowly. She slid back and forth like this for a couple of minutes before she became frustrated. She could only manage a few inches of travel and the soft rubbing of her clit on his pelvic bone was just enough to build her arousal but still deny her, her much sort after orgasm.
Tiffany cast back the sheet from her shoulders and lifted herself from his chest. She brought her hips up to the tip of his cock, then let her weight drive them back down impaling herself to the hilt. 'Aaah.' She let out a long sigh. Looking around to check no one was awake she smiled to herself and began to pick up her tempo filling the room with the quiet slaps of her thighs against his hips. She felt him start to press back humping his hips and glanced down at his face as his eyes snapped open. He wore a look of astonishment for a second before he registered what was happening. Smiling he brought his arms to her waist and began to pump back at her in earnest. The slapping of her thighs grew louder but Tiffany didn't care any more. She was desperate to cum and could feel herself on the verge of a big climax.
Then it hit her.
She arched her back, her pussy constricted tight around his thick shaft as it pistoned in and out of her. Her back arched further, her mouth wide open as she tried to contain a scream. As the climax finished, she snapped forward, crumpling against his chest.
Tiffany let out a loud grunt, the remnants of her suppressed scream. She gasped and panted as he continued to penetrate her tight snatch. Already she could feel herself building towards another orgasm. She lifted herself back up and began to return his steady pace with her hips. Out of the corner of her eye she caught a movement and looking across in panic she saw two sets of eyes staring back from the darkness. There was no where to hide, she was completely on display, bathed in the moonlight. Before she could even think what to do she was hit with another orgasm, more intense than the last. Her back arched again forcing her perky breasts up against gravity, her hands clawed into fists against his chest and her mouth opened wide letting out a stifled yelp of enjoyment.
'Eeeaaawwwhh.'
Before she could even recover she was pushed right back over the edge by the thought of being on display and getting fucked with a front row audience. Her pussy gripped him tighter as her juices flooded down to stain the sheets, her mouth opened wide in a silent 'oh' as her toes curled and uncurled.
As she finally came back down from her orgasm Tiffany lent forward catching her breath for a few seconds. Kieth was still pumping her with a steady rhythm and she thought to herself 'Damn, this man has stamina.'
After a few more seconds she glanced across quickly at her audience. Both sets of eyes were still fixed squarely on her, though she noticed that there were clearly hands making some rapid movements under the sheets. She grinned slyly to herself 'looks like I'm not the only one enjoying the show,' she thought. 'Might as well make it a good one.'
With that she pushed herself back up, pressing down on Keiths hips to slow his movements. Tiffany pushed her chest out. Grasping his hands she guided them quickly to her erect nipples. His hands went to work stroking and fondling them as Tiffany began to bounce slowly up and down on his cock. He plucked at her nipples gently and she let out a long low moan, grinding her clit against him.
'No point in being quiet now,' she figured. She increased her tempo feeling his shaft fill her needy hole over and over. She heard a small moan come from the bed beside her and an idea took her fancy.
Slowing her motions, she drew herself up and away from him until finally he slid free of her. He gasped and she moaned unhappily. She continued on though until she was standing over him. Tiffany turned around, facing the others for a second giving them a glimpse of her perfect frame and the engorged lips of her pussy. Facing away from Keith she began to squat slowly down onto his cock. Her legs were spread wide as she slowly came into contact with the bulbous head of his penis. She pressed down, but her pussy resisted, her muscles drawn even tighter by her squatting stance. Tiffany pulsed her hips up and down a few times until she could feel herself being split open as his thick dick invaded her wet passage.
'Mmmhh.' She sighed as she sank lower.
Finally she bottomed out feeling her wet lips suction against his groin.
As she began to slowly slide back up, driving with her legs, she looked forward and froze mid stroke. She had forgotten about Terry. He was lying in his bed against the wall only a couple of metres away. His head was directly in line with her, his eyes were wide taking in the naked beauty before him. With her legs spread wide he could see every minute detail of her perfectly shaven twat, the wet lips of her labia spreading around Keiths cock, the tip of her engorged clit peaking from under its hood. He could see her soft breasts, her beautiful big eyes framed by a tassel of messed up long blonde hair.
Tiffanys eyes snapped shut and she sank back down Keiths shaft. She put a hand behind herself to stop from falling as a small orgasm pulsed through her. Opening her eyes again she saw that Terry was clearly pumping himself under the covers.
Smiling to herself she thought 'well I guess the rest of us are getting some, he might as well enjoy the show.' Straightening, Tiffany began to draw herself up the length of Keiths shaft. She paused with just the tip remaining before releasing her muscles and letting gravity drive her down the full length of Keiths engorged member. She let out a girlish 'Ooh,' as she reached the bottom. It was high pitched and came out more as a squeal. As she drew back up his length she decided to take her teasing even further making eye contact with Terry she began to fondle her breasts tugging at them while sensually biting her lip.
She impaled herself again, letting out another squeal, louder this time. Tiffany picked up her pace feeling his full length slide out of her love tunnel before plowing it back home. The head of his cock found its mark, striking against the back wall of her vagina. Her squeals were getting louder and as her pace increased they all began to blur together.
She could hear louder moans and frantic movements coming from the bed next to her and as she looked back up at Terry she saw his face contort as he sprayed the inside of his sheets with his hot, wet cum.
Tiffany felt another small orgasm pulse through her body and let out a loud moan.
'Ooooh!' The muscles in Tiffanys legs were starting to burn and she knew she'd drawn this out long enough. Now she wanted the big one. She dropped forward onto her knees and lent forward so that she was on all fours. Grasping his legs with her hands she spread herself wide and began to frantically hump his cock.
All Keith could do at this point was lay back and marvel at his good fortune as he stared at her perfectly round arse and dripping wet pussy sliding the length of his cock. Tiffany picked up her pace further and her pussy became a blur. She began to grunt and moan, her earlier theatrics forgotten. She felt her orgasm growing closer. Then Keith gasped 'Fuck I'm going to come!' She felt his cock stiffen and let out a desperate yelp as she slammed down hard driving him deeper than he'd ever been.
He erupted!
The feeling of his cum erupting deep inside pushed her over the edge.
Tiffany screamed at the top of her lungs throwing her head back, her hands gripped Keiths legs tighter, digging into his skin. He didn't notice as he unleashed rope after rope of cum inside her. Each pulse sent a shock wave through her body, starting in her snatch and radiating up her spine. Tiffanys eyes rolled back in her head and her mouth opened and closed in a soundless scream. She was so locked in her orgasmic bliss she barely heard Sally scream 'Oh my fucking God!' as her snatch tensed around Shane's fingers, or Shane's groan as he unloaded all over Sally's leg.
As Tiffany slowly came back to earth she could feel the small aftershocks pulsing through her body, along with Keiths heavy breathing behind her. She lay there panting for another thirty seconds trying to catch her breath. Suddenly she became aware that she was still exposed to everyone else in the room.
Tiffany was overcome with a sudden shyness as she reflected on what had just happened. She slowly raised her hips until Keith slid free with a wet 'pop.' They both groaned at the sensation and Tiffany grabbed the sheets drawing them up over them both. She snuggled into him smiling bashfully as they both slowly drifted into a peaceful sleep. Realising that the show was over the others gradually followed suit.
When Tiffany next awoke it was dawn and the sun was starting to rise. She was still snuggled against Keith, her legs wrapped around him. Slowly she untangled herself and looked around. The others were all still asleep. Silently she slid out of bed and slipped her clothes on. Grabbing a pen and sheet of paper off the bedside table she paused unsure what to write. She screwed up her face, lost in indecision before writing
'Thanks Keith, for an amazing night. Call me. Tiffany xx.' She added her number at the bottom and then returned it to the bedside table. Creeping around the bed she gently shook Sally awake. Sally started awake and opened her mouth. Tiffany clamped a hand across it, gesturing for Sally to be quiet. Getting the message Sally silently dressed. Tiffany lent over and gave Keith one last goodbye kiss before the two of them quietly exited the demountable.
Keith grinned to himself as he watched Tiffanys denim clad arse slip out the door. There was no way he was done with that wild little thing. He'd be seeing her again for sure.
As the car drove slowly out of Flanders Range Sally finally exclaimed, 'So now can we talk about last night!'
'What do you mean?' asked Tiffany, focusing on the road with a wry smile plastered across her face.
'I mean when you suddenly turned into some kind of sex God crossed with a porn star!' Shaking her head, she paused to look out the window for a moment before continuing. 'You know it's the shy ones you have to watch out for. There you are all prim and proper, next thing you're screaming like a banshee!'
'Alright, alright settle down. It was a one time thing okay. I think it's probably best if we just never talk about it again.'
'Oh you think that's best do you? Well thats fine by me.' Replied Sally settling into a disgruntled silence.
Tiffany reached over and slowly turned the radio up as the two girls left Flanders Range and their little adventure behind them.