The first time I met Rose was in the produce section of our local Gelson's store. She was buying a couple of honeydew melons. Which is ironic, really. Because I'd love to be able to say that what first struck me about Rose was her lustrous straight auburn hair, cut in a stylish page-boy down to her shoulders. Or her emerald eyes, which sparkled with mischief. Or the freckles which covered her face. But actually what first struck me were her simply huge breasts. She was wearing a silk shirt, unbuttoned to reveal her cleavage. I mean, I have always been proud of my own C cup boobs, but they were like bumps compared to Rose's. So as she delicately fingered the ends of the store's melons to see if they were ripe, I couldn't help imagining my own fingers delicately probing her lovely breasts, feeling her nipples slowly stiffen at my touch.
Because yes, I do like to watch, but I also love to play. And I swing both ways, with girls as well as boys.
We fell into conversation. Words always came easily to Rose; I believe I pretended to need her guidance on how to pick out a ripe honeydew, which gave me the time to look over the rest of her physique and her wardrobe while she told me. She had slim hips, clad in high-waisted satin harem pants. And she was wearing some kind of platform sandals, to give her a little more height, because her huge boobs somehow made her appear shorter than she actually was, I guess.
I thought she was lovely, and we chatted for quite a while before exchanging phone numbers and promising to get in touch.
I let two long days elapse before I called her. I was renting a spacious villa in Santa Monica at the time, with a pool and hot-tub, and I invited Rose over for a swim and drinks by the pool. Even by Californian standards the Summer was hot, and I was wearing a micro bikini when I opened my big oaken front-door to her the following weekend. Rose said she wouldn't swim, but would love a drink. There was a three-person canopied sun-bed on the terrace by the pool, heaped with cushions, and that's where we sat, sipping the ice-cold champagne that I had brought out from the house.
As we watched the sun slipping into the ocean like an angry blood-orange, Rose told me a little about herself. She lived with her younger brothers, who were twins, and had just turned 19. She did some modeling, and had - briefly - turned some tricks for the camera in a couple of porn films. She had nothing against that line of work - she readily confessed to being something of an exhibitionist - but had left the industry because of the way women were treated. There was no respect, she said. Male members of the production crew would routinely refer to the female actors as sluts or whores.
I think it was then that I told her that I liked to watch people fuck. I mean, watching porn is OK, but most professional porn leaves me a little cold. All that overdone panting and moaning, and contrived dirty talk ... I like to see a woman really lose control as her pussy is relentlessly pounded or her clit expertly tongued. Real people, real orgasms, real breathlessness ...
"So you're a voyeur" Rose breathed.
Our conversation served only to heighten my desire for her. Every voyeur needs their exhibitionist, and Rose seemed simply delicious.
After I saw her to the door that first evening, I went back to sit out on the terrace by the pool, and gazed up at the moon. Maybe it was the champagne, maybe it was our talk about porn, but as I lay there reveling in the deepening cool of the night, I started to daydream. I imagined Rose's enormous breasts tumbling out of her silk blouse and into my hungry mouth. I could feel my lips closing around her swelling nipples and my tongue swirling about each erect little nub. First one, then the other, my head bobbing from side to side. My fingers started to explore the dampening cleft between my thighs. At first through my bikini, my fingers started rubbing my swelling clit. And then I could stand it no longer and I was pushing my hand under the elastic of my bikini and brushing against my electric pubic hair with my fingers. Soon I wriggled out of my bikini altogether and lay back on the sun-bed, my legs spread open to the sky. It felt good, wanton somehow, to be exposing my soaking wet pussy to the balmy warm night. I worked two fingers up into myself just to get them wet, and then circled them softly over my pearl-hard clit, imagining Rose's huge breasts swinging above me, seeing her mischievous eyes sparkle as she watched me masturbate. I came with a muffled moan.
I was now more determined than ever to get Rose into bed, or at least take her up on that vague - barely hinted at - offer of some kind of a show ...
A full week was to pass before we were able to get together again. I phoned mid-week, but a gruff male voice told me that she was out of town. I assumed it was one of her brothers. I HOPED it was one of her brothers. When I finally did get hold of her it was the weekend, and she told me that she had been in New Mexico for a modeling assignment.
"Well - can you come round this evening?" I asked, hardly daring to hope that she would be free. But to my delight she said she'd love to, and this time SHE would bring the champagne.
When I opened the door for her, I was wearing a little black dress, a single gold pendant nestled between my boobs. Rose was wearing a deep green silk shirt, which matched her eyes, and pants of a lighter green, cut the way all her pants seemed to be cut, loose, and falling straight to the floor from her slender hips.
As I opened the fizz she had brought, Rose told me all about the shoot she had been on in New Mexico. Apparently one of the photographer's assistants - male - had tried to come on to her, and had got drunk in the hotel bar and made a bit of a scene when she pushed him away. Rose was good with words and always made me laugh with her colorful stories. I was an attentive listener.
The villa I was renting had a video projection room and there was a movie I had always wanted to see available on Netflix. I asked Rose if she was up for a French film.
"As long as it has subtitles, sweetie" she said.
So I scrolled through my favorites until its title appeared: 'Blue is the warmest color'.
We snuggled down onto the leather love-seat and began to watch. The movie follows the relationship between two girls, from its shy blossoming to its stormy end - with some pretty explicit scenes of lesbian sex in between. As the film unfolded, I found myself looking at Rose almost as much as at the screen, watching her parted lips and uneven breathing during the sex scenes, feeling her heart racing in time with the action. She was engrossed, and we hardly spoke.
At the end she turned to me and said:
"You really DO like to watch, don't you?"
I smiled, and asked her if she'd like to look at some more. I had carefully selected some porn clips that I had hoped we would watch together - clips featuring real people enjoying each other's bodies, enjoying bringing each other to shared climaxes.
To my delight, Rose silently nodded and gave me a broad grin.
The first clip I played featured a middle-aged couple fooling around together on a sofa. It was all shot from a static camera, so it was like we were actually there: voyeurs, silent witnesses to their lovemaking. The woman was making all the first moves, which I found really turned me on. The couple were clothed to begin with, and as they kissed, their tongues visibly entwined, the woman reached down and fondled the man's bulging pants. He pulled off her T-shirt, and started to kiss her nipples as she unzipped his fly and prised out his swollen cock.
They were soon both completely naked, and fondling each other, face on to the camera. His hand was massaging her glistening open cunt, as her hand was gliding up and down his glistening hard shaft.
"Which turns you on more?" asked Rose, not taking her eyes off the screen, "her breasts or her pussy?"
"I'd have to say, her breasts" I replied. "I mean I like the taste of pussy, but I LOVE the way a nipple stiffens in my mouth when I suck it."
"So which turns you on more to watch, breasts or cock? "
"Now THAT is a much more difficult question" I said, and watched his hands squeezing her breasts on the screen. And then turned my attention toward her fingers swirling sensuously over the angry swollen head of his rock hard cock.
"You know, I believe I am actually more aroused by his cock" I replied, and I think my answer was a surprise even to me.
Rose smiled.
We watched several more clips after that, and discussed how each one was making us feel. But - to my disappointment - all the action stayed on the screen, and not on our love-seat. I could see that Rose was getting turned on, but I was too shy to make the first move. There was too much at stake to risk a refusal.
So I was delighted when she called me the next day to ask if she could come over the following weekend. Just as she was hanging up - almost as an afterthought - she said:
"OK if I bring the twins?"
"Of course" I replied.
I was intrigued, and spent the longest week of my life waiting for Saturday to come around.
It was -- of course -- sunny when Rose and her brothers showed up at the villa, clutching pool towels and another bottle of bubbly. Finally, I thought, when I saw the towels, I'm going to see Rose in a swimsuit. But there, I was disappointed: the towels were for the boys; Rose said she didn't swim and didn't like the water ...
Rose and I watched the twins - Mark and Chris - splashing and swimming in the pool as we sipped our ice-cold champagne. Her brothers were well-built, with tanned, lithe bodies topped by identical mops of blonde hair. Rose told me that Chris had a tiny birth-mark, and Mark did not, but I couldn't tell them apart.
I felt an easy sense of intimacy with Rose, and a growing sense of anticipation.
I brought some little nibbles out to eat, and Rose and I were sitting on some wrought-iron chairs at a table in the shade, watching the twins race each other in the pool, when she turned to me, laid her hand upon my thigh, and asked if I was ready to watch a little show she had prepared. I caught my breath, and nodded.
"Stand up," she said, "I need to move your chair."
She turned the chair to face the three-person sun-bed, which, with its white canopy, formed a perfect little stage.
"Sit down" she said, "I don't want you to move from here." She called the twins over.
While they toweled themselves dry, Rose fished some things out of a little bag she had brought with her.
"It's going to take a little time to get ready," she said, "so Mark is going to blindfold you."
He was very gentle, and made sure that the black silk scarf he tied around my head was not too tight.
"And now I'm going to attach you to the chair," he said, "Rose doesn't want you to move during the show."
He took my arms and manacled my wrists to each other behind the chair, and then to the chair itself. The manacles were sturdy, but covered in some kind of fluffy imitation fur, so that they were comfortable. And then I felt him touching my ankle, and attaching that to the chair leg.
"And now the other one." he said, as he pushed my legs apart and fastened my other ankle.
I heard him walk away.
There was whispering from the sun-bed, and Rose giggled.
I waited.
And then I felt hands untying the scarf behind my head. Mark (or was it Chris?) told me to keep my eyes closed until Rose told me I could open them. I promised that I would and he removed the blindfold.
He walked away, and a minute later Rose softly trilled that I could open my eyes.
She was half lying, half sitting on the sun-bed, with cushions piled behind her back. The twins were kneeling, one on each side of her. They had changed out of their wet swim suits and were now each wearing identical silk boxer shorts. And they were taking it in turns to lean down and kiss their sister. Not sweet sibling pecks on the cheek, but deep, passionate tongue kisses. And as they kissed, they took turns to fondle her breasts. They started to unbutton her shirt, taking turns on that too, one button each, until her shirt was open to the waist, and her boobs were able to swing free. Then the twin on her right started sucking a nipple.
"Oh Chris!" Rose moaned.
Her boobs were as sensational as I had imagined - firm, creamy handfuls, each tipped with a wide rosy areola and crowned with a dark erect nipple.
Mark, judging from the bulge in his boxers, was clearly getting turned on. As, of course, was I.
"Strip!" said Rose.
And each twin obediently undressed. Slowly, sensuously, making it a strip-tease. As soon as Marks's cock bobbed into view, Chris got down on all fours and transferred his mouth from Rose's nipple to his brother's stiffening rod, taking the head deep into his throat, as Mark's mouth closed hungrily over his sister's breast.
"Oh, Mark!" moaned Rose, as he swirled his tongue over the tip of her nipple, mirroring Chris's practiced tonguing of his cock.
My legs shackled apart facing them, I could feel a familiar tingling warmth spreading up from my groin.
Now each twin was kneeling either side of Rose, taking turns to lean down and kiss her, or suck a nipple, as she smoothed precum over the tip of each of their cocks and gently started stroking them.
I could feel myself kegeling as I watched, and my breath started getting shorter.
Rose leaned to her right and took Chris's cock into her mouth, pulling it into her as deep as she could; Mark turned and lay in her lap, reaching up both hands to take her breast into his mouth and she suckled him like a baby. As she was deep-throating Chris, saliva dribbled down her chin: Rose took some on her fingers, leaned down and smeared it over the tip of Mark's swollen hard-on.
The twins' cocks were not the only things getting swollen. I could feel my clitoris getting pearl-hard under my bikini as I watched.
"Turn over Mark," said Rose, "we don't want you cumming yet!"
So her brother turned over in her lap, thrusting his hard cock against her pants, and presenting his pale butt to her upraised hand.
THWACK!!
The noise of Rose's hand swinging through the air and connecting with Mark's upturned butt reverberated around the pool. I was fascinated to see the imprint of her hand slowly blossom in pink on his pale butt cheek.
"Chris," said Rose, "The lube ..." and she held out her hand. Chris passed her a small tube, and Rose - after raining two more hearty slaps onto Mark's up-turned buttocks - applied the tube directly to his ass-hole and squeezed a goodly quantity of lube straight into his ass. She smoothed it in with a couple of fingers, then told Mark to kneel next to her and play with his cock for her.
The boys' cocks were pale and thick, tipped with a light mauve helmet, and rising ramrod straight from a bush of auburn pubic hair. They were identical, they were beautiful and I wanted to taste them.
Now it was Chris's turn to get spanked and lubed, and soon he too was kneeling next to his sister, pumping his enormous dick.
"Stop that now, boys," said Rose "and put your hands behind your backs."
They stopped masturbating, and obediently clasped their hands behind their buttocks, as Rose slowly eased a slippery finger up each twin's ass.
She fixed me with an impish grin, and started to push her fingers in and out of her brothers' lubed ass-holes. And then she held her hands motionless beneath their butts, and started wiggling her fingers in a come-hither motion, massaging their prostates.
Each twin was hunkered down on his haunches, impaled on one of Rose's fingers, his thick hard-on bobbing in front of him, his whole body straining to empty through his cock. Mark reached out a hand to caress Rose's breasts, then Chris reached down and took a nipple between his fingers, so that the three of them were locked in a triangle of lust and longing, Rose's breath coming in shorter and shorter gasps as the twins' fingers squeezed and fondled the sensitive tips of her swollen nipples.
I could feel my pussy starting to flood, my cunt muscles clenching and unclenching in time to the rippling movement of Rose's fingers in her brothers' ass-holes, to the swirling of the twins' fingers around the tips of those magnificent breasts.
Rose's eyes locked onto mine as her brothers rode her fingers, our gaze like a secret tunnel between us. My mouth was dry, my breath uneven, and I finally pulled my gaze away from Rose's eyes, to be mesmerized by the twins' bobbing, throbbing cocks.
Never had I more wanted to touch myself. In vain I tried to move my arms from behind the chair. My whole body was tingling, urging the twins on to their orgasms, my hips involuntarily thrusting ...
Naked from the waist up, Rose was propped up against the cushions, her voluptuous breasts jiggling as her fingers continued their relentless massage. She looked like an Indian goddess, the twins her naked acolytes, trapped like finger-puppets on her upturned hands.
Suddenly Chris let out a strangled gasp and a jet of cum erupted from his cock, covering his sister's naked breasts and belly with spurt after spurt of thick cream. Mark exploded just seconds later, his orgasm coursing through him in juddering spasms.
Rose lay back, and gently eased her lubed fingers out of her brothers' bodies. Her breasts and her belly were covered in cum; some had even jetted onto her face.
"Lick me clean, boys!" she said, and the twins eagerly set to.
Rose shot me a look of mingled triumph and longing, and handed Chris a small key.
"Unshackle our voyeur" she said, "she can help clean me up."
Chris approached me, his cock now limp but still a bit tumescent. He eyed me appreciatively, as if considering how best to take advantage of my helplessness. He bent down and unhooked my bikini top, then stood behind me and started to fondle my breasts. He unlocked the manacles on my wrists, then came round to stand in front of me. We both looked down at his hardening cock. I love to watch a cock grow hard like that, thicken and arc skyward, defying gravity with the pulse of lust. Without a word, I took his inflamed helmet into my mouth and ran my tongue around the rim, tasting the salty remnants of his cum as I gently squeezed his balls.
"Bring her here!" At Rose's command, Chris quickly extricated his rod from my mouth and bent down to unfasten my shackles, then helped me walk the short distance up to the sun-bed.
Rose smiled broadly up at me, her eyes shining:
"Sit on my face," she said, "I want to eat you out."
I needed no second bidding: my cunt was aching, and I quickly straddled her hungry mouth.
Rose began by thrusting her wide tongue deep into my open wet pussy, tasting my juices, pushing the walls of my cunt apart as she probed ever deeper. I ground my hips down onto her, wantonly moving my groin back and forth over her mouth. I could feel my juices flowing into her. But I wanted her to move from my pussy to my clit, which had swollen harder than a lemon pip, and was crying out for some gentle attention.
I needn't have worried. Rose was an expert. She let her tongue travel up the length of my cleft one last time and then began to tease the sensitive tip of my clit with the hard tip of her tongue, flicking my swollen pearl from side to side. Then suddenly sucking down on it and taking it entirely into her mouth as if she was going to swallow it, before releasing it through her teeth and biting it tenderly, then flicking it from left to right once more ... I moaned, my breath coming in short gasps, my head flung back, my groin the epicenter of the universe. It was like I was adrift in a tiny boat, heading through white water towards Niagara Falls. I could hear the rushing water in my ears, sense the boat bobbing on the waves, hear the distant roar of the waterfall.
I looked down, but Rose's head was buried between my thighs, just as her tongue was buried in my pussy, and my clitoris was buried in her mouth.
I sensed movement to my left and saw that the twins were watching us with rapt attention, their young cocks once again defying gravity and rearing skyward.
I fell forward, my breasts swinging, and felt Rose's firm hands on my ass cheeks, holding me helpless in her grip as she devoured my cunt, her tongue relentlessly pushing my sensitive clitoris from side to side, side to side. Sometimes she would flatten her tongue against the tip of my clit and pull it between her lips, before letting it go again, and then softly circling it with her tongue. I was breathless, light-headed, floating. Rose accelerated, and began squashing her nose against me, rubbing furiously, taking my breath away.
I could sense my tiny craft getting closer and closer to the vertiginous falls, circling helplessly in the foam, till suddenly, with a scream, I was in free-fall, tumbling down the wall of water, gasping for breath. My whole body arched away from Rose's relentless tongue and I fell forward, almost suffocating my sweet benefactor, my final orgasm shuddering through me.
I pulled myself down her body till our eyes met once more, and I fastened my mouth to hers. It was strange to taste my own pussy juices on her tongue, as we kissed and kissed and kissed ... Finally she lifted her hips slightly to slide her pants off, then took my hand and placed it between her legs.
At first, I thought that she must be wearing a strap-on, because my fingers encountered a hard bobbing rod. But when I followed the rod down to its root, my fingers brushed a bush of pubic hair - and the rod was too flesh-like to be anything but -- flesh!
"Surprise!!" said Rose.
"Wow! " I replied.
"And now I'm going to fuck you." she said, and in one easy fluid motion, pushed her long hard rod deep into my slippery cunt.
"Ride me!"
I fixed my gaze on those lovely emerald eyes, and slowly pulled my body up 'till I could feel the head of her rock-hard cock just about to slip out of my slick wet cunt, and then just as slowly I pushed my whole body down the length of her slippery shaft until I was grinding her tight hairy balls with my pussy lips. And then, almost as slowly, I did it again, never moving my eyes from hers for an instant. And so we gently rocked, accelerating together almost imperceptibly, moving in perfect time.
Out of the corner of my eye I saw that the twins had started to fondle their stiff shafts and were now helplessly jacking off, their eyes fixed on the sun-bed.
I moved my hands up from Rose's hips, over her taut belly, and started fondling those massive boobs. As I slid my clenching cunt up and down the length of her thick hard shaft, my fingers closed over her stiffened nipples, gently squeezing and pinching. Rose let out a moan.
I leaned down to kiss her parted lips. Then I spread my legs wider and sat up, my pussy still encasing her stiff cock, and began to slide up and down her slick shaft, letting Rose the exhibitionist watch me, the voyeur, fucking her like a cowgirl.
Our eyes were locked, our breath coming in short gasps, as we urged each other on to climax. We were the only thing happening in the entire universe; the moon could have exploded at this moment and I swear neither of us would have noticed, we were so intent upon each other.
And then I saw Rose's eyes widen, her hips bucked, and as she released a hot thick stream of cum up into me, my own orgasm juddered through me in endless electric waves.
Spent, I fell forward once more, and my lips sought hers.
We didn't talk for a LONG time.
Then finally Rose said, with a grin, "So - you just like to watch, huh?"
"I said that I liked to watch, " I replied, "I never said that I JUST liked to watch!"
.