Author's note 1: This piece is a sequel to an earlier story, "Desperate Measures: The Baller." If you have not read the aforementioned "Desperate Measures: The Baller," then it may be a good idea to read that one first. All of the background information on the characters and the circumstances of their interactions are established in the earlier submission. This story picks up the day after the events in the previous piece.
Author's note 2: This story is a Romance, but it contains elements of NonConsensual/Reluctance, Exhibitionist/Voyeur, and Anal sex. The sexual content is pervasive and explicit. Anyone who finds these subjects offensive or who prefers sex in the background would be better off clicking back to the index and finding another story to read.

* * * *

The front desk called Sergio's room at 7:55 a.m. to advise him of a visitor. After confirming her identity, the hotel employee gave Yesenia an electronic pass card and directed her to the VIP elevator. She slid the card through the reader, punched the button for the twenty-fourth floor, and rode the glass-encased car to the top of the hotel. Yesenia exited, turned left, and scanned the hallway for room 2424. She found the door, knocked, and then waited.
"Good morning!" Sergio said, welcoming her into his room. "Did you bring my automobile?"
"I parkedmycar with the valet. Here's the ticket."
"Gracias, mi amor, gracias."
"De nada, Senor."
Sergio took the ticket from Yesenia, tucked it into his shirt pocket, and gave Yesenia a thorough once-over. Standing in her navy blue scrubs, white lab coat and sneakers, and with her hair pulled back in a tight ponytail, Yesenia presented a professional profile in stark contrast to the cut off shorts, bikini top and wild hair she sported the previous day. The baggy scrub pants obscured her curvaceous backside, while the lab coat made her ample breasts all but disappear. The conservative make-up adorning her face completed the transformation from slutty playground tease to health care professional.
"Dulcita, aren't you professional today? If I weren't expecting your visit, I probably wouldn't have recognized you. I hope you didn't cause the front desk to believe that I am ill. The concierge can be overly helpful at times."
"I'm on my way to work."
"Are you a doctor, Yesenia?"
"I'm a nurse--a private, home nurse."
"I'm impressed."
"Thank you. I worked hard to get where I am. Now let's hurry up and get this over with so that I'm not late for work--drop your pants."
"Not so fast, my pretty little nurse. It would be my pleasure to become knowing you better. I've ordered breakfast from room service. Come and join me on the terrace, where we can enjoy this beautiful morning sunshine."
"I told you, I have to get to work."
"Would you like some coffee, at least?
"You aren't listening. I don't have time."
"Is there anything I can get for you? A mimosa? Orange juice? Apastelito? Some berries and cream?"
"Ha ha. I get it--berries and cream. Did you forget to mention your banana?"
"No, no, I meant fresh strawberries and sweetened creme. The kitchen here has the biggest, freshest, sweetest strawberries I've ever seen. They are delicious."
"Look, Sr. de la Cruz, I have to get to work. I'm only here because you hustled Russell out of my car, and you're making me suck your dick so I can drive it. Now let's conclude this disgusting business of ours so I can get out of here and get where I need to be."
"Alright, alright, Yesenia, let's get started. But first, I'm going to need for you to remove your clothes."
"What?"
"You heard me. Your clothes--take them off."
"Why?"
"Because I want to see all of you. You have beautiful breasts and your skin is like cinnamon and honey. You tantalize me. I want to see all of your beauty."
"Sr. de la Cruz!"
"Si." Sergio bowed.
"You ... you're overstepping the boundaries. I'm not here by choice, you know. You humiliated me yesterday in front of the entire park, and I am left with the impression that you intend to continue humiliating me for the foreseeable future. I'll do what I have to do, but I will only go so far with you. I'm with Russell, and he's the only man who gets to see my naked body."
"Yesenia, I am try to be patient with you, but my patience has limits. You have two options. You can take off your clothes this instant, or you can turn around and leave before I have hotel security remove you. The choice is yours, but you need to make that choice immediately."
Yesenia's eyes started to water, but she was determined not to cry again. She set down her purse, took off her lab coat, and kicked off her shoes. She pulled her scrub pants to the floor, pulled the top over her head, and then stood before Sergio in her bra and panties with her head tilted downward. She realized that bowing her head was a form of submission, so she lifted her chin and looked into Sergio's sparkling blue eyes.
"Very nice," Sergio said. "Now finish."
Yesenia dropped her head, reached behind her back, and unhooked her bra. She let it fall to the floor, and then pushed her panties to her ankles. She stood in the center of the room--nude except for the white anklets on her feet. She raised her arms in an effort to cover her naked breasts and pussy, but when she realized that she couldn't hide all her assets she feigned defiance by standing with her arms hanging to her sides.
Sergio leered at her front side, and then directed her to spin around in a slow circle. His eyes devoured Yesenia's round, bulbous buttocks, soft belly, and thick, muscular legs. Her nipples were at full attention, and a sheen of perspiration was forming between her pendulous breasts. Her thick black bush was trimmed to a small patch above her slit, but that patch was surrounded by visible stubble. Looking closer, Sergio detected a hint of nectar moistening her pink and grey nether lips.
Despite the cool temperature in the hotel room, Yesenia felt a warm wave wash over her body. She could smell her own arousal rising from her pussy, and she guessed that Sergio could also. A hot flash exploded in her face as she processed that thought.
Compelled by the heat rising within her, and at the same time anxious to be done and on her way, Yesenia initiated the action. She stepped toward Sergio and reached for the drawstring on his white linen slacks. She pulled it, allowing the loose-fitting pants to drop to the floor. He wasn't wearing underwear. His cock sprang out, fully erect and ready for attention. Yesenia wrapped a hand around the base, dropped to her knees, and licked the shaft.
Sergio leaned forward, grabbed her by the pony tail, and pulled her head backward.
"Not today," he said. "Come with me."
"What's wrong? What did I do? Where are we going?"
"Outside. That's how you like it."
"Says you," she spat.
Sergio led Yesenia to a doorway and ushered her onto the balcony.
"What's up, boss?" a familiar voice greeted the two.
Yesenia turned and saw Jamal seated at a table with his breakfast. There were two more place settings, several dishes with steel covers over them, a pitcher of orange juice, a pot of coffee, a bucket of champagne, and a tray of fresh fruit. Yesenia's eyes widened as she covered her crotch with one hand and attempted to cover her breasts with the other.
"What's he doing here?" she shrieked.
"Mr. Walker works for me now," Sergio answered. "He is my gerbil."
"Gopher," Jamal corrected. "I'm your gopher."
Jamal looked at Sergio, diverting his eyes to avoid staring at Sergio's crotch. He glanced at Yesenia, taking in her lush curves while attempting to see past her protective arm placement.
"Right, gopher," Sergio said. "That is what I am mean."
"He's not staying out here," Yesenia snapped. "Jamal, you can take your plate and go inside now. Watch some TV."
"Mr. Walker is precisely where he needs to be," Sergio interrupted. "He is no going anywhere."
"I'm not..." Yesenia started.
"Then you're dismissed. Pick up your clothes and go."
"And my car?"
"Mycar will remain in the hotel garage. You can call a cab or take a bus. I don't really care."
"You-you can't...it's my car!"
"Yesenia, please leave now. Jamal, call security."
"Wait! Alright! You win--again--what do you want me to do?"
"Are you sure you don't have time for breakfast?"
"I'm positive," Yesenia snarled.
"In that case, come over here."
Sergio turned a padded chaise lounge chair away from the sun.
"Right here." He pointed at the chaise. "On your hands and knees."
Yesenia placed one knee and then the other on the thick cushion, and then leaned forward and lowered her palms to the chair. She glanced at Jamal, and then looked away as a wave of heat flushed over her skin.
Sergio paused at the table as he walked toward the chaise. He scooped up a handful of butter that was softening in the morning sun, and applied it to his erect cock. He rubbed the remaining butter into the crack of Yesenia's ass, buttering her entire crotch from front to back.
"Hurry up,jefe," she said. "I have to get to work."
Sergio placed the tip of his cock against Yesenia's buttered asshole and pushed. The head popped through the unprepared muscle ring and burrowed another inch into her anal canal before meeting resistance.
"Oww! Fuck! You're in the wrong hole!"
Sergio placed his hands on her curvy hips, grasped a fistful of flesh in each hand, and pushed again. Another inch of cock disappeared inside her tight ass.
"Stop it, dammit! That hurts! Didn't anyone teach you to ask before doing that?"
"I'm sorry that you are in discomfort," Sergio said as he drew backward and then pushed forward again. "It had been my intention to take my time and make slow, passionate love to your entire body. But since you are in a hurry, I will get this over with as quickly as possible."
"Wait! Not like this. You're too big."
Sergio pushed once again, burying the full length of his cock in Yesenia's ass. His groin was pressed against her crotch, and his balls were resting on her pussy.
"You are mistaken,mi amor. I would say we are a perfect fit."
Yesenia groaned.
"I beg to differ."
Yesenia grimaced as unbidden tears formed in the corners of both eyes.
"You can beg all you want, but it won't change anything. I'm going to fuck yourculountil I cum, and then you will be free to get dressed and leave."
"Wait--wait a minute." Yesenia inhaled. "A blow job is one thing..."
"And this is something entirely different. I understand. I find this much more intimate--more personal--more in line with our new friendship."
Yesenia shifted her hips, searching for a more comfortable angle.
"Do you think that ramming your cock in my ass makes us friends?" she whimpered.
"I like to think so. I hope that you don't let just anyone shove a cock up your ass."
Sergio drew back and then pushed forward again.
"Ungh!" Yesenia grunted. "Please! Ungh! Stop!"
"Mi amor, you are talking too much. Perhaps Jamal has something he can stuff down your throat to silence you."
"No! I can't--not both of you."
"Very well."
A tear streamed down Yesenia's face, despite her best efforts not to cry. She clenched her jaw, put her face down, and stared at the cushion while she attempted to relax her burning asshole. She glanced at her watch, noted the time, and realized that she was wasting precious minutes resisting. She had to hurry up and finish in order to make it to her first appointment on time.
"Fuck me!" she urged through gritted teeth. "Fuck me,papi."
Sergio felt his dick swell in response to Yesenia's encouragement. He never stopped to consider whether her enthusiasm was feigned or genuine. His brain was excited at a primal level, and he thrust faster, pushing his cock in and out of her buttered ass with increasing velocity.
"Fuck mepapi!Fuck my tight ass!"
Sergio rocked his body back and forth, plunging the hard shaft and flared head in and out of her tight, slick asshole. Anal sex was his favorite perversion, but few women were willing to take his cock in their tightest entrance. None had ever taken the entire length. Yesenia had no choice, he realized, but he still marveled at her talent and her enthusiasm. The fact that she seemed to like it made it even more thrilling for him.
"Give it to me,papi!" Yesenia growled through her clamped jaw. "Give it to me! Give me that big dick!"
Sergio's cock had never felt longer or harder. Despite the girth, his cock slid in and out of Yesenia's ass with amazing ease. The melting butter was the best lubricant he had every used, loosening her tight brown ass and her smooth, warm tunnel. He pushed faster and deeper, burying his bone in her sweet, tender backside.
"More! Faster!" she urged.
Sergio continued thrusting. He was unaware of his surroundings--unaware of anything other than his engorged cock, Yesenia's slick ass, and her ragged voice. He opened his eyes and looked to his left where he saw Jamal, seated at the table and rubbing his crotch beneath a napkin. Sergio waved him over.
Jamal walked around the table and approached the chaise. Sergio met Jamal's gaze, pinched his thumb and forefinger together, and then pointed at Yesenia. Jamal stared for a second, and then nodded in approval.
"Faster! Faster!" Yesenia urged. "Fuck my ass,papi, fuck my ass! Cum for me,papi!"
Jamal's fingers and thumbs closed on both of her nipples. At the same time, twin waves of searing heat raced in opposite directions, one from Yesenia's nipples to her brain and the other from her nipples to her clit. Her body felt as though it were being consumed by fire.
"Ungh! Yes! Oh god! Yes! Don't stop!"
Yesenia's entire frame shook as an unanticipated orgasm overwhelmed her. She had been so intent on making Sergio cum, that she failed to note her own growing arousal. The unexpected pressure on her nipples was the final spark that set her off, releasing a wave of heat and fire that coursed throughout her body.
"Ohhhhhh! Yesssssss! Yesssss!" she cried. "Just like that! Just like that!"
Jamal continued to pinch, while Sergio resumed thrusting in and out of Yesenia's buttery ass. Yesenia lifted her head, realized that it was Jamal who was pinching her nipples, and dropped her head again in shame. Another wave of heat seared her skin.
"Oh god! I can't stop cumming!"
Sergio thrust faster and faster. For the first time, he realized, he was going to shoot his load in a woman's ass. All previous attempts ended prematurely due to reluctance or fear. Yesenia's ass devoured the thick intruder.
Clutching her curvaceous hips, he thrust in and out, pushing and pulling her body back and forth to increase the force of his thrusts. Sergio felt his balls tighten, and knew he was close.
"Harder,papi,harder! Fuck my ass harder! Give it to me,papi! Give it to me!"
Sergio felt an explosion inside his head. His vision went black as his cock swelled and spurted. Jets of cum shot from his balls, up his shaft, and flooded Yesenia's bowels. He pushed and pumped as the juice continued to erupt from his cock.
"Oh yes!Papi, yes! Fill me! Fill me! Fill my ass!"
Yesenia's ass burned, but her skin was on fire. Every nerve was tingling as the most powerful orgasm yet wracked her body. He arms gave out, and a second later her legs followed. Yesenia collapsed on the chaise, her body quivering as the afterglow spread over her torso. A stream of cum leaked out of her ass and collected on the cushion beneath her.
"That was...amazing," Yesenia panted. "I've never..what did you do to me? How did...? Wow. Just...wow."
"Umm, boss," Jamal interrupted, "I don't want to seem ungrateful, but what about me? I could use some relief, too. Just sayin'."
"I can't...I have to go to work," Yesenia mumbled between gasps for air. "I can't. Sorry, sweetie. Not this time."
"Don't worry, Jamal, I'll see that you're taken care of," Sergio answered. "Get the door for me, please."
Sergio bent over, picked up Yesenia, and cradled her in his arms. He waited for Jamal to open the door, and then carried her into the room.
"Wait outside," he said to Jamal. "I'll call someone for you."
"Sure thing, boss. Hey, how about that Puerto Rican girl from last night?"
"With the pierced nipples and no gag reflex?"
"Yeah, you know the one I'm talking about." Jamal giggled.
"I'll see if she's available."
"Cool," Jamal answered. "Oh, Yesenia--one more thing."
"Yes?"
"You're even hotter than I imagined. I don't know why you're wasting it all on Russell."
"When you can beat Russell one-on-one, come and talk to me."
Jamal closed the door and returned to his breakfast. Sergio set Yesenia on the sofa, gathered her clothes, and handed them to her.
Yesenia put on her bra and panties, and the stood up to put on her scrubs. Sergio stepped toward her, wrapped his arms around her, and pulled her body against his. Their eyes met, and then he lowered his lips to hers.
"The bathroom is over there," he said, breaking the kiss. "You can take a shower and get yourself cleaned up before you go."
"I don't have time. I'm going to be late for work. I'll sign in and then go straight to the bathroom. I'll wash up before anyone even knows I'm there."
"Are you sure?"
"I don't have any choice. I'd stay longer, but I have to go."
"Alright. Here's the valet ticket. Same time tomorrow?"
"Maybe a little earlier."
"Very well. I'll see you tomorrow morning. Breakfast will be waiting for you."
Yesenia stepped through the door, and then turned back before Sergio could close it.
"Sergio?"
"Yes."
"One more thing."
"I'm listening."
"Thank you for not sharing me with Jamal. I was so turned on, so horny, I was...out of control. At that moment I would have done anything--sucked his dick, licked his ass, fucked him--anything at all. And then I'd hate myself for it tonight."
"You're welcome."
"Sergio, I'm not a whore."
"No one said you were."
"I'm serious. I am not a whore."
"I believe you. Now get going. I'll see you tomorrow morning."

* * * *

The front desk rang Sergio's room at 6:45 a.m. Five minutes later, Yesenia exited the elevator, stepped around the housekeeper's cart, and knocked at the door. Sergio opened it and invited Yesenia into the suite. Salsa music was playing at a low volume over the room entertainment system.
Standing in a white robe with the hotel initials monogrammed in bold black letters, Sergio escorted Yesenia into the main sitting area. Yesenia handed him the valet ticket and then set her purse on the table.
"Do you have time to dine with me this morning?" Sergio asked.
"Let's take care of business, first, and then if I'm still ahead of schedule I can join you for breakfast."
"Very well. Take off your clothes,por favor, mi flor hermosa."
"You are such a charming devil, aren't you?" Yesenia removed her scrubs, folded them, and set them on the coffee table.
"I'm doing my best to make ournegociospleasurable for both of us."
"It seems to be working for one of us, at least."
Yesenia felt her face flush as she unhooked her new bra, pushed the matching thong to the floor, and set both on top of her folded uniform. "Is this how you treat all the women in Europe?"
"Every woman is unique--every one must be approached, cultivated, and cared for in a different manner. The things I do with you I have never done with anyone else, and never will do with another."
"So, I'm the first woman you've ever fucked in the ass?"
"Of course not. But you are the first woman who has ever performed for me in front of an audience."
"That's what I do? I perform for you?"
"You perform for yourself. I'm merely the director, placing you in roles you have always wanted to play, but never had the opportunity."
"You're so full of shit, Sr. de la Cruz. You have me in a compromising position, and you are taking advantage of the situation. If it wasn't me, it would be somebody else. Men like you use women for your own pleasure, then cast them aside when you are through with them. The bigger your advantage, the more humiliating the treatment. You have me at a tremendous disadvantage, so the exploitation is enormous. You can stop pretending that any part of this is for my benefit. It's all about you. I know it and you know it and now you know I know it. Now let's do this so I can get to work."
"As you wish." Sergio was taken aback by Yesenia's abrupt change of tone. "On that counter is a tube of lotion. Please bring it to me."
Sergio unfastened the belt and opened his robe. His cock was pointing toward the ceiling at full erection.
Yesenia walked over to the kitchen area, located the lotion, and returned to the sofa. She handed the tube to Sergio.
"You do it, this time."
Sergio placed the lotion in her hand and then motioned for Yesenia to turn around. She turned her back to Sergio, spread her feet, and squeezed the lotion onto her fingers.
"Are you going to fuck me in the ass again?"
"Of course. I'm going to fuck you in the ass every day until I am paid the twelve thousand dollars that Russell owes me, or you decide you no longer need my car."
"You just proved my point."
"Maybe. But you are about to prove mine, as well."
"We'll see."
Yesenia applied a generous amount of lotion to the crack of her ass, and then spent a few seconds more rubbing it into her asshole. She sat on Sergio's lap, reached behind her back for his cock, and applied the lotion to the head and shaft. She looked up at the clock, then lifted her ass from his thighs, placed the head against her anus, and lowered her weight onto his lap. She felt pressure on her sphincter, and then a sharp pain as the tip forced her open. She closed her eyes, willed the tension from her body, and resumed lowering her torso onto his lap. After another ten seconds of painful stretching, she felt the head pop through her tightest opening. She paused for a second, took a deep breath, and then resumed lowering her ass onto Sergio's erect, throbbing cock. She ignored the pain and forced inch after inch of thick shaft up her ass.
Yesenia paused with half of Sergio's solid cock impaling her bowels. She reached between her legs, grasped the remaining half, and realized that her ordeal was just beginning. She felt as though the invading shaft were going to cleave her in two, or send her to the emergency room so she could be stitched back together. Despite the searing pain, Yesenia forced a smile to her face. She did not want Sergio to know that she was in distress.
"Is this what you want?" she asked, gasping for breath. "Do you want to shove your fat cock up my tight little ass?"
"Yes," Sergio whispered into her ear. "So tight. Your ass is so tight."
"Do you want to fuck my tight little ass with your big, hard dick?"
"Si, corazon, si."
Using her arms for leverage, Yesenia lifted her ass until just the tip of Sergio's cock was wedged inside her anus. She clenched her teeth and held that position until the burning in her arms exceeded the burning in her asshole. When she could hold herself up no longer, she started a gradual descent that ended with her butt cheeks resting on Sergio's lap and his entire cock buried in her ass. A satisfied smile crept across her face when she realized that she had taken all of his cock, and that she had accomplished the feat through her own efforts. She didn't understand how or why, but the pain and humiliation of taking a dick up her ass out of necessity caused a wave of arousal to flash across her body.
"Do you like that?" Yesenia groaned. "Does it feel good burying your dick in my tight little ass?"
"It's incredible," Sergio moaned. "So good. Your ass feels so good."
Sergio reached up and pinched both of her nipples. Yesenia felt a tingling travel across her body, connecting her nipples, her asshole, and her cunt. She reached between her legs and touched her clit, which amplified the tingling that she was already experiencing.
The bedroom door opened and a hotel maid in a yellow uniform stepped through carrying a load of linens in her bare arms. Her long hair was dyed plum and tied up in a bun. She had mocha-colored skin, dark brown eyes, and appeared to be in her mid-thirties.
"I am finish the bedroom. I start the bathroom and then..." The maid saw Yesenia and gasped. "Oh my! I am sorry, I didn't know you had a visitor. I come back and finish the suite later. I'm so sorry, sir, please forgive me."
Sergio slipped his hands to Yesenia's waist and held her in place. Yesenia's face flushed as she struggled to cover her breasts and crotch with her hands.
"Do not go," Sergio addressed the maid. "I need my room cleaned now."
"Sergio!" Yesenia moaned. "What are you doing?"
"Sir, I cannot," the maid answered while hiding her face behind the linens. "I must leave and come back when your guest is gone."
"What is your name?" Sergio asked.
"Maribel," she answered.
"Maribel, I insist. Do you see that table next to the door?" Sergio pointed toward a small lamp table near the entrance.
"Yes," the maid answered, peeking from behind the linens.
"There are two hundred-dollar bills on that table. They are yours if the room is done in the next twenty minutes."
"Let her go,papi," Yesenia cooed. "She can clean the room when I'm gone."
"Senor, I must go. It is hotel rule."
"Three hundred dollars."
"I cannot. I lose my job."
"Four hundred."
"Sir, please, I will do next room and return to finish."
"Sergio, can't you see that you're embarrassing her?"
"Five hundred."
"I-- "
"Five hundred dollars if you finish my room in the next twenty minutes. Otherwise, I will report my dissatisfaction to the management."
The maid paused and looked at Sergio.
"Just clean your room?"
"That's all. Just do your job."
"Nothing else?"
"Not a thing."
"And you no report me to the manager?"
"I promise. Now stop wasting time. You have three seconds to decide."
The maid stepped toward the door, and then stopped again.
"One..."
"I do it."
"Thank you."
The maid left the room with the bundle of dirty linens, and returned a second later with a vacuum sweeper. She plugged the cord into the wall nearest the door, switched it on, and started sweeping. She tried to avoid looking at Sergio and Yesenia, but Sergio caught her peeking and grinned. The maid ducked her head and focused her gaze on the floor.
Sergio grasped Yesenia's hips and lifted her ass off his crotch. He held her with just the tip of his cock embedded in her asshole, then lowered her onto his thighs. He repeated this process three more times, then pinched Yesenia's nipples between his fingers.
"Mmmmmmm! Yes!" she moaned. "Mmmmmmmm!"
The maid worked a path that took her along the perimeter of the room. Starting in the farthest corner, she swept along the outer edge of the room, behind the sofa, and then along the wall to the right. She stopped twice to plug the cord into a different outlet, but continued sweeping at a furious pace. Her furtive glances at Sergio and Yesenia were becoming longer and more frequent.
The vacuum sweeper drowned out the music as well as Yesenia's cries of pleasure, but the maid could not help stealing glances at the couple engaged in perverse acts mere feet away from where she worked. Yesenia opened her eyes and saw the maid staring while she bounced her ass up and down on Sergio's cock. She felt a fresh wave of shame as she realized that she was given a choice, and yet she accepted the violation of her ass and the public humiliation that accompanied it. At that moment, she wouldn't consider making any other choice.
Yesenia looked up and saw the maid standing just a few feet from her. She ducked her head and moaned as her first orgasm raced from her crotch and exploded in her brain. The maid was pushing the vacuum sweeper back and forth across the floor in the same rhythm as Yesenia's ass rising up and down on Sergio's cock. Yesenia felt her face flush once again, and then noticed that the maid's face was also flushed. No longer looking away, the maid's look displayed a mixture of fascination, disgust, and a hint of longing.
Sergio continued guiding Yesenia up and down on his cock. He no longer needed to hold onto her hips and lift her--she was producing the movement on her own accord. His face was starting to perspire as he fought to withhold his orgasm. The friction of Yesenia's tight asshole on his throbbing cock was becoming more than he could resist. Sergio buried his face in the back of Yesenia's neck and bit into her flesh, hoping to distract himself with a new sensation.
"Ohhhhhhhhh! Yes!" Yesenia moaned. "Mmmmm. Fuck me. Fuck my ass with that big cock."
The maid switched off the vacuum, wound up the cord, and wheeled it out of the room. She returned a minute later with an armful of cleaning supplies.
"Maribel," Sergio called.
"Yes,Senor?" the maid answered.
"Come here please."
The maid set her supplies in the bathroom and then approached Sergio. She stopped ten feet from the sofa. Yesenia bowed her head but continued rising up and down on Sergio's cock.
"Is something wrong,Senor? I no finished yet."
"No, Maribel, there is nothing wrong. Do you see that tube of lotion on the table?" Sergio pointed at the coffee table situated between the Maribel and the sofa.
"Yes."
"Hand that to me, please."
The maid walked around the table, picked up the tube, and handed it to Sergio. Sergio grabbed her hand as she pulled it away.
"Senor?" the maid asked in a trembling voice.
Sergio turned her wrist so that her palm was facing upward. He squeezed a few ounces of lotion into her hand, and then released her.
"I need more lotion."
"Senor?"
"Right here."
Sergio lifted Yesenia off his lap, exposing his entire crotch to the maid. He grabbed her wrist and pulled it toward his cock. She offered tepid resistance for a second, but then relented and allowed Sergio to guide her hand to his rigid shaft. She closed her hand around his rod, then slid her palm up and down until his cock was coated in the thick fluid.
"Thank you," Sergio whispered. "You can go now, unless you would rather stay."
Maribel didn't say anything. She took a step toward the door, then knelt on the floor next to the table as Yesenia slid down Sergio's shaft. Maribel was transfixed by the sight of Sergio's thick cock and Yesenia's moist, fragrant pussy. Sergio reached for Yesenia's nipple with one hand and her clit with the other. He strummed a tune with both hands, sending another surge of electricity across her skin.
"Ohhhhh! Fuck! Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck my ass! Fuck me!"
Sergio curled his arms under Yesenia's thighs and then stood up with his cock still buried in her butt. He held her in both arms and thrust in and out of her ass. His newly slickened cock glided in and out of her tightest orifice with little friction. She squeezed his shaft as it thrust in and out, ripping one orgasm after another from her depths.
"Mmmmm! Oh! Yes! Yes! Oh! God! Yes! Yes! I'm...cumming!"
Segio felt his own orgasm rising within his body. His balls tightened and his thighs contracted. He held Yesenia in his arms, her body curled into a ball while is cock penetrated her asshole over and over. He forgot about the maid, forgot where he was, forgot that it was still morning and he was on the top floor of a luxury hotel. All he knew was that his body was on fire and he was about to erupt in the biggest orgasm of his entire life.
Sergio's balls contracted, and a load of semen shot up his shaft. Fireworks exploded in his brain as the cum splattered inside Yesenia's bowels. He pumped jets of fluid up her ass--two, three, four, five times before he started to slow. Cum ran out of her asshole and splattered on the carpet.
Maribel stared--open mouthed--stunned by the power and the raw beauty of what she had just witnessed. The fact that she earned five hundred dollars as a result of doing nothing more than watching two guests engage in primal sex was more than her mind could process. She remained seated on the floor, too stunned to move.

* * * *

The following morning Sergio opened the door and found Yesenia sobbing. Her face was streaked with mascara and tears, her upper lip was bruised and puffy, the left side of her face was red and swollen, and there was a dark bruise around her left eye. Yesenia collapsed into Sergio's arms as he drew her into the room.
"What happened to you?"
Sergio led Yesenia to the sofa.
"Russell--that bastard hit me."
"Why?"
"Does it matter why?" Yesenia glared.
"No, of course not. What I meant...he left you all alone three days ago. He didn't care what you had to do to drive your car. What made him angry this morning?"
"I told him about yesterday, and the day before."
"That I fucked you in the ass?"
"Yes--but that wasn't why he got mad. He actually thought that part was funny. He asked me how I could still walk. I guess he saw pictures of your dick from the other day in the park."
"Then what was it?"
"I told him that I liked it--that I've never cum as hard as I did with you. No man has ever turned me on like you do. I never felt more alive than when I was on my hands and knees and your dick was sliding in and out of my tight ass."
Sergio's eyes widened as he straightened in his seat.
"That's when he called me a 'trifling whore' and hit me."
Sergio's jaw dropped.
"What did you do?"
"I got up off the floor and I told him that I couldn't wait for you to fuck my pussy and make it yours, also. If you fuck my pussy half as good as you fucked my ass, I'll probably never stop cumming. I told him that I'm going to shoot a video so he can see how a real man takes care of a woman."
"Then what?"
"He hit me again--on the jaw."
Sergio paused to look at her swollen jaw. He lifted a hand to touch it, then thought better and pulled it back.
"Did you call the police?"
"No. I didn't want him to go back to jail."
"Why not?"
Yesenia ducked her head.
"He would just get out in twenty-four hours and be even more pissed at me."
"Is that when you left?"
"No." Yesenia lifted her head and looked into Sergio's eyes. "I got up off the floor and told him if he was a real man he would get a job and get my car back, instead of spending all day at the park hustling while his woman was working all day to put food on the table, and sucking dick so she could drive her own car that he gambled away. Then he hit me again."
"He hit you three times?"
"Yes."
"In the face?"
"Does this look like make-up?"
"Of course not. I'm sorry. How did you get away?"
"I spit in his face and ran for the door. I got out before he could catch me. I pulled the door shut just as he was reaching for it. I smashed his hand in the door jamb. Motherfucker won't be hitting me any more today--at least not with his right hand."
"Are you OK?"
"Do I look OK?"
A fresh tear rolled down Yesenia's cheek. Sergio reached for a box of tissues and handed one to her.
"I'm sorry. I meant, are you hurt badly? Do you need to go to the hospital?"
"I'm a nurse, remember? I'll stop by the office after work and have someone check me out."
"No, no, no. Not today. You aren't going anywhere."
"I have to go in--I'm out of sick days. If I don't show, I won't get paid for today, and I can't afford to miss a day's pay."
"I'll cover you. You won't lose any money. Now call in, and then go lay down on the bed."
"You don't have to do anything for me. I can take care of myself."
"That's not working out so well for you right now, is it?"
"I'm OK, really."
"Sure you are. Listen, Yesenia, just take the day off and rest up here. I've got some business that requires my attention, so you will have the suite all to yourself. Here's a room card--order yourself some breakfast or lunch or whatever from the kitchen. Go down to the spa. Get a massage and a facial. Well, maybe not a facial. Try the sauna. Get your hair done. Anything you want. Just charge it to the room--my treat."
"You don't have to do all that, Sergio. I'll be fine."
"It's the least I can do."
"But..."
"Yesenia, make the call. I'm going to change my clothes, make a few phone calls, and then I'll be gone for most of the day. If you're up to it, we'll go to dinner when I get back."
Sergio disappeared into the bedroom. Thirty minutes later, he emerged from the chamber dressed in a suit and tie. Jamal and the three bodyguards met him at the door just as he was leaving. Yesenia was in the bathroom drawing a bath, and did not hear him exit.
Yesenia soaked herself in the bathtub until the once steaming water became tepid. She dried her skin, wrapped herself in a towel, turned on the television, and sprawled across the bed. Sleep came quicker than she expected.

* * * *

It was a few minutes past noon when she awoke. She put on her clothes and thought about going to one of the hotel restaurants for lunch. She looked first at her scrubs and then at her battered face before deciding to order room service, instead.
She ate her lunch on the balcony. It amused her to think that she was eating a lobster salad and summer berries just a few feet from where she was buttfucked a few days earlier. She recalled the image of the tall Spaniard, and then blushed when she realized that her panties were getting a little damp as she looked forward to his return.
Yesenia ordered a movie and tried to watch television, but that soon became boring. She called down to the spa and learned that she didn't need to make an appointment--the level of Sergio's room card guaranteed her services at any time.Yesenia grabbed her purse and headed for the elevator.

* * * *

Six hours later, Yesenia returned to Sergio's suite. Her face was still tender, but the expert cosmetician had done a brilliant job covering her scrapes and bruises. Her hair was colored, cut and styled. Her nails were polished and painted. She didn't believe that she actually lost any weight as a result of the herbal body wrap, but it felt good and she enjoyed it nonetheless. The highlight of the afternoon, of course, was the hot stone massage--never before had she felt so relaxed. She giggled as she inserted the room card in the slot, recalling the total body wax that was her special surprise for Sergio.
Yesenia stepped through the door and let it close behind her. She wasn't prepared for what she saw when she entered the room.
"What...how did my stuff get here?" she asked.
"Jamal told me where you lived, and then I sent my men to go visit Russell."
"Did they kill him?"
"Of course not."
"Did they hurt him, at least?"
"No. It wasn't necessary. I promise you, he will not be bothering you again."
"Is this everything?" Yesenia stared at the eight foot by eight foot pile of milk crates and cardboard boxes that contained her life's possessions. The enthusiasm she felt upon exiting the elevator was draining from her body.
"You would know better than I. Go through it all later, and if anything is missing I'll send someone to pick it up. You don't ever have to go back to that apartment again."
Sergio smiled, pleased with himself for his exhibition of gallantry.
"I don't have anywhere else to live."
"You will stay here, of course. I will be occupying in this suite for two more months. You can stay as long as it pleases you."
"What if I don't want to stay here?"
"That's up to you. Just promise me you won't ever go back to that apartment you shared with Russell."
"That's for me to decide."
"Of course, of course." Sergio stroked his chin. "Who is Racquel?"
"Racquel? Do you mean Racquel Perez?"
Sergio pulled a slip of paper out of his shirt pocket, looked down at it, then put it back where he found it.
"Yes, Racquel Perez."
"Rocky's a friend of mine on the sixth floor. I watch her kids whenever she has to work a double shift."
"I guess someone else was watching them this morning. She was in your bed when my men arrived at the apartment. There were no kids in sight."
Yesenia's eyes blazed.
"That backstabbing, man-stealing, leg-spreading slut! It sure didn't take her long to move in and take my place. Just wait until I get my hands on her weave. I'll wrap those extensions around her neck and choke a bitch."
"Let it go."
"What? You don't know..."
"Yesenia--just let it go. Why would you want to go back there and deal with those people?"
"I have to. I can't just walk away and let her move in on my man."
"Is that truly the way you feel? Do you want to fight over Russell?"
"Yes! No! I mean--I don't know. Not really. But I have to do something. My reputation..."
"It's over in that neighborhood. You lost all of that when you were on your knees sucking my cock in front of that crowd. I'm sorry, but it's the truth. It would be futile for you to go back there and grovel. The best thing you can do for yourself is start over and never look back."
"That's...my home. I have to go back."
"You can do better. This is your chance. You just have to decide what you want."
"I know you're right. I get that. But knowing it and doing it aren't the same."
"Look, we can discuss this later. Right now, we need to get dressed so we can go to dinner. We have reservations in an hour and a half."
"Um...where are my clothes? I hope I have something to wear."
"Try looking in that box in the corner. I think that's the one Jamal said was the lightest."
"This one?"
"Yes. You look beautiful, by the way. Very sexy."
"Thank you. Not too bad for someone who was beaten like apinatajust over twelve hours ago, right?
"You're gorgeous, Yesenia."

* * * *

Sergio and Yesenia returned to the suite just before midnight. Sergio opened the door and turned on the lights. Yesenia stepped through the entrance, grabbed his hand, and led him to the bedroom.
"Tell me, Sr. de la Cruz, if I fuck you now, does that let me off the hook for tomorrow morning, or will I have to fuck you again before I go to work? Technically, it will be tomorrow by the time we finish."
"What makes you think I'll be done fucking you when your shift starts?"
"If that's the case, then you better get started. If I'm late the day after calling in sick, I'll definitely lose my job."
Yesenia stepped out of her shoes, unzipped her dress, and let it fall to the floor. She turned her back toward Sergio, unhooked her bra, and dropped it onto the pile. Her panties followed a second later. She turned around and presented her naked body to him.
"Mmmmm mmmmm," Sergio groaned. "You look much better than you did this morning. I love the shaved pussy."
"Waxed," Yesenia corrected. "I thought you would appreciate that. Now let's get into bed, and you can show me why you like it so much."
Sergio stepped toward her, scooped her in his arms, and carried her toward the bed. Instead of setting her down, however, he turned toward the door and carried her into the sitting area. He reached for a light switch, and then opened a door and stepped onto the balcony.
"What are we doing out here?" Yesenia asked. "I thought we were going to bed."
"We will, in due time. But first, let's enjoy the night air for a little while. I'll get you a drink."
"It's cold out here. Take me back inside."
"We'll get to that. Stay here, I'll be right back."
Sergio deposited her on a lounge chair, and then went inside. He locked the door behind him, strode across the room toward the bar, and mixed two cocktails. He turned on the balcony light, and then went back outside with the drinks.
"Why did you turn the light on? Someone could see us."
"Not likely. We're twenty-four stories up. The only way anyone could see us is if they were in the building across the street and using a telescope or binoculars. Without the light on, they wouldn't be able to see anything."
"You want to be seen?"
"It doesn't matter to me. But I think you rather enjoy it."
"Oh really, what makes you say that?"
"The way you reacted at the park, for one. And then again, in front of Mr. Walker, and yesterday, in front of the maid. You were very excited. And right now, your nipples could poke my eyes out if I look too closely."
"That's because I'm cold. It's freezing out here. Let's go inside."
"In time. First, let's drink to a life without Mr. Russell."
"I'll drink to that."
Sergio tipped his glass toward Yesenia, then swallowed the contents in one long pull. Yesenia did the same, then scrunched her face in disgust.
"What is this?"
"A little specialty of mine--I call it a Sergio Slammer. It's very famous in Madrid."
"It should've stayed there. That shit is nasty."
"It's an acquired taste."
"Am I an acquired taste?"
"Well, I did more or less acquire you from Russell, but I don't know yet how you taste."
"Russell didn't know either. That bitch wouldn't eat my pussy."
"Why not? Is there something wrong with it?"
"No! Fuck you! Fuck off! Take yourself out of here and go straight to hell! There ain't no damn thing wrong with my pussy."
"Then why wouldn't he..."
"I don't know! He's a stupid bitch, that's why. Take me home."
"Yesenia..."
"I said, 'take me home.'"
"Racquel Perez and that 'stupid bitch' Russell are in your former home. This is your home now."
"This isn't a home. This is a god damned hotel room."
"For now, this is the only home you have."
"Fuck you. Fuck your hotel room."
"Yesenia, listen."
"What?"
"I didn't mean anything bad."
"You shouldn't have said it. That was an issue between Russell and me for a very long time."
"What? He thought there was something wrong with your pussy?"
"I don't know what he thought, but that mother fucking bitch wouldn't lick it. No matter how much I begged, that bitch would never go down on me. But he expected me to suck his big black horse dick every damn day. Mother fucker!"
"I'll lick you."
"I was hoping you would say that."
Sergio stood up, took off his jacket, and draped it over a chair. He adjusted the chaise to full recline, laid back, and pulled her toward him. Yesenia straddled his face and lowered her steaming pussy to his mouth.
Sergio extended his tongue and licked her tender slit from front to back. She was already damp when he started, and after only a few seconds the moisture became a swamp. Yesenia rubbed her soft mound all over Sergio's face, riding his lips, tongue, chin, and even his nose. Every protuberance was another slippery surface that she used to tickle her clit. Sergio's firm hands on her waist were a reassuring presence as his mouth probed and prodded her along a steadily accelerating wave of orgasms.
After Yesenia's third orgasm of increasing intensity, Sergio held her in place with his huge hands while his tongue sought out her fleshy nub. When he found the engorged seed peeking from its hood, he focused his efforts on flicking his tongue across it.
"Ohhhhhhhhhh!" Yesenia moaned. "That's the spot. I've never felt anything like that before."
Sergio redoubled his efforts. His strong arms held her firmly in place while his tongue whipped back and forth with more and more intensity. Yesenia tried to rock her hips, but Sergio was too strong; he held her motionless. She grabbed two fistfuls of black hair and pulled, attempting to somehow increase the friction on her clit.
"Don't stop!" she cried. "Don't stop."
Yesenia felt the wave growing. It was different than when Sergio's cock was shredding her asshole, but no less intense. Her skin was covered with goose bumps, but her face felt hot and her crotch felt even hotter. Another orgasm was approaching--this one would dwarf the other three that had already wracked her body.
The wave rose and then crashed upon her with the force of a tsunami.
"Mmmmm! Oh! Yes,papi! Mmmmmm!"
The tingling sensation that started at her clit traveled to her toes, to each of her fingertips, and to her brain. She felt hot and liquid, as though her body were going to melt onto the floor.
"Enough! Let me up. That's...enough. Stop. I can't take any more. Let me up. Let me up."
Sergio released his grip on her waist. Yesenia stood on unsteady legs, stepped back a pace, and then collapsed on Sergio's chest.
"That was...incredible. No one has ever made me cum like that before."
"No one has ever licked you to orgasm?"
"Never. No one. Russell wouldn't eat my pussy, and the guys before him--well I guess they just didn't know what they were doing. Wow. So that's what I've been missing. Wow. Damn."
Yesenia laid on Sergio's chest, reveling in the afterglow of her orgasm. She noticed her ragged breath punctuating the silence twenty-four stories above the late-night stragglers on the street below. She imagined steam coming off her body in the cool night air. She felt her heart pounding in her chest. In the past four days, she realized, she had experienced four of the most intense orgasms she had ever felt in her life. Three times she was outside, and at least two of those instances were in front of other people--one an entire crowd of people.
For a moment she wondered what was happening to her, and then realized she didn't care.
"I'm ready now, but it's your dick I want this time, not your tongue. Fuck me,papi, fuck my pussy."
"No."
"No? What do you mean, 'no'?"
"I'm not going to fuck you. You are going to fuck me this time."
"What? You think I don't know how to ride a dick? Not a problem. Let's go."
Yesenia reached behind her back and felt Sergio's crotch. His dick was already hard and at full attention. She turned around, unfastened his belt, opened his pants, and pulled out his thick shaft. She gave it a few admiring strokes, and then leaned her face forward and swallowed the head. She bobbed up and down for several seconds, and then turned and squatted over his groin. Yesenia reached for his manhood, lowered her crotch until the cock head was poised at the entrance to her vagina, and slowly lowered her torso. Inch by glorious inch, she felt the hard rod filling her hungry cunt.
When Sergio was halfway inside her, Yesenia paused.
"Am I wet enough for you?" she asked.
"Am I hard enough for you?" Sergio responded.
"Only one way to find out."
Yesenia slammed her body downward, impaling herself on Sergio's spear. She immediately raised her crotch and then lowered it again. She settled into a steady rhythm, sliding her pussy up and down Sergio's meaty cock, rising halfway up the shaft before taking it all the way to his balls on the downstroke.
She felt the familiar flush of heat spread from her groin to her face as her first orgasm approached. She rode that one out, then felt another flush approaching even before the first had dissipated. Her body moved faster and faster as she rode Sergio to a second, and then a third orgasm. Her skin glistened with a thin sheen of perspiration despite the chilly evening air. Sergio grunted and groaned beneath her, content to let her ride his beautiful cock as she pleased.
Yesenia paused for a second to catch her breath. In that brief moment of lucidity, she decided to change things up. She rocked backward, put her hands on Sergio's chest, and shifted her weight to the balls of her feet. She squatted on Sergio's cock, which was still buried inside her.
That position caused her pussy to contract, thereby tightening its grip on Sergio's cock. An involuntary moan escaped his throat. The dulling effect of the alcohol he had consumed just prior to their coupling was about to be put to a severe test.
Yesenia flexed her legs, sliding her swampy pussy up Sergio's shaft. She immediately felt a burning in her thighs that caused a drop of water to form in the corner of her eye. 'Froggy style,' she realized, had its drawbacks as well as its benefits.
She continued rising until she felt the tip of Sergio's cock poised once again at the entrance to her pussy. She slid down again, careful not to let it slip out. The feeling as her wet, constricted pussy slid down the thick, hard shaft sent another wave of heat from her crotch to her brain. After two more strokes, she could no longer maintain the deliberate, tortured pace. She squatted and rose with abandon, propelling herself to two more orgasms in the space of a few minutes.
The burning in Yesenia's thighs became intolerable, so she lowered her knees to the chaise, laid her body on Sergio's chest, and rested for a second. Sergio was in no mood for a break, however; he thrust his hips upward and began pumping her from below. Despite its girth, his cock slid in and out of her pussy easily. Yesenia lifted her head from his chest and gazed at his contorted face. His eyes were closed and his facial muscles twitched in the same rhythm as his thrusting hips pummeled her from below.
Overcome with emotion, Yesenia lunged forward and pressed her lips against Sergio's mouth. The contact sent another wave of heat from her pussy to the tips of her fingers and toes. Sergio wrapped his arms around her, pressed his lips against hers, and thrust his tongue into her mouth. Yesenia tasted his tongue and another flavor, as well. A second later she realized it was her own pussy that she was sampling on Sergio's lips. For an instant she found that idea revolting, but in the heat of the moment she pushed that thought aside and thrust her own tongue past Sergio's lips. A fresh wave of heat tingled across her skin.
After a minute or two Yesenia lifted her head to catch her breath. Sergio lifted his head, rooted around on her chest, and eventually found a nipple. He sucked it into his mouth and applied pressure with his teeth.
"Ungh!" Yesenia cried as a wave of heat cascaded across her body. "That's--harder!"
Sergio applied more pressure, sucking the nipple as hard as he could while closing his teeth around the rigid nub.
"Oh gawwd! Yes! Just like that!"
Yesenia was no longer riding his cock. She was too distracted to do anything but careen from one wave to the next. The pressure on her nipple combined with Sergio thrusting in and out of her pussy was more than she could handle. A wave of heat flashed across her body. Sergio's cock was thrusting in and out of her with increasing speed. The burning in her left nipple was becoming a dull ache, but it was an ache that she couldn't forego. The pain sparked a wave of heat that seared her skin, scorching every fiber of her being.
"Harder! Harder, dammit! Harder! Oh, damn!"
Yesenia was seconds away from her biggest orgasm yet. It was assaulting her from every direction, as well as from inside and outside of her body. She no longer knew where her flesh ended and Sergio's began. All she knew was a conflagration was consuming her, and she never wanted it to end.
'Unghhhhhh! Yessssssssss!"
Sergio felt his balls tighten. He would have preferred to hold out, delay his orgasm, and prolong the fucking for another half hour. It was already too late, he knew. There was no turning back--no stopping the impending climax. He was about to cum and there was nothing anyone could do to slow it.
A surge of electricity sizzled across his temples as his cock contracted. A moment later the first shot of cum jetted up his shaft and exploded inside her. His vision went black as additional explosions simultaneously went off in his crotch and in his brain. He relaxed as the third and fourth spurts escaped his twitching cock, but another, smaller wave went off as the last few spurts trickled out.
Sergio relaxed, let the nipple slip from his mouth, and reclined against the chaise. He became aware of Yesenia's naked form laying on top of his; they were both panting, and their pounding hearts rumbled like a stereophonic thunderstorm. Neither of them spoke, or even tried to move.
Fifteen minutes later, Yesenia was the first to stir. She buried her face in Sergio's shirt so that he could not see her weep. Sergio felt her trembling body, and felt her warm tears dampening his shirt.
"Why are you crying?" he asked. "Did I hurt you?"
"No," she sobbed. "It's not that."
"Then what is it?"
"No one has ever made love to me like that before."
"This wasn't your first time."
"No. Hell no. I've fucked a lot of guys. What I mean is--I'm not a whore, but I'm no virgin, either. But no one has ever made me feel like that before. No one has ever understood what I needed the way you do."
"You've never cum before?"
"Oh, I've cum before--but not like that. I didn't know what I was missing. Now I do. And now that I've found it, I have to live with the fact that you're leaving in two months."
"You will find more men. A beautiful woman like you won't have too much problems. You can show them how I make you cum."
"God, you can be an ass."
Yesenia sprang up and stormed toward the door. She pulled it open, stepped through, and slammed it shut. Sergio trailed ten steps behind her. Yesenia reached the bedroom and slammed that door, also.
Sergio reached the bedroom and opened the door. He found Yesenia on the bed, curled up in the fetal position. Her head was buried beneath a pillow as she sobbed in the darkness.
"Yesenia ... what did I do?"
"Are you really that dense?"
"Yes--no--I mean...what is wrong with you?"
"For someone who is so sophisticated and so adept at seducing women, and seems to know how a woman likes a man to treat her, you don't know shit about a woman's feelings."
"Yesenia, I'm sorry. Just tell me what I did."
"Do you think I want other men to make love to me? Do you think I want any other men at all?"
"I...I don't know."
"Do you think I can get turned on like that for anyone? Do you think it's your dick that makes me feel that way?"
"You are a sexy woman. You must have many men that want to be with you."
"Why do you think I want other men? My god, you're even stupider than I thought."
"Yesenia, stop playing guessing games with me. Just tell me what you want."
"Why do I have to say it? How can you not know? Isn't it obvious?"
"Yesenia. Stop. Just tell me what you want from me."
"I can't believe you're making me do this. Alright Sergio, I'll say it. And when I'm done, I'll get dressed and get out of here."
"I told you already, you can stay here."
"Shut up, Sergio. Just shut up. Alright. Sergio, I love you. There...I said it. I love you. Now let me get dressed and get out of here before you laugh in my face."
"Hold on. You aren't going anywhere."
"Is that your response? Am I your prisoner now?"
"Let me finish. Yesenia, you aren't going anywhere. You're staying here. I..."
"Why, so you can laugh at me and fuck me in front of your friends? 'Hey, come and watch me fuck the silly little Dominican girl.' Is that what you want?"
"Please stop interrupting. I cannot allow the woman I love to walk the streets without any place to go."
"Stop. Don't say that. I don't believe you. Don't tell me you love me just so I'll stop crying."
"I mean it, Yesenia. I love you."
"Oh really. Is that why you took my car, and then you're going to leave me here all alone with a pile of boxes, nowhere to live, and no means of transportation?"
"I wasn't going to do that."
"You've done it all week."
"I have another idea."
"Oh, tell me. Please. I can't wait to hear this one."
"Before I return to Spain, I am going to sell your Cadillac, pay off the note, and give you the money. I am going to transfer my car to you. I can't take it back to Spain, you know."
Yesenia's eyes widened.
"Do you mean the white Mercedes we took to dinner?"
"Yes."
"Really? I don't believe you."
"It's true. You can have the Mercedes when I leave, and you can use the cash from the Cadillac to find somewhere to live."
Yesenia turned her back toward him.
"I don't want your fucking car."
"What do you want, Yesenia? I'm leaving in two months. I want to do something to help you out before I go."
"What if I don't want you to leave?"
"I don't have a choice. My contract requires me to be in Madrid in two months."
"What if I want to go with you?"
"Then you will make me the happiest man in New York. You will need to get a passport and apply for a visa. You will have just enough time if you start the process tomorrow."
"Fuck you."
"Excuse me?"
"You heard me. Fuck. You. Do I have to spell I it out for you?"
"Yesenia, I don't understand."
"You don't understand? I don't understand why you're playing this game with me. If it would make you so happy, why in the hell didn't you just ask me to go with you, instead of planning to pay me off like I'm some kind of whore?"
"That's not what I meant."
"Then what did you mean?"
"Yesenia, I didn't plan to fall in love with you, but it just happened. It's not possible for me to stay, so I want to do whatever I can to make you happy before I go. I didn't think you would drop everything and go with me to Spain, so I didn't ask."
"Of course, I have no home, no car, and an almost-making-ends-meet job. How could I possibly leave all this behind?"
"What about your family?"
"Have you heard me even mention any family? And even if I did, what makes you think that my mama wouldn't be happy for me?"
"I don't know. I just assumed they would want you close by."
"Maybe we're not that kind of family."
"I didn't think of that."
"Or maybe you already have my replacement waiting for you in Madrid?"
"Finding a woman to warm my bed is never a problem. Finding one to share my life is a different matter altogether."
"Are you asking me to go with you?"
"Yes, I guess you could say that."
"You don't sound too convincing. I think you just want me to keep you company for two more months."
"Yesenia, I love you, and I want you to return home with me."
"I'll give it some thought."
Sergio's face twisted in confusion.
"Are you thinking that you would rather have my automobile?"
"Fuck you! I don't need your damn car. Asshole."
"I'm confused. Do you want to come with me or do you want the Mercedes?"
"Oh, I get a choice now? Let me ask you something, Sr. de la Cruz. When were you planning to ask me? Did you think you could just pack me up in your luggage on a moment's notice and I'm expected to just drop everything and fly off to Spain with you? Is that it? Is it? Is that what you were thinking? Why don't you just make all my decisions for me? You know what? I don't have to fly off to mother fucking Europe for that. I've got that right here. God damned Russell thought he could make all my decisions for me, and we can both see how that worked out. Is that what you want? Are you just another Russell?"
"Yesenia..."
"Go on."
"I am truly sorry that I have not completely thought through all of the particulars. This has all happened rather quickly, you know. I wasn't expecting to fall in love with you. It just happened. I didn't even realize it until this morning. When I first saw you in the park, I was fascinated by your beauty. I started to recognize that you were a special woman when we fucked on the balcony, and after yesterday in front of the maid I couldn't stop thinking about you. But it wasn't until I this morning that I understood the depths of my feelings. When I saw you battered and vulnerable, but still fighting--that's when I felt my heart ache for you.
"Since I have fallen in love with you, I have had to revise some of my plans. I don't know all of the details, yet, but I do know three things. Number one, I love you. Number two, I must leave in sixty days. Number three, I want you to come with me. The next step is up to you. If you are going to come with me, then there are things that you must do before you can leave."
"Do you really want me to join you?"
"Yes, I do."
Yesenia wiped her eyes.
"Alright. I've made my decision."
"And?"
"I have to be to work in five hours, and I think I want you to make love to me one more time before I go in. After we're finished, I'll tell you. Are you up to it?"
"I think the better question is whether you will be up to working after I am through with you."
"There's only one way to find out."
"Indeed."

* * * *

I want to give special thanks to my beta reader, Etaski, whose ideas and suggestions were of tremendous assistance.