Just how big an orgy do we have here?
Thanks to my editor kenjisato. Also, to LanguageTool. Combined, they put me right. Any problems left all belong to me.
Don't forget to rate the story, and comment on it.
= = = = = = = = = =
Last week, Jewel told me she was engaged. Over the next several days, she told me all about him, and his reaction to Angel as a third. They both told me all about Mark Wagner, the man in Jewel's life. It seems they met in a coffee house not far from the law firm he worked for. It was also near where their apartment was, so they kept bumping into each other.
While this lifted my spirits, my depression was still there. What I did, did not sit well with me. That the ones who died deserved it, I agreed with. But being the instrument of that vengeance for Inanna is not something I'm cut out for. Killing one who is trying to kill me is a matter of survival, and does not carry the emotional weight that an execution does. I needed a way to find spiritual peace. Eventually, I remembered Mato Hatathli and his sand painting.
One evening, I called him up, and spoke with him about learning sand painting as a way to settle my mind. He told me he wanted to teach it to his latest apprentice shaman, and was curious to see if he could teach us at the same time. He also indicated it would take several weekends. I told him to call back, and I would make time. Two days later, he did, and we would start in two weekends.
I drove up the night before, and stayed at a local motel. I let Mato know I had arrived. In the morning, I arrived at his place just after nine, as he had asked. As I walked up, he greeted me.
"Hello, Becky Sue."
"Hello, Mato."
"What brings you to your decision?"
"A long story. Do we have time?"
"My apprentice is fetching groceries. He won't be back for nearly an hour."
So I told him the story, and why I have been depressed.
"What you describe is not uncommon in law enforcement. You have accepted that what you have done is right, but your empathy with the perps makes it hard to deal with. The ritual may not help you, but it will help you clear your mind of irrelevant things, which in turn may make it easier to process. Just so you know, the ritual is not perfect."
"I understand. Oh, by the way, I did do some sand painting as a token after I defeated some mages."
"Oh? And you come to me to learn?"
"Not the art. I want to learn the ritual behind it. I am enough of an artist that I was able to make a passable imitation, but I don't know what I saw: calming your mind through the art. I have tried the martial art techniques, but they have not worked well on my depression, so I decided I needed a different approach, and thought of you."
"You mentioned mages, tell me about them."
"The first found me, and attacked. I defeated him, and as he was responsible for trapping the small site of power. I turned him over to An, the god who was involved with the site. He is no longer a concern, and may yet live. I don't know, nor care. The next came after I freed the site into a new location. I expect you felt the effects of that."
"I did? What effects would that be?"
"The Storm."
"There are many storms, why would I note it?"
"Over Death Valley?"
His eyes got really big. "You were responsible for it?"
"I actually became part of it for a time."
"I think I need to revise my estimate of your power again. By a large amount."
"Most of that power was An's, not mine. I only directed it, mostly. Even so, I'm glad few died."
"Yeah. That hurricane set all sorts of records. A fair amount of damage, and I am sure quite a few learned it was supernatural."
"That's why the second mage came. I am linked to Death Valley now, and so when someone started messing about magically, I felt it. When I confronted him, he attacked. After I took him down, I took him home and took away his magic books and his talismans. He might try to be a powerful mage again, but he will know to be more careful. The third was another who tried to do the same. She was a lot harder to defeat, but I did in the end. I did to her the same as the last one, but I had to do more, as she had a contract with a demon, and had the demon's hand in place of one of hers."
"What? It takes a lot of power to bind a demon."
"She was known as Kate Demon Hand. I caused her body to reject it, and the demon blood, which in turn broke her contract. I have since learned the demon came to collect, and she is no longer alive."
"I have heard of her. She's supposed to be one of the most powerful mages about."
"I was told she wasn't just one of them, but actually the strongest. And she was well protected, from magic, mental, and physical attacks. But a fifty-pound staff moving very quickly hits much harder than a bullet. Even so, it only knocked her out. I had to use an exorcism ritual to weaken her enough to let my other abilities work."
"Wow."
"The fourth mage, however, was different. He came to learn, not to gain power. I questioned him, then asked An to check him out. An decided he would make a good guardian."
"You let a mage be a guardian for a spiritual power?"
"If a god is happy with him, who am I to say otherwise?"
"A point."
"So, I've taken him under my wing to teach him, with the intent of making him a better guardian, not unlike your apprentices."
We spoke a bit more, before falling into a comfortable silence. Eventually, a truck pulled up.
"This is my apprentice." We got up and helped him unload. "Roger, I'd like to introduce Becky Sue Tate. Becky Sue, this is Roger Chadwick."
"Hello, Roger."
"Hello, Becky Sue."
We got everything settled in the cabin, and then Mato told us to follow him. We fell in behind, as he led the way to his workshop. "Here, each of you, take a set." He pointed to a pair of carriers with empty jars. I recognized the symbols on the lid, as the same I copied to the large stone jars I made and saw them still where I left them. Going over to them, in fact, he told us the name of each symbol, and its meaning, and then directed us to fill the corresponding jar. We then followed him, each with our own sand carrier, to the painting rock. As we walked, he told us about the ritual, and its meaning.
"Roger, Becky Sue, this ritual is not about art. What you create may be beautiful or ugly. It matters not, for it is about your mind and spirit that the ritual is about. I know Becky Sue is an artist, so I expect her paintings to be interesting, but that is secondary, and much more suited to the tourists. Freeing your mind and spirit is the hard part.
"Each color of sand has its own meaning. These meanings are not words of a story you create, but rather words to inspire your thoughts. As you pour the sand, think about the word and its meaning. When you feel you have thought about it sufficiently, choose another color and think about its word. Usually, you will use all the colors, but sometimes you will feel a need to skip a color because the other words need to be more expressed. The words you focus on will guide your thoughts, and the art is just a byproduct.
"Another aspect is making the sand flow just right. Each flows at its own pace. You must concentrate to make it flow as you need it, and not too fast. If it falls too slow, it may make you lose focus, but that is easier to handle. For this first attempt, I want you to make a small painting, perhaps one foot in diameter. As you pick up a jar and put sand into your hand, I want you to say the word of the symbol on the lid. While you pour the sand, I want you to speak your thoughts on the word. As far as art is concerned, work on an even flow of sand. I will show you the speed it should fall. Just spread it evenly, starting in the center, and just making the circle larger as you go around the edge. Change colors as needed. Roger, you'll begin first."
Mato demonstrated the flow, and worked with Roger to get him started. A few times, Mato had to correct Roger on the word, and helped him to pour sand. Fifteen minutes later, Mato told Roger to stop. They spoke for another fifteen minutes about what everything meant, and how the thoughts reflected Roger's inner thoughts. Now, it was my turn. While my memory is not perfect, it was more than up to the task of remembering the words for each symbol. When it came to speaking my thoughts, I did my best to give them free rein. My rock sense allowed me to have a more refined level of control of the sand, but I did not use my ability over sand to affect it.
"Becky Sue, I am surprised again."
"How so?"
"I thought you would use far more control on your thoughts. I didn't expect you to be this open."
"If I am to learn, I must do as you say. You want unrestrained thoughts, then that is what I shall do. I am mildly concerned should I accidentally mention secrets, but I trust you, and also your choice of my fellow student."
"You are so young. How did you become so wise? And I am humbled by your trust."
We then spoke about what I had said, and how it reflected my own inner thoughts. He also spoke as to how they showed my inner turmoil. We spoke for maybe fifteen minutes. Mato then told us to sit and reflect on our thoughts, and also on the other's thoughts. He then closed his eyes, and I could sense he was listening to us. I thought about what I said, and what Roger had said, while we waited for him to speak. We contemplated our words for nearly half an hour, when Mato finally spoke.
Mato spoke to us and how to use the words to direct our thoughts, and how to use our thoughts to clear our concerns by seeing them truly. He gave examples drawn from what we said. He also pointed out how we also had similarities to each other. He gave us instructions to contemplate our thoughts even as we thought them. This time, I went first. He let us go for over twenty minutes, as our expressed thoughts took longer. Likewise, discussing them took longer. When he finished talking with Roger, he had us meditate again, for nearly half an hour. Next he spoke to us, even as he had us pack up and return the carriers to the shed.
Over lunch, we talked casually about ourselves. Mato wanted us to know about each other. "Roger, Becky Sue here is a powerful priestess, old school style. She has some divine powers, and has already faced several mages. Becky Sue, Roger is an apprentice shaman. I have been teaching him for some years. He also has some spiritual and magical abilities. Roger, why don't you tell Becky Sue a little about what I taught you recently."
"Okay. Mato taught me to tune into the land about me, and feel the animals nearby. I have to still my mind, and listen, which is quite hard. But in time, I have learned to tell what animals are nearby, and even a bit about its health."
"Why don't you show her?"
"Right. Give me a moment..." Roger closed his eyes, and I could sense him stilling his mind. "I can sense some deer that way, about seven hundred yards or so."
I focused and looked for them where he pointed. "Yes, I see them. Four adults and three fawns. They seem at ease."
"You can tell that much?"
"I told you, she is powerful."
"I can. Before Mato and I knew each other, I had a limited ability. But when I went into the waterfall, my inner senses for life were greatly enhanced. I could feel the life about me, and even the cycles they followed. I lost track of time, but emerged three days later, where I found Mato waiting for me."
"You've been to the falls? Mato, how is this possible?"
"She asked, and when questioned, she answered honestly. Her desire was to purify herself from psychic debris, and the falls chose to grant her desire. Becky Sue, why don't you show something you recently learned."
"I'll need some materials first." So I summoned a pile of sand to the table.
"Woah! That's cool."
"Hush, Roger. That isn't what she learned."
I could see Roger was eager to ask a question, so I started moving the sand around, creating patterns on the table. "While in the desert, I made a connection with it. I can now move sand about."
"Doesn't seem too useful."
"Roger, that depends on your imagination. Watch." I then caused the sand to whirl about and surround his head without touching it. "Tell me, how easy it is to see?"
"Not very. My apologies, I lacked imagination."
"No problem." I then relocated sand to the center of the table as a little whirlwind. "This is a tiny amount of sand. I can affect a lot more, but control decreases the more that is controlled." I then caused the sand to return to the pile, and then I dismissed it. "No need to leave a mess." Mato laughed at that.
"What's so funny?"
"She was about to clean up another mess when I asked her to leave it."
"Why would that be funny?"
"You know those odd rocks out front?"
"Yeah?"
"They started out as one large, oddly shaped rock. She used her fighting abilities, and divine power, and demolished it barehanded."
"Impossible."
"True, but then so are a lot of the skills you are learning as a shaman."
"Oh yeah. Still, it seems odd."
I spoke, "It is odd only since you are not used to it. You, at least, grew up knowing that you might be a shaman, and you had an idea what a shaman did. Mato said I was an old school priestess. I grew up without much thought to religion, and suddenly, a goddess I thought was just a story yanks me out of my comfortable life and places me into conflict as her chosen one. I had to learn on the job, starting from scratch. Since then, my life has been far more interesting, and dangerous."
"Dangerous?"
"Yes. I have had a number of people try to kill me, including three mages, one of whom was quite powerful."
"Then why are you here?"
"I am not perfect. There is much I don't know, or even understand. Earlier, he spoke about my thoughts and how they were troubling me. It is my hope that learning the ritual, will allow me to restore my mental balance."
"Yes, Roger. She is powerful. But raw power is not the goal. Useful in a fight, but it is better to find a way to be in harmony. Enough for now. Let's go back and continue with the lesson."
We cleaned up and headed back to pick up our carriers. While there, Mato said, "I hope the weather holds. There is supposed to be a lot of rain this afternoon."
"Don't worry; the weather will not be a problem."
"You think so?"
"I know so. I have some experience with storms." At that, Mato's eyes got big, and I just nodded. Roger didn't notice our exchange. We had our second lesson, and whenever I had a break, I would examine the weather and adjust things. While a weather front passed us, I caused the rain to go on either side of Mato's place.
This afternoon's session was much like the morning, but Mato commented on our expressed thoughts as we spoke them, to help guide us both in learning how to direct our thoughts even as we let them flow freely. While Roger was up, I opened my mind to Mato's thoughts, listening to whatever leaked. It helped me to understand what he was getting at. We finished up shortly before dinner. Mato walked me to my car.
"So, the rain missed us. Your doing?"
"Yes. I kept it local as I didn't want to disturb the normal cycle."
"So, just how big can you control?"
"I don't truly know. The storm was not fully under control, and I wasn't fully aware the whole time, either. However, there was an earlier hurricane shortly after I filmed on location near Mexico City. It was a Category 4, at four-hundred-miles across. I dropped it to a Category 1. I was more interested in reducing the death count, and didn't want too much interest in unusual weather. You no doubt have seen the interest in the storm. I don't want that attention."
"Have you used that power in other ways?"
"Yes. I occasionally hang glide, and controlling the winds can have a great effect when gliding. I have also called Lightning. In fact, that was the surprise that had my dragon friend worried. Since then, I have learned how to harness the power more directly, and have lightning come from my hands. It's how I knocked out my first mage."
"Roger is right. You are a badass woman. Yet, the more I know of you, I see a woman of peace. You are a paradox."
"It is the way of the warrior. Extremely lethal when needed, yet, a pleasant companion when such is not needed. A killer, on the other hand, may be as lethal, but can't contain it when not needed. They are dangerous to be around all the time. A warrior limits herself to only attack the enemy, and to protect the innocent."
"No wonder the press gets in your face all the time. They haven't seen your lethal side. Have any?"
"Only a handful that understand they saw it. However, there is a scene in a recent film where I battle a summoned monster. That was a real summoned monster from that first mage, but I was able to make it look like it was supposed to be in the film. Some questions were asked, but nothing ever came of it. The director loved it, so it was in the final cut."
"We'll have to talk more on this. In the meantime, we'll start earlier tomorrow."
We exchanged details. "I'll see you then." I went to the diner, and the waitress remembered me. I enjoyed a large dinner and left a nice tip, before going back to the motel. The next day went about the same, but I noted that Mato spent more time with Roger than me. After we finished, Mato walked me to my car.
"I noticed you spent more time with Roger. Is it something important?"
"Not really. It is taking him longer to 'get it' than you, so I need to spend more time guiding him."
"I thought it might be something like that. Is it something I can help with?"
"Perhaps. But I am able to spend more time with him, so I want to use your example to spur him on."
"Be careful. If I get too far ahead of him, he may give up. If you need me to hold back, just let me know."
"I shall. Thanks. I'll see you next weekend."
"Till later, then."
Two weekends later, Mato called me aside, and said, "You are getting too far ahead, and Roger has noticed."
"Can I help?"
"I don't see how."
"Remember I mentioned Kate had mental defenses?"
"Hmm... Yeah, I remember."
"I know because I encountered it. Attacking is only one aspect of my mental skills."
"You can help him learn?"
"Perhaps. But I was thinking instead, was allowing you to 'see' his thoughts, so you could shape your guidance. This would mean I read his mind, and speak to you by thought. It is an invasion, but I am willing if you think it would help. I would prefer he knows."
"You can do that?"
I answered in thought, "Yes. If you think I should."
"I will think on it."
Later, back at practice, Mato said, "Roger, Becky Sue has certain abilities that I think we could use to help you. Will you let her help you?"
"I don't need her help. I can do it on my own."
I stayed out of it, as he was Mato's student, not mine.
"I know you can. But the time it is taking is more than I expected. But it is my hope, that she can help you find your way."
"What would she be doing?"
Mato looked at me. "I would be helping Mato see things from your point of view. It would allow him to find a better way to instruct you that fits the way your mind works. Hopefully, this will speed up your learning."
"Would it hurt?"
"You might not even be aware of it, so no."
"Are you doing it now?"
"No, but I could be lying. You would need to trust me, as I cannot give you proof I am not doing it now."
He was quiet for a while, and then said, "Mato, can I trust her?"
"I cannot make that decision for you. She is powerful, far more powerful than me, but chooses friendship over power. I trust her."
"You are right. I must make that decision. Becky Sue, earlier you said you trusted Mato, and also his choice of me. I also trust him, so I feel I can trust you. It is scary, trusting someone you barely know."
"Learning to trust has gained me many friends. Some have abused or broken that trust, but on the whole, I think the reward is worth the risk. Not just here, but in general."
"Mato is right. You are wise for being so young."
"In time, you will be also. Perhaps you will even become wise before you become a Shaman."
"Yeah, right. So okay, how will this work?"
"Let me get behind you, and place a hand on your back. That should be enough." I got up and did so. "Mato, I am ready."
"Let's begin."
At that, I began to scan Roger's thoughts to see how he understood things. I spoke in thought to Mato, "I am ready to guide you. If you need to speak to me, just think the words you would say, and of me, and I will 'hear' you."
And so began an odd three-way learning. Usually, I would describe what Roger understood, but sometimes I gave direct access to Mato to show him. I also made suggestions on how to phrase things. When Mato asked how long I could go, I told him this was only taking a small amount of effort, so I could go as long as he needed. When we took a break, I removed my hand, so Roger could feel he was not under my influence. He, in turn, relaxed.
At the end of the day, I asked Mato, "Has my assistance helped?"
"Yes, I think it has. We got a lot more done than the previous days. But I am concerned about your learning."
"While what you did today I have already learned, I was able to get more out of it as the leakage from your thoughts gave me a better understanding. I also think that as you teach him, I can learn, as well. At least, I am willing to try learning this way."
"Leakage? Were you reading my mind?"
"To speak as we did, I had to contact your mind. It takes a lot of skill to keep strong thoughts private. Your thoughts were about what you were teaching, so you need not be worried."
"Just how well can you read thoughts, and how far?"
"I honestly don't know how far. I could read his from here easily. I don't know my range. As to how well, I have done interrogations against hostile minds and gained the information I sought, so I would say I am pretty good at it."
"You become more dangerous as I learn more about you."
"Are you worried?"
"Actually, I think you scare me with what you could do. Yet, The Falls say you are not evil, and are not motivated by power. And my own truth sense tells me you truly are a friend."
"Sometimes, I am scared of what I can do. Yet, I know I will be judged by my actions, even if only by myself. It is not in me to be evil. Being naughty, however, is second nature. But naughty is nice, if it is wanted."
The next several weekends, Mato focused almost exclusively on Roger, as I was picking it all up in passing. I also think I got an even better understanding, as I could see it from both their points of view. I practiced at home with my own set of sand jars. While I was working on calming my mind, I also asked Aja to supply me with the image of some animal or plant to paint, and then when I finished, she told me about it.
The day finally arrived when Mato asked me not to assist. He had Roger do a sand painting all on his own. When he finished, Mato waited for Roger to speak.
Ten minutes later, Roger said, "I did it. My mind is calm."
"Yes, Roger. You actually were ready last time. This time was to show you that you can do it. Why don't you collect your stuff and put it away? Then wander near the cabin, contemplating what this means for you. We will meet you for dinner."
Mato waited for Roger to leave, before saying, "I have neglected your training in favor of his. I am sorry."
"You were not speaking to me, but I did listen and learn. Might I try on my own?"
"If you wish. I will observe."
I selected a blank area, and began. I decided to paint an eagle in flight, so I set that image in my mind, and began the process of calming my mind. I allowed my subconscious to control the painting, and focused on stilling my thoughts. My practice at home helped, as it only took a few minutes to achieve the calm I sought. However, my painting was so detailed, I needed nearly half an hour to complete it. For most of the time, I was barely aware of my movement. I am not even sure if I was looking. When I finished, I returned the last of the sand in my hand back to the jar, and sat back.
I sat for another couple of minutes, resting in the calm state, before I spoke. "I am calm. I don't feel the depression. It may come back, but not for a while, I think."
"I sense your calm. It is even making me calm. You are right. You have learned the mental part of sand painting. As for the other, you did the impossible."
"What do you mean?"
"Look at what you did. It is like a photograph in its detail, and the eagle looks alive and ready to soar away. Not only that, but for at least the latter half, your eyes were closed. If I tried that, it would be ruined. Yours, instead, seemed to come alive. Do you have any explanation?"
"It must be my divine abilities. I can sense the sand directly, so I can select the color I need. I can also move the sand, so when it falls, I can have it land in the correct position. But this was done subconsciously, as I was deliberately focusing on the calming thoughts and paying little attention to what my hands were doing."
"I don't know that I could do that. It took me years to go from Roger's level of painting to what you saw, yet you managed to eclipse me in just a few weeks."
"Please don't be offended or ashamed. When I came to you, I was already an artist, with the jewelry I make. Also, during the week, I practiced using images of plants and animals held in my mind as I spilled out the sand. By now, I have learned to keep track of the jars, so I know where each color is, and I have learned to make the careful slow stream of sand fall from my hand. I have used my divine senses for feedback, so I can place things just right. Lastly, decades of martial arts means I know how to precisely place my hands, so moving them to paint is simple."
"I hadn't thought of that. Striking with precision requires the same skills that placing your hands to drop sand does. Still, doing it without looking was something."
"I may not have been using my eyes, but I was looking. Just not with the ordinary senses."
"Now, I understand. Still, that is a level of harmony I don't think I have ever achieved. So, shall we collect Roger and get dinner going?"
"Okay. He's that way."
We walked and met him. Mato just said, "Dinner in one hour." Roger nodded, and the two of us went to the cabin.
Mato asked if I could go to the store and get some steaks for a celebration. I did, and also picked up some beer, veggies, and pie. When I pulled out my bounty, Mato was surprised at the quantity and quality of the food. I just told him not to worry, I can afford it, and his training is well worth it. So I assisted him on his barbecue. I even made skewers for the corn on the cob, as he didn't have any. He did have foil, so I didn't have to summon some. He did ask why I bought extra steaks, so I told him I would be eating two. I asked if Mato would like a picnic table to eat at, so we could enjoy the good day. He said that would be nice, so I made a concrete table, but I pulled chairs from the house, as they would be more comfortable.
Roger showed up just before dinner was ready. He joined me at the picnic table, and Mato finished up at the grill, and brought everything over. Conversation was about proper grilling technique, and the fact we had both graduated. Afterwards, they both said goodbye, since I would not be seeing either in the foreseeable future.
Back home, having learned to clear my depression, I was better able to focus on things, including the fight training I was giving for another martial arts movie.
I was at an after party for someone else's movie when I met Jewel and her fiancé, Mark Wagner. She called out, "Becky Sue, come here."
I came over and checked out the man whose hand she was holding. "You must be Mark. I'm Becky Sue Tate. You may have heard of me as Helen Asher, or even Nigkala."
"I have seen a number of your movies. You never fail to get me revved up. Jewel loves that."
"Yes, he gets quite worked up. Sometimes in our play, I pretend to be one of your characters, as you are really hot in all those films."
"Wow. Having my films make you horny means I am doing my job. Getting turned on by someone pretending to be me is even better. Jewel is a good friend, and you make her happy. I am glad for you. Have you set a date yet?"
Jewel replied, "No. We want to do it in a few months, but I am finding difficulty finding a wedding dress that fits. I want a fancy one, but the alterations are beyond most places and of those willing, they don't have a dress that I really like."
"You know, I have had to make my clothes for decades. I know all the problems of our form. Why don't I make one for you?"
"You would do that?"
"Sure. It can be my wedding gift. As far as what it looks like, why not visit, and bring pictures of what you want for the various parts. If you have materials you want to use, I can use them. You can also look through my closets for further inspiration. You know, I have 'interesting' outfits."
"I'll say. I've seen some in person, and seen others in the scandal sheets or on screen. I don't think I want to be quite that blatant, but naughty could be fun. I'll call you soon."
"I shall look forward to that."
Mark spoke up, and looking at Jewel, he said, "Honey, wedding dresses are a lot of hard work. Are you sure you want an amateur to make it?"
"She's no amateur. She's a member in good standing of the costumers' union, and is a licensed costumer. If she says she can do it, I trust her."
"I thought she was an actress."
"She is. She is also much more. All in the profession learn all sorts of things, and she more than most. She is a Renaissance lady, a polymath, and one of the smartest women I know."
"Wow. I didn't know."
I spoke up, "If you want to see all my creds, check out Wikipedia. They have most, but not all. I keep some private."
Jewel spoke, "Yeah, we don't tell everything, do we, Mark." She winked at him, and I saw him blush.
I took my leave to mingle, and I spoke with a number of people. I even got wind of another Mortal Kombat script being written with me as the main character. Definitely a juicy rumor that I'll have to mention to my agent and see what he can find out.
A few days later, Jewel called, and we set up a time to talk about her dress. As I felt there would be a lot to discuss, I suggested she stay for the weekend. On Friday, she came, but she also brought Angel. While I offered them adjoining rooms, they declined, and wanted to share one. We talked a little about her vision for the wedding. She said they wanted to invite lots of people, and get married in Vegas. She didn't want to do a Sumerian wedding, as it would not likely go over too well. However, a justice of the peace would do fine. They wanted to have the reception nearby.
I mentioned that large weddings have large bills. She said they had it covered. Their only big concern was the dress, as all the other things could be handled one way or another. In the morning, after breakfast, we met in their room, and she pulled out all the pictures. I opened my mind to listen to hers, to see what about each picture she liked in a more direct way than just words. She also gave me her ideas on what she wanted the whole dress to be and the kind of statement it was to make. This took up most of the morning, so we decided to have an early lunch before checking out my outfits.
I led the expedition into my closets with the movie costumes. She loved how sexy they were, but they tended to be a bit too blatant. Still, she got some ideas. She loved the premier outfit for Obsidian with the hidden lighting, and also the glowing earrings from Tina. Next, I led the way through the party outfits. These were also a bit much, but a lot closer to being acceptable. When I showed her the qipaos, she said I just have to wear one, as it really showed off my assets well, while also showing I was a warrior. Angel asked if she could wear something like it, and Jewel said sure. But it was in the everyday clothes that she had the greatest reaction. She discovered my flying outfit. When I told her I wore just the skirt and top for hang gliding, followed by hanging out at the club afterwards, both their jaws dropped.
"You mean this was all you wore?"
"Yes, Jewel, while it is a bit light for ordinary flying, I manage with a little divine help. No, not her, but another. No matter, it is when I land and relax afterwards that things get interesting. I've taken to using a local golf course as my launch and landing point. When I land, I pack up and head for the club. Usually, someone has noticed I landed, and they have a lookout. By now, they know I like to eat some burgers and drink a few beers. While I do it, I let them eat me out, and play with my breasts. When I finish my meal, and can use my hands, I let the guys do me, and I sometimes eat out a gal or three. After a few hours of this gang bang, I call it a night and head home. I never bother to close my top, and drive home breasts out. I tell Filipe the highlights the next time we have sex."
"No one ever complained?"
"You forget, Inanna's blessing lets us get away with a lot, and as I am having lots of sex, she keeps things quiet."
Angel spoke up, "Yeah, I've noticed that. And you were right, that wearing the holy symbol lets us get away with more than we would otherwise. Did you wear yours?"
"No, but I have been her priestess long enough, to know how to draw in her power and push it out as the same aura her symbol gives during sex."
"We can do that?"
"Yes, Angel, we can."
I then told them of how I had developed the flying outfit as a three layer outfit, with the same fabric. I showed them how the combined layers made it almost opaque. Jewel thought that was really neat, and decided that she wanted that kind of effect if she could get it. So I showed her another outfit that had a variable opacity of fabric, with it being opaque over the vagina, but becoming near transparent farther away.
After dinner, I offered to model the outfits, so she could see how they fit my four-breasted figure. This would give her an idea of how I can fit her. In the morning, they talked with each other to decide what they wanted. I monitored Jewel's thoughts, and sketched a number of ideas as she and Angel hammered out what they wanted. I also sketched assorted jewelry to go with each outfit I sketched.
Her final decision was a short-sleeved number with deep cleavage and a skirt just above the knee. She wanted it in off-white, embroidered with erotic images in almost the same color, like I did with Tina's outfit. Overtop the skirt was a wraparound skirt and train. She also had a sleeveless vest that went over her shirt. The veil would be a very transparent white, while the gloves would be white lace past the elbow. She wanted the long skirt and train to be very transparent, but have just enough to hide what the semi-transparent covered part allowed to be seen. She also loved the idea of variable transparency, and decided to use that feature also. This would allow everyone to see the groom place his hands under her skirt to retrieve the black garter belt. She said she would not be wearing underwear.
We decided on the sketch, and modified it a bit to make it exactly what she wanted. She tried on my flying outfit to test the feel, and was satisfied with the feel. So I went online and ordered test samples in the colors she wanted, and we would meet next weekend to determine the required opacity needed. We then went swimming until dinner, which we had outside with Filipe. After dinner, the girls had sex with Filipe, and I did Cindy. Tammy kept us supplied with drinks. Finally, after a short rest, they packed and headed home.
The next weekend, we examined the transparency of the samples and decided how transparent each part should be. To do this, Jewel had to get naked, while Angel held the sample and read the numbers to me. We did this by the pool, so we could get good natural lighting, as the outfit would be seen in bright lights like this. I inquired if she would be shaving her pubic hair, as it would likely be seen as a darker area under the dress. Then we made measurements of her size and form. We had a few problems because Angel kept playing with Jewel's body, but after a while, we got all the measurements. Once I had written all the information, I put it to the side, and we all went for a swim. Later that day, I ordered the material. As that was all we could do for the day with regards to the dress, they left after the swim.
The next two weeks' free time was spent making the basic outfit, and I had Jewel come over to try it on before I started sewing everything together. Right now, it just was held together by a lot of pins. We were able to verify the opacity was sufficient, and didn't need any adjustment. A few days later, it was all sewn together, and I had Jewel give it a try. We didn't find any issues, so I could begin the more time-consuming embroidering.
While I was working on the wedding dress, Angel called me in private to talk about her own dress. She asked to come over, and I invited her.
"Becky Sue, I am having the same difficulty as Jewel. I cannot find a qipao that fits. I really like how it looks, and I want to wear one, but I am having a problem finding one that fits."
"Have you checked all the local clothes makers?"
"No, but I have checked all those that do make fancy dresses. I have even checked a fair number of other sites online. Most give up once they learn I have four breasts. They just don't have the imagination to adapt. I don't know how to make clothes, so I cannot make it myself."
"I see. Have you decided what you want it to look like? The material? Any patterning or decoration?"
"I have a fairly good idea, but I don't know enough about clothes to really make it pop."
"You need to be careful there. You don't want to outshine the bride."
"I know. But as it is now, I have nothing to wear. While she might appreciate my showing up nude, I don't think it would be accepted."
"Yeah, that would be shining brighter than her, but in a different way."
"What do you suggest I do?"
"Come with me." I led her to my office to get my sketchpad. "Describe the outfit you want." I opened my mind to read her mental images, and proceeded to make a sketch from her description, and I prompted her for anything she failed to describe.
I showed it to her. "Yes, that's what I want to look like."
"I can make you a qipao, but you need to purchase the material. And when I am done, it will only be the base dress, without any enhancement. However, it will fit you, and any dressmaker can do the enhancements you want. Once you get the material, you will need to stay a weekend."
"I can do that. I can say I'm visiting family, which oddly enough is true."
I wrote up a description of the amount of material needed, and some parameters on any designs or patterns. A few days later, she told me she had made her purchases. I asked when she could come over, and we settled on this weekend. She came early Saturday, so we could get an early start.
The first thing was to examine the material and see what kind of material she chose. I found it was quite thin, but also flowed nicely. The next step was to take measurements. I added these to my sketch. The next step was cutting the material. We moved to my cosplay shop, where I had all sorts of tools to make things quick and easy. Angel was surprised at how fast I was cutting, and the fact that I wasn't actually measuring. I told her the measurements were the minimum amount of material. My cutting added about three inches, so that I could trim after fitting them together. Then I threw them into the wash, to make them shrink before I started to put it all together. I suggested a swim and have lunch while we waited.
With all the pieces cut, washed, and dried, I started assembling it, using a lot of pins. I then had her put it on, and then stand still while I adjusted the safety pins, starting from the most critical seams out. When the innermost half was completed, I had her take it off. I then sewed the innermost seams with my sewing machine. I had her put it back on, while I checked the new seams, and then started adjusting the rest of the pins. After more sewing, she put it back on to check the fit. I didn't find any problems, so she took it off, and I processed all the seams, reinforcing where needed, and trimming excess material before ironing the seams flat. Then, turning it right-side-in, I had her put it on and check herself in the mirror.
"I can't believe it. You did it." She moved about, and walked back and forth a bit. "It fits like a glove, and flows nicely. How are you so good at this?"
"I have been making my own clothes for decades, for the same reason. Commercial clothing doesn't fit, so I need custom. It was more obvious due to my size, but my breasts were also an issue. So I learned to sew, and have done so ever since. I have very little commercial clothing of my own, and I even taught my four breasted daughters to sew, so they could make clothes that fit. Most of the time they buy a top that is nice, but a bit large for them, and then they make adjustments to make it fit. That way they don't have to worry about buttons, pockets, and such."
"It must take a lot of time to learn all that stuff."
"Actually, it doesn't. Initially, nearly all my clothes were the same pattern, but different fabrics and colors. I had found a pattern that fit, and I just made the same pattern again and again. You could start the same. Start simple and perfect it before moving to another form. Unlike me, you won't have to cope with a body that is growing all the time as you learn."
"Okay, I'll check online. I'm sure I can find some videos to teach me."
"If you need help, come see me after the wedding. For now, you can take your new dress to a shop to gussy it up however you like. You might want to insist on wearing it in front of them to show it fits before you let them have it. Maybe wear it in, and have a change of clothes for when you give it to them. Do tell them it has been washed already, so they don't make assumptions about shrinkage."
"I will. Thank you; I don't know how I'll ever repay you."
"Don't worry. Just be there for your friend on her special day. She has a lot on her shoulders preparing."
"I know. I volunteered for some of it."
"Well, at least you have a dress to wear, so that's one less worry."
"True. Again, thanks."
With that, she packed up and left. As I had kept Jewel appraised with my estimated completion date, the wedding was scheduled for next month. Two weeks before, Jewel and Angel came for a final fitting. It was perfect. They left happy, and with the dress.
Filipe and I arrive the day before the wedding, and entered our suite. I went early to the bridal party to help get everyone dressed to the nines, and to be sure the bride outshone everyone else. Angel was the Maid of Honor, and I knew two of the bridesmaids. Half an hour before the ceremony, I left to hook up with Filipe and get our seats. We saw Mark and company waiting nearby, as the service wasn't going to start for a bit. At the top of the hour, they took their places, and we waited only three minutes for Jewel and her ladies. It took them nearly ten minutes to walk up to the front and line up opposite of the men.
There must have been three hundred people in attendance, not counting the bridal party or paparazzi. Yet the place was very quiet, and everyone could hear the exchanging of vows. I was seated at the outside edge of the bride's side, so I wouldn't block anyone's view. It also gave me a fairly good view of Mark's face for the vows, and I could see he was very happy. When the Justice of the Peace said, 'You may kiss the bride,' most expected a restrained kiss. But I saw the desire in Mark's eyes, and could sense Jewel's desire as well. It may have started restrained, but only lasted a second before becoming more intense. That's when I felt their desire strengthen and begin to include the guests. We all watched as their passion rose, and their kiss became more intense. I clearly saw Mark's hands grab her butt, and I could see she was pushing her breasts into him. Around me, I felt a response from the crowd, getting them worked up a bit. Then the moment was over.
They exited first, and waited to greet everyone as they went from the wedding chapel to the reception hall. Filipe and I congratulated them as we passed. The reception started with a meal, then with the tossing of the bridal bouquet and the garter belt. Some noticed that when the bride came in without the outer layer of her wedding dress, that it showed a bit more. But it was when her husband fetched the garter that everyone realized that her skirt was more transparent farther from the groin, because he pushed it up a few inches to get his hands in on the belt. By that point, it was clear she shaved her vagina and wasn't wearing underwear.
When he rose up, everyone could see the bulge in his pants, indicating he was decently endowed. They followed the tossing of the garter with their dance, then the dance with their parents. What followed was unexpected. The best man took the mike and said, "Ladies and gentlemen. A word, please. At this time, the family portion of this reception has finished. In half an hour, the adult portion will begin. Those who do not want to partake of a more adult party should leave shortly. There will be music to dance to until then. Thank you."
Perhaps ten percent of the guests departed. Filipe and I chose to dance, as did a lot of others. I did notice the paparazzi seemed to be increasing. When the time came, Angel took the mike and said, "Ladies and gentlemen. The couple has chosen to use an ancient rite of marriage: the wedding bed, with witnesses to see that they consummate their wedding." While she was talking, staff wheeled in a pair of hotel beds, and pushed them together. The couple got on either side of a bed, and stripped in front of everyone. The Bride handed her clothes to the Best Man, and the Groom to the Maid of Honor. They then went to the center of the beds, and began to have sex.
As they began, Inanna let me hear Jewel's prayer to get pregnant by her husband, and she also told me she would, no matter who else she has sex with this night. The last bit got me wondering what was up. But soon everyone was drawn to the happy couple, and saw their passion as they had sex. Again, their passion seemed to grow and catch those near them. When she got off of him and lay beside him, everyone saw he was still hard. Someone handed them the mike.
Together, they said, "It is time to begin the orgy." They handed the mike back. They separated a bit more, and then the groomsmen and bridesmaids moved the beds apart, with one on each. The Maid of Honor then undressed and handed her clothing to a bridesmaid, and the Best Man handed his to a groomsman. The Maid of Honor then mounted the Groom, and the Best Man impaled the Bride. As everyone watched, staff brought out several more beds and spaced them about. The sexual energy of the two couples, however, seemed to get even more intense. That's when I noticed I was beginning to feel echoes of their sexual energy from other places in the crowd.
By the time the two couples came, four were ready to step in. The Bride and Groom stayed in the central area, but the others walked to a bed on the side of the hall, without bothering to dress. With four couples going at it, the echoes of sexual energy seemed to go to the next level. I could feel that wherever it was coming from, those nearby started acting more horny. I also saw those near me do likewise, and then realized I was somehow adding to this effect.
"Yes, daughter, you are. Jewel wanted a blowout orgy for her wedding, and I have made it happen. Enjoy yourself."
I told Filipe, and he suggested we get in line for the newlyweds before it gets too long, so we did. When I was next in line for the groom, one of the naked bridesmaids said she would take my clothes, and asked my name. When it was my turn, I spoke a little as we began. "Hello Mark. Is this what you want?"
"Yes. Jewel has told me of your open marriage, and how well it works for you. We decided to do the same, especially considering Angel's place in her heart."
"Before too long, you should take a break to drink something. You will need to keep up your fluids."
"We thought of that. The wedding party will be sure to keep us well hydrated."
"Good. Then let's have some fun."
"Yes, let's."
At this point, we got serious, and soon we both came. When I got off him, I thanked him. Looking about, I saw Filipe waiting for me, still nude. I went over to him, also nude. "Waiting long?"
"No. Only a few moments. I get the feeling this orgy is going to be going for a while. What say we find a bed and do each other before we start finding others to partner."
"Sounds good to me. Let's go..." suddenly, I knew which bed would be empty shortly. "... over here." I grabbed his hand, and headed that way. Just as we got there, the couple parted and got off the bed. We got in and proceeded to go at it.
After we came, but before we parted, Filipe said, "I will stay for a while, but head up to the room later. You go ahead and stay as long as you want."
As Filipe got up, I spotted a guy eyeing me, so I stayed in bed and crooked my finger at him. It was close to three hours before a woman came to me, but once she did, I got both, and sometimes threesomes. It was near midnight when a naked guy came to me lugging a camera. When he got going, I asked, "Paparazzi?"
"Yes."
"Enjoy crashing the party?"
"Definitely. Um, you won't tell, will you?"
"As long as you tell it straight, I won't. Besides, I get the feeling there's going to be more than a few crashers to the party."
"Oh, really? How can you tell?"
"This is Sin City. I have the feeling someone wants a major orgy tonight."
Just then he came, and so I said, "Take a pic of me before you get off. Then go hunting for other good pics. Just remember, most here are not public figures, so be sure to identify and get permission before you sell."
Sometime later, there was a lull, so I took a break to see who was generating those sexual waves. The nearest was coming from the next bed over, and seemed to be emanating from the naked woman there. Looking at her, I did not recognize her, but I did recognize the symbol on her earring. It was Inanna's holy symbol. I moved on to the next one I felt, and I saw a tattoo of Inanna's symbol. After I checked out all the sources, most had a visible symbol of Inanna, and the ones that didn't, seemed to be weaker emanations.
I just got a drink when I suddenly felt a divine presence. I turned around and standing in front of me was Inanna, naked.
"Hello daughter. How do you like the orgy?"
"I like it a lot. But I noticed your mark on a number of the ladies. Is something going on that I should know?"
"Well.... I thought this would be a good time to have all the priestesses meet. Most came."
"Anything I can do to help?"
"Summon my symbol, and walk with me. Oh, be ready to make a few more symbols like you did for the bride." I nodded, and summoned the symbol. We walked to one of the priestesses who just finished with someone. As she walked, I felt my body become seriously aroused. I also noted others nearby getting aroused.
Inanna spoke as we stopped at the bed. "Hello, Charlene."
She looked up, and then she noticed my symbol. Then she realized I was standing back a little in deference. Putting two and two together, she gulped. "Are you... her?"
"Charlene, this is Inanna. I am Becky Sue."
She started to hyperventilate, so I sat down next to her and said, "Calm down. You can handle this."
"Oh my god. I can't believe it."
"Believe. I know she is a goddess, and I serve her just as you do. Why not invite her to join you?" she looked at me with a question in her eyes, so I nodded.
"Miss, um, Inanna, won't you join me?"
She sat on her other side and said, "Thank you for inviting me to join you. Let's have sex." I just nodded when she looked at me, so she lay down and reached for Inanna. I just sat and watched, not even masturbating. But when they came, so did I. Afterwards, she told me to give her a symbol, so I focused a moment and summoned one and handed it to her. She then gave it to Charlene, saying, "This symbol is a lot easier to show others than your tattoo. Also, others will give it more respect."
She looked at Inanna, and replied, "Thank you. I shall treasure it." She then looked at me and asked, "Your symbol is so large, and it fits your breasts so nicely. Did she give it to you?"
"No. With some assistance, I made it myself. Later, she gave it a major blessing, so it is more than a mere holy symbol."
"Yes, I knew she would be important here and now, so she is my high priestess."
"Woah! Uh, does this mean I have to obey her?"
"She knows me better than anyone else today. Think of her as an elder rather than a boss. Give her respect, seek her advice, but you must make your own choices. I am your boss, in that sense, not her. But as my high priestess, taking her advice is usually the best." She then leaned forward and gave her a kiss before getting up and walking away. I followed her to the next priestess. I gave a symbol to perhaps two thirds of them, but she did not go to Jewel or Angel.
"Don't worry; I'll visit Jewel and Angel later. It is time for me to go. You can send your symbol back, as I don't want to distract too much from her special day." I sent it back. She then pulled my head down, and we kissed deeply, and that made me come again. By the time I opened my eyes, she was gone. So I began to mingle, looking for anyone who desired sex, and it was late the next evening before the orgy broke up.
Near the end, I had sex with Jewel and Mark, who were now sharing a bed. "Congratulations, newlyweds. Great party. I'm surprised you're ready for more sex, Mark."
"Not as surprised as me! I took a Viagra, but that isn't supposed to last this long. It hasn't gone down yet."
I looked at Jewel, and asked, "Have you mentioned Inanna yet?"
"He knows."
"Yes, she told me. Seems odd to think she's a priestess to a make believe pagan goddess. But it makes her happy."
"Inanna is not make-believe. You've seen her holy symbol?"
"Yes. So?"
"So, this." I summoned mine. "I'm senior to her, and have experienced a lot more. She is real. I believe she is also the reason you haven't softened yet."
Privately, I asked, "Inanna, could you do me a favor? I would like to touch his dick and make it deflate, and then do it again to make it erect, and so convince him."
I felt her chuckle. "Go for it."
"Tell me, how quickly do you think you will soften?"
"I don't think it will be very fast or soon."
"Observe." I then touched his dick, and it instantly deflated. "Do you think that was a chemical reaction?"
"No. It shouldn't do that."
"And yet it did. Now watch Jewel and me for a bit, and see how aroused you get." I then reached out for her, and we began to make out with a lot of touching. We even managed to make each other come. After we parted, I asked, "Did that arouse you?"
"Yes, kinda. But nothing downstairs."
"Let me fix that." I then touched his dick again, and in instantly became erect, and quite hard. "Any explanations?"
"... No. That's not possible."
"Well, then, something unexplained is happening. We gave you an explanation that fits the observed facts. Are you willing to believe someone outside your understanding is doing something?"
"Well, maybe."
"Then to encourage you, a little reward is in order. Jewel, sit on his face." I then mounted him, and we teamed up to give him a great time. After he came, I dismounted, and cleaned him up. Jewel got off, and put his head in her lap to watch. As he was still erect, I barely touched his dick with my lips, but then proceeded to wrap it with my tongue.
When he realized what was happening, he said, "What? How are you doing that?"
Jewel replied, "Her tongue is very long, and she's very talented with it. I speak from experience."
"So I see... Um, I'm about to blow."
All I did was lean a little, and I deepthroated all nine inches in one quick motion, while continuing to play with his dick. My tongue then extended to his balls, and when he came, I started massaging them, milking every last drop. When he finished, I pulled off and kissed Jewel, transferring half of what I held. We then turned to him and showed him what was in our mouths before swallowing it.
"Jewel, when you return from your honeymoon, stop by. I have a small additional gift."
"You don't need to; the dress was worth so much more to me."
"Even so, I want to give it. Just consider it as something for a rainy day, or to pay for something you two really want."
"Thanks."
I bid them goodbye, and made another round looking for people still wanting sex. There were very few, so I felt the orgy was over. I then went over to the side where our clothes were stored and retrieved mine. Rather than dress, I just carried them back to our room. I took the long way through the crowd, enjoying their stares. I could feel Filipe was inside, so I knocked, and he opened the door. I leaned in and kissed him, then entered and closed the door. I headed for bed, and he joined me. At first, he just held me, casually playing with a nipple, but soon I was fast asleep.
Back home, I was still telling Filipe about that night when Jewel stopped by after her month-long honeymoon. She was by herself, but Mark was in the car waiting, so I told her I would be only a few moments. I returned with a small velvet bag, and handed it to her. She opened it, and looked inside.
"Are these what I think they are?"
"Yes. Assorted small gems, that in aggregate is likely about half a million in value."
"I can't accept this! You can't just give this kind of stuff away."
"Actually I can. I can summon such as often as I need. The only problem is explaining them, so I don't do it much, except for charity. Our own careers provide for us quite nicely, and this is just gravy. Be careful if you appraise them, because if anyone knows you have them, you might become a target. They are small enough to hide just about anywhere, or keep in a safe deposit box. Now go enjoy yourselves, as your pregnancy will soon be apparent."
"Huh? I'm not pregnant, am I? And if I am, I wonder who?"
"Inanna told me you would have Mark's child that night. Now give him the happy news."
"Definitely." She pulled my head down and gave me a quick French kiss, then rushed out to tell him.
Later that day I got a call. A new script is being shopped for a Mortal Kombat film, this time centering on Obsidian.
But that is another story...