Nigkala Tales Pt. 10: Costume Party
Villains have a lot of fun
Thanks to my editor kenjisato. Also, to LanguageTool. Combined, they put me right. Any problems left all belong to me.
Don't forget to rate the story, and comment on it.
= = = = = = = = = =
"So, what do you plan for this year's costume party?"
My husband's question vexed me because I didn't have a plan yet. "Filipe, I'm stuck. I don't feel inspired, and I don't want to repeat someone I have already done."
"Why not turn on the TV and flip channels. Maybe that will inspire you."
"Okay. I'll see what's on."
After watching for half an hour, my channel switching landed on a Bond marathon. I saw Bond fighting Jaws, and liking a good fight scene, I watched the rest of the movie 'The Spy Who Loved Me'. During a commercial, I realized Jaws is almost my height, and very recognizable. But to pull it off, I'd have to go full cosplay. I was glad I had a few weeks to get ready.
That night, I told Filipe. "I have been inspired, but it will take a lot of work to pull off."
"Oh! Who are you going to be?"
"Richard Kiel, as Jaws."
Filipe raised his eyebrows. "Yeah, that's a lot of work, but if you pull it off, just think of the bragging rights. That hussy, Jane, will have a fit."
"A definite bonus."
Over the next several days, I made a plan. The hardest part would be to hide my breasts. I decided to go for a modified fat suit, making me barrel chested. I'd fake the shoes to make them look like they are giving me six inches more height, to throw people off of my actual height. The suspenders and suit should be easy enough. A wig should suffice, but I'd have to be careful with it, as it could give it away. Then there were my eyebrows. I'd have to get someone from makeup to make me appliances to wear over them, so they could have the right hair color, instead of my own two-tone. I'll also have to see a dentist about the mouthpiece. Getting something I can wear and talk and eat with, might be an issue.
The dentist and I decided a metal-colored, soft plastic would be best. I would have to remove it to eat, but I could drink with it in. It took several tries before we were satisfied with the look and fit.
The fat suit took more effort. I wanted something that breathed, so I wouldn't roast; yet, look and feel reasonably close to a real chest. I, again, sought the help of the makeup department for some advice. My eventual result had a battery pack to provide air flow, with venting in the back. I spent enough time on it to give it the texture of a male chest. Sealing the neck area would take a bit of prep, but should be easy.
With the fat suit made, I then made his outfit. With photos from the internet, I was able to duplicate his look from the film. I asked Filipe to inspect the work. I modeled the outfit and wig, but left the eyebrows off. He spotted a few things, and I fixed them. Finally, it passed muster, with two days to spare.
I spent half the day readying for the party. The last hour was spent doing my makeup. I had to get the wig just right, get the eyebrows applied, seal the neckline, and ensure everything was in place.
"Okay, Filipe, I'm ready. Is the limo here?"
"Yes, he arrived ten minutes ago."
"Then, it's showtime."
I followed my husband to the door, and we said our goodbyes. I would meet him later at the party, but didn't want others to realize we were together. Heading outside, the driver held the door for me.
We arrived at the mansion, and I noticed some paparazzi, so when I stepped out, I smiled, giving a flash of titanium teeth. I then strutted in, using the masculine walk I had practiced. Flash. Flash. They got their pictures, but would they guess it was me? When someone asked me for my invite, I looked them in the eye and said, "I'm expected." I was careful to lower my voice to a more masculine pitch, and smiled after I said it.
"Yes, Mr. Jaws. Go on in." Apparently, he was a fan, or at least knowledgeable.
I mingled and kept my small talk to a minimum, but managed to attract a number of women. I invited them to feel the muscles in my arms, as a way to solidify my masculinity. A few times, I picked a woman up and kissed her on the lips, with a little bit of tongue.
After half an hour, I introduced myself to the host. Using a lower pitch, I said, "Hello. I am here for the costume contest." I smiled, showing a mouthful of metal. "I'm sure you recognize me, but for the record, I am Jaws as seen in the movie 'The Spy Who Loved Me'. Let us see who wins this year."
"My, my. You have done an excellent job. I look forward to the voting."
I nodded again, and went back to mingling. In another hour, I saw Filipe. When he saw me with a large group, he came over.
"Who have we here?"
I smiled in response.
"I see. A villain, huh. I'm sure a hero will be by soon enough."
In a low voice, I said, "And then he will die."
"Well, I'm glad I'm not the hero today."
I just laughed.
Filipe spent a few minutes chatting with the others before leaving to mingle elsewhere.
At eleven, ballots were passed out. They were collected a few minutes later. At midnight, we assembled. As the tallies were read, several stepped down as too many recognized the contestant behind the costume. With the first round over, there were only four of us left. The second most popular guesses were read and one dropped out. Finally, it was time to reveal the contestants.
"Mr. John Bates, please reveal yourself."
After removing his hat, he reached under his neck and started pulling. This revealed he had a full face mask on. "Ta-da!" We all saw who it was. My husband.
"Well Filipe, let's see, your tally for Bates was five. Nice job. Ms. Elvira, please reveal yourself."
The woman playing this person said, "For a hunk like you? Why not?" She then bared a breast. "Oh, you mean my identity?" She then covered her breast and took off her wig and used a washcloth to wipe down her makeup. It was Jane. "Looks like Becky Sue chose to skip this time. She knows I'm the better one at this."
"Perhaps you are right, Jane. Let's see, your tally for Elvira was two. That puts you in the lead. Nice job. Mr. Jaws, please reveal yourself."
I removed the mouthpiece, eyebrows, and wig. Then I wiped the makeup off my face. There was stunned silence for a bit.
"I think we have a winner. It seems no one guessed Becky Sue was Jaws. Congratulations."
Looking over at Jane, there was shock on her face. I hope someone got a picture.
"Thank you all. It took a lot of time and effort, but it was worth it."
Soon we were surrounded and all three of us were the highlight of the party for the next hour, or so. I didn't talk much, because I was nibbling a lot, since I was not able to do so earlier. Filipe did most of the talking, explaining the lengths I went to for tonight. I just smiled a lot and munched a bit more. Looking at Jane, I could see she was putting on a happy face, but I could see that she wasn't real happy. But she knew I was a tough competitor, having often placed second or third place.
Back home, Filipe congratulated me for putting that hussy in her place. I told him about her pasted-on happy face, and wondered what next year would bring. We celebrated with sex for an hour, before finally going to bed at four.
As expected, the scandal sheets wrote all about it. I even gave an interview for two of them. No one bothered to interview Jane, which I am sure annoyed her. When they asked how it felt to play a man, I told them it was different. It wasn't easy remembering to talk low, and to move without swinging my hips like a woman. But then, a good actress can do hard things, and I had fun in the contest.
All this attention died out with the next scandal, but I thought about it on and off for the next few months. Then it finally hit me. If I played a man, I could do other roles than what people offer me now. I talked over the idea with Filipe, and he felt being a leading man would be too much of a hassle, and be too risky of exposing the con. But lesser parts, like the classic heavy who worked for the bad guy, would be a great bit part. So for the next few months, we worked out a resume for George Holt, new in town.
As part of this effort, I went over the fat suit, to make it better and more reliable. I tested the idea of using black powder to mask my eyebrows, and we agreed that it worked. It would also be easier to maintain than eyebrow appliances. We chose a turtle-necked sweater, as that would be easier than a neck appliance. This meant a simpler disguise that would withstand observation well enough. Additionally, unknown to Filipe, I hypnotized myself to change my body image to one with a broader vocal range. The new range went lower, into male territory as a tenor.
When all was ready, I made an appointment with my agent to discuss my career. Five minutes before the meeting was due to start, I called to say I was stuck in traffic, and would be fifteen minutes late. I had actually just arrived in the parking lot. I was dressed as George Holt, with his résumé in hand. Waiting another two minutes, I entered the building and then to his office. I talked my way into seeing my agent with barely any use of my stare.
"Hello, Mr. Holt. I am Davynn Svanenhielm. Call me Dave. I am already scheduled with another actress, but she is running late. I can only give you a few moments of my time."
Using my new masculine voice, I said, "Thank you, sir. I appreciate that." I handed over the resume. "Please take a look at my work and skills. I want to get into the movies, and I think I am a good candidate for your classic thug part. I have the size, strength, and if you need it, the skill to portray one."
"Your size is obvious, the rest not so. Why did you come to me?"
"Well, I am a fan of Nigkala, and you handle Helen Asher who plays her. I figure you know how to handle an actor who is more suited to violent roles, as opposed to the more dramatic roles."
"True enough. How willing are you to work?"
"I want to show my stuff, and I'll happily start at the bottom as an extra. I can play a minion. I see myself more as a character actor than as a big name one. While not the same, I think I'll have a better chance this way."
"It's not often I meet with a wanna-be who has humility. Acting is full of those with big ambitions and bigger egos."
"Do you think you might have something for me?"
"Let me make a call. I wonder when she will get here?"
"Sir?"
"Nothing. Let's see...."
During the next few minutes, I watched as he worked the lines and found a job for me.
"Well, I found something. Pay's not great, but it is work, and that will help get more work." He pulled out a form from his desk and started filling in several places. Then he handed it to me. "Okay, initial here, here, and here, and then sign here."
I quickly scanned the form and saw it was the normal, first-time form and that he got a big chunk as a 'finders' fee'. But I signed as George Holt and handed it back.
"Great. You know where Johnson Studios is? Good. Be there Thursday at 7:00 AM sharp."
"Thanks for giving me this chance."
"Remember this; I'm taking a big chance on you based just on your looks and a good-looking resume. Don't make me regret it."
"I won't. By the way, I lied about traffic."
"Huh?"
I pulled off the wig, revealing my two-toned hair. Going back to my normal voice, I said, "Remember I said I wanted to talk about my career?"
"Becky Sue? How? Why?"
"As I said, I want to talk about my career. I felt I was being somewhat typecast, and while I do see that I cannot do many roles due to my size and shape, I feel there are still plenty of roles I can play. So I came up with a plan to start a second career as a male actor. Looks like you believed it."
"You could have asked me to get you broader roles."
"I thought about that, and while I do want you to consider me for broader roles, I understand the industry's desire for typecasting. This way, I have a new start. You know the truth, and can find roles I can play that are outside of the ones I usually get. If I can keep the ruse up long enough to be established as a good bit player to hire, then I will have accomplished what I set out to do. The industry will see my ability to portray a broader range of characters, and thus offer me more."
"So you are going through with this?"
"Yes. I would love your help to pull this off. I cannot play Helen and George in proximity, so you cannot schedule me that way. Likewise, you can schedule George when Helen is between projects. You willing?"
"Hmmm. It sounds interesting. Maybe even fun. But what happens when they find out?"
"If the public doesn't learn, keep going. If it does, well, I'll decide then. Depends on their reaction."
"Okay, I'm in."
Thus began my second career as George Holt. I eventually achieved minor stardom as a classic heavy.
But that is another story...