So many people will tell you that your life changes a lot after getting married. I believe the common joke is how you'll never get any once you're married. For my wife and I, that wasn't true. Our sex life was great when we dated, and honestly, it was only got better once we were finally married. The one thing that did affect us, was having children and having careers that require a lot of time. Those two life changing events really took a toll on our sex life.
A little about us, we are a pretty young couple, Alexa being in her mid-thirties, myself being in my late twenties. She's 5 foot even, 160lbs, 34DDD bra size, and thick thighs. For myself, I'm 6'1, 190lbs, and have played sports my whole life, so I have that athletic build. My wife being in law enforcement, myself being in the airline industries. Alexa's a pretty reserve person, she isn't the most outgoing, even considering the career field she's in. She doesn't like showing off, or flirting. She gets embarrassed easily. Myself, well I'm the social one. The outgoing one. My wife and I are like yin-yang when it comes to our personalities. It works great for us. We work long hours, and when we finally get home, we have two children to take care of and raise. Our sex life usually takes the backseat to everything else. Our average sexual encounters include a quickie over the bathroom sink in the morning prior to work, or a midnight session when we one of us wakes up, playing with the other to initiate sex and waking them up. That doesn't mean our life is totally dead, we have our moments when we can sneak off for date nights. This story is about one of those date nights.
My mother texted me that she was planning on coming down for a quick four days to see her grandchildren. She asked if my wife and I would like to have a night out, and she'd love to stay at the house with the kids. We jumped at the offer, considering it's been close to half a year since we've had a true date night. Alexa and I sat down and planned it out. We got a hotel room in the city, and decided we'd get dinner, hit a bar or two, and head back to the hotel room. If anything, we'd get a full night's sleep at least! I came home from work a few nights prior to our planned date night, Alexa surprising us with new outfits. She bought this pink dress, that dropped below her knees along with a white sweater. The dress was very low cut, showing off her unbelievable cleavage. She wanted the sweater to cover up, since she always seemed to be self-conscious. For myself, she bought me a tight black button up, and tan slacks. Nothing to wild, but together I thought we'd look great!
I took a half day off, being to excited to focus on landing aircraft. I rushed home to change, waiting on my wife to get off work. My mother texted us both to let us know she'd get the kids from daycare and to have a fun night. I've been looking forward to it all week, and knowing the day finally arrived I was dying to see Alexa all dolled up. I tried watching tv, but my mind was racing to much on the possibilities of how the night was going to go. I texted Alexa to see when she was planning on getting off. She replies that it's looking like she won't be to sneak out early. I'd have to wait. The joys of being married to the only female detective in the city. I figured it's only about 3PM so I had at least two hours until she gets off work, another 45-minute drive to the hotel. So, fuck it... why not.
I walked up the stairs, stripped naked, running the water for our jacuzzi tub. I went ahead and climbed in and began to work. It didn't take more than a thought of her amazing tits, and how nice they feel to have my hands all over them to have my cock standing straight up. I took my cock in my right hand, the hot water feeling amazing on my body. I just imagined all the fun times we've had, how tight she feels when I take her behind. For whatever reason I thought about how well she can go down on me, how hard it is to not cum in her beautiful mouth. I started to lose control and get lost in the moment. I was already overly excited for my date night with Alexa, so it didn't take long until I gasped for air, feeling the release, and my hot cum hitting my chest. Even a little hitting my neck. I finished up, coming back down, and finished cleaning up. I got out, dried off, dressed and decided I'd play video games until Alexa got home.
A few hours later the front door opened and there she stood. Wearing her women's dress pants, button up with the top two buttons undone. Leaving it just barley possible to see her cleavage. She had a suit top on over top, and her badge hanging around her neck, dangling around her mid-section. Still having that resting bitch face on that she wears all day at work. I don't know about you, but a pissed off powerful women is beyond hot. It's one of the million things I love about my wife. She quickly heads passed me, giving me a kiss as I continue to play MLB the Show on my PlayStation.
"I'll be quick. I've been thinking about this all day. I'm sorry I couldn't get off work early. Some dumbass decided to stop by and have a one on one with me regarding some information pertaining to a case. Needless to say, he talked for over an hour, and I have nothing useful I can use." She tells me, as she heads up the stairs. The last bit being difficult to hear as she trails off.
I continue to game while she's upstairs getting ready. It feels like forever, but she finally comes down. When I tell you I about passed out seeing my wife of 6 years looking so hot in that dress, I mean it. She was looking like a bombshell. Her blonde hair pulled back in a ponytail, pink lipstick on that matched her dress color, the white sweater really making the pink pop more. And of course, the breast looking goddess like with that tight dress and cleavage all working together to make her look hand made by God. I was floored. She walked to the door, putting her black heels on to complete the look. I grabbed my shoes, and we took off.
Alexa and I arrived at the hotel in record time. We were both ready to get the night going. We checked in, went to our room to drop our bag off on the top floor and called and Uber. He was only a few blocks away from the hotel, so we had to quickly make our way to the front of the hotel. Walking across the parking lot to the small black car, I could see the drives eyes lock onto my wife. His eye opens wide as we walk to the back of his vehicle. I open the door for my wife, and she moves into her seat. I can see the drivers' eyes stare at my wife in the rearview mirror the entire time we get in. We take off to the restaurant for dinner, I swear the drivers' eyes never left my wife. Somehow, we didn't crash!
Once at the restaurant it was uneventful. We ate our dinner, talking about our days and catching up on funny thing's that's happened all week at work, or talking about our interests. Of course, as parents, we talked about our two children for a little bit as well. We finish up eating and call our second Uber of the night to get to a well-known local bar to kick our night off. The Uber driver pulls up to the restaurant, and this time our driver is a female. So, I don't have our Uber driver eye fucking my gorgeous wife the entire drive.
I help Alexa out of the car, and we hold hands walking into the somewhat busy bar. We claim our seats at the bar and order our first drinks. We both order mix drinks, and a shot to go with it. It's time to let loose. The bar only has females working there, all dressed the same in short jean shorts, overly tight t-shirts, and cowgirl hats. My wife's been known to be a little jealous so I know this will become an issue at some point. We do the shots and enjoy our drinks. At this point, I'm running my hands up and down my wife's back. Feeling the smooth material of the dress and drooling over my wife. Her hand runs up and down my thigh, sending chills down my back each time. I should mention that my wife is the biggest lightweight known to mankind. So, the shot and drink combo is already taking effect on her. The bartender walks back by and see's the empty shot glasses.
She only looks at me when talking to us, "Looks like you took that down quick, you want another one?" I can feel my wife's nails dig a little into my thigh. She's feeling the effects of alcohol at this point and speaks up loudly, "Yeah, we'd love to have another round."
The bartender doesn't look at her but turns around to pour another round for the both of us. "Chill babe." I lean into her ear to tell her. The resting bitch face is back in full force at this point. We take the next shots and start having a conversation. We are both laughing, my eyes having trouble not looking down her shirt the entire time. My one hand now running up her legs, slowly moving her dress higher and higher. I have it now pulled up to mid-thigh, feeling her smooth legs. I'm losing control. My wife's rubbing the outside of my leg as we talk, laughing and enjoying our night. She finally stands up, "I gotta go to the bathroom. It's really hitting me. I'll be right back."
She walks off and my eyes are glued to her ass as she leaves. She's a little drunk at this point and didn't bother pulling her dress back down. Honestly, it just makes her look so much hotter. Like a little bit of a slutty vibe.
"Hey baby, you want another?" I can hear this sexual voice behind me say loudly over the crowd noise. I turn around and it's the same bartender from before. This time, she's leaned over the bar asking me.
"Oh.... I'm not sure if we are doing another right now. Gotta pace ourselves." I tell her.
"Well, how about this round it's you and me? I'd love to do a shot with you." She winks, already pouring the tequila in the glasses.
I just smile, obviously knowing this is a bad idea, but I'm not in the right state of mind to say no. I reach out to grab the shot and she moves them quickly away, shaking her head no. She's grinning at this point and motions for me to lean forward. I lean in, our faces maybe 10 inches away from each other. She leans up on the bar, pushes my head back and pour the shot into my mouth for me. I'm stunned, and way to turned on now by another strong women in my life taking control. She then grabs the second shot and shoots it quickly down. She gives me a wink, "Good boy." She says walking away to continue working. At that moment I feel a hand grab the back of my neck.
"Fucking slut." My wife's voice grunt in my ear, she grabs my face with both hands, turns my head and locks lips with me. I feel her tongue dance around my mouth as we make at the bar in front of the bartenders and God only knows how many people. My hand grabs her as we kiss, loving every second. She breaks away finally, "What the fuck is her problem? Good boy." She says in a mocking tone. "Fuck her."
She sits down and another bartender brings us another mixed drink. We start drinking and go back to having a good night. Our hands running all over each other, occasionally kissing and laughing. It finally hits me, and it's now my turn to go to the bathroom. I get up and head to the bathroom, half hard from the flirting and tension building.
When walking back I see two guys standing around my wife. All three holding a shot, laughing and talking. It takes me a while to work through the crowed. One guy talking to her, the other looking right at her chest. Not a care in the world if she notices. They do their shots and walk off right as I'm coming up.
"Who was that?" I ask Alexa as I take my seat.
"Oh, I'm not sure. They came over to order a shot, the one guy said I looked amazing and wanted to buy me a drink. I told them I'd take the free drink, but I'm married so don't waste your time." She laughs saying. "They said they already offered, so one drink it is."
At this point I can tell she's really feeling it. I figure it's time to head back to the hotel room before one of us gets to drunk. "I'll call the Uber, I need you. Let's get out of her." She bites her lip hearing this and nots. We hold hands and work out way out of the bar. I check the Uber and it's 10 minutes away. Plus, we have a 20-minute drive back to the hotel.
"Fuck, looks like it's gonna be a couple minutes..." I barley get out as she grabs my face, pushing me hard against the wall of the side of the bar. Our mouths are locked, and we are heavy breathing as I can feel her body pressed hard against me, pinning me to the wall. My left hand goes right to her ass, grabbing a handful, my right hand grabs a full handful of her chest. I've been dying to grab her tits all night. She lets go of my face, and immediately begins rubbing my cock through my pants. Right there in the parking lot! Our hands run all over each other, grabbing and playing with each other. No cares in the world if someone walks out of the bar and sees us. She's going crazy, she's never been like this in public. Ever. In between kisses Alexa let's moans escape her mouth.
My phone finally vibrates, and I know the Uber most be her. I pry her off me, her eyes looking wild as she bites her lips looking at me. "What!" She playfully yells at me.
"The Uber is here, it's the white SUV over there." I point. We quickly move to the SUV, both going to each side and letting ourselves in.
The guy greatest us with a smile, "Fun evening?" He says looking at my wife as she climbs in.
"For sure," I reply to him. "Just about to wrap it up and get back to our room."
He just lets a little laugh out, and we begin driving off. We barely make it out of the parking lot and my wife's hand go right for my pants. She slips one hand down my pants, right into my underwear grabbing my 7-inch cock firmly. Like a reflex, I grab her tits over her dress and start playing with them. The driver just starts talking. He's just making small talk, neither one of us replying, but he continues to talk. Every so often looking back. I'm wondering if he can see what's happening back there since it's so dark. But I don't even care at this point. I move my hand into her dress and grab her tits under her dress top. I can feel she's got her lace bra on that really is just light fabric rather than an actual bra. I start playing with her tit and nipple while her other hand grabs my pants, undoing the button and zipper, pulling my cock right out and stroking it.
We make eye contact and she's gritting her teeth. She's going insane on me in this poor man's Uber. My cock is fully out of my pants, I mouth "What the fuck" to her and she just makes her lips look like she's saying "Shhhhhh". She then uses her free hands that's not holding my cock and pulls both her tits right out of her dress. She's now fully topless. Her sweater is hanging down so there's nothing covering her. I can hear he's stopped talking, problem from the lake of reply. I start massaging her tits, enjoying them and the feeling of her hand on my cock stroking me. I let off her tits, and slide her dress all the way up, and without thinking slip my finger right into her pussy. I'm now fingering my wife while she her tits hang out, right there in a stranger's SUV. When my wife's mouth drops opened, he starts talking again. Just telling us about how he uses to hit the bars, but he works so much now he never gets time off. I try to talk, all that comes out is just simple "oh wow." "No way." "Damn" out of my mouth, my mind is mush. My eyes haven't left my wife, just looking at her topless, and the pleasure on her face while I finger is mesmerizing. I don't even know if this mans driving us the right way at this point.
He finally speaks up loudly. "Alright, looks like we made it."
I quickly pull my cock away from my wife and zip my pants back up right as we pull up to the back entrance. I look back at my wife, to help her with her top but she's moving to the door. As Alexa opens the back door, the lights of the SUV kick on and now the both the driver and myself can see my topless wife getting out of the car. She stands next to the vehicle, saying nothing as she closes the door and starts digging in her purse for her key card. Still topless. I'm feeling it at this point and I'm just trying to run around the car to get into our room quickly. I grab my wife's tits and push her towards the door as she pulls out her key card. Playing with them as we make our way to the door, now moving down the hallway kissing and groping each other. Moaning and heavy breathing echoing the hallways of the hotel.
We hit the door as we kiss, I open the door behind her, as we stumble into the hotel room. She falls towards the bed as I'm watching her strip her pink dress off, leaving her in her matching white lace bra and boy cut panties. I'm stripping naked as fast as I can. By the time I look back, she's laying on her back rubbing her clit.
"Hurry up, I need fucked!" She angrily yells out, followed by a loud moan.
I jump on the bed, grab her smooth white legs and bury my tongue as deep as I can between her absolutely soaked pussy lips. I work my tongue around her lips, loving the super sweet taste she always has. The entire time she's rubbing her clit, moaning loudly.
"God yes! Eat it!" She's barking out at me.
I'm flicking my tongue all around her pussy, loving every second as her thighs wrap around my head. My cock is so stiff at this point I'm afraid I'm going to rip a hole in the bed. Finally, after a few minutes of eating my wife's delicious pussy, she moans loudly "I need your cock. Right fucking now."
As I pull as, she grabs my neck and pulls me in for a deep kiss. She rolls me onto my back, climbing on top of my body. She starts throwing her hips around, making my cock wiggle its way right to the wet tight pussy it's aching to get in. It slips its way right inside her without any help. We both grunt and moan at the same time. She sits up and starts riding me like she owns me. I lean my head up, taking one of her tits in my mouth, sucking on them while my cock's buried inside her. We get a great rhythm going and she's practically yelling at this point. I'm losing control and moaning louder than ever. Out of nowhere, she climbs off panting.
"Grab me, fuck me from behind. HARD!" She tells me sternly.
Without hesitation, I grab her hips and push my cock right into her. I don't waste any time and start fucking her so hard the sounds of my body smashing into her ass had to be heard by everyone in that building. I grab her ponytail and yank hard. She lets out a loud scream. "Jesus fucking Christ yes!!"
I start smacking her ass while we fuck, one hand still holding her hair. "Harder" she grunts out.
I react by grabbing her neck with both hand and choking her while I fuck her in doggy. It's to hard to do so I pull out, roll her into missionary and choke her hard while fucking her with everything I got. I can hear her gasping for air, but between gasp I can make out her saying "oh fuck".
I can feel my cock about to explode. I can't take it. She's so wet and loud it's driving me mad. I'm barley able to scream "I'm cumming!!" when I feel it erupt. I can feel my cock pulse over and over and over again, each pulse blowing a ton of cum inside her aching pussy.
I finally let go of her neck and she lets out the biggest gasp and deeps moan while filling the room with her voice, "Holy shit I can't move." Her body starts to shake.
I fall next to her, breathing heavy like I ran a marathon. She stops shaking, rolls onto my chest and we kiss deeply. Slowly and passionately, like the two-love struck married couple we are. We finish and lay in bed for what feels like forever before finally getting up and showering the cum off of us.
Climbing back into bed naked, we cuddle up. "I can't wait for your mom to visit again." She gets out drunkenly before passing out.