Author's Note: I'm very sorry for the longest-ever delay between chapters! This is another very long one, and it completes John's one-on-one trips with his girls. I hope you'll find the wait was worth it. For me, this is a very special chapter with Katie, cementing her place in the group. I'd love to hear your thoughts.
* * *
Despite being an objectively hard-partying marathon, the weekend in Napa with Kat had the opposite effect on me that I expected. It was like when I had sex. I came out more energized and focused than before. That's how our trip had been. I was ready to go right away. We had a lovely week at home and, as had become the pattern between getaways, enjoyed a quiet few days as a family.
When we returned, too, Rita had some news. It turned out that the midday meteorologist at KNBC was taking a medical leave of absence for six weeks, and they needed someone to fill in. Their morning weather girl was out on maternity leave, so that put them in a serious pinch. One of the producers was friends with Rita's old producer in Houston, who had suggested maybe Rita could fill in temporarily.
"I'm not sure if I want to go back to it," Rita said when she brought it up. "But there is kind of an appeal to it."
"It's such a big market!" Kat said. "What an opportunity!"
"I've got a few days to think about it," Rita said. "Let's talk about it when you get back, John."
"Good idea," Kat agreed.
"We don't want anything to disrupt your big weekend!" Rita said, directing her attention to Katie.
"Aw, that's so sweet," Katie said. "But it's not a disruption at all. We can talk about it."
"No, no, this is a next-week problem," Rita said.
"Yeah, you two need to get out of here!" Jess chimed in. "Have fun! Make us jealous!"
"God, I miss Vegas," Kat said.
"We all miss Vegas," Rita said.
"Have you still not told Katie where you're staying?" Jess asked.
"You know me," I said, grinning. "I have to have surprises."
"You're so fucking cruel," Katie said, matching my smile.
"It's your turn, Katie," I said. "I think the other three have all been through my Vegas surprise trips!"
"More than once," Rita said, nodding.
"There's nothing better, sweetie," Kat said.
"Just sit back and enjoy it," Jess encouraged her.
"What if I want to sit on top of it and enjoy it?" Katie said playfully.
"Get it whatever way you want it!" Kat said with a laugh.
And off we went, repeating for the fourth and final time the scene of three girls waving as the black town car turned around and disappeared into the Los Angeles day. A Thursday through Sunday weekend in Vegas was ideal. You could relax somewhat Thursday night and ramp up the partying Friday and Saturday nights. There was nothing quite like being able to indulge in anything you wanted when Vegas was at its most packed, energetic, and raunchy. And that was the essence of my plan for our getaway.
"This feels so weird," Katie said as the car wound its way toward Burbank. "In a good way. I've just gotten so used to us being a single unit."
"It's important to connect one-on-one," I told her, taking her warm, delicate hand in mine.
"I'd be lying if I said I wasn't excited," she said. "I can't believe I get you all to myself for three nights!"
"I hope it blows you away," I said. "I've got a lot planned for us."
"If nothing else, I'll blow you away anytime you want it," Katie said and licked her lips.
She had a knack for double-entendres and racy banter, and it was one of the things I liked best about her. Katie had an edge. Maybe it was because she was the youngest and newest of my girlfriends, but she wasn't as at-ease as Kat, Jess, and Rita. She sometimes seemed like she had something to prove, even though she didn't. One of the key aspects of the weekend was to drive home to Katie that she didn't need to feel like an underdog. She was a co-equal part of our family.
"You know, occasionally Jess and I will make bets about how many times she can get me off," I said.
"I know," Katie said quickly. "She's told me about that."
"Oh, yeah?" I said, raising my eyebrows.
"Yeah," she confirmed. "She told me you almost got to seventeen in Cabo."
"When did you talk about that?" I said, surprised in a good way.
"When she was riding my face while you and Kat were in Napa," she said, clearly relishing the fact that my jaw had dropped.
"I should assume you girls are up to naughty things even if I'm not around," I said.
"Oh, we are, baby," Katie said. "You have no idea."
"Maybe you'll tell me?" I said.
"Maybe," she said. "I know how much you like to hear about it."
"I love story time," I said, using the term Kat had coined for it.
"Can I tell you a secret?" Katie said, leaning closer to me.
I couldn't help but notice her tits falling freely beneath the fabric of her light, white spaghetti-strap top. Her nipples were crinkled and hard from the town car's air conditioning. Her legs, largely exposed because she wore only mid-thigh black shorts, were dappled by goosebumps.
"I love secrets," I said.
"Your girls might fuck more when you're not around than when you are," she said. "We can't keep our hands off each other."
"Maybe I should install video cameras like we had at the Hooker House," I said.
"Maybe you should," she said. "I bet we are really fucking hot when we play together."
"I know you are," I said.
Katie also had a knack for surprising me. She was settling into her new life, and I never tired of her relentless devotion toward me. We had always had a connection with one another, from the time she came aboard Infinity. But her adoration of me never wavered; in fact, it only seemed to increase. As time went on and our relationship grew, it became more than devotion. It blossomed beyond that, but her singular focus on me and on us was still a compelling driver of our love.
"Thank you for this, John," she said.
"Everyone is getting a trip, babe," I said with a laugh.
She rolled her eyes cutely.
"You know what I mean," she said. "You've made more happen for me than I ever dreamed possible. I would do anything to thank you for it. Literally anything."
"Hmm, what a realm of possibilities!" I said.
"I mean it," she said.
We moved closer together, and I stroked her hair.
"Just love me," I said. "And I'll love you."
"That's easy," she said.
"And make me one promise this weekend, okay?" I said.
"Anything," she said.
"Just trust me," I said.
I intentionally used the same phrasing I had on one of my early Vegas trips with Kat. I saw parallels between them, and I wanted to use this weekend to help give us an even more solid foundation. I wanted to show her that our life could live up to her lofty fantasies.
"I always trust you," she said. "Implicitly."
"Good," I said and pulled her into a kiss.
Katie's heart thumped against my chest. Her nipples seemingly screamed against the fabric of her top.
"Are you nervous?" I said.
"A little," she said. "There are just so many thoughts jumbled in my head."
"Why don't we take them one at a time?" I asked.
"God, I don't know where to start," she said.
"Pick one," I said.
"I'm dying to know what you've got planned," she said.
"That's easy," I said. "Surprises."
"Fuck me, come on," she said in mock exasperation.
"There will be a ton of both of those," I said, unable to control my glee at teasing her.
"You love this," she said.
"I do," I agreed.
And, just like that, we pulled into the Burbank Airport to our awaiting Gulfstream. It was a short hop to Vegas, so I had declined any on-board service. All we needed was some Champagne and the goodies I had stashed in my backpack. We didn't have any other luggage. I'd arranged to have clothes waiting at our hotel. It was a beautiful day with almost no wind, and we hit cruising altitude in the blink of an eye.
I got up, pulled a bottle of Champagne from the refrigerator in the galley, and returned with it and two glasses. I popped the cork and gave us each overly generous pours. I sat down, and Katie had made herself comfortable on my lap. We sat across two seats, the armrest between them raised, in front of a lacquered wooden table.
"I don't mean to tease you so much," I said.
"You don't tease me," Katie said, kissing me.
She had pulled her blonde hair back into a messy bun. Our kisses were exploratory, a combination of playful and urgent. Her body was tight in the way only someone in her mid-20s could be, and I had difficulty keeping my hands off every curve. To be fair, she encouraged it. Katie was a sex machine. She always wanted to fuck. And, after the painful recovery from her car accident a year before, she had taken on an even greater sense of carpe diem than before. She never wanted to miss a moment.
"Want a hint about what kind of weekend this is going to be?" I asked.
"Yes!" she said ecstatically. "I'm dying to know!"
"Okay, close your eyes," I said.
Katie obeyed, covering her eyes with her hands like a kid before Christmas, a grin painted on her face. I reached into the padded, top compartment of my backpack, and pulled out a vial of cocaine. I unscrewed the cap and poured roughly half of the three grams onto the tabletop. I replaced the cap, returned the vial to my backpack, and pulled out a carbon fiber card and glass straw.
"Open," I said.
Katie removed her hands, sitting on them as her eyes fluttered open.
"Oh, baby," she gushed, "you know just the way to my heart."
I held out the card and straw to her, but Katie only took the straw.
"Let's be real, babe," she said, already bending down for the table and grinding her ass more firmly into my lap. "I'm going to be zooted this entire weekend. I might as well jump in both feet first!"
She didn't bother with lines. She just shoved the straw up her nose, positioned it around the edge of the pile, and snorted as much coke as she could. Then she switched nostrils and did the same a second time.
"Fuck yeah!" she said, her eyes watering from the intense rush.
"My impressive little coke slut," I marveled, guessing she had done about half a gram in one round.
"I'm just getting started, babe," she said and handed the straw to me.
I wasn't as aggressive as Katie had been with the coke but didn't skimp, either. And within a few minutes, we were flying as high as the airplane.
"I'm so glad we didn't lose you," I said, feeling protective of Katie.
"I was so fucked up, John," she said. "It was scary. I felt completely out of control. Like, I mean, I couldn't make any decisions for myself. It was all the pills. But if I didn't listen to the pills, I just hurt. I hurt so bad."
"Not anymore," I said, kissing her and mashing her tits against my chest.
I felt aggressive. Vegas always amped up my energy level. The cocaine magnified it. Being with Katie, who was so compliant to my whims and also so thirsty for adventure at all times, put me onto another level of desire and wildness. In an instant, the spirit of Sin City coursed through my veins. I wanted it all. I wanted no limits, and I knew there wouldn't be any.
"I'm such a slut," Katie whispered to me. "Give me a couple lines of coke, and my pussy is just soaked."
"Oh yeah?" I said, crudely jamming my hand down the front of her shorts.
It was a steamy mess between her thighs.
"God, you are such a slut," I said happily.
"Reach down further," she said.
I pushed my hand down some more, and then I felt it. My fingers brushed the hard, smooth metal ring of the butt plug lodged in Katie's ass.
"Katie," I said, kissing her neck now.
"I'm going to be such a bad girl for you this weekend," she said. "Whatever you want. I promise this trip is going to be so special."
"It already is, baby," I said.
And I pulled my hand out of her shorts. I tasted her on my fingers. Her musk was luscious.
"Don't tease me," Katie whispered breathlessly.
"Sorry," I said, wrapping my arms around her waist. "But we're landing soon."
"Not soon enough that you can't fuck me," she said.
"What's the fun in that?" I said playfully.
"I can think of about a thousand things," she said plaintively.
"Patience, my little flower," I said and kissed her nose.
Katie smiled at me and kissed me back on my nose. We laughed. She accepted that she wouldn't coerce me into a quickie before we landed and threw herself into asking questions.
"Why didn't we take luggage?" she asked. "It feels so weird to fly without a bag."
"I've taken care of everything we'll need," I said. "I like it to be a surprise."
"I'm not going to be walking around naked, am I?" she asked.
"A lot of the time probably," I said. "But not outside our room."
"Where are we staying?" she asked.
"That's a surprise," I said with a grin.
"You're driving me crazy," she said.
"Good," I said.
"Okay, but can I ask one favor?" she said.
"Of course, baby," I replied.
"I would be really turned on to see you with another girl," she said, holding her head down and looking up at me with furtive eyes.
"But this weekend is about us, Katie," I said.
"I know," she said, finally making eye contact. She was serious. "And if this is about us and our fantasies and life? I really want that." She paused and bit her lower lip. "It's, like, my biggest turn on. I love seeing it. I love sharing you and then knowing you can do whatever you want to me. It makes my whole body shake just thinking about it."
She held out her hand for emphasis, and it shook like a tremor.
"I've always told you anything you want, and it makes me crazy inside and out knowing that you can have another girl literally right in front of me, and the only thing I could possibly think about is having you as soon as you're done with her," she continued.
"If that's what you want, you know I won't deny you," I said, unable to suppress a grin.
"You'll always come back to me, won't you?" she said shyly.
"I love you, Katie," I said. "I'll always come back."
She retained the shy, reticent look on her face, and I knew there was something else she wanted to say. So I kissed her and asked her what it was.
"I'm not a very emotional person, John," she said. "I always would stop hooking up with a guy once he got attached-slash-wanted-something-serious. But you're completely different. You just do something to me. And part of what I like about it is the power you have over me. You make me feel my emotions. And I love feeling jealous when you're with other women. Not Kat and Jess and Rita. That's different. But, like, I guess it's similar to what Jason and Crystal have. He loves hearing about all her appointments and wants to eat her out after them. I'm like a girl cuckold."
"A cuckquean," I said.
"Yes, exactly," Katie said knowingly. "It turns me on so much."
"I'll see what I can do," I said.
"I may have some ideas, too," Katie offered, once again behind her veneer of shyness.
I smiled at her and kissed her deeply.
"This is gonna be fun," I said.
Katie just smiled back at me and attacked the final remnants of the pile of cocaine. She had the most voracious appetite for powder I had ever seen. She loved doing it, and she liked doing a lot. She was masterful at pacing herself, and I knew from the start that our weekend in Vegas was going to be a snowstorm.
* * *
We walked down the steps of the Gulstream, and I smiled when I saw our car and driver already waiting. It had been a difficult decision regarding where to stay. I wanted this to be truly special for Katie. We had been to Vegas before, and central to my agonizing was wanting to do something that was our own, something we hadn't done before or with anyone else. With money having become no object, I hadn't concentrated my stays or play at any single casino. I went where I wanted.
So maybe that's why I felt nostalgic and reached out to my long-time host at the Wynn. He secured a two-bedroom fairway villa for us. A Rolls Royce Phantom waited to whisk us to our oasis in the desert. The car was huge and comfortable, like riding in a living room. Katie seemed more interested in turning it into a moving bedroom. She couldn't keep her hands off me, but I turned rebuffing her into a game until we were alone in our villa.
"I'm so wet, though, baby," Katie said, biting my ear lobe. "Did I ever tell you about the time in college that I blew a guy in the back of an Uber?"
"I don't think so," I said, feeling her beautiful tits over her blouse.
"It was bar closing time, and there was this guy who had been chasing me forever," she explained. "He was okay, but I don't know. I was always fickle in college, and mostly I fucked around with guys who were older and not at school because I didn't want to get a shitty reputation. But that night, for whatever reason, I invited this guy to get into my Uber with me. I ended up sucking his dick right there, and he came so fast, when the driver got me to my apartment, instead of inviting him up? I just told him that was fun and left him."
I laughed, a genuine and happy laugh.
"Oh my god," I said. "That's hilarious!"
"I think he was so confused," she said. "And I don't think I ever even saw him again."
"You were a bad girl in college," I said.
"Well, I can't remember if I ever told you this, but I kind of got a late start," she said.
"I don't think you have told me this," I said.
"Well, I was kind of a late bloomer," Katie explained. "Such a cliché. I lost my virginity the summer before college. I always had really long-term boyfriends because, like, that's what I thought you were supposed to do. Have a boyfriend."
"So, what, you fucked him before going away to college?" I asked.
"No," she said with a laugh. "I fucked one of his friends. It was random. I was drunk and had done some coke at a party. One thing led to another."
"Wow, hitting the coke in high school," I said, raising my eyebrows.
"I got introduced to it at a graduation party," she said. "We were white kids living in the suburbs, and there was money around. There are always going to be drugs. Someone scored some coke, and I was absolutely smitten."
"Impressive that you could manage it to excel in college and a nursing career," I said.
"Cocaine and I are a vibe," she said with a smile. "I don't know what it is. We just mesh."
"So you lost your virginity by cheating, huh?" I said, my cock hard in my shorts.
"I did," she said. "It was like a two-minute event, but the best part to me was the cheating. I fucking loved it. I got off so much on it. I would play with myself so much thinking about it."
"Naughty girl," I said, whispering close to her ear.
"It really shaped who I became in college," she said.
"I want to hear every detail of this," I said.
But the conversation was interrupted as the Phantom pulled into the private entryway to the Fairway Villas behind the Encore resort. We were greeted by a stunning, refined brunette, who apologized that my host was tied up with another guest. I had a sneaking suspicion he had intentionally gotten this sexy coworker to fill in because he knew my predilections. Her name was Holly and, as it turned out, she would serve as our villa's butler for the weekend.
We followed Holly to our villa, number 301, and I loved the reaction on Katie's face when we got inside. She dropped her purse on the floor and walked around in wonder. I liked the layout of the Wynn villas. They were very open and airy, with tons of natural light. We had a stunning view of the golf course, and the waterfall in the distance helped drown out the ambient noise of Vegas in a pleasant way. Our bar came fully stocked with my requests. And I nodded to Holly in appreciation when I saw that the his-and-hers closets were outfitted with all the clothes we would need for the weekend.
"You've done an exceptional job," I told Holly, as I slipped $300 into her palm.
"Oh, it wasn't me," she said demurely.
"Trust me," I said. "I know how this works. I think we'll be pretty easy on you this weekend."
"I can see you'll have your hands full, Mr. Cameron," Holly said, her fiery green eyes sparkling as she glanced at Katie. She pushed a hand through her jet-black hair.
"I like to lead a full life," I said.
"Of course," Holly said and excused herself.
I walked over to Katie, who had opened the doors to the terrace overlooking the golf course. It was a grand view, and one that created a paradoxical panorama that only Vegas could provide. Here we were, in the middle of the desert, and it was already more than one hundred degrees outside. But we overlooked a lush, green golf course with a waterfall in the distance. The villa was bathed in cool air conditioning.
"What do you want to do first, darling?" I asked as I slipped my hands around Katie's waist and pulled her close to me.
"Fuck me," she said. "I just want you to fuck me. Then we can start whatever you have planned."
I spun her around and smiled at her.
"Okay," I said, and we kissed.
Katie was that rare combination of petite and curvy. So she was easy to pick up, so I did. I carried her to our bedroom and laid her on the bed. She looked angelic with a dreamy smile framed by her golden locks spread out on top of the comforter. She unbuttoned her blouse, and I pulled it over her head. Then she unbuttoned her shorts, and I pulled them off. I stripped as I drank in her waiting body.
"The tattoo looks so good on you," I said, referencing all our initials.
"It's a big step for me," she said shyly.
"Maybe tell me more about the college thing," I said, bringing us back to our earlier conversation. "It might help me understand."
I had finished stripping and pushed Katie's legs apart with my knee. I positioned myself on top of her, and we kissed.
"I had so much fun, babe, I'm not sure I should tell you," she said, that faint trace of distant Louisiana underlying her voice.
"I love hearing about it," I assured her.
I sat back on my knees a little bit, so I could tease her slit with the tip of my cock. She had such neatly compact, tight pussy lips, it was always fun to tease them. Katie was unique among the girls because she didn't want laser treatment to remove her pubic hair. She waxed and shaved. She loved the ritual of shaving.
"Well, when I was at TCU, I really got into having two separate lives," she continued. "I'm smart, so I didn't want to have a shitty reputation. I didn't want to be that girl who went crazy and got branded a dumb slut before orientation was over."
"You can be smart and a slut," I said, joking and kissing her while I still teased her with my cock.
"Oh, I know," she teased back. "So I did all the right things. I rushed and got into Pi Phi, which is like the best sorority. I always had the perfect, cookie-cutter boyfriend from the right frat. And I prioritized my school work. I really liked my classes. But I had that itch."
"I bet you did," I said, now circling my cock a little deeper into her pussy.
"Fuck, you are such a fucking jerk for teasing me like this," she said. "I was so patient on the plane."
"I know," I said, admiringly. "And I'm being so patient at hearing how you became such a coke whore."
Katie laughed, and her eyes sparkled with mischief. I could feel the warmth from her. We so rarely got long stretches of time alone. This weekend was essential in really cementing the depth of our feelings for one another.
"The coke was a given," she said. "I was in the most popular sorority. We hung out with the best frats. There were so many drugs around. I had no problem getting coke. Any time. And, I mean, you know about Brooke." It was a reference to her college best friend, who had briefly worked for Infinity before branching off to work as a traveling nurse.
"Sounds like my time at UCLA," I said.
"I started pretty mundane, like the rest of my sorority sisters," Katie said. "I'd hook up with my boyfriend. Then I'd hear who were the discreet guys you might get a really good dicking from. But it always seemed too risky to me. And I ended up realizing that Fort Worth was a pretty big city, and there were plenty of opportunities off-campus to have some fun."
"I bet you took advantage of them," I said, grinning.
"Sometimes," Katie said, smiling innocently. "Sometimes I would go out with my girlfriends, and I'd hook up with randoms. Sometimes I was a good girl. It was always when we decided to have girls' night and were outside the normal TCU bars and parties and stuff."
"And you always had a boyfriend, huh?" I said.
"Always," she said, and as soon as she said it, I pushed my cock inside her finally. It caused her to cry out, "Oh fuck! That's what I needed!"
"I'm glad you don't have to live a double life anymore," I said, savoring the initial penetration inside Katie.
"Me, too," she moaned. "I didn't know it was possible. Not until I met you."
"You can tell me more later," I said and covered her mouth in a kiss.
I started to move in and out of her now, a purposeful but unhurried coupling. Katie's pussy was swollen with arousal and wet. Very wet. I could feel the thick juices coating my cock and making our respective thighs slick. My cock pistoned in and out of her with purpose. Her petite frame gave her a slender, tight canal that gripped me with extra force. It had the added effect of directing my cock innately toward her clit and g-spot, and that made Katie cum hard and fast.
"I'm so fucking in love with your dick," Katie moaned happily after her second orgasm crested.
"Shit, babe, I shouldn't have teased you so much," I groaned. "I'm going to nut so fast."
"Do it, my love," Katie urged me. "Shoot that load in me, and we can really get this party started."
She gazed at me with an intense, loving look, then licked two of her fingers. She slid her hand down between us and used her index and middle fingers as a cock ring, squeezing me and sending me to a new level of pleasure.
"Goddamn, fuck," I grunted. "You know just how to drive me crazy."
And with another grunt and moan, I shot a load of sperm into her. The absolute delight that washed over her face was extraordinary to see.
"I'm so tight, I can always feel it rushing into me," she whispered. "It's so fucking hot."
I kissed her firmly, and we smiled at each other. The release, after so much build up, was extra-satisfying. We had both needed it. Katie sat up, and a huge gush of my cum flowed out onto the bed sheets.
"Mmmm, look at that," Katie said. "That's so fucking sexy."
A large blob of sperm sat on top of the spreading wet spot on the bed. Katie bent over and lewdly sucked it up, as if she were drinking from a straw.
"I swear to god," she said, "being with the girls has made me such a cum slut."
"Maybe it's just because I taste so good," I joked.
"I really never swallowed that often before I met you," she said. "Even when I was working for Infinity, guys wanted to either creampie me or cum on my tits."
"They are amazing tits," I said, cupping them.
"Okay, no more messing around," Katie said. "I need a fat line of cocaine. I'm sorry, baby, but I am totally uninterested in dealing with a comedown at any time this weekend. So you better keep me coked up."
"I like you best when you're wired," I said.
"And what's the plan?" she asked. "I'm so excited to be here. We could never leave this room, and I'd be happy."
"Well, sorry to disappoint you," I said, as we walked into the open living area.
Katie went directly for my backpack, pulling out the zippered cocaine kit she knew was inside. I had taken the liberty of filling a handful of vials with insanely pure flake. She wasted no movement, and every bit of her focus was on renewing her high as quickly as possible. She initially laid out four fat lines on the shiny, black bar top, which contrasted to the villa's bright color palette. But then she changed her mind. With a deft hand, she took the carbon fiber card and pushed out the lines, making them at least eight inches long each.
"Let's hit this, babe," she said. "And then show me what you've got planned."
With enthusiasm only she could show, Katie played the role of cocaine magician and effortlessly made two of the lines disappear. She spun around, her chin almost touching the top of her chest and her eyes screwed up looking at me. It was a wicked, naughty picture as her tits jutted out, the nipples crinkled and erect.
"That should have given you a good show, darling," she said. "Now tell me what to wear."
"Pick a bikini and one of the maxi dresses," I said. "We'll hit the tables and then the pool."
"Oh goodie," she said, lightly clapping her hands together as she sniffed.
I approached the remaining two lines. They were ridiculously long, but if we were going to make this a true Vegas weekend? Then I might as well jump in feet-first. So I made quick work of the last two lines, though I left the remnants behind for Katie. I got dressed and returned to the living room, just in time to see Katie rubbing her gums and looking like the picture of a Vegas party girl.
"Where do you want to gamble?" Katie asked.
I went to the bar and popped a bottle of Champagne. I poured two regular wine glasses nearly full. Walking around anywhere with a drink was something I loved about Vegas. We made our way to the casino floor at the Encore, which was quieter and more laid back. The plunging neckline on Katie's dress drew a lot of second looks from the older crowd that populated the casino on a Thursday before lunch time.
"The old guys like you," I said to her.
Katie laughed and said, "They always have. It's why I started sugaring in college. I could satisfy my kinks and get money for coke."
"I knew you were a bad girl," I said. "I guess I didn't realize how bad. Now I love you even more."
She smiled at me.
"I'll be sure to tell you all my dirty secrets by the end of the weekend," she said and slipped her hand into mine.
We strolled over to an empty craps table, and I laid down a $10,000 bundle of banded hundred-dollar bills. Katie had never played before, so we went slow to get her familiar with the rules. At first, she was hesitant to roll the dice, and the table was cold. We went through $20,000 in twenty minutes. I hadn't made a single point. So I explained to Katie that, according to craps legend, a first-time roller was always lucky. I told her we could walk away or that she could take a shot at stopping some of the bleeding.
"Okay," she relented, "but let me run to the bathroom first."
She returned a couple minutes later, and I knew by the look in her eyes that she had bumped up on coke again. She had a new level of energy and confidence, and she took the dice from the felt and rolled. It was a seven. A winner. She rolled again. Eleven, another winner. She proceeded to hit a come-out roll winner six times in a row. We shouted and high-fived, and we started to attract some attention in the casino. A couple other players sidled up to the table, wanting to get in on the burgeoning hot streak.
It became a hell of a run. Katie followed up the come-out streak by hitting four points, along with a couple dozen numbers. We clawed back the $20,000 loss and then some. Thirty minutes later, we walked away from the table up $10,000, and Katie was floating. I had her take our chips to the casino cage and cash them in. Normally, they would just give you a check. But I asked nicely ten grand in hundreds, with the rest remaining on my line of credit. After some scurrying and asking for permission, the cashier obliged, and we walked away giddy.
"That's one of the best natural rushes ever," she gushed. "I had no idea craps was so much fun!"
"It's the best," I said, pulling her close to me.
"What's next?" Katie asked. "Are you going to take me back to the villa and ravage me again? Because I could use it."
"Not yet," I said. "Why would we skip out on our cabana at the pool? It's already almost one o'clock. Besides, I'm pretty sure there's a curtain we can draw for a little fun."
"Won't we get caught?" she squeaked.
"I have a sneaking suspicion we can get away with a lot if we tip our pool girl well," I said knowingly.
My thoughts drifted back to the first time I had taken Kat to Vegas. It was such a thrill to whisk her away from her limp-dick boyfriend and show her a good time. That's when we had met Caitlyn. I was pretty sure whomever hosted us at the pool would be as permissive as Caitlyn had been.
"That's super hot," Katie said.
Also super hot was the pool. It was a scorching July day, and the thermometer was tipping toward 110 degrees. You could see the heat rising from the concrete deck. EDM music thumped. Partygoers tried to stay cool, but I had a hard time determining if their bodies were covered in water or sweat. The poor pool girls rushed around carrying heavy trays of drinks. But after we checked in, we were met by a fresh-faced, bubbly blonde named Courtney. She led us to our cabana, right in the heart of the action. A short time later, she returned with an amazonian girl named Trisha. She was easily six-feet tall, with long, dark brown hair and an olive collection that indicated a splash of both Italian and Latin heritage. I ordered Champagne, and Trisha bent over to hear the order over the din. Her fake tits nearly spilled out of her red bikini top. Then she turned around, lingered briefly to give us a view of her brick house of an ass in the thong bikini bottom, and strode off with confidence to fetch our bottle.
"Girls like that make me so intimidated," Katie confessed. "She's so hot."
"So are you," I said, kissing her neck as we sat on the sofa at the rear of our cabana. It had a TV and a bar but, most importantly, a pair of mister fans that kept us reasonably cool. Trisha came back with a magnum of Cristal for us surprisingly quickly, and I slipped her a handful of hundred-dollar bills from the stack in my pocket.
"Trisha, I know it's not protocol," I said, "but would you mind getting us some real glasses? Tumblers are fine. But Cristal out of plastic just won't work."
Trisha smiled and nodded. I loved what money could do, even if it was a small, harmless bending of the rules. When she returned, we poured short glasses, and came out from the cover of our cabana to survey the Wynn's pool scene. We were on the far side, near the discreetly named "European" area, which was topless optional. Katie realized it immediately when she started looking around.
"Um, there are some titties hanging out," she said, immediately crossing her hands over her breasts.
"This is the topless area," I said with a grin.
"John," Katie said, her eyes wide.
"It's a Thursday," I said. "The pool clubs aren't open until tomorrow. I thought this would spice things up. Besides, there is absolutely no way you don't have the best tits here. They may be the only non-saggy ones in the place."
I laughed, and Katie joined me, albeit nervously.
"Okay," she said. "Give me a few glasses of Champagne and a couple more bumps, and I'm sure I'll be up for it. I've just never been naked somewhere so ... public."
"Well, let's get a refill then," I said, knocking back the rest of my glass of Champagne.
Katie followed suit, and we returned to the cabana for more. The wine was brilliant -- and the best thing to combat the heat. I retrieved a vial of coke from the pocket of my swim trunks, which really looked just like regular shorts, and passed it to her.
"Don't mind if I do," Katie said with a smile.
She unscrewed the cap, scooped up a heaping bump, and shoved the spoon deep inside her nose. Then she sniffed hard and quickly. She repeated it on the other side, returned the spoon to the vial, and screwed the cap back on. Just as she passed it to me, Trisha came to check on us. I barely got the vial in my pocket, but our waitress clearly knew what Katie had been up to.
"Nothing quite cools down the Vegas heat like a little snow," she said with an unworried laugh.
"You're always welcome to join us, if you like skiing," I said.
"That's a very kind offer," Trisha said, "but I'm more a raver girl type, if you catch my meaning. Occasionally I might indulge."
We made a little more small talk, then Trisha left us to our devices. That included my turn to bump up, and then me taking off Katie's bikini top. She pressed her hands over her nipples, squishing her breasts flat like large pancakes.
"I want to show you off," I said.
"Okay," she said with a hesitant smile. "Anything you want to do."
I held her hand, forcing her to let her breasts swing free. They were glorious, and she immediately garnered looks from around the European pool. We slipped into the water with glasses of Champagne and stayed close to one another, sunglasses keeping the blasting sun out of our eyes.
"I'm glad you feel like you don't have to live a double life anymore," I said, kissing Katie lightly.
"I like being able to just be free," Katie said. "But, I have to admit, it was fun. I liked having this secret side of me."
"You know, Kat was like that for a long time," I said.
"I know," Katie said. "We've talked about it. And bonded over it. Quite a bit, actually."
"Oh yeah?" I said.
"Yeah," Katie said. "It's really therapeutic to have someone so similar to talk to."
"I loved Kat's double life," I said. "I guess because I played such a large role in it."
"You did," Katie said, and I could detect a sparkle in her eyes even behind her sunglasses.
"But, I have to say, once we could just be together and have everything out in the open?" I said. "There's never been a better, more honest feeling in the world."
"I can already tell that," she said.
Something in Katie's demeanor had changed. She wasn't trying to cover up her breasts anymore. She smiled at me. She seemed at ease, comfortable.
"You like showing off your tits, don't you?" I said.
"I know I have great tits," she said. "But if you want me to do something? I do it. I know you'll only have me do things that are fun. I trust you so completely, I know I'll be missing out if I ever say no."
I smiled at her and took a drink of Champagne. While the crowd was mostly older, I had noticed a handful of college-aged frat types sitting at this end of the pool. Their leers made it clear Katie had made their day, giving them the glimpse of something glorious that would fuel their masturbatory fantasies for weeks.
"Do you want to play a game?" I asked her.
"Sure," she said. "What game?"
"Look around and tell me which guy you find the most attractive," I said.
Katie scanned the pool area for a minute or two. Her eyes stopped on the group of college guys ogling her and then moved on. Finally, she turned to me.
"Him," she said, slightly nodding her head toward the far end of the pool.
A couple sat on two lounge chairs. The woman was middle-aged but fit, with stout bolt-on tits that pointed to the sky even as she lay day. Her skin was littered with freckles, and she wore a large, floppy hat. Next to her was, presumably, her husband. Also middle-aged, he sported salt-and-pepper hair and, even from a distance, exuded confidence and an easy manner.
"The older guy," I said. "Interesting."
"He reminds me of my favorite sugardaddy from college," she said. "He was a lawyer. Super kind, super generous, a lot of fun. He had a fetish for college girls, especially ones who did coke. So he gave me an allowance but also would give me extra for however much blow I wanted. His wife was also a lawyer and traveled quite a bit, so anytime she was out of town, I'd go to his place and fuck his brains out."
"Naughty girl," I said.
"I loved it," she said. "I loved that my boyfriend never had a clue. I loved that his wife would come home and sleep where he had filled me with cum only hours before."
"How'd you manage to get away from your friends without raising suspicions?" I asked.
"I always studied hard," Katie said. She stood close to me, lightly touching me. "So sometimes I would skip going out to go to the library. Well, at least that's what they thought. Most of the time I was actually going to a club across town where I met guys or hooking up with a sugardaddy or fuck buddy."
"That really was a double life," I said.
"It was," Katie said with a smile. "It was so much fun."
"Yeah?" I said, pulling her close and kissing her neck.
"All the times my boyfriend took me on dates when I was freshly fucked," she said with a laugh. "God, and sometimes, especially with my lawyer guy, I'd let him go a second round and wouldn't even have a chance to really shower."
"What a simp your boyfriend was," I said.
"You have no idea," she said, nestling her ass against my hardening cock.
"When Kat and I first started hanging out," I told her, "one of my favorite things was cumming inside her panties before she went on dates with her boyfriend."
"Oh my god, that's so hot," Katie said, her knees buckling slightly.
"Sometimes, I'd go to the same restaurant where he took her out," I continued, "and I'd fuck her in the bathroom."
"Jesus, John," Katie said, now breathing heavily. "You're making me so fucking wet."
"I even fucked her before her wedding," I said. "And put such a huge load inside her before she walked down the aisle."
"Holy fuck," Katie said. "I didn't know that." She turned around and looked at me above her sunglasses. "I need you to fuck me. Right now."
She finished her Champagne and used her free hand to push through the water toward the pool's stairs. I followed, and we entered our cabana. Katie turned around and held up her right hand, which she had slid into her bikini bottoms. Her slight fingers were drenched in strings of sticky juice. She licked them clean and, flush with desire, was about to pull her thong bikini bottoms down when Trisha returned, bubbly as ever, to refill our glasses.
"Oh!" she said, surprised to find us on the cusp of an intimate moment. "I'm so sorry."
"No, no, please," I said. "I could use a cool down."
Trisha mumbled another apology, and I passed her a couple more hundred-dollar bills.
"Seriously, don't worry about it," I said. "Katie needs to be teased a lot more."
"Such a cruel, cruel boy," Katie said, joking along with me.
We both saw Trisha staring at Katie's breasts. She knew she was busted.
"Sorry," she said again. "We don't get many pairs that nice here."
We laughed.
"I'm going to take that as a huge compliment," Katie said with a bright smile.
Trisha excused herself and closed the curtains to the cabana on her way out. Before she left, she stuck her head in and said, "It looks like you've teased her enough."
Katie grinned at me, her breasts jutting out more than they hung. Her smile was slightly crooked. I might have been able to do anything I wanted, but at this moment she was firmly in control.
"Don't stop teasing," she said. "I want you to. I want to be so desperate for you that you'll do anything you say."
"You'll do that anyway," I said.
"You're right," Katie said and pushed me down on the bench-like sofa at the rear of the cabana and almost spilled the glass of Champagne in my hand in the process.
She kneeled in front of me and licked my cock from stem to tip. She then pressed her tits together, encasing my cock in her firm orbs, and spit between them.
"You've never done this to me before, John," she said as she started titty-fucking me.
"God, that feels amazing," I said.
"I can't believe we haven't tried this," Katie said in amazement. "Guys love fucking my tits."
"They're incredible tits," I said, taking a pull on my drink.
"You know, it was this lawyer who was the guy who really got be into sugaring who was the first one who titty fucked me a lot," Katie confessed.
"Oh really?" I said. "Maybe you should tell me more."
"There's a lot to tell," she said with a laugh, never losing the pace of my cock gliding between her tits. She spit on them again.
"I want to know all of it, you dirty slut," I growled.
"He was the first married guy I ever fucked," Katie said. "He used to love to finger me, and he always used his left hand, so I could feel his wedding ring rubbing against my clit. It was so fucking hot. It made me feel like such a slut that I couldn't stop."
"Jesus, Katie, that's fucking hot," I said.
"He made me love cheating," she said. "And he introduced me to really pure coke. Lawyers, right?"
"I bet you were such a good slut for him," I said. Hearing more about Katie's naughty past was pushing me closer to climax. I loved it.
"I couldn't believe he'd give me the coke and pay me," she said nostalgically. "He wasn't the best fuck, but he loved using me on his wife's side of their bed, and I would leave the biggest wet spots behind. Such a fucking turn on. He also was obsessed with my ass. He begged for anal so much it was almost pathetic. The first few times, I told him my body was just too small. I'm tiny, and one of my frat bros had tried it before, and it hurt so bad. But then he offered me an extra thousand bucks if I just tried it. So I said fuck it, and it wasn't that bad. So, after that, I mostly stuck to married guys in the last year of college, and I set my rule about letting guys do it if they paid for it."
"How many married guys were you fucking?" I asked.
"Six my senior year, off and on," she said. "I was making excuses about having to go study and shit so often, but most of the time I was really just going off to get dicked down by some married guy."
"I think I love you even more," I groaned happily.
"I can tell you want to cum, John," she said, her voice turning silky and seductive. "Plaster my tits."
"Tell me more, and I will," I said.
"Honestly, being such a slut made me focus so much more," she said. "My lawyer went to the office later, so I'd have quickies with him in the morning a lot. Then I'd go to class and take care of my homework, and if I got enough done, I'd reward myself with a date with another guy before making any evening plans."
"It's a wonder you graduated," I said with a strained laugh, my orgasm approaching rapidly now.
"It forced me to be organized," Katie said. "The busier I was, the more I kept my eyes on the prize. But, god, I don't know if I ever went out with my boyfriend the last couple months when I hadn't already fucked another guy."
"Fuck, you're an amazing slut," I grunted and unloaded my cum on Katie's tits.
She grinned and closed her eyes as the hot, milky ropes shot up toward her neck and then back down over her beautiful breasts, coating them in a shiny film that she spread all over her skin.
"Yes, baby, that's what I wanted," she said happily.
I moaned, long and slow, one final time as Katie licked and sucked the last dribbles of cum off my cock. My head was thrown back, my eyes closed. But I reacted immediately when I saw a flash of light through my sunglasses, then felt the whoosh of air as the curtain opened.
"How are we doing?" Trisha said, entering our cabana. With barely a pause, she added, "Very well, I see."
Katie had instinctively stood up, but she didn't cover her tits when Trisha came in. I could see the waitress's eyes subtly fixate on the cum-covered orbs. I hurriedly pulled up my swim trunks, tucking my cock back out of view.
"Maybe some snacks? What do you think, babe?" I said, turning to Katie. Her neck was flushed.
"Do you have chips and guac?" Katie asked, brushing off any embarrassment. I dug the confidence she showed.
"Another bottle, too," I said. "Please."
And Trisha was off again. Katie burst into a fit of laughter.
"Oh my god," she said. "I can't believe that."
"I think she knew what she was doing," I said. "And when."
Katie smiled at me, and she noticed the playful look on my face.
"What?" she asked.
"Don't clean up," I said. "I want my cum on you."
"Okay," she agreed, unblinkingly.
"One more thing," I said, bouncing back very quickly from the post-orgasm low. "Is the guy you picked out still sitting there?"
Katie and I both stepped out of the cabana at the same time, the misting fans on the threshold of the entrance feeling good. Salt-and-pepper hair hadn't budged, but his wife was now dawdling in the pool.
"Yeah?" Katie nudged me.
"I want you to go talk to him," I said.
"Oh, John, what would I say?" Katie said, her voice hitting a higher pitch.
"I don't know," I said. "He won't be listening. He'll be looking at your tits. As he should."
"God, I don't even know where to start," she said.
Then a light bulb went off in my head.
"I'll go distract his wife," I said. "It's hot. I need to cool off. Then you go ... distract him."
Katie took a deep breath. "Okay," she said. "But what's your endgame?"
"Oh, just a little harmless teasing and fun," I said. "Nothing more."
"Okay," she repeated.
We took our full glasses of Champagne and went out toward the pool. I took a meandering line to the attractive woman by herself, lazily swimming in the pool. Her skin was freckled and had been sun-battered to some extent, but her fake tits looked great, with thick nipples. She wore leopard-print bikini bottoms, and had kept on her floppy hat. I watched Katie make her approach, tentative at first and then increasing in confidence, and as soon as she arrived at her target, I spoke to the wife.
"They call it a dry heat, but I think that's bullshit," I said bluntly to her.
At first, she didn't realize I was addressing her.
"Oh, what?" she stammered. "Yes, you can still bake when it's a hundred degrees with no humidity."
"It just isn't quite as wet," I added with a self-satisfied smile.
"Thank heavens for the pool then," the woman added, cracking a half-smile now.
"Where are you folks visiting from?" I asked, taking a swig of Champagne.
"Dallas," she said.
That made sense, I thought, glancing at her tits.
"Oh, well, then you're used to the heat," I said. "I'm originally from Houston, so humidity is more my beat."
"Oh, well, then I think we're not allowed to talk because we're from rival cities," she said.
"Sorry to tell you," I said, "but I live in LA now."
"Huh," she said. "And where is your ... niece from?"
She glanced at Katie, who had taken a seat next to her husband's lounge chair.
"My girlfriend," I said. "Katie. I'm John."
"Hi, John," she said. "I'm Olivia."
"Nice to meet you," I said. "But, I'm sorry, I didn't offer you some Champagne. Would you like some?"
"Oh, I'm not much of a drinker in this much sun," Olivia said. "I'd be drunk in a heartbeat."
"Drunk is more fun," I said.
"So, I don't mean to be so forward, John," she said, "but what game are you two playing here?"
I laughed, loudly enough that I saw Katie look over at me.
"Honestly?" I said.
"Sure," she said.
"Refreshing," I said. "I'm just trying to help Katie build up her confidence. I like showing her off. She tends to like older men."
"I can see that," Olivia said.
"Ouch," I said. "I'm not older."
"It's true," she said. "You're a fraternity boy compared to me."
"You don't look a day over twenty-five," I said.
It was her turn to laugh loudly enough to make her husband glance up at us.
"Well, it's sweet of you to show an old lady some attention," she said. "But I probably should get back to my husband. He's had enough of a show."
And Olivia swam off. I couldn't help but shake my head and grin. Katie was sharp. She saw what was going on, so she stood up, shook the husband's hand, and met me back at the cabana.
"How'd it go?" I asked, the grin still plastered on my face.
"Pretty typical of Dallas people," she said. "They can be so uptight. But, geez, he sure did love staring at my tits."
"I love doing more than staring," I said.
"Duh," Katie said, rolling her eyes. "You see all your cum still stuck to them?"
We laughed. Trisha checked on us and refilled our glasses. When she left, Katie asked me to close the drapes again, and she laid out four large lines of cocaine. As she made the second disappear up her nose, never failing to amaze me with her ability to do large amounts of the drug, I slid my hand between her legs. She threw her head back to get the powder as far inside her sinuses as possible, allowing me to cup her luscious ass. It also caused her back to press against my chest. I took the opportunity to put my other hand against her neck and whisper in her ear.
"After I snort those," I said, "I'm going to get you so worked up you're begging for my cock up your ass."
Katie wriggled free from my grip and turned around. She flung her arms around my neck and kissed me.
"John, if you want to fuck me in the ass," she said, the drawl creeping into her voice, "you just tell me that. And there won't be anything else I can think about until it happens. Whatever you want? Is the only thing I want to do."
"Well, I want you high as fuck and begging to be my little toy," I said, then approached the lines.
She stood where I could see her tits while I snorted the coke. The rush from the blow started to tease out the animal in me, also fed by the buzz from the wine that was creeping up on me. I wanted to ravage her, to own her. And I wasn't sure how long I could wait.
"Anything you want to do," Katie said, licking her lips as I rubbed my nose.
"Fucking own you," I said, grabbing her by the chin and kissing her aggressively.
"You already do, baby," she said. Then she batted her eyes. "But maybe it's my turn to tease you for a little bit. My tits could use some sun."
She strutted away, shaking her ass more than necessary, and sat on one of the lounge chairs outside our cabana. I took her glass to her. Trisha brought us regular refills, and we blew through another bottle. Katie and I played in the water a little, but that was mostly to hide the fact that we were grabbing and touching places we shouldn't have in public. We hit the coke, bit by bit now to maintain a strong high, and drove headlong toward being overwhelmed by sheer physical need for one another.
"Are you happy?" I asked, as we came out of the pool and let ourselves drip dry.
"That's the dumbest question you've ever asked," Katie said. "I'm so fucking happy, it should be illegal."
"Sometimes I think about how I didn't know you as long as I knew the others before we, you know, got this serious," I said.
"We're opposite sides of the magnet," Katie said. "Absolute, irresistible attraction. I have zero doubts. Not even moments of doubt."
"Good," I said, pushing my sunglasses down so I could look over them. "Because neither do I."
"There is just one thing I need," Katie said.
"What is it, my love?" I asked.
"I need a booty bump and your dick up my ass," she said seriously.
"Well, let's go then," I said.
Our exit from the pool was a hurried mess. Katie barely remembered to put her top on again, and we cleaned up the remnants of our sloppy coke usage. I palmed another five-hundred dollars to Trisha, and Katie and I couldn't walk fast enough back to our villa.
When we stumbled through the front door, it was an anxious, sloppy shitshow of desire. Katie dropped her bikini as soon as we walked inside. I did the same, after I fished out a vial of coke from the pocket. She had bent over a knee-height, round, marble-topped side table adjacent to one of the high-backed armchairs that sat in the living area. Her hands appeared behind her ass and spread it open.
"What are you waiting for, baby?" Katie said, her voice pleading.
I crudely spit on her asshole, then unscrewed the cap and used the attached spoon to cover her puckered, brown hole in a small mountain of cocaine. I tossed the re-capped vial on the chair and spit on my hand, lubing up my cock.
"I'm not sure I've ever wanted something so badly," I said as I lined up the tip with the pillow of white powder covering her asshole.
"Baby," Katie said, voice dripping pleading, "I'll always be your good little coked up slut. Fuck me hard. Fuck me so hard. Please, god, please!"
The animal had fully taken over me. Katie wiggled her ass back and forth to tempt me. She had one foot on the floor and her knee on the side table. Her breathing was shallow, ragged, desperate. I pushed away her hands that were spreading her ass cheeks and replaced them forcefully with my own, grabbing chunks of her inviting flesh. She cupped her breasts and tried to push back on my cock.
"You are a horny slut," I said.
"Please, John," Katie said, her voice breaking.
I smiled ear-to-ear and pushed forward.
"Oh, fuck!" I moaned in happy surprise as I felt Katie's sphincter give way so easily. "You've been practicing!"
My cock bottomed out inside her with shocking ease, the coke disappearing entirely up her anal cavity.
"God! Baby! Holy shit! What a fucking rush!" Katie cried out.
I felt the faint numbing of the coke after I pushed it into her ass. It made me harder, and my body tingled with primal needs. And I gave in to them. I fucked her. I fucked her with intent. I fucked her with long strokes, her ass almost squeezing out my cock on each back stroke. We rutted with instincts more akin to creatures in the wild than humans. Our chorus of grunts probably made it sound like that, too.
I wrapped a fistful of Katie's hair, still damp from the pool, around my hand and used it to roughly pull her into me. With the other hand, I began applying vicious smacks to each of her ass cheeks in turn. They became bright pink, then turned darker as my rough treatment of her continued. It was exactly how Katie needed to be fucked. She crashed her hips back into mine, struggling against me as if she needed it even harder. I read her body language and took the hint. I let go of her hair and wrapped my hand around her slender, delicate throat. I squeezed hard as I also pulled her neck back toward me. Katie gasped, partly for lack of air and partly out of surprise. She loved being choked, but I was always selective about when I did it to her.
"I own you, Katie," I whispered in her ear, leaning forward to deliver the message and biting her lobe.
My hips thrust like pistons, and the frantic pace forced me to choke her harder. It was exactly what she needed, and her body convulsed like a seizure patient as she had an orgasm. She had to steady herself with one hand, but her other went to her clit and began to frig it furiously. I spanked her again, the angle a bit awkward, with my hand coming in almost against the side of her ass. She came again, and I could feel her throat straining to get air. When her body stopped quivering, I eased up on the choke.
"Oh my god!" she said, almost doubling over and panting wildly. "What the fuck are you doing to me?"
Her heaving attempts to catch her breath had the effect of impaling her ass deeper on my cock. It was heavenly, and I knew I couldn't last much longer. The numbness from the cocaine was wearing off, and I slowed my strokes to become long and deliberate, maximizing my pleasure. I saw Katie's pussy juice dripping in strings from her perfectly smooth lips and puddling on the table.
"Fuck me, I can't hold it," I told her.
Katie reached back for me desperately. She turned her head slightly, and we sloppily kissed. Then her eyes locked on me, and she looked at me seriously and with adoration.
"I live for your cum," she said, then paused and added, "daddy."
"Fuck!" I screamed at the top of my lungs and emptied my balls into Katie's eager asshole.
The final flurry before I came had thrown us off balance enough that I popped out of Katie's ass crudely so we could steady ourselves on our feet and against one another. She spun around and kissed me. Her eyes were fiery, wired, with massive pupils.
"I want more," she said, playfully biting my nipples. "I can't get enough of you. I want to be such a dirty girl for you, daddy."
I smiled back and kissed her forehead.
"Be careful," I said. "Kat is very territorial about that term."
Katie licked her lips devilishly.
"Kat told me to use it," she said. "She thinks it's hot because I'm the youngest."
"Really?" I said, more incredulously than I had intended.
"You can ask her," she said. "Daddy."
I wrapped Katie in my arms, and we kissed. It was lustful and intimate, betraying that something had shifted between us. We had fallen more deeply in love. Something had clicked into place. I could feel the fusion between us as our bodies moved in unison and our tongues tangled.
"I love you," I said, finally breaking our embrace.
"I love you forever," Katie said, her eyes sparkling.
Then she took my hand and pulled me into the bedroom. She went to her purse and rummaged through it. After a moment, she grinned and held up a butt plug.
"You shot it so deep in me, daddy," she said, "none of your cum has leaked out. And I don't want it to. Will you make sure it doesn't?"
She held out the shiny metal toy, topped with a blue jeweled end. I nodded, accepted it, and she bent over in front of me. I admired my work as she spread her ass for me again. The handprints on her ass were detailed. Her asshole was glistening and angrily pink. I touched her hole with the tip of the plug, and she flexed her anus tightly as she felt the cold metal but then relaxed. Her flesh strained happily at this new entry, and her ass greedily ate up the butt plug.
"Well, that was easy," I marveled.
Katie turned around and smiled, pushing her hands into her wild, disheveled hair.
"Rita has been helping me practice," she said. "She is so fucking good with a strap-on. And I've really, really wanted to get good at anal for you."
"You're incredible," I said, standing up and embracing her again.
"Shower?" she suggested.
I nodded in agreement. A long, hot shower did wonders for refreshing us after the afternoon in the sun. Another round of cocaine didn't hurt, either. We went to dinner at my favorite French bistro at the Venetian. Katie was still developing her food taste, understandable for someone just cracking into her mid-twenties, and had taken a liking to simple, elegant food. I also loved showing her off in a short sundress with a plunging neckline in a buzzing, crowded restaurant. We played some more craps at the Wynn on the way back and yielded all our earlier winnings. It didn't matter. This first day in Vegas with Katie felt like my early trips with Kat. It was unbridled, relentless, and intoxicating beyond the partying. I hadn't planned anything for the evening, so I asked Katie what she wanted to do.
"Let's go upstairs and do coke and fuck until you can't keep it up anymore," she said nonchalantly.
"I always knew you were my kind of girl," I said, taking her hand.
"I always will be," Katie said happily.
But the night didn't work out as I had planned. I made like a Vegas rookie. Katie and I fucked once, and I totally passed out. The sun, the reams of wine, the cocaine, and the pure physical and emotional exhaustion that had gone into the day simply wore me out. I should have been utterly embarrassed. And I was. Later. As it turned out, things transpired overnight that kept me from focusing on that for a little while. Good things.
When I woke up, I was discombobulated. The room was still dark, thanks to superb blackout curtains, but I heard the rustling of sheets on both sides around me, as well as indistinct whispers. I felt something against the skin on my lower stomach. Fierce Vegas air conditioning blasted from an unseen vent. Then I felt a slight tickle in the same area of my abdomen and heard a furious snort.
"Yeah, snort that shit," Katie's familiar voice came.
And then I heard it. Unmistakable. Sultry, slightly nasal from what I presumed was the cocaine, and wired into my brain as the voice of unbridled sexual indulgence.
"Your turn, girl," Nicole said.
A longer, more intent snort followed.
"Fuck me, that is so fucking good," Katie said between quick sniffles.
"I'm so glad you texted me, Katie," Nicole said. "This is going to be a lot of fun."
"It already has been," Katie said, and I heard the smacking of lips.
"Can we wake him up?" Nicole asked.
"He's had enough sleep," Katie said. "And I want to see you take that thick dick."
"You are so sweet," Nicole said. "For real. I need it so badly."
"Shut up," Katie said, suppressing a laugh. "You had just gotten fucked when I texted you."
"Work doesn't count," Nicole said.
A warm hand reached around the base of my cock, then a mouth covered my head. I got hard as a soft, flat tongue brought me quickly to life. It was Nicole. I was sure of it. My eyes fluttered open, and Katie was just climbing up next to my head.
"Good morning, daddy," she said, kissing me. "I was naughty last night. I couldn't help myself."
"What an alarm clock," I said.
"More like alarm cock," Nicole said, laughed, and then got back to work.
Katie and I laughed, too. I let my head fall back against the pillow.
"Fuck," I moaned hoarsley as Nicole took my hardening shaft all the way into her mouth. "What the hell did I miss?"
Katie had almost draped herself across me, kissing my neck and ears and face. She dove toward my ear to whisper to me.
"Surprise, daddy," she said. "When you passed out, I was still so horny, I was going to just play with myself, but I did some more lines and thought I should see if anyone I knew here was up. So I texted Nicole, and she had just finished with a client at the Venetian."
"And I asked her if she wanted to clean up my pussy," Nicole said, allowing my cock to pop out of her mouth briefly.
"Of course, I said yes, obviously," Katie said. "She was such a mess. It took me a long time to eat all the cum out of her. Then we just kept doing lines all night and teasing each other until we decided we needed to wake you up and fuck your brains out."
"Well, I guess I know who the lucky boy is today," I said, still pushing the sleep cobwebs from my brain.
"Oh my god, I want that dick," Nicole moaned as a string of spit trailed off my tip.
"Let me put it in for you, sweetie," Katie said.
She raised up on her knees and kissed Nicole on the mouth before moving down to suck her pretty, fake tits. My cock throbbed seeing the two bombshells make out, their erect nipples jousting as they pressed their breasts together. Katie bent down and gave my cock a quick suck before Nicole moved to climb on top of it. Katie grabbed the base of my shaft firmly and, as Nicole positioned her shiny, wet pussy lips above the tip, Katie rubbed it across them and teased putting it inside.
"I'm so horny," Nicole moaned. "I need to fuck like three dicks a day."
"Fuck him, Nicole," Katie suck. "Fuck my boyfriend while I watch. Tell me how good his dick is."
Katie slipped her hand out just as Nicole impaled herself fully on my cock. Instantly, I was reminded why Nicole was such a fun fuck. Her velvety insides gripped me greedily. She was tight, warm, and enveloped my cock with a magic touch.
"His dick is so good," Nicole said huskily, her eyes rolling back in her head.
"Is her pussy good, too, daddy?" Katie asked me. "Tell me. Be honest. I like feeling jealous. It makes me so horny."
"She has one of the best pussies I've ever felt," I confided.
"Is it tighter than mine?" Katie asked, her hand now slipping down to her pussy, and she nestled up next to me.
"Maybe not tighter, but different, and really, really good," I said.
"Are you glad you're fucking her, and I'm watching right now?" she pushed me.
I understood what Katie wanted.
"If I had to choose right now, I'd pick her," I said. "Her pussy is that good. Maybe you could clean her up again, and maybe I'd fuck you later."
"Oh god," Katie moaned. Her hand quickened its pace against her clit. "You have no idea how much that turns me on."
Nicole had heard the whole thing and smiled at me, her knowing, possessive, seductive, ruthless smile. She ran her hands over her taut breasts, then slid them through her hair. Her hips moved back and forth with a leisurely urgency.
"Do you like watching me fuck other pretty girls?" I said.
"You have no idea how much it turns me on," she said.
"Some idea," I said with a smile as I nodded at her hand between her legs.
She pulled out her fingers and held them up. The juices nearly flowed down her forearm.
"Why don't you ride my face while," I suggested.
Katie's eyes lit up. With nimble movements, she rolled off the bed and, after disappearing, came back with a small mirror and straw. She retrieved the vial of coke that they had left on the bed from their earlier lines off my stomach and poured out the contents onto the mirror. With equal deftness, she flipped one leg over my chest and settled her beautiful nether region just above my mouth. Her back was to me, giving me unfettered access to her smooth pussy and curvy ass. I licked my lips, eager to dive in, but she was just out of reach of my tongue.
"Nicole, have you ever done a line just as you're about to cum?" Katie asked. "It's an incredible rush."
"Not in way too long," Nicole said.
Katie finally smothered me with her ass and pussy. My eager tongue greeted the slick opening and went to work. She was supremely wet, and her clit was swollen with arousal. It didn't take me long to put her to the brink, and it was well-timed with Nicole's own peak.
"Keep sucking my nipples like that, and I'm going to cum," Nicole told Katie, who moaned in response.
The sound of tongue on flesh and lips smacking was quickly replaced with something else, something I preferred even more. It was the sharp, intoxicating sound of cocaine flying up through the straw into the waiting cortexes of these two hot girls. As soon as they finished the coke, they broke out into a cacophony of unintelligible screams that filled the bedroom. They came hard. Then Katie pushed her clit harder against my tongue, and she came again. Just as quickly, she pulled away from me, her body shaking.
"Oh god! Oh god, it's so sensitive! Oh my god!" she panted.
Nevertheless, she didn't let any of the coke on the mirror spill over. She took another hit and set it on the night table. Nicole looked at me with covetous eyes. Her pace continued unabated, her smooth, tan stomach controlling her movements with a steady core.
"Your dick hits me just right," she said. "But don't you think Katie deserves a turn?"
"Of course," I said. "Actually, I've got an idea."
I sat up and pulled Nicole off my cock. She whimpered with disappointment. I repositioned them both. I had Katie bend over the edge of the bed, her feet on the floor. Then I placed Nicole above her, so both their pussies were stacked on top of each other, giving me easy access to both. It was a move that stroked my ego immensely.
"Okay, girls," I said. "Whoever has the tighter pussy is going to make me cum."
Nicole flipped her hair over her shoulder and smiled at me. It was knowing and cocky. And it disappeared in an instant when I sank my cock into her again from behind. Her mouth contorted into a surprised and pleased "O." It had been a long time since I got the thrill of alternating strokes like this between two girls. I relished it. Nicole was tight, velvety, hypnotic. She truly did have a magical pussy. It beckoned you like the song of the Sirens.
Then I switched to Katie. Talk about greedy. Once my head pushed into her folds, she swallowed me up. Her cunt was a vortex for cock, and her petite frame made it uncontested who had the tighter pussy between her and Nicole. And I instantly knew I couldn't last long. The only question was whether I would switch back to Nicole to give her my load.
It wasn't much of a question. I knew Katie loved seeing me with another girl. It genuinely turned her on. But Katie also craved me and my approval. I sensed she still needed to understand just how deeply I felt for her. She needed a win. Her sharing me with Nicole wasn't a jealousy game, like it had been when Kat and I played in similar situations. This was a pleasure game. It was about Katie getting off.
So I switched back to Nicole for a couple more strokes, just enough to tease, and then plunged into Katie a final time. It didn't take long until I announced I was cumming and filled her with a boiling eruption of creamy sperm. While I cried out and seized with pleasure, Nicole shot a look back at me again and smiled. She nodded and gave me a wink. I pulled out, and we decoupled from our slick, sweaty pile.
"That was fucking incredible," I said. "Thank you."
"Thank Katie," Nicole said. "I was so happy to be along for the ride. Bryce is at training camp, and I have been craving some fun. I mean, work is fun, but, you know, like real fun."
"You should come visit us in LA then!" Katie offered.
"Seriously," I said. "Everyone would love to see you."
"You know, maybe I will," she said.
Then Nicole glanced at the clock on the bedside table.
"Shit," she said, "I've got a client at noon. I need to go get ready."
"Who's your client?" Katie asked.
"High roller over at the Aria," Nicole said. "Jess probably told you, but I've been able to put my old host contacts to good use. Infinity has become the first choice for several of the casinos when their whales need company."
"That's incredible," I said.
Nicole eyed the coke. Katie noticed.
"Go ahead, sweetie," she said. "We have plenty more."
"We'll join you," I said. "We've got a big day ahead."
"Do we, daddy?" Katie said sweetly.
"We sure do," I said, cupping her ass and pulling her in for a kiss.
Nicole just snorted up two toots of coke from the pile on the mirror. She slipped her clothes from the night before back on, a sultry little cocktail dress and Louboutin heels. I walked her to the door a few minutes later.
"John," she said, turning around before crossing the threshold. "She's a really good one. Hang on to her. I mean it. Katie is great."
"Don't worry," I said. "She's in good hands."
Nicole nodded.
"Let's hang out when Bryce gets back, too," she said. "But I'll think about LA."
"We'd love it," I said. "You're always welcome."
"That's really nice to hear," she said, and then she was off down the hallway. She had a confident strut, always at home in Sin City.
* * *
Katie and I showered off and spent some time making out while we started the rest of the day slowly. We had room service for breakfast, and I had lined up a massage shortly after it. Katie kept true to her word of not wanting to deal with a comedown, keeping her coke high steady. I kept pace with her. We partied like Vegas was a part of our DNA. From noon on Friday until almost dawn Sunday morning, we never let up.
We hit the Encore Beach Club for a cabana, and Katie ended up doing lines of coke in the DJ booth with a famous tandem of spinners. We shot through ten grand worth of bottles with strangers who became best friends for a couple hours. Rather than go to a fancy dinner, Katie and I went back to the room and fucked for three hours in a flurry of cocaine and rough, needy, unbridled sex. She had hand prints on her ass, thumb marks around her throat, and hickies on her breasts. And she was begging for more when I told her that we should go play craps. She acceded to my wishes and wore an obscenely short, tight cocktail dress with nothing underneath. The luscious, underside curve of her ass was on display every time she threw the dice, leaning farther across the table than she needed to. And she threw the dice a lot. Even when it wasn't our turn.
It was all good, raucous Vegas fun. Friday night rolled into Saturday morning, and we rolled along with another marathon fuck session. This time, we wound up on our balcony, my cock deep in her ass, and Katie's screams serenading two passing foursomes on the golf course barely a hundred yards from us. The leering old men didn't seem to mind in the least.
Being with Katie on that weekend jaunt made me feel young, not that I had ever felt old. At all. It reminded me of my early trips in my twenties with buddies, where we would hit the ground, party nonstop, and not sleep for two days before staggering back home. Katie brought that kind of energy with her. She had a relentlessly upbeat attitude and an eagerness to move to the next thing. After our exhibitionist fuck that last morning, I asked Katie what the next thing should be.
"Any last things you want to do?" I asked.
We had finished up on the bed and were curled up together naked, our hands lightly stroking each other.
"Just go home," she said with a contented sigh. "This has been the most amazing weekend, John. I've never felt more special in my whole life. But I miss everyone. As fun as this was, it's better when we're together."
I kissed her tenderly and said, "I couldn't agree more. We needed this, though."
She gazed at me, her chin nearly touching mine. Her smile was broad and flashed her straight, white teeth.
"I need to tell you something, though," she said. "I've kind of been holding it back."
"You know better than to do that," I said. "You can always be honest with me."
The smile slowly faded, and she simply said, "I'm not sure I want kids, John."
I smiled at her. The girls had been talking about babies a lot. I wondered if I would need to prepare myself for another wave of baby fever hitting the house, especially after what Jess had told me in Mexico.
"You're young, sweetie," I said. "It might be a little early to settle down like that. Just us being together is a big step."
"Yes!" she said. "I want to live life. And, you know me, I always told you I'm not very emotional. I know I'm not ready to have kids yet, and I don't know if I ever will. I mean, it's already kind of great that I get to sort of play mom with John Junior and Katie."
"You are so great with them," I interjected.
"And I'm kind of okay with that, you know?" she said.
I nodded but didn't say anything. I knew she had more to tell me.
"I guess the bottom line is I feel like I'm too young," she continued. "I have more life I want to live before I truly settle down."
"Me, too," I said and kissed her again.
"You're okay with that?" she asked. "That I still want to be a little wild?"
"I think you know I'm okay if you want to be a lot wild," I said.
"I love you," she said.
"I love you, too," I replied.
There was another pause. I felt Katie's chest rise and fall with her easy breathing.
"The most important thing for you to know, daddy," she said, "is when I tell you anything you want to do? I mean it. The choice of words, from the very first time, was very intentional. I find peace in that. If you want something, I will always do it, and I won't ask any questions."
"I know, Katie," I said and pulled her tighter to me.
And that was when the picture of us became complete for me. Katie and I had been welded together. It wasn't an instantaneous thing. We had been building to that moment. But, from then on, we were bonded. Permanently.