I enjoyed Wooededtree's stories and with him not on the site anymore I must acknowledge his inspiration for me to tr and write my first story. Be kind and more chapters will follow. Hope you like the work. Jr. and his friends are all over 18 and at college.
*
"I'm outside on the patio Junior, I can't hear you!" Annie shouted. 'Can you come out here?'
She had been on the secluded patio less than hour trying kick-start her summer tan. Her aqua colored two piece suit stretched over her large tits barely covering the large coke-can sized areolas. The perspiration caused by the unusually hot spring sun mixed with the coconut and baby oils gave her body a glistening sheen. As she sat up, the sheen gathered in small riverlets as it ran over her large breasts, pooling in the cups of her top, before dripping onto the magazine she was holding.
"OK Mom" Junior called out as he closed off his mobile and stepped thru the patio door.
"Mom, it's a three day weekend at college and Jake and his dad asked if I could come up to their new cottage and give them a hand with some work this weekend. Can I go?' Junior's voice trailed off as he saw his mother stretched out on the chaise lounge. Feeling a surge of blood to his heavy cock, he stared at his sexy 44 year old mother, his nostrils catching the wafting scent of warm oil.
'Come out here so we can talk more about it without having to yell at each other and bother the neighbors." said Annie as she put her magazine aside and lay back down resting her feet on the sides of the chaise. Pulling the chaise's adjustable sun shade over her head and eyes, she could not see Jr's face, but that was the idea, as it allowed her to stare at his swelling crotch as he walked toward her. Her nipples began to harden and lengthen pushing out on the soft fabric of her unpadded swim top. The sun shade also allowed Jr. to let his gaze wander from her painted toenails, up her thighs, along the V of her swim suit which highlighted her camel toe, past her slightly swelling stomach to stare at her nipples expanding like newly formed twin volcano peaks. His cock twitched in his shorts as he unconsciously brushed it downward.
"Pull up a chair, but don't block the sun." Annie implored. Jake shrugged off this Tshirt as he dragged a chair across the tiles, set it down next to her out-stretched legs then sat and faced her. "How come you have that old suit on?" he asked.
"Dunno really, I know you and your dad always want me to wear the yellow bikini you had me buy last year, but it's early in the season and I don't want certain parts of me to get burnt."
"Mom, you know Sr. and I like it when you to wear it. I think he likes it maybe more than I do. It makes you look so sexy and I know once you put it on, you love the feelings you get." Jr. chastised as he sat forward in the chair. Now that he could see her face, he looked in eyes and held her gaze. Reaching out his left hand to touch her arm, "At least, lose the shoulder straps to reduce the tan lines." As he spoke firmly but gently, he lightly slid his fingers up and pushed his index finger under the closest strap and pulled it off her shoulder. Annie automatically flexed her shoulder forward easing the strap's fall down to the crux of her elbow.
"Now, you do the other side yourself." commanded Jr. as he sat back in the chair and watched as a slight tremble ran through her body as she reached up tentatively and let the other strap fall. "That's much better, now, peel the tops down a bit to get a bit more sun on your chest." Jr. told her as he slouched down in the chair.
"Jr. stop pestering, and tell me more about what Jake and his dad want." Annie, read the confidence in his eyes, then looking down at her chest and with trepidation, rolled down the top of her suit so the nipples were holding up the top, and her upper areolas were exposed to the air and more importantly to Jr.
"Mom, you know Jake's parent's bought a cottage by the river and they just took possession of it. They want to do a basic clean up before the holiday weekend in two weeks. They said they would pay me and drive me up and back. I can use the money, I want to go and it will be fun, just the three of us! Jake's mother is volunteering this weekend with her church group at the hospital, anyway, I think she is trying to avoid any work."
As he was pleading his case, Jr.'s was casually rubbing his hand up and down the slick oil on Annie's smooth calf that was closest to him. Every time he reached her knee he gently drew circles inside it and pulled out toward his chair, parting her legs more and more. As Annie's legs took on the look of a figure 4, he could clearly see how each one ran up to the curve of her ass and how the inside her thighs formed two recesses that made her mound so prominent.
Annie was biting her bottom lip and gripping the arms of the lounger, but managed say, 'I was hoping that the three of us could do something together ourselves this weekend. You know, go for drive, shopping, dinner and movie at the Cineplex in the next town?' Finally getting the last words out she averted her eyes and because of her arousal tilted her pelvis upward suggestively drawing attention to how her swim suit was being stretched over her swelling lips and digging into her vagina.
Jr. slid his chair closer and slipped down in it even more, opened his legs and let the hem of the shorts fall away so that his cock could expand more freely. His cockhead was searching for the sun light, the fresh air and did not have far to go. He saw his mother's eyes probing beyond her outstretch hand and to find the reddish-purple head of his cock, being presented to her. Staring at the outline of his mother's cunt being offered to him, Jr's voice became more adamant as he declared, 'We can do that anytime, I want to go and besides you'll have dad here and do those things with him." Lowering his voice and stroking higher toward to the dampening V of motherhood, he said, 'Touch it for me!'
His mother looked at him and her eyes were wide, questioning. Did he mean that wonderful cock of his or her throbbing wet pussy? She knew that he loved both.....she loved both. What did he want her to do? The thought of touching the velvet hardness of his cock and stoking it until he cums all over her was the first thought. Her own pleasure of a exposing herself, fingering herself to orgasm for his pleasure was the second. I NEED BOTH AND I NEED THEM NOW she thought. She was desperate for relief, the slow wind up that Jr. had been tormenting her with, was blissful agony.
Reaching down with her right hand she slid it under the waist band of her swim suit. Simultaneously, with her left hand, she let go of the chaise arm that she had been gripping and stretched her fingers touched his knee and began working her hand toward his magnificent cock...the cock she needed.
BRIIIIIIIIINNNNGGG, BRRIIIINNNNNNG, the portable house phone echoed loudly off the metal table next to them. It scared the dickens out of them, broke the fog of lust they were becoming immersed in. Jerking upright, one of Annie's large breasts had fallen free and was tormenting Jr. as it quivered in front of him. His cock was still looking for release but the scare had begun to take its toll.
Leaving her breast to sway deliciously in front of Jr. she picked up the phone. Annie answered, 'Oh hi, Sr. this is a surprise. No, I'm on the patio with Jr. getting some sun.' Listening intently to the voice on the other end of the phone, her face betrayed her emotions as she lost her smile. 'No, I understand. I'll see you in a few minutes.' she sighed as she hung up the phone.
'That as your father, he's been called away to trouble shoot an emergency at a plant in Chicago, and may be gone for the weekend. He'll be home in a few minutes to pack. I'll make him a sandwich for the plane since he won't have time for lunch. Well there go my weekend plans. He's away and you want to go. What am I to do?" she voiced to no one in particular.
Seizing the situation, Jr. piped up, 'Why don't I ask Jake and his dad if you can come to? You and I could drive ourselves, have a picnic on the way. The water is too cold to swim but you can hang around on their deck and work on your tan while we work. I think the cottage has a hot tub. I know that Jake wants to see you again. I'm sure his dad wouldn't mind. What do you think?
A small smile came to Annie's face. 'Let me think about it while I make lunch.' It seems you can turn lemons into lemonade she thought, as she began to collect her things, leaving Jr. to consider the many possibilities.
Mom at the Cottage Chapter 2 by beach©
While watching his mother, still in her two piece swim suit, make a take away lunch for his dad, Jr. was on the phone to Jake. "Yes, I think I can convince her to come if it's fine with your dad. You, think he'll be cool with her coming. Yes, I will tell her to wear her sexy clothes, but what about your dad, what would he think? Yeah, I think he would like to see her great body as well. Super, I'll tell her." Jake closed the mobile connection and spoke to his mother.
'Mom. Jake and his dad said they'd love to have you come, it will keep them from working too hard. And yes, since it the water will be too cold to swim, the hot tub can be fired up to if you get too tired from tanning yourself. They said they might even join you in it, if their muscles are sore from the work. Mom, Jake and I want you come for the weekend, you deserve it.'
'I'll check with your dad when he gets here, now scram and finish your home work. With a brief grin to herself she thought about the might lay in store for her. A submissive life easy she mused, others make the plans and tell you what to do. All you had to do was follow instructions.
'Wow, you look fantastic, I am sure glad some hot weather is here.' Sr. called out breathlessly as he almost ran into the kitchen while ogling his wife's long legs. Dead ahead of him, bending over getting something out of the fridge, was his wife of 25 years. He walked up behind her, wrapped his hands around each side of her waist, and reached down and under to feel her hanging tits. Feeling her swollen nipples, he pressed his cock into the crack of her ass and pushed her almost into the fridge.
'Stop that Sr., I've got my hands hand full!' she playfully retorted. She secretly loved it when he played with her and being in the kitchen in such a revealing outfit was exciting. She pushed her ass back into his cock as he ground into her, then pulled away, to put the food down on the counter. 'I need to finish this if you are going to make your plane....shouldn't you go pack?' she demurred, not really wanting the attention to stop. "Oh, by the way, Jake and his dad asked Jr. to help them out at their new cottage this weekend and since you are going be away, Jr. asked if could tag along. You wouldn't mind would you? I could use more time outside in the sun and I might be of some help.'
Clasping her upper arms, Sr. turned her around to face him as he slid his thumbs under her bra straps and pulled them out, away from her body. Moving his thumbs up, he slid the straps off her shoulders for the second time in less than ½ hour. 'Let me look at you, lean back on the counter and support yourself with your hands and open your legs.' Sr. ordered. 'That is beautiful!' he exclaimed. Leaning back, pushed her breasts out toward him and made the straps fall down further. Opening her legs suggestively pushed her swelling pussy closer to the tent in his pants. She averted her eyes as he stared at her wonton display.
'Can I count on you being good and doing what Jr. tells you to do? Annie nodded. 'Will you miss me? Annie nodded. 'Well, if you wear this sexy swim suit, you won't have time to miss me with three men around. What about the suit that Jr. made you buy last year? I want you to take that one and wear it for Jake's dad. Will you do that?' Annie nodded.
The conversation was making her flush and her pussy between to dampen when Jr. interrupted the moment by calling out, "Mom, did you talk to dad about the weekend.?"
"Well Sr., what should I tell him?" Annie asked as she felt her breasts spilling out of her unsupported top. Sr.'s eyes ran over her sleek neck, down the expanse of her chest, into the oily cleavage as he inhaled the smell of her sex.
"Play with your nipples while I make a decision!' he directed.
Peeling down her top, she bunched it under her breasts, so it was holding them up and out like the shelf bra Sr. preferred she wear. Annie took her nipples between thumbs and forefingers and pulled them and with a twisting motion began squeezing them quite hard. She bit he lip as she saw Sr. rub his crotch. Rolling her nipples, her areolas got bumpy from the stimulation. Her knees weakened and the lips of her weeping vagina began to push against the thin fabric her swim suit bottom. Sr. slid a finger into the leg hole of her suit probing for the tight wet cunt. That part was the easy, all he had to do was follow the juice trail.
Withdrawing his finger, he put it to his mouth and licked it. It was a gourmet taste, the taste of a woman inn need. Annie's eyes pleaded with him, don't leave me like this.
"Sure, sure, go and enjoy the weekend while I fly coach, work long hours, stay in some cheap hotel and eat bad food. Now, stay topless and finish my sandwich while I go pack. I'll tell Jr.'
Giving Annie a wink, he turned and quickly took off toward the bedroom wing. Along the way to their master bedroom, Sr. called out to Jr. that Annie was going with them for the weekend. Jr. smiled and could not believe his luck. Fifteen minutes later, he heard his dad say to his mom, "Bye Luv, say good bye to Jr., make sure you do want he says and I'll most likely see you late Monday.' Tweaking her still exposed nipples with his thumbs, he gave her a kiss on the lips, grabbed his sandwich and shot out of the kitchen toward the front door. Stopping abruptly, he called out over his shoulder: "Make sure you pull you top up before Jr. sees your tits."
Suddenly feeling left hanging and frustrated, Annie put her fingers into the jar of refrigerator-cold mayonnaise and took out a glob and began smearing it onto her breasts and inflamed nipples in a vain attempt to cool them off. Realizing that easing the demanding sensation was futile, she stuffed them back into her top.
Cleaning up the kitchen, she made a cup of tea and returned to the patio and the chaise lounge. Still stimulated she wanted to slip her finger into her pussy and frig herself until she came, but she knew she could not, she did not have permission. The hot sun beat down and she must have dozed off.
She was startled when Jr. called out to her. He seemed so close. Was it a dream? 'Mom, I'm going over to Jake's house. We're going to plan and get organized for tomorrow and the weekend and then study. I'll be back late. You go ahead and have dinner and if I'm not back, just go to bed. Don't worry."
He bent over, gave a kiss on the top of head and said. "Thanks for agreeing to come along for the weekend, it will be awesome." Heading out through the patio door, Annie thought she noticed an extra spring in his step.
Jr. stayed out, but Annie did not worry. It's a safe neighborhood and he was a good kid. She stayed up late watching TV in her bedroom. Partially due to the tingle of her slightly sun burnt skin but primarily due to the excitement of what lay ahead, she did not get a good nights sleep.
The next morning she was up early, naked under her short robe the way Jr. and Sr. liked her to be. She made coffee and was enjoying a leisurely cup while sitting on the patio glancing at the paper when she heard Jr. swoosh into the kitchen to grab a bite before heading to school. Seeing his mom on the patio, he poked his head out.
'Morning mom, you look great. Sorry about being so late last night we just lost track of time. I got to rush, since I have full day on Thursday. I will see you later tonight and we can plan for tomorrow. I have classes until 10 on Friday, then a swim workout. I thought you could pick me up at the college pool, say hello to the team and we could head out about 12:30. According to Jake's dad it is about a 2 hour drive. Leaving then we'd beat the traffic and the map he gave me the route looks simple." He studied her face as he talked and noticed she looked pensive.
'What are you thinking? Jr. inquired.
"Oh, just thinking about what I should take for the weekend, so that if you guys need me I might be able to help you.' Annie replied without really any emphasis.
"Well don't fret too much, I have some ideas and what we don't have we can pick up on the way. Can we discuss it tonight? Gotta run, bye, love you!'
After a quick vacuum of the house and one load of washing she spent a lazy morning in the sun before lunch. After bussing the dishes, Annie felt she needed to personally prepare for the weekend. She ran the shower and soaped herself all overall and shaved her pussy smooth. She rubbed in and then toweled off a depilatory crème ensuring extra smoothness. Naked in her bathroom, she lay a hand mirror on the stool in front of her vanity and stood over it to make sure her red puffy lips could be seen clearly. Tweezering a few loose remaining hairs in the crack of her ass, she knew Jr. and Jake would like what they saw. Ever since learning from her Australian neighbors that EMU oil was the best for the skin she regularly used it. Taking a bottle off the vanity she poured some in her hand and worked it into her skin starting at her neck, then over her shoulders and down her arms. Mmmmm... that was feeling nice. Facing the mirror she dribbled more oil on her breasts and began spreading the creamy warm liquid over them. Stroking in large circles over and under she closed in on her nipples. Bending over to let them hang free, she captured the hard nipples in the palms of her hand and massaged them until they were inflamed. With a final tug downward on each nipple, she reached for more oil. Annie continued with the luxuriously rich potion down over the slight bulge of her stomach and smoothed it over the now hairless pubic area. Reaching behind her, she slid greasy fingers over the cheeks of her ass and worked the oil along her crevasse and over her sweet pulsing rosebud. Returning to face the wall mirror she turned her knees out and squatted a little more so the red gash of her wet vulva could be seen clearly in the mirror. Using two hands she stroked down her inner thighs and back up to her engorged nether lips. She took the index and forefinger of her right hand and made a V, which she slid over each side of her vagina. She did not penetrate, just pushed rapidly back and forth over the cleft. This heated action forced the swollen lips between the fingers and stimulated her clitoris. Simulating herself to the very brink of an orgasm, she forced herself to stop and slumped on the ottoman to catch her breath. There, she finished rubbing the oil in on her legs and shapely feet.
She debated about doing her nails thinking she might have to work at the weekend. However, she instinctually knew that she would be more on display, more a motivator than a doer. She then chose a nice red color and spent the next hour doing her toenails and finger nails. The phone's cordless handset rang while she had still had her feet up on the marble vanity edge. She pressed the speakerphone button and smiled when she heard Sr.'s voice. She called out, "Sorry to hear it is not going well and that you are working hard. I'm just doing my nails, getting myself ready for the cottage.' The tone in her voice conveyed her willingness to please him.
'I'm glad you are taking such pride lately in your appearance. You're a beautiful woman and I love it that you pamper yourself for me. Now, where are you in the house?' he asked.
'In our bathroom,..................naked." Annie replied.
"Perfect!' declared Sr. 'Take the phone to our bed with you and lie down. Open your legs and place the phone next your pussy. I've got a break for a few minutes and I want to hear you masturbate for me.' he directed. Annie shuddered, this is what she had been wanting, needing. She did as Sr. asked and waited. "Now, stroke yourself, I want to hear your fingers getting you really wet, I want to imagine your juices coating your fingers as your cunt lips flare open and your clit swells. That's it keep going, I can clearly hear you're squishy now, I can hear how wet it is. Now finger your cunt, I want to hear the sucking sound of your fingers driving in as far as they can and the smacking of your palm hitting your needy clit."
Annie, threw her head back, contorted her face as she thrust mercilessly into her ravaged opening, Pulling her knees up so the soles of her feet were against her bum and pressed flat on the bed, her knees splayed open even more. She was near the precipice. "CUM FOR ME!' Sr. demanded over the phone. She did, she bucked and twisted. Feeling the rounded contours of the black handset against her nether lips sent images of her gigantic black vibrator flashing in her brain. Almost impaling herself on the phone, she felt it penetrate her outer lips, sending a huge orgasm roiling rough her. Her toes turned under, she screamed and gasped for breath as she flooded the bed with cum.
"My god, my god, my god" she wailed.
Slumping back on the bed, she could barely hear Sr. call out "Good girl, gotta run, be good." Exhausted, sated and satisfied she fell back only be woken an hour later by a persistent "please hand up the phone, please hand up the phone, please hand up the phone, please hand up the phone," coming from between her legs.
Mom at the Cottage Chapter 3 by beach©
Annie roused her self from her sated slumber and hung up the phone that she found was still nestled between her thighs. Looking down her body she saw her legs were caked with her dried cum. Getting out of bed, she trotted to the bathroom feeling very much alive. Taking a warm wet face cloth she began to clean herself. Wiping down to her knees she marveled at how far the syrupy cum had jetted out of her pussy. Pulling the cloth upwards across smooth the skin around her pelvic region caused her to sigh, as the edge of the cloth dragged across the puffy lips of her vagina. Pulling them open with her left hand she pressed the soft cloth to her inner lips and enjoyed the warmth soaking into the spongy crimson flesh.
She finished up with a quick towel pat down and a sprinkle of scented powder in all the right places. She was ready to get dressed and while looking her closet, she debated between the low-rise Capri pants which fitted her like a coat of paint or a front buttoning yellow sundress with thin straps and low bodice. With skin still aglow and tingling from hours in the sun "I think the sleeveless sundress.' she said aloud to no one particular. With the house still hot from the day time sun, she opted for no panties or bra, besides she liked the way the sun-dress hung loosely on her. She did not need more stimulation right now, especially since she was up and had things to do.
Moving to the kitchen she made a fresh pot of tea as she thought about what to make for dinner, what clothes to take, and would the weekend would bring. Leaning against the counter with a hot cup of tea in hand, she stared out the window at the budding trees just beginning to leaf. A brief tingle coursed through her body and surprised, she looked down to see the large round silver knob to the lower cabinet door pressing into her. The light dress fabric provided no resistance or protection to her private areas. Would this obsession never end she thought as she reached down and undid three buttons at her crotch level. Pulling the dress open for about nine inches allowed the cold hard knob to directly tease her clit. With a trembling hand, she set the tea cup down and using both hands she pulled the lips of her demanding cunt apart and began to raise and lower herself against the cabinet. The knob took on coating of her juices as she feverishly tried to mount it. Finding herself stymied in her efforts, she turned around and raised up the back of her dress. Pushing back against the big slippery knob she felt it in the naked crevice of her bum. Raising herself a few inches on up on tip toes she was able to align it with her hole and began pushing back carefully. The ring of her ass was loosening, beginning to open and pushing steadily she could feel the commanding knob gaining entry. This new sensation was riveting, but when she heard the front door open and Jr. call out, she quickly had to pull away.
Smoothing her dress down and she welcomed him home by singing out, "I'm having tea in the kitchen. Do you want a cup?'
"No thanks, I got a few things to do before dinner" came a booming reply.
Settling into to the dinner chores, Annie distracted herself from the demanding sensations of her body. With Sr. away, a quick simple meal of reheating the delicious beef stew from the night before would be ideal. She could make it easily, it was delicious and she and Jr. could eat sitting at the kitchen bar counter café style and talk about the weekend. With preparations underway, she poured herself a glass of white wine and sat on one of the high stools near the counter so she could keep an eye on things.
Jr. came into the kitchen and slouched in one of the lower chairs to ask about her day. Looking up he saw that she had the low heels of her flats resting on the chair rails and following her lithe legs upward and past her hem, he noticed the undone buttons on her dress. 'Mom, you missed a couple of buttons on your dress.' he chided.
'So I did, I must be more careful.' Annie replied as she did the top two up.
"Don't do them up on my account, in fact why not undo the remaining ones and give your gorgeous legs a little more room to move.' he asserted as he watched her hands move lower on her dress and begin to undo the lower buttons. Although the dress was light, with the release of the last button, the way she was sitting caused the material to fall to either side of legs providing an exposed naked V of flesh up to just above her mid thigh.
'That's better on a hot night isn't it Mom?' asked Jr.
'Yes Jr. it is and maybe I made a mistake by making a hot dinner tonight since the stove is making it even hotter.' Annie responded.
'No, mom, you are the one that is making it hotter, with that smokin' body of yours.' rejoined Jr.
'Jr., enough of that kind of talk. What plans did you make with Jake and his Dad?' she asked trying to change the focus of the conversation while taking a sip from her drink.
The thinking is that they would likely be there when we arrive. Oh by the way, we will need to bring sleeping bags as they don't have the bedding sorted out. We can take some ready cooked food for the first night, then we'll be up early on Saturday. Stop for lunch and see if we have everything we need for work. If not, someone can run into town and pick whatever, then back to work. There is a restaurant bar at the head of the lake, and if we are not too tired we want to go there for dinner on Saturday night. Up early Sunday to finish the work and with luck you and I come back mid afternoon. Jake and his dad will stay, finish up, close up and return to town after the weekend traffic rush.
"That's quite an itinerary, what will I be doing while you three are doing the work?' she asked as she twisted around to look at the stove, providing an unintentional profile view of satiny toned legs and thighs to Jr. as her one leg swung away from the other. Returning her gaze to Jr. expecting an answer she caught his eyes locked onto the view up her dress.
A bit embarrassed, he hesitated before telling her what she already knew. "Looking good, getting some sun, keeping us in drinks and in good spirits."
"I think I can do that, but what will I wear? I'll need a whole wardrobe for the different possibilities and it will be cooler up there after the sun goes down. How about you go and get me the large blue suitcase from the garage and take it to my room, while I finish up getting dinner ready. I think we'll eat here at the bar if that's OK with you? After dinner, I know you will want to help me choose what to take?' she gushed as she went to get up. Extending her right foot to slide off the stool, she moved forward but her dress did not, the open V of the dress that was to mid thigh was now open to her naked crotch. Stepping out and down caused her thighs to open even more and her pink gash to be brazenly presented to Jr. who did not miss a second of the sensational sight. Striding into the kitchen, she did not notice Jr. adjusting himself, as her mind was mulling over clothing combinations.
"OK, I'll get the bag but I don't think you need to take much, I'm only taking my shoulder bag." offered Jr. as he opened the patio door to get to the back of the garage.
Over dinner, Annie and Jr. talked about his day. With their laps covered with large serviettes, his eyes continually strayed to the large obviously unbound breasts moving about inside her dress. Every time she raised her wineglass or her fork, her arms caused her breasts it to express themselves above her bodice and then fall as she set her glass down. It was like watching a tennis match, back and forth, up and down both mesmerizing. "Maybe you could wear that dress on the weekend. Jake has never seen you in it and I know that he would get hard watching you undo the buttons for him. Lets see what happens if you undo the top three or four? Jr. requested, his eye never leaving hers.
The scooped bodice held its shape until the fourth button was undone. At which point it fell to the sides exposing her massive breasts and deep cleavage. Annie's eyes watched as her breasts broke out in goose bumps, delighted with the cooling breeze. The gaping bodice revealed the tan lines close to her nipples but stopped short of exposing anything beyond that. "I'm sure Jake will want to see more, but Jake's dad Bill will like this look." Jr. opined. All this talk and exposure with Jake and his dad was making Annie flush but, wanting to go and get her wardrobe together, gave her courage and focus.
"OK, enough, let's finish dinner then you clean up the kitchen while I begin to layout some clothes. When I have them laid out I will call you and you can make sure they are appropriate." stated Annie as firmly as she could. Standing up she leaned over to pick up Jr.'s plate. In doing so, her breasts surged forward, threatening to fall out, testing the limits of the one button holding the dress from showing her nipples. The seven buttons below her falling breasts, held the dress closed around her waist. The result displayed her body like a giant 'X'. With a plate in each hand, she could not stop Jr. from slipping one dress strap to the outer edge of her shoulder.
'Perfect' murmured Jr. when as she turned away the loosened strap fell away, the bodice billowed out and he saw one hardening nipple peek out.
"I'm going to sort out my clothes now. I'll see you in about an hour or so." Annie called out as she set the plates down, pulled her dress strap up, left the buttons undone and strode down the hall.
Rummaging through her walk-in closet, Annie had a lot of choices. Making mental lists she began collecting and laying outfits on the bed she shared with Sr. By the time she was finished she had 8 variations. 'Jr. time to help me choose." she called out. A few minutes later Jr., who had changed into some comfortable shorts and t-shirt, strode into the room and came to a sudden stop.
"Mom, are your going for a week? Why all the clothes?' he asked with incredulity.
Settling into the side chair across from the bed he waited for an answer. "Well the drive up, Friday night, Saturday, maybe into town on Saturday, likely dinner out Saturday, Sunday and the drive back. A couple of warm layers to throw on if it's cold." Annie replied with no guilt.
"Boy, are all women as concerned about their looks, I'm only taking jeans, shorts and a couple of tops? OK, show what you have. I was thinking though that when you pick me up at the pool, we can spend a few minutes with the swim team and I know they like you in your red shorts and white blouse -- you know team colors." Jr. elaborated. Throwing his leg over the arm of the chair the legs of the shorts pulled the material up his muscular thighs and tight across the prominent bulge in the front.
"Now, you are adding to my list not shortening it young man." complained Annie in a half hearted way as she saw him cup this cock with his left hand.
"Ok Ok, show me what you have." Jr. asked. Bending over the bed to pick up the various pieces of clothing she was to propose, allowed the still undone top of her dress to fall away. Her full braless tits cascaded forward only to be stopped from spilling out by that same last button. "Ok here are my ideas. I pick you up in the red and white shorts and blouse but the shorts are too tight to wear for a long drive. At the picnic or if we stop for gas I will change into the sundress I have on. If it gets cool on the way up, I throw this sweater on and maybe these leggings. I have the Capri pants or these blue shorts for Saturday along with a pair of jeans if I need to help you guys. I have a long sleeved top that I can tie up above my waist and wear with the shorts, pants or jeans. I have this short black leather skirt and stretchy top along with a leather vest to wear to dinner. I can reuse most of that on Sunday. I have three swim suits.
Coming around to Jr.'s side of the king sized bed, she bent over to pick up one of the suits. In doing so, Jr. was sure that her breasts had spilled out of her dress. Because she was reaching away, he could not really see, but the outline of her hanging breasts convinced him he was correct. Also, in reaching over the bed, the rear of her dress rode up giving Jr. a hint of her upper thighs and her ass cheeks.
Having to reach further she put a knee on the bed and spread her legs to keep her balance. This let Jr. see the lips of her cunt begin to quiver and start to open like the petals on a flower. She put her other knee on the bed and when on all fours she looked back to see Jr. stroking his cock through the outside of his shorts. Although covered by his T-shirt, she could see that the head of his long hard cock had extend out beyond the top of his shorts and nestle up by his belly button. By now she was getting really wet. Then somewhere between a downward dog and child's yoga pose in you she lowered her elbows to the mattress to fold the one piece suit, her dress came up to her waist completely exposing herself to Jr.
"Since I don't know Jake's dad, did you say his name was Bill, I thought I could start with the one piece and if he was OK with it, you could tell me to put on the one I had on yesterday. I could also use that in the hot tub, although it is white and transparent when wet, its OK if it gets a lot of chlorine on it. If you and the others like, I can bring and wear the yellow bikini on Sunday if the weather stays good. I have a very light see thru cover-up to keep the sun off and a tank top if it gets really hot. I'll bring some different bras, thongs and the like so you and Jake can pick and chose my look at that time." rattled off Annie as she fiddled with the clothes on the bed.
"Wow, you really have thought this out and chosen things that Jake and I would like. Also, there is a girl in one of my classes who had a super sexy tube top on the other day. She said she got it in Clarksville, an outlet town on the way. It's in a store call 'Monkeys.' I thought we could stop and get one for your boobs and another to use as a skirt. We can also pick up gas, some food for a picnic there." suggested Jr. as he stood up and approached the bed.
Reaching between her legs, he was nose deep between her cheeks, seeing the juices begin down her legs, he took a small green thong and passed it up to his mom. "What about this one?" he asked as he stood up and pressed his swollen monster of a cock into the valley of her ass. Grabbing her hips, he held her tight as he lifted his T-shirt and let the sensitive cock head feel her naked soft skin.
"I know it's your favorite, I was hoping you would tell me to take it." she panted as she pressed back into him. She could feel as he reached down and pulled the elastic waist of his shorts below his full balls. Leaning in, he was fully stretched out along the crevasse in her ass, when they heard the bedside phone ring and voice message say robotically. "Call from Sr., Call from Sr.'.
Rolling over on her side to grab the phone, "I'd better get that Sr. does not like to be kept waiting." she said. Jr. gave a silent thrust and caught only air, then fell back into the chair. His mother lying on her back with her legs hanging over the bed displayed her perfect gaping sex to Jr. who was flaunting his steel hard cock. "Hi Sr., I am just laying out clothes for tomorrow. Things aren't going well and you want to talk. Sure, I've got time to listen.' Annie said as she sat up and moved to stand up. "Just a sec, Jr. could you put the bag up on the bed so I can pack , while I talk to your dad?" she asked.
"Sure, mom, then I'll go and finish my work. I'll be up early in the morning and will see you at the pool at noon, ready to drive up to Jake's." Jr. said with disappointment as Annie saw his wonderful hard on began to deflate. "Say good night to dad for me." he mumbled as he walked out with a dwindling tent in his shorts.
Poking his head back in the door, he heard is mother whispering to his father. "Don't forget to dress up for the team tomorrow" he called out.
Mom at the Cottage Chapter 4 by beach©
She wanted Jr. to keep her excited, maybe let her service him, and let make her cum, but knew that if Sr. found out what was going on between them -- her, Jr. and Jr.'s friends, he would kick Jr. out of the house and then leave her. Sr. was on the verge of knowing what was going on between her and Jr. and he had a wicked temper. She could not take the chance. It was for that reason only, she made her son leave. After Jr. left the room, she kept her sun dress on but left her tits out. She knew that Sr. was upset and it took hours to listen to troubles he was encountering on his emergency trip. For the first hour she used the speaker phone so she could multi-task and pack the clothes Jr. wanted to her wear for the trip. With the clothes, underwear, shoes, belts, nightdresses, oils, make up and sun bloc the bag was full, the straps barely holding it all in. Setting the bag down, she rolled it out of the way, leaving it just outside the bedroom door for Jr. to put in the truck. She left the door ajar for some fresh air?
The last hour she was lying in bed, still with the sun dress on but unbuttoned and splayed wide open aimlessly stroking herself as she talked to Sr. She had taken her large heavily veined 9" vibrator out and lay it on the bed beside her. Her large breasts, swollen and sore from hanging free had their nipples begin to stiffen as Sr.'s anxiety eroded. Hoping that Sr. would give her some relief she frequently stroked her toy's long thick ebony shaft. Finally talked out, Sr. signed off wishing her a good night and to keep in touch via mobile over the weekend. She had been looking for release but Sr. was too tired to help her, relief was not offered and did not come. Frustrated she hung up the phone, went about her ablutions and, clamping her black friend between her legs, tried to sleep. With dreams of Jake and Jr. using her and Jake's dad watching, she slept surprising well.
Rousing herself to an empty house, she made coffee and starting preparing for the trip. She watered all the flowers on the patio, did a quick dusting and called a few friends to let them know she would be away in case anything happened.
About 10:30 a.m. she went outside to make sure her large roller bag was secured in the bed of the truck. She then tucked her sun dress behind the bench seat for easy access. She did a quick tidy up of the cab, then retreated to her bedroom to dress for the first part of the trip.
Beginning with a final inspection of her nether regions she made sure she was hairless and smooth. A couple of strokes with a fine razor did the trick. A light gloss of Emu oil helped her slip into the red ½ bra to go under her white blouse. Rather than a matching set, she chose a white thong that cupped her vulva and came up above her hips. The fine white blouse she put on had long sleeves but no buttons. The overlapping lapels crossed her breasts, leaving lots of cleavage which was held in place by the blouse's long tails which wrapped around and tied just under her bra. The short red shorts were skinny skinny. She slipped into them, felt the center seam cling to her ass and dig into her crotch. Sucking in her breath, she did up the two short zippers on either side. With an exhale, any wrinkles immediately vanished. She was pleased to see that her nail polish matched her shorts, and when she slipped on her matching red open toed shoes with 2" heels the reflection in the mirror delighted her. The massive mounds of her breasts cupped gently by the bra could be imagined more than seen through the blouse. The slight swell of her exposed tummy was partially hidden by the large bow. The white thong appeared just above the shorts which extended down to her pubic region stopping at the juncture with her legs. "A bit more sun, and you'll be almost perfect. Now, some lipstick to match, and I'm ready to go." she cooed as she grabbed her sunglasses.
At 5'1" Annie had to step up high into the truck. She liked riding high, it was always a new adventure for her. With her wrap around bubble sunglasses, she set out down the street for the 15 minute drive to the college. As she neared the college, she noticed how empty it was, then she remembered that Monday was a break day for the students, most of which had probably taken off early. Arriving early, she saw the pool's parking lot had a few cars scattered around it. Finding some weak shade off to the side for the truck, she decided that Jr. would want her to come in and watch. With a quick check in the rear view mirror, she determined her lipstick was fine, locked the vehicle and headed for the front door of the recreation complex.
Entering under the bright red and white team logo, she felt proud of the team colors she was wearing and of her support for the team. The i-pod wearing part-time student at the front desk sat up smartly as he saw her curvy backlit figure come in the door and make straight for him. "My son, Jr. said they were swimming today and I could watch. Where do I sign-in or is there a fee?' she asked as she leaned over the low counter offering the expanse of her breasts as payment.
'No...no need to sign in, it's free for the practices, the door is over to your left." he replied never once looking her in the eyes but staring blatantly at the never ending cleavage. Striding away she reached back and smoothed the waist of her tight shorts allowing more of her thong to show and then tugged up the bottoms to expose the cheeks of her bum.
Entering into the seating area of the pool, the smell of chlorine nipped at her nostrils. Annie made for the first row to get a clear view. She saw Jr. with a short older man and gave them a wave. They began to walk over in her direction as she sat down with her knees together. "Mom, this is Coach. Coach this is my mother." introduced Jr. The seating area was raised which resulted in the shorter man was staring directly at Annie's legs.
'Mrs. Sullivan, I've seen you from a distance at the meets. Jr. told me you might stop in today. Glad to finally meet you personally.' he boomed out, thrusting out his hand. Jr. who was standing behind the coach, caught his mother's eye and tilting his head to the left, subtly motioned it was ok for her to open her legs. Leaning forward to shake his hand, she leisurely let her legs spread providing him with a direct view of what was a magnificent camel toe. The coach gulped in surprise and tried to look way before being caught. He couldn't his eyes were blocked by her breasts which had spilled forward pushing at the gap in her blouse as she continued forward to reach his hand. Jr. smiled to his mom and encouraged her more with his eyes.
"Thank you coach, it is great to see the team doing so well. I think more parents should wear team colors don't you? It is a real motivator." she implored not letting go of his hand, in fact pulling on it and drawing him nearer to her. As they leaned together, he saw her blouse fall away from her chest and he could clearly see the red bra. He eyes widened in surprise. He had never seen a half-bra like that. Stopping at mid areola it had been specially made with openings for the nipples. Each opening had a ring of elastic, so like a cock ring, when the nipple was engorged and put through the hole, the elastic held it firm and full. They were on show, right in front of him; huge, prominent and so accessible.
Pulling his hand to her lap and gripping it with her other hand, while bending way over to get down to his level, she put her lips to his ear, "Coach, I brought a program with me, could I get you and the team to sign it for me. I would love it!" she purred dropping his hand onto the exposed inner thigh, inches from her crotch. His fingers felt the smooth skin and as he pulled his hand back he spread his fingers out, tracing a line to her knee, where she had the program balanced.
"Of course, anything, and I mean anything for a parent who is so passionate. About the team I mean." Coach replied as he took the program. Sliding forward in her seat she presented herself to him, "Balance it on my knee if you want.' Annie offered handing him a pen. He did just that. Slipping in between her legs, he was at eye level with V of her legs meeting at tight leg holes of the shorts which defined the protruding contour of her swollen cunt lips. He put the program on one leg, rested his elbow on the other leg, forced them apart even more, leaned in and signed his autograph without taking his eyes of the prize inches in front of him.
"Thanks coach. Can I come down onto the pool deck to get team autographs and maybe a picture." She said as she took the pen back, rolled up the program and rubbed the long thick cylinder sensuously over her legs."
'Of course Mrs. Sullivan, the gate over there will get you down. May I help you?' he graciously offered.
"That would be so kind of you, you are so gallant." Annie said rising up and moving toward the gate. He met her there and took her hand to steady herself as she descended the stairs. "Coach, I think Jr. wants you to call me Annie." she said submissively as he let her move ahead to join Jr.
The loud shrill of his whistle broke the sexual tension. "Team, take a 10 minute break." the coach's voiced echoed through the space.
"Guys, come and meet my mom," Jr. called out as Annie stood meekly at his side. "Mom, this is Bill, Ted, Kevin, Dan, Jeff. You already know Randy and this is Dom. Guys, this is my mom." stated Jr. proudly. Although they had seen her, in the stands and picking up Jr.,, they had never been this close. Their eyes were big as saucers as they looked down at her.
"Hi, Mrs. Sullivan." came the chorus of young voices. Surrounding her, Annie could not believe how big they all were. Like Jr. they were all six feet three or four inches, narrow waists, broad shoulders, long arms, big feet (does that mean anything she dreamed) and dripping wet. The small wet race suits did little to conceal their privates. Some had a small tuft of hair above their suits but many, like her, obviously shaved themselves smooth. Reaching out to shake her hand they dripped water everywhere. Numerous drops fell on her blouse, revealing more clearly what lay beneath.
The wetness caused the fabric to cling to her breasts and accentuate the large protruding nipples. Annie noticed that some of the boys had cupped their hands over their crotches to hide erections, a couple openly rearranged themselves in front of her. Randy and Dom were different, they daringly let their tenting suits display the outlines and size their sex. Making small talk, she passed the program around for them to sign. Dom purposely dropped the pen and when he picked it up, he ran the rounded end up the inside of her leg as he stood up. He felt her pelvis twitch and knees flex as she moved her feet apart. He signed the program knowing he would see her again. "Now for a quick photo.' Jr. called out as he lined everybody up with his mom in the middle. The boys on either side, looked down her blouse as they pressed in. Annie reached behind to put her hand on their waist and in doing do, the back of her hand lightly passed over the straining cocks of the boys in the back row. Randy stood directly behind her and pressed his huge cock into her mid back. Placing his hands on he shoulders he pulled back slightly which thrust out her breasts even more.
The flash went off, but Jr. seemed unsatisfied. "We need one closer together. Squeeze in everyone.' he ordered. They were happy to do so. The flash captured Annie sandwiched between 7 handsome almost naked hunks. It also captured the smile on her face. 'That's great. Mom, I'll go and shower and then we'll leave." stated Jr.
"I'll wait with your mom in the meantime.' offered Randy. The rest of the team broke for the showers calling out, 'Great to meet you Mrs. Sullivan.'
'Mrs. Sullivan, why not sit over here while we wait for Jr.' suggested Randy firmly, as he took her elbow and directed her toward her toward the bench along the wall. Annie remembered spending time with Randy, Jake and Jr. He was the only African American on the team and the white swim suit sure looked fantastic on him. It hugged his shapely butt and seemed to emphasize the huge cock that was stretching out the front. Sitting down, Annie was looking right at the tightly stretched front of his suit. He stood close and slightly off the side and raised one foot to rest it on the bench. With the pool deck clear of people this was little chance of being seen but this movement gave them more privacy. She remembered his cock to be as big as her vibrator, the same color and looking at it now, it seemed just as hard. Randy stepped in a little closer. "Annie, touch me' he said quietly but firmly. Annie, looked at his eyes, knew that he meant it and tentatively but surely reached up. Her hand contacted the cool wet suit and found the root of his cock starting above his swollen balls. Sliding her hand outward, she found the underside ridge and followed it out to the flared head. The head caught under the waist band jutted obscenely out past his hip. Oh my, she thought, it's gotten bigger since last time. Her lips opened slightly and her breath got shallow. He pressed his hips toward her as she tried to grip his cock. She could not grasp it because it was encased in the slippery sheath of the suit, so she caressed the cock head with her thumb. Randy pressed in again and this time his cock was under her nose. Putting his hand on the back of her head, he pulled her toward his stallion like cock. With little regard for anything, she parted her lips and played his cock like a harmonica. Her lipstick left a foot long trail along the white suit. Like ink on a finger print it disclosed a heavily veined texture and many bumpy ridges.
'Help me Annie, show me your tits.' Randy stated as he looked around to make sure the coast was clear. To be doubly safe, he grabbed his towel and held it open behind him to make a curtain. Annie took both hands and pulled the blouse away and tucked the lapels under the breasts. Randy looked down the slope of white flesh to see the red bra with the nipples sticking out. Annie, rubbed her breasts and tweaked her nipples, pulling them out through the elastic ring that was helping hold them rigid. The new burst of blood engorged them to be almost an inch long. Dropping the towel in lust, Randy pushed her hands away to thumb the rubbery protrusions, causing a sharp intake of breath from Annie.
"Now Annie, or should I call you Mrs. Sullivan, take me out and make me cum." Randy told her. 'Call me mom." replied Annie as she raised her hands to the top of his suit. She heard an intake of breath and saw his chiseled abs contract allowing space at the waistband for her fingers. She pulled the spandex out over his swollen log of a cock and then down to release his hairless balls. The taut material contracted and was trapped below his sex. The black scepter confirmed his position as the dominant. Annie, eyes widened in shock as looked at the gigantic black cock arching out and coming to rest on her shoulder. Her small hands barely wrapped around his girth just below his cock head. She lifted his lengthening cock and stretched the skin tight as she pushed it back to his body. The cock head raised its flared ridges and eagerly awaited her lips. She leaned forward and took the end of it in her soft warm mouth.
"Hurry mom, we don't have a lot of time.' encouraged Randy through gritted teeth. Annie worked the magic of her mouth, lips and tongue over the end of cock. Slurping vigorously she sucked on the huge red knob. She knew she could not deep throat him, but she stretched her mouth over the flared end and left a lipstick ring four inches down the quivering shaft. Not even half way on his cock. She pulled back cupped his balls and felt them tighten. She heard a door slam and tried to see where it came from.
Randy sensing this, held her mouth tight to the end of this cock, and whispered, "I don't care who it is, I'm close, don't stop.' Her eyes widened as she saw Jr. step up beside Randy. Blocking the view from the rest of the pool area, he watched as Randy thrust into his mother's mouth. Grabbing the camera from the bench, a sudden series of flashes, was the only evidence of something happening.
"Open up mom, let Randy finish!' instructed Jr. Pulling off the end of his cock, his mother opened her mouth and held up her large flushed tits. Randy grabbed his cock and with two strokes shot a load of hot cum into the back of her mouth. Annie gagged and the second load hit her square on the mouth and dripped down her chest to collect in her cleavage. The third blast added to the mess on her chest. Annie caught her breath, opened her mouth and stuck out her tongue. Randy laid his cock on her tongue and fired another blast of his seed into her. She swallowed the thick salty offering as fast as she could. She scooped the cum from her cleavage smeared the dripping hot cum over her breasts and coated her nipples. She swallowed the last drops then lapped up the residual drips on his cock. Randy, pulled her face into contact with his cock and wiped it on her face. Pushing down, he made her lick his balls to finish off the cleaning. Jr. finished taking pictures when Annie stopped worshipping his cock and hung her head.
Randy slipped his softening member back into the lipstick stained suit. With a slight smile, he knew he would have some explaining to do, if his team mates saw the red slash. Randy picked up and handed his towel to Mrs. Sullivan, motioning for her to clean herself up. "Thanks Annie, you were fantastic." and giving Jr. a slap on the back, walked away calling out, 'See you at practice next week.'
The part-time receptionist and the coach saw Mrs. Sullivan follow demurely behind Jr. past the counter. With her lipstick smeared, her blouse in disarray and her breasts encrusted with Randy's residue, a nod to each other acknowledged she seemed to have a satisfied glow to her face.
They followed her sexy ass in the tight red shorts right out the door.
Mom at the Cottage Chapter 5 by beachsf1©
Stopping at the Mall
Sorry for the delay in posting story, some how I lost access to my account, so I started another one.
Stepping out of the recreation center and seeing the parking lot empty, Jr. waited for his mom. Stopping her with a light touch to her arm, he looked down at her and said quietly, 'Mom, undo the zippers on your shorts."
Annie, scanned the parking lot, then over her shoulders looking to see if anyone was around. "No one is here mom and even if they were, I want you to do it.' Jr. stressed. Annie reluctantly, but without hesitation, pulled the short zippers down and the front of her shorts fell away to reveal the damp white panel of her thong. Although no one saw her, walking exposed like this, was exhilarating to Annie. The shorts were so tight they stayed up, although the back began to slip down as she neared the truck. She had not come down off her high of servicing Randy and she hoped that this was the start of more stimulation and maybe some needed relief for herself.
"May I drive mom." Jr. asked but in doing so it gave him pause for concern. On one hand he had just watched his mother give Randy a blow job, and now he was telling her to show herself off. I guess a son is always a son he reflected, needing his mother's permission for some things, while giving permission at other times. It's part of growing I guess.
Arriving at the truck, Randy help her step up and in to passenger compartment. He watched the seat of her shorts slip down to completely reveal the thong running down the furrow of her bum and her soft round ass. As she swung her one leg in, he stepped between her splayed legs so he could see her thong wedged into her vagina. Bending slightly forward he enjoyed the odor of her arousal. Stepping back he ran his hand over her naked ass and helped her lift her other leg in and slammed the door closed. Climbing into the bed of the truck he secured his bag, then jumped over the side, then climbed up and in behind the steering wheel.
Although the truck had been in the shade it was warm inside the cab and the vinyl seat was hot on Annie's naked thighs. She wedged herself between the seat back by putting her feet on the dash, so as not to burn herself. 'Jr. can you please get the AC going so we can cool the cab down and make it comfortable.' she asked.
"I have already on it, but sit on this cotton blanket in the meantime." Jr. said solicitously. "Do up your seatbelt so we can get going.' Jr. sang out, "Let's hit the road!', then took off with a start.
Easing herself down, she found the temperature and feel of the blanket to her liking, she stretched her legs out and kicked off her shoes. Sitting in her thong, with the red shorts open and bunched under her, was attracting Jr.'s attention. "Mom, just take off your shorts, they look like a red belt that has slipped down and way up here no one can see you. Besides, they are so tight they must be cutting off the circulation to your legs. Go ahead, do it now." Jr. insisted. Annie raised her pelvis, wiggled her hips and pushed the shorts down her legs. Slipping them over her feet, she shook them out, folded them and put them in the glove box. 'That does feel better, thank you Jr." she sighed.
In the glove box clutter she saw some wet wipes. Taking out a couple she showed them to Jr. Should I clean up, her eyes asked. Jr. nodded. Opening the package filled the cab with the scent of lemon. She wiped around her mouth and down her neck. Untying her blouse she opened the front to see her breasts covered in dried cum. She had pretty well coated her entire chest. She took a new towelette and began to clean off the gift from Randy.
He should have been watching the traffic but Randy was enthralled by his mother's actions. His eyes darting from the windscreen to her actions, resulted in some erratic driving. He almost rammed the car in front when Annie popped the clasp on the front of the bra. Her tits tied to spring apart, away and down but were being held captive by the elastic rings around her nipples. Like a chain to nipple clamps they held her breasts up but let them jiggle with every bump they hit. It was quite a sight. She wiped the towel over the gash of naked flesh from her neck all the way down to her thong. Pressing the damp cloth onto her thong turned it transparent, allowing the soft pink lips to be visible. She drew the cloth up and paid special attention to cleaning her nipples.
"Now that you have finished, slide over closer to me mom, so you can get some more AC. I've got a new idea" Jr. said while he reached back to ease the blouse off her shoulders. As she slid to her left, to the middle of the bench seat, the blouse came off and fell to her right, the outside. Jr. put his arm out and touched her neck. Annie shivered. He opened his palm and slid it down the front of her body, between the breasts being held in check by the red bra then on down to the thong encasing her swelling labia. Slowly, he did it again and again. The cool air from the AC vents directed at her made her nipples hard which contrasted with the heat she was feeling from Jr.'s hands.
Grabbing the large ivory knob, he made the shift into fourth gear as they entered the highway. They were out of the city and really on the road. The Hurst floor shifter that Jr. had put in the truck was Sr.'s idea, a salute to his younger days as a rowdy young man. With his right hand, he drew his mom's left leg closer to his. It bumped into and then was dragged over the gear shift knob. Pulling her still closer, her leg was touching his, then on top of his. "That's it mom, closer, straddle the knob, pretend you're riding it." Jr. directed as he moved his arm away from her leg so that he could put it behind her neck to slowly push her body down.
Annie slid down to the front the seat and rested her pussy against the vibrating knob. It felt so good, after days of no release, it was what she needed. With the motor turning over at 2,500 rpm, every vibration and bump from the road was like an arrow to her core. It wasn't enough. Raising her hips up she reached under her bum and then up to catch the top of her thong with her index finger. She pulled the wet thong down and desperately pushed her bare labia against the slick knob. The lips of her cunt parted and tried to accommodate the three inch diameter knob. She loved it so much, she pushed, wiggled and contracted the muscles in her crotch to maximize the sensations. Jr. wet his forefinger and reached out to rest it on her clit. Her clit reared up demanding more. Jr. gently pulsed short little touches on the inflamed bud.
Annie reached up and pulled her nipples. She pulled hard, as hard as she could. She screamed with a giant orgasm. She flooded the blanket with her juices. For a second the wet juices allowed the spongy inner lips of her cunt to flare open and accept the full size of the knob. Impaled on the delicious intruder she pushed down and gripped it harder, shuddered and fell back releasing the dripping knob from its cave.
Oh my, oh my, oh my, was all that Annie could muster. She pulled her legs away and lay on the bench seat. With the back of her head on Jr.'s right thigh she stretched out as best she could. Her left hand dropped lifelessly to the floor while her right hand adjusted her tits to make them more comfortable. Her right leg was bent vertically, leaning against the back of the seat while her left leg was bent horizontally, letting her knee rest against the dash. Splayed wide open on and on display, she quietly caught her breath.
Looking down the length of the languid soft flushed body of his 45 year old mom, Jr. liked what he saw, liked what had happened. He knew that he was in control and that it would be a great weekend. Brushing her forehead, he caressed her temples as she came down from her high. Pulling out around a slower semi trailer, he heard the driver blow his air-horn as he saw the wanton display going by.
Five or ten minutes later, Annie rolled over and felt the length of Jr.'s cock brush against her cheek. "My turn." Jr. soothingly urged. He watched his mom, unbutton his jeans and struggle to open his fly. Once freed, his rock hard cock sprung out and his mother quickly captured the angry red end in her mouth. She loved his cock, always had. She nursed the end but was blocked from going down on him by the steering wheel. She had to content her self with by sucking on just the end of her son's adorable cock as he drove. Gripping his cock head with her lips she nipped at the sensitive tissue. She put the end of her tongue down the split at the end. She tasted his arousal. She slowly nursed it like she would drink through a straw. After about 15 minutes, she tasted serious pre-cum and knew her reward was close. She felt him raise himself off the seat as he tried to shove his turgid cock into her mouth. She drank until he stopped flowing. She swallowed the first half of his load as fast as he could deliver. She saved the last half in her mouth. She reached up and took the softening penis in her hand and held it until it stopped twitching. She pursed her lips and kissed the end of it then rolled on her back to look up at him.
Opening her mouth she looked straight into his eyes as she showed him her cum filling. He watched as she pushed it with her tongue and played with it on her lips. She rolled the ropes and strings into a creamy ball with her talented tongue, then with an open mouth swallowed leisurely. Looking up, Jr. just glimpsed the sign, Clarksville -5 miles. Although her blatant display had caused his cock to twitch back to life, he regretfully declared, "Mom, five miles before we stop. You need to sit up and get ready.'
The couple in the car behind saw a woman's head rise up past the rear window of the truck. They saw her appear to take off her bra, show it to the driver then put on some kind of top. Slowing down, the female driver said to husband. "That was interesting."
"What was?" he replied pretending not to have noticed. A few minutes later the raised pick up truck, with big wheels, turned off the highway toward the outlets in Clarksville.
"Now, she said it was off this exit on the left then an immediate right. There it is!" Jr. exclaimed excitedly, as he pointed at the shop with "Monkeys' printed on its canopy. Pulling up in front, he turned to his mother who, in a manner of minutes, had some how shed her bra and pulled on her thong and sundress, done up a minimum number of buttons and was now fixing her lipstick and makeup. Closing the mirror on the back of the sun visor, she flipped it up and declared herself ready to be seen.
Jr. ran around the truck to help his mother out. Rather than stepping directly out, she turned in her seat and presented to ass to Jr. He reached under the sundress, and starting at her knees, slid his large rough hands up her legs, over the smooth cheeks to firmly take hold of her hips to help her down. Putting her foot out, the back of the dress rode completely up, showing the thin strap of her thong running up the crease in her bum. When she turned around, he noticed the dress, from her nipple line to her crotch, was held together by only six buttons. Many of which seemed to be straining. Guiding her into the store, they both blinked at the darkness which was lit with spotlights to feature the outfits.
A woman's voice called out a welcome from the darkness. Continuing into the store, they saw a well tanned full-figured woman, about 55 years old and shorter than his mother coming toward them. The formal small reading glasses, around her neck on a cord, hung like a pendant hanging between her massive tits. She was wearing exactly what Jr. had brought his mother to buy. The sales clerk looked at the ring on Annie's finger and the youthfulness of her companion and quickly guessed what was going on. "Can I help you, I'm Maggie the owner?' she inquired as she waved her hands indicating this was all hers. "Monkey business is what I am all about" she giggled.
'A friend of mine at college had some of your clothes and my dad and I wanted my mother to buy some thing like she had to update her wardrobe. She usually wears something like she has on now.' said Jr. as he pulled away the front panel of Annie's skirt, raising the hem and showing off her legs. The owner took the other side of the sun dress and pulled it away to get the full effect.
"Yes, I see what you mean, that is a very nice look. What about the top? she asked. 'Mom, show her what dad and I like about this top." instructed Jr. Sensing what he wanted her to do she bent forward allowing the unbuttoned low cut bodice to fall open and her breasts to spill forward. Stepping forward the owner, pulled the bodice away, letting Annie's heaving tits hang free. "Fabulous, but the dress is so limiting. It's either open or its not. There are so many other tantalizing options, that's why I design and sell only my own creations." Maggie stated unequivocally.
"Take the outfit I have on, for instance." as she stepped back to show off. "The yellow is a new spring color. Besides being so comfortable, this ribbed jersey top can be rearranged many ways almost instantaneously for a different look. Pulling the bottom hem of the top down over her protruding stomach it blended with the exact same one around her waist to look like a short cocktail dress. Smoothing the top down, she deftly moved it so the top half of her huge areolas were uncovered. Annie stood and looked on in wonder. Jr. was spell bound. Pulling up the bottom hem back over her stomach she folded it up over the top so that it formed what could only be described as a horizontal bra strap, a la Jean Paul Gauthier' across her chest. It hid only her nipples but left the weight and fullness of her sagging breasts fully visible. As she bent over, the jersey material strained to retain the coverage. It must have been good elastic, thought Jr. since it held the weight. Maggie grabbed the hem of the skirt bottom, pulling it up to her waist she created a micro mini which exposed the garter belt holding up her stockings. Then peeling the top of the now double thickness skirt down, she settled it partway down her neatly trimmed landing strip. The result was an eight inch band of color under the belly. Doing a pirouette Annie and Jr. could see the top of the crack in her ass and twenty inches of naked flesh from her breasts to her groin. 'Voila, different looks and different combinations for any occasion!"
"I think you'll love wearing it mom. I know dad and I will love to see you in it. We want you to buy it. Do you like the fabric, mom?' asked Jr. as he motioned for his mom to feel the texture. Reaching out she fingered the fabric spanning the gap between the owner's breasts. Pulling it toward her to get a better feel, the gap widened and owner's breasts fell free. Startled, Annie let go and heard the material snap back against Maggie's skin.
"Oooohhhh, I like that, please do it again." coaxed Maggie as she looked at Jr.
"You heard her mom, do it again." Jr. echoed. Annie took the top in the same place, pulled it further away while the store owner held her ground. Annie let it go. WHAP, the sound of the elastic hitting her broad chest rang through the store. "Again, harder" commanded Jr. Annie, grabbed the fabric and pulled it back like the string of a bow. Angling it down she aimed directly at Maggie's nipples, she let it go for a direct hit.
'EEEEEiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii' came a cry of pleasure from the shorter woman. Quickly pulling the elastic strap down, Maggie hefted her huge tits and began pushing her nipples up into Annie's. She then leaned in and up and began kissing Annie on neck below her ear. Jr. stepped in behind Maggie, reached down to find the bottom of her belt like micro mini around her waist. The garter belt was all that was under the dress, no panties. His large hands were dwarfed by the size of her ass, but he pawed and grabbed handfuls of flesh as best as he could. Maggie had moved down on to tonguing Annie's nipples as she tugged at the buttons on her sundress. The dress fell open and Maggie continued kissing and licking downward. In doing so her ass was pushed back into Jr. and her massive jugs hung like udders. Gasping for breath, Maggie rose up to her full 4' 9" and motioned for Annie and Jr. to follow her. Walking quickly to back changing room, she called out, "Stella, I'm showing some customers some clothes, don't bother me for 20 minutes or so.'
"Who was that?' Jr asked as they entered the large cubicle. "Just my assistant.' said Maggie as she maneuvered Annie to the bench. With Annie on the bench, Maggie knelt in front of her and gazed at the see-through thong protecting Annie's vagina. Maggie's fingers reached around the thong and dug her fingers in behind. She quickly slipped two fingers inside as she used her elbows to encourage Annie to bring her knees up and place her feet on the bench. Unimpeded, with a clear shot to the goal, she buried her face in Annie's bald pussy. Last into the room, Jr. was presented with a sight that he had longed to see.
He knelt behind Maggie, opened his jeans and took out his weapon of mass seduction as Annie called it. Bending it down and dipping his hips, he slipped his cock between the pudgy cheeks of Maggie's cunt. She was wet, so wet that he had no difficulty burying it the hilt in one thrust. He continued to ram and pummel her while she ate out his mother. Annie was now holding her legs up via her shins so that Maggie could stick her tongue right in to her gapping hole. Riding Maggie doggy style allowed Jr. to see his mother slide forward on the bench so that Maggie could lick his mother's rosebud. As Maggie's tongue worked the back orifice, Jr. felt familiar stirrings in his loins. Annie had three of her fingers her stuffed into her own vagina. The fingers of her other hand, were pounding her clit. Maggie had a finger in Annie's ass and her tongue working the outer brown ring. Could it get any better than this" Jr. thought.
Yes it could as he reached around and began milking the nipples of Maggie's huge hanging udders. He felt Maggie's other hand reach under and squeeze his balls before starting to frig herself. Maggie soon began bucking her hips and squeezing her cunt as she came. This caused Jr. to bottom out and pump copious amounts of cum into her womb. Her orgasmic shouting, also caused Annie to squirt a stream into Maggie's mouth which she clutched tight to her pulsating vagina with her hands.
Yes it could get better, it sure could.
After a few minutes to catch their collective breaths, Maggie broke the tension by saying, "The things I do for a sale." Taking a few more minutes to pull themselves together, they walked back to the front of the store. 'Now, what did you want to buy' Maggie said in her best store owner voice. 'The outfits also come in spandex/lycra and latex. Those are thinner, more stretchy, so that when you fold them back you don't lose the definition due to thick fabric.'
Annie, whose legs were still trembling, said 'I'll take the jersey in black and sage green, I'll take the spandex/lycra in both red and white and I'll take the latex in aqua.'
Sensing a big sale, Maggie said, 'I also have one that is solid on one side and mesh on the other so you show off more if you want to. If you buy the others I'll give you 50% off that one."
"Deal, she'll wear the sage one, package up the rest and she'll have the mesh one in yellow" Jr. decided, "Mom, your card!'
"Stella, I need you' Maggie called out. With that, young woman about Jr.'s age came out. At six feet tall, she looked Jr. in the eyes. Her narrow hips and small bust were hidden behind latex. Hidden was not quite the word, covered was better since you could see the nipple bars. Jr. looked down and was sure he saw the outline of genital and clit rings connected by chains to a belt under the paint thin outfit. All of which no doubt would have matched her nose ring. "Let's figure out the size for this lady and get her outfits put together." Maggie ordered. Watching her put on her reading glasses to ring up the sale, gave Jr. an idea.
Stella handed Annie the sage one and directed her to the change room. "No need with that, we've seen each other already. Just change right here, so we can easily confirm the size." Maggie suggested strongly. Annie looked at Stella, Maggie and the Jr. Jr. nodded and she unbuttoned her sundress and handed it to Jr. Slipping the jersey top over head she pulled it down covering her breasts. She made sure the bottom was not to low to hide her mid-drift. She stepped into the bottom half and pulled it up so that it was about 6" above her knee. She folded the top over until the top just hugged her hips. Maggie straightened the seams and then reached under the skirt and pulled down Annie's thong. "It fits perfectly, you look super and you'll love the freedom of wearing it with nothing underneath. You look like a new mom.' she offered while tucking Annie's thong in to her own waistband.
With everything parceled up and put in what turned out to be a very small gift bag, Maggie walked them to the door while Stella stayed behind. Jr. watched as every part of his mother seemed to jiggle and sway. "That daughter of mine, all those rings and piercings....oh well, what can you do, she's an adult and a good girl. Have a safe trip and stop in on your way back if you have time." Maggie said as she interrupted Jr.'s thoughts with a quick peck on Annie's cheek. 'You too, sonny!' she quipped giving Jr. a wink and a squeeze. A delicious squeeze, she sighed.
Quickly putting on their sunglasses, to cut the glare of the sunshine, they turned to each other and simultaneously said "Lunch?'