At 6:00 AM Lonnie Turner crawled out of bed and made coffee. A new work week meant a growing need for a vacation. Checking in on Paige he found her sleeping like an angel curled up with that damned stuffed bear. She really needed to grow out of that thing. Easing her door shut he goes into his office just to drink coffee, look over bills and groan at his checking account. He had spent way too much money lately. Deciding he was financially secure he eyes the TENDER icon on his desktop and opens it. Entering he discovered over 900 guys had approached Paige. He was already exhausted by the number without looking over every horny fucker that wanted to tap his kid. Part of him wanted to delete the account but another part loved what they did last night. If anything this was the best foreplay ever.
Seeing replies by Bryan and Josh he had to take a peek. Opening up Josh's reply it read, "First video I ever got from a girl. I told you I called things how I see them. That video was fucking hot. You had me captivated with every word. Every giggle. Ever sigh. We have to seriously hook up sometime. If anything for that massage. I've been told I give the best. Let me know when you're free. You're welcome to send more videos too. So sexy. I'm gonna be bolder still and say sexier the better. Have a good day at school Paige. Maybe we can hook up after graduation. Or before. LOL." He ended his message with an emoticon offering flowers.
Frowning he jumps over to Bryan's reply.
"Dang Paige. I was speechless for half that video. I never realized just how sexy you were until you sent the video to me. You're a dream come true." Lonnie growls, "Wet dream come true Asswipe." Bryan furthered his message with, "Weird to say but dang I really wouldn't mind brushing your hair. Let me know when you're free and we can go riding. Maybe to the lake. I don't live that far from it. I know the trails so we can ride out and kick back. I'll buy extra sunscreen for you."
"Baby oil." Lonnie chuckled and finished his coffee. He then decided to send both men back another reply.
"Morning Bryan. I slept like a baby. I'll get back to you but maybe I can be free this Saturday. With school I can't do much during the week. I'll bring the brush on our ride. Which color bikini do you like burgundy, black, hot pink, or yellow?" He felt strange acting like his daughter. Images of the show Catfish made him squeamish. Still, the idea of setting things in motion for a fun weekend made him down right evil.
Switching to Josh he types, "Morning Josh. If I can be honest I got really turned on making that video. Could you tell? I'll make another video just for you." Added cheesy grin emoji. "I'll let you know when but I definitely want a massage. I may blush but I won't say no. School all week. Maybe the weekend? I'll have to ask my Daddy if it's okay. Sorry, I still live with him and follow his rules. I'm new to dating. Would you feel bad meeting my Dad first?" He mulls over if that last part would scare the Bear away. He left it. "Message you after school. Bye Joshy." Messages sent he sat back picturing Paige in her bikini by the lake. That Bryan guy oiling her up and touching taboo areas. He had to reel his thoughts back or rub one off before work.
Scoping out other guys he locates one of the men from the Mall. He adds him to her wish list because he knew him already. Out of twelve replies read he selected three for further consideration. Eying the clock he knew he needed to get dressed for work. This part of life he hated.
At 6:40 Lonnie headed out to the Distillery. From his car in the parking lot he called her. Answering she yawned, "I'm up Daddy. I had my alarm set."
"Alright. Listen up...I read the new replies by Josh and Bryan. I want you to make two new videos from school. Keep it fairly clean but a little sexy. Show them your innocent side and your mischievous. Any thoughts on what you're wearing today?"
"I was thinking my new blue jeans and black pullover. I can't show too much cleavage at school. I just want to look nice."
"Wear some lacy undies."
"I will." She went to her dresser and chose a yellow lace thong and bra. "Anything else Daddy?"
"Yeah. I love you Punk."
"Love you too Daddy. Have a good day at work."
"You too."
As Lonnie hangs up Paige shivers at having to confront Brett Chenowyth. If he had seen she and her Dad having sex and took pictures...or worse video her life was over. She felt like calling off sick but knew she couldn't. She had never missed a day of school since eighth grade. Shaking off her worry she grabbed a quick shower and got dressed.
Perfume and eye shadow applied she put on her glasses and checked out her new jeans. They were really tight and showed off her shape vividly. Her shirt bordered her waist and if she stretched at all her belly button would magically appear. So very sexy. The pants were the ones with a front and back zipper. She worried that Teacher's would scold her for wearing them. She ended up putting another pair in her book bag just in case. Catching her bus she was off.
At 7:45 her bus arrived at school and she filed out behind other students. She had noticed a number of boys whispering and looking her way. She shivered at what they might be saying. Hopefully she was just reading more into it than was needed. Heading inside the front turnstile of the school she entered a long hallway of lockers. On her journey through, every guy around her took time to watch her intently. Her heart was beating fast. This didn't happen last week. Nobody even glanced her way. Why now?
"Hey there Paige." A boy at his locker smiled sweetly.
"Hi." She blushed.
"You look different."
"New clothes."
"No I mean you're I don't know..." He himself shied a bit.
"Sexy?" She flares her eyes then goes to her locker. Spinning her combination dial she realized her combo was 36-24-38. She hadn't thought about it before. It sounded a little like her measurements. She snorted slightly and quickly hid her mouth.
"Maybe." The boy grinned, "Definitely pretty."
"Thanks Beau. I'm trying not to be so nerdy looking."
"It's the glasses." He chuckles.
"I need them to see." She returns his laugh. It faded fast.
"There's the new girl." Paige freezes at hearing the voice of Brett Chenowyth. Putting her things in her locker she takes a deep breath and faces Brett. Two other boys were beside him. She knew them as Aaron and Cody. Their eyes were checking her out from top to bottom. She tried to remain calm.
"Hi Brett."
He puckers looking her over from head to toe. "How's your Daddy?"
"He's fine."
"Fine? Or FINE?" He winks at her with a hint of "Ooooh Baby" in his attitude. She put her hands behind her back and leaned against the lockers sheepishly trying not to smile. Strangely she wanted to.
"We enjoyed the pizza." She grew nervous.
"I enjoyed delivering that pizza. I was telling my buds here how sexy you were answering the door naked."
Beau bulged his eyes and chose to run instead of defend Paige. She didn't need his help anyway.
"Why would you tell them I was naked? That's mean Brett."
He wags his cell in front of her. "Tell Daddy he sends me those pics he took or I show off the new pics I took last night."
She freezes a bit with trembling eyes, "You were window peeping?"
"All night long. I got all kinds of juicy stuff. I want my pics with you by noon or I send these to the Principal anonymously. How's it gonna look when he sees Daddy fucking his little angel?"
"Whatever Brett. I don't have time for your silliness." She returns to her locker to obtain books when he leans over her showing video of Lonnie fucking her doggy style pulling her hair. It ended with him cumming on her ass. Her eyes bulged as the other two boys planted their asses against the two lockers beside her.
"Incest is best they say." One named Aaron whispered.
"You should let us cum on your ass too. Call me Daddy all you want." Cody the other chuckled.
She shivered as Brett recalled his cell and leaned in to her ear. "You and I are gonna fuck Paige. Aren't we?"
She swallows dryly as Brett licks her earlobe. She wiped her ear on her shirt at an angle before reacting. "Please don't ruin the school year with this. It's almost over."
"It's over when I say it's over. I want those pics. Hell I want your mouth around my cock."
"Gosh." She turns beet red then dares to look at his friends.
"All our cocks." The boy to her left challenged her.
Brett looks down at her ass and discovers the zipper, "Whoa! What have we here?" He pinches the zipper and drags it down. Her bare butt vividly popped into view. She turns around swiftly to hide her exposure. Other boys had noticed it with awe, drooling shortly after. All seemed intrigued. She tried to zip up but his friends prevented her from doing so. Each grabbing an arm lifting her off her feet to turn her around for all to see. Brett took pictures of her bottom before zipping her back up. "Nice." He looks around him at the gathering of boys, "Wasn't that a nice ass?"
She heard the terms "Fuck yeah." and Sexy as hell." She found herself blushing but eating up their compliments. This was so new to her it was hard to fathom.
As the school bell rang for first period Paige was released. Brett stopping her long enough to say, "By lunchtime."
"I-I'll try. I don't think he will though."
"Oh Principal Dewey?" He waves down the hall toward a portly man with an obvious toupee. Seeing the Principal's acknowledgement Paige turns to face Brett with a forming tear.
"Please don't."
"Tell me you want my cock in your mouth over lunch."
"I want your cock in my mouth over lunch."
"You really are sexy as hell Paige. I wasn't lying the other day at your house."
"I know. I'm sorry my Dad treated you badly."
"All good. I'm still getting my BJ."
She nods and lifts the bridge of her glasses. She would text Lonnie at work after first period Spanish. Walking away she hugged her books to her chest. "How am I going to get out of this?" Did she really even want to? She only had a month left in school. After graduating her past would be no basis on her future. Still, her Father would look equally as bad. She knew Brett was serious.
Lost in thought over Spanish she waited until the bell before running to the bathroom. Hiding in a stall she texted her Dad. It took forever to reach him. A more aggressive text of all capital letters got a better result.
"DADDY I NEED YOU. BRETT HAS VIDEO OF US HAVING SEX. HE WAS OUTSIDE MY BEDROOM WINDOW. HE'S DEMANDING THE PICTURES OF HIM AND I OR HE'S SENDING THEM TO THE PRINCIPAL."
Five minutes and two actual call attempts later, Lonnie replies. "Fuck! That little bastard. I got this. Don't worry."
"He wants me to suck his dick at lunch. Do I do it?"
"If it keeps him busy until I take care of this do what the prick wants. I'm so sorry Sweetheart. Just keep calm."
"I am. I worry more about your reputation Daddy."
"I have to get back to work. Have faith in me."
"K."
Her cell lowered to her lap she sheds a tear. She didn't want to leave her confinement for fear of other students now. They had seen her bare butt save for her thin thong bands. It was possible her cheeks were still pink from her Father's slapping of her ass last night. Pouting she hears more girls enter the bathroom. Whispers and giggling spooked Paige just as much as the boys. She couldn't make out many words but she swore she heard her name. Maybe she was just being paranoid. Then a much clearer voice was heard.
"Did you hear Brett Chenowyth likes Paige Turner? Ewww!"
"I think she's actually pretty. Maybe if she would wear contacts and learn fashion."
"She must have had some fashion tips. I heard she's wearing jeans with a zip up butt. Who wears those to school?"
"Girls who like to show off. I never imagined Paige to even want to be like that."
"It took her long enough. It's almost graduation and I bet she's never even been with a boy."
"Same here. She's so shy it's crazy."
"I wish Brett liked me. He's really cute. Why Paige?"
"There has to be more to it. Brett's sneaky."
"You think Paige wore those jeans for him?"
"Maybe."
Paige had heard enough. Standing up she flushes the toilet to make it look good. Daring to step out she goes to the sink and washes her hands. She knew the girls were embarrassed by how their expression changed. She also knew they were eying her ass for the zipper. Fanning her wet hands Paige turns to them. "The jeans make it easier to pee. Brett does not like me. In fact he's spreading lies about me. So you can have him. Thanks for thinking I'm pretty though." She smiles brightly, "Time for Trigonometry. Bye."
Out the door she walked proudly. Once in the hall all eyes followed her every move. Guys were certainly noticing her more. It felt good but she also knew that if Brett hadn't unzipped her jeans they probably wouldn't be looking now.
"Hey Turner?" A boy amid three others motioned her over. She expected the worst, likely more meanness. She stopped and shuffled amongst them.
"Hi Sean."
"We saw what Chenowyth did to you. Say the word and we'll beat his ass."
Her eyes bulged. They were defending her. "I'm alright. I maybe deserved that wearing these stupid jeans to school."
"Cool jeans. For what it's worth we all thought you had a sweet ass. No offense."
"Really?" She tilts her gaze blushing heavily.
"Definitely. Look at it this way. You were wearing a thong. Basically a bikini bottom right?"
"A little I guess."
"We hear he likes you but who treats somebody like that? Especially using two thug buddies. Why's he treating you like that?"
"He delivered a pizza to my house and..." She wanted to say more but felt like it might be dangerous. "Nothing."
"No. What did that bastard do?"
"I had just gotten out of the shower. I saw him peeping in my window as I was...you know...naked."
"Whoa! He was a peeping tom pervert?"
"Yes. He said he snuck over to my house last night and window peeked some more. I-I'm kind of freaked out about it."
"Stalker much? Seriously...just say the word."
"He showed me pictures on his phone that he took through my bedroom window." She blushed but played the game, "I was...oh my gosh I can't believe I'm admitting this to you guys. We barely know each other." She starts to turn away knowing she was late for class. Then again so were they.
"You can talk to us. We're nothing like Chenowyth." Billy Craig adds his two cents worth.
"I want to but...it's kind of personal." She was liking the curiosity in their eyes. They were nearly shaking at her evasiveness. They really wanted to know. "Promise not to think badly of me?"
"We swear." All four express at once.
"I was..." She turned beet red if not on purpose this time, "Touching myself."
Their jaws dropped and not a one looked anywhere but at Paige. She adjusts her posture to let her tits lift more. Eyes went straight to her breasts. In stretching back a bit her belly button popped out. It was a very sexy button on an extremely firm tummy.
"Cat bite your tongues?" She fidgets and toys with her hair.
"Caught us off guard is all. Wow! Chenowyth is sick."
"I'm not really mad at him. Just hurt that he's...well blackmailing me." She hoped to turn the tide without her Father's intervention. Ideas of getting Brett's cell away from him and deleting the pics were forming as she toyed with Sean and his friends sympathy. Then again it could backfire. They might grow curious and look at the pics before handing the cell to her.
"Blackmailing?" Drew Samson looked at his friends. "How's that?"
She attempted sadness and aimed to express a tear but she wasn't that good. Instead she just feigns a cold chill. "He wants to have sex with me. He said he would show everybody the pics and video."
"VIDEO?" The four brighten up then calm themselves just as fast.
"Yes. With my toy. A rabbit vibrator." She knew they were being men. Erections were rising. She had a bad feeling she had gone too far. "I just want those deleted."
"We'll get his cell for you." Drew dedicated them.
"Really? Promise not to look at the video and pics?"
Sean held a confident palm toward her. "We won't do that. We know how shy you are Paige. This has to be hard on you." No harder than their dicks were getting she thought. She loved getting their imaginations going. Maybe she was sexy after all.
"I better get to Trig. Thank you for listening. You guys are really cool." She took the chance and gave each of them a peck on the cheek. Even they blushed. Once gone Sean swiftly turns to his friends.
"By lunch we hijack Chenowyth and get that cell."
"We looking at her video?" The fourth boy Jeff wondered.
"Fuck yes we are. I wanna see her use that toy."
Paige had gone too far. Boys!
At 11:30 Paige began to sweat. She hadn't heard from her Dad and she had a hunch she would have to actually give Brett a blowjob. Yet, she hadn't heard from Brett either. As the lunch bell rang she left her Biology class and went to her locker. Joining her at the last second was her earlier zero hero Beau. He whispers toward her, "Pssst! Don't worry I have your back."
Her eyes flare with curiosity. "What?"
"Wait for it." They huddle next to one another. Beau grins at her and points toward an intercom speaker up on the wall. Seconds later the Principal abruptly calls out for Brett Chenowyth to come to his office immediately. Paige's jaw dropped.
"What did you do?"
"Trashed his car. My beater with a heater smashed his back bumper and tail light. No hardcore damage but enough to stress Chenowyth out and maybe leave you alone today."
"Whoa! No way. Why would you do that Beau?"
"You don't deserve to be used like he has planned."
"How do you know what he has planned?"
"I overheard him with his dufus friends talking about you blowing all three of them under the bleachers in the gym. What's he got on you?" She was lost to his question at the moment.
Her smile was contagious suddenly. Truth be told that sounded fun even if he was blackmailing her. As they chatted secretly Brett bolted by them. He had his cell in hand while rushing to Principal Dewey's office. Five minutes later both he and Dewey walked outside together to inspect the damage. Brett's car was a mess. Beau had sense enough to park his car two blocks away and run back. He had to skip a class to accomplish it but it was worth it to make up for his reluctance to intervene earlier.
"Follow me." Beau led her to a second floor window onlooking the parking lot. There they observed a Police Officer who was already on the scene and writing up a report. "I called in an anonymous tip of a hit and run."
"Wow! I'm sorry you had to hurt your car over me."
"No problem the car's on its last leg anyway. Rust bucket with bad everything. Shocked it gets me here." He chuckles lifting a finger to pause. "It gets better. Watch." He points as the Officer pulls out a small bag of illegal marijuana from beneath the bumper. Brett went ballistic pacing about with his hands in his hair swearing it wasn't his. "Don't worry it's not enough to get him into too much trouble. It's my Mom's glaucoma weed."
"I-I don't know what to say. Beau?" Paige decides to fill him in on her dilemma even if she omitted sections of the issue. "His cell has pictures and video of me playing...with myself. I have to get that cell."
"Yikes. So that's what he has over your head. Ha! You were almost over his head. Sorry bad timing. I don't think he's going to get arrested. That cop looks as if he's going to have sympathy on Brett." Beau frowns, "At least maybe this will buy you a day or three. He's going to have to explain things to his parents. With weed I bet Principal Dewey suspends him a few days."
"I...I almost feel badly for him. I know I shouldn't. Beau? How do I get his cell so I can delete that stuff?"
"Not sure unless we tackle him and wrestle it out of his hands. Him being a football player that might not be easy. Fun maybe."
"Fun?"
"You don't see me for me do you?"
"What do you mean?"
"Can you keep a secret?"
"Yes."
He looks around for safety in the traffic of the hall. "I...kind of had a crush on Brett myself. I haven't come out of the closet but I like guys."
"You're?" Her eyes bulge. "Wow! I would never have guessed."
"I know I don't have the usual traits but I am. Can I borrow your jeans?" He chuckles.
"Noooo! Get your own." She giggles then abruptly hugs him. "Thank you for helping me. I swear I won't tell anyone." She looks down at the scene. Dewey and Brett leave for the school. The Officer driving off with the weed. "They're coming back."
"See. No harm about him being arrested. Just lay low until he's gone."
"I still have classes. Brett's friend Cody has next period with me. He might still demand..."
She resists mentioning the pics her Dad was supposed to send. She had already said way too much.
"Demand what?"
"A blowjob." Then it occurred to her, "Wait! Sean has the same class with us. Sean said He, Jeff, Drew, and Billy would get Brett's cell. I'm not sure how much I trust them not to look at the pics and video. This could still go badly."
"I wouldn't trust them."
"You wouldn't?" She went from smile to pout in a breath.
"There's four of them. All it's going to take is one of them wanting to see the video to change their loyalties."
"Noooo! They seemed so trustworthy."
"I'm not saying they won't honor your trust. Guys are...well like that. A pretty girl doing naughty things is definitely eating at their imagination. Wouldn't you wanna see a video of a guy you like doing something sexy dirty?"
"Yeah but Sean and his friends don't like me that way..." She offers a naïve expression, "Do...they?"
"Your ass was hanging out Paige. You know my secret now so I can safely say, girl you have one tight little ass. Guys love that on a girl. I may be gay but even I can appreciate anatomy."
"You thought my butt was tight and sexy?"
"Don't make me say it. I said pretty earlier. Something about you was different is all. Did you like just lose your virginity?"
"On my birthday I did."
"Who was the lucky guy?"
"Not Brett Chenowyth." She chuckles shyly. "I'd rather not say."
"No problem. You finish your classes. I'll talk to Drew. He's in my next class. Maybe I can lure them into doing the right thing."
"Ok. Thanks Beau." She starts to walk back downstairs when something occurred to her. "Beau?"
"Yepper?"
"Seeing as you're not into girls...could I get your help doing something?"
"Like what?"
"I signed up for Tender yesterday. A couple guys want me to make videos for them."
"Whoa! You just said you didn't want your nudes in Brett's hands. You're giving them out to strangers?"
"Not nudes silly." She would have loved to but needed to keep things calm.
That would change.
Beau turned away suddenly leaning on a wall. He had to hide an erection. Maybe just maybe he wasn't completely gay. Nodding he looked back. "What did you have in mind?"
"I'm not sure My Daddy told me to keep it innocent but offer just enough to intrigue them."
"Daddy? Aren't you a little old to be calling him Daddy?"
"But he is my Daddy. Always will be." She stood her ground. "The first guy works out in the gym a lot. Maybe we can go to our gymnasium and I can work out on some weights while I talk to him."
"We can do that after school."
"The other guy is into sports and horses. I'm not sure what to do for him."
"A-are you wanting to be sexy in the videos?"
"Maybe. I just don't want to be blatant about it."
"You should borrow a jersey and wear only it and toss a football around."
"In school? You mean naked under the jersey?"
"You would be covered up right?"
"True. Where would I get a jersey?"
"I'll see if Drew has one here at school. Probably in his locker."
"Okay. Meet me in the gym after last bell?" She smiled then switched to depressed shortly after, "I won't have a way home if I miss the bus."
"I'll take you home. As long as my car didn't die a lasting death after hitting Brett's."
"Ok. Thank you Beau. I trust you. See you at 3:00."
"Later." As soon as she was gone Beau chuckled, "She really is naïve." Pulling out his cell he texted Drew. "Get that cell. We're taking new pics after school. Bring the cell and lets gain her trust. Send the pics and video to your phone for later." Beau was not as friendly as he let on.
Drew and the boys waited outside on Brett over the next hour. Having been suspended for two days by Principal Dewey, Brett headed back to his car. The guys jumped him and locked him in his car trunk. Stealing his cell they left his car keys in the trunk lock so that someone could rescue him. A quick theft of all that he had on his phone they took his cell inside and met with Beau in the Men's room after next hour. Beau was the only one that actually went to class. From there Beau took Brett's cell and pocketed it. He then joined Sean and the guys in viewing Paige having sex with some old guy. None of them knew that it was her Dad. Regardless it was hot as heck watching the guy get rough with her then jizz on her ass.
"Daaaaaaaaaaaaaaamn!" Was their shared response. Beau knew then and there Paige was not being honest herself. He now understood why. Was that her...Dad?
Drew chuckled, "We should throw a party and invite Paige. I bet she's never even been to a party."
"Only girl?" Jeff scratched his head.
"Of course. We get her to fully trust us then get her naked."
"Here's my jersey Beau." Drew volunteered his basketball jersey. "Here's a tank too if you can sucker her into it." He laughed.
"Might be too much too soon. Let's meet her at 3:00 in the gym and play it by ear. Hand her the cell and let her delete everything before we try more. Trust is needed if we wanna get her where we want her." He passes Brett's cell back to Drew.
All in agreement they finished off their classes. As the final bell rang the school grew less congested of students. The gym was pretty dead due to practices being outdoors. Sitting in the bleachers they awaited Paige. Showing up looking at her own cell she was shocked by Beau waving Brett's phone at her.
"YOU GOT IT." She jumped for joy, her chest bouncing about. Dancing, she raced into Beau's arms. He acted uneasy about it which she choked up to his being gay.
"We need to hurry. Give Paige that cell and let her delete everything. We should get that cell back to Brett's car and get him out of his trunk." Billy spoke up.
"You locked him in his car trunk?" Paige bulged her eyes.
"Only way to keep him from getting others involved and making things harder." Billy Craig added.
"Here." Sean handed her the cell. "Go over there and do what you have to."
"Okay." She skipped as if a child over to the other set of bleachers sitting down to look over everything he had. It was a good thing it wasn't locked. Deleting everything she found concerning her she returned to Beau and the others.
"Thank you so much." She passed it to Sean but before releasing it she had to ask. "Did you look at it?"
"Fuck no." He shook his head, "Paige you can totally trust us. Jeff said you wanted to borrow a jersey to take pics in. Here's mine." He hands her the two garments he had retrieved from Beau and motioned for the others to follow him back to Brett. Off they went. She was speechless.
"Be more careful from here on." Beau watched the guys leave then whistled. "I would so...you know all four of those..."
"Studs?" She giggled.
"Exactly. Man this is so cool having someone I can talk to about my being gay. You're awesome Paige."
"Awww! You are too Beau."
"Let's get started on your videos. I can't stay over an hour. Part time job at the theaters."
"Ok. Here is my cell. Get the camera ready. I'll go behind the bleachers and change."
"Hurry already."
"Hurrying." She giggles and darts away. Hidden in the shadows of the bleachers she strips down and realizes there were two shirts, one a tank. She recalled how sexy she was wearing her Dad's tank for her Uncles. This was a different situation though. Leaving her bra and panties on she just put on the jersey. Barefoot she steps out and scurries back to Beau. "Do I look too over the top?"
"Nope. Cute as heck."
"Okay. I'm gonna sit on the bleachers and you can just video what I say. I won't be long." She then moves to the fourth row up and sits down. Laying back on her elbows with her legs wide, feet propped on the bench below. "Ready?"
"When you are."
"Film." She informs then switches to herself. "Hi Bryan. I told you I'd make another video. Here I am at school." She throws her arms to her side. "I borrowed this jersey just for you. Do I look sporty enough? It's really big on me. The guy that loaned it to me is tall. My friend is holding my cell for me so I'm free to move more. I haven't had a chance to talk to my Daddy about meeting at the lake. I really want to though. I'll try and get an answer tonight. If I do I'll send you another short video saying I can or can't." She fidgets with the really long jersey. It extended over her knees hiding everything.
Beau seeing her fidget chuckles, "Girl show Bryan some leg."
Paige blushes and tugs it higher until her upper legs were both in view. She rubs her legs and frowns. "I need to shave my legs. Among other things." She giggles. Beau was struggling with a hard on. She was going to catch on soon that he wasn't really as gay as he wanted to portray. "I'm not really sure what else to say or do."
"Show him your athletic side."
"How? There's no equipment."
"Come out here and do some somersaults."
"In this shirt? I'd break my neck." She chokes laughing. "I'll try it." Trudging carefully down the steps she nearly trips. Once on the floor Beau follows her movement until she appeared ready to tumble. "I do like gymnastics. I used to do that back in 7th grade. Here goes." With a running start she cart wheels. Upside down the jersey toppled clear down to her belly, showing off her yellow G-string before she resumed her upright position. Beau mouthed as if a silent whistle at seeing her thong.
"That was awesome. Try a double somersault."
Laughing she was getting into it, "Okay. Last time." Marching out for more distance she primes her stance then sprints into her cartwheels. This time around the shirt on the second roll fell past her chest. Bra and panties both were seen.
"This girl is crazy Bryan." He speaks to the cell.
Covering herself she blushes. "You saw me in my underwear. Should I still send this? I don't want Bryan to think I'm easy." She wanted to be easier. For the sake of reputation she hides her desires.
"Girl you know I'm all about the guys. You got nothing to be ashamed of. I bet Bryan would think you're outrageous." He attempts a more eloquent choice in words.
"Okay. Bryan?" She talks to the camera shyly, "I'm going to take the risk. Undies it is. Don't make me cry by not replying." She pouts. Fluttering her fingers with a sheepish grin she finishes with, "Bye Bryan."
"Cut!" Beau whistles under his breath, "One down. What do you want for the other video?"
"Weight machine."
"It's downstairs. We have to hurry. Leave your clothes under the bleachers."
They dart toward a staircase giggling together and bumping into each other on purpose. It was too cute and she was having a blast. Stopping at the top step she fidgets. "Let me get the tank top."
As she ran beneath the bleachers she pulled off the shirt. As she did Beau with his own cell snapped a pic of her in her underwear from the side without her knowledge. After putting the tank on she raced back out. He had moved to the halfway point of the stairs so as not to tip her off he was peeping. A mad dash into the weight room found them not alone. There was Brett's two cronies working out. Paige quickly sidestepped behind Beau for safety.
"I thought nobody would be in here Beau."
"So did I. Hey guys."
"There's hot pants. What happened over lunch? You blow ole Brett?" The more aggressive Aaron eyed her.
"Noooo." She shyly informed them.
"What are you wearing?"
"A jersey."
"Basketball team shirt. Who gave you that?" The other Cody spoke.
"Let's go somewhere else for your video." Beau nudged her back with his hand. It accidently cupped her breast. She didn't let on that it might have offended her.
"Nooo! I want to show Josh I can work out."
The two cronies wince at her, "Who is Josh?" Asked Aaron.
"A guy I met on Tender. He's a bodybuilder." She added that last part as if intimidating them might work.
"You wanna work out go for it. But, we're gonna watch you."
"You sure about this Paige?" Beau tried to act worried. He wasn't.
"Yes." She shuffles around Beau and cautiously goes to a bench press with a dangling weight bar on a pully. Straddling the seat she lays back and reaches up from the bar. Brett's buddies left their own weightlifting to move next to Beau as he raised Paige's cell. She wiggles a bit for comfort. "Ready Beau?"
"Rolling."
"Hi Joshy. I promised a video so here we are. I wanted to prove to you I could work out."
Looking up beneath her tank her yellow G-string was in perfect view. The tank was not as long as the jersey was. It only crept down to three inches above her knees. That bright yellow patch creased amid her labia for a very sexy advantage shot. She strains pulling on the bar with both hands. The guys all chuckled.
"Here!" Aaron stepped over her and repositioned her hands. He then went around the machine to move the weight pin to a lighter more manageable weight limit. "Try it now."
She manages with some effort to drag the bar toward her chest. From the tank sides her bra was in full view. The boy moved out of the camera shot and admired her thong.
"I'm doing it." Paige giggled triumphantly.
"You would be able to lift more properly if you had that tank top off. It's constricting your movement." Cody had to try. Beau wanted to agree but chose trust. As he said earlier it was needed.
"Joshy wouldn't like me if I took the tank off." Paige really wanted to but resisted. She was getting really wet as they checked her out. "Should I Joshy?" Her vocalized thoughts brought on affirmative nods from the boys. Halting Beau's filming she crawls from under the bar. Her shyness easing more each day she sits up and points at everyone. "No pictures for yourselves. Give me your cells." Shrugging the duo offers them up. She sits them on the floor next to her. Eying Beau for safety Beau looks nervously at the double trouble boys.
"We're good."
"Don't be mean to me." She reaches both hands down to the hem of the tank and sneers at them before inching the garment up to below her chest. The guys were drooling hard. She loved the look of hunger in their eyes. Trying to make herself behave was torture. Up over her head the tank went, dropping it down over their cells. Shivering she covers her chest and stares at the trio. "Ready Beau?"
"Fuck yeah. I mean let's do this."
Stretching back on the bench her body was fucking beautiful. All three boys had rocket launchers in their pants. Watching her lift was funny. Her chest mounding tight into a melon fest with each lift. "How am I doing Joshy?" Her widened legs offering a succulent fold directly over her labia. With each strain of lifting her legs rose.
"You're going to hurt your back lifting your legs." Aaron Darby chose to move in slowly and place his hands on her knees. Motioning to lift she does for a better counter balance.
"I'm doing it." She giggles as Beau moves around to her side.
"Try the sitting chest press." Aaron pats her leg and actually helps her up. She moves to the seat next to her on the machine and faces outward as instructed. Beau paused his filming again. Her legs wider now the thong crept a bit narrower along her labia definition. Once Aaron guides her arms around the pads to her sides he adjusts the weight amount and moves back in front of her. "Alright just press the pads forward with an inward motion, then back and forth."
Paige nods and does her best. Those melons crushed together like colliding planets. All three boys pictured titty fucking her. She realized Beau wasn't filming and stops. "Quit staring. Film me."
"Oh! Right. Sorry." Beau returned to filming.
"My trainers here showed me how to use the machine properly. They said my tank top was restricting my performance. I think they were right. It seems easier without it on."
She played the game.
Aaron and Cody were dying. "Brett should see this."
"His loss for getting suspended." Cody whispered back.
"Should I try anything else?" Paige wanted to toy with their emotions.
"The leg crunches." Cody moves in patting a third bench. She climbs from her seat and lays on her belly as instructed. Cody places a spur around her foot and shows her how to lift her leg. Beau had a closeup of her butt before he realized he shouldn't be zeroing in.
"I'm doing it." She giddily squeals. After both legs lifted five repetitions each she sits up. "Now I need a shower." She grins laughing. "Joshy? My muscles are sore now. Massage me?" She bats her eyes after lowering her glasses. "I better get home. If I haven't scared you off trying to impress you with my workout message me back. Bye Joshy." Beau ceases filming.
"Joshy is going to burst a blood vessel."
"I don't want to send him to the ER. Should I delete that and do something not so sexy?"
Beau frowns, "Save it. We can film one more if you want, then you can choose which to send him."
"Okay. What should I do?" She reaches for the tank when Aaron and Cody jumps to their own conclusion.
"You should be sexier for Joshy." Aaron recommends. "Guys love being teased."
"Really? Am I doing a good job teasing?"
"Needs some work but not bad." Cody slyly grins.
"How...can I be better?"
Beau sighs, "Let's not push our luck Paige."
"Nooo! I need to know how to tease properly."
"Try lifting without the bra on. Turn your back to us if you feel better about it."
"Take my bra off?" She drops her jaw. "Is that the right way to tease Beau?"
"Uhhh! Sure. Something might seem out of place though if you really want to tease Joshy."
"Like what?"
"Take the bra off and pose with your back to us." Beau prompts.
"Don't be mean." She had to point again. Turning her back she reaches around and unfastens her bra. Her milky white back was stunning as it became open and smooth without interference. Bra hung on a weight she cups her chest and glares over her shoulder. "What's out of place Beau?"
Beau swallows dryly and approaches her from behind. Rubbing his chin he pockets her cell in favor of using both hands to delicately slip fingers beneath her G-string bands. Tugging them down over her hips he stops leveling the bands straight across. Aaron and Cody were biting their knuckles. Stepping back Beau joins the boys. "Am I wrong?"
Aaron bats his head about, "Maybe just a little lower." He dares to step close and tug them down past her butt cheeks. If she were facing him her fire red pubes would be in perfect view. Stepping back he puckers at her naïve fawning expression.
"Better?" She looks erotically bewildered.
"Little lower still." Cody moves in and guides her thong to her upper legs. That pussy was feeling air. If only they could see it. She bulged her eyes at allowing this to happen. Of course they didn't see her eyes.
"Film me." She pouts toward Beau. He instantly begins recording. With puppy dog eyes she peers over her shoulder sensually. "Joshy? I want you to see me at my sexiest. Tell me where you think I need the most work so I can make my body look scrumptious."
She wiggles her ass at the camera. She caught both Aaron and Cody rubbing their crotches. Her eyes again bulged as she looked away. Once tilting her chin on her shoulder again she continues. "Maybe I should touch my toesies." She bends over and does just that. Her ass tightening into a shiny white heart. They could see her butt pucker and part of her hidden clam. Stepping at an angle Aaron and Cody saw nipples. She touched her toes five times before looking back at Beau. Wiping her brow she giggles, "I'm working up a sweat. Am I sexy Joshy? Do I need to do more?"
Aaron moves behind her and whispers, "Joshy would probably like it more if that thong was hanging beside that bra."
"That would mean I would be naked." She shivered and expressed a shyness suddenly.
"Don't you guys think Joshy would want to see her naked working out on the machine?"
"Awesome idea." Cody encouraged.
"Should I Beau? For Joshy." She looked for direction.
"I-I-I mean Josh would get off on that sure. That's up to you Paige." He wanted to rip that fucking thong off of her himself.
"I'll try it." She slithers the thong to her toes and kicks it aside. Paige Turner was 100% nude in the high school weight room. She gave up hiding and faced them full frontal. Moving to the bench she began on she lays back with her legs wide. Her pussy was dripping wet. "Hold my knees Aaron?"
He did just that. As she lifted her chest crushes vibrantly. Her nipples swollen and pointing high. "Film me."
Again Beau was distracted. He followed her through her routine and the guys actually behaved themselves. "I'm doing this for you Joshy. I need your hands all over me. Best massage ever. Next time I hope you're showing me the proper way to lift in person. I'm going to get dressed now before a Teacher or a Coach comes in me. I mean in." She feigns a blush. Sitting up she realizes both Cody and Aaron had their dicks out jerking off. Eyes bulging she covers herself with her arms and hands. Looking at Beau she points at Aaron and Cody's cocks. As if encouraging him to watch them. Beau was only staring at Paige. Swallowing dryly he approaches her and hands her, her cellphone.
"Get dressed once these guys jizz. I'll take you home."
"Okay." She sat there until both boys nut hard. She was amazed at the flood and the sheer force of their firepower. Snarling as the last few droplets landed they zip up. Aaron and Cody both nod at her.
"We'll keep Brett off your ass."
"You don't have to. I'm a BIG girl." She offers a smug grin.
Both boys left the gym impressed. She cautiously remains nude and makes it up the hallway stairs until going beneath the bleachers to get dressed in her real clothing. Stepping out she met Beau and they made the two block journey to his wounded beater with a heater. It magically started up. Peering over at the quiet Beau, Paige fidgets.
"You're not really gay are you?"
"Yes I am." He shudders.
"I gave you a hard on."
"Aaron and Cody did."
"If you say so. You didn't watch them jerk off."
"They would have kicked my ass. I'm in the closet remember?" He stares at her uncertain eyes. "Okay, I'm bi-sexual. I so wanna fuck you." He suddenly turns in his drivers seat.
"I know." She giggles. "Maybe I will sometime. You did get Brett's phone for me. I guess I kind of owe you."
"About that." He grew a conscience. "Sean asked me to come to his party. Would you go with me? I probably won't go if you say no."
"As your date?"
"Friends."
"Okay. When?"
"I think he said next weekend. I'll let you know tomorrow."
"If I'm not on a date with Joshy or Bryan." She giggles. "Take me home please."
"On it." Beau moved into traffic with a loud tailpipe. He still had secrets. That party was going to rock. After what he had seen in the last hour he knew he could take her all the way. He was going to bust a nut three times that night.
Brett Chenowyth? Still in the car trunk. His cell was ringing on the trunk lid. It was his parents. That boy was in hot water.
Paige needed to write in her diary. She was proud of her achievements. On the way home her Dad Lonnie texted her.
"Sorry Sweetheart. I couldn't get away to fix anything."
She types back, "I got the cell. They're deleted. My friend Beau rescued me."
"Beau?" He questions.
"My Beaufriend." She attaches a laughing emoji. "Can I go to a party with him?"
"That might do you good. I'll allow that."
"Yay! I love you Daddy."
"Take those school videos for the Tender boys?"
"Yeeessssssssss! So hot."
"Can't wait to see."
"Can't wait for you to see."
Beau was concerned over her constant texting. Who was this?
Sheepishly she looks over at Beau. "Quit peeping."
He did his best.