Your washing machine has broken, and it's the weekend - nobody wants to come out to fix it, and you make an appointment for someone to come and look at it the next day.
The problem is, you are going out to dinner with your friends the next day, then on to a club for drinks, and your favourite outfit needs cleaning. You have a pile of other stuff that needs doing too, so hand washing is out of the question.
You decide to take your clothes down to the laundromat, and grab your iPad, to help with the wait.
When you get to the laundromat there is only one other guy there. He is sat reading a magazine, and nods hello. The laundromat is fairly small, and some of the machines are in use, while others have 'out of order' stickers on them.
You find the only two machines that are free are next to the seated guy. You set about loading your machine, but as you do so something falls from the pile - it's a black silk thong - just a tiny triangle of silk and two strings...
The thong lands right in front of the guy, who picks it up, and hands it to you, smiling...
"Thank you," you say, crimson with embarrassment, and noting on close inspection that the stranger is good looking and muscular under his tight tee shirt and jeans...
"No bother," he replies, a soft Scottish burr in his deep voice, which you find very attractive, "it wasn't heavy..."
You finish loading your machine, put the powder and money in and seat yourself across the laundromat to the stranger. You still feel flushed by the embarrassment of flinging your most intimate garment in front of a stranger, but that is coupled with thoughts of how attractive he is, and you wonder if seeing your thong may have given him some ideas...
You think about what he might have said and done instead of handing you your thong. You imagine different scenarios which all end with the stranger fucking you. After all, it has been some time since a man paid you any attention, and you are a woman in her prime...
Thinking about him taking you has your nipples hard, poking against your thin bra and tee shirt. You can feel a gathering dampness between your legs as you note his gaze upon you. There is an arrogance in his direct stare, but it is also playful, as a smile plays across his lips...
By now you are pretty turned on, and reach for your iPad, which you brought to pass the time. You google "good looking men," and gaze at the photos arrayed before you, imagining what it would feel like to be an object of desire again.
As you imagine more and more detail, you finally search for "big, hard cock." Some of the pictures are just of the organ itself, others have a full picture of the owner too... You find one that you like the look of - a man standing in profile - muscular, and not unlike the guy across the laundromat. You wonder if that is a subconscious choice, or if it's just that these are the kind of guys you find attractive...
The guy in the picture has one hand on his erect cock, which looks huge, and with the other hand he is cupping his balls. The combined effect of the picture and the presence of the stranger is to drive pulses of blood direct to your clit. You can feel the wetness beginning between your legs, and you know you are going to have to make yourself come if you are going to retain your composure.
You lift the empty bag that did contain your laundry onto your lap. You unzip your jeans and slide two fingers under your panties, sliding them over your now very wet lips and rubbing your clit...
You sneak a glance at the stranger, and you see that although he is looking in your direction, he seems to be looking beyond you, which almost disappoints you. You are getting off on the thought that maybe he might catch you doing what you are doing, and give you what you need.
"Can I ask you a question?" You hear him say, his words shocking you in the previous silence, a silence broken only by the sound of you frigging your wet pussy. "Yes," you reply "what is it?"
"Did you know the window behind you becomes reflective when it gets dark?" He asks. You turn and look, and the dusk is now full dark, and the window is indeed as reflective as a mirror. You suddenly realise that the stranger has seen everything you have been looking at on your iPad, and you flush a deep red - maybe he even saw your fingers sliding under your jeans...
"I, I'm sorry," you stutter, acutely embarrassed at being caught in public looking at hardcore pictures.
"That's ok," the guy replies, "you're entitled to some fun, everybody is, I just thought you should know I could see it, especially since it may also be visible outside in the street."
His accent, coupled with his now frank appraisal of your body, and the fact that you know that he knows how horny you are, makes you even wetter.
"If you want to keep looking, why don't you come and sit here," he indicated the chair next to him, "there's plenty of room, and you can do what you like without fear of interruption..."
Hesitant, but by now incredibly turned on, you pick up your things and join the stranger. He offers you his hand to shake and says "pleased to meet you, I am Andrew." You give him your hand to shake, realising too late that your fingers are still wet from stroking your cunt. Andrew notices, smiles, and looking you right in the eyes he pulls your hand to him, and slides your two wet fingers into his mouth...
You can't help but let out a moan of pure lust, and he guides your hand to the front of his jeans, where you can feel the heat from his cock through the denim. It feels as hard as an iron bar beneath your fingers, and much larger and thicker than the one in the picture you were just viewing...
"It seems you are in need of more than laundry services," the stranger says, sliding his fingers inside your jeans, cupping your mons, and slipping his middle finger inside your dripping cunt.
"Yes, oh yes," you moan, "I need you to fuck me..." Now all control is lost, every thought and sensation is controlled by this mans finger, as he rotates it in your sopping wet cunt, sliding it back and forth over your clit...
"Tell me what you want," he says, keeping the pressure on your clit as you raise your hips to increase the sensation, now coming in waves in your lower abdomen, you gasp, close to your orgasm...
"Tell me what you want," he whispers in your ear, his mouth close to your neck so you can feel his hot breath. "I want your cock inside me Andrew," you moan, "I want you to fuck my cunt..."
You feel your orgasm start, feel your legs quivering, then he abruptly withdraws his hand. You gasp in frustration "noooooooo" you moan "I need it."
"Not here," he says, "my apartment is five doors away," and he pulls you to your feet and leads you to the door. You follow him willingly, watching his tight ass and muscular legs, your pussy desperate to feel them driving his hard cock inside you...
You enter his apartment. It is neat and tidy, minimalist with framed Japanese prints on the wall - a faint scent of vanilla in the air. He leads you into the bedroom, where there is a large mirror by the side of the bed.
"Strip for me," you hear him say, and you almost tear your clothes off in your desperation to open yourself to this stranger. He slips out of his jeans, takes off his shirt - revealing his hard muscled body, and harder cock, sticking straight up and pulsing with blood, the head looks massive, and you wonder whether you will be able to take it all, even though your pussy is now so wet, you can feel your juices running down your legs...
"Come to me" he says "on your knees." You fall to your knees, and hear him say "now suck my cock," and you take him into your mouth, your hand sliding up and down his shaft, your other hand cupping his balls, as you saw in the picture you were looking at in the laundromat.
You feel his hands in your hair, as he slowly fucks your mouth - his hard cock filling your mouth, your fingers going between your legs to frig your cunt, gasping with lust as you suck his hard cock.
"Turn around," he demands, "and put your hands on the mirror," you do so, and watch as he comes behind you, his hard cock sliding over your cunt, the incredible heat from his swollen head grinding your clit, your cunt now drenched as you gasp with lust, then feeling his cock stretching your cunt, an incredible feeling of fullness as he slides his full length up your hot cunt, one thumb in your ass as he fucks you, the other hand reaching around to frig your clit, and you come hard, your head thrown back, animal sounds coming from your mouth as you come hard on this stranger's cock, watching him fuck you in the mirror as he rams his hard cock up you...
He withdraws, and you moan with disappointment, feeling bereft now you have lost the feeling that was taking you where you needed to be...
He lays back on the bed, running his hand up and down his cock - wet from your juices - "now ride my cock - facing the mirror so you can see my cock fucking your hot cunt..."
You lower yourself onto his cock, watching in the mirror as you feel it completely filling your cunt, his hands on your ass lifting you until his cock is just inside you, then pulling you hard down onto him, lifting his hips to ram his hard cock right up your dripping pussy...
"Pinch your nipples so I can see it," he commands, and you comply, the sensation driving your lust. You feel his fingers in your ass, his cock slamming into your soaking cunt, as you throw your head back, crying out his name as you come harder than you ever have before, your juices soaking him as you ride him.
"Now fuck my cock with your tits," he says, and lifts you off his cock, sitting himself at the edge of the bed. You hold your tits together, pinching your nipples, as you enfold his hot, hard cock with your tits, sliding his cock between them, taking him in your mouth with each stroke as he fucks your tits...
You feel the heat of his cock between your tits, the taste of your own come on his cock as you suck him with each stroke, and you moan with the need to feel him inside you again, to feel his cock ramming hard up your cunt...
He pulls you by the hair, off his cock, pulling you up and seating you as the edge of the bed, and lifting your legs up onto his shoulders - fully opening your cunt to him, "watch me fucking you," he commands, as he slides his cock into you, slowly, an inch at a time, and you watch as He fucks you, the tension mounting between your legs "rub your clit while I fuck your hot cunt," he says, and you reach down to comply, his hard cock sliding in and out of you, harder and faster as you watch, and then you are coming again, head thrown back and teeth bared as you surrender to your shattering orgasm, feeling him withdraw and watching him come, thick jets of cum shooting all over your cunt as you climax again, rubbing his cum into your clit...
He gathers you to him, kissing you deeply, you feel his heart beating against your chest, and he tells you how beautiful you are, how incredibly hot, and he wants to hold you forever, but he knows your wash will be finished now, and you have to get back to your husband...
You have the feeling you may be delaying your washing machine repair...