I would like to tell a story to you that has some truth and some fantasy involved. A little background first.
Part 1.
For sometime I'd had an attraction to or better said a fetish for much older women. I was twenty one and somehow found ladies who were seventy years old alluring to me. Not to be their boyfriend or marry but as a sexual fetish. I'm not talking about disabled or ancient looking but still elderly looking and yes alluring to me.
Another fetish I had at the time was being a bit of an exhibitionist. I was young and had a youthful well built body and in the right circumstances liked to playfully show it off. Nothing criminal. Just adult flirting. Consenting adults. So adding both these fetishes together I ended up in an adventure of a lifetime. Yet not how I expected it would be. Surprised was more like it.
I was working for a guy who had a small landscaping business. Cutting grass, trimming bushes and general yard care. One day while working at a house I met the neighbor. Ms. Eve was her name. She had wandered over to the fence between the properties where I was working. I learned later that Eve was seventy four years old and a widow. She was about five foot seven and slim. Her pale wrinkled skin showed that she didn't get out in the sun much. She had very intense deep blue eyes and was wearing beige slacks and a white blouse. Her lips were a dark ruby red and I kept staring at them as she chatted with me.
All in all I'd say Ms. Eve was just the type of elderly lady I would lay in bed at night and masturbate about. We made small talk and she asked about my work. She asked me if I ever did any smaller odd jobs or just did full yards. The wheels in my head were spinning as I told her I take extra work to make a few bucks. Ms. Eve told me to come see her sometime as she had some small things around her house she needed done.
When the day ended my boss took off and I stalled around so that when he left I could head over to Old Ms. Eve's place. I was wearing some tight kinda short cut off jeans and had my tee shirt slung over my shoulder as she greeted me at her door. She asked me in and began to explain to me the things she wanted done. A light bulb she couldn't reach, a torn window screen, things like that.
As she walked around and spoke I could feel my young cock growing inside my shorts. As I was not wearing underwear it might become noticeable soon. Seven inches of shaved hard young dick. I imagined what it would be like to masturbate in front of her. Standing up it would squirt all over the floor or laying down maybe squirt all over my belly and chest. The thought of her deep blue eyes getting wide as they transfixed on me jacking off my cock. I was hard indeed!
So Ms. Eve tells me to have a seat and goes to get me a glass of water. You could see the full outline of my hard dick, every inch under my shorts. She came back and sat in the chair next to me and started chatting. Sometimes an older lady just likes the company of someone to tell her stories to, spend time with. I wondered if she noticed my hard dick? I was sitting in a way to try and make it noticeable and see if she had any reaction.
We chatted for about a half hour and then I told her I'd return the next day on my day off to help her out. Needless to say I jacked off real good that night. When it came time to head over her way I put on a tight pair of blue nylon surfer shorts and a white tee shirt. When I walked in my cock was already hard. I did a couple of small projects for her. Ms. Eve asked me to sit again and said she would get my money. She would be sitting to my right as before so I positioned my now hard cock along the pant leg on my right leg with just the tip of my dick sticking out from under the shorts.
Just the thought of her maybe noticing it drove me wild with wanting. Would she see it? Could I tell if she did? More fantasy for my nightly masturbation! When I felt the precum oozing out of the tip of my hard young cock I got a bit scared. Thats when I bid her goodbye and went on my way. That evening I got a call from her asking me if I would come back soon.
Over the next few weeks I keep visiting and wearing more revealing shorts and letting more of my cock show either under my shorts or just barely showing. She had to notice I thought to myself. She kept finding little chores for me to do so maybe she liked looking. Then one day I put of a very tight pair of skimpy nylon hi cut briefs underwear I had. They sorta looked like a swimsuit. I had a towel wrapped over my shoulders. I'd thought I'd tell her I was going to the beach after I did her chores. I met her at the door as usual.
That day she was wearing a long white bathrobe. Her lipstick was a dark red shade and she seemed to have a small smirk on her face, like she knew something I didn't. A bit later I found out how true that was. She lead me to the patio and Ms. Eve had me climb up a step ladder to change a light bulb. My cock was hard and tenting up. Sticking almost straight out the front of my briefs. She was eye level with my covered yet hard dick. I thought I'd cum right there and then! How could she not notice it I kept thinking! As I was finishing she told me to go sit and she would get my pay.
When she returned she gave me a few dollars for the work but Ms. Eve also had three packs of what appeared to be mens underwear in her hand. She told me that she had bought them for a nephew but he never visited so she was giving them to me. As she handed the packs over to me I noticed that between them was a single pair of pink satin and lace string bikini panties.
"These must be someone else's," I told her.
"No, there for you young man," She said to me.
I was kind of taken aback by her saying that to me. That is when she explained that I should be wearing womens panties for her pleasure and enjoyment if I was going to keep showing off my hard young cock to an old lady like her. Like I had been doing since we met but for my pleasure. As Ms. Eve was saying this she began to let her robe open revealing her small somewhat sagging brests, hard nipples and nicely flat belly.
As I gazed down thats when this old ladies surprise hit me. Ms. Eve was wearing a strapon dildo! It was so lifelike looking. Maybe seven or eight inches long yet not to thick. It had veins and a mushroom head. The harness wrapped around her hips as the strapon stuck straight out. I'd heard about them but had never seen one in person. Now I was looking right at one on an old lady who looked like she knew what she wanted to do with it. Do with it on me!
"Get over here and follow me young man," Ms. Eve said demandingly...