A friend of mine had a home theater room with a 96 inch screen and luxury seating for four couples. He often invited my wife and I for get-togethers and viewings. In the beginning he showed mostly recent movies but later we enjoyed a lot of high quality porn productions. Other things may also have gone on in the dark, hard to tell.
At one of those recent gatherings, we were having drinks and discussing the video we'd just seen. It centered on a husband asking to watch his wife with other men. One of the real wives present asked, "Is that really a common thing? Do a lot of men fantasize about their partners being with other guys?"
Our host, Gerry, responded, "Yeah, I think most men do at least sometimes. I know I do." I remained as noncommittal as possible but there was general agreement from the other men. I only commented that the theme appeared widespread in erotica.
At home in bed, my wife Deena asked, "Do you fantasize about that?"
"About what?"
"You know! About watching other men having me?"
Caution was obviously indicated here, so I hedged around it for a bit. But in the end, I admitted, "Not often. Once in a while, I do."
"Hmm... so, you mean another man actually fucking me? Or just fooling around or what?"
"I don't know. Sex maybe, or a blowjob. Like that. It was just fantasy."
"Is that what they call being a hot wife?"
"I guess."
Nothing else was said before we drifted off, but I could tell her wheels were turning. I had no clue what she was thinking, though, or whether she was offended by my admission.
**
We were sitting at the table after dinner two days later when Deena began, "I looked up about men wanting to see their wives with others. Apparently, it's one of the most common fantasies."
"Yeah, I sort of thought that."
"But would you seriously want me to? Not an affair, obviously. But a onetime thing with you watching? Wouldn't it actually piss you off that somebody else did me sexually?"
"I'm not sure... No, I don't think so. It would still be a fantasy, more like a movie than real life."
"I hadn't looked at it like that. Okay."
"What's okay?"
"Nothing. I just hadn't considered it like that."
All right, now she had my mind spinning. What was going on in her head? She wasn't adventurous about much of anything, and certainly not sex. Willing in a monogamous way, but nothing beyond that for sure. That's why I nearly fell over when she told me a week later, "So look, I might be willing to do oral on someone so you can watch. If you're sure you really, truly want me to. But the setting has to be right. You know, safe and private and all that. Not someone we know. And the man can't be gross, either. Tell me, would you like that?"
Holy crap! Of course, I would. Best not to jump at that right off, though. "Are you positive? It could be a great turn-on, I think. If it's something you'd like too. It wouldn't be any good if you hated doing it." We talked it over for a good hour and ended up agreeing that she would try it. Wow!
Gerry was definitely the go to man on subjects like this. Besides the porn movie nights, I knew for a fact that he and his wife Elaine had done some swinging and 'hot wife' action. I arranged to have lunch with him during the following work week. We'd known each other for years and there was not much we couldn't say, but I still felt awkward speaking about my wife like that. No need, he didn't see it as the least bit odd.
"Would Deena be shy doing it with Elaine there, do you think?"
"She might be."
"No problem, Elaine will be at her mother's all next week. I could set it up at my place. There's a dude that Elaine has been with a few times. At those parties we go to occasionally. Women go for him, Deena will like him, they all do. He's straight-up and clean. Yeah, that'll work. We can do a video and drinks, then she can get down to it. Just a BJ, right?" I nodded affirmatively and left the arrangements with Gerry.
**
It was set for Saturday night. Deena dressed in tight jeans, short high heeled boots and a form fitted white blouse that showed off her firm, smallish breasts. It was clear she was very nervous so, while she got ready, I fixed her a large vodka & tonic. My wife was always attractive. A strawberry blond with porcelain skin, 5'2, slim and agile as a cat, she easily turned heads. But that night she looked extraordinarily hot.
We arrived at Gerry's and were introduced to Elaine's 'friend' Kurt. Dark blond hair, not tall but athletic in build. Genial and well spoken too. Nonetheless, I found it hard to get my head around the fact that my wife would soon be sucking his cock. Still and all, I wanted to see that.
The video Gerry chose featured one man and one women, mostly with her blowing him. I think it was geared for women viewers, more romantic than the usual porn stuff. Good move on his part. Deena seemed okay so far, though she did have a vaguely startled-deer look. When the movie was ready, she sat next to Kurt. Maybe a third of the way in, Kurt slid closer and draped his arm over the back of Deena's seat. She rested her hand on his thigh but looked straight at the screen. I did notice that, gradually, her hand crept up until she must have been able to feel his hard-on.
The film ended and the darkness was replaced by low indirect lighting. Deena briefly glanced at me, then hardly hesitating at all, placed a small cushion on the floor and knelt before Kurt. Gerry and I adjusted two chairs to good viewing positions. My wife was massaging Kurt's erection through his trousers, now. There was a large bulge already but she pressed and squeezed it into still greater hardness. She never took her eyes from it. Kurt unzipped and pushed his trousers and underwear down around his ankles, letting his cock spring to attention. Deena seized it immediately, wrapping her fingers around the thickness, as she looked directly into Kurt's eyes. She smiled, rather demurely I thought. Then she leaned forward placing her puckered lips against the head of his dick. A sort of shock went through me when I saw that.
The tip of his rod was oozing pre-cum which Deena deftly licked away. She bent over him and sucked the very end of his member. Holy shit! It made me somewhat dizzy but, also, more sexually excited by the second. Paying no attention to me or Gerry now, she looked up at Kurt once more, then started licking from the base of his quivering dick upward to the top. Kurt was closely watching her every move and getting increasingly aroused, until his breathing came in ragged bursts. I was fascinated. Clearly visible were the red imprints of my wife's lips, along with other smears of her bright lipstick, on someone else's cock!
Deena turned her head sideways and gently clamped her teeth on his shaft. In a very quick move, she raised herself and took nearly his entire tool into her mouth. That got us three guys going, I can tell you! She worked his prick in and out for almost a minute. Then she pulled off and let a large gob of saliva drip onto the tip and dribble along the length. Working him with her hand as she did it, she closed her mouth around him once again. Another thirty seconds of sucking, then another drool of saliva that she spread along his cock with her pouting lips. I could see her cheeks contracting and I realized she must have been playing his cock with her tongue as she continued to suck him off.
Whoa, she'd obviously been paying attention to those porn videos! She raised herself higher so her body was almost perpendicular to his thighs. To our joint amazement, she suddenly thrust down, forcing the entire thing into her throat. So her face was right up against his body, no cock showing at all! We could hear her short, muffled gags but she managed to hold it there for several seconds more. When she finally withdrew and sat up, her face was deeply flushed and there were tears in her eyes. Still, she went back to blowing him, with even more urgency
Kurt was twitching, squirming and clearly near to shooting his load. Of course, Deena sensed that, as well. Using her hands and soft mouth she brought him off in only a few more seconds. Just as he was about to fire, she pulled her mouth off and jerked a heavy, thick stream of cum across her face. He must have been saving that load up for quite a while! My babe's face was clotted with clumps and rivulets of the stuff. She smiled shyly, first at Kurt then at me. Suddenly she astonished me, yet again, by using an index finger to scrape a large dollop of cum from her face. She licked the finger clean and, in another incredibly sultry move, parted her lips to show us the semen on her tongue. Then, she grinned and swallowed it. The process was repeated until almost all his goo was tasted and swallowed.
Deena excused herself to freshen up while Gerry and I poured ourselves stiff drinks. Kurt had a discretely retired by this time. She walked back into the room and received a hearty round of applause. My hot wife blushed deeply, accepting a drink from Gerry. All the while, she studied me intently, trying to gauge my reaction to the show. I smiled reassuringly...I hoped. We ended the evening with some fairly self-conscious conversation for, say, forty more minutes before I drove us home.
Deena was quiet in the car for most of the drive. Eventually she asked, "What did you think? Was it like you wanted?"
"Oh yes, it definitely was. Even better. A little shocking when I actually saw you doing it. At first, I mean. But then, the things you were doing were so amazingly erotic to watch. What about you?"
"It was strange to have someone else in my mouth. But, if I was going to do it at all, I wanted to do it well. So, you know...I mostly concentrated on that. I could see by watching him that I was giving a really good one, too. I liked that a lot. So yeah, I didn't mind."
She seemed very tired. After showering she dropped into bed and slept soundly for the entire night. I spent most of it wondering what might happen next.