Hi. My name is Annette and I just figured something out. I figured that I am an exhibitionist. I have always liked when I was noticed sexually in public, but a recent experience really let me know how stimulating it was for me.
This is one of my stories.
I once stayed at a hotel that had a popular lounge called the Mermaid Bar. The hotel was well known for its magnificent pool. It was called The Atlantix Palace Resort. The pools were very large and had multiple deep swimming areas. The pool crowds were a lot of couples and singles looking to hook up. Most of them were young 20 somethings. It was a hedonistic environment.
The hotel also had a great bikini store called Bikini Universe and they had every style imaginable from all over the world. I was in my thirties and I bought a few skimpy bikinis there. My husband liked the Brazilian ones the best. There were a few young guys who were hanging out at the bikini store and watching girls try on the outfits. When I was there trying some on, they managed to stay near us and stare at me when I came out of the dressing room. My husband would always have me spin around and bend over when I modeled them for him and the young guys seemed to like it too. I wondered what they whispered to each other when they were looking at me. I could tell by the look in their eyes what they were saying.
My bikini felt less skimpy since the average woman there had 95 plus percent of her skin exposed. Everyone was almost naked, so I didn't feel so self conscious. It was relative. Anyway, I got this skimpy little red bikini and went swimming a lot on that trip. It accentuated my legs and hips. The top still exposed most of my breasts. It was the skimpiest bikini I had every worn, much less owned. The back of the bikini bottom exposed my butt cheeks ever so slightly, and I was not aware of that fact. I remember a lot of intense stares from men when I walked near them. I would swing my hips even more when I noticed them. I wore high heels at the pool in the bikini to make me look more sexy and for my legs to look longer and firmer.
I went on the pool slides and I had a blast. Most of the women lost their tops when they got to the bottom of the slides. I was no exception. Most of us would adjust it before we got back to the water surface. It was exciting to lose my top in front of others and pretend to be embarrassed.
We were at the hotel for three days and we spent most of our time at the pool.
On the last evening we finally went to the Mermaid Bar to find out what made it so popular. As we walked in, we noticed it was a very well made layout of a tropical theme with palm trees and dolphins statues, and such. The waitresses were dressed in bikinis that were very provocative. I figured that the bikinis were the popular exciting thing there. The waitresses looked like models. They strutted around in bright colored bikinis and matching high heels or boots. But then I noticed to my content that 3 walls of the bar were surrounded by large aquarium glass. It was like being in a large indoor aquarium in San Francisco or Monterey. I squinted to see what was in the water and I finally I noticed that it was people. Women in bikinis to be exact. Woman in bikinis falling into the water after coming down slides to be exact. Each woman's top would come off and cheers could be heard throughout the bar. This was followed by woman kicking their legs and their crotches being on display for all to see. Most in the bar were men but there were a few woman who had a blast with them. The women seemed to relish in the embarrassment of their women counterparts.
I suddenly realized that I had been on display for the last few days. I lost my top countless times. I even took my bottom off and put it back on under the water since it was so tight it pinched me sometimes. All of it was seen by these men.
I felt embarrassed but part of me got excited. Part of me liked that idea. The thought of different strangers looking at me and lusting after my body. The thought of them secretly thinking about me when they masturbated was appealing to me. I then got an intense felling of horniness and wanted to go back to our hotel room and get fucked hard by my husband or masturbate earnestly with him jagging off and coming on my belly. Then I got paranoid, and a few guys looked at me in the bar and I felt like they recognized me.
I whispered to my husband, "I don't want to sit down, but I want to cum. Now." He looked at me surprised and I then said "Even better, you get a seat and watch for me."
I quickly left and he sat down and ordered a drink. He knew I was gone so he ogled over the beautiful voluptuous waitress. She was a tall brunette with long straight black hair. Her skin was very fair and she had these big sparkling black eyes. Her breasts were large and firm and she had long silky white legs and a tight little ass. But most importantly she had really nice hips and a sway to her walk. My husband liked hips.
"I'll have a double margarita" he said. "Sure handsome," said the waitress. She winked at him and swayed away. She knew he was looking at her ass and she gave him a show. She dropped a receipt on purpose and bend over exposing a crease from her cunt. Once she was bent over, she made eye contact with my husband and winked at him.
My husband sipped his drink smiling and was enjoying the views and ambiance in the bar when all of a sudden there was was a loud cheer.
"Yeah...Whoa...Hey....Yeah" they all said in unison.
I had just fallen into the pool from the pool slide. I was wearing by mini red bikini and the top came off as expected. I took my time trying to get the top back on. I rubbed my breasts a few times before I did get it back on. I then pushed by bikini bottom mid crotch covering area to the side and proceeded to swim around. I strategically swam frog style under the water and swam next to the mirror wall under the water. I then turned away from the glass and kicked knowing full well that my crotch was exposed and everyone in the bar would get a full view of my pussy. Each kick of my legs stimulated me in my inner soul.
My heart was racing as I did these things. I felt like I was breaking the law or something. I felt alive and invigorated. I felt high. My heart rate increased and I felt my heart beating. I wanted more excitement.
I went down the slide yet again and and there went the top again. I took even longer getting my top on again this time.
The bar was in an uproar. "Fuck ya," said one of the patrons, "I love that chick. She is such of a tease."
My husband looked around thinking he would be recognized by someone but he of course wasn't.
My husband briefly felt embarrassed but once he realized that no one knew me or him he relaxed and tried to take in every second so he could tell me about it later. The bar noise was getting louder and irritating to him. He enjoyed watching me fiddle with the bikini top, pretending to have trouble putting it on.
As I swam under the water I decided to pull my bikini bottom up my crack as high as possible. I then swam near the mirrored wall as slowly as I could. I could feel the fabric rubbing against my pussy and stimulating me. I was getting horny with each kick of my legs.
I kept thinking about the men in the bar watching me and making noises. I knew they were all watching me. I knew my husband was watching me. I took my breasts out of the bikini top and swam past them again. I knew many of them would be masturbating in the privacy of their own homes or fucking their wives thinking about me later. That thought made me feel powerful and confident. I decided to give them a real show. I didn't have a plan.
I then decided to pretend I was curious about the mirror and went down to investigate. I went up to the mirror closely and cupped my hands to try to peer in.
The bar patrons started screaming and yelling. "That's right honey. We are all watching you and you are fucking hot!" said one of them.
I still had my large breasts hanging out and the bikini pushed them firmly upward. My nipples were rock cold and hard. I went up for air and then went back down. This time I pretended to not be interested in the mirror and I took off my bikini bottom. I took my top and bottom and lodged them in a rock crevice. I was now totally naked and went back for air.
I went back down and swam buck naked across the mirror.
I was so excited doing this. I felt like I was being naughty and doing something risky. I felt like I was breaking the law.
My heart was racing. I had intense feelings of excitement, embarrassment, control, and satisfaction.
I made another pass by the mirror and turned away from the mirror right where I knew my husband was and kicked like a frog away exposing my ass and pussy area. Each kick was a full view. With each kick there was a cheer at the bar.
"Yeah" cheered the whole bar including my husband. He was getting so horny watching me tease all of these men that he wanted to make love to me right then and there. He could hear comment after comment from other men about how hot I was and how they would like to fuck me.
I went up to the mirror again and pushed my breasts against it. I then rubbed the breasts side to side enjoying the pressure on my nipples. I went up for air and came right down again This time I rubbed my ass against the mirror.
"Holy shit," said someone in the bar, "She must know we can see her."
At this point I couldn't take it and decided to go to a little jacuzzi pool. I needed a release. I needed to cum.
I remember one jacuzzi that was showing on the video screen in the bar and I positioned myself right in front of it. Since it was dinner time and a little cold no one was at the pool anymore. I took off my bikini again and started taking care of business. I started to rub my pussy and clitoris. It felt so good. I thought about how everyone in the bar could see me, and it excited me even more. I was so horny I was going crazy. I started to insert a couple fingers into my pussy hole and rock my pelvis, back and forth. The thought that I was outside and at anytime someone could catch me excited me even more.
The bar was in hysterics. "Look at that chick man, she's fucking fingering herself. Who is that?" some of them said.
My husband knew who it was but the camera made it anonymous since you couldn't see my face above the water.
"Is that the chick we saw earlier? The fucking tease chick" one patron asked.
I kept thinking about all the people in the bar, and if any of the cute guys I saw were lusting after me.
The reality was that they were all lusting after me. Every single last one of them.
The whole bar had their eyes on the woman masturbating in the jacuzzi pool and they were totally enjoying it.
A cabana waiter was watching me for a few minutes through the bushes. I could see him but pretended not to notice. His cock was hard and he masturbated until he came in the bushes. He then came by and startled me while I was pleasuring myself in public. He was in a rush and nervous. His face was flushed. He was very cute.
'Do you need any help?" the cabana waiter said.
"No, I'm good," I said.
"Are you sure?" he asked again.
"I'm sure, now please go." I responded.
I was irritated since I wanted to finish business. He gave me some wine and quickly went away. I drank it quickly and got back to work.
He went back into the bushes and watched me. I could see him but I didn't care. I heard noises of him pleasuring himself again. I felt powerful.
Actually, I liked it too much. I felt out of control.
I vigorously rubbed my pussy into a frenzy. I inserted a couple fingers and wanted to cum desperately. I knew I was outside and anyone else could catch me at any point. I felt excited and afraid. My heart was racing again and I started to pant. I could feel the climax and suddenly I gasped and tried to catch my breath as my pelvis thrust back and forth as I climaxed in the jacuzzi.
"Oh yeah ....yeah...yeah....Uhhhh.....uhhhh" I moaned. I didn't care if anyone heard me. In fact, I wanted them to hear me.
Everyone in the bar was whistling and cheering. The noise was so loud that security came in to find out what the problem was.
Before the security knew what was going on, I was already out of the jacuzzi and rushing to my room.
I felt like I just did something wrong and was wanted by the authorities. I wondered if that was illegal and suddenly I got very scared.
I barged into our hotel room and went to the bathroom.
In the bathroom I looked at myself in the mirror wondering who this new person was. My skin was flushed and wet and my eyes were glassy. I just experienced a major rush. It was addictive. I watched my chest rise with each breath.
I was still breathing heavily and started to smile at myself when all of a sudden my husband barged into the bathroom.
"There she is," he said.
He grabbed me by the shoulders firmly, turned me around, and kissed me hard on the lips.
My towel fell to the ground and I was naked. My husband was like a possessed man and he aggressively started sucking on my breasts and nipples. His hands were holding my arms and they started to hurt a little since he was squeezing them so hard.
He couldn't get enough of me. He then got on one knee and lifted my leg so that it was resting on the closed toilet seat.
He went straight to my cunt and clit with his mouth and started licking it and kissing them while he squeezed my ass. I started to feel excited again and was taken aback by my husbands enthusiasm.
He inhaled deeply.
"God I want you," my husband blurted out.
He inserted 3 fingers into my pussy and fingered me aggressively until I shook with another orgasm. All the time he was kissing and licking my pussy area.
His cock was very hard with bulging veins and it was throbbing. Then I got on my knees and started jagging him off.
I looked him in his eyes.
"You like when I show off don't you? You like when I tease other guys. Right?" I asked.
"Yes," he answered.
"You like when I touch myself in front of them. Don't you? You like hearing the other guys talk dirty about me. Yeah? They want to fuck me don't they?" I said as I jagged him off. "Do you want it harder? Do you like it hard?" I asked.
"Yes....Yes...Yes," he responded.
I opened my mouth and stuck out my tongue right in front of his cock as I pumped his shaft with a vengeance.
"Yeah...I like it. Wait......... I want something." he said.
Then he got me up and turned me around and made me lean over the sink. He slapped my ass and it left a red hand mark. Then he slapped my ass again. It stung a little and took me out of my trance. In no time at all he pushed his cock into my pussy from behind and I let out a gasp. It filled me up and felt so good.
"Ahhhhh. That's it," I announced.
He then proceeded to thrust away while he panted heavily. He started to get sweaty and we began moaning loudly. Our wet and sweaty bodies made soft repetitive slapping noises as our flesh pounded against each others.
"That was so hot what you did back there. The bar was going crazy. So many of the guys said they wanted to fuck you, even in front of their wives." he said. "You are so sexy baby. Damn it, you are fucking hot."
"You make me want to cum," he finally said just as he came in me. His body shuttered as he gasped for air and squeezed my tits firmly.
It felt good to feel his hot semen inside of me. I could feel sticky hot juices dripping down my thighs.
While both standing now, I turned around and started kissing him passionately.
I felt like a new world was opening up to me.