Sunday morning soon dawned, and a little too soon for my liking, as I felt that I hadn't been sleeping much more than ten minutes or so, and on finding the bed empty I went and had a quick shower and then went downstairs.
"Good morning Darling; sleep well?" Martin asked.
"Yes, but it felt like such a short sleep - a shower's bucked me up though. Here, move over, I want to sit on your lap." I replied after pouring myself a coffee from the percolator.
His lap felt warm and inviting and I snuggled in to him as best I could while still allowing me to drink my coffee.
"Any plans for today Darling, or are we just going to hang around the house and do a little garden tidying, it's looking a little scruffy, don't you think?"
"Gina, my only plans for today are to indulge you and to make you happy to be my wife." he replied.
Playfully, I slapped his naked leg and giggled at him, then I kissed his cheek.
He put his hand on my hip and started making little circles on it with his finger.
"Hey - quit that you copy-cat - you know what Dad doing that to me yesterday resulted in so don't start what you can't finish mister!"
"Oh I think the past few weeks have shown that I'm not starting anything I can't complete!"
I giggled in recognition of our wonderful sex life over the past fortnight or more and allowed him to carry on - but it did make me feel as though I'd wasted the shower because I was dribbling again. Funny, that hadn't happened to me when I was a child and Dad did it to me, although I'd always enjoyed him doing it. Mental note to self - stop thinking like that - it's not lady-like!
Martin asked then, "What would Ma'am like for breakfast today then?"
I sighed and sleepily replied "You, Martin, if you don't stop that. Muffin if you do - and there's no pun intended their either you dirty little pervert!"
He groaned and complained that he'd have to have Muffin as well then - but not the sort of Muffin he would prefer - poor boy.
He got up and started making breakfast while I admired his lovely tight butt, strong muscular legs and smooth strong back. He wasn't helping my sexual tension at all, and catching odd glimpses of his dangling penis just made me hotter and hotter till I was 'puddling' on the chair. Quite out of character, I reached down between my legs and gathered up some of my juices on my fingers and, one by one, licked them all clean. I'd never tasted myself like that before and found it quite enjoyable and not nearly as nasty I thought it would be. On reflection I don't know why I expected it to be nasty. Martin enjoyed tasting my juices and I'd loved swallowing his yesterday, so why should I have thought that way?
"Martin, you never told me how nice my pussy tastes you mean man - I've been missing out on enjoying that for years!"
"I didn't think I needed to tell you - I mean, I taste it at every opportunity I can get so clearly it can't be that bad can it - I presumed you'd have tasted yourself before now though, assuming from your question that you just have for the first time?"
"Yes, it is my first time - have you tasted yourself before then?" I asked
"Yes of course, I kind of thought that was the sort of thing all teenagers did when they started to realise that their bodies were for something a little more than just the practical!"
"Well I think your taste is gorgeous, even if it can get a little stuck in my throat now and then. For now though, breakfast would taste good - I'll experiment with my own juices more later on so that I know what you like about them so much." I cheekily replied.
He put our Muffins on the table and I picked one up and took a bite. The muffin and butter mixed with my own juices in my mouth and tasted wonderful. The best muffin I'd ever eaten. We joked around while we ate and just enjoyed being together, relaxing in our own home and simply revelling in each other.
After yesterday afternoon, it was a lovely way to start the day!
Sitting in the kitchen and looking out the window, I could see a neighbour in the houses to the back of us in the garden and looking in our direction. It wasn't particularly clear that he was or wasn't looking into the kitchen, but he seemed to be glancing this way often enough for me to suspect that he was.
"Martin, do you think that chap is looking at us?" I asked pointing out the window.
"Hmm, he may be. I hope he's not going to be a problem now, I'm getting used to being naked at home and in the garden, just like you."
"If he's still there when I've finished breakfast, I'll go and introduce myself to him."
"Will you do it naked?" Martin asked sounding a little worried.
"Oh Martin! Of course I shall - you didn't really think I'd get dressed just to go and speak with someone now do you?"
"I suppose not Darling, I just still worry about you you know. I'm allowed to do that aren't I?"
I giggled and replied, "Of course you are Sweetheart - but I think you shouldn't - let's not worry about it so that we can enjoy being naked while we can."
About 20 minutes later, he was still there working under the now obvious subterfuge of cleaning up his garden.
Feeling the now familiar tingling in my groin and dampness on my pussy lips at the thought of being naked in front of a stranger again, I took his lead and, as it hadn't rained for a few days now, I decided to go to the shed and put out the lawn sprinkler, leaving Martin cleaning up the kitchen and looking out over me.
I went out back, ignoring the man for present, and went into the shed to get the hose and sprinkler.
Leaving the hose line by the tap I took the sprinkler, connected it to the free end of the hose and then pulled it out into the centre of the garden, turning my back on my neighbour to show off my pussy to him as I leaned down, feet about shoulder width apart and straight legged, to press the sprinkler spikes into the lawn. When satisfied, I looked out of the corner of my eye to see the man had moved closer and was now definitely looking at me.
I felt really naughty now, not just naked, but naked and showing off to a stranger, wanting him to see every little inch of my naked body.
My skin tingled and the hairs on my arms stood up on end. I looked to the kitchen window to see Martin looking over me and blew him a kiss while gently rubbing the front of my stomach and the tip of my now exposed clitoris. I raised my finger to my lips and sucked off my juices; Martin licked his lips then blew me a kiss back!
For the first time, I suddenly realised that my not wearing clothes fell into two disparate categories. For the most part, what I'd been doing had been just me but in the nude - me, sans clothing, and doing what one normally does.
This was different - this was me being naked - purposely showing off my unadorned body and obtaining planned, desired sexual gratification from it.
I decided right then that I liked being 'naked' more than I liked being 'nude'. And, obviously, I loved being 'nude' as evidenced from the past two weeks activities!
Aware of every fibre of my body and what the man in the adjoining garden could see, I stood up, turned towards him and waved, "Good morning, lovely day for catching up on the gardening isn't it?" I called.
My mouth was dry now, something I thought I'd gotten rid of, and my legs felt as if they'd buckle if I wasn't careful, while my pussy felt as though it was just gushing, and a fine sheen of sweat covered my skin.
I felt positively wicked!
He blushed bright red at being caught out and shyly replied, "Yes, and good morning to you too. Do you mind me asking, why are you and your neighbour naked where it's so obvious that your neighbours can see you these last couple of weeks, a bit odd isn't it?"
While desperately trying to maintain some decorum and answer his questions, I giggled and, being quite cruel really, I said, "No, I don't mind you asking, nor do we mind you looking, if we did we wouldn't be so openly naked would we. If you'd really wanted to know you should have come and asked.
We're naked because of, primarily at least, a BBC project I took part in that required nudity. I found I liked being naked far more than being dressed, so I, my husband and my neighbour, to name but a few of us, have decided to pursue the project in our own way outside of the 'official' project. To put a long story short, we have decided not to wear clothes any more unless it's absolutely necessary, and being in public has been deemed not to be necessary, so here I, sorry, we, are. I hope we haven't shocked anyone, it's just how we want to live and we don't mean any offence."
"Well, it's odd I must say, but I think people have been much more curious than offended. So I suppose we'll be seeing you all naked lot's more in the future?" he asked.
I felt as though I was about to pass out on the one hand and suffer a very embarrassing orgasm in front of Ray (as it turned out his name is) on the other, but I managed to hold out my hand in introduction. "I'm Gina and Martin is my husband. My participating neighbour is Samantha, Sam, and her husband is Geraint who's being a bit of a party pooper at the moment, but he's coming round to the idea."
He shook hands with me and the look on his face as he stared at my breasts as they jiggled slightly from his hand-shake almost sent me over the top. I could feel my chest and neck getting redder and redder while I continued to fight back what was increasingly looking like an inevitable orgasm overtaking me.
"I'm Ray, my wife's Julie. My tallest Son is James and the shorter chubbier one is John. Nice to finally meet you. You haven't caused any offence that I know of, as I said it's been more out of curiosity that we've been talking about you."
With my voice shaking now, I replied, "Well, we don't mind if you tell your friends and neighbours, we've nothing to hide, we have no hidden agenda, we just want to live our lives in the nude. I honestly hope you guys back here would be kind enough to indulge us. See you later then and if you have any other questions, come around and see us. We'll be happy to answer you openly and honestly and, before you ask, no - you don't have to get naked to come see us!"
I waived as I went back to the tap and turned it on before finally almost running back indoors, but I had to walk to maintain the unconcerned countenance that I'd at least been trying to portray; and which was essential for our continued use of our garden while naked.
As I walked through the door I grabbed Martin's hand as I passed him and almost pulled him off his feet on my way through to the lounge.
Dragging him along with me and then pushing him backwards down onto the couch, I straddled his lap and proceeded to kiss his face off while, with one hand holding me up and the other on Martin's prick, I guided it into the sopping, dribbling orifice of my pussy so that he could sate my overindulged lust.
As soon as he entered my inner folds and the entrance to my volcanically hot love tunnel, I let go with both hands and let myself be impaled by him, finally coming up for air with a gasp as he hit the entrance to my womb.
After a few moments to get used to his girth in my tight tunnel, I moved my hips around in a circle about him, letting me feel his whole length and circumference inside my pussy.
I'd managed about a circle and a half before, like a thunderclap, the pent up sexuality of the last ten intense minutes crashed in on me and, with a full blooded cry of elation, my climax overwhelmed me.
With hardly a pause, I took Martin's nipples in my mouth and gently teased them with my teeth while he continued to lift my hips with his rhythmic thrusting into my eager receptacle.
God this man is good - as he drove himself into me his hands were tickling my hips where Dad's fingers had aroused me so the day before; each thrust of his hips threatened the integrity of my uterus while the pressure he was applying with his hands on my hips made his penis grind across the rough ground of my 'G' spot; then, in what seemed like no time at all, I again felt the heat of an impending orgasm start to overtake me.
Before it could, I fell forward onto Martin's face and resumed my oral administrations to his lips, tongue, eyes and neck.
With some surprise, I felt Martin's finger tracing a line around my anus and my head exploded once more at his soft, intimate touch.
I swear I actually saw stars! My head felt as though it was going to burst a blood vessel such was the pressure that I experienced with that orgasm, and it just kept coming and coming until, at last, Martin too spewed his issue deep inside my already overstuffed sex which then, along with my own copious excretions, leaked out over his lap and dribbled down onto the sofa!
Collapsing onto his chest, I felt our mingling sex juices running out of me as I gasped for precious oxygen, desperate for some cooling air in my burning chest - I felt as though I was melting, literally, into my gorgeous hunk of manhood.
Now, indeed, I knew what the term 'totally spent' actually meant!
After some minutes, I was able to push myself up off of Martin's chest and looked longingly down into his beautiful face. "Thank you Martin; I soooo needed that right then - I don't know what I'd have done if you hadn't been here for me. Pheeewwwww that was bloody good you gorgeous talented man!"
We lay together in the afterglow of our lovemaking, well to be honest I couldn't have moved for a while if I'd wanted to, until we were surprised by a call of 'Hi Gina, Martin, where are you?' from our kitchen and Sammie walked into the lounge!
Both Martin and I turned red with embarrassment as she stopped dead in her tracks and she too blushed.
"Sorry guys, have I disturbed something?" she asked.
I burst out laughing, and soon Martin was laughing with me.
'Bugger it', I thought, 'I'm not going to be embarrassed about this, Martin and I making love is OK and perfectly natural so why should I be ashamed of it'.
"Hi Sammie, I was just taking my lust out on Martin and he was giving me the sex that I needed. Don't mind me cleaning up here a moment do you? Would you get the kitchen roll from the kitchen for us please, and put the kettle on while you're there?"
She turned without a word to either of us, her embarrassment glowing from her face and chest, and I heard the water running into the kettle. She was soon back with the tissue, gave them to me and then she took a seat on the lounge chair, looking intently at Martin and me on the sofa.
I got up off of Martin and my pussy, wide open and unable to contain our intermingled love juices, or hide itself from Sammie's gaze, spewed our lust over Martin's lap, my thighs and the sofa!
I looked over to Sammie and her eyes were sparkling, her chest still red, not with embarrassment any more but with lust, and her own legs had parted to show off her pink, bald, glistening pussy to us both.
Martin's rigidity, at the sight of Sammie's sex so openly displayed, and to my huge amazement given the hammering I'd just subjugated it to, had once again manifested itself and his penis stood tall and pointed directly at the ceiling. I didn't help it any as I started to clean him with the tissues, but decided instead that my mouth would make a better job of it, so I lowered my head down to his lap, opened my mouth and engulfed his still hot manhood, but I could only accommodate about half of it (I'd never been able to overcome the gag reflex and do the deep throat thing).
Undaunted now by Sammie's presence, I continued to lick and suck at Martin 'till he was all cleaned up from our lust and now just sparkled from the wetness of my lips and tongue.
I took a tissue and wiped my spit from his prominence and then proceeded to clean myself and his thighs and stomach while still Sammie watched wide eyed and with an enigmatic smile playing at her lips.
"Gina, would you mind awfully if I had a suck of your 'lolly'?" she asked me.
I looked questioningly at Martin and he just shrugged his shoulders, leaving the decision up to me.
Did I want this to happen? Did I want to risk changing things and have our amazing relationship change for the worst? Would it change for the better?
'God woman - what the fuck are you thinking! He is your man and not for sharing!' The realisation of what she'd suggested burst in on me like an express train entering a tunnel.
"Sorry Sammie, he's all mine I'm afraid! I wouldn't mind you pleasuring yourself while I relieve his obvious discomfort though."
"OK" was all she said and her hands moved to her pussy while she shifted her hips to the front of the chair, the better to access her own sex glans.
I looked Martin in the eye as I again lowered my head to his lap and licked and sucked his 'lollipop' into a further submission while his own eyes were intent on Sammie's self ministrations.
She traced with a fingertip from the bottom to the top of her denuded glistening pussy lips, parting them to reveal her innermost labia which, in turn, allowed her clitoris to pop out from under its protective hood.
She then dipped her finger into her pussy, making it wet and slippery, and started to circle her clitoris with it, her eyes closing for a second but quickly opening again to watch what I was doing to Martin. I stuck my tongue out and licked around the head of Martin's penis, licking up a little of his pre-cum juice, making a big show of it for her. Then I took as much of his shaft back into my mouth as I could while my fist held and glided up and down the remainder of it.
I turned my head so that I was looking directly at Sammie and indicated to Martin that he too should watch her. Continuing my toying with Martin, I watched as she inserted a finger into her pussy, her thumb working her clitoris while her inserted finger was clearly rubbing her sensuous buried brazil nut while our eyes remained locked together.
She inserted another two fingers, now leaving only her pinky finger exposed, and she was twisting her hand around in semi-circles, allowing her thumb to brush against her clitoris with each twist of the wrist. Her face was getting redder and redder as her ardour grew, and I could feel Martin getting ready to release his orgasm once again.
I had the feeling that he may be waiting, or at least trying to wait, for Sammie to be ready with her own. Then as Sammie started to orgasm so did Martin; and this time I took the small amount of semen that he had left into my mouth and swallowed it all up.
The three of us just lay where we were for a few moments until Martin asked, "Gina, do you think I could sit up now please, this sofa's getting a little cold and uncomfortable now?"
I got up off him and handed him the towels to clean himself up. He took a few pieces and then threw the roll over to Sammie so that she too could wipe up her juices and I went off to the kitchen to make the coffee, which seemed to be a little surreal after what had happened over the last twenty minutes or so.
As I was putting the three cups of coffee onto a tray, Sammie came out of the lounge, tears streaming down her cheeks, and blubbered, "Sorry Gina, I'm so terribly sorry - I don't know what came over me - I hope you can forgive me..." and with a huge sob she went out of the kitchen door and put her leg over the fence, climbing back into her own garden. I heard her kitchen door slam and then her footsteps on the stairs, followed by her wailing cry until it was muffled by, I supposed, a pillow.
I put one of the cups back into the sink and took our drinks into the lounge, handing one to Martin while I took a lounge chair across from him and, feeling quite exhausted, cuddled back into it and cradled my coffee cup, closing my eyes while I ruminated over our recent actions and the possible ramifications thereof.
Eventually, Martin asked, "Well, are you going to explain all that to me? Or am I going to have to guess what just happened!"