"Not another one, mom- when are you gonna stop bringing home these losers from the strip club?" Skye shot her mother a disapproving look.
"This one's different, Skye; he's young, and he's a very talented musician, and just wait till you see him- he's so good looking." Star was hoping her daughter accepted her new 'loser'.
"You better be nice to him." Star looked aside and lowered her voice. "We got hitched last night"
"What- you married him!" It was not a question. "Oh mom, how could you be so stupid..." Skye reeled.
"If you don't like my taste in men, why don't you just move out" Star snarled.
"Oh, and then what would I do for money, mom- the only jobs around here are working at strip clubs like you" Skye responded, with mockery in her voice.
"Just because you're smart and got a full ride at the University of Nevada this fall doesn't make you better than me." Star's voice grew shrill. "I could have gone to college, but I had to drop out of school to raise you. I've been one of the top strippers in this town since I was your age."
"Well, you won't be much longer, mom. Your tits are starting to sag and you are getting crow's feet around your eyes" Skye snapped back at her mom. She instantly regretted the words as Star ran into the bedroom, sobbing. Star was still a beautiful woman with dark blue eyes, auburn hair and a voluptuous body with flawless, porcelain white skin. But she would turn forty soon, and even a woman as striking as Star would lose her beauty before long.
Though her mom's endless parade of well-hung losers made her furious, Skye had to give Star credit for having raised her all alone. Skye didn't know who her biological father was except that it appeared that he had evidently been of Native blood. Skye didn't look anything like her mom, except for having inherited her voluptuous body. Skye's hair and eyes were nearly coal black, and she had skin that could go from pale to nut brown in just one lazy afternoon in the sun. Though her mother had to wear sunscreen anytime she was near an open window, Skye loved the sun.
Over the years her mom had brought home one loser after another hoping they would be the answer to having someone to love her and provide for them. But a younger out of work musician living out of his van was not likely the kind of man who would turn things around for them.
Still her mom was determined to keep Branson around and after a few weeks Skye's defenses were starting to slide. Branson was different from the other men her mom brought home. For one thing he was at least 10 years younger than Star, and with his strong fit body, hazel eyes and long dark hair her mom had not exaggerated about him being good looking. On top of that he was only about 8 years older than Skye herself, who had just recently turned 18. In fact, he was the type of man Skye herself may have dated had she met him first.
If that wasn't enough, he could play the guitar and sing with a perfect pitch he had the looks and the voice that made women swoon, but unfortunately, guitar players were a dime a dozen in Las Vegas and so far he had only picked up a few low paying gigs, when he met Star he was making money by singing and playing on the strip.
Most of his money and tips had been spent at a local strip club where Star worked and he had fallen hard for the beautiful redheaded woman with massive 38 G breasts and the fact that she liked her sex a bit rough made it a match made in heaven, or so he had thought. After one extremely passionate night spent fucking the daylights out of Star in his van, he had asked her to marry him, and they had gone to the little chapel on the hill and tied the knot. Sure, they may have been a bit wasted but it seemed like such a good idea at the time.
Even though Branson knew Star was a stripper and he himself was strapped for cash it didn't stop him from going into a jealous rage every time he saw Star take another man into the back room for a private dance. Then seeing the satisfied look on these men's faces after receiving one of Star's famous private lap dances, Branson would go berserk. He'd gotten into a row with a couple of the men after they left the club. Now he was banned from the premises.
For a time, Star was only too happy to come home and satisfy Branson and his large cock. He had been given a room above the garage to soundproof for his music. While he was at it, Branson installed hidden cameras and recording devices in several key locations and was currently making a little money on the side selling time spent with Star on a live pay per view sex site. Though it was a semi-lucrative side business, he did not tell Star about this side gig or she would have demanded her share.
Branson was aware his marriage with the insatiable stripper was based on little more than animal lust. He also knew his followers would eventually get bored and take their lucrative browser income elsewhere, especially since Star had started to refuse to play along with the rough stuff that was so popular with his fans.
Branson's loyal fans loved watching as he tied Star up In the kinkiest manner and giving her a hard spanking before fucking her every orifice. But recently, she had informed him he could no longer be so rough as this treatment was leaving marks and bruises on her porcelain skin that could not be covered with makeup. Bobby, Star's boss, had told her if the bruising continued, he would have to let her go. Since Branson loved living on the stripper's income, he reluctantly agreed to cool it with the rough sex. But with the new ultimatum from Star, his channel's online fan base had thinned out. With beatings and rough sex so crucial to the success of the online gig, Branson knew he'd soon have to start looking for a new star of his little show.
Fortunately, he didn't have to look far.
Star's daughter Skye was a hot little number walking around in Daisy Mae shorts and tit-clinging tops showing off her sweet young body. She was as fresh as the morning dew with perfectly tanned brown skin from long, sunny afternoons with nothing much to do. Her long, luscious head of shiny black hair nearly touched her waist, and her perky DD tits complemented a fat, chubby ass and thighs.
He watched her often as she lay by the pool just below his studio window. He saw that her skimpy string bikini barely concealed pale skin the color of ivory pearls. Branson had jerked off many times watching her sunbathe, and the tropical scent of her tanning oil followed her jiggling ass around the house like coconut incense. Star had made it clear from the beginning that Skye was strictly off limits to him, and because she had been willing to satisfy his overactive libido, he was fine with just looking, but lately Star had been turning down his advances claiming to be too tired or sore for sex.
Branson was young, he was horny, and he needed someone to satisfy his sexual urges on a regular basis. Skye was so beautiful, so young and so scrumptious that it was getting harder all the time to honor Star's demand that he leave her daughter be.
Star looked in the mirror and wasn't happy with the little lines she was starting to see form around her eyes and try as she did to keep her body in good shape the years were starting to show in the sag of her extremely large breast, she was jealous of Skye's beauty, her youth, and her large perky natural breasts. Star remembered that her body had looked like that when she was young, but childbirth and the years had taken their toll. And while Star had a perfect porcelain complexion, Skye was so exotic looking, with natural full red lips, perfect skin that tanned easily, long thick black hair that she wore in a braid that touched her ass plus she had deep dark exotic eyes. Star knew Skye could be a huge draw at the strip club where she worked but Skye considered herself too good for that line of work, Skye planned to attend college in the fall and get a real job.
Star figured she'd retire in a few years and thought getting married to a young up and coming musician was the answer, but now she realized getting married to this young rocker with his big cock that never seemed to tire may have been a bit hasty, while Star still loved getting Branson huge cock shoved into her but his jealousy and possessiveness was causing her trouble at the club and Bobby, her boss had to tell Branson he had to stay away from the club. On top of all that, Branson had still not found a regular paying gig so he had too much time on his hands and he wanted Star to service him so often that she was exhausted, sore and stiff before even starting her regular shift.
This morning was no exception. Star had an early gig at some hot shot's mansion, and wanted to look her best, so she had spent several hundred dollars on a brand new outfit, it was a sexy French maid costume with a leather corset, Star knew it showed off all her best assets and was getting ready to leave as Branson and Skye were eating breakfast. Skye was used to seeing her mom wearing these disgusting outfits and just rolled her eyes, but Branson was immediately turned on and ready to rip the bodice off of her. Oh baby, you got dressed up for me and yanked down the bodice, grabbed her breasts and began lapping and biting her nipples.
Embarrassed by their disgusting public display of affection Skye quickly left the kitchen and went to her room to change into her swimsuit. Star slapped Branson and pushed him away and tried to repair the material covering her breasts even though he had ripped it slightly with his overzealous behavior, "Stop it Branson, I don't have time this morning, I have a private party that starts at noon and now you've ruined my new outfit".
Branson was angry at Star for slapping him and he was more than just a little frustrated as he wanted her to ride his morning wood, so he gave her tits one last hard squeeze then went to his studio to sulk. He had just about decided he was done with this marriage gig when he noticed Skye sunbathing by the pool. He watched her as she rolled over and untied her top to prevent having a line on her back. Her big breasts were smashed into the ribbon of the lounge chair, she had just gotten out of the pool and her body was wet and slippery and the bottom of her hot pink bathing suit barely covered her cute little fat ass. His cock once again rose to a full salute. Then he heard Star's car leave the driveway and decided he'd had enough of her telling him what could and could not do. It was time for him to take charge of these two bitches.
So Branson pulled on his speedo and tried to tuck his thick hard cock into the barely there stretchy material and went out to the pool and jumped in, Once his cock had shrunk slightly he got out and walked over to the lounge chair and sat down next to Skye, She tried to tie her suit back but he stopped her, "No need for you to act all modest now, you've been laying out her since I moved in showing all the men in the neighborhood your boobs and you're ass. You're a cock tease just like your mother".
Skye sat up to protest but as she did her top fell away giving Branson a clear view of her tight brown nipples and beautiful pearly skin untouched by the sun, Branson felt his cock harden and the head pushed out of the top of his speedo, Skye who had never seen a man's cock in full view, stared at this huge appendage with wonder, before looking away embarrassed by her curious reaction, she grabbed her short silky cover up and hissed at him quietly so no one would hear "you perv", and then ran into the house.
Oh yeah, well I'll show her what a perv I am, Branson said to himself and followed her into the house. She had locked her door but the cheap door lock was nothing, but a slight nuisance and Branson pushed the door open and burst into her room
He grabbed her by her long braid and dragged her kicking and screaming out to his soundproof studio and pushed her down onto the bow flex machine that he had modified to accommodate some of his kinky BDSM tendencies.
As Skye struggled to free herself from Branson's hold on to her braid her short silky robe opened exposing her breasts and the small triangle of the hot pink material that still covered her mons. Her struggles just made Branson's cock that much harder and more determined than ever to teach this wild cat a lesson she would not forget. So he grabbed her wrists and slipped some cuffs around them and pulled her arms up above her head using the pulley that he had modified for just this purpose. But since she continued to struggle and curse him loudly, he decided she needed to be gagged until she quieted down.
Branson almost came from the delectable sight of Skye as she stood before him with her hands high above her head and the ball gag in her mouth. Her large perky breasts were high and taut, he had attached her feet to a spreader bar and the fear in her huge eyes made him feel so powerful and he could feel his pre-jiz as it escaped from the head of his cock. He could have cum immediately at the site, but he had all afternoon to play with her and he wanted to prolong his pleasure for as long as possible, but the idea of seeing his white sperm spewed all over her huge, luscious breasts was almost overwhelming, it also made him angry that Sky was such a tease. She needed to be taught a lesson about flaunting her charms in front of virile men and he was just the man to teach her. So he went to his suitcase full of toys and gadgets and got out a cat of nine tails and a paddle board.
Skye's eyes grew even larger with fear and man was that a turn on for Branson. "First, I'm going to teach you a lesson about being a tease, then if you're good I'll give you some pleasure". Branson told Skye as he pinched and prodded her nipples which tightened into long hard appendages, which he sucked and bit until she was moaning with pleasure "Oh so, you like your nipples pinched, do you? He stated "well you're in luck, I've just the toy for you", rifled through his box and withdrew a pair of shiny nipple clamps attached to a silver chain and a leather collar. After attaching the collar around Skye's neck and tightened the clamps tightly on to her erect nipples. He adjusted the chain so any movement would pull her breast even higher, and any struggle would pull on her nipples.
Though Branson was already fully erect her bound nipples and breast caused his cock jump with excitement. Branson decided he just could not prolong his orgasm any longer and pulled his big cock out of his trunks and within a couple minutes Skye was covered in thick white sperm covering her beautiful face and running between her huge tits. That's what they call giving a girl a pearl necklace he announced as he grabbed his cell phone to snap some pictures of Skye covered in his sperm for later enjoyment.
Looking at the beautiful pictures of this beautiful pubescent sex slave he decided this needed to be shared on his porn site where his followers gave him tips for his live shows.
So he logged in and published the screenshots showing his sperm running down Skye's beautiful face and boobs and announced "log in and watch live and give me suggestions on what you want to see me do to this barely 18 year old virgin. I will do anything you want as long as it doesn't leave permanent damage to her perfect young body". He waited and watched and within 10 minutes his page was lit up with requests and tips. "Wow there's already more than 100 people logged in, that's fast". Men and women from all over the world could watch him and Skye on display from the multitude of cameras that Branson had rigged up around the room.
"Wow, this has gone viral he said after a couple minutes, you should see all the nasty requests these pervs are making. Someone just paid me 100 tokens to paddle your ass and your boobs hard until your skin turns bright pink". He laughed, "I had planned on doing that anyway; however, being paid while others watch makes it twice as sweet."
At each paddle Skye moaned and jumped and her pearly white skin that had never been exposed to the sun was soon as pink as the bikini she had been wearing. After spanking her soundly, Branson went back to the chat board to see what the next big tipper wanted him to do to her. "This sounds fun" Branson announced aloud, Justine from Indiana wanted to watch Branson lick Skye's clit until she came, "That sounds like a good one" so he laid Skye back on the bench and spread her lips. Her clit was hard and her pussy was already releasing the sweet nectar Branson could not wait to taste. Her wetness pleased Branson, "Oh, so my beautiful Skye likes to play rough." Branson proceeded to lap up all her sweet juices and suck on her clit until Skye was squirming with pleasure and the juices from her orgasm ran down between her sweet round ass. Tips and messages of appreciation kept pouring in.
The next request came from Mark from Minnesota, he wanted to watch as Branson fucked her tight virginal rosebud of an asshole for $500. Although the juices from Skye's last orgasm that had run between her ass cheeks had lubricated it enough for him to stick in one finger, then a second it was really tight. "Sweetheart I'm going to have to train your asshole a bit before you'll be able to accommodate my big cock, but we'll start your training today. Branson went back to his box of toys and found his anal stretcher.
Branson lubricated Skye's asshole and began inserting this uniquely pinnacle shaped toy that starts off nice and thin and widens gradually down to the base. It was very tight and Branson knew Skye would need more time before being able to accommodate his huge cock plus he wanted to save this particular act for a future show. Besides it was almost time for Star to be returning from her gig. Branson left the trainer in Skye's ass as he straddled her with his fully engorged penis snuggled between Sky's massive tits.
Branson whispered, "I'm gonna take out your gag and replace it with my hard cock, but if you bite or scream, I won't be so gentle with you next time, do you understand?" Skye nodded assent so Branson removed the gag and thrust his hard cock into her mouth. Oh baby, your mouth is so sweet", Then he straddled her boobs and used his legs to push them together and proceed to fuck the deep valley between them until he felt the next rising tide of his sperm, grabbing her head by her long braid he pulled her face forward and with one final hard thrust he released all of his sperm into her beautiful mouth. Skye tried to spit it out but Branson pushed her mouth shut and he told her to swallow it. And she did. All around the world men and women who had joined them on this live show were coming with him.
Branson turned to the camera and made an announcement: "tune in tomorrow night to watch as I take one or both of Skye's virgin cherries during a private showing. There will be a 500 token entry fee and I will accept personal requests of what you'd like to see me do with this beautiful virgin for an additional 100 tokens per request. Tell all your friends and tune in tomorrow night at 8pm.
Until next time..
Juliet Dupre