I suppose it helps to be an exhibitionist, if you're also a nudist, which I am! I love the free feeling and sensation of the morning sun shining on my naked body, warming my balls, as I lounge on our patio, with a good book, a cup of coffee. Occasionally, but not nearly often enough, my sexy wife will come out, while I'm sunbathing, knowing I'm going to motion for her to sit on the lounger, between my legs and lean back against my chest, so I can pull her night-shirt up, exposing her pale breasts to the warm morning sun.
It's thru my nudism that I've become an exhibitionist. The only view to our patio is from our neighbors back door and deck. Several times I noticed the previous neighbor's wife standing inside her door, checking me out. And just recently, the new neighbor's sexy wife was heading inside, when she spotted me for the first time, stopping mid-stride, while pretending to be on her phone for several minutes.
From under the brim of the hat I wear to keep the sun out of my eyes, I watched her staring at my naked body, pretending to not have noticed her, while reading my book. I already hang out, having cold beers with her and her husband either on their deck or our patio, so I know the view from their patio is a good one. Someday, I'll probably get up the nerve to wave to her while she's watching me, letting her know I know. I'll let you know when that happens. And depending on her response, I might even invite her to come join me for cup of coffee in the mornings.
When staying in hotels, which I do every week, I like going in to breakfast, wearing a t-shirt and thin house pants without boxers. The house pants do nothing to hide the bulge in my pants, which most of the women notice. Such a turn on watching them take a look, then pause continuing to look as I know they can clearly see the shape of my cock under the thin material.
As exhibitionists, it's always kind of exciting showing off, but the biggest thrill I get is in knowing the naughty flush of excitement felt by others when they happen to "catch a glimpse" of my wife or I, seeing something they know they shouldn't have been allowed to see. I'm never exactly sure what a woman feels upon seeing me, but I do know what thoughts and feelings hit a guy's brain and groin, when he sees my wife's sexy body, making her exhibition my favorite.
Nearly every morning, I stand behind my wife at our kitchen window, and as we watch the sun rise together, I roll her night-shirt up, exposing her bare breasts to the dozens of cars driving past. Her nipples get so hard, knowing that anyone who happens to look over at our house will certainly catch a glimpse of her firm little tits in the window. As I reach around to massage and caress her firm little B/C cup tits, what the car occupants can't see is both of her hands behind her back, massaging my balls and stroking my cock. This typically goes on for about 5 minutes, as we stop at that point, because she doesn't like losing time in the morning, cleaning up. lol. But sometimes, in the excitement of the moment, like when we see a guy notice her in the window, she takes me too far, causing me to pull down the back her shorts to spray my load all over her tight little ass, costing her time getting cleaned up to go to work.
I'm a huge fan of lingerie and sexy clothes, especially when it's my wife showing them off. I've never understood why women spend money on sexy bras, it they're not to be seen, so my wife's always been encouraged to wear low-cut shirts that give others the chance to admire her sexy bras when she leans forward. Maybe that's why, on her "girl's nights out", the guys couldn't help but take notice and hit on her all night, leading to a very hot night when she got home. I'll post the story of my "Wife's Night Out", if you'd like to read about her adventure and the fun it created!
I've always appreciated that my wife spends the first few hours of the day running around the house braless, wearing paper-thin, low-cut night shirts, that a couple lucky friends have had the chance to see, but her little sister's husband, well, that's a long story in itself. You can read for yourself, the story about how I discovered that my wife's been showing off her little tits to her sister's husband, when I watched the low-cut neckline of her night-shirt hang open as she bent over, giving her little sister's husband an unobstructed view of her naked little tits hanging inside.
There are many other opportunities we've taken with exhibitionism, such as leaving windows open, driving down the highway with my wife topless, and many others that I haven't mentioned here, but suffice to say, I enjoy it and continue to add more, so I'd love to hear any ideas, suggestions, or comments about this "free" lifestyle.