Monday morning arrived. It was the last week of FEH-101 and hopefully Emily will transfer the baton of the course to Samantha Miles the college President's wife. Emily readied for the day as she usually does. She went to the kitchen nude as she hummed a catchy tune. She sat next to her son.
"I can't believe how far I have come to sit next to my son completely nude. I would have never in a million years thought I would do this six months ago. Not only I would sit nude next to my son but let him squeeze my butt cheeks as we dance and sit spread so he can see were he came out of. I am amazed how adaptable humans are." Emily thought as she hummed the happy tune.
"Mom why are you so happy." Frank asked.
"I have a great husband; lovely kids and I finally have a daughter who hopefully will stay in this area. She will be in our family thanks to you." Emily said as she gave Frank a kiss on the cheek.
"Hey there what are you doing mom you trying to seduce my man with that sexy body of yours?" Lesley asked with fake anger as she bounded in the room naked.
"No, I am just blessed I have such a wonderful family, and, in a few months, I will have another daughter also." Emily stated joyfully.
"Awe that is nice of you to say that. I love you to mom. Lesley said as she gave her mother-in-law a kiss on the cheek. She set the table and helped Craig with the meal.
"What about me I am working my fingers to the bone as your cook and what do I get?" Craig stated, with a laugh.
"I'd show you, but you have your pants on and I don't have time. Some people have to work you know." Emily stated, jovaly as she ate her breakfast.
Her outfit for the day was a suit with a skirt in powder blue, panties, and bra, in the color nude, with a pair of shoes with three in heels of an accent color to match her handbag. She gave her husband a kiss and said goodbye to the young adults and was off to work. She sang with the radio as she drove. It was a fast drive to the college. She arrived early; the road construction did not slow down traffic today.
Emily walked into her office and a few minutes later Miles came by. "Could you come to my office I need to talk to you." He asked.
"Sure, what do you need?" She asked as they walked side by side in the college concourse.
He ushered her into his office and shut the door. She removed her jacket and skirt before he could stop her. "Professor what are you doing?" Shocked by her exhibition.
"Didn't, I tell you I would be nude during meetings with you?" Emily stated as she slipped off her panties.
"Yes, you did, but I didn't think you were serious." He stated to her lady lips.
"I want to make sure we get the one hundred and fifty million dollars from the grantor and this is what they want of me. I am willing to do this for the students. Now could you unhook my bra please?" Emily stated and asked. "Could you document this meeting?"
"Okay, I will document that you are nude so we can show the grantor you are abiding by the contract." The College President said as he did a good two finger twist to unhook the Professor's bra.
"Now how can I help you Miles." Emily asked as she sat and crossed one leg over the other in a way to highlight her slit for the President's benefit.
"Ah, do you know if Frank wants the Dean's position?" He said as he riveted his eyes on Emily's pussy. "Ah, do you know if he can start immediately if he does" Still he talked to Emily's pussy. "Ah, if not would you take the position temporarily." He asked her pussy.
"Intriguing aren't they." Emily asked the President.
"Yes, they are." The president said mesmerized by Emily's exposed genitals. "What did you say, Professor?" Miles asked as he looked at the Professor's face for the first time.
"Vaginas are fascinating isn't that right Miles." Emily asked as she ran her fingers around her opening.
"Yes, they are, and I saw more over the weekend than I have seen in all my life before." He laughed and Emily along with him.
With the spell broken Miles stated. "I need help how can we do this."
"Call Frank see if he wants to come in tomorrow or this afternoon. If not, I will help out okay!" Emily stated.
"Good I will call Frank." Miles stated.
"Tell Sam to be here for the class tomorrow and she will participate also."
"Okay I will." Miles answered with joy. "I will see my wife nude and probed tomorrow hopefully" he thought.
"We finished can I get dressed?" Emily asked.
"If you want to, but you look good nude for a mature woman." Miles ribbed the Professor.
"So, your telling me Lesley looks better nude, then me because she is younger." Emily ribbed right back to put him on the defensive.
"Hook my bra will you Miles."
He did a grand job, Miles you didn't fumble with the hooks of the bra.
"What do you think Professor I'm more confidence now?"
See a little instruction from my husband and you're a professional now at the bra snap. Maybe that is something we should put in the curriculum next year. Bra Removal 101 or BR-101. Two-week course." Emily giggled and Miles burst out with a guff.
Emily donned her skirt, blouse, blazer, and was about to leave.
"Oh, I almost forgot there is a meeting today at four could you call your people to meet us. I will call your son Frank." Miles asked.
Emily called Lesley. "Gather the troops we have a meeting at four today. See if you can get Frank to come to the meeting, also Lesley. What do you think about being naked for the meeting?"
"I'm game if you are mom?" Lesley stated.
"I will let you know when you get here." Emily stated.
Craig had a meeting with Jerry. They decided to put all the information they had together, but not bring it forward unless the meeting at four today goes south. It was decided Jerry will have the information with him and give it to Lesley if they needed additional documentation, she could assemble documents for Emily.
The classes were a breeze. Emily went to Lunch and her son was there.
"I received a panic call from Miles he wants me to start as Dean right away?" Frank vacillated.
"Why are you hesitant." Emily asked.
"I don't know if I will be able to do the job?"
"You have dad and I to help you. Go for it, son we have faith in you and got your back."
"Thanks mom!" Frank said, and gave her a hug."
The students gave the couple a funny look.
"He is my son Frank." Emily announced loudly after she stood up.
The looks turned from funny to embarrassed as the students looked down at their meals. There was a murmur in the room and then many of her students looked at her with a smile and gave her a thumbs up. It was decided Frank will accept the appointment for Dean of Students on a provisional basis. The Professor and her son finished their meal while in light conversation and headed their separate ways.
Frank will delay his acceptance of the position until the four PM meeting. And the Professor will spend her afternoon to continue work on the CI-101 Syllabus.
Before Emily realized it, the troop entered her office. It was three thirty PM. "That time already?" She stated. surprised.
"Time goes by fast when your having fun!" Lesley stated in her jovial way. "What's the verdict mom, us girls strip down for the meeting?"
"No, we will see how it goes maybe at the meeting? I want to make it known we are not adverse to nudity, but we will decide when it is warranted." Emily stated emphatically.
The group discussed what the meeting will be about today. Hopefully the group will come to an agreement on the grant thus the Professor will be agreeable to nudity when she feels it needed as long as the President's wife is agreeable also.
"It is four PM." Lesley states.
"We will be fashionably late! I want to have all our ducks in a row. Let's go over everything again. We need to be ready for any eventuality with this meeting. I want it to be the last one, with the outcome in our favor." Emily stated, with tenacity.
The President with the grantor Les Smidt, Dr Whitman, and Graham Cracker were all present, who they will discover, he will be the Administrations, new lawyer. The assembled group waited impatiently for Emily and troop to arrive. They didn't show up until nearly four thirty.
"Sorry we are late we had last minute details to attend to, so hopefully this will be our last meeting." Emily said with enthusiasm.
After introductions were made the President stated. "Emily why don't you start."
"Thank you, Mr. Lowe. I would like to know what the grantor would want to donate the One Hundred and fifty Million dollars over five years to the College?"
"I would like to talk to Professor Steele in private for a few minutes if I can." Les Smidt asked humbly.
"Sure Mr. Smidt I have no problem with this are there any objections."
With none stated the two so the two left the room. There was buzz in the room as to what the two were in discussion about. The sidebar lasted for about fifteen minutes.
Emily came out of the meeting with Mr. Smidt, she stated triumphally. "I am happy to announce Mr. Smidt has graciously stated he will donate the full amount to the college without any strings attached. Therefore, I will do my part." She stated as she started to remove her garments for the second time today to the amazement of all present. "Lesley do you want to be part of this?"
"Sure, thing mom!" Lesley happily stated as she removed her garments, folded them, and put them on an empty seat as Emily did.
"Mr. Cracker we will need a ruling from you if a private college can have women instructor's nude, if they so desire. In the halls and the classrooms. I don't want any trouble with parents. We need to let them know of our policy.
"I will get right on the document Professor Steele." The lawyer stated as he talked to her breasts.
"Do you see any problems Dr. Whitman with my initiative?" Emily asked.
"No as long as you're doing this of your own free will I see no problem. Although it is quite strange you would want to be nude in public." Dr. Whitman also addressed the professor's breasts.
Lesley had her computer out she typed away happier than a lark she is nude in public.
"How about the male professors. Surely they will be able to have the same freedom as the women?" The lawyer asked to add that to the document.
"I don't see why not as long as they can control themselves when they see a lovely young lady in the hall or classroom. I don't want them to point at the young ladies with their penis." Emily laughed, all joined in at her levity. She then continued. "I think the administration should decide on that. I will leave that to Mr. Lowe and the Dean to decide."
"That brings us to my next question. Mr. Steele do you accept the position of Dean at this college?"
"I will on a provisional basis."
Everyone clapped. The President went down the list. The PI, Dr. Whitman, and Craig had nothing to add.
They came to the Grantor. "I understand that you have had parties these last five weeks and Dr. Steele paid for most of them. I would like to have you join me tonight my treat with your spouses or significant others." Les graciously offered, but in reality, he heard about the parties through the grapevine.
"Great as Professor Steele's social director I will set something up and email the address to all." Lesley said as she picked up the sign-in sheet with their cell phone numbers and email addresses.
The meeting adjourned and all left the room. Emily and Lesley to the amazement of the others walked out into the hall nude and to the change room which was on the other side of the building. Most of the classes were in progress therefore few students or faculty saw the nude duo in the hall. The observers were shocked to see the two women, one a woman in her twenties and they other a prominent Professor at the college, nude as they walked the halls, with two men who carried their garments and other dignitaries in the procession.
When the group arrived at the change room, the troop had to leave the door open there were so many. Lesley started to make calls as soon as she entered the room. Emily was in the hall she conversed excitedly with Craig, Frank, and Jerry. They had done what they set out to do. Get the money for the college.
While Lesley made the arrangements for the victory party let me tell you about some of the new persons who showed up today and expand upon the ones who you know already.
Dr. Whitman is the same age as Miles his wife is an ebony beauty named Sheila, he taught in college she is seven years younger than him. The Lawyer Mr. Cracker is thirty years old he graduated from this college and received his degree in law from Harvard where he met his wife Mindy, she is a year younger than he. The two couples have children. In case you wanted to know.
Now you may say the party will not be fun with the dignitaries who will be present! Hang on and you will see what happens.
Lesley with her organizational skills had this event set up within a half hour. She sent out a text with the invitation and the address of the venue.
The Steele's went home to change for what reason was unknown but anyway they did. The ladies donned evening attire with no undergarments. If that tells you something. The men in blazers and slacks. The Steele's were the first to arrive, with the other couples behind with the exception of Les he arrived alone at six PM. To Emily's sorrow. She will need to do something about that she thought as she went to Les and gave him a hug.
"Glad you could make Les, we are grateful for your very generous grant. I would like you to observe the FEH-101 class tomorrow if you have time." Emily stated, with empathy.
"Really I can attend the class? You don't mind?" Les said ecstatically. He is the same age as her oldest son Jack.They didn't know each other as Emily taught in a different High school than her son went to. She felt sorry from Les. She took him under her wing all through high school. He spent all his time to build a business and didn't take time to have fun. She will make it her mission to make sure Les has fun from now on.
"Of course, you are welcome to attend! Emily stated, and then whispered. "I think that Mrs. Lowe and I can give you some private tutoring if you like." She smiled at the lonely young man.
"You will help me even though I put you through all that trouble." Les stated in disbelief.
"You and Arnold went about promoting the course in the wrong way. Both of you should have shown me the course. We could have worked out the mechanics of it together. Instead, you tried to bully me and blackmail me to get what you wanted or in your case need." Emily stated in her instructor persona.
"You mean to tell me we just needed to talk to you, and you would have instructed the class?" He asked incredulously.
"That is right My dear Mr. Smidt." Emily stated as she patted him on the cheek.
Poor Les the sexy professor gave him a boner!
The next to arrive were Dr. Whitman with his wife Sheila they demanded your attention when they entered the room through no fault of their own. They displayed regal qualities in their mannerisms and speech. All that aside they were genuinely nice people.
Jerry with Katy arrived next. Katy was nervous when she saw the Whitman's but when they met Darrell, and Sheila the Whitman's eased her trepidation.
Graham and his wife Mindy arrived the blonde beauty was introduced to everyone and fit in nicely. Lesley immediately had a connection with Mindy they both have some of the same mannerisms.
The last to arrive were Miles and Sam. They immediately went to talk to the Whitman's as they have been to dinner with them many times.
Emily made it a point to escort Mr. Smidt around the room to meet everyone with Lesley. Les was in his glory he has never had the attention lavished on him as he has tonight. Emily and Lesley had Les between them. He strolled around the room with two beautiful women one on each arm.
After all the introductions were made, it was time to put the cards on the table so to speak. Miles arose and started the program.
"I would like to introduce the newest member to our facility My wife Samantha. She will work with Professor Steele in the FEH-101 Program.
"What is FEH-101 Professor Steele?" Sheila Whitman asked.
"It is a hands-on course to teach male students to respect women and how to interact intimately with the female students" Emily elegantly stated.
"I would like to learn more about this course." Sheila continued.
"Here is my opening will I be brave enough to walk through?" Emily thought. "If Mrs. Lowe is willing to help along with her husband, we could give all here a demonstration on the type of course it and what is covered? Or in this case uncovered." Emily stated, jovially with cautious optimism.
There was dead silence for about thirty seconds. Emily thought she went too far.
"I think that is an excellent idea. It gives Les a chance to see the program he contributed to and all here will see what we want to achieve as we move forward." The President stated, it was all bullshit he just wanted to see his wife naked and spread in front of the group.
"I don't know if I am ready. Why don't you show them Emily?" Sam stated almost in tears.
"Sam you need to step up. The professor wants to make sure you're ready this is a way to practice." Miles stated forcefully.
"I will pay you for your time tonight Mrs. Lowe if that helps." Les stated.
"Lesley what do you think we help Sam?' Emily states.
"I'm game mom!" Lesley stated as she started to strip.
Emily followed her daughter-in-laws lead,
"I'm in! Katy stated as she disrobed also.
Darrel and Graham looked at each other as their wife's did the same. The two ladies did not strip off.
"Is there something we are missing here?" Darrel asked the question that the other three thought.
"The meeting of the Full-Tan-Sun-Club Chapter sixty-nine will commence after the FEH-101 demonstration. There will be dancing until ten thirty tonight also." Lesley stated as she jumped into her role as activity director.
"I knew there was something I liked about group when I met them." Darrel stated. "So, all of you go to a nudist camp?" He asked.
"We have been to nude beaches when we are out of town but have never gone to a nudist camp. We figured it was too risky with the career Darrel chose." Sheila stated.
"We have gone to nude beaches also, but never to a nudist camp. We didn't think there were any around here." Graham stated.
"The camp is about two to two- and one-half hours from here it depends, where you live." Lesley stated.
"We went there for the first-time last weekend for instruction to teach FEH-101." Sam stated now excited as she started to strip off her clothes.
"Mrs. Lowe, I want you to conduct the class." Emily stated in her Professor persona.
"We need to set up three chairs in front of one of the tables. Craig and Miles, can you do that. Who wants to be the students?" Sam asked she was nude and used the chairs to mount the table. She reluctantly spread herself wide as the two women Sheila and Mindy watched on in amazement along with their husbands and Les.
"Sam!" Emily called to get the woman's attention, when Sam looked over Emily pointed to Les who was in the corner as he watched the nude women.
"Les, why don't you come over here and take the position in between my legs you can be my first student if you like." Sam stated.
"Really you want me to be your student!" He stated with surprise as he bolted toward the woman spread before him and jumped into the chair over the back."
Sam suddenly felt shy she wanted to close her legs but couldn't because Les sat between them. She turned red and looked to Emily for encouragement.
"You can do it Sam just like you did this weekend." Emily stated.
"Sam you can do it." Miles added as he went in back of his wife and supported her back.
"I will show you how I like to have my husband touch me." She started as she used her fingers to run them around her vaginal opening and then she pulled on her breasts. She inserts her fingers in her vagina and rubbed her clit. "Now you try it." She moaned.
The newcomers were astonished with the demonstration so far.
Les was all thumbs as he tried to emulate Sam's instructions.
"Les, softly you're too rough." Sam whispered, she took the young man's hand, to show him how she likes to be stroked. She forgot about the audience who witnessed her performance. She only concentrated on Les' ministrations and her need to orgasm. She had tunnel vision she could only see the young man's fingers in her pussy and directed them to give her the most enjoyment possible.
"Oh, my GGAADD that is so good!" Sam said as she orgasmed, she trapped his fingers in her honey pot. When she finally came back to earth a stunned Les still had his fingers in her box. "Thank you Les for the help with the demonstration." Sam kissed him on the cheek.
There wasn't a limp dick in the room or dry panties if you had any on. For those ladies who were nude their wetness extended to their knees.
"I don't know about you, but I have wet panties." Sheila whispered to Mindy.
"I do also." Mindy whispered back.
The wonderful scent of excited female permeated the room. Emily sensed the new ladies of the group needed to go to the ladies' room.
"Can I help you with something?" Emily stated.
"Where is the restroom?" Mindy asked.
"I will show you." Emily stated. "Any ladies need to go to the powder room." Emily announced.
They paraded to the door, even the nude women.
"Are you going out to the bar nude?" Mindy asked in surprise.
"Yes, it is quiet on Monday's and we have been here before." Lesley stated. "We give the guys at the bar a thrill." She laughed.
The ladies paraded out into the bar, the men with bored looks on their faces turned to the sound of the door as it opened and immediately their expression changed to excitement. When they viewed all the women some nude as they paraded passed to the restroom. There was a murmur of excitement when they saw the nude women.
Sam knew Sheila well she has gone out with her many times. "Sheila, take the plunge, you will feel free and liberated." Sam stated with enthusiasm.
"If you do it I will." Mindy stated.
"Darrel will probably kill me but here it goes." Sheila stated as she stripped as if she was in a race, so she wouldn't back out.
True to her word Mindy followed. "I hope Graham won't be mad at me." She stated as she removed her panties.
Four nude women and two dressed women went into the restroom and six nude women came out. Two carried their clothes. The men at the bar were pleasantly surprised to see this. An assortment of body types and pubic coiffures were inadvertently modeled by the ladies as they walked by.
The women walked back into the private room. The men were surprised to have all the women nude. The servers came in to take their beverage orders and where amazed to see all the women nude. They left and returned with the beverages. Four other servers came in to take the meal order.
There was cordial conversation while the group waited for the meal. One topic included what the nude in public phenomenon will do to college life. The women each in turn explained how they felt about it and all agreed it excited them to be exposed in that way.
The servers brought the meals and all had their fill with doggy bags to bring home. They thanked Les he was gracious enough to invite the group here at his expense.
The music switched from dinner music to dance music. As the bus staff cleared the tables.
"Time to start dancing!" Lesley stated.
Lesley fell into the arms of her fiancé and they danced close, he grabbed her butt cheeks, she was exposed to all present. To the horror of primarily the two novice women in the group. They could see all Lesley's private bits. Craig danced with the Professor the same way as did Jerry and Katy. The women's sex were on display as they danced the way the men held their bottoms.
Darrel and Graham received the green light to dance in the same manner as the group when Miles brought Sam to the floor and grabbed her cheeks as they danced. With horror the novice's realized that their partners grabbed their bottom cheeks to expose their lady lips to the group. They looked around and saw the other women exposed. They could feel the cool air on their sex. The novices became embarrassed when they could feel their excitement start to run down their thighs, because of their exposure.
The next surprise of the evening came when Lesley stated. "We will switch partners every dance from now on. The troop started with their partners they danced close. The women rubbed their bare breasts on the men's clothed chest. They could feel their partners excited clothed member brush their bare skin as they danced. This excited the women.
The next song started, and they switched partners the novices danced with distance between their new partners until they were pulled in. The novice's excitement raised when they felt a strange, clothed member brush their skin and likewise the men's excitement rose as they danced with a naked beautiful woman.
This went on all night and by ten everyone at the party were good friends to say the least. The wait staff came in for the final dances with the ladies. Yes, even the novice's danced with the wait staff. All the women has their sex on display along with their brown star.
Mindy and Sheila balked when they were told the ladies usually walked to the car naked out through the bar. Their spouses persuaded them to follow the other women out. The novice's watched with dread when they saw Katy, Sam, Emily, and Lesley give a pussy show to the men as they entered their vehicles. The ladies talked the novices into a pussy show for the men.
Mindy had to dress in the car. Graham brought the sitter home and when he entered their bedroom, he found his wife nude, as she rubbed her pussy she stated. "I kept my kitty warm for you!"
He dove on the bed and buried his face in her pussy. It is a funny thing we spent nine months before we get out of the womb and spend the rest of a males, life to try to get back in. But it is so much fun!
Mindy orgasmed with a vengeance. She had to put her pillow over her face to muffle her scream. "Oh, Mmyy llllllllllllllllllloooooooorrrrrrdddddddddddddd.! Aaaahhhhaaaaahhhhh!" She screamed into the pillow.
Graham was out of his clothes and hopped into the saddle to finish the ride to ecstasy. Within fifteen minutes the act was over, and they fell asleep sated.
There are no kids home at the Whitman residence so Sheila ran to the front door nude and waited for Darrel to open it. They only made it to the hall when he grabbed her from behind as he doffed his lower garments and bent her over the hall table to have his way with her. They both came together. Stumbled to the bedroom stripped off and went to sleep nude.
Sam had to dress somewhat as their son was home. They tiptoed passed his room and closed their bedroom door. Ripped their clothes off and fucked like rabbits for a few minutes to orgasm. They fell asleep happy.
Emily, Craig, Lesley and Frank did their kitchen fuck and went to bed to a restful sleep.
Jerry was the unlucky one Katy needed to go home. Sometimes a guy just can't win.
Tuesday; This is the first day Sam will be the instructor of the class.
Emily did her usual morning ritual and came out into the kitchen. She had on her Tuesday attire, a button front dress in pink. Undergarments to match and a pair of heels that accented her outfit along with a purse.
Lesley and Frank were still in bed, Craig had the Professor's breakfast for her.
"I need you today to instruct Miles on his responsibilities when his wife takes over for me." Emily stated as she ate her food.
"You mean I will not be needed anymore after this year?" Craig stated downhearted.
"We will prep for the new curriculum CI-101 we will both need to participate in the instruction of the new course. You will show the class how to pleasure your wife and we will watch as the couples pleasure their partners." Emily said with excitement.
"You mean I will get paid to have sex with you in front of the students?" He asked in astonishment.
"You're somewhat right, we will both get paid to have sex with each other in front of the students. If the course passes the administrations review." Emily stated.
Emily finished her breakfast went to her room to put on a little makeup. On the way by her son's room. She could hear the sex tempo and the moans of the young couple. Emily came back into the kitchen kissed her husband and was off to her classes. She sang with the radio as she drove, happy she has gotten what she wanted after the stressful few weeks.
As Emily walked into the building she was hijacked by the President. "Come into office my office please." He said urgently.
"Is there a problem Miles?" Emily asked with concern.
"No, I just want to make sure Sam will be groomed today." He said with excessive excitement.
"Yes, she will be nude and spread to have her vaginal area groomed for your enjoyment. Craig will show you what you need to do. You will need to help her with the class." Emily explained.
"I have many other commitments throughout the year. It will be very difficult for me to be at every one of her classes." Miles stated.
"I will have Craig help out then when you need help. If that meets your approval." Emily stated without any thought her husband may have to intimately touch Sam. She had an inspiration. "I know! Why not call Mr. Smidt to help out when you are not available. Work out a schedule with him."
"I will have backup from Craig, or I can call Les if needed that is a great idea Professor." Miles stated. A smile crept across Miles face. "Didn't you forget something Professor?"
"Miles you will be in the class with your wife you will have two naked women then. I have to get to class." Emily stated, with a laugh.
The morning classes went fast. She walked into the cafeteria to find, the President with a smile on his face and his wife so nervous it looked like she was ready to barf.
"I don't know if I can do this!" Sam stated and put her head in her hands.
"Sam, you did great over the weekend, and yesterday. There is no difference with the students. I will be there to help you. It will be a breeze this first class because you will be groomed, the students have groomed me twice. They will know what to do, you will need to give very little direction today. After the class is over you will wonder why you were so nervous. Take it from me it is very pleasurable once you get over your embarrassment." Emily stated earnestly.
Miles and Craig brought lunch to the ladies. Sam ate very little. Emily and the others conversed with Sam to keep her mind off her exposure in the hours ahead.
They were surprised to see Les come to the table with his lunch. "This brings back memories." He stated.
He went to this college before Emily started, she taught high school until her last son graduated. She worked toward her PHD within this time.
They finished their meal; Craig cleared the table. Emily, Sam, Les, and Miles headed to the change room.
Emily stripped out of her dress, removed her panties, and turned her back to Miles. "Can you unhook me please." He did the two-finger snap like a pro and the Professor's bra was unhooked. "Thank Mr. Lowe you did learn something from my husband."
"What did your husband do?" Craig asked as he only heard the words. "My husband." When he entered the room.
"Miles learned well from you how to unhook a bra. Seeing he unhooked my undergarment I think you should unhook Sam's if all agree." Emily stated.
"I have no problem with that." Miles stated.
Sam unbuttoned her dress and in the process of removal of the garment. "Craig, I need help." She turned her back and Craig did the one hand unhook of the intimate garment for her.
Sam handed her discarded bra to her husband he put it in the locker and she donned the dress then slipped off her panties. Both women secured their garments enough to prevent any intimate area exposure as the walked to the classroom.
Les was in awe he watched the two women casually undress in front of the men.
Craig let Miles take roll call. Les sat in the corner and watched. The instructors entered after everyone was seated. The students could see by the sway of the two instructors' breasts under their dresses. They were naked except for the outer garment. The students all had big grins on their faces when they greeted the teachers. They will see two naked ladies today.
"Today we have another instructor here along with the Grantor for the endowment. Give a big hand for Mrs. Lowe who decided to conduct this course next year. Her husband Mr. Lowe who is the President of this college has graciously let his wife instruct this class. Last but not least Mr. Smidt, who is the philanthropist who donated a large amount of money to the college." Emily continued. "We will work with Sam and Miles today and Thursday. I have something special planned for the last class. Today we will devote the class to make Sam's pubic area align with our needs for the last class. We need to groom her pubic area similar to mine." Emily stated as she removed her dress and gave it to Craig. "Miles help your wife with her garment and help her onto the table. Craig can you get the equipment needed, take a student with you.
Sam reluctantly disrobed and was escorted to the exam table. Miles helped his wife's mount table, put her feet the stirrups, and he spread her legs to the point of pain he spread her so wide.
Emily readjusted the stirrups and whispered her disapprove to Miles. "You have to be more considerate of any woman who is in the exposed position your wife is in. A little more respect for her feelings."
"Craig you distribute the equipment needed, Miles you're the timekeeper. All the students get into alphabetical order." Emily stated. "Whenever you're ready start.
The first young man used a pair of clippers on Sam's lush bush it was so thick. She became excited with the students touch. He did not confine his finger around her mound but also run his finger along her slit. Time was called and the next student continued with the clippers and became emboldened by the lack of censure from either the Professor or Sam, so he inserted his fingers in her honey pot, pumped them in her to her horror and he ceased the use of the trimmers.
"Oh, are you supposed to do that!" Sam asked in horror as she felt his finger in her honey pot. Sam moaned with pleasure.
"Carl your done! Craig escort him out of here. You need to have more respect for the instructor. Sam you don't have to put up with any student who does something like that to you. Miles and Craig keep an eye out for anyone who molests the instructor in this situation. The instructor will give a green light to any activity is that understood from here on.
The next student moistened Sam's pubic hair around her vaginal opening with warm water. She became more aroused with the first touch of the warm water. All the students took turns; they shaved Sam's labia. They took care not to unduly molest Sam while they shaved her. The last student just finished the job with respect to the lady.
That is until she said. "I need to cum!"
The student looked at the Professor. "Sam I think you should have Mr. Smidt apply a lotion to your private area, so you will not get razor itch." The student reluctantly sat down as Les happily took his place.
Sam took Mr. Smidt's hand after he rubbed the lotion in his hand and directed him to her breast showed him how she likes her nipples pulled on, along with a finger on her clit to rub it. Les was a quick study. He put more lotion on his hands and continued. Sam orgasmed within two minutes of his start to manually pleasure the new instructor.
"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" She screamed as she pushed her pussy up to try to get more of the Grantor's hand in her box.
Sam was spread out on the table in another world. Miles could not take his eyes off his wife. A dream come true! He wife nude and spread in front of a group of students.
"I want to reiterate when you're in this class you will wait for the green light to go further with the instructor. In this class you should have learned how to do this. Carl will flunk this class and we will have to assess whether we will let him take this class again. We have run over on the class. Thursday is the last class, and we will have a special final." Emily said as she dismissed the class and donned her garment.
"Miles lock the door to the classroom while you discuss the merits of the class. Come on Craig come with me to help me change. Les you can tag along also" Emily said as she reached for her husband's hand. they left the room as Miles pushed it shut and the couple could hear the click of the lock.
Sam was still out of it from her orgasm when Miles stepped up onto the stool and buried his head between her legs to lick her slit to her second orgasm as he used two fingers in her honey pot while he coordinated his attack on her box. She orgasmed a second time. He aimed his spear at her manhole. She was so wet he drove it home and bounced off her cervix. Her only comment was.
"That feels good dear." Sam stated in a voice somewhere between a moan and a whimper. "I need it harder, go faster, I need a pounding I am so hot."
Miles complied he revved up to a pile drive momentum, but the pleasure of the feel of his wife's pussy was short lived with the speed he pounded her. He blew his load within a minute he was so excited because he watched students their kids age, intimately touch his wife. He manually brought his wife to her third orgasm.
Sam was helped up after she recovered from her multiple orgasms. Her legs felt like rubber and her excitement ran down her legs to her knees. Miles helped her dress and he secured one button. They exited the classroom. As the couple walked to the change room Miles looked to the side at his wife. He could see her newly coiffured pubic area come into view and a nipple from time to time. Others in the halls noted their President's wife's outfit without comment.
Emily doffed her dress. She stood nude in front of Les. "What did you think of the class Mr. Smidt?" She asked.
"I wish there was a class like that for me when I was here." Les Lamented.
"It is never too late I will make sure you get the instruction needed either in a private class or I think we can talk the administration into the six-week class for you, if you like. Another option is the CI 101 class if it gets approved." Emily stated and went over and gave him a 'bare' hug in other words she was nude, and she hugged him.
"Thanks Professor Steele you always had my back." Les said with reverence, not because she was nude but because she always helped him when he was in high school. He feels good to give back.
"Les you can call me Emily I think you are familiar enough with me by now." She giggled as she sat on the corner of the desk to give him a pussy show.
There was laughter in the room when Sam and Miles entered. "Sam you look just fucked. You need to take a shower, but after me." Emily said as she bolted for the shower. The room was in an uproar when Emily came out with her last remark.
As Emily dried off, Sam stripped and took a shower.
Les was upset with himself the way he tried to manipulate Emily who would have done what he wanted if only he asked. There would not have been the upheaval in the college staff also. He wanted to gain acceptance with this group. "Do you have any place in mind for dinner tonight my treat for everyone?" He asked, as he handed Emily and Sam their pay envelope.
"Funny that you say that. I will call our social director Lesley to set something up." Emily stated as she called her daughter-in-law. When she answered. "Lesley this is Mom, find a place for tonight for nine a private room. Call Jerry and Katy." She stated and disconnected.
Sam forgot about payment she was so stressed about her exposure. Sam was still nude she took the envelope and opened it she counted fifteen one-hundred-dollar bills. "Oh, thank you Les!" She said as she wrapped her arms around his neck and pressed her naked body against him.
Boing he got a boner poor guy!
Emily and Sam only throw on their dresses they skipped their undergarments.
"Sam it didn't take you long to embrace the freedom you experience when you go commando." Craig stated.
"Commando what is that?" Sam askes.
"That is when you forgo nuisance of undergarments! Besides Dr. Oz says it is healthy to go commando it lets your honey pot breath and wards off infections." Emily stated, with authority.
"See you're are healthier presently as you hang around with this crew." Miles stated happily.
"Yah right! You just want to get pussy shows from the ladies." Emily stated and all laughed.
Lesley was ecstatic. "She said Mom!" Lesley thought as she called around to book a private room for the meeting. She texted out the information. Emily and Sam left their cars at a mall and jumped in their spouse's vehicle because they will have to come back by on the way home. Les parked at the mall and rode with Emily and Craig.
They rode in silence for a few minutes and then Emily turned to the school's benefactor. "I would like to help you to overcome your shyness with women if you will let me?" She stated with compassion. As she twisted in the seat and inadvertently gave him an opened leg pussy shot. He sat in back of the driver.
Boing! He popped a boner as he looked at the honey pot laid bare in front of him.
"I would like that, but I don't want to cause you any more grief. Mr. Steele is it okay with you if your wife helps me?" Les asked, as he tried to hide his stiff member and afraid of her husband's answer.
"By all means Les, if anyone can help you Em can my boy." He stated gayly in a friendly tone.
Sam, Emily, Craig, Miles, and Les were the first to arrive. They were ushered into a private room. They have never been there before. This establishment had many small meeting rooms with a semi-private hall between them that housed the restrooms.
Lesley and Frank arrived a few minute later. Lesley was dressed if you could say that in a button front garment with only one button in the center secured. She was all be naked when she walked. "Frank likes this style of dress. I hope I haven't offended anyone. Do you have any complaints with my outfit Mr. Lowe. I don't want to offend my fiancé new boss?" She stated and giggle.
"No, you look fetching in that outfit." As an afterthought as not to offend the older ladies, especially his wife. "In fact, all the ladies are adorable in their outfits."
"Does that me we can't take off our outfits tonight?" Lesley asked with a pout.
The waiter came in to take their order. The troop have never been to this restaurant before, so Emily inquired. "Would it be okay if the ladies removed their garments, we belong to the Full-Tan-Sun-Club?"
"Well, we have never had any requests like this before, but if there are no complaints from the clientele, we don't see any problem." The host stated excited as to what this slow night has in store for the waitstaff.
The beverage order was taken, as Jerry and Kay arrived, she was dressed down in anticipation of the event. She had on the usual button front dress, a uniform of sorts for ladies of this group. She had to wear panties though to get out of the house, without being questioned by her daughter. She didn't want her daughter suspicious of her activities. She slipped her panties off and stashed them in her purse, in front of the surprised server as he took her order.
"Is it time yet mom?" Lesley asked.
"Should we go to the ladies' room first." Sam asked. It is well known women who have been mothers have a proclivity to need more restroom breaks.
The ladies trooped to the restroom. There was a huddle while they were in the room.
"We need to find a young woman for Les. He is lonely, shy, and really a nice young man." Emily lamented.
"Yes, and he is filthy rich." Lesley giggled as she stated the obvious. "I will find a woman for our friend Les." She pledged in thought.
They used the facilities, divested themselves of their garments, folded them and draped them over their arms. The beautiful naked women with a multitude of body types, breast sizes, and pubic coiffeurs, proudly trooped out to the restroom and into the meeting room in a semblance of a runway walk, with their heads held high.
"The meeting of the Full-Tan-Sun-Club Chapter sixty-nine is in session." Lesley hawkes, as she entered the room.
The men stood up and clapped.
Emily and Lesley sat Les between them with their partners next to the ladies. Sam, Miles, Jerry, and Katy were on the opposite side of the table. When the server entered and encountered the naked women he left. Came back with more help to take the orders. You guessed it three more young men.
The group conversed as they waited for their meal. Les loved the attention lavished on him from the two naked beauties, one on each side of him. When he absently put his hand on their thighs, he pulled them away as if he was burnt. The two women's quick reaction grabbed his hands and placed them back on their thighs close to the juncture of their legs. He could feel pussy hair!
Frank and Craig were amused by their ladies, shenanigans with Les. Mr. Smidt, was in his glory he has never had his hand on the leg of one naked lady, never mind two. One was his former teacher!
The meals came and all ate heartily. It was a fabulous meal. Everyone thanked Les for meal. The bus staff entered to clean up the leftovers and the lights were lowered. The music started at eight.
Without any hesitation the group went to the dance floor and danced the first fast number. Les was mesmerized by the naked female flesh which quivered to the beat of the music. Breasts swayed and butts jiggled.
The next song was a slow number. Emily approached Les. "May I have this dance?"
He turned red. "I never learned to dance." He lamented.
"Then you will just have to learn. I will have to be your tutor." Emily stated as he escorted the naked Professor to the floor.
It took her halfway through the dance to teach Les the steps and then she put her arms around his neck and had him place his hands on her butt cheeks. She could feel a good-sized bat rise between his legs when she pulled him in close, naked breast to clothed chest.
When the server came into to ask if they needed anything.
Emily asked. "Could you play mostly slow dance music?"
"I will see what I can do." The server politely stated as he eyed the delightful variety of naked female flesh.
"Thank you, Eddie." Emily stated as she brushed her breast against his bare arm, which to the delight of the Professor brought a shiver and a smile of desire for more tactile contact with her body. She could see she had an effect on the young man, so Emily continued her monolog. "The staff has been so cognizant of our needs I think we will come back here again." Emily stated in almost a whisper so she could get close to the young man. The back of his hand was against her moist lower lips as she conversed with him.
'Boing' he popped a boner! Out the door he went and right to the kitchen. "Guys come here, smell the back of my hand! The woman they call Professor pushed her wet pussy against the back of my hand while she talked to me." Eddie explained excitedly.
"Holy crap! The back of his hand smells like excited pussy!" One of the older cooks stated after a whiff of the back of Eddie's hand. "Smells like prime pussy if you want my opinion." He laughed.
Most of the music consisted of slow dances with a few fast numbers inserted. All the women made it a point to have Les on the floor at all times. He was treated to an assortment of female body types pressed against him that night along with the different texture of female butt he 'massaged' as he danced. He had the most fun he has ever had in his life thanks to Professor Steele and her group of naked ladies.
The group danced with their partners for about an hour. Each woman took turns to dance with Les to give their partners a rest. It seemed the women enjoyed the dance music more while they were naked.
"Would anyone like to go to the ladies' room with me?" Sam asked.
All the women marched out into the hall they meet a surprised older man in the hall as he alighted from the men's room.
"Would you like to play a game?" Emily asked impishly.
"Sure, I'm game mom!" Lesley stated.
"The wait staff has been very cognizant of your needs." Emily went on to explain how she talked in a whisper to Eddie and rubbed her pussy on the back of his hand.
The women all agreed it would be fun, but they wondered if their men would be angry.
"Leave that to me." Lesley stated.
The game was on, any time a server would come in to see if anything was needed one of the women would approach them with the excuse to ask them something and rub their pussy against the back of lucky servers' hand. All the women rubbed their pussy on at least one servers hand that night.
Along about ten PM the switch your partners after every dance game were in play and continued until eleven. The last dances were with the staff per usual and then the nude parade out of the dinning, establishment was followed by the pussy show as they entered the vehicles.
With all the foreplay the horny couples could not wait to get home. The women remained nude when they picked up their vehicles at the Mall.
Sam hastily donned her dress in the garage as their son was home. They walked into the house to find him in the den with the tv on.
"Hi Mom, Dad." He then looked over at his mother her dress only had two buttons secured and mismatched. "Mom you get dressed in the dark?" He asked with a smirk and proceeded to inquire. "Looks like you went parking dad did you have fun?"
Samantha ran to the master bedroom in embarrassment to leave Miles to explain.
"Well son, ah I-we oh ah oh hell...We had a good time tonight and that is all I am saying!" Miles laughed and went to the master bedroom to find Sam nude on the bed.
No words were exchanged. Miles closed the door stripped down for action and dove on the bed. Sam who had a change of heart about oral sex it is no longer deviant behavior, but enjoyable behavior between consenting adults. She pulled her husband's head between her opened legs by his ears. He went to her honey pot without a fight. He loves her scent and the taste of her excitement. She pulled on her nipples as he licked her clit and used three fingers as a small cock.
He stopped his oral ministrations just before she orgasmed. Miles slid up her body and gave her a kiss. Sam could taste her sex on his lips and loved it. She helped with the insertion of his spear in her box. They made passionate love. Miles held back until Sam went over the top and then blew his load deep in her box. He painted her cervix with his sperm. They enjoyed their after orgasm bliss and fell asleep with a smile.
Emily drove home nude parked the car and urgently entered the house. Ran to the master bath. She had to pee... You know the way older women who had children are!
Now let's get back to the important stuff. Craig and Frank stripped in the hall on the way to their bedrooms. Lesley reached for Frank's hand in the hall and coaxed him to his parent's room.
Lesley pulled back the covers on the king size bed as Emily entered the room. "Mom can we use your bed tonight. The counter is not very comfortable." She laughed, laid on her back spread her legs and pulled Frank on top of her.
"Why not! Sounds like fun. What do you think Craig?" Emily asked as she laid down on her back ready to receive her husband's advances.
The sights, sounds, and smell of sex excited both the men. Emily was excited to see her son in action. She loved to have sex in front of someone. Lesley felt the same. It brought excitement to both women. Lesley reached over and held Emily's hand as the men sawed away to bring them off. It was a wonderful bond for the couples enjoyed.
The men's excitement was over the top from their vantage point they could see both women's pleasure and could see their members as they were gripped by the women's lady lips as they surrounded the men's equipment and the lips bulged out and went in with each stroke. The men had a better view of the women's next to them penetration then of the women they pleasured.
The women came together and the men after they made sure their ladies orgasmed painted their respective ladies' cervix with their sperm. They fell asleep in the large bed.
Katy didn't want a repeat of the last get together. She had her friend sleep over her house as a sitter for her daughter. Not that she is not old enough to stay alone at fifteen, but she didn't want to give her daughter the opportunity to get into trouble so to speak.
Anyway, Katy was nude for the drive home, she teased Jerry mercilessly with her finger work on her hot box. She rubbed her clit and played with her nipples as she laid against the passenger door. They just made it to the den,on the couch. He played licky-de-slit with her until she had her first orgasm. Dropped his pants and underwear and plowed into her box as if he sawed cordwood with a buck saw. Their ride to the top of the mountain only lasted a few minutes and Jerry blasted off. They lay in contented bliss on the couch. Jerry helped Katy up and they retired for the night for a dreamless slumber.
Wednesday: Emily awoke refreshed from her slumber the stress has dissipated. The kids were not in the bed. Her husband was in the kitchen and she could smell the wonderful aroma of coffee. She went about her morning routine. Emily entered the kitchen nude after her shower. To find Lesley nude in her roll of second chef. Frank commented on a news article about his acceptance of the Dean position at the college.
"Lesley can you call around and procure a portable exam table. Call Miles and have him purchase it we will need it for tomorrow for the last class." In her Professor persona which has become natural even though she was nude.
"Sure mom, I can take care of that for you. No problem." Lesley stated.
"I have a golf game today I will be home about two. How about we stay home tonight and relax? I will cook some steaks on the grill." Craig said.
"I will help dad." Lesley stated.
"Yes, always the sexy little helper." Frank stated. "I have to go to the college today also can I get a ride with you so Lesley can have the car?" Frank asked.
"Sure, thing Frankie."
Frank ate his meal and went to his room to get ready.
Emily had her breakfast and went to her bedroom to get ready for her day. She appeared dressed in an orchid skirt, white blouse, orchid blazer, shoes with three-inch heels that accented the outfit along with a purse. Emily gave her husband a kiss and was off to her classes.
Frank gave Lesley a kiss and a boob tweet. He followed his mother out. She let him drive.
Upon arrival they were greeted by Miles. "I am glad you're here Frank, I have some priority items I need to go over with you. Good morning Professor we had a great time yesterday. Thank you for your competent instruction for my wife to take over the class."
"Thanks Miles, bye Frank have a good day." Emily stated as she gave her son a kiss on the cheek.
Emily's classes were delightful she never tires of the instruction of our next generation. It was noontime before she knew it and walked into the cafeteria, got her lunch, and sat at a table. She corrected some papers as she ate.
"Do you want some company?" Les announced hesitantly.
"Sure, Les sit down." Emily acknowledged joyfully. "Are you going to have lunch?" She asked.
"No, ah I ate already. Ah I ah wanted to ah ask you ah something. Ah did you ah I mean ah what you, ah said ah bout ah instruction?" He asked hesitantly.
"Instruction..." Emily had to think a minute. "Oh, the FEH-101 instruction for you?"
"Yes, that's it. Is that something you would do for me or do I have to see Mrs. Lowe?" Les asked embarrassed but less hesitantly.
"No, I can help you with that. Why don't you go see Miles ask him if the classroom for FEH-101 is available this afternoon? I could work with you today if it is available." Emily stated.
Les hurried out of the cafeteria to find Miles. Miles sent him to Frank as he as the scheduler for the room use.
"Hi mom, I just saw Les he said something about he needed the classroom you use for FEH-101?" Frank said as he sat down with his mother to have lunch.
"Yes, remember I told him I would help him overcome his shyness with women." The Professor stated.
"Okay I will find Les and tell him he can use the room." Frank stated as he ate his lunch.
It was an hour before Les showed up at Emily's office she continued on the CI-101 syllabus in that time. She thought the classroom was in use.
"It is available until three this afternoon it is only one now. Are you available to help me? I will pay you." Les asked with the look of a boy who wants a new toy on his face.
"Sure, Les let's go to the classroom see what we can accomplish today." Emily stated cheerfully as she grabbed his arm. "But you don't have to pay me." She said as they walked to the classroom with her arm through his.
They entered the classroom and Emily took off her blazer. To Les's dismay she sat in a student chair. "Les, sit down next to me and we will go over the finer points of interaction with the opposite sex. It is called opposite sex because most of the time we don't know what men are thinking and vice versa." Emily stated, with a smile. "So, let's start with what do you need help with?" She asked.
"I get tongue tied when I see a woman I want to talk to." Les stated with embarrassment.
"You're doing great talking with me now?" Emily praised.
"Well, I know you, when I see a woman I like I don't know how to start a conversation with her." Les tried to explain.
"Okay, Les you see a young woman sitting alone and she looks at you and smiles. You should go over and talk with her ask her if she is there alone. If she is, ask her if she wants company. She says yes, you sit down and ask her about herself. Most people love to talk about themselves. Ask what she does and things like that." Emily explained. This went on for about forty-five minutes. "Do you have any questions Les?" There was a silence for a minute.
"No, I think I am good so far." Les stated, his hope he will see Professor Steele nude has dwindled over the last half hour.
Emily had an inspiration. "Les, this is not the usual course protocol, but I think this will help if you're interested. I will let you remove my clothes so you will get practice to do this for a woman. Is that something that appeals to you?" Emily asked with a contagious smile.
With a big grin of unimaginable happiness, Les stated. "You will really let me remove your clothes for you?"
"Sure, I am an instructor of FEH-101 that you have so generously funded so you of all people should receive the instruction needed to pleasure a young woman." Emily stated as she stood up and walked toward him.
Les shook he was so excited. On her part she could see that large bat in his pants as she stood in front of him. It was hilarious to see how he was all thumbs. Emily had all she could do not to laugh. Les finally unhooked the last button and looked at Emily for permission to continue.
"Les are you done is that as far as you want to go?" The Professor asked.
"Ah, no can I keep going? Your husband and son wouldn't be mad at you?" Les asked astonished Emily will let him continue. "You mean after all I have done; you still will help me?"
"Yes, Les I am a Professor and that is what I do instruct my students as I did you when I had you in High School.
Les continued he unbuttoned her skirt helped her off with it put it with her blouse, and blazer. He didn't know what to remove next. Bra or panties from Emily.
Emily Helped she turned. "Can you unhook my bra for me?" Emily asked. "We really need BR-101 Class" Emily Thought as Les fumbled with the bra catches.
He finally got the combination to unhook the garment. Emily removed it, gave the intimate garment to Les to store. He went to remove her panties.
Emily Stopped him and walked to the exam couch. "Stop here and I will show you how I like a man to caress my upper body." Emily rubbed her breasts. "This is what I like a man to do." She showed him three or four times. "Your turn." She stated and put her hands in back of her on the couch.
In his enthusiasm he started to maul her breast. Les twisted her nipples.
"Ouch, that hurts, be gentle like this. Give me your hand. Light touch." She said as she put her hands over his and proceeded to show him how she likes to be caressed. Emily had him practice how to rub by her belly button and rub her back. She had him kiss and nibble on her ear as she likes. All in all, she was in the first stages of arouse when she said. "That is enough." She halted his ministrations of her body.
"Are we done we still have forty-five minutes." Les stated disappointed.
"No, we are not done you need to help me remove my panties to continue." Emily stated, with a smile.
He stepped up onto the stool in front of the table. Emily raised her bottom up and Les slid her panties down. As soon as her panties passed below the juncture of her legs, he received the heavenly scent of an excited female. He did not realize what has made his pussy meter rise, in case you didn't know what a pussy meter was it was his pecker. He expanded so much he had hardly enough skin left to close his eyes. Les took the Professor's panties, he looked at them and noticed they were damp in the crotch, and put them with her other garments.
Emily saw him look at her panties so she said. "In case you didn't notice I am excited to help you as indicated by the wet spot at the gusset of my panties." She laughed then said. "Help me put my feet in the stirrups Les." Emily asked for his assistance, so he has a close up view of her pussy.
He gladly helped Emily with her feet. He set each foot in the stirrup and spread her feet while he stood between them.
"Les I want you to put your finger just inside my vagina at the top there is a little pea you will feel rub it lightly."
Les put is finger in her pussy ran it around. "Oh, Professor you are very wet. Is this the way I should pleasure a woman?" He asked as he continue his journey of discovery with is fingers. "Is this your clit?" Les asked as he touched a hard pea at the top of her slit.
"Oh yes!" Emily moaned. "Rub your fingers in circles. Oh-OH
yesssssssssssssssssssss!" Emily came! When she recovered from her orgasm she said in a contented whisper. "Come over here to the side of the couch. I want to continue your instruction."
Les did as asked. "Did you like that Professor?" He asked proud of himself, but he wanted to hear praise from his instructor.
"You did a wonderful job Les, but please call me Emily. I think we know each other well enough by now to dispense with the formalities." Emily gave a contented laugh. "Now you did such a good job I want to give you something special that is not in the curriculum. This will be just between us Emily said as she unbuckled Les' belt, opened his pants, and let them fall to his knees. Emily had a difficult time to expose his impressive weapon as he became entangled in his shorts, he was so hard. "Wow Les do you have a woman pleaser there." Emily stated as she started to stroke him. "You could make some lady very happy if you learn how to use your exceptional talents properly."
"Ooooooohhhhhhhh thank you E-Emily." Les said as he blew his load all over Emily's belly within a minute of her commencement of the hand job.
"Now that we got that out of the way Les we will continue after your recover." Emily said as she retrieved some tissues', from the accessory table beside her that she had the forethought to place there for any eventuality as this.
"Should I just remove my pants?" Les asked hopefully.
"No, I don't think that would be wise Les. I want you to stand back up on the stool and with that weapon that is starting to raise again. You will be too close to my lady lips and we could have an accidental insertion and I will not be able to control myself if that happens." She laughed. "I want you to use your finger to find the rough area inside my vagina with your finger."
Les inserted his finger in Emily's pussy and after a few directions from his instructor he found the area where her G-spot was and rubbed it.
Emily looked at the clock it was almost ten minutes of Three. "Ooooohhhhhh! Les we have to stop." She lamented.
Les stopped and reluctantly stepped off the stool. There was a knock on the door.
"Mom can I come in?"
"Come on in Dean Steele." Emily stated proudly still in her exposed position.
"Looks like I came here just in time, the next class will be here momentarily, Mom."
"Les be a sweetheart lock the door and help clean up here please. Frank can you help me dress?"
"Mom let Les help you dress I will clean up?" Frank said as he pushed the exam table to the side brought the desk to the center of the raised platform and moved the accessory table to the side and cleaned it.
Emily went to her clothes and Les happily followed. She put her hand on her assistant for balance as she donned her panties and her skirt. "Could you hook my bra please." Les fumbled with her bra hooks, but finally got the combination. He helped her on with her blouse and blazer.
"Thank you very much for your time Professor." Les said as he kissed the back of her hand as an English gentleman would.
They had two minutes to spare when the trio walked out of the classroom. "Nice orientation Professor Steele." Frank said.
"Your welcome Dean Steele and thank you for you time to pose as the student Mr. Smidt." Emily stated, with a smile.
The group of students along with the professor looked at the trio confused as they entered the lab classroom as it smells distinctly erotic to the students and they heard all the movement of furniture in the room while they waited to enter.
"Les would you like to come to our house for dinner tonight if your not busy?" Frank asked.
"Sure, if it is okay with the Prof... I mean your mother."
"That is a good Idea Frankie that is why you're the Dean."
The Steele's entered their vehicle and Les followed them. Frank called Lesley.
"Hi my love!" Lesley answered when she saw Franks number on her cell.
"Hi dear, you said Ashley is back in town."
"Yes, she is why? Are you thinking of something kinky?" Lesley laughed.
"Calm down Lesley mom can hear you and will think ill of you!" They all laughed. "No nothing kinky I was just thinking of introducing her to Les Smidt we invited him over for dinner, so make sure we have enough for both if you can get her to come over our house."
"Great she is alone and single I think that would be a good match." Lesley answered enthusiastically.
"He has one impressive woman pleaser between his legs. He just needs some instruction how to use it. Oh Lesley I think we will have to have something other than our birthday suits on today we don't want to scare out guests away tonight." Emily stated to the kid's surprise.
"I got it mom, but I think Ashley could give him instructions I believe." Lesley giggled.
All the conversation on the drive home centered around the college for the two academics. It was great to have something in common with your children Emily thought.
They arrived home, to find a strange car in the drive.
"Looks like Lesley contacted of Ashley, Mom." Frank stated because he knows her car.
"You have to watch out for that girl she is a fast worker." Said Emily thoughtfully about her future daughter-in-law.
"That she is Mom, that she is." Frank said as he remembered the first time they met with admiration and he continued. "Mom the first day I saw Lesley in the hall there was like a halo around her as she walked passed me, smiled and said hello shyly. Can you believe that Mom she was shy! It took me two weeks to get the nerve up to ask her out." He reminisced.
"Aaawww, that is such a nice story I never knew that." Emily stated near tears.
Frank pulled in the garage, Les parked in back of him.
"Les I took the liberty to have Lesley call a friend of ours who just moved back here to join us. I hope you don't mind?"
"No-no I guess it would be okay, I appreciate the invitation." Les stated disappointed he thought he would see the ladies naked tonight, but with a new person at the Steele's residence he didn't think it would happen.
The trio walked into the house. Lesley was in the kitchen she worked at the counter with another young lady to prepare the evening meal.
"Hi Mom and Les I would like you to me our friend Ashley Willis, she was my roomie all through college and moved in with us when we rented an apartment. Ashley Willis I would like you to meet. Ellis Smidt he is the grantor for the endowment for Mom's college." Lesley introduced the young woman who was in a Pink nightie with panties. Lesley was in a yellow negligee with panties.
Both of the outfits were translucent and in the proper light they turned transparent Les when he saw the two images of beauty was happy he accepted the invitation.
"Nice to meet you mom I heard a lot about you and your husband from Frank." Ashley said as she shook Emily's hand. "Mr. Smidt it is a pleasure to meet you." Ashley stated as she held out her hand.
Les took the young ladies' hand and kissed the back of it as he did Emily's a while ago. "It is a pleasure to meet a lovely lady such as you Miss. Willis." He then looked at Ashley. "I hope it is Miss Willis?" He stated hopefully.
"Yes, it is Miss Willis." Ashley looked at the group embarrassed. "I was engaged but my Fiancé's liked boys better." She explained.
"That is Won... I mean sorry to hear that." Les turned red at his slip of the tongue. As he tried to hide his exuberance.
"One man's lose, is another's gain!" Lesley stated, with a laugh as all joined in the levity.
"I am out there by the hot grill working my fingers to the bone and everyone is having fun in here." Craig stated in mock anger. "I just put the steaks on, when will the veg's done Lesley?"
"By the time the steaks are ready." She replied and continued. "Mom you're overdressed I laid out a dinner outfit for you similar to ours."
Lesley laid out a black negligée, it came to below the knee with a pair of crotchless panties. "I wonder if the imp and her friend also have crotchless panties on?" The older woman thought as she dressed to impress. The two younger ladies had sandals on, Emily decided on black heels for her feet. She looked in the full-length mirror. "For an old girl you look outstanding." She decided.
When Emily entered the room all conversation halted, everyone looked at the vision of mature beauty as she entered the room.
"Wow mom you clean up great!" Lesley the imp stated, with a smile. The rest of the group agreed.
The troop went out to the patio, Ashley and Les sat side by side. Emily and Lesley sat together with the men on each side. That is when Frank or Craig didn't tend the grill.
"So Les, how have you been? That is very nice of you to donate to the college endowment. Emily said as the imp in her took over and slowly relaxed her legs to reveal her lady lips as she has on crotchless panties.
Les listened to Emily and his eyes became like saucers when he noted her pussy became visible. The poor guy popped a boner and in front of his new friend. He became embarrassed and tried to covertly move his member to be less conspicuous, but he failed miserably.
Ashley on her part took a sideways glance at the rise in her new friend's pants. She said to Lesley, "Can you show me where the bathroom is?"
Lesley arose and Emily with them, both women went with Ashley. The trio entered the bathroom.
"Oh my gad, did you see the tent in Les' pants! Ashley stated.
"I have firsthand knowledge how large his bat is." Emily admitted and then laughed.
"Mo-aaaam! Give, what are you saying?" Lesley asked enthusiastically.
Emily explained to Ashley the course she teaches and about today how she tutored Les. Emily knew he had a big bat from the times she was required to be nude and he became excited.
"Well should we tease the men tonight?" Lesley asked with delight.
"Ashley I just met you but, if you are so inclined could you help Les with his shyness toward women, as an instructor of course." Emily stated, with a wink.
"Of course, mom I would love to be his instructor. He is cute!" Ashley stated with joy.
"Then the tease is on right ladies!" Emily stated which surprised Lesley. She was one upped by her future mother-in-law.
Meanwhile because it took so long for the women to come back. Craig said to the others. "I have a feeling we will have a noteworthy performance by the ladies from here on."
Frank agreed.
"What are you guys talking about!" Les said confused.
"You will see!" Frank stated.
While we wait for the games to begin, I think we should give you some information about Mr. Ellis Smidt. He stands about five foot eight, if he does some physical training, he will be buff. He was a cute guy weights in at one hundred and eighty pounds. With brown hair and brown eyes.
We will give a brief description of Ashley. She is five foot five, thirty-two, twenty-two, thirty-four. She is a physical fitness instructor who applied for a position as girls gym coach in the school Lesley will teach at. She has red hair and very light skin with green eyes.
Frank and Craig were busy as they prepared the meal. The women descended on Les. "Tell me a little about yourself Les." Ashley asked as she sat on his lap.
"I work in the IT industry as a programmer." He stated as he took Emily's advice to not tell a woman he just meets he is rich. He also is not a showoff he has a two-year-old Nissan Rogue. He lives in a house in a nice middle-class neighborhood. The same house he bought when he first started his business in his garage. He is very humble, so it is unimaginable how he became involved in the devious plan to debase Professor Steele.
The troop sat down at the table for dinner. As Les started to eat, Ashley clandestinely put her hand on his member as she ate.
"Oh, my ah-ah!" Les gasped when he felt a hand on his pecker. This is something this young man is not accustomed to a woman who makes advances on him. In his experience they usually run away from him.
"Did you say something Les?" Emily asked.
"Ah, no!" He stated embarrassed.
"I feel this is a nice meal." Ashley stated as she rubbed his pecker.
"Ooohhh, this is a great meal" Les stated to cover the pleasure he received from Ashley's hand as it rested on his manhood.
The crew sat out on the patio and conversed it was light fun conversations the ladies gave all the men "accidental" glimpses of their goodies throughout their conversation. At ten Ashley and Left with Les' promise to call on Ashley again.
Emily and Lesley were ecstatic by their matchmaker skills. The group congregated on the bed in the master bedroom. It became clear when the two women stripped that there was going to be a double bang tonight in the same bed.
"See if you can get mom off before I get Lesley off dad." Frank said as he dove at his fiancée' box. He sucked her clit into his mouth and pumped four fingers into her box.
"Aaaaaahhhhhh." Was all that came out of the younger woman's mouth as she raised her bottom to get as much of his hand that she could in her honey pot.
Not to be outdone by his son, Craig dove right in and started to lick-it-de-slit and used his finger to strum his wife's G-spot, which he learned she likes from many years of practice.
Craig who knows what Emily likes brought her off only a few seconds before Lesley. It was a photo finish with no camera. The screams of women in orgasm could probably be heard on the next block.
The men rolled onto their backs the women in the center of the bed and the men on the outside. They let their ladies enjoy their orgasm. Lesley was the first to regain consciousness.
"I bet I can get your son off before you can get dad off. The loser has to pose for an erotic photo shoot in Burlington in the public park." Lesley stated.
"That sounds like a winner to me." Craig stated.
This is the first time Frank has seen his mother go down on his father, until recently he didn't think of his mother as a sexual being, just mom. Now he has to come to grips with the reality that his mother is a fox and a MILF. He looked over at his mother, he could see her pussy as it gapped still swollen from her last orgasm. He watched as she deep throated dad. "Wow, she is good!" He thought as he could feel the sperm boil up. "AaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaHhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh" Frank grunted as he came in his future wife's mouth, she took all he offered without any spillage.
Even though it wasn't a fair bet as Craig is a master of control, as he warded off his orgasm until Frank came. Craig looked over at his future daughter in law he could see her pussy, it looked different than his wife's the lips tighter although they gapped a little from her orgasm. Her slit was long and her clit large. Lesley's brown star looks kissable he thought, when he heard his son's groan of orgasm.
His orgasm took him by surprise as he fantasized about Lesley. "Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmyyyyyyyyyyyyyy llllllllllooooorrrrrrddddd yoouuu are an outtttttttttt standing hummer queen!" Craig praised his wife loudly.
Emily sucked her husbands come out of his pecker. She didn't spill any of the precious offering either.
"Well mom I won!" Lesley gloated playfully.
"This matchup wasn't fair your father-in-law is a master of withholding a come. He has had a lot of practice."
"Does that mean you're not going to accept the forfeit?" Lesley stated in mock anger.
"I didn't say that I just said it wasn't fair." Emily giggled.
As you make have guessed it was well after dark when playtime was over both couples sated even though they didn't enjoy full penetration.
Lesley and Frank retired to their room to shower. Emily and Craig showered together. Dried off and both couples fell into their respective beds nude and cuddled in sleep.
Thursday: The last class of FEH-101 the final is today. Emily performed the usual morning ritual on a day she will teach the sex-ed class. She came out to breakfast nude. Sat down next to Frank he was ready to go to the college.
"Lesley would you like to help with the last class today as there is a lot to get through in an hour? I will see if the Dean would be willing to pay you?" Emily laughed. "As the Dean I think you should be present also Frank." She continued.
"I don't know I am too busy to come see my mother nude, spread in a classroom and manually pleasured along with the President's wife. I would probably be bored out of my mind!" He stated as if he was too important to take the time to see the final hands-on demonstration. And then laughed "Sure mom I would love to see the demonstration Sam and you will put on. Oh, mom can I get a ride in with you so Lesley will have a car here?"
"Sure, anything for the Dean! But don't think I am a brown nose!" She laughed.
After breakfast Emily dressed per usual for Thursday, she put on minimal makeup, grabbed her purse, and went out into the kitchen. See all of you at noontime as she kissed her husband goodbye. Frank followed his mother out to the car, and he drove.
"Finally, the last day she will have to be exposed, she likes it, but it is degrading in some respects. Now she passes the baton to Sam, she can take over." Emily thought as she was driven to work. "Boy am I lucky I have the Dean as my chauffeur." She thought how proud she was of her son and smiled.
"Mom your very quiet! Are you sad the course is over?" Frank asked.
"No Frankie I am glad it is over. I liked the exposure, but it was also degrading sometimes when they made me walk around nude. What was even worse was that I liked it." Emily stated and was embarrassed to admit it. They conversed about her revelation for the remainder of the trip, to try to find a way forward. She wants to enjoy her newfound freedom to be nude and she doesn't want guilt to stifle her joy. "Frank, I want to thank you for sharing with us your joy of nudism it was a wonderful experience which we will continue."
Emily and Frankie walked into the college a half hour earlier than usual to be met by Miles.
"I have two large packages for you they are folding exam chairs. I will have maintenance set them up for you by the one PM class. Can I be present today for the final?"
"Miles you will always have to be present when your wife is teaching at all her classes unless you appoint someone else to be there. In fact, today is all hands-on deck as today we only have about fifty minutes so all the students can have their hands-on test of FEH 101. Lesley and Frank will be needed also. Wait a minute you have two exam chairs?"
"Yes, I thought it would be better next year to have two folding chairs and put the exam couch back in the clinic where we took it out of, so we have two exam rooms there if needed."
"Don't move the exam couch out today though okay we may need it." Emily stated mysteriously.
"Mom what are you thinking?" Frank asked as they left the classroom.
"I was thinking of asking Lesley if she wants to instruct today for the finals it will give the young men three women to gage the differences and what pleases them sexually. What do you think?"
"I am on board as long as she gets paid. I know she will do it." Frank stated.
Emily called Les. When he answered she said? "You're going to be at the class at one o'clock right?"
"Of course, I am looking forward to it." Les stated.
"I have a favor to ask, I have another instructor for the day could you pay her for her time?" Emily asked humbly.
"Emily of course I will make sure she gets paid. I will call Miles right now to let him know. I want to thank you for the introduction to Miss. Willis. We have a lot in common and I am taking her out tonight. I want to thank you for helping me to overcome my shyness with women also." Les stated sincerely.
Emily and Frank parted ways. The Professor went to her classes and Frank went to his office to put out fires started by the dismissal of the former Dean. Emily's classes were a joy, it was eleven thirty in short order she headed to the lunch she had a test for the last class. The students finished and left the class early. Emily had a spring in her step when she entered the cafeteria to meet the troop.
Samantha did not look as stressed today she smiled at Emily and said hello.
Lesley as always was as happy as a lark. "Hi mom I bet you're sorry today is the last class of FEH-101."
"Yes I am." The Professor stated for Sam's benefit.
"I wish I could help out today with the testing?" Lesley stated gayly.
"Did you talk to Frank this morning?"
"No why?" Lesley asked.
"Because if you like we have an extra exam chair you can take, and we can work with four at a time and they can go to all of us so they can see the different preferences the three of us have." Emily explained to the two women.
Craig, Frank, and Miles brought the meals to the ladies along with Les all sat and ate as they discussed the final among themselves.
"We need to get ready mom." Lesley stated excited about this new development. Good thing she had the foresight to put on a button front dress.
"I will meet you in the classroom Professor." Les said.
"You will do no such thing you come to the change room with us we will need your help to get ready." Emily said as she winked at her daughter in law and Sam.
The group marched to the change room there were too many in attendance, so the door had to be left open. They had a half hour to spare.
"I would like to ask all the men in attendance if it would be alright if we give Les a class in BR-101." Emily asked as all will remember that designation is for Bra Removal 101.
No one voiced any objection. "Mile would you like to give the demonstration or should we let Craig." Emily stated as she removed her dress and handed it to Craig. The other women followed her and handed their garments to their partner.
"I would like to put on the demonstration." Miles stated as he put his wife's dress over a chair. His wife turned her back to him and he did the two-finger pop of the hooks while he explained the procedure. He hooked the bra and did it again. "Do you want to try it now?" Miles asked Les.
It took him a couple of tries but he got it. Sam took off her bra and gave it to her husband, He helped her with her panties. He balanced her. She remained nude with the door open anyone could see her if they cared. Sam has become accustomed with her public nudity.
"My bra has a little different catch try mine." Emily stated as she turned her back to Les. It only took him one time, to pop the hook. He hooked it a few more times and every time he did the unhook of the bra the first try.
Lesley turned her back to Les. "You can pop my bra catches if you want to, but I don't have one on." Everyone laughed.
The ladies put on their garments, secured them for a semblance of modesty and headed to the classroom. The group set up for the final, each station had a table on casters with KY, Tissues, and lotions. The students entered and had big smiles on their faces. There was three women who by the looks of their outfits will be their instructors.
The last student entered. Craig closed the door and locked it.
"We a have lot to cover today... Or should I say discover!" All laughed at Emily's play on words." As you can see there are three women here today who have distinctly different ways they enjoy being pleasured. We will break up into three groups of four each. Your assignment is to discover how each woman likes to be pleasured." Emily continued as she removed her dress and gave to Craig. "No one will be rough with the ladies, take advantage or you will receive a 'F' for the class. Ask permission before you touch any of the ladies.. Mr. Lowe, Mr. Steele, and Dean Steele will be monitors if you see anything that is inappropriate call it out or if any student needs assistance help them. Mr. Smidt if you like you can join a group as there are only Eleven students for the finals today.
"I would appreciate that Professor Steele. Thank you." Les said as he joined the group which was shy a member.
All the women by this time were nude and walked to the stations where their partner was, with the exception of Les Joined the group which had only three members.
Miles stated. "You will have fifteen minutes at each station. You will question and perform manually what you consider the lady likes and mark it down on your paper. You will have two minutes to make notes between and at the end. Any questions?" None were raised. "You may begin." Miles called out.
Emily laid prone and the students discussed what they did at previous sessions she liked. "My I touch your breasts?"
"Yes, Said Emily.
"Do you like me to pull on your nipples?" They asked.
"No, I like you to rub my nipples and suck on them." Emily stated.
"Are we allowed to do this?" The students asked.
"I think it should be noted but not done." Dean Steele advised.
"Could we rub you here?" A student asked as he put his hand just above her pubic hair and indicated he wanted to rub back and forth from hip to hip.
"Yes, go ahead." Emily said.
The student started to rub the Professor.
"You're doing that to roughly, use softer strokes." Craig corrected and marked his paper.
The student used softer strokes and it elicited a moan from Emily and she spread her legs wider.
Another student took over as they documented what the found out to this point.
"Can I rub your, shoulders and your ears?" The student asked.
"Yes." Emily stated. The student rubbed her shoulders. "That feels good she moaned." When he rubbed her ears, she said. "I don't like that."
Another student took over and rubbed her stomach at the line of her pubic hair and her moans became more urgent and she spread her legs further apart.
"I think it is about time to put the Professors feet in the stirrups and proceed to her legs." Craig advised which the students gladly did.
"Can we massage' your legs now?" a student asked.
"Yesssssss," Emily moaned.
A student on each leg massaged them from her feet to the juncture of her legs the back of each student's hand came in contact with her wet pussy. It left a wet spot on the back of their hands. Each of the four took turns. It was now clear the Professor was excited because of her delicious scent emitted from her box.
The students stood to the side of the Professor as they know her ability to squirt her orgasm. As they rubbed her legs she slid back and forth in a motion which resembled intercourse. She spread wider her scent became stronger.
"Could we insert our fingers in your vagina." The students asked the Professor hopefully.
Emily couldn't answer so Craig told them "Yes just be careful not to injure her."
One student carefully inserted his finger and found her g-spot she moaned another found her clit and she pushed on his hand.
"Time to switch stations." Miles said.
The three women moaned in disappointment. The two minutes the students had to make notes cooled down the instructors. The women looked around, they gave each other a thumbs up and smiled all the men had uncomfortable boners.
"Go clockwise to the next station and start." Miles stated.
Samantha was in an exam chair. The first student said. "Would you like me to massage' your ears and to rub your shoulders and may I."
"Yes, you may" Sam said.
One student rubbed her ears, and another gave her a shoulder rub.
Miles could see by Sam's expression that the shoulder rub was too rough. "Rub her shoulders lovingly not as if your trying to remove them from her body." The student was told, and Miles marked down on his paper.
"May I rub your breast?" A student asked.
"Yes, pull on my nipples and twist them I like that." Sam said to her husband's surprise.
See you learn something every day!
The student twisted and pulled on Sam's Nipples and the familiar scent of excited pussy was more pronounced. Although different from the other women it still intoxicated the individual who encounters the scent.
"It is time to put Sam's feet in the stirrups." Miles stated as he watched his wife become completely spread in front of him.
Two students helped her put her feet in the stirrups, as the other student continued to pull on her nipples she started to slide back and forth in the motion of intercourse. Her excitement ran down her crack to the floor.
"Do you want me to rub you stomach at your pubic hair?" A student asked.
"Nnnnooo! Massage my legs." Sam stated in a moan.
The students marked their papers and started to massage Sam's legs. They took turns, they rubbed from her feet to her crotch and all received a super wet back of their hand from an immensely excited woman. She dripped down to the floor and the heavenly scent of excited female was extremely noticeable.
"May I touch your vagina." A student asked.
"Yes, you may." Miles answered for his wife as she was almost on the edge. He was excited to watch a young man insert his fingers in her box.
He started to rub her g-spot.
"Jamb your fingers in me please!" Sam cried.
The student did as she asked, and Sam pushed against his fingers to get his whole hand in her. While another student found her clit and started to strum it.
"Time to switch." Miles stated "You have two minutes for notes."
The women moaned very loud and in unison when time was called.
"I was almost there!" Lamented Emily.
"Just two more minutes I would have exploded!" Sam cried.
"Hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! One more stroke and I would have orgasmed." Lesley screamed frustrated.
"This was the last fifteen minutes all go to the next station. Start now."
Lesley. "May I touch your ears and rub your shoulders."
Lesley stated urgently. "I will tell you what I like, My shoulders rubbed and my tummy rubbed, my legs massaged, shove your fingers in my pussy, play with my clit and stick your fingers in my butt. I also liked to have my pussy sucked on until my head caves in. But only by Frank. Now you know what I like make me come before I go postal!"
The students put Lesley's feet in the stirrups and proceeded as asked.
All the women were agreement they needed to cum! Which the students graciously helped bring them off. The last session lasted ten minutes.
Lesley was the first to go off with a scream she laid spread and comatose for a few minutes.
Emily was next after they helped her into the stirrups, they proceeded to pleasure her body with eight hands. She squirted all over the floor. She screamed her orgasm and went unconscious for a few moments.
Samantha was the last to go off one of the young men had most of his hand in her box to the surprise of her husband. She had four sets of hands work her body to orgasm. She screamed the longest and loudest of the group.
The women were helped off their couches and helped to dress.
Emily addressed all there. "Ladies what do you think? All the students should receive an "A" for effort?"
It was a unanimous vote of. "Yes to an 'A' for all the students and Les!" By all he instructors and Monitors.
The ladies limped back to the change room with odd looks from anyone who saw them in the hall. They took turns to shower and then dressed but forgot their undergarments.
Les put three envelopes on the desk with a check for each man. Thank you for your help.
"I get paid also!" Lesley asked as she excitedly jumped up and down. "I had fun I would have done that for nothing, but I have a wedding coming up."
The group all went to the Nudist camp at monthly intervals in summer and they gathered monthly at one of the members houses or at a meeting room at a restaurant. We will have more about CI-101 if the administration adopts that curriculum.
Plans are being made for the wedding. Frank likes his job at the college. Emily sometimes works with Samantha to instruct FEH -101. She likes to be seen nude. Les and Ashley have moved in together with wedding plans in the making. Lesley loves her job at the high school. She still is an imp. Graham and Mindy have joined the nudist camp. Darrel and Sheila have joined the nudist camp They all meet once a month together.
We will keep you posted.
As that old saying goes "All's well that ends in the well!" Wait a minute that's not right! It is "All's well that ends well." There now I got it.
THE END!
All rights reserved 2021 to 2031