Trigger Warning: brief mention of suicide. All characters are 18+ years old
note: all chapters have been updated! nothing critical, but hopefully little fixes here and there that make everything flow better.
-Aed-
"Breathe slow, still your minds. Break even one, and you start all over."
I feel sweat dripping down my temples, beading on the ends of my lashes. I blink hard and fast to send the drops flying, not daring to move another muscle. All around me, I can hear the other trainees struggling, cursing and shifting their weight where they can, breathing loudly. But not me. I refuse to be anything but perfectly still.
It's the third year of our journey towards Mentorship, and already the class has diminished by half. Next year, it's projected only a handful of us will be left. I plan to be a part of that handful. That, or die trying.
"Focus," I whisper to myself through clenched teeth. "Succeed."
I can feel our Head Mentor's eyes on me. She's been circling around us, judging our stances, testing us on our concentration. Every few minutes, she shouts one of our names and waits for the proper, composed response, or smacks someone's elbow back into position with her training stick. From experience alone, I know that it stings like hell.
Smack. A plate drops, smashing into pieces as it hits the floor. There's a gasp of frustration behind me as one of my classmates is forced to sweep up the shards and start anew.
"Novice Aedin!" Mentor Orla suddenly snaps, pivoting to face me. "What is our purpose?"
A tremor runs through my right arm in anticipation, but there is no slap of cane against flesh. My stance is sound, my concentration adamantine.
"Head Mentor Orla, our purpose is to serve the Council, shepherd the lost, and pursue Enlightenment until our very last breath." I don't even blink as I recite our core principles.
"Excellent," she says. I can hear the faintest of smiles in her voice. "It's heartening to know at least one of you might have what it takes."
My pulse quickens. I can practically feel the air around me congeal with jealousy and resentment. But that's the price of being first place: a constant, painted target on your back. Worst of all, Orla intentionally drives up the competition. She knows that I strive to be the best and this is her way of ensuring I succeed, all the while motivating everyone around me through pure spite.
Our Head Mentor moves away to begin another round of inspections, pausing only to shout a name or whack a limb. The training hall is otherwise deadly silent, its walls a sober grey and the floor just a shade darker. Everything is made of concrete, from the pillars to the ceiling, and the handful of windows are thin and covered with black, iron grates. Much of the Academy is built this way, more like a fortress or cathedral of enlightenment than an institution of learning. It doesn't boast any sense of warmth or hospitality. Then again, none of us are here to be comfortable.
We're here to excel.
When Mentor Orla finishes her circuit and stops in front of me a second time, she does something unexpected. She brushes the hair out of my eyes and runs her fingers along my cheek. The sudden, tender gesture shocks me, but through sheer force of will, my training holds.
I risk meeting her probing, ice blue gaze, and I immediately regret it. There's something heated in the way her eyes burrow into mine. Something keen, and primal. I don't know whether to feel pleased or disturbed.
"Add a plate," she orders, releasing me.
One of the Junior Mentors obliges, stacking a second plate on each of my aching arms. I grit my teeth but refrain from complaining.
"Good," Orla says. "You might make a proper Mentor yet."
A suggestiveness lurks in her tone, but I write it off as my imagination. The adrenaline must be affecting my judgment. We've been taught all the ways our perception and morality can be swayed, reminded constantly that we are not infallible, only striving to be.
This excruciating exercise goes on for an hour, though it feels like centuries for us novices. Dozens of plates break and are replaced. Several times I nearly join the ranks of failing students, but am able to adjust myself right before a muscle spasm or limb gives way. The exercise is more terrifying than it has any right to be, but I persist. I keep pushing myself, refusing to give in to the fire of pain pulsating through my arms, legs, and body.
By the time Orla announces our training session has ended, I can no longer hear her. My mind knows only the unbearable weight of plates and white, hot pain. Several of my peers stare at me with concern, but the other Mentors shoo them out the doors. It isn't until they're gone that an order is given to remove my burdens.
I register none of it. I am pain incarnate at this point.
Breathe, I whisper in my mind,in, out, in, out. Through the haze of agony, I can hear my heart pumping wildly as my desperation grows and muscles begin to fail.
As soon as the weight on my arms is lifted, I collapse, falling to my hands and knees. My limbs are shaking. With growing dread, I realize I can't move.
"Go on to your next classes," I hear Orla command, "I'll take care of this one."
The Junior Mentors make their way out of the training halls, leaving me to my shame. I've worked so hard, only to fail in the end. How many times have we been told not to push ourselves too far? That a broken Mentor is a useless Mentor?
I look at my arms and legs, noting the way my muscles are spasming. It takes all of my strength just to hold myself up. I'm convinced in that moment that I won't be a part of next year's class, if I ever train again at all. We've had it drilled into our heads that Mentorship is never one individual, but the cohesive sum of many parts. And here I am proving that I am not worthy. That I am willing to drive myself past my limits just for ambition alone.
"Can you move?" Orla asks, looming over me.
I try to nod my head, lift an arm, anything, but my body won't obey. Instead, I manage to croak out a reluctant, defeated, "No."
Without uttering another word, Orla grabs me by the arms and hoists me over her shoulders. I imagine my body would be screaming in protest if it wasn't already so abused. Helpless, I have no choice but to be hauled around like freshly hunted game.
It's jarring to realize just how strong Orla is. I am by no means a small man, being comfortably over six feet and having trained nearly my entire life to be in peak, physical shape. But she's carrying me as if I weigh no more than a bag of dirty uniforms on laundry day. I guess I shouldn't be surprised. She's a full fledged Mentor for good reason, her shoulders having borne not just the physical weight of mentorship, but its emotional toll as well. I try my best not to think about how my nose is grazing the small of her waist and my arms occasionally brushing against her well formed backside. She's smaller than me, but by no means any less cut.
Once in a while, I make a noise like a dying fish as we round a corner or go down a flight of stairs. Orla doesn't seem to mind, and I don't know why I should either. I've already hit what I assume to be rock bottom. Nothing can be more humiliating than this.
Oh, how I couldn't have been more wrong.
At some point, I realize we're in the showers. Her footsteps echo off the walls and the air is warmer, steamier. I feel my body go hot then cold, praying to all the known gods that she doesn't strip me like some helpless babe.
It seems my prayers are answered, albeit in the cruelest way possible. Orla has brought us into the ice room, where rows of concavities filled with frozen pebbles line the floor. A waft of chill air brushes past as we enter. Without warning or ceremony, she stops in front of the first rock pool, leans forward, and throws me in. I curse violently as the cold shocks me. Sensing my presence, the tub automatically begins to emit vapors of liquid nitrogen, maintaining the pebbles' temperatures against my body heat.
"Hush, the ice will help your inflamed muscles," she explains, her tone calm and clinical. "Let your body recover."
I know this already, but the reminder helps me relax a little. No matter how many times I experience it, I'm never fully prepared for being dunked in cryotherapy. I don't think anyone can be. Usually, I have at least enough mobility to ease myself in. Being thrown ass first is a new experience for me.
We sit in silence for the entire duration, Orla counting down the minutes on her watch while I observe myself slowly but surely losing all feeling in my limbs. I'm grateful, as always, that the pebbles are perfectly smooth, unable to break skin even with the force of my impact. Our breaths become puffs of clouds amidst the blue and white tiles of the room, mingling with the swirls of nitrogen mist. When the full ten minutes are up, she reaches in and drags me out. A little movement has returned, but my skin is numb and I might as well weigh a thousand pounds.
Orla looks at me, eyes pensive, and I brace myself for the worst.
She sighs. "I'm sorry, Aed."
I blink at her, blank faced. I'm not quite registering the words coming out of her mouth.
"It's my job to prepare you all for the realities of being a Mentor. To be strong both outside and within, to be able to take everything this reality will throw at you."
She has me propped up on one of the recovery chaises. The damp, black fabric of my sparring uniform is already beginning to dry, thanks to the chaise's heated cushions. Warmth slowly returns to my limbs, but I know that the less I move now, the less I'll regret it later. So I just sit there in silence, not quite believing that Orla is choosing now of all times to have a heart to heart with me. To be human. I've known her ever since I was accepted into the Academy. Of course it would be in my last year that I finally get a glimpse of who she really is underneath her icy facade of dictatorship.
"But even I sometimes fail to remember that we are still people, in the end." She's seated at the edge of the chaise and covering one of my hands with hers, the paleness of her skin a sharp contrast to the nut brown of mine. I stop myself from flinching in surprise. Her hand is extra warm after my ice bath, the heat almost scalding against my chilled fingers.
She's looking at me with such sorrowful compassion that I feel myself flush. I'm not used to this display of vulnerability, especially not from a superior. I feel a stab of panic when I realize how isolated we are. How powerless I am should she decide to do...something.
Her fingers are squeezing mine now, blue eyes staring straight into my soul. I swallow nervously.
"I know it's a little premature for me to have this talk with you now," Orla continues. I don't know if it's just my paranoia, but I swear she's somehow gotten closer. "You bear so much promise, and yet you push yourself far too hard because of it. For every show of steel amongst Mentors, there needs to be an equal display of gentleness elsewhere. There must be balance."
I'm not grasping what she means. The confusion on my face must be obvious, because she opts to just show me instead.
She brushes some wet hair from my forehead and caresses my cheek. Her touch is light and soft, and the kindness behind it makes me shudder against my will. A pent up breath rattles out of my chest. I hadn't even realized I'd been holding it, limiting my own oxygen for gods know how long.
And then she kisses me. Just on one side of my face, but her kisses are slow and warm, lingering one after another as they trail downward. She stops once she reaches my jaw.
My heart feels like it's about to pound out of my chest. I don't know why this is happening, but I do know that it is so explicitly forbidden that we could both lose our entire futures in the blink of an eye. All it would take is one unlucky person to walk in right now.
And yet, I don't want her to stop.
What Iamdoing is begging all the gods in the universe to keep Orla from looking down. But of course, they don't answer, because they're not real.
Noting the rigidness of my posture, Orla's gaze flickers downward. She hums a note of appreciation as she takes in how hard I am beneath the fabric of my training shorts. Mischief twinkling in her eyes—as well as a spark of arousal that I try my very best not to notice—she dips closer to whisper in my ear.
"So our perfect Aedin is human after all."
I am wholly unprepared for what happens next.
Her hand has left my face and is now brushing against my aching arousal. I am almost completely thawed at this point, my breathing growing labored as she toys with me, sliding her fingers along the shape of my hardness.
"Mentor Orla..." I rasp, unable to hide how utterly turned on she is making me. "This is...this is forbidden. We can't—"
I let out a mortifying sound of pleasure. She has reached into my shorts, grabbing me by my length. Her hand is strong and slightly calloused, but also soft, warm, and the first to touch me this way since I entered Academy life. I've almost forgotten how good it can feel, being pleasured by another. I'm so touch starved that I almost come right then and there.
"Consider it a favor," Orla murmurs huskily, her own lust surfacing. She's strikingly beautiful, her lips pink and glistening as she reassures me. "And don't worry, we're safe."
I'm about to question how exactly she can guarantee that, but then I remember her having dismissed all the other Mentors at the end of the session. Our training was the last martial lesson of the day. No one else would have any reason to be in the ice room.
She bites the bottom of my ear ever so gently. My cock twitches in her hand and my face burns hot with a thousand different emotions.
"Besides," she purrs, "it's for your own good. You need to relax. You'll never properly recover being this tense."
As she says that last word, she tightens her grip and utters a soft little moan. The back of my head hits the wall as noises of pleasure claw their way out of me. She's going to make me come with barely any effort, which will only compound my humiliation.
Orla is panting in tandem with me as she pumps her hand up and down. I'm iron hard at this point. I make helpless sounds of bliss as she strokes away, my eyes half closed and mind lost to the sensation. I've stopped checking the ice room entrance every five seconds. All I can think about is how good the rest of her must feel if her hands are already this skilled.
She's picking up the pace now, intensifying the wet sounds of precum lubricating each stroke. With an expert flick of her wrist, she twists her hand as she jerks, bringing a whole new set of sensations to my throbbing cock.
In a matter of seconds, she has me thrusting uncontrollably. I grunt and moan as I drown in a tidal wave of pleasure, shooting stream after stream of thick, hot cum into the air.
Some of it splashes against her face and ample chest, ruining the uniform black of her sparring top. She surprises me through the haze of ecstasy by using a finger to push some of my cum into her mouth, tasting the salt and musk as if it were frosting on a cake.
I stare at her in complete disbelief. She's sent me to the fifth dimension and back without so much as breaking a sweat, on top of behaving in a way I can only describe as unapologetically lewd. But, as much as I hate to admit it, I do feel infinitely more relaxed.
Smiling, Orla gets up and looks down at me, seemingly unfazed by the splatter of cum across her face and chest and the brazenness of what she has just done. I haven't the energy left to feel embarrassed anymore. I'm still mostly hard, the raw head of my cock peeking through the hem of my sparring shorts.
"Now you owe me," she announces, her smile turning wry. "When you graduate, come find me."
Then she's gone, leaving me in a partially satiated, burning heap.
That same day, my transcript suddenly updates itself with full marks on all my subjects. I don't find out until the following morning, when my name isn't called during attendance and I am sent home in a daze of bewilderment. Nor do I see her again until after I've received my full title and honors as a Mentor.
Later on, Orla confesses to me that she recorded my scores before I even showed up to training. That explains why she went as far as she did in the ice baths. It's a loophole; should we ever get questioned one day, she'll just say that technically I was no longer her student by the time she gave me my first handjob in three years. I'm not sure whether I should be impressed or terrified by her foresight, but for the time being I am merely relieved. I carried the fear of expulsion for weeks. It was fucking awful.
Another year goes by as I learn the ins and outs of Mentor life. I get some flack for graduating early and being the youngest Mentor on board, but soon enough my other classmates join me in rank and I am no longer fresh fish.
Life as a Mentor comes with privileges and prestige, but at a cost. The standards we must meet at all times are sky high, and the weight of responsibility hangs like a heavy stone. I quickly learn all the various ways my colleagues cope, from the smuggling of contraband to the countless, carnal adventures we share with one another. In the beginning, I bristle at all the rule bending, but it doesn't take long for me to ease into it, eventually even enjoying myself.
Outside of maintaining appearances and training new generations of Neonians—for not all Academy students aspire to be Mentors—there is also the occasional combat duty. Though we aren't often called to action, every now and then a handful of us are sent on a mission to resolve a disturbance or quell some unrest at the city's fringes.
And once in a blue, double moon, not all of us make it back.
Because of the sacrifices and risks Mentorship demands, we aren't expected to live very long. All it takes is one major incident at Neon's borders to wipe most of us out. Then the Academy has to start all over again, training new Mentors to take our place.
It's a sobering thought, one we carry with us wherever we go. People outside of the Academy often mistake our ambitions as a pursuit of power and authority. Little do they know that the truth is quite literally the opposite. We live to serve, our lives all but forfeit as soon as we earn our titles. In exchange for our sacrifices, we gain purpose and meaning, and above all else, a true sense of belonging.
I really believe in all of that. I live and breathe every piece of narrative they feed us to preserve our commitment.
Right up until Jezia shows up.
She arrives like some kind of invasive species, disrupting all the carefully laid balance within our academic ecosystem. At first, the dark haired young woman glued to Sebastien's scholarly side seems awestruck more than anything, marveling at our technology and way of life. But it doesn't take long for her to become disenchanted. That's just how things tend to pan out with new Outsiders. The novelty of an alternate dimension can only stay the tides of homesickness for so long. Eventually, they all become bitter and disillusioned, some even resorting to death as a final escape. There's something about being forced overnight to adapt to a completely different reality that tends to cripple most people. Very few are able to assimilate, let alone permanently integrate themselves.
Because let's face it, even if there was some way for them to be sent safely home, the Council would never allow it.
I watch from a distance as Jezia slowly but surely figures this out on her own. Most people don't have the heart to tell her the truth and just let her carry on with her Outsider duties. Working at least gives people a superficial sense of purpose and belonging.
But something about this particular Outsider feels different. She doesn't just accept her fate over time, sinking deeper into depression. Nor does she double down on optimism, burning herself out looking for answers she'll never find. Instead, she milks Mr. Fancypants Lyon for every drop of luxury he's good for, while still doggedly looking for a way home, whilealsogiving everyone who tries to make her life harder a giant 'fuck you.' And somehow, she juggles everything with enough finesse to keep from being kicked out permanently. I know plenty of full-fledged Mentors who would struggle and likely fail in her position. Though I'd never openly admit it, I find myself begrudgingly admiring her resolve.
She also proves, much to everyone's dismay, to be disastrously magnetic. Not just by conventional means of good genetics, but sheer force of personality as well.
There is an unpredictableness to Jez that makes her dangerous. When she first gets here, her black hair is straight and long, her brown eyes reserved and uncertain. By the time a year passes, she has chopped her hair to half length and dyed it several different colors, and her eyes appear decidedly sharper. By the time three years pass—the same amount of time it took for me to achieve Mentorship—she has stopped dying her hair, shaved it down to a masculine cut, and turned her eyes into figurative lasers.
It isn't just that she physically changes. I mean, sure, the haircuts and muscle mass help alter perceptions of her, but it's less about what is different and more aboutwhy.
Jez never does anything without two hundred percent conviction. If she cuts her hair, it's because it no longer serves who she is. If she decides to square off with someone, it's because she's been counting and they've crossed five lines too many. She may bend and she may yield, but she changes for no one except herself. In a world where everyone obeys what they are told is best, from trends to roles to which trash goes into which bin, she is an abomination.
And she is fascinating.
I'm baffled at first as to why she keeps showing up to my lessons. It is so apparent on day one how miserable she's going to be that I make a conscious effort to dissuade her. I know Sebastien must have put her up to this, so I offer her a way out. Or so I thought.
I challenge, mock, and push her so far out of her comfort zone that even my best pupils look at me with uncertainty. Confident she won't be showing up the next day, I go back to my quarters after class to drown my guilt in pleasure. I enlist the help of both Orla and Maverick, and that night we lose ourselves in the throes of passion well into dawn. Afterwards, when they ask me what brought on this sudden burst of insatiable need, I just shrug and say, "First years are annoying."
They take the hint and back off.
Naturally, it isn't the last time they ask. Because Jez shows up to training the next day, bruised but uncowed, ready for another round of ass whooping. And every time she throws my callous pity back in my face, even after I've slammed her onto the sparring mat, I find myself seeking out more Mentor bedmates, determined to fuck away the look of defiance in her face.
It never works. And to make matters worse, the situation only gets more complicated.
For one, her malicious persistence means she actually starts to improve. Her stances straighten out, her jabs become faster, and her body grows toned in a most distracting way. For another, her burgeoning skills give her confidence like nothing else before has. It's as if knowing she can physically pummel someone to the ground gives her the courage to set her true self free. The transformation is both unexpected and extraordinary.
Jezia is a pretty but solemn thing when she first arrives. Long hair, willowy, graceful, with a serious manner and skin like creamed honey. She elicits a quiet kind of attention wherever she goes, partly due to her Outsider status, but mostly because the energy around her just seems to draw inward. She is private and elusive. It makes her mysterious, and some people find themselves attracted to mystery like moths to neon light. I suppose that might be one reason why Sebastien dotes on her so much.
I, on the other hand, judge her to be mousy at first. Shrewd, yes, with a sprinkle of attitude, but a wallflower nonetheless.
Then one day some of my more zealous students decide to corner her, and that's when everything irrevocably changes. It's as though she's been bottling up who she really is, and all it takes is one, savage moment to pop that cork for good.
She's been training with me for about a year by then. Her hair is shorter and tipped with blue, but each time she shows up, she is always covered modestly, refusing to wear the official sparring uniforms. I've never bothered correcting her; I keep hoping it will be one more reason for her to feel discouraged. Though, after a year, I'm not sure why I hold onto that hope.
The other students don't outright bully her, but I know they shoot her looks, whispering snide comments just within earshot. Unfazed, Jez always stares straight ahead, acting as if she can't hear them. I'm so wrapped up in my own, inner turmoil that I fail to realize it's only a matter of time before some of the trainees try something more drastic. Jez's affiliation with Sebs protects her, but only to an extent. And Academy students, being the best and brightest Neon has to offer, are nothing if not resourceful.
That day, I just so happen to be on my way to the showers, eager to get in a quick rinse before my next class. But my meager slice of solitude is cut short by screaming. I sprint down the immaculate, grey halls toward the commotion, expecting to find an accident of some kind. When I round the final corner, however, I stumble back at the sight before me.
Three of my students are lying on the floor, noses bloodied and coughing for air. Some sport scrapes and torn clothing while others are missing chunks of hair. But none of them are as bloodied as Jez.
She is standing above them, chest heaving, one eye already swollen shut, lower lip cut and knuckles bleeding. And gods help us, her clothes are torn to absolute tatters. Curiously enough, one of our standard training tops is shoved awkwardly over her long sleeved shirt. Or, well, what used to be a long sleeved shirt, as one of the sleeves has been ripped clean off while the other hangs on by a literal thread.
It doesn't take long for me to piece together what happened.
Jez fills me in anyway. Her assailants are too terrified to correct her at any point; they know they will likely face expulsion for their violent offense.
Apparently, they had followed Jez after class and backed her into a secluded corner, where they ordered her to take off her clothes and put on a proper uniform. When she refused to comply, two grabbed her by the arms and held her up while the third forced the training top over her head. They had succeeded in humiliating her, but not without laying down the final straw.
Jez stumbles at this part of her retelling. I can tell she isn't proud of what she did, perhaps even a little afraid of what she is capable of. Her voice wavers as she looks down at all the blood splattered across her body. She says she must have gone berserk, attacking all three students in a blind rage, refusing to stop until they were facedown on the ground. She hadn't meant to hurt them so badly. She just wanted them to stop, to leave her alone. And she was so, soangry.
Vividly, I remember her shaking. But the part I'll never forget is how the horror on her face slowly crystallizes into terrible conviction. If given the choice, I know she would kick their asses all over again. She isn't afraid of what she did...she is scared of not feeling more sorry for having done it.
In the end, both parties decide to settle their differences in that very same hallway. The students would give anything not to be expelled, and Jez has her own reasons for not wanting Sebestian or the Academy Board to find out what she has done. They make their apologies, shake hands, and go about their separate ways. I am there more as a witness than anything else, stunned at how civil they are after such savagery.
It's no wonder that positions of leadership in Neon tend to be dominated by the feminine. I can't even imagine what would happen if decisions were made based on anger or pride.
The following day, Jez shows up to class as if nothing ever happened. Only this time, she walks in properly uniformed, not an ounce of self consciousness to be found. Her three, defeated opponents from yesterday gawk at her behind bruised cheeks and carefully arranged hairstyles. They were just in the middle of telling everyone how they had stayed late last night sparring and suffered an accident with some of the heavier training equipment. As their explanation trails off, Jez glares at me with her good eye, fists clenched and shoulders taut with tension. Everyone can see the cuts and bruises, but no one wants to be the first to sling accusations.
I meet the questioning challenge in her gaze with indifference. My job here is to teach, not decide who stays and who goes. As far as I'm concerned, their personal troubles have been quashed.
Once the four of them realize I have no interest in correcting their little lie, they all visibly relax. There's even a hint of gratitude in Jez's eyes.
I pretend to ignore that, too.
It is startling to say the least, seeing up close the physical changes she has undergone in a year. All of her old, conservative clothing had hidden her progress. Now, it is out in plain sight, from the tight swell of her thighs to the flat planes of her stomach.
I force myself to stop staring, clearing my throat and carrying on with class as usual. But I can't help sneaking a glance whenever possible, reeling at the discovery of her surprisingly generous curves and full, lovely bosom. The harder I try not to imagine how perfectly her breasts would fit in my hands, with just a tiny bit spilling over my fingers, the quicker I itch to dismiss class. Cold showers become more and more frequent on the days she attends. I also acquire a whole new appreciation for groin guards.
And it only gets worse. Because when does it ever not?
Her muscles grow more defined, her ass ever rounder and fuller, accentuating the slimness of her waist. And when she walks by, others move out of her way. I am, of course, not the only one who starts to notice these changes. For every envious pair of eyes, there is another heated with keen admiration. But because of her status, no one dares to so much as ask her out for coffee. She remains untouchable, except when we spar.
I'm not supposed to show favoritism, especially not to an Outsider. But Jez has a way of turning what you are or aren't supposed to do on its head. Every attempt I make to escape her gravitational pull just gets twisted back on me, tethering me closer.
The most shameful part of it all...
...is that I think I might actually enjoy it.
I like that no one else can touch her. I like that she keeps coming back exclusively to my sessions. And I like that I catch her staring back sometimes, the heat in her eyes disturbingly similar to mine. Every time we spar, I can feel the cord of tension between us stretch tighter. I know that if we keep carrying on this way, it's bound to snap. But against all better judgment, I don't stop.
Some nights I lay awake, fearing for my enlightened soul. I wonder if this is the very danger we've been warned about all throughout our training. The ultimate temptation. The mirage on the horizon that shimmers and beckons, leading us astray toward our premature deaths.
But then a memory of our bodies crushing against one another comes unbidden, reminding me of how she feels beneath me as I pin her for the umpteenth time on the mats, pressing her into submission, and I am lost. The cup guard I wear hides my true reaction, but the way I grow and strain against the plastic becomes painful eventually, and pain makes me irritable. I punish her for it unfairly, I know. But I also know that if I punish her, it makes her angrier, and her wrath always draws her back for more.
I try to apologize, once. On a particularly debaucherous night, I down one too many shots of moonshine and start feeling, for lack of a better word, sentimental. Somehow, I get it in my head that I need to make amends, to smooth the spikes of antagonization between us. So I slip away from the needy embrace of my colleagues, stumbling into a hover car in the dead of night. When the automated system asks me where I'd like to go, I slur with conviction: the Enlightened Estates.
The control panel lights up green as my status clears me for access. I don't know exactly where Jez lives, but I do know where Sebastien likes to hole up and pretend at independence. I figure he wouldn't let her out of his sight, so she has to be nearby.
Turns out I was right.
I am the only passenger in the hover car, which isn't surprising given the hour. Vaguely, I remember the blur of nighttime landscape and muted, neon lights whipping by my window. It only takes a matter of minutes for the car to arrive at Neon's most affluent neighborhood, housing important figures like council members and esteemed researchers. The streets are smooth and empty, not a blade of grass out of place.
Straying away from the larger, more secluded manors, I make my way instead toward the cluster of houses reserved for lesser faculty and the like. These residences are smaller and more compact, but still well beyond the means of the average Neonian.
Definitely a far cry from my plain, one bedroom quarters at the Academy. I'm lucky I have my own bathroom.
I stop when I notice an odd piece of décor on someone's front lawn: a small, squat man made of stone, with a pointy hat and beard. Weird. Looking up, I let loose a breath of disbelief. It isn't hard to guess who this house belongs to. Everything about it is at odds with its neighbors, from its overflowing plants and climbing ivy to the ridiculous amount of swirling stonework and bas relief. The one, dead giveaway is what appears to be a clay sculpture of a fist with its middle finger pointing up. It's sticking out at an angle from a pot of nasturtiums sitting on the porch. I would've never known what that gesture meant, had Jez not pointed it at me once, followed by the words "go fuck yourself."
It wasn't hard to put two and two together.
And who the hell grows nasturtiums in a high class place like this?Strange, spicy plant for a strange, spicy girl, I drunkenly think to myself. I consider knocking on the front door, but think better of it. I'd rather not be caught on her door camera, less than sober and arriving at a suspiciously late hour. Plus, I can see a faint light in one of the windows. My inebriated brain decides it would be better to go straight to the source of my guilt ridden torment.
All the decorative moldings and ivy make it easy to scale up the walls. Once I get high enough, I peer into the window and promptly almost lose my footing.
Jez is sitting in a chair, her back facing me and hand deep in her own panties. I can see everything she's doing in a mirror across the room. Her legs are spread wide, arms squeezing her breasts together, black bra and underwear barely containing her curves. She's panting with eyes half closed as her fingers pump in and out. I can actually hear her moaning through the window.
My mind goes blank.Holy fuck...
I'm hard in an instant. She looks so shameless, so vulnerable, all sense of inhibition abandoned. I can't tear my eyes away. I want her so badly in that moment that my body moves of its own accord, sliding open the glass pane with every intention of helping her finish.
But then her eyes snap open, spotting my drunk ass crawling through her window, and the next thing I know I am facedown in dirt, the wind knocked out of me and the smell of flowers invading my nostrils.
Groggily, I sit up and try to recall what happened. I remember our eyes meeting for one, heart stopping moment. Then me scrambling back out when she comes charging at me with a lamp. I manage to dodge her vicious swing, but only because I launch myself in the opposite direction, straight into her neighbor's precious bed of moonflowers.
The pollen is stuck in my nose for a week, causing me to sneeze every three minutes. As recompense, I am also tasked with replanting everything I destroyed in Madam Larosa's garden. Luckily, the punishment isn't worse and Jez tells no one what really happened, only that I had mistaken her window for someone else's and fallen in surprise. But every night since, I replay that scene in my mind over and over, unable to stop stroking myself as I do. Her shapely legs spread apart, mouth open with sighs of pleasure, the squish of her fingers fucking her own cunt.
And the name she moans as she is nearing her climax.
Ahh...uhnn ffuck..f-fuck me, please...don't stop... Aed—
Every time I get to this part of the memory, I come instantly. The thought of her fantasizing about me, wanting me, filling her pussy with my imaginary cock...I open my eyes to find my hands and stomach yet again covered in sticky, white goo.
Honestly, I don't mind having to miss out on teaching in the mornings to replant all of those shrubs and flowers, because it puts me right back in proximity of Jez's window. And because I'm not teaching, Jez is always home at the same time, watching me from above.
She tries to hide it at first, pretending to be making her bed or passing by to grab something. But then I decide it's easier to work shirtless, and suddenly I catch her lurking by the window minutes at a time, staring with a hateful gleam in her eyes. I just grin and salute her before going back to digging. Madam Larosa certainly doesn't mind, cooing and clucking every chance she gets at what a nice young man I am and offering me beverages at least ten times a day. Meanwhile, I can almost feel Jez's malice seething through the walls.
I am on my last day of replanting when she finally exacts her revenge. Madam Larosa is sleeping in and I have permission to enter her property without supervision. I've just finished laying out all of my gardening tools when someone clears their throat behind me.
I turn around, and it's Jez, holding a glass of water and wearing a fluffy robe. And underneath that open robe I can see her black bra and underwear—the same ones she had been wearing that night I fell. They hug her curves greedily, digging into her smooth, sleek skin.
I drop the spade in my hand. She pretends not to notice. "Here, for when you get thirsty later," she offers politely. Then she wraps up her robe and heads back inside.
With no memory of actually accepting the glass of water, I stand there holding it for a solid minute, dumbfounded, before realizing the pun she just made. It leaves me feeling irrationally vexed, but my training kicks in and I push the feeling aside. Setting the glass down on a ledge, I pick back up my spade and get to work.
A few minutes later, I start to hear moaning.
It's obviously coming from her window, which is conveniently open. I ignore it at first, and only because it's so faint. But then she gets louder, and if I stop digging long enough, I can just make out the slippery sound of fingers sliding in and out of a slick, wet pussy.
I'm glad I'm crouching when Madam Larosa finally makes her appearance. She is smiling and shuffling closer in her mauve, velvet slippers, a glass of orange juice in her hands.
"Good morning, Mentor Aedin. Hard at work again, are we?" Her rheumy eyes crinkle as she doddles closer. Glancing around, she notices the glass of water on her patio and titters. "Oh! I see someone has already made sure you're properly watered."
I do my best to smile back up at her, arms covering my raging boner. Jez has gone quiet upstairs. She's probably struggling not to laugh at my awkward predicament.
"Yes," I answer neutrally, "your neighbor came by and offered me a glass."
"Oh well, what a nice girl she is," Madam Larosa chuckles as she places the orange juice next to the water. Her drinking glasses always have tiny ducks printed along the rims. "I'll just leave this right here for you, dearie. Let me know if you're hungry later, I'm making ham and cheese sandwiches."
I nod at her, face aching from smiling. "Will do, ma'am."
She bumbles away back inside, all the while sighing, "Such a nice young man..."
As soon as she closes her door, Jez is back in action. My dick was just beginning to soften, but when I hear her panting my name, I feel myself stiffen again. She sounds close to coming, all breathy and erratic, whimpering now and then. And as with all things Jez, I know she isn't faking. Her pleasure is real, her fingers evidently picking up speed as she nears the brink of climax.
I give up all pretense of working when she comes. The sound of her crying out and babbling absolutely filthy gibberish as she orgasms makes my cock twitch so hard I have to grab it to get it to stop. It occurs to me how lucky Jez is that Madam Larosa is deaf in one ear and dozes off multiple times a day. I can't fathom how else the two of them could get along, what with one being so elderly and prim and the other masturbating constantly.
There is no way I'm going to be able to finish working like this. Inspired by a new resolve, I stand up, no longer caring if anyone sees my raging hard on. That's when an object comes sailing out of her window and lands right on my unsuspecting, upturned face.
I know what it is just by scent alone. The smell of musk overwhelms my senses, even as I peel the damp, black fabric from my face and dangle it before me.
Fucking hell, it's her panties. And they are absolutely drenched.
I stand there, stupefied, holding her cummed up underwear in my hand. There's a wet spot on my forehead and nose that tingles coldly in the morning air. When I finally look up, she is staring at me from the window again, a self satisfied smirk on her face.
"What happened, Aed?" she taunts slyly from above. "Cat got your tongue?"
Stupid Outsider colloquialisms. I glare at her, smearing her wetness from my face before turning around and picking up the glass of water. I tip back my head and down it in one go. She watches me with open curiosity, right up until I wipe my mouth with the back of my hand and march toward her front door. By the time I get to her porch, glass in one hand and panties in the other, she is already standing at her doorway and greeting me with a venomous "What."
She's still in her fluffy robe, though it's tied shut. I hand her the empty glass and state, "I need to use your bathroom."
She blinks at me, confused, and an automatic "uh, sure" escapes her lips before she can properly contemplate the wisdom of letting me in. I'm naked from the waist up, as usual, and I can feel her eyes on my sweaty back. "It's down the hall to the left," she adds mistily.
Storming down the hallway, I hardly notice her odd choice of decor as I beeline for the bathroom. Once I shut the door behind me, I finally stop to take stock of my surroundings. It is surprisingly...girly, all neat and clean with sprigs of lavender on white marble countertops. I assume it's the guest bathroom, what with its lack of personal effects, but the realization that I am within the sanctity of Jez's private residence still sends a shiver down my spine.
Focus, I remind myself. Now is not the time for rumination. Now is the time for executing my counter attack.
Goal back in sight, I shove down my pants and briefs, freeing my throbbing dick. I wrap her sopping panties around it and start to stroke myself. Closing my eyes, I picture that night in my head again, only this time I'm there with her, doing all kinds of lecherous things to her slick, wet pussy.
Her juices are mixing with my precum, lubricating my cock to a shine. I jerk faster, rubbing the scanty fabric along my shaft, imagining it's her tight little cunt instead.
When I come barely a minute later, the ecstasy of my orgasm is so powerful that I have to lean all my weight on the bathroom counter, my hips jerking as cum spews out of me. I groan her name under my breath as I shoot wad after massive wad into her panties, which are balled up at the tip of my cock. By the time I'm done, my knees are wobbly, but my mind is infinitely clearer.
I clean myself off and pull my boxers and pants back up. As I open the bathroom door, I find myself face to face with Jez, her cheeks flushed and pupils dilated. We stare at each for a few seconds before I grab her hand and plop the balled up panties in her open palm.
It's more cum than panty at this point, oozing from every fold. I'm about to make a crude quip about cats and tongues when I realize she probably isn't wearing any underwear beneath that robe. She was at her window when I stalked off and at her door before I could even knock. There simply wasn't enough time. Which means I'm naked from the waist up, and she's naked from the waist down.
Then, a traitorous thought enters my mind. One involving me asking, maybe even demanding, her to put those cum soaked panties back on. Right there in the hallway. While I watch.
The insult dies in my throat as I feel my cock stirring again.
"Thanks," is all I manage to awkwardly stammer before showing myself out.
It takes me twice as long to finish working that morning, but I don't complain. I try to tell myself it's because I'm going to miss Madam Larosa's orange juice and ham sandwiches, and not because it's my last day of having the perfect excuse to hang around Jez's window. Later that night, I tumble into bed with a slim, perky Mentor named Joslyn and fuck her so passionately that she nearly blacks out from coming. When I follow suit and cry out a shortened version of her name that sounds something like 'Jos,' she never questions it.
I tell myself I hate what Jez does to me. I tell myself I hate Jez. And every time I do, I feel a surge of desire so hot it threatens to scorch me from the inside out.
I do my best to put that day out of my mind. To put all the similar days out of my mind. I train more often, push my students harder, and go on an absolute carnal spree, surprising every one of my colleagues. The very energy around me starts to change, my increasing wantonness affecting even my students, which is concerning. But no matter how much flirtatious attention I receive, and no matter how much sex I indulge in each night, it is never enough.
I know it's folly, wanting that which I cannot have. But Jez will not stay away, and I have nothing left in me to try and stop her.
By the time three long years have come and gone, I've all but given up hope on any kind of reprieve. I make peace with yearning for her from a distance, masking my attraction with disdain, convincing myself it's for her own good. Though she is never bullied again after the incident with the three students, I didn't want to risk stoking any more fires of jealousy.
But then one day I am back in the showers, and I hear weeping. Concerned, I follow the sound, until I come upon running water and someone sobbing. Peeking over one of the stalls, I see that it's Jezia. She's still in uniform and sitting on the tiled floor, hot water crashing down on her as she cries inconsolably.
Like a coward, I back away and leave without rinsing, not knowing what else to do. That night I lay in my bed alone, staring at the ceiling. Every voice of reason is warning me not to do it. To stay away from her and let her take care of her own problems.
Ignoring them, I get up, voice activate my virtual assistant, and inform them to change tomorrow's martial class to a private lesson. I know Jez isn't officially part of the Academy system, so she won't be receiving any notifications. When I rise in the morning to get ready, I choose at the last second to leave behind my cup guard. Shouldering my duffel bag, I make my way to the training hall, heart beating wildly in my chest.
And, well, the rest is history.
-Jezia-
Lesson #1 from being trapped in the city of Neon: matter is matter. Having obeyed all the same laws of nature and physics, I crossed into this dimension without so much as dimpling the fabric of reality. At least not physically, anyway. I'm still human, from Earth, and have gone about daily life under a sizable moon. Two moons do funny things to the tides, but Neon's second moon is so small and the ocean so far away that hardly anyone notices.
Lesson #2: The most dangerous thing about Outsiders, I've come to understand, is not our physical presence, but our philosophical one. It's why we're so prized and loathed at the same time. Each and every one of us offers a treasure trove of alternative knowledge and experience. Yet, because of that very same reason, we are also unnatural catalysts for questions. For change. We are the answers to everyone's "what if's?"
It seems no matter what dimension we're in, humans will always be guilty of seeking greener grass.
In this reality, the one shared by Sebastien and Aedin and all the other Neonians I've had the misfortune of knowing, none of the great wars happened. Entire nations of people carried on unmolested by colonialism and genocide. Plagues were avoided and famines prepared for. Capitalism was aborted merely as an idea. The list goes on. As a result, science and progress remain sovereign. I can't say it's paradise, but in many ways it's closer to being one than home ever was.
It's hard even for a dedicated scholar like Sebs to trace back exactly where things diverged so drastically. I offer what bits of history I remember from my world, adding to the already substantial contributions from dozens of Outsiders before me. But the debate continues, fraught with contention and opposing theories. I've suffered through more than one heated argument between a roomful of overly educated and passionate researchers. It's impressive at first, how much they collectively know, but their inevitable displays of hubris always leave my head pounding.
Still, the city of Neon is so much more advanced than anything I've ever seen back home. There is no extreme poverty, no major crime. Not even litter that hangs around for more than ten minutes—custodial robots take care of sanitation around the clock. Public transport exists by way of carefully planned walkways and self-operated hover cars, thereby eliminating traffic. Jobs are assigned based on the needs of the city and strengths of its citizens. You still have your usual spectrum of rich and less rich, but no one is so broke they can't afford food and a roof over their heads. There's even a limit on how much money everyone can have, regardless of status. The rest gets redistributed according to necessity.
Lesson #3: People, no matter what dimension they're from, always find a way to leverage their power. What money can't buy, influence can and will. Favors run rampant amongst those who hold sway over how things are run. Quid pro quo, tit for tat, you scratch my back I scratch yours...you know, the usual suspects.
I won't lie, I don't entirely hate it here. Sure, it took a lot of getting used to—still does, sometimes—and I miss my family and friends to death. But the prosperity here...the utter lack of, well,lacking, at least in the material sense, is refreshing. I don't miss that part of my old life at all, the part that struggled to pay bills and stay ahead of debt and debated whether I should buy a cup of coffee or just make the cheap stuff at home. There are so many benefits of upgrading from a Type 0 to a Type 1 civilization that I find losing everything and everyone I knew in the blink of an eye almost tolerable.
Almost, but not quite.
For starters, I miss spicy food. Like, real, eye watering, peppers-so-spicy-you're-coughing-in-the-living room-while-it's-being-cooked-by-immigrant-parents food. Cuisine in Neon is alright, but the focus has been on maximizing nutritional efficiency for so long that food has lost its artfulness, its soulful comfort.
From what I can tell, races and cultures still exist, but Neonians live here for one purpose and one purpose only: to further their careers. There isn't a whole lot of value placed on cultivating creativity. If something—or someone—proves unuseful or unable to reach their fullest potential, they are simply evicted. Neonians are so utilitarian that their motto really ought to be 'Function over Form.' Their buildings are square, their personalities are square, and even their food tends to be square shaped no matter what it is. It's all about fulfilling roles and achieving goals. It makes me depressed in a way words can't fully describe.
I also miss our music. God, how I miss music. And video games, and binge streaming, and hell even social media. I tried to explain what TikTok was once to Sebs and he could not, for all his love of Outsider culture, see it as anything other than a phenomenal waste of effort and potential. I suppose he isn't entirely wrong, but, still...
I miss flavor for flavor's sake, entertainment for entertainment's sake. It doesn't have to have a point or purpose other than to be enjoyable. I just miss doing things forfun.
Most of all, I miss my family. I miss their voices, their hugs, their laughter. I miss hanging out, trying new restaurants, and joking with friends. I miss being surrounded by people who, for all their flaws, never questioned my being there. I miss belonging.
Funny, how I had taken all of that for granted back in my own dimension. I always thought I was a bit of an outcast, an eccentric who never quite truly fit in anywhere. But when I left my car that day and embarked on this mind bending journey, stranded in a city where I will never be anything other than an interdimensional alien, I found out what true, unending isolation felt like.
Until I got crammed into a storage locker with a Mentor, and everything turned upside down.
For the first time since discporting into Neon with Sebastien, I feel wanted. Not just because I'm useful, a valuable asset within the pursuit of knowledge, but for me. In all of my messy, volatile, convoluted existence. Just me, no other strings attached.
We fuck everywhere the first week. In my house of luxuries, in his spartan little Mentor's quarters, in classrooms, in bathrooms, even in Seb's office once...which was a rather harrowing experience, but exhilarating nonetheless. Every chance we get, we throw ourselves together, whether it's quick and animal or sweet and languid. We even sleep in the same bed most nights, waking up with limbs warm and tangled. I know this is what infatuation is supposed to feel like, the usual assortment of chemicals my brain releases for the biological purposes of mating, but every day I float around in a daze, convinced I've been hit in the head. Surely, my mind has been scrambled, my wires crossed and recrossed. But god help me I just can't stop.
It's easy enough for me to keep our secret. I have a reputation for being prickly and reclusive and my status makes it so that Sebastien is the only person truly interested in my whereabouts. Even then, he is so caught up in his research that he forgets to check in for days at a time, which has quickly transformed from a source of grievance into more opportunities to tear off Aed's clothes.
Aed, on the other hand, is finding the ruse harder and harder to maintain. Partly because of his popularity as a Mentor, but mostly because he hasn't been showing up to what I can only describe as Mentor orgies, and his former partners in carnal sacrilege are growing disgruntled.
When he first explains to me the rules of sexual engagement amongst Mentors, my interest is merely piqued. When he goes into further depth about the who, what, why and how's, however, I have to pick my jaw back up from the floor several times. I never thought I would be proven so thoroughly wrong in describing Mentors as monk-like.
It seems the one thing I don't have to relearn is academia's universal rule of conduct: Mentors are not allowed to engage sexually in any way with students. That much remains set in stone. It's an offense punishable by career death. Any Mentor caught inappropriately involved will be stripped of their privileges and banned from ever pursuing another Academy position. Any student similarly caught is expelled for life. And since the only way to get a cushy Council job is through the Academy, you might as well sign up as a garbage sifter at that point and be done with it.
Most, however, just find a way to end themselves if they ever fall that far from grace. It's a dark side of the Academy that leaves a bad taste in my mouth. I don't see how the prestige and wealth would ever be worth a life, but some are born into expectations they can't imagine failing to meet.
All that being said, the Academy can't ignore the fact that Mentors are still human beings. As long as they are getting handsy exclusively with each other, the rules remain unbroken. And, according to Aed, Mentors take full advantage of this loophole, being otherwise limited in coping with the pressures of Mentorship. He swears that some Mentors become so carnally skilled they can actually trade services for favors. Sex work doesn't officially exist in Neon, but the exchange itself is common enough. Just extra covert, depending on how much influence a person holds.
Sexuality is often fluid within their ranks. As are partners, fetishes, and number of Mentors present at any given fuck fest. It scandalizes me to no end, finding out that some of the stoniest Mentors are the freakiest in bed.
We're sharing a little flask of Neonian moonshine on my bed while he explains all of this through yet another lesson on Mentorship. It's become part of our nightly foreplay, him humoring my curiosity while we get more and more buzzed, until all I can think about are the thousand different, filthy ways I want to shut him up.
I take another swig of moonshine. It tastes like acetone and feels like fire, but it's the only booze we have access to. Unless, that is, whoever is trading 'favors' with the researcher illegally creating this contraband finds a way to inspire some creativity. I sigh inwardly at the thought of wine. A crisp riesling with a plate of aged cheddar and green grapes. It sounds good enough to make me weep, which prompts me to wash away the depressing thought with another mouthful of glorified rubbing alcohol.
Feeling bold, I suggest to Aed that it seems Mentors can fuck up and across, but not down, and students down and across, but not up. He mulls over this for a few seconds before exploding with laughter.
"I've never thought of it in such brutally simple terms," he wheezes through his mirth, "but yeah, that's how it works."
It makes me wildly pleased, getting him to laugh like that. I aspire to do it a hundred more times.
For now, I decide instead to cut him off mid laugh, my mouth smothering his. The taste of moonshine swirls between our tongues. He makes a low sound as I push myself into his lap. He's so warm and strong, his body chiseled yet yielding, mouth hot but sweet. I feel his moan resonate down my throat, turning into white hot electricity by the time it reaches my stomach. Without hesitance, his arms wrap around me, hands exploring wherever they please. As our kisses grow heavier, so does his grip. He's holding me by the ass now, pinning me against him as he grinds his hardness against my aching heat.
It's my turn to moan, his lips trailing down my neck as our hips undulate together. His wonderfully thick cock is rock solid at this point. My mind goes blank with desire at the thought of feeling it slide into me, stretching me, filling me to the absolute brim.
Warmth gushes between my legs. My panties are soaked through, the heat and dampness amplifying the friction from us rubbing against each other. I can feel him twitching beneath me, his fingers digging into my flesh.
-Aed-
One moment we're laughing, the buzz of lab-grade alcohol making the room spin merrily. The next, she's crushed up against me, her warm, lithe body pressing into all the right places. I don't even have time to be surprised before her mouth is on mine. She's searching hungrily, and the way she's rolling her hips on top of me sends all the blood rushing straight down. I grow stiff in a matter of seconds.Sorcery, I think distantly to myself.
I can guess how wet she already is by the way the fabric is sticking to us both. Between her slickness and the molten heat radiating from our grinding, we're practically being steamed.
Straining with impatience, I slip a hand down between her legs, feeling the insane amount of wetness through her underwear. Which, conveniently, is all she's wearing down there. It's become a sadistic little habit of hers, walking around in nothing but her panties. She claims it's for convenience, blaming me for constantly stripping her down or teasing her to the point of ruin anyway. I always just shrug my shoulders and grin, unable and unwilling to argue.
"What a good girl," I whisper into her ear, "always so fucking wet for me."
Another trickle of cream oozes out as she whimpers. I can feel it leaking past the folds of her panties. Gods in hell, she turns me on so fucking much.
I reward her by pulling the thin, soaked cloth aside and brushing her slit with my fingers. She shivers and grabs me by the shoulders, gasping in surprise. My fingers are quickly coated in her juices, her cunt tight and slippery and hot as I push in.
"Ooohhh ffuckk," she moans throatily.
I start pumping in and out, fucking her with my fingers as my other hand slips beneath her top. Her round, firm breasts are jiggling as she bucks in pleasure. I grab one and squeeze, thumb brushing against the hard tip of her nipple, her soft flesh filling my hand in all the right ways. Down below, I can feel her walls clench around my other fingers as her pleasure intensifies from the teasing of her sensitive nibs. She's panting erratically at this point, her climax nearing by the second.
Ever unpredictable, Jez knocks my hand away from her breast. I'm confused for a second, lips slightly ajar, when she grabs her own tit and pushes it into my open mouth. We groan together as I immediately begin to suck, my tongue licking and teasing, lavishing her with my undivided attention.
She's shaking, her breaths growing more shallow. The lewd noises spilling out of her mouth signal that she's about to explode.
I break away just in time to watch her face go through the all phases of an earth shattering orgasm. Jez screams as she quivers and convulses, flooding my hand with warm wetness. It's always breathtaking, watching her come. Even after she falls limp against me, weak and momentarily spent, I'm still nuzzling her, stirring her juices just a little longer as micro-tremors reverberate through her body.
-Jezia-
I'm shuddering as I lean against his chest, his hand taking its sweet time with my drenched sex. It doesn't help that the moonshine is still buzzing through my head, making me all the woozier. With some effort, I manage to lift my face enough to rest my forehead against his.
"You..." I pant, "are getting way too good at this."
The look on his handsome face is so smug that it inspires a second wind of energy in me. I push him down onto the bed with both hands, grab the hem of his boxers, and yank it down from his hips. Sometimes, it pays to train as relentlessly as we do.
His gloriously thick member springs free, slapping against my thigh. I take a moment to admire it in the dim light, smooth except for the veins and crested head, skin the color of dark caramel. I grin naughtily at Aed, whose face takes on a more tortured look as I slowly get up from the bed and turn around. Bending just enough to give him a full view of my backside, I start rolling down my panties inch by inch, hips swaying as I do. The black fabric has wedged itself so deep in my crevices that it has turned into a sticky, makeshift thong.
He's making some kind of tormented noise as I push my panties lower and lower. By the time it reaches just above my pussy, I slow down to an absolute glacial pace. I look over my shoulder and smile wickedly as I watch him stare, transfixed. I'm bent half forward as my fingers keep rolling down fabric. There's a moment of resistance, the cloth clinging to my wetness. I catch sight of his cock pulsating and twitching at full attention, which sends a jolt of electricity through my stomach, my thighs rubbing involuntarily together in growing need.
And then my panties suddenly snap free. Aed's desire is audible as he witnesses my puffy, glistening sex finally revealed, trails of clear, filmy juices webbing between my slit and panties.
"Good fucking gods," he breathes.
I fold nearly in half, pushing my panties down to my ankles before kicking them off. He sounds almost pained at this point. Then I turn back around to crawl onto the bed and straddle his lap once more, a trickle of stickiness running down one of my thighs.
Noticing it, I take a finger and scrape it up, then dab it onto his engorged head.
"What are you doing?" he groans.
I move my finger to press against his lips. "Shh," I coax, "let me play." Then I push my finger into his mouth and he sucks, ever the eager lover. Mouth parting in a pleased sigh, I take back my hand and cup my dripping cunt, gathering as much fluid as I can.
"What are you-uuhhnnnhgg..."
I'm slathering my juices all over his dick, making sure to give a few good pumps before smearing more cream over his swollen head. Once he's nice and slick, I grip him by the shaft and point him at my wet, needy cunt. He's arching ever so slightly against the bed, doing his best to push into me, but I bounce with him to deny his entry.
"Jez, please..."
I coo at him, feigning sympathy. All the while I'm rubbing his tip against me, back and forth, stroking against my clit and gathering more juices. Every now and then I dip a little lower, letting just the head suction in...then jerk my hips so he pops back out. He swears and starts to thrust in frustration. Letting out a low, breathy laugh, I lean down so that my breasts squish against his chest and my pussy nestles along his cock. I start to move my hips again, this time with his whole shaft wedged between my crease. We savor the sensation, my soft heat and his rock hard length slipping and sliding against each other. Every time I glide up and down I can feel his tip grazing my butthole ever so lightly, lubing it with my own slickness.
-Aed-
I can't take it anymore. She's torturing me, dragging out our pleasure until my sanity starts to fray. I almost lose it when she lies on top of me, nipples hard, tits soft, pussy lathering us both in wetness.
Jez must be driving herself just as wild, because all of a sudden I start to feel her heat enveloping me. She's burying me hilt deep in her tightness, her mouth forming a helpless O of pleasure. My head hits the bed and I swear out loud as I sink all the way in. I can feel resistance give way to the wet, hot snugness of her walls, gripping me with shameless need.
We stay like that for a few seconds, relishing the way we fit into one another. And then she's moving again, up and down, riding me with her trademark, agonizing slowness.
I can feel every squeeze, every ruffle of texture. Between her vulgar little growls and moans, I can also hear the salacious squelch of her pussy massaging my dick. It feels so good I almost cum then and there, but I force myself to hold it back. I can't just let her get away with tormenting me. I need a taste of vengeance first.
I'm struggling to think of a way to get payback when she abruptly stops. My cock is suddenly devoid of that warm, delicious pressure, and the disappointment is almost painful. I look up to find that she's maneuvering herself again, this time in reverse. Mesmerized, I watch as her beautifully round ass faces me, giving me a full view ofeverything. She's back to teasing me again, rubbing her clit against my tip in slow, sensual circles, no doubt pleasuring herself in the process.
Done playing her games, I grab her by the hips and thrust. Pinned in place and with her back facing me, she isn't prepared to evade this time, crying out as I impale her. I lift her up and then slam her back down without mercy, and every time I do she quakes with pleasure. At some point she starts matching my rhythm, riding me in earnest, a ring of cream building at the base of my shaft. I let go and just watch in awe as she fucks me with complete abandon, ass rippling as my cock disappears in and out of her.
Amidst all that captivating bouncing, I notice her pert little butthole winking at me.
At last, my revenge has presented itself.
I reach out to cup both her cheeks in my hands and squeeze, pretending to assist with her wild bucking. Spreading her wider, I set my sights on the prize, then press a thumb against her puckered opening.
Jez immediately freezes, pussy flush against me. I expect her to protest at first, or maybe even get angry and roll off. But instead, she's squirming against my thumb, and...fucking hell, she's creaming evenmore.
I can just make out the side of her face, nose turned up and eyes squinting. She's mewling something like "noo" and "donnn't" but I can feel her walls clenching at the same time, growing hotter and wetter by the second. I'm suddenly hit with a flash of insight. Shelikesbeing tamed like the little brat she is.
She's back to riding me again but erratically, hips convulsing with bliss. Every time I press my thumb deeper, she shudders more, her mewling intensifying into full blown moaning, her cheeks flushed with embarrassment. It almost seems like she's squirming to try and get away from my invasive digit, but her attempts only cause more friction, doubling her pleasure.
Inspired by her earlier antics, I pause my teasing long enough to scoop some of her own cream with my thumb and smear it over her hole. She tightens again around my cock, causing me to twitch violently inside of her.
-Jezia-
Ohh fucckk, you bastard...
He's got me completely exposed, thumb pushed into my most embarrassing hole. I've never been touched—no, invaded like this, and it is utterly humiliating. I writhe in a half-hearted attempt to dislodge him, but every time I do it sends wave after wave of pleasure through me. I don't fully understand what the hell is happening to me, why this mortifying act is turning me on so goddamn much. But just the thought of him violating the sanctity of my taint, against my pitifully weak will, makes my insides so hot I feel like I'm going to melt.
And of course, as I buck, I also fuck, sliding his cock in and out of my sopping wet pussy. My hips squirm up to escape his probing, but there's nowhere to go but back down. I can feel the sticky mess I'm making, and when I think about how filthy I must look from his view, another wave of shameful ecstasy crashes through me. I'm dead sure that if I hadn't already came once, I'd be shaking through a colossal orgasm right about now.
Aed, unfortunately, still hasn't come at all. I can't imagine how much pent up energy he has, but I don't have to wait too long to find out. The sight of my mortification must have triggered him at last, unleashing the brute in him that only emerges at the very end, and only if I've done a particularly spectacular job of torturing him.
He's grabbing me in earnest now, shoving me onto my hands and knees as he looms over me...
- Aed -
I start to fuck her properly. I'm grabbing her ass so hard I'm sure I'll leave bruises come morning, but in the moment I'm lost, just wanting to pound the ever loving fuck out of her sweet little cunt. I'm grunting with each thrust as she cries out in bliss, my thumb still teasing her hole. She's squeezing me with a vise-like grip. I don't know how much longer I can hold back, but she feels so good I don't want to stop.
After a while I release her butthole, only to snake one of my hands up her throat. I pull her towards me, her back pressed against my chest and head forced into the crook of my shoulder. Squeezing her neck rewards me with another throaty moan and shudder of warmth around my cock. I jerk her chin towards me and kiss her feverishly. She answers back with her tongue, our mouths barely catching one another as I continue to fuck her in this position. I pump my cock in and out, harder and faster, until her tits are all but bouncing at light speed.
She's limp with pleasure at this point, hands hanging onto my arms, held up purely by my strength. I prefer her this way. Boneless and at my mercy, all the attitude and impishness fucked right out of her. I grab one of her tits with my free hand and squeeze, using it as leverage to drill her even harder.
"Uh-uh-uhfuck fuck, Aed—aahh, nnggh, I can't...you're g-gonna m-make me c—"
I've cut her short by moving one of my hands to rub her clit, flicking it as I pound her relentlessly. This sends her crashing over the edge instantly. I can feel her insides contracting, the pressure so excruciatingly divine on my cock that it's all I need to start cumming as well. We're screaming together, half-moaning half-shouting obscene nonsense as she clamps down on my cock while I unload rope after rope of hot, sticky cum straight into her womb. Our ecstasy lasts an eternity, until I can no longer tell where I start and she ends.
By the time we both collapse back onto the bed, we're both completely spent. Every inch of our bodies is sticky, sweaty, and sore, our lower halves covered with so much creaminess we can't even begin to discern which fluids belong to whom.
"What...the fuck...was that?" Jezia murmurs between pants. We're breathless with exhaustion. It feels like I just ran fifty laps in a row.
I roll over to stare at her, dead serious. "I think we just unlocked a new kink."
To my utter amusement, her cheeks are turning rosy again, the realization of what this might mean in the future hitting her in full force. "I...wait...I never agreed to butt stuff!"
I'm laughing now, the motion making my abs ache. "You not agreeing is kind of the point, I think."
She punches me in the arm, hard enough for me to wince through my laughter. Reaching over, I pull her close to me, even as she makes an adorable effort to shove me away. I gently kiss her lips, moving my hands to fondle her butt some more. She wiggles in my arms, but I can feel her melting against me.
"Don't worry," I reassure her, "I promise I'll make you enjoy every minute of being humiliated."
Jez's face burns red as she glares at me, her body going rigid with anger again.
I grin at her. "But for now, it's bath time."