William arrived half an hour early, his intent as it turned out, was to take Susan for a drive to show her the fields they were working and pick up some lettuce and tomatoes from one of the greenhouses. Somewhere along the line, they started talking about the offshore labour program. Susan was surprised to learn there were other farms in the area who had hired workers from the Dominican, Jamaica, Mexico, and other places. In fact, there was another nearby farm with a dozen Dominicans and another with as many more Jamaicans. Williams knew some of the latter crew from other years.
They picked up the salad fixings at one of the greenhouses where William sometimes worked. There was nobody else there and he gave her a quick tour. Back in the truck they were just leaving when he pointed across a field diagonally to an old farmhouse set back off the road.
"Dat be where Derek and de boys be livin' now," William said, harkening back to the conversation they were having earlier. "Derek and Jon I be knowin' for two years now."
They had to drive past the driveway to the old farm house, and as they did a truck pulled into it with the name of the other farm on the door. William slowed and honked the horn and the other truck stopped about 100 metres up the lane. William had driven past but stopped and backed up and into the driveway, reversing it until his tailgate was a couple metres from the other truck. He hopped out just as a big Black guy got out of the other truck. They met between the vehicles and laughed, gave shoulder hugs and started talking. Susan said she couldn't hear what they were saying. But a few minutes later William came to her door and said he wanted her to meet his friend.
Derek caught one look at my wife and apparently fell in love right away. He couldn't stop looking at her body through the gauze-like material with the sun behind her. He greeted her with some inane comment, grinned a lot, and tripped over his words. Susan and William were standing at the tailgate of their truck and Derek was facing them behind his truck. William put the tailgate down, helped Susan up so she was sitting on it and then sat beside her. What Derek saw now was bare pussy as my wife's dress rode up when she sat down.
"William just straight up told Derek all his crew were fucking me and if he wanted some just go ahead," Susan told me later. "Derek looked at me and I gave him a slight nod and a smile. He looked back at William and he nodded too."
William then got Susan to jump down, he pulled her dress up and over her head and put it on the tail gate where he placed her once again.
"He pushed me back so I was lying down with my legs hanging over the tail gate," Susan said. "I was spread and Derek was dropping his shorts. He walked up between my legs, grabbed me by the hips and slid into me."
Apparently it was all over in five minutes. Derek pumped a big load into her, backed away and William fucked her for another five minutes as traffic drove by just a few metres away. William's load joined Derek's and the night was officially under way. When they were both done, Susan sucked their cocks clean and she and William got back in the truck — the dress used as a towel to mop up the cum that was dripping out of her as she had stood there on the dirt driveway. William had a video camera beside him and she realized he'd recorded Derek fucking her.
Susan said it was sort of surreal driving in an old, beat up pickup truck with no clothes on, two loads of Blackman's cum inside her white body, and the prospect of more black cocks in the next few hours. And William seemed to purposely slow down going through town, lingering at stop signs, and taking his time.
But they went right past the road to the farm house and took a different road five kilometres down. He just smiled when Susan asked him where they were going.
This time they drove up to a concrete block bunkhouse with a big barn and some other outbuildings dotting the landscape. A big Black guy was putting a tractor away and when he came out of the barn and closed the big double doors, William strolled over and they chatted. The guy glanced over at the truck. Then back at William. He smiled, Susan said. A few minutes later they walked over to Susan, opened the truck door and helped her down and round to the back of the truck where the tailgate was lowered again, the dress spread out, and Susan spread on top of it. He spoke halting English and he and William discussed Susan's body with each other as she lay there between them. The guy felt her tits, pushed her legs further apart, and pulled his big Black cock out of his overalls and buried it inside my wife. William filmed right up to and including the massive creampie the guy spurted 10 or 11 inches up inside Susan's belly.
"I must have cum two or three times," she said. "And his load was like hot lava. I swear to god it went right through my cervix and up inside me."
After another five minutes to clean off his cock and catch her breath, they got back in the truck. The dress was left behind in the dirt. Susan looked in the rearview mirror as they drove away and saw the guy bend over and pick it up.
"He threw it in an old burn barrel," she said. "That's when we turned the wrong way yet again and William took me to that little park up by the shore. There were probably 10 cars there and it was starting to get dark. I think the clock in the truck said it was just about 9 o'clock."
The vehicles at the park were couples necking or guys feeling up girls, or getting blow jobs. There were a few people at picnic tables in among the trees, and they drove in and parked.
"I think William was seeing how much he could get me to do," Susan said. "He parked by an old pine and there were shrubs almost surrounding a picnic table. He parked and led me over to the picnic table where I sat on the top with my feet on the seat."
She was so aroused from all the unexpected fucking, two strange cocks, and the idea that people might be seeing her naked in public. They sat there for a few minutes and Susan saw a car coming in the entrance and heading towards them. She was about to run back to the truck but William held her there.
"Let them see what it is I be fuckin'," he told her. "Seeing you naked like dat be de best thing happin' to dem all de day long."
She relaxed a bit, but as the car approached she was getting nervous. And then it was 10 metres away and slowed to a stop in front of them. Four young white guys. William nudged my wife's legs apart.
"Let dem see what a man plays with," he said as the boys started to get out and take a closer look.
They whistled and kind of formed a semi-circle around her. William told them to take a good look.
"But she be Black owned," he told them. "She take de big Black cock every day."
They asked Susan if that was true.
"I looked at William," she said. "I didn't know I was Black owned, but I guess I was. I am. So I nodded to the guys. They were early 20s I guessed. They asked William to prove it and he ordered me to suck his cock."
People from other vehicles were starting to walk over, and soon 15 or so young guys and a few women were crowded up as close as possible to watch my naked wife suck a Black man's cock in a public park. There were gasps from the girls as William loosed his mammoth rod, and wows from a few guys.
"I was so horny all over again doing it in public with my cunt and tits on display," she said. "I knew it was dangerous and getting caught would be ruinous — but that just made me more horny. It didn't even dawn on me that they all had their cell phones out taking video."
After she sucked his cock on all fours on the seat of the picnic table, William got her to lean over the table and he penetrated her cunt from behind and stroked in and out of her until she came in front of the growing crowd. He held off shooting another load into her though, but told the guy driving the car that he could.
"That white guy's cock was maybe eight inches and he fucked me hard for maybe 10 minutes as the other young people cheered," Susan said. "When he came in me William flipped me over so I was sitting on the table with my legs held wide apart and the cum leaking out of me and onto the table. I swear there were 10 cell phones within a metre of my fucked pussy."
She said the amazing thing was that they were all talking about her as if she wasn't there.
"They were talking about my cunt and tits, asking William if I could take cock up my ass, where I lived, how much he would charge for me, how old I was, would I get pregnant," Susan said. "And talking to each other they pointed at my cunt and said things like how many cocks have fucked that, what a swollen mess, they hoped I got knocked up."
When William noticed they were texting and telling their friends to show up, he decided it was time to go. Susan sucked the white guy's cock clean and then they jumped in the truck and left. Nobody followed them, but it wouldn't have taken much of a genius to figure out who William was, and where he worked.
"I'd been fucked by Derek, William, the Dominican guy, and some white guy in a little fast-and-furious car and we hadn't even got to the farm house," Susan said, noting that all four cocks had cum in her in just under two hours. "I asked William what was going on and he told me he was showing me how much more pleasure was out there if I wasn't afraid to step out side what was safe and comfortable."
"I be gone by de end de summer," he said. "I need to be teachin' you de tings you need to be knowin' and it not be much different dan what dat bad man Remy be teachin' but Remy he kill you in de end. William he keep you safe."
Susan couldn't figure out how becoming comfortable with being a Blackowned whore in public was protecting her, but she did admit that she'd been in a continual state of arousal, had come at least 15 times and was still incredibly horny. And things were just getting started.
He said Remington was right about one thing, to almost everyone who fucked her, she was just fuck meat. A body created to received Black cock and sperm. The fact that she enjoyed it, couldn't get enough of it, screamed, yelled, moaned, bucked her hips, demanded more — just made it all the better for the Black men.
"But most, dey don't care you be likin' it or not," he said. "You be wet an deep all dey be carin' 'bout."
When they got to the farm house, William parked at the very end of the long driveway so Susan would have to walk the 200 metres to the house — still naked. Still dripping. Still horny. There were four vehicles parked further up and there were about a dozen men on the verandah and many more in the house. She asked William who they were.
"Dey be part owners," was all he said.
It was about 9:30 p.m. Cars were zipping by. Her tits swayed and bounced as she walked in her bare feet up the dirt driveway. And cars did go by. And some slowed down. Several beeped their horns. William was still sitting in the truck with a video camera recording her walk to the crowd of Black guys.
"It was funny though, " she said. "Walking like that with cars going by wasn't such a big deal. It's like I got used to it and it wasn't any big deal anymore. Like the second or third time Remy said I'd be going to Jamaica to service Black men it didn't seem such a foreign concept. Like my brain was getting used to the idea and I was accepting the inevitability of it. Like fucking wouldn't be any fun unless it was dangerous."
She was telling me this the next evening. The idea that she referred to Remington Chalmers as Remy floored me though. She talked as though he was the devil himself and was using a nickname — almost like a term of endearment.
At any rate, the walk to the house gave her time to assess things. She guessed that all of Derek's crew was there and the Dominican bunch — as many as two dozen plus William and crew. She turned around once and started back to the truck but William started slowly driving towards her.
"He was shaking his head, driving towards me, and holding the video camera at the same time," she said. "Dust was coming up behind him and as he got closer I turned around and walked towards the farm house again. I guess my mind said he was right, they were part owners. When I got there they kind of made a path and let me through, crowding in behind me as I went through the front door. It was hot out, but the heat of those bodies around me brought the temperature up further. I walked into the little hallway that goes into the big living room/ dining room. They crowded in behind me and finally I heard the door close and the key turn in the lock."
Amazingly, she was dripping cunt juice and her clit tingled in anticipation.
"It throbbed," she said. "And I know my hand started rubbing it and I couldn't stop myself. Guys were getting undressed all around me and big Black cocks were springing out of shorts or boxers mere inches from me, I was just ready to get down on my knees and start sucking when James appeared out of nowhere and took me by the elbow. I could smell my pussy even through all the sweat and body door from so many men."
There were a dozen cocks all around her and she knew when she walked into the living room there would be as many more. By then she was in a complete daze and allowed James to blow some giant tokes into her mouth and lungs. He took her into a crowded living room and he gave her the joint and told her to finish it. He poured her a drink with orange juice in it.
"The place was all changed around with a padded table, a single-width bed, armchairs, and two sofas. James let me take a few more tokes and led me to the padded table that was about two feet wide and four feet long. I was in a daze and just stood there. I remember him laying me on the table, spreading my legs and fastening my ankles to little eyebolts at the corners of the top of the table and putting a belt or something over my stomach."
In effect, her legs were spread and her knees bent so they were pushed up on either side of her tits. Her extremely exposed cunt was just at the end of the table which was just at cock height.
She'd seen three video cameras on tripods and one hanging from the ceiling on a metal rod directly above the padded table. She remembered looking up at it many times as they pumped cock and cum into her body. Somebody started a stereo. She smelled more weed. She heard bottles clinking. Eugene was pulling down the blinds and drawing the curtains.
And for half an hour she just lay there as they walked around her stroking their cocks, talking about her — again like she wasn't there — and generally working themselves up to the right pitch. She needed to pee and James taking her to the bathroom and then fastening her back on the table.
And suddenly, for no reason she could discern, they were fucking her. Like she'd passed out and woke up with men inside her cunt and mouth. Ambien, I thought. A tiny dose in that first drink. It's a hypnotic. Just the right dose she'd be somewhere between asleep and away. She'd appear to be awake to those fucking her and to the eventual watchers of the video, but she wouldn't remember very much — if anything.
"I was stoned," she confessed. "And it was like a dream in ways. I know that guys who weren't fucking me at any particular moment were using the video cameras. I saw half a dozen on the stairs looking down for a better view. But in a few minutes all I was was one big orgasm that seemed to go on forever."
Of course I didn't know any of it at that point. I had been at a banquet and couldn't leave until after 9 o'clock and when I got to my car it wouldn't start. I tried everything but no luck. Nothing was open by that time and it was 10 p.m. or later when I tried to call a cab — but my phone was missing. I went back to the banquet venue to see if I left it there but the place was locked up. And of course there are no pay phones anymore.
I started walking. After half an hour I got a drive to my house. By then it was almost midnight. I called Susan's phone but it just rang and went to voice mail. I later found out it was in William's truck. I called the farm house but there was no answer. I called again and again but nobody picked up. By 3 a.m. I finally decided I was going to miss the gangbang and after jerking off to videos of my wife fucking Black men, I drifted off.
Just before I went to sleep I thought to do a search for my iPhone. The Find iPhone app told me it was at the farm house. Funny, because I'd had it earlier in the day. I knew Susan didn't have it because I'd seen her leave wearing a tiny see-though drees and carrying her phone that was in a pink case. Then I thought to look for my spare car key that always hung from a hook by the back door. It was gone too. Things were starting to become clear.
Sunday morning is not a good time to call a tow truck, a garage, or a taxi. But by 11 a.m. I got a guy to look at my car and in two minutes he had it running.
"Battery was unhooked," was all he said as I gave him $50.
I drove home and called the farm house. William answered, and yes Susan was still there. He didn't ask why I hadn't showed up the night before. It didn't strike me as odd at the time, but when I thought about it later it did.
William said he'd drop her off by mid-afternoon and not to worry. I figured she was sleeping but it turned out they had resumed fucking her. If she counted right there had been as many as 27 of them from three different farms, all Black, all well hung, all horny, and all without any problem being part of some of the filthiest interracial porn I'd ever seen recorded. Of course I found all that out later. More than eight hours of fucking with at least four cameras, various settings from padded table, to bed, to sofas, to verandah, and to bedrooms. Susan starting out cuming and fucking like a whore to hardly moving, to being fucked as she was passed out. At some time in the middle of the night they all took a break, most of the other crews went home, and Susan got to rest for two or three hours. She remembered waking up just as it started to get light outside. She was on a seedy old mattress on the floor of one of the barns. A single bulb hanging from way up just illuminated her surrounding. William was sitting in a big armchair watching her, his big cock hard in his hand. Mike walked into her line of vision. Then they were inside her again.
William had dropped her off. He walked her up to the door. Came inside for a few minutes.
Susan was naked. Tired. Hung over.
"Where were you?" she asked. "You were supposed to be there. You missed it all."
She was covered in cum and it was no problem to see she'd been fucked within the last 10 minutes. Her tits and nipples were red and swollen. Her cunt was red and swollen — so engorged it was if she was still at the height of arousal. Her cunt lips hung down and were engorged to twice their normal thickness. And her lips and tongue were even puffy. And she was covered in suck marks.
She spent the rest of the afternoon and into the evening soaking in the bathtub. I explained the car quitting but not about my missing phone or car keys. Amazingly both items were now in the kitchen. She started to tell me what she could remember.
"That weed was really potent," she said. "Not like the old days when you had to smoke three joints just to get a buzz. After the first half hour at the farm house I don't remember much."
When she arrived home, she was hungover and dehydrated. It took a lot of water and pain killers just to get to the point where she could think. "They kept pouring the drinks. Vodka mostly, I think."
It seemed strange since she was a more than willing participant. She wanted those Black cocks inside her just as much as they wanted to put them there. Getting her drunk didn't really make sense. But it would make her more pliable.
She told me about Derek, the Dominican guy Jean Luc, the park, and the beginning of the gangbang.
"I remember being really thirsty but all they gave me was booze," she said. "I remember looking up at the camera. And how they held my legs apart to video all the cum dripping out of me — and telling me to push it all out."
"Imagine if the doc could see you now," I mused. "You'd be in trouble."
"All I remember mainly is that they took turns — one after the other she said. "Like one in my cunt and one in my mouth. They'd switch after a few minutes and I think they mostly came in my cunt. Although I did swallow a lot of cum too. But mostly in my pussy."
After those two were done, two more would slide into her. Then she remembers being in a bedroom on her hands and knees taking it from both ends. Then on the floor. On the dining room table. It was a gangbang that seemed to have been divided into five or six acts. Some of it cunt-pounding hard, some of it slow and easy. No 10 guys at once or anything. And she was always well lubricated with a mixture of sperm and cunt juice.
Our friend Dave and I once fucked Susan for nine hours, one of us in her cunt almost the entire time except for about 45 minutes midway through when we ate and Susan went to the bathroom. In the end we were worn out but Susan wasn't. So a gangbang is not so different. Cocks in her constantly but it was no different than just two people fucking her for a long time.
To me it all seemed quite deliberate and planned. Almost 30 guys. Divide them up, move the action to different settings, and you had four or five full-length interracial, creampie gangbang movies. The equipment wasn't quite professional, but it was better than average by the sounds of it. And she thought there might have been a few white guys there too, but she couldn't remember them fucking her. She doesn't know how she ended up in the barn but she remembers William and Mike fucking her there for quite a while. But when she woke up there, she didn't let them realize she was conscious. She just kept her eyes closed hoping they'd finish quickly because she was so tired and sore. And they must have believe she was still asleep because they said things they probably didn't want her to hear.
Finally about 8 p.m. she crawled out of the bath and went to bed — still naked. She had driven who knows how many kilometres, had been at three different farms, to a park — and hadn't worn any clothes in 24 hours.
Susan didn't have any visitors that night. I guess the guys were tired out. Or they had a big day on Monday. And Susan slept clear through to Monday afternoon. When she got up at about 1 p.m. she took another long bath and came downstairs an hour later.
I had called the office and told them I was going to work from home that day.
She sat at the kitchen table drinking coffee and eating French toast. She looked a lot better and she said her body didn't ache quite as much as Sunday. Her hip joints and groin muscles still made her wince a bit.
"I think it's from when the grabbed my ankles and held my legs apart so much," she said. "I remember a lot more now. Sleep must have helped."
She was in a baggy t-shirt. Her nipples poked through and it just came down so her fuck mound was hidden when she stood up.
"They had a lot of cameras there," she said. "I think they're going to put it all up on the Internet. They have hours and hours of it and they were going through it all Sunday afternoon before William drove me home."
I asked her what they were saying when they were looking at the footage, but she couldn't remember exactly, but she did hear them mention Remington several times but didn't know in what context.
That didn't sound good, but I had plans for good old Remy. I didn't say that at the time, though.
"William did say before he drove me home that there were a few more things he needed to do and he'd be picking me up on his day off - tomorrow I think," she said. "And he's sending Derek over here this evening. I told you about Derek, right?"
I nodded.
"Big Black cock from the next farm over," I said. "He fucked you Saturday on the tailgate of the truck."
She smiled at the memory.
"Well, since Robert and Ryan are gone, William says why not," she said. "So why not? He's going to take me for a drive and then back here to fuck. And Jean Luc? Is that his name?"
"As long as you think you can do it," I said. "You know what they're doing, right? They're breaking down any remaining inhibitions you might have. I can guarantee Derek will have you on public display in some park, or in a bar. Maybe a restaurant. And you won't be nearly as nervous this time. And even less the next time."
She looked at me funny.
"I know that," she said. "I'm wet just thinking about it. I've been fucked more in the last six weeks than in the past year. And I just get more horny the more I do it."
I was thinking about the young white guy driving the car - the one who fucked her at the park. I was thinking there'd be a return trip there. And I wondered about the white guys she thought she remembered at the farm house Saturday night.
"I think the guy who fucked me was there," she said. "William said they saw the name on the truck and knew where to find the farm house. His three friends were with him. They might have fucked me. I blacked out, so to speak, quite a few times."
After supper Susan showered and just threw on a robe and waited for Derek.
"No sense getting dressed," she said. "I'll wait to see what he wants me to wear."
"Won't be much," I said. "And you won't be wearing it long."
She said she felt fine, was energized, and the anticipation was starting to get her worked up.
He showed up about 7 p.m. and came inside for half an hour. Susan introduced us as she stood in the door with the robe open. Once inside she led him to the living room while she said she'd go put something on.
"What should I wear," she asked. "Where are we going?"
Then she suggested they go up to the bedroom and she could try things on and he could decide. It took 10 minutes and I know he'd had his cock in her for a few minutes but didn't cum. I heard her moan, but kind of knew it was just a little warm-up. She wore a short red skirt and a white Indian cotton top, practically see-through. No bra, No panties. Sandals. She could hardly keep her hands from her own pussy. Fidgeting. Now anxious to go. Ready to do what he asked.
She asked again where they were going. Derek looked at me and shrugged.
"Maybe to de park out by de water," he said. "Me think we just drive de truck and see what happen."
She looked at me. Like she just remembered something. Or thought of something. Derek was going to the truck and she stopped and grabbed my hand, pulled it down to her dripping cunt.
"I can't help it," she said. "I can't stop fucking."
Then she replaced my hand and with hers, raised her wet fingers to her mouth and sucked them clean. She looked up at me.
"You should email Dave," she said. "Invite him here. Tell him everything. Just in case."
They were gone for two hours. In the meantime I checked emails and sent a long, long one to Dave with links to dropbox where all the video and photos were. I also remembered William had used my computer a few times to check and send emails. He used gmail and I remembered his account name and typed it in at the prompt. Amazingly it came up because he'd hit the remember password option.
I found a few things of note. But first, when Derek and Susan got back they had drinks. Beer for him. A vodka cooler for my wife. She gave me a bit of what happened and later told me more.
When they drove away, Susan asked Derek if she was the first white woman he'd fucked. He laughed and said he'd fucked plenty.
"Dey sure do like de big Black cock mon," he said. "Just like you be likin' it."
"In Jamaica?" Susan asked.
He nodded, and she asked how that was possible.
"Lots of white women in Jamaica," Derek said. "Plenty here too."
As they drove along slowly Susan put her feet up on the dash. Her skirt rode back around her waist revealing her pussy and slightly spread thighs. Derek reached over and rubbed a big finger up and down between her cunt lips.
"I was soaked," she said. "His fingers were rough from all that farm work."
But her juices were flowing and lubricated his finger and he slid it in to the place his cock had been when he was at the house.
"We drove through town," she said. "Just like William he drove slowly. Maybe looking for some sort of opportunity? I don't know. I had clothes on so it wasn't like I'd be exposed really."
I thought about the thin white blouse and the tiny skirt. If she bent over even a little her cunt would be quite visible. If she sat down there would be no way to hide it except by closing her legs completely.
They drove through and on to the next town where there was a mall. They stopped and went through the main entrance and wondered around. There were probably 50 or 60 people in the food court, including two tables of Black guys.
"I think they were locals," Susan said. "They didn't have accents or anything and they were pretty crude gangsta wannabe types. But we sat close by and Derek made me sit so I was facing them."
Derek sat across from her. They had coffees. One of Derek's feet touched one of hers and he slowly nudged it so he was spreading her legs apart. Not all at once, but over a few minutes. The other Black guys had been watching my wife and finally pulled their gaze from her nipples poking through the blouse to her bare pussy.
"I pretended not to notice," she said. "But they were openly looking and leaning their heads together and talking low and smiling. Derek pretended not to notice too."
A security guard made a patrol through the food court. He was Black and big. Early 30s Susan thought. She put her legs together until he was gone, but he had spotted her and liked what he saw. White woman, stunning figure, nipples showing through. Short skirt.
"Derek told me to spread again but shift so I was facing towards the tables with the Black guys," Susan said. "They were all young guys. Maybe 10 of them altogether."
She thought they might have been a university sports team.
People walked by. Susan didn't really watch them. She was self-conscious and horny and knew if she knew people were staring at her bare cunt she'd get up and leave.
"I pretended I was wearing jeans and a sweatshirt," she said. "So when I moved or crossed my legs, or sat cross-legged on the seat, I'd be doing it as if I was fully dressed. It would look to be totally un-self-conscious. Of course I knew I was practically naked."
Finally one of the Black guys came over and asked Derek if he could sit down. Then he was beside my wife and talking to Derek.
"He asked Derek who I was, as if I wasn't sitting right beside him," Susan said. "But I guess there must be some kind of code if you're Black men discussing a white woman. Derek told the guy my name but that I was pretty much booked up."
Derek told him straight up that Susan lived a few towns over and serviced some local farm labourers. All Black. The guy nodded as if that made sense.
"You own her?" the kid asked.
Derek nodded.
"Do you mind," the Black stud said, looking down at Susan's lap right beside him. "Just a feel?"
Derek nodded his approval and the guy surreptitiously moved his hands down between my wife's legs and massaged her mound, finally sliding two fingers into her and stroking them in and out.
"He was good," Susan said. "He hooked his fingers up so they were rubbing my G-spot. I almost came right away."
He asked Derek about pictures, and he nodded. The kid nodded at his friends and they got their cell phones out. It went on for a few moments and Susan did orgasm to the delight of her crowd of admirers. The word slut was used. As were whore and cum dumpster. Then the security guard came back and did a round of the food court. The Black guy took Susan's phone and punched up text messaging and sent himself a text. Susan said she heard his phone ping and he took it out and replied. She didn't see what he had texted until later.
By then the security guard was making a beeline for Susan.
"Are these thugs bothering you," he asked Susan. "Because they aren't supposed to loiter and I don't see any food."
Susan started to respond but Derek cut in and said we were fine. The officer made his way around so he was facing Susan. The Black 'thugs' were getting up, sighing. The guy beside Susan had his fingers back inside her body her but withdrew them and was sucking the pussy juice off them as he was leaving.
"I'll text you," he said to my wife. Derek pulled him in close and told him something. The kid nodded, looked at Susan and smiled.
The Black teens left and the security guard sat beside Susan now.
"She's a little under dressed," he said to Derek. "You probably shouldn't bring them in here dressed like that. Causes too many problems and borders on me having to kick her out. And she can't be picking up clients here."
"Just havin' de coffee, mon" Derek said. "You be right. She be in her workin' clothes."
He said he'd have to write up a report but suggested maybe they should go to his office and talk about it.
So there it was. They'd been in the mall for half an hour and Derek had managed to expose her in public and get her in trouble with security. So they went to his office and Derek offered my wife to the guy who promptly locked the door.
They had Susan out of her clothes in a few seconds and he cleared the desk as they lay her back on it, spreading her legs and positioning her so security guard Johnson would just have to lift her legs up and walk his bobbing, massive Black cock into her.
He'd dropped his pants and shrugged out of his shirt to reveal the body of a guy who works out a lot - washboard stomach, big shoulders.
"I looked up between my spread legs to see this Black stud," she said. "I thought right there and then that this guy is going to fuck me a lot of times. His cock was a great size and long. But I was so wet he slid right into me."
Dwayne Johnson has a particularly desirable cock, and my wife's introduction to it left her shaky, heart palpitating, breathing ragged, and clit so sensitive Derek had to put his hand over her mouth to stifle her moans, yelps, groans, and screams as she was fucked.
"It was so intense," she said, breathing funny at the memory. "I was cuming constantly and it just got better and better. And he was fucking right through my orgasms and that just made it worse."
She tried to wiggle off his cock but he just pulled her tighter onto it and finally spewed spurt after spurt of hot cum against her cervix as she practically convulsed on his Black meat.
When Dwayne pulled out, Derek held my wife's legs and hips up so none of the cum would escape. There was the inevitable squishy 'plop' and Dwayne's moan as the head of his giant cock met the cold air. Derek got the guard to hand him a clear drinking glass from the tiny counter where Dwayne had a coffee maker and a microwave. Carefully Dwayne held the glass as Derek tilted my wife down and urged her to push Dwayne's considerable semen into the glass. The glass was held tight to her ass and soon there was a good ounce or two in the glass as it slid in ropey gobs from her still splayed cunt.
The next bit followed the predictable porn pattern. She squatted on the tiled floor, legs apart, cunt still dripping while she sucked the remainder from Dwayne's cock and then was offered the glass of cum to drink.
Derek was recording with his iPhone and she tilted her head back and slowly tipped the tumbler up so its sticky contents slid down and onto her tongue to fill her mouth. She worked her tongue through the sperm-laden baby juice and then swallowed.
"It all seemed so natural," she said. "I've swallowed a lot of cum, but doing it there on the cold ceramic tiles in a tiny office with two black guys just felt like it was normal. All those people rushing by shopping just a few feet on the other side of the door. I can't describe the feeling."
Derek and Dwayne talked about her for a few minutes and Derek took Susan's phone and like the Black thug at the food court, sent a text - this time to Dwayne. He gave Dwayne my wife's full name and phone number, address, and the address of the farm house.
"You be a part owner now, mon," he said to Dwayne.
When Susan stood up her legs were shaky and she had to lean back on the desk. Dwayne's cock was semi-hard and Derek was stroking his through his shorts. Dwayne pulled up his pants and tucked his meat back into his boxers. But he wasn't done with my wife. He felt her tits, fingered her ass hole that was loose and wet from the 10 minutes of vaginal fucking. He took photos of her from all angles.
Finally they let Susan get dressed and unlocked the door. She dripped cum as they walked through the mall and out to the truck. People were looking at her she knew.
"I know I looked like I'd just been fucked," she said. "And I smelled like it. I could smell my own cunt. Derek got me back in the truck and told me to take my clothes off. Then we drove all the way back and went to the park over by the shore."
But the was nobody at the shore. Derek parked at one end and told Susan to get out and walk to the other end. It would be a five-minute walk. This time she hardly hesitated.
"I'd done it before with people there," she said. "Doing it when nobody was around was nothing. But the thing was, Derek didn't drive through and pick me up. He drove away altogether."
It was about 10 minutes later that a vehicle pulled into the park. Susan hurried to a picnic table and sat on the other side away from the approaching vehicle. But of course it didn't make any difference. She thought about running and hiding behind a big pine tree, but remembered what both William and Derek had told her. No running away.
"They both said in different words that if I was in public I was to show my cunt, not hide it," she said. "If somebody was trying to get a look, don't close my legs, spread them wider. I figured it applied to this situation, so as the vehicle approached, I got out from behind the table and climbed onto it where I sat with my legs apart."
It turned out it was the Black guy from the mall. Derek had said to be at the park at 8:30 and he could do whatever he wanted. Just him. None of his friends.
Susan had her phone in her hand. It pinged. She looked at the text which told her to lay down on the table and spread her legs. Needless to say he took my wife in all holes over the next half hour. When a few cars showed up he pushed her in his van and finished her inside as it started to get dark.
"He came in my cunt and my mouth," she said. "And after I sucked him clean he opened the door and I got out as he pulled on his clothes, got in the driver's seat and drove away."
It was another half hour before Derek showed up again. Susan spent it worrying.
"What if the kid was supposed to drive me home?" she wondered. "He talked dirty, told me I was just a whore. After he drove away he texted me a few photos his friends had taken at the mall."
I've since seen the photos. Pretty good considering mall lighting, but she's quite recognizable - and her pussy is visible.
When they arrived back at the house, it was obvious they'd had a few tokes on the way home. Susan's eyes were glassy and she was fawning at Derek as they sat on the sofa. She drank a second vodka cooler and sat spread beside Derek and across from me. And it was pretty obvious there had been a cock in her ass very recently. The puckered hole was loose and pulsating as if milking an imaginary cock.
Derek told me about some of what happened, with Susan filling in some of it. And it boiled down to Dwayne being added to the rotation because when all the farm workers were gone, Dwayne would still be around. And Susan would service the Black thug from the mall regularly.
"What about the white guy," I ask. "He knows who she is, where she lives, has photos. Same with his friends. If she doesn't fuck them, they start spreading those photos around. Telling people stuff."
"That be up to Susan,' mon," said Derek. "Susan be fuckin' dem. De difference is de Black owners tell Susan what to do. Deese white boys, dey can't be doin' that."
Susan and Derek went up stairs. It was past 11 p.m. and Derek hadn't even cum yet. Susan took care of that. I heard her moaning and wailing as Derek pounded into her. After some particularly big groans and loud screams, all was quiet for another half hour. Then it started up again.
Susan was a gooey, sticky mess when Derek let himself out and I went up to bedroom. I was starting to think of it as the fuckroom. She lay there as he left her - open. I cleaned her up, tasting possibly Dwayne, the Black thug, and Derek as I licked and sucked her baby chute. She rolled onto her stomach and I cleaned up all that had leaked down her ass, easily pressing my tongue into her puckered hole.
Then I moved her around in various positions as I fucked her cunt for the next hour. It was warm, wet, velvety heaven on earth. Loose. Deep. Pungent. The centre of the universe. She moaned. She cried. She moved for better contact and friction. She sucked my cock, my balls. I came in her twice and she even let me fuck her ass for a while.
When it was over, she was exhausted. She'd drunk two litres of water while we fucked and went to the bathroom when we were done - just to pee. She didn't shower.
She lay covered with cum, filled with cum.
"William tomorrow," she said, almost asleep. "I think something big happens tomorrow. Did you email Dave?"