Chrissy awoke on Sunday morning she smiled as she revisited some of the memories of yesterday. She had intended to stay out on Saturday night but had instead gotten a taxi to bring her home, even now after a good night's sleep she could feel her pussy throbbing following the pounding it had taken at the hands or fist to be correct of the black man in the pub, closing her eyes Chrissy reached beneath the covers and slowly began to masturbate, her pussy instantly wet as always, she was irritated to find herself disturbed by boisterous voices in the next room. Her bedroom opened out onto the lounge of the bungalow her parents lived in, curious to what the noise was about she pulled on her white silk robe it was much too short and barely touched in the middle. It certainly didn't overlap as the makers had intended, Emma had made some alterations a few months ago for her, she opened her bedroom door and stepped into the lounge.
Her elder brother Mark and four of his friends turned as they heard the door, "for fuck sake Christina put some clothes on" her bother said his friends just stared. "It's my home and I have got clothes on bro, anyway what you doing here?"
"My TV packed up yesterday and it was my turn to host the F1 Grand Prix. As mum and dad are out for the day they said I could come here. By the way mum said they were going to see some old friends and wouldn't be home until late."
Chrissy had been looking at her brother as they talked but she had been aware of his friends giving her the once over, she knew her robe covered very little she also knew the hard tips of her nipples would be very obvious Mark except for his initial comment had made no further remarks about her state of undress. Chrissy deciding that she could have some fun at her brothers expense didn't go back to her room to change instead walked towards the kitchen and breakfast, deliberately walking close enough to the end of the large leather sofa to brush against it she felt her silky robe catch just enough to part the front a little more.
She didn't look down to know that there would be a strip of bare skin right down the middle on show which would include her bare and smooth pussy. She had done the exact same thing a few times when her step father was around. Chrissy turned to face the room just in case they had missed the free show and asked if anyone wanted coffee before turning and entering the kitchen.
Chrissy put a pot of coffee on, for the first time realising it was nearly lunch time she had slept late. She poured herself a cup then sat on a stool at the breakfast bar with her coffee and toast. She had chosen the stool that faced the door to the lounge, pulling the sash undone she made sure her gown was open enough to show both breasts completely, with one foot either side of her stool her knees were well parted when she was sure she was well presented she called out loudly that the coffee was ready.
Chrissy didn't know or care who would walk through first, her step brother would protest but he had seen her naked before and Chrissy had caught him checking her out more than once. It was one of his friends who came in first, he then came to a complete stop as he realised his friends sister was sitting almost naked sipping a coffee. Chrissy looked directly at him but made no attempt to straighten her clothes, she pretended to be completely unaware of her exposed flesh, a game she played often. As he stood staring Chrissy stared back, want me to pour it as well she asked, the guy just nodded speechless.
Chrissy poured the coffee and asked if he wanted milk, again just a nod. Chrissy smiled with her back to him as she opened the fridge door, the milk was right at the back of the bottom shelf, she knew that because she had just put it there. Without bending her knees Chrissy from the waist bent over until she could reach the floor she knew her glistening pussy and arsehole would be fully exposed, she heard a gasp and without standing she looked back between her legs and saw another pair of feet next to the first guy. Hiding her smile Chrissy stood up and turned, another friend of her brother stood open mouthed next to the first.
Chrissy liked this game she added milk to the coffee and stood close to the guy before passing him the hot cup she was still naked from the front, slowly she turned and replaced the milk in the same spot she had gotten it from. She then stood and asked the second guy if he wanted coffee as well. Chrissy took a mouthful of toast as she watched him staring, Chrissy brushed imaginary crumbs away from her right nipple feeling the pulse as she brushed the hard nub all of the way down to her pussy, pouring a second coffee she asked the new man " I guess you want milk as well?"
Chrissy went through the same procedure the two guys still hadn't said a word. Chrissy didn't even know their names with milk again in the fridge she took her seat again, this time sideways to face the two men but her knees well apart giving them a clear view of her pussy. She could feel the moisture building and the throb of her pussy letting her know that her lips were puffy and full, it was comical the two men just stood speechless and stared. Chrissy liked the attention and on several occasions flicked imaginary crumbs from herself, the two men didn't move until her brother called out for them, they then stumbled back out into the lounge both Chrissy noted they both had bulges in their jeans.
Chrissy didn't bother to re tie her gown for the short walk back to her room, her brother was watching the pre-race build up on the TV and didn't even notice her passing, all of her brothers friends noticed though. Once she was directly behind her brother and about two steps from her door Chrissy waved to the watching men and put her finger to her lips to signal silence before she shrugged off her robe and took the last few steps naked closing the door behind her.
Once in her room Chrissy laid naked on her bed, her wide open legs faced the door as she reached down to finish what she had started earlier, if anyone came into the room they would see her with three fingers buried deep inside her own pussy while she rubbed her swollen clit with the other hand. She had learnt to stifle her cries during sex when she was younger, knowing her parents were watching TV outside her room as a teenager had meant she had needed to. It was a skill that she had needed to perfect now that she often had sex in places she shouldn't. Today was no different she bought herself to a huge climax but other than a few groans and gasps not a sound was to be heard.
Chrissy lay panting and gradually became aware of the sounds from outside her room again, she could hear her brothers raised voice above the sound of race cars on the TV, a few minutes later there was a knock on her door, still laying naked on her bed she didn't hesitate before saying come in.
Her brother stood at the open door trying hard to not look at his sister, "would you cover yourself up please" he said. Chrissy stood and turned her naked back to him, before she bent to retrieve her robe from the floor, she could see him watch her in the mirror, he didn't seem to mind looking when he thought she didn't know, Chrissy filed that thought away for another time.
With her robe in place she turned and said "what's up bro". "I've been called into work some sort of emergency it's bloody miles away so I'm not going to get back here for a few hours. As the race is about to start and I don't want to kick the lads out do you mind if they stay until the race is over. They have beer and snacks and won't come in here so you won't be bothered by them, if they have to leave now they will miss the race as its about to start". Chrissy smiled "no problem bro you go and do what you have to do."
Chrissy heard her brother passing instructions to his friends where the beer was like they couldn't find a fridge she laughed, she heard the door close and shortly afterwards the sound of his car driving away, Chrissy leaving her robe on the bed, opened her bedroom door and asked " who wants a beer?"
Four pairs of eyes turned towards where she stood completely naked, none of them said anything, Chrissy put her hands on her hips her firm shapely chest pushed out even more. "Beer?" she again asked, four nods and a few grunts were the only response Chrissy headed to the kitchen and collected five cold bottles of beer from the fridge, she returned to the lounge and passed them around, before sitting in the centre of the sofa between two of the guys, they moved and made enough room for her the other two were sat in two arm chairs one to either side. All of them could see her well even though now that she was sat on the sofa her pussy wasn't visible anymore.
"Are you going to introduce yourselves" Chrissy said, "by the way I'm Chrissy Marks little sister", in turn they all mumbled nice to meet you my name is Rod, Alan, Andy and Sam. "See not that hard to talk is it" Chrissy laughed, she looked up at the large TV on the wall with brightly coloured race cars rushing around the track. Chrissy didn't understand why men liked sport she never had but she had found sport gave her opportunities as there was often groups of men which Chrissy did like.
"So you guys really like to watch this" she asked, "yeh we get together for every race of the season have done for a few years now."
"You wouldn't rather watch something else?" Chrissy asked as she circled one of her nipples with the cold glass of her beer bottle.
Well none of them admitted it but none of them were watching the TV they were captivated by their friends little sister and her very hard nipples which she continued to tease with the ice cold glass of her bottle. As Chrissy slowly traced a line towards her pussy with the bottle the group leant forwards to watch closely, Chrissy smiled knowing she had them now, sliding forwards on the sofa bringing her bottom to the edge Chrissy hooked a knee over each leg of the men either side of her. They could now see every detail of her pussy spread wide open as she slowly inserted the glass bottle neck into her dripping pussy.
The guys just sat and watched, none of them had met Chrissy before today although they had all heard stories of Marks sexy sister from other friends, and the stories were about her appearance and were correct she was absolutely stunning. However none of them had heard that she was a slut before but here she was fucking herself with a beer bottle only inches from them. They watched as she removed the bottle and dropped it to the floor before using both hands to spread apart her dripping wet pussy with her hole stretched open she just said, "anyone who hasn't eaten me can't fuck me", there was almost a stampede but it was Rod who found himself on his knees lowering his mouth onto the dripping cunt so openly spread for him.
With her pussy being enthusiastically licked Chrissy reached for the laps of the two guys either side of her, with only gentle encouragement they both freed their stiff cocks from their trousers. Chrissy began to slowly wank them in unison, Sam was the only one not occupied Chrissy told him to stand behind the sofa he could then reach down and as she requested play with her boobs. After a while she could feel Rod flagging, his tongue was slowing so she told them to switch around, she was now wanking Rod and Sam, Alan was pinching her nipples and squeezing her tits while Andy knelt between her thighs, as his tongue began to assault her clit she felt two fingers enter her pussy and they went straight for her G spot, Andy it appeared knew how to eat pussy. Chrissy was soon bucking off the sofa and with a groan came on Andy's face he looked up and smiled his whole face wet from Chrissy grinding her pussy into him, "well don't stop you idiot" said Chrissy "make me come again, if you make it three times you can fuck my arse first". Andy went right back to work.
Andy made it five times before he stood his mouth numb and his tongue almost worn out, Chrissy juices were dripping from his chin and there was a good sized puddle below her on her parent's wooden floor. Sam knelt to take his place the others also switched places, Sam had been watching his friend as he made Chrissy cum repeatedly and with his mouth in place he to inserted two fingers, unfortunately he had no idea that his friend was rubbing a very sensitive spot inside her pussy so her didn't get the same reaction, he assumed it was because she had just cum so much. He carried on regardless until he heard Chrissy's voice muffled by her thighs ask for more fingers, fill me up. Her pussy hole was soaking wet and he slipped three then four fingers inside her, she took them with ease and was soon grinding down on his hand. Her weight and his position was bending his wrist back so he slowly and carefully tried to rotate his wrist while also sucking hard on the clit he could feel between his lips, as his wrist became more comfortable he felt his thumb slip inside along with his fingers, Chrissy groaned and pushed down even more until they both felt his fist slip inside her.
Chrissy was coming again but she wanted more, she managed to get herself onto her knees with her tits resting on the back of the sofa. Sam still behind her pushed his fist back inside the pink hole amazed as he slipped deeper this way, he pushed until he could go no further, he wasn't up to the elbow but he was close, slowly he began to work his fist in and out of the pussy in front of him.
Chrissy had her eyes closed but opened them when she felt her nipples being pinched again, Andy stood behind the sofa and his cock was now perfectly placed for Chrissy to suck she pulled him towards her and swallowed his cock in one thrust.
Unable to wank the other two they found the best view was from either side of Sam as he fist fucked her from behind. Alan reached out and began to rub her very prominent clit, Chrissy was shuddering as she climaxed yet again, Sam could feel her pussy squeeze down on his forearm and he slowed as she climaxed, when he felt her muscles relax again he began fisting her again, only stopping to alternate hands as his arm tired.
At some point Chrissy passed out, it was déjà Vu as she awoke to find a cock beginning to probe her upturned arsehole, she could hear as Andy said she promised me her arse first so wait your turn, as she became more aware of her surroundings again she reached back and helped guide the stiff cock into her waiting arsehole after wiping it along her still dripping pussy it was now slick enough to slide into her.
Andy slowly pushed until he was all the way in before beginning to fuck her arsehole steadily, Chrissy felt fingers again penetrate her pussy adding to the sensation of her cock filled arsehole, Sam with both arms almost exhausted came and stood in front of her his hard cock pointing at her face, Chrissy had her eyes closed enjoying the sensations but stepping forwards Sam pushed into her mouth anyway, Chrissy felt her pussy being stretched even more and climaxed when she felt a bigger fist slide inside, Andy was now pounding her arsehole, he pulled free and Chrissy felt hot cum squirt onto her back, Andy was replaced with Sam fucking her face she didn't know who was doing what behind her but she was coming often and hard.
Sam wanted to fuck her to so he pulled away from her mouth before he was too close, he went back behind her and out of sight as well. Chrissy her eyes closed again felt another cock bumping her lips, she opened her mouth and took a soft cock into her mouth she could tell from the taste it was Andy's cock straight from her arsehole she sucked and licked him clean before he moved away.
Chrissy felt the sensation of hot cum being deposited inside her arsehole, a cock was pulled free with a plop and another Sam she assumed took its place, as before a cock was pushed to her lips sticky with cum and tasting of her own arsehole Chrissy took the still hard cock into her mouth, she licked it again until it was clean feeling it soften until again she was left with the sensations from her arse and pussy.
Sam had delayed from coming in her mouth but now fucking her sloppy cum filled arsehole he knew he wouldn't take long, a few hard trusts and he added his cum to the load just left by his friends, he too went to get his cock cleaned as Alan withdrew his fist from Chrissy's now wide open pussy before slipping inside her arsehole as well. Alan managed to last a little longer than Sam had but not by much and he was soon adding to the cum deposited inside their friends little step sister, Chrissy cleaned the final cock using her mouth, she had no idea where they got that idea from but once she had finished she slumped back onto the sofa exhausted.
She must have dozed off and when she awoke was all alone the TV was still on but the race was well over, she laid naked on her parents leather sofa, as she stood cum oozed from her over full arsehole and slowly ran down her legs, she pulled her robe on and was heading for the shower when the front door opened and her brother walked in back from his emergency, "have they gone?" he asked.
Chrissy looked around and said "clearly, why where do you think they would be hiding?" She faced her brother and felt his friends cum dribbling from her arsehole, he waved as he left already on the phone trying to locate them so that he could join them for a drink. As long as he doesn't ask them about the race Chrissy thought as they had seen none of it, after cleaning up the cum from the floor and leather sofa Chrissy hit the shower.