When we returned home a parcel was waiting for us in the porch.
Inside a large brown box Barbara opened her birthday gifts from her friend Julia -- two large, very realistic dildos, the type with a sucker on to affix to a smooth surface. Alongside these was a powerful, magic wand style vibrator.
"You really need to introduce me to Julia," I said, not for the first time, as Barbara unwrapped her new toys. I was surprised we'd not thought of this. The large, fake cocks were exactly what we needed to take our Sunday afternoon photoshoots to the next level.
I wondered at first why she might want two dildos, but this soon became apparent. Either holding in her hand, or using the sucker, Barbara posed in innumerable positions, and, once the fake cocks were introduced, she made sure both were in use throughout.
She loved to pose with one in each hand, on her knees like she was taking two guys on. And as soon as one found its way inside her pussy, inevitably she'd be filling her mouth up too. This made for some amazing photos. It also set my mind racing -- she very clearly enjoyed the thought of being able to deal with two hard cocks at once.
I wondered where these ideas came from, and again I suspected Julia was the likely source. I could usually trace back some shift in Barbara's behaviour to the times I knew she'd been on one of her long calls to her friend. For all that I was responsible for Barbara's descent into the seething mass of lust that she was becoming, I knew Julia was doubly so, and I looked forward to the day I could thank her personally.
After an amazing photoshoot which had gone up several levels of explicitness with the introduction of the two fake penises, I took a video clip of Barbara bringing herself to a shuddering orgasm with the vibrator. This became a regular 'climax' to our photo sessions.
Soon after Barbara's birthday, we were back in The Oak, and it was a Tuesday. This was the first time we'd returned since Barbara's encounter with Harry. As usual we timed our arrived with the back end of the dinner service. As we entered, Barbara smiled and waved happily to Harry, who smiled and nodded back, knowingly.
We'd entered into an arrangement with Harry whereupon he would turn a blind eye to Barbara picking up guys in his pub, and in return she'd suck his cock in his office each time we visited. It was a mutually agreeable arrangement, Barbara had no problem agreeing to this -- it was her idea, actually.
There was another familiar face sitting at a table near the toilets.
"Tony!"
We invited him up to the booth in the far corner, which we now knew was in full view of the pub's security cameras. Such was the frequency and variety of Barbara's meetings recently, I struggled at first to remember the detail of our last encounter.
"I've got a treat for you tonight, Tony!" took out her phone, preparing to show this dumbfounded guy, who'd barely strung two words together, the results of our latest photoshoot.
"I have to warn you," she smiled, increasing the temperature even further, "that these pictures are much stronger than the stuff I showed you before. Is that OK?"
Tony nodded quickly. I could place him now. This was the guy who Barbara had spread her legs for, right in this same spot, around four weeks ago. He was the first guy lucky enough to lay eyes on that so recently virginal little hole, in the flesh anyway.
"So, Tony," she started, flicking through the pictures on her phone to find something suitable for the occasion. "Did you have a nice wank, after the last time?" Tony found his voice.
"Did I ever! You've got no idea what you did to me!"
"I think I have," she smiled sexily. "I hope so, anyway. Oh, here you go. I got these for my birthday, aren't they amazing?" She placed her phone on the table and rotated it, so it was facing Tony. Babs was standing in our living room, dressed only in some skimpy white knickers, nothing on top. And in each hand, she was proudly grasping one of the dildos Julia had kindly sent her.
The pictures Tony had seen previously could, at a push, have been considered artistic -- some of them, anyway. But this set was pure filth. Barbara was soon spreading wide and pushing one of the big silicone cocks inside herself, smiling at the camera at all times. The other dildo was always visible, either in her hand or, more often than not, crammed into her mouth as she showed the camera how she dreamed of dealing with two cocks.
As she reached the end of the set, she was ready to move things on.
"I seem to remember, Tony, that last time I said you might get your cock sucked, if we met again."
It was a statement, not a question, but Tony nodded eagerly anyway.
"How about you show us your room? I'll need Dan to come too, to look after me and film what goes on, is that OK?"
It was, and we were soon in Tony's room. Things were so easy, I reflected, for a woman of Barbara's interests. A man in her position could spend his whole life searching in vain for a suitable partner to take part in an indecent liaison like this. Barbara just snapped her fingers, and she had cock almost on demand, it seemed.
It was an identikit budget hotel room. Trouser press and kettle beside a fake wood desk, with a flat screen TV on the wall. Tony took leave to visit the toilet. Whilst he was in there, we heard the shower start.
"Cleaning himself up for me!" Babs giggled. She pulled me close and gave me a long, loving kiss, before whispering in my ear:
"I'm going to let him fuck me, Dan!"
She pulled back to gauge my reaction. She was smiling in delight, almost giggling in excitement. Her eyes glinted and she bit her bottom lip in anticipation. I had a huge tent in my trousers. It wasn't just that she was going to fuck a stranger, although this was enough in itself. It was that she was looking forward to it so very much.
Tony found my girlfriend sitting on the edge of his double bed, perched on his crisp white sheets. She'd taken the liberty of removing her dress, and so was wearing just black hold up stockings and her black high heels, and her matching black bra and pantie set. He didn't notice me casually zipping up my trousers, having spent the time he was in the bathroom fucking Barbara's face.
"I hope you don't mind, Tony, I thought I'd get comfortable." Tony was fresh from the shower and had just the standard hotel issue white towel wrapped around him. Barbara stood and beckoned him over. She gave a little twirl, showing off her tight, sexy body, expensive underwear all that concealed her from him.
She pulled his face towards hers, and I saw her tongue snake into his mouth, flicking around and tangling with his own. His hands started wandering, firstly to cup and squeeze a buttock, before making its way up the front of her body and freeing a nipple. Barbara leaned back and watched on in pleasure as he stooped to slip the rock-hard, tiny pink nipple between his lips, kneading her other breast firmly as he did so.
Meanwhile, his other hand had found its way between my girlfriend's legs, rubbing her pussy firmly through the material of her sheer black panties.
I was taking pictures, moving around them to get good angles, Barbara smiling and giving a little wave or wink when she opened her eyes to survey the scene.
Even through her underwear I could see a sheen of the juice that was oozing from her pussy, so close to becoming unfaithful for the first time. After a minute of two of Tony quietly arousing her, Barbara sat back on the bed, pulling his towel down so that Tony, standing in front of her, was naked. His cock was very erect, and it sprung up and slapped Babs on the underside of the chin.
"Hello!" Babs said in delight. Tony was probably similar in dimensions to me, so a significant upgrade on what Harry had to offer. Without any further ado, Barbara set about sucking this new cock, the third one lucky enough to feel the pleasures of her mouth.
I was snapping away throughout, recording the evidence of my girlfriends first time with a stranger. It felt like a real landmark moment in our relationship. We'd talked about it so much and had been building to it for months now.
Sensing that if she carried on sucking him for much longer, we might not make it as far as intercourse, Babs broke away.
"Will you fuck me, Tony?" she asked him, doe eyed and extraordinarily alluring. As she spoke, she leaned back on one elbow, letting her legs fall apart obscenely. The moistness was evident, and made the sheer material completely see through. Barbara rubbed herself through her panties, loud breathing betraying her intense arousal.
I felt like pushing Tony out of the way and mounting her myself, but that wasn't the plan for today, so I carried on taking pictures of proceedings.
Tony wasn't the talkative type, but he knew what he wanted, which right now was to taste my girlfriend. Her knickers were soon discarded on the floor beside the bed, and her legs draped over his wide shoulders, as he sampled just how wet this little slut could get, tasting her soaking little hole.
This didn't last long, it was very clear that Barbara was more than ready for a cock inside her. She was, since we'd embarked on this immoral little journey of ours, always ready for cock, I'd found. Her dirty mind and imagination were enough to have her permanently wet, and once you added in a situation such as tonight (or most nights, recently) foreplay was fun, but unnecessary.
She handed him a condom of the type we'd test driven a few weeks ago, in preparation for just such a situation as she was in right now. Tony had it on in a flash and soon was nudging his hard, covered dick against her juicy little hole.
Babs was looking down intently, watching as he found the moist entrance and began easing inside slowly, withdrawing slightly and then pushing again, slightly further each time.
"Oh fuck, Dan! He's doing it. He's fucking me!" Her face was a picture -- many pictures, as I continued snapping constantly, recording the final taboo my girlfriend had somehow avoided until today. She was spreading her legs and accepting Tony's cock inside her, watching as it probed into her deeper and deeper.
Soon he was inside her all the way and starting to build up a rhythm. Barbara was enjoying herself to say the least.
"Oh that's fucking nice, Tony. You've got a nice cock, it feels good inside me. Fuck me any way you want, I fucking love it!"
Tony obeyed, pushing Babs onto her side, pulling one leg over his shoulder. Facing the mirrored wardrobe, this gave an extremely graphic view of her juicy cunt hugging his cock as it pistoned in and out of my girlfriend.
"Fucking hell. Look at that!" Barbara moaned, the sight of her infidelity painted loud and clear in the mirrors, the bright, white light of the hotel room ensuring everything was visible. She began to orgasm, and Tony looked like he was going to do the same.
"Don't cum...Oh fuck! Tony! Don't cum in the condom. You can take it off and give it to me, in my face, in my mouth, wherever you like. Don't waste it!"
If Tony wasn't about to cum before, he was now and immediately his cock was bare, the condom discarded. He desperately tried to clamber up the bed to give Barbara what she'd asked for, but he was already shooting his first thick stream of cum up her arm and the side of her neck. He'd taken her a bit by surprise, so she was still lying on her side. So, he just wanked hard into the side of her face, coating it completely in very thick, very white semen.
Barbara turned as the last full burst was shot into the side of her hair, just above her ear. She clamped her lips around Tony's red helmet and smiled as she received a few final spurts into her mouth. His cum dripped down the side of her head, forming a thick, dangling earring that hung from her lobe and slowly edged towards her shoulder.
Tony had finished, but Barbara hadn't, and now she was on her back, two fingers working urgently, a blur across her clit. I knew what she needed.
"I bet you couldn't believe your luck, meeting this one, eh Tony? Look at her! You'll never find a filthier whore in all your life. She fucking loves it, doesn't she? Loves guys looking at her naked, loves getting them hard and letting them do whatever the fuck they want to. She's just a complete slut -- look at her, cum all over her face!"
The wicked smile Babs gave me as I explained just what a whore she was prompted me to continue.
"Most guys have to pay through the nose to get their hands on a whore like this. She loves guys like you looking at her spreading her legs, fingering herself. She's always ready to open her legs for anyone to see her juicy little cunt. She's always ready to let guys wank in her slut face!"
Barbara loved this, and as I knew it would, it pushed her over the edge. She threw her head back in ecstasy and moaned loudly, two fingers pushing deep inside herself, her pelvis thrusting back against her hand as she shook and convulsed. Tony stood and watched appreciatively, and I filmed, deciding moving pictures was a much better way to capture this.
I continued to record as Barbara rolled off the bed and began looking for her clothes, which were strewn over the room. She laughed as she pulled up her soaking knickers and found the used condom nestled inside them.
"Thanks, Tony," she smiled warmly, his semen still shining in one side of her hear and on one shoulder. Tony shrugged. I realised I hadn't heard him utter more than one or two-word sentences in all the time we'd spent with him. But it didn't matter at all, his voice was not high on the list of what he had to offer Babs.
"Next time we can look through the pictures of tonight before we fuck, Tony, that will be fun!" And at that we left him, naked and milked dry by my stunning girlfriend.
"Where are you going?" I hissed at her. I'd assumed we'd be heading straight home via the side exit, but Babs was heading back towards the bar.
"This night is still young!" she giggled. "And I've got a tax to pay."
I realised what she was referring to as soon as we re-entered the bar. It was approaching last orders, and Harry was wiping down the bar. Rather than let me do the honours, Babs strode up to him, her heels clicking on the wooden floor.
As she returned with the drinks, I realised she hadn't cleaned up -- there was still noticeable evidence of her liaison with Tony coating her face and shoulder.
"These are on the house, would you believe?" she smiled as she set our drinks down. Barbara finished hers before mine, and I watched her follow Tony into the back, which conveniently was exactly the route she'd follow to visit the ladies.
After a similar length of time to that which many women might spend in the toilet she returned, licking her lips and grinning at me happily. And as she swallowed my own load after we returned home, she was delighted to be reminded that I was the third different guy that day who'd given her a load of cum.
"That's a record we're going to have fun breaking!" Smiling sweetly, she dozed off to sleep, her hair on one side still matted with Tony's sperm.
Now that particular taboo was broken, and Barbara had been fucked by a stranger, I guess you might expect things to slow down. Far from it, for Barbara it was as if that milestone was a starting pistol.
We continued to visit the hotels and pubs most evenings. The difference was that there were many more repeat appearances, Tony being the first. It became more and more frequent to bump into a familiar face.
Barbara had also invested in a large screen tablet, which she brought with her each evening. The screen was huge in comparison to the phone, and the impact when she brought up the pictures in crystal clear, high resolution on the twelve-inch screen was breathtaking -- especially when showing herself off to a new guy. The only issue was she had to make sure we weren't overlooked, as the screen was so big and clear that you could make any content out from across the room.
Two weeks after her night with Tony, Barbara had fucked a further six guys, and two others had their cocks sucked. She was insatiable, and, I was beginning to worry, totally out of control. All she thought about was when she could get another guy to see her pictures. But the relatively innocent situations she'd manufactured before had now escalated, to the extent that she was disappointed if she didn't get fucked on a meet.
On Sunday I decided to broach the subject. I was torn as, although I was enjoying her behaviour immensely, I really had meant what I'd said a few weeks ago -- I was in love with this girl, and I wanted to be sure she was OK.
She was getting ready for our usual photoshoot. She'd bought some new lingerie which was strewn across our bed, and some sort of leather corset, which she was lacing carefully.
"Hey, Babs. Can I just make sure -- you are OK, aren't you?"
"What do you mean?"
"I mean, you know. Remember when you said about drug addicts, a few weeks ago. I know I told you not to worry then, but... I'm going to be honest. I love seeing just how much you love this stuff. Honestly, I really do. But that analogy, the heroin addict, needing more and more, chasing the same hit. Is that what's happening to you?"
This caused her to pause for thought.
"Shit, Dan. Are you really worried about me? After what you said I thought... I mean I stopped worrying. Do you think I'm out of control?"
"I do a bit. But I'm not sure if it's a bad thing or not. I mean, I've not changed my mind, nothing like that. I love watching you, I love how much you want it. I guess the worry I have is longer term. You hardly ever talk about work anymore, it used to be the only thing on your mind. Is everything all right on that front?"
"It is. I know what you mean as well, I know what I was like before; I had real trouble switching off. The main issue I have now is getting my mind on work, even when I'm there. I'm constantly daydreaming about the next guy, the next cock. But you know what? I've taken my foot off the accelerator, career-wise I mean. I'm probably not going to get a promotion to regional level, or a much bigger school, which was all I thought about before. But it's a decent job, I get well paid, and there's no need for me to be this crazy career woman anymore. I've got other priorities now."
"You've been so... busy recently," Barbara still loved these references to her extra-curricular activity and flashed me a smile at this. "I can't help thinking. What if Harry had a kid at your school? And even though he doesn't, it's hardly unlikely that he finds out what your job is."
"Yeah, I know. Harry I'm not worried about, I think he's quite happy with the arrangement we have."
Barbara had backed up her promise to suck Harry's cock each time she visited his pub on four occasions over the past few weeks.
"OK, sure. But say his wife finds out? Of one of the parents gets wind of it. There would be no second chances, that would be it, end of career. Can you imagine? 'The headmistress meets up with strangers on every weeknight, she fucks three or four different guys every week, while her boyfriend takes pictures.'"
Barbara's expression was unreadable. Putting down the corset onto the bed, she turned away from me. As if I needed reminding, her ass, just a white G-string offering no cover at all, looked incredible, her weight was shifted into one leg, and it was almost winking at me.
Barbara was thinking very hard about what I'd said, that was clear. But she might have been silently accepting that I had a point or deciding that I was a killjoy and that our relationship had run its course. At that point I felt either might have been true. I had a sudden panic. I had no desire for this relationship to end.
"Obviously none of that is news to me," she eventually replied, turning back, still with that indecipherable look in her eyes. "It's quite sobering hearing it out loud like that, though. Part of me -- the largest part, if I'm honest, keeps trying to convince me that it's fine, it's worked so far, so why wouldn't that continue.
"I like being a headmistress," she continued, as if still deciding something. "I'm good at it, all my staff respect me, the kids do really well, and it's a really good job. All things considered; I do think that's really important to me."
Despite the fact that I'd raised the subject, I felt guilty, as if I was the one to burst Barbara's crazy, slutty bubble. She bit her lip and looked up with purpose.
"The thing is, though, when you just said that other bit out loud -- 'I'm a headmistress who flashes strangers and then lets them fuck me and cum in my mouth,' (she was paraphrasing, but it was all true), I just get so wet. We opened the pandora's box, Dan. I couldn't close it now even if I wanted to.
"And I really don't want to anyway, Dan. Just as much as I'm a good headmistress, I feel like I'm a really good slut. Those guys, seeing their faces when they first realise their luck, that I'm showing them my body -- it's not something that most girls will ever experience. And I get that feeling pretty much every day.
"That isn't something that fades over time. Yes, I'm getting quite prolific, that's true. But it's not because I need more and more to get the same feeling, not at all. It gets better each time, the further I go. I'm not chasing diminishing returns, like a drug addict. I'm chasing a feeling that just gets better and better, that never disappoints.
"The feeling when I see the realisation on a guy's face - that I'm going to show them pictures of my tits, my pussy, it's incredible. But it just increases exponentially when they see just what I'm prepared to do -- what I love to do. And that feeling, seeing the pure, unadulterated lust and pleasure as a hard cock starts to go off in my face, in my mouth, feeling their heat, their desire, tasting their ecstasy. I can't turn my back on that."
I'd known this would be a hard conversation, and I suspected Barbara might show some resistance. But I hadn't factored in her complete capitulation, her total surrender to the slut within her. I wondered where we'd be right now if I hadn't flashed Darren that topless picture. I knew it wouldn't be here, where Barbara sat on our bed surrounded by dildos, sexy lingerie and pornography.
"Do you think I'm being crazy, Dan? Do you still want to be with me? Please don't say that you don't! I know I'm a slut, and I know I always will be, now. But I need you, I need to be your slut. I don't know what I'd do without you, now. A girl can't just go out picking up guys on her own, it's not safe!"
"So, that's all you need me for? Just to look after you as you pick up strangers?" I was trying to remain true to my task and retain the high ground. But the submission of my girlfriend to her most immoral desires had me rock hard. I saw that little glint in her eye, she knew I was as bad as her.
"Well, that's definitely one thing. But you are also pretty good with the camera. And you get to fuck me way more than anyone else. I also need you for your dirty mind -- like when you tell me how much you want to fuck my sisters, or my mum!"
She knew what she was doing. If I had any inclination to offer any further resistance, this reminder of her behaviour the other week, where she encouraged me to imagine having sex with her closest family members, would have shattered it. This was underlined as she sank back on the bed and pulled her G-string to one side, parting those delicate little lips with two fingers of one hand and reaching for a dildo with the other.
And that was that. My ill-conceived ideas that Barbara might in some way be struggling with the reality of what her life had become were blown away, the fact that our conversation had led to her posing for even more pictures which would soon enough be used to get another stranger hard told its own story.
Barbara was lost to this life now, one hundred percent, it's all she thought about. From the moment she woke, her mind was consumed with thoughts of strange eyes, hands and bodily fluids in and on her perfect body. I was sure these thoughts filled her dreams too. This was a monster I'd been complicit in creating, so I couldn't profess to be surprised.
I knew many men -- most men -- wouldn't contemplate being in a relationship where the dominating focus is for the girl to continually seek sex with strangers, with no end to the succession of unfamiliar dicks finding their way inside the love of their life.
But, for me, it wasn't even a question. There wasn't a reality where I would be capable of deciding against being with this woman. Even before, I'd considered her quite a catch - so beautiful, vulnerable and funny, we were a great match. But now we'd unlocked her lust, her desires and shared her complete descent into debauchery, I knew this was a one-time deal. I'd never find a girl like this again.
Things continued in much the same way until the Christmas holidays. Despite her insistence that she didn't want to change anything, we did start going a little further afield sometimes, the reasoning being that she'd be less likely to be noticed. But we did still go local often, not least because Barbara liked to keep Harry happy once a week.
I kept track of my girlfriend's activities, and by the holidays she'd been fucked by nine different guys and sucked four new cocks. Any time she was feeling down I knew I could mention this fact and she was on fire again. She adored her role as a complete slut.
I'd remind her that the average number of sexual partners in a lifetime was four, and she'd be away again. She loved it. And, so far, she was managing to combine the two very unrelated roles of headmistress and slut without incident.
After the schools broke up for Christmas, we both had a full two weeks off work. Babs had a plan for that time, which I agreed to immediately.
"I thought we might go down to Bishop's Stortford, and visit Julia," she'd said.
Julia was my favourite person I'd never met. I was sure that she was largely responsible for the simmering, uncontrollable mass of lust my girlfriend had become these days. And I loved it. I was also intrigued to meet this woman. Everything I'd heard about her fascinated me.
She had, apparently, paid her way through university by fucking for money. She had become Barbara's role model over the past few months, the two girls spending hours on the phone together. She was, Barbara said, stunningly beautiful, and she was one of her closest friends, even from prior to Barbara's recent sexual awakening.
The whole dynamic fascinated me, and I couldn't wait to meet Barbara's friend who, from everything I'd heard, was even more of a slut than my girlfriend had become.