Here I was, walking across my porch at 8AM, without a stitch of clothes on. On top of that predicament, I was sporting a raging hard on. Fortunately, my neighborhood was not too busy right at that moment. My new neighbor, Kelly, was following close behind me with my shorts in her hand, wearing running shorts and a sports bra. I slowed to find the house key on my keychain. Dropping my shorts, Kelly put both hands on my bare butt to keep from stumbling over me.
"Sorry, not sorry," she admitted. "Are you going to take all day to get a girl some coffee?"
"Quick as I can," I offered. "But if you keep groping my ass, I might take my time."
"Very funny, mister," she shot back. "Then how much will it distract you if I reach around and play with that cock and balls of yours?"
Kelly then pressed her crotch into my butt and her breasts into my back in a nice warm bear hug. Reaching lower, she sexily wrapped her hands around my cock and hairless balls. I warned her, "I'll just stand right here until you finish and I'll flash the rest of the neighborhood."
"Maybe soon," she deadpanned, "but I don't think you're ready for that dare, just yet."
Successfully unlocking the front door, despite the distractions, we shuffled into the house, semi-spooning, with Kelly still holding my cock and balls. Turning towards her, to close the door, she released my package and I returned the bear hug, trapping my erection between us. Her bare stomach was warm against the underside of my shaft. Even though she had been sweating, her scent was intoxicating. A mixture of strawberry body lotion and her own arousal. Pulling her hat off her head and unthreading her ponytail from the back of it, I threw it to the floor, and I kissed the top of her head. She noticeably inhaled in an aroused, halting breath.
Looking up at me, she softly said, "can a girl get a cup of coffee around here?"
"Are you sure you don't want something else," I countered?
"Patience, big boy! All good things come to those who wait," she whispered.
Taking the hint that I would ultimately be rewarded for slowing my roll, I lowered my embrace, softly squeezed her firm butt cheeks, and said, "one fresh pot of coffee coming up! Follow me to the kitchen."
As we broke our embrace, Kelly lowered her hands and squeezed my butt cheeks, as well. "Lead the way. I want a tour of the house later after you get the pot started. I have a sneaking feeling, I might become a regular visitor."
As I walked toward the kitchen with Kelly close behind, I said, "Sure thing. Oh, did I mention that I run a clothes free option house?"
"No," she replied, as she smacked me on the ass. "It hadn't come up in the brief time we've known each other, but I could have guessed. Give me a little bit of time to get a feel for your intentions, first. Is that OK?"
"No pressure," I replied. "I just hope you feel comfortable enough to take me up on it."
Kelly sat on a bar stool, where she had a clear view of me making the coffee, with my erection occasionally bumping against the granite countertop. She smiled as we briefly made small talk on how we liked our coffee and what, if anything we might eat for breakfast. After I pushed the ON button on the coffee maker, I said, "let me show you around while the coffee is brewing."
Taking her hand, I showed her the rest of the downstairs. Not wanting to press my luck, I motioned upstairs to the bedrooms. As we walked outside thru the French doors overlooking the pool and the fenced in back yard, she commented, "OK, I see where I'm going to work on my all over tan this year!"
"Does that mean you'll be taking me up on the clothing optional household," I cautiously asked?
"I think so," she admitted. "Can we drink our coffee out here while I get more comfortable?"
"You bet," I told her. "Go head and sit at the table, or lounge chair, while I go get our coffee."
Releasing her hand, I made my way back to the kitchen. The coffee was about done. I filled two large mugs with our hot brew. Since we both drank it black, it was an easy fix.
Returning to the back patio, I almost spilled both mugs! In the brief time I was inside, Kelly had taken me up on the clothes free option! My now naked beauty shyly waved to me as she straddled one of the lounge chairs, scooting it to face into the sun. Her running shoes, shorts, and bra neatly stacked on a nearby table.
I sat both our mugs on a small round table beside her chair and moved another lounger parallel to Kelly's with our coffee in between us. She was a sight to behold. She had done some all over tanning already. There was a faint outline of a small string bikini bottom, but the dimples of her butt cheeks had the same copper color as her legs and stomach. Her breasts were firm and fully tanned. Her full B cups were topped with small, brown areola and pencil eraser sized nipples, which were standing out very prominently. Her toned, muscular legs and her flat, tanned stomach came together at a beautiful and shaved pubic mound and labia. Her engorged lips and protruding clitoral hood suggested her own arousal.
As I straddled my own lounger, she reached for my hand. "This is nice," she said. "I hope you don't mind that I made myself at home."
"Not at all," I emphasized. "I'm really glad you did. Welcome to my home and welcome to the neighborhood!"
Releasing my hand, only to then wrap her hand around my softening erection, she replied, "thanks."
With a quick squeeze of my cock, she released me to pick up her mug of coffee. "After we sip and sun a while, I hope we can use that fine gift of a summer sausage you brought along," she said with a wink.
"I think that would be wonderful," I answered. "I was right. You are beautiful."
"So are you," she retorted, "but I didn't have to guess."
We both laughed and then silently sipped our coffee and just enjoyed the moment.
The sun was nice and warm. It was close to 9:00 and I had already had an energetic morning. After finishing the contents of my mug, I quickly nodded off to sleep.
I was brought out of my nap by the wonderful feeling of a morning blow job. As I opened my eyes, they were met with Kelly's bright blue eyes peering up between my legs, her soft warm lips wrapped around my stiffening cock and her hands fondling my balls.
Taking a break long enough to speak, she said, "hey sleepyhead! I got hungry for some summer sausage and knew you wouldn't mind if I helped myself." With that, she guided my manhood back into her warm, waiting mouth.
"You sure know how to bring a guy out of a nap nicely," I said. "You can keep doing that all day, as far as I'm concerned."
"No way," she admonished! "I have someplace else in mind for where this summer sausage might like to be! But first, I thought you might like to taste the taco I brought to the party!"
"You bet, I would," I shot back. "I am sort of hungry. I'm so glad you offered! Are you ready to switch places? I've already shot several loads today, so I think I need to do the neighborly thing and catch you up!"
"You are too kind," she cooed. "That would be just fine. Besides, you've been in the sun on your front for two hours. It's time you got some sun on your back!"
Retreating back to her chair, she placed one foot on the patio on each side of the lounger, opening her womanhood sexily to me to taste.
Growling like an animal, I cat walked on all-4's toward her. Sliding up between her thighs, I kissed and licked my way up from her right knee to just short of her lunchbox. Pausing, I went back to kissing her left inner thigh, from her knee back up toward heaven. After several minutes of my teasing, Kelly's breathing was labored and she was already trembling. I stopped over my prize and inhaled her scent. Her outer labia lips were in full flower. Her inner, redder lips were opening. Her clitoral hood was engorged and her clit was emerging from its hiding place. Her moisture was already flowing out and down over her taint and puckered anus. She smelled wonderful. Pausing to admire her, I blew on her glistening hood and outer lips. Kelly shuttered and grabbed the back of my head. She was ready.
I licked deeply from the bottom of her labia lips, past her clit, and onto her pubic mound, introducing myself to her taste. Several more bottom to top licks and her inner lips were fully opening. Inserting first one, then two fingers into her well lubricated love canal, I concentrated more on lightly licking and nibbling her cute little clit. Her response was immediate and strong! Arching her back to thrust her pussy into my face, she pulled my face in hard to her. "Arggg" was all she could get out as she shuttered and convulsed in a strong orgasm. Her vagina clamped down on my fingers in rhythmical contractions.
After almost a minute, she finally relaxed and released my head. "Oh, holy shit," she whispered. "I haven't had one like that in a long time. I hope I didn't scare the neighbors! Did I suffocate you?"
"I'm fine," I assured her. "I'm so glad you liked it. You taste wonderful, by the way. Are you ready for another one?"
"I am, if it includes you putting that wonderful cock in my cunt," she cooed. "Do I need to do anything to help you?"
"No," I said. "Getting my lover off always gets me excited. See"...pointing between my legs to my full erection.
"Holy fuck," she replied. 'You're going to get all the pussy you want from the girls at the gym with an attitude and cock that reacts like that! Climb aboard, tiger and get your prize!"
Crawling slowly up onto the lounger, I kissed her slowly up her firm, flat stomach, stopping to introduce myself to each cute little nipple and breast. Picking up the back of the lounger, I unlocked the support and fully reclined it. With Kelly laying fully under me, I held her face and kissed her for the first time, resting my body weight on my elbows and grinding the head of my dick into her pubic mound and clit. Her juices quickly lubricated both of our bald sexes and we continued to kiss each other deeply. It's at moments like this that I fully enjoy two shaved partners. With no pubic hair in the way, the feeling of my cock and pubic mound sliding intimately over her cunt and hairless mound is indescribable.
Sensing her labored breathing again, I steadied myself and guided my now well lubricated, and aching cock into her warm, slick, tight folds. She was so wet that I entered her all the way with little resistance. Holding my first thrust in, I rocked in a small circular motion, pressing our two slick, bald pubic mounds together. She came again, almost immediately!
Holding my pressure constant and remaining still until she came down for her second climax in less than 5 minutes, I slowly began pulling out of her depths until just the engorged head of my dick was still in her. Pausing for a moment, I reentered her just as slowly. Repeating my movements, slowly at first, and then more rapidly, Kelly began to find a rhythm with me. Her second wave of cum added more fluids to the fray and we soon began to make noises on each downstroke and withdrawal, bringing a giggle from my partner, which brought a smile to my face.
Having been so sexually active that morning, my stamina impressed even me. We continued our sexual intercourse for at least 10 more minutes. We both were sweating profusely. My balls finally started drawing up and my breathing became labored. "I'm going to cum," I whispered.
"Cum in me," she whispered back. "I want to feel you cum in me!"
That was all I needed to hear. With one last downstroke, I held Kelly tightly and released my first load into her. Convulsing strongly, I pulled out of her slightly and then thrust down with each additional ejaculation, grinding our slick, sweaty pubic mounds together. On my third down thrust and hold, Kelly began her third orgasm. Not as strong as her first two, but strong enough that I felt her love canal contractions with each additional small thrust and hold of my own.
After what seemed like my fifth or six deposit, I simply held her tight, while we both came down from mutual orgasms...a rare occurrence for first time lovers, in my experience.
I began to kiss her forehead softly while she continued to come down.
"Boy, you are a definite keeper," she finally breathlessly whispered. "I'm not sure I want to share you with anybody else at the gym."
After a pause, she corrected herself. "I don't mean that. I know your enjoyment during your journey is what's going to keep you coming back. But maybe we could continue our friends with benefits outside of the gym, if that's OK with you."
"Thank you, Kelly," I said, looking deeply into her eyes. "Maybe someday, but right now, I just wanted to enjoy the attention and possibilities."
"I understand," she said, quietly. "Can we lay here and enjoy the rest of the day? You have a 5 AM show time tomorrow. I want you well rested."
"Sure, we can," I answered.
We laid together until my softening cock plopped out of her. I rolled off her and we spooned and snuggled for a while longer before I got up. "Want to take a quick shower and then a dip in the pool and get all our sweaty efforts off of us?"
"Sure," she said as she smiled that warm glow smile.
We both got up and showered at my outdoor shower by the pool house. We enjoyed exploring each other's bodies as we lathered, rinsed, and dried one another. There is definitely something erotic showering with your lover outside. Afterwards, we laid back down on the loungers and worked on our tans while we talked and flirted.
We went inside around 4 PM, both still naked. I fixed us a light meal. After we ate, I loaned her my robe and I watched as she walked home. When she got to her front door, she opened her robe, dropped it sexily on her front porch, blew me a kiss, and with a dramatic heal pop, she went inside.
I set my alarm for 4:30 AM and went to bed early. I was still naked...and slept like a log.