The Next Day
We slept in the next morning. Surprisingly I woke up first and went down to get us both coffee. When I returned Janice, was awake propped up against the headboard of the bed. She had put her robe on, but it was open enough that you could see that she was still naked, and I had the pleasure of seeing one half of each breast from where the robe did not completely come together. It showed the elliptical outline of both breasts but covered her nipples and any remaining evidence there might have been from the bite marks she inflicted on herself the previous night. I handed a cup of coffee to her, gave her a kiss and said good morning. This was the first that we had spoken since we had both fallen asleep the previous night.
"Interesting evening," I said.
"Yes, very," she responded.
"Did you enjoy yourself last night?" I asked.
She thought for a second and said, "You came a lot last night it dripped out of me all night."
"Well, I am glad for that I certainly relieved some pent-up pressure. Was there anything else you might have enjoyed?" I went on to asked.
"Oh, you mean teasing you while I was on the computer?" She asked as she looked over the top of her cup as she took a sip. "Yes, that was every enjoyable seeing you get so hard and stroking yourself in your chair."
"I am glad you took great pleasure in my discomfort it certainly looked like you were enjoying being told what to do from your friend on the chat line," I continued.
"Oh, that was just an act for you. He meant nothing; he was just a tool." she responded.
"He was just YOUR tool, really, it sure appeared to be the other way around to me." I shot back.
"Good acting that is all it was." she said but not in the most convincing tone.
"Well you won the academy award then because you really got into your character. I especially liked your improvisational techniques when he told you to suck on your nipples. You really had me convinced that you were more than just acting." I responded.
I knew she had lost the upper hand to her chat buddy she just wouldn't admit it. Maybe she was embarrassed by the whole event, maybe she thought I would be mad if she confessed that another man got her that turned on or just maybe she was wondering herself what had happened and didn't know exactly how to feel. Regardless, her responses were on the timid side which left more than enough doubt. Her intent might have been to put on a performance as a dominatrix and act a little slutty for me but somehow Mark got to her and turned the tables on that plan.
Sucking her own tits wasn't even a kink that was on my list of kinks that I imagined her doing. I guess I'll have to update my list because the way she did it was very erotic and sexy. Having her willingly responding to every command that her chat buddy made of her was very hot.
I let it slide for a bit, we turned on the morning news and watched for a while before she broke the silence and asked, "So did you enjoy yourself last night?"
Having just taken a sip of my coffee I had to be careful not to burn myself swallowing. I was surprised by her question as she seemed like she didn't want to continue discussing the events of last evening from my earlier queries.
Composing myself I said, "Yes, very much."
"What did you like most?" she responded.
"Everything I guess but I liked seeing you exposing yourself to another guy, that was exciting. Even though I was there he didn't know it," I said.
"But it wasn't like he could see me I had my mask on." she responded.
"Well it wasn't like Mark's primary focus was on your mask from what I could tell," I said in response.
"I know, but was there anything that specifically turned you on? I mean just in case we might want to do that again. I would want to know so you would be pleased," was her response.
"First I loved the whole idea that you exposed yourself to another guy, but I guess I got most turned on by your acting performance when he appeared to take control and telling you what he wanted you to do." I said. I continued to play into her story that she was only acting and went on to ask, "Was that really the first time you had sucked on your own nipples, did you enjoy it?"
There was a pause in the conversation and then she reluctantly admitted that she had done it once before. There was a guy she was seeing after her divorce that got her to be more open sexually. One night, he asked her to perform for him. He started by getting her to perform a striptease to some music he had put on the CD player. She remembered it was a Joe Cocker song but didn't remember the name.
"You can leave your hat on?" I asked.
"Yes, that was it," she responded.
He then got her to masturbate for him, something she had never do while someone else was watching, and then he asked her to suck on her nipples while she continued to masturbate for him.
Janice and I had several bedroom chats about her sexual evolution after her divorce. She had been relatively conservative in her first marriage and admitted that she thought a lot of things her husband at the time wanted her to do were dirty or disgusting. As it turned out most of the time whatever her husband wanted sexually was all about him. He was demanding in bed and didn't really care about satisfying her needs. As a result, there was no motivation for her to be adventurous since it only meant satisfying him. She never knew it could be any different. She learned after her divorce that didn't have to be the case and once her eyes were opened that sexual pleasure could be a two-way street her perspective began to change.
We talked openly about how she had oral sex performed on her for the first time after her divorce and how much she loved it and then wanted to return the favor by learning to give a satisfying blow job. Previously she only gave her husband head out of obligation and he usually forced her to shallow his cum or he would spray his seed all over her face. She always had to lick him clean before he was completely pleased. But she soon began enjoyed giving and receiving oral sex. The bigger her orgasm was the more enthusiastic her "giving" talents became. We discussed how one guy she was seeing was patient with her showed her what a guy wanted in a blow job and taught her to give great head. I will be forever grateful to that unnamed guy that she was such a great student. Given the level of bedroom chats of this type that we had it took me by surprise that I never heard this story before.
"Well it really looked like you might have enjoyed it and enjoyed doing it for him." I said.
"I guess it was a little turn on for me I have to admit, it wasn't all an act," she confessed.
Now the door was opened a little I asked a few more pointed questions. "What was it that turned you on exposing yourself, sucking on your nipples or having him tell you to do it all?"
"A little of everything, I guess. If I was being truly honest my plan was to dominate whoever I found online and get the maximum tease level I could from you. Somewhere along the line I got into a zone and just went with the flow of the conversation," She said.
"Did you like him telling you what to do?" I asked.
"Yes," was her only response.
"How much?" I asked.
"I don't know it was all wrapped up into the experience I am not sure," was her response.
Now I knew she was conflicted, maybe a little embarrassed and unsure why she let him take control. "Well you did something for him that you have never done for me. Not that I have ever asked but it looked like you complied with his requests pretty easily. How much more would you have done for him, would you have showed him your pussy?" I prodded.
"I don't know, maybe, if he asked," she said.
"You mean if he had told you too?" I went on to ask.
"It wasn't like that. He asked me to do things and I just went along." She said trying to convince me she was in control the entire time.
"That is not exactly how I was hearing it. It sounded a lot like he was telling you what to do instead of asking you. I don't recall him using the word, please," I said, "It sounded a little like what you just told me that had happened the first time you sucked your nipples. Your boyfriend wanted you to masturbate and suck your nipples for him and you did. Was it something you did willingly then? Or did you resist at first only to do it when he pressured you?"
"I don't know maybe a little of both. It wasn't something I hadn't done before," She responded.
"Do you remember getting turned on then as you did last night?" I asked.
"It wasn't that big of a turn on!" she tried to convince me.
"Oh really, when you climbed on top of me you were dripping," I pointed out.
She paused for a moment maybe trying to figure out a way to turn the conversation in another direction. During this pause there was a change in her facial expressions and her eye glanced more towards the sheets on the bed than on me. There was the sudden realization that I was correct she did get very turned on during her "acting performance" last night. Something she did not expect.
She finally looked up and could only muster "I am sorry" as a response.
"No babe, there is nothing to be sorry about," I said as I looked into her eye they were beginning to water. "Why do you think you have to apologize you have done nothing wrong?" I went on to try and comfort her.
"But I did get turned on and maybe, as you said, because he was telling me what to do. I didn't really want to do those things he told me to do I just followed his instructions; I could feel myself getting wet. I thought at first it was because I knew it was turning you on but once I orgasmed, I knew it was something more," she went on to tell me.
"You had an orgasm while sucking on your nipples for him, really?" I said in a surprised voice.
"Yes, that is one of the reasons I am sorry, I didn't mean for it to happen it just did," She responded in a soulful tone.
"Janice, you don't have to be sorry I am not upset. You did this all for me and you got more enjoyment out of it than you thought you would that's all. I already told you how hot you looked last night what you just told me made it even better, look at me." I said while pointing to my very erect member.
"But I had an orgasm for another man, while he was telling me to do sexual things for him what does that make me?" she asked.
"Submissive," was my response.
"Submissive, what do you mean?" she looked confused with the word as she asked, "Aren't submissive people those that get tied up, whipped and lick other people's feet?"
I gave her a big reassuring smile and said, "Well yah, I guess some submissive behavior might go in that direction, but others just need a little push to get outside their comfort zone and I think that is what happened last night."
"But what does that mean, I want to be ordered around?" She asked.
"No, no not like that. It isn't like I can tell you to get down and lick my feet now or do something you wouldn't normally do. You were sexually aroused last night. You knew teasing me would make me happy and you knew I was getting turned on. I mean do you remember how stiff I was throughout your chat?" I asked.
"Yes, you were," She responded.
"Maybe you need to be in the right mood and situation. It isn't like I have ever ordered you to do things for me. Sure, we have played a little bit with each being little dominant, but I don't recall ordering you to do anything you might not want to do. I think alcohol and the occasional joint may have loosened both our inhibitions at times, but it isn't like we both haven't enjoyed the occasional kink or two at those times." I went on to say.
"So why last night with a perfect stranger?" She asked.
"I don't know exactly I have never been demanding in that way because I respect you too much and maybe felt it would be degrading to order you to do things you might have felt crossed the line. You said you did a similar thing with your boyfriend so maybe he was being a little more dominant with you that time." I went on to say trying to help her figure it out.
There was a another pause and she said she had another confession to make. She had been dominated by another guy, but it wasn't with the guy that made her strip and masturbate for him.
She went away on a girl's weekend to Florida, kind of spring break trip, and met a guy in a bar one night. He was with a bunch of guys enjoying a similar type of weekend and her girlfriends were all drinking and dancing with his friends. The guys were a little younger, maybe mid-twenties and she was in her mid-thirties at the time. They were all having a great time and she got dancing with this one guy and things got a little touchy feely as the night progressed. She said it all started during the slow dances. At first, he would move his hand from her lower back onto her butt. When he got no resistance he eventually reached up under her short skirt and rubbed his hand on the bare skin of her ass. She was wearing thong panties which left ample skin to be exposed to him. She said he would rub up against her at times and she could feel his erection under his pants. He continued feeling her up and getting the occasional hand on her tits. She was wearing a very low cut and showed lots of cleavage. That gave him easy access to her tits. During one dance he turned her around and rub his hard dick between the cheeks of her ass. She remembers teasing him and pushed back against him as he reached around and place both hands on each side of her hips and dry fucked her right there on the dance floor. It was shortly after he turned her around and in a very domineering voice told her to feel his hardness through his pants. She remembered it was like she was in remote control and felt she had no choice. She recalled placing her hand on his bulging crotch and did as he requested.
The long story short of it was she ended up going back to her room and her roommate for the weekend ended up with his roommate in his room. She said he was into different things than she was used to and was enjoying her time with him and then he got a little more controlling. At first it was just normal dirty talk. He would say how much he loved feeling her tits or how he enjoyed her sucking his cock but then he started to tell her to do things. At first, she resisted but he must have sensed that he wasn't getting that much resistance, so he continued, and she ended up doing sexual things for him.
This was yet another story she had not told me. I guess it was because she was afraid to tell me. Wanting to know more about what happened I asked, "What type of sexual things did you do for him?"
There was a long pause. I think she was hoping that just calling it "sexual things" would be information enough. "I don't know I had had a lot to drink. I just remember there were things I wasn't used to doing at the time," she said in response.
"Things you hadn't done or just hadn't done very often?" I went on to ask.
"Both," she said.
"Like what, you said you had a lot to drink and such, but you seem to remember that there were things you did? Maybe for the first time. You can't just leave me hanging after you have said this much," I went on to prod.
She knew she had to say something at this point. She opened the door; she didn't have to say anything about this encounter and I never would have known. Maybe it was something she wanted to get off her mind now that the topic was on the table.
"This is all very embarrassing to tell you," she stammered.
"There is nothing to be embarrassed about. It is part of your past you said you had a good time it was just a one-night stand with a guy you obviously were attracted to," I said. "I mean what could you have possibly done that we haven't done together? I know I wasn't the first guy you had sex with and know you must have had some crazy experiences before me. I mean what did he tell you to do lick his ball or maybe his ass?"
"Yes," she blurted out, "And a few other things."
"Well, okay, you got kinky what's wrong with that?" I went on to ask.
"I don't know, I guess it would be one thing if you were who I was with but telling you this just makes me feel like a slut," she went on to say.
"Slutty is okay babe, it was your past you were having a good time with a guy you met. No harm was done right?", I asked.
"No, I guess you are right it was just sex," she responded.
"That's right, kinky sex, but you had fun. What were the other things he had you do? Did he do anything different to you?", I went on to ask.
She looked away from me before she spoke and said, "Yes, after he had me strip naked for him, he asked me to lay on the bed. He then rolled me over on my stomach and asked me spread my legs. I heard him finish undressing and assumed he was going to put his penis inside me from that angle, but he laid down behind me and spread the cheeks of my ass and exposed me," then she paused.
"And?" I said.
"Well no one had ever done this to me," she said with another pause. It was like she wanted me to relieve her of the embarrassment by guessing what she was going to say.
"I get it, you experienced something new tell me," I urged her to continue not letting her off the hook.
"He put his tongue in my asshole," she finally blurted out.
"Was that the first time anyone did that to you, did you enjoy it?" I asked.
"Yes, it was different," she said trying to downplay what it felt like for her.
"Come on, different, did you enjoy what he did?" I asked.
"Yes, I guess," she answered trying not to say too much.
"Well from our experience you seem to enjoy it a lot when I have done it to you. You don't have to be worried I am not going to get upset if you tell me how much you liked it." I went on to say.
"Okay then, he gave me an orgasm. He really knew how to use his tongue. He took his time and let me get used to it," she explained with a more confident tone. "He started to lick around the outside of my hole which you know is very sensitive and then he pulled my cheeks even further apart and began to probe his tongue inside. I remember telling him that it wasn't right, that he shouldn't be doing that, but the feeling was overwhelming. From what it felt like to me it seemed that his tongue must have been six inches long I couldn't get enough. I remember pushing myself into his face trying to get him to probe deeper into me. At some point I lost it and had a huge orgasm."
"Wow, that's quite a story that you have been holding back from me," I said.
"I didn't mean too I mean I love when you do that to me, but I was embarrassed that I have never orgasmed for you like I did that night," she said.
"That's okay it was your first time, a new experience. You let go and enjoyed yourself that's all," I went on to say. "So that was one first, but you said he made you do things for him. I am guessing you had never rimmed a guy before or maybe lick his balls?"
"I didn't know it was called rimming back then but yes that was the first time. It was after he made me orgasm. After I came down from my high, he suggested that I should return the favor. I knew what he wanted but was hoping he wasn't serious. I guess he sensed that and said I could start by washing his balls. Those were his exact words. It wasn't really a request as I remembered it. He got up on his knees while I was still laying on my stomach and positioned himself by my head. I remember he put a hand on the back of my head and pushed me towards him. It wasn't like I hadn't give an enthusiastic blow job or two, even with my ex, that involved licking a guy's balls, but he was expecting more and told me so," she went on to say.
"Go on," I said.
"He was very instructive and demanding of what he wanted me to do. He knew what he wanted. I just went along and followed his demands and licked and suck his balls one at a time and for as long as he wanted," She said.
"So, when did he get you to lick his ass?" I asked impulsively. As much as her ball washing description was intriguing, I knew there was a much naughtier tale to come.
"I am getting to that I promise," she said. "After he was thoroughly satisfied that he was clean he told me to roll over on my back. He then straddled my face and had me continue licking and sucking his balls. He then moved his ass over my face and then told me to use my hands and spread the cheeks of his ass. I knew what was coming and at that point had accepted what I was going to have to do. He said since I was a virgin at ass licking, he would instruct me in the proper methods to pleasure him. I remember smelling his musk. It wasn't unpleasant or at least as bad as I thought it was going to be. He basically had me do what he did to me. I don't know if I was any good but at one point he had me put my hand on his dick, which was very hard, and stroke him as he continued to have me tongue his ass," She said with almost pride in herself for what she had done. "So, I guess I was doing an okay job." She was no longer embarrassed which was likely helped my raging erection that she could obviously see.
"Wow," I said, "That was some experience."
"Do you want to hear the rest? Do you really want to hear the ultimate first experience?" she asked very cocky like.
"Absolutely," I said.
"Well just remember I warned you. I haven't told you this secret for a reason." She said looking for additional confirmation from me to go on.
"I know, don't worry, you can see how excited you have gotten me by what you have told me so far. I can only imagine what else you did at this point," I responded.
"Okay just so you know that I warned you. After what felt like forever, he decided to give me what I was waiting for as he put it. He got off the top of me and had me roll over and get on all fours. He reached around to feel my pussy to find it was soaking wet. He made the comment that he thought was going to have me finger myself to get my pussy wet but that I was obviously enjoying being his slut because I was sloppy wet and ready for him. He got around behind me and plunged himself all the way in me in one stroke," she said.
"You never told me how big he was," I interrupted.
Without missing a beat, she said, "He was a little bigger than you, maybe eight or nine inches and he was a little fatter. I remember losing my breath when he first entered me. He didn't really give me any chance to catch my breath. He grabbed a hand full of my hair and just started riding me hard. He kept calling me his slut and told me to tell him that I loved his cock," She went on to say.
"Did you?" I asked.
"Did I what? She responded almost annoyed.
"Did you tell him you loved his cock?" I responded.
"Of course, I did. After his rough start he got into a rhythm that felt very good and I told him what he wanted to hear because it was true. He was bringing me to another orgasm, and he knew it. He asked me to beg him to get me off and I did. I told him his cock felt wonderful. He asked, fucking wonderful? I said yes it felt fucking wonderful. He fucked me for about twenty minutes, I couldn't believe he hadn't cum yet. I came about halfway through, but it still felt unbelievable. My juices were flowing out of me and down my legs. He reached his hand under me and wiped up some of my juices that were now running down my legs and rubbed them on my ass and asshole. I quickly realized where this was leading but I didn't care. I remember thinking if he is making me feel this good fucking my pussy I wonder what he would feel like in my ass," she went on to describe.
"Had anyone ever taken you in your ass before?" I asked.
"Yes, my ex like to fuck me there every once and a while and there was one other guy who did. None of those experiences lasted very long because they came within seconds of being inside of me and it hurt like hell. I remember girlfriends telling me that once I got used to it was as good as getting fucked in my pussy. I never got to feel that way before, but I knew that night would be different because this guy had more stamina than anyone I had previous been with. I knew he would last long enough for me to know if my girlfriends were telling the truth. I remember encouraging him to get my ass all lubed up for him," she said.
"How so?" trying to stay attentive.
"I remember telling him to get me all sloppy wet for him and to spread my juices all over my ass. He responded by asking me what I wanted him to do. He wanted me to ask him to fuck me in the ass. He continued to call me a slut and told me to tell him what I wanted him to do. I finally granted his request and told him I wanted him to fuck me in the ass. I wanted him to fuck me like no one else had," she continued.
"That's it, babe I want to hear every detail," I said as I had my hand firmly around my cock and began to stroke it.
"Okay then details it will be, she responded, "He eventually pulled out of my pussy. I remember there was a loud popping sound as he did. He then placed his cock between my ass cheeks, and his cock was soaking wet covered with all my juices. He rubbed it up and down the crack between my cheeks and had me asked him several times what I wanted him to do with his cock. I remember finally almost yelling at him at one point to put his big cock in my ass and fuck me. He finally placed the head of his cock at my opening and pushed slightly. I gasped as the head pierce my entrance. He stopped for a second once his head was completely passed my opening. Surprisingly he showed some compassion for my comfort and gave me time to adjust. Once he sensed that I was breathing again he pushed further inside. I was very glad that his cock was so well lubed as I don't remember any friction just pressure as he pushed deeper inside.
He got about halfway in, I think, and he pulled it out almost all the way and then back in. He began to fuck me and with every other stroke or so he went deeper inching his way even further inside. He asked how it felt and was his slut enjoying what she asked for. As I got more comfortable, I told him I did. He wanted me to tell him more and asked him to fuck me deeper. He wanted me to beg him to fuck my ass. With every request he would end it with a thrust deeper inside me. I remember being overcome with a combination of pain and pleasure. No one else had lasted this long I had never experienced those feelings. I remember the pleasure taking control and asking him to fuck me deep. It was then he took another couple of strokes and then made one last push that bottomed him out. I remember the sound of his balls slapping against my ass. He then took over and fucked me hard. Each time there was the slapping sound of his balls against my ass. I remember moaning and telling him to fuck me as hard as he could. I don't remember a time up to that point where I was more turned on and wanted to be pleasured and to please someone else in return."
The details of her encounter were incredible. The descriptions that she was relaying to me were so vivid it was almost like she was reliving the moment. She didn't seem to care that I was listen she was lost in the memory and I didn't dare interrupt her.
"I have no idea how long he pounded his cock into my ass, and I lost all track of time. I was building to another orgasm and didn't want him to let up," she continued to say. "I remember pushing my ass as hard as I could back at him in rhythm with his strokes. I wanted him deeper, I wanted to cum!" she went on to say.
I was stroking my cock almost as hard as she was describing getting fucked in the ass by this guy, a stranger, who picked her just an hour or so earlier.
"It finally happened," she interrupted my thought. "I screamed out OH GOD, OH FUCKING GOD, DAMN, I had an incredible orgasm. I reached between my legs and fingered my pussy as best I could without losing my balance. I wanted it to last forever."
There was a pause and I thought the story was done and said, "Wow babe that was an incredible experience thank you for sharing it."
"There's more," she said in a very low firm tone. "I was embarrassed to tell you this story because of this part of my experience that night. What happened next, I have never done since with anyone including you. Thinking back on it I don't recalled resisting in any way and welcomed it I guess."
I couldn't stay quiet. I was about to explode all over myself and she hasn't even gotten to the ultimate part of her secret encounter. "What the fuck could there have been possibly left to do?" I said in a very loud voice which was only enhanced but that fact that I was stroking myself harder than I could ever remember.
"Well..., he hadn't cum yet," she said. "He had fucked my pussy and now my ass for almost an hour and he hadn't cum. He knew that I obviously had cum once again, for the third time. He fucked my ass for another minute or two and then pulled his dick out of my ass in one quick motion that made me gasped once again as the pressure of his member went away as he existed me. He stood up on the bed and told me to get on my knees and face him. He said he was almost there but needed me to suck him off to finish the job."
"You did Ass-to-Mouth?" I asked in a shocked tone.
"I didn't know that it was called that at the time but yes," she said matter of factly. "I don't even remember thinking at the time that he had just been fucking my ass. I just knew this guy gave me the best orgasm I had ever experience and I wanted to do the same for him. I wrapped my hands around his pussy juice, ass fucked cock and sucked him as best as I knew how. It wasn't lost on him what I was doing and where his cock had just been. He saved some of his dirtiest comments for now. He told me to suck him hard and lick all my stinking ass juices off his cock. He told me that is what filthy sluts do and that I was going to get a mouth full. He told me to stroke him while sucking on him. He put one hand on the back of my head and forced me to take more of him in my mouth. He told me to take it all in and lick it clean. He then put both hands on the back of my head and made me take him all the way in until his balls slapped against the lips of my mouth. I gagged and he let me pull away from him for a second or two and then he forced himself all the way back in again. He continued to call me is slut and that he deserved to get off for all he had done for me. I remember gagging to the point of almost throwing up several times. He laughed when this happened, and it seemed to urge him his nasty talk. At some point I relaxed and let him have his way and he just fucked my face for what seemed like forever. At some point his pace quickened and he started to moan. I then felt his hot stream of cum filling the back of my mouth. I began to gag again, and he told me to swallow it. I shallowed as much as I could, but he came a lot and it was running out of the sides of my mouth. It was at that point that he pulled his dick out and began stroking endless streams of cum all over my face. I had never seen anyone cum as much as he did.
"He said I had been a very good slut. I had cum running out of my mouth and off my face onto my chest and tits. Rather than being disgusted or humiliated I remember being proud that I had finally gotten him off. I looked up at him and wiped some of his cum off my chin with my finger and closed my lips around it and swallowed it. I then laid on my back and rubbed what had dripped onto my chest with both hands coating my tits."
"He got down on his knees and came around to my head and told me to be a good slut and to clean him up. Without hesitation I sucked his cock and balls clean of all his and my juices. When he was once again satisfied that I had done a good job he rolled over and fell asleep. Exhausted I curled up beside him and did the same."
"DAMN!" I said as I exploded all over myself. As I stroked the last bit of pleasure from myself, I asked if she even went to the bathroom to clean up before falling asleep?
"No, he didn't want me too," She explained. "He wanted his slut to sleep covered with his cum. Since I was a very good slut for him, I just laid beside him and didn't wake up until the next morning."
"Was he gone when you woke up?" I asked.
"Not exactly, I think it was ten or eleven the next morning I felt this bulge between my ass cheeks," she went on to say. "He then reached around and grabbed one of my tits and began to massage it as he dry humped me out of my sound sleep. Coming out of my sleep and not really knowing what was going on I was unconsciously pushed back and meeting his thrusts between my ass cheeks. When he knew I was awake he didn't even say good morning or acknowledge anything about the night before. At the time it was a little fuzzy to me anyway. He said he needed relief of his morning wood before he left and said he knew just the right way I could get that done. He then got up from the bed and reached out his hand for mine. He then led me into the bathroom and turned on the shower. He washed every inch of my body and massaged me in all the right places. He then gave me the soap and told me to lather his dick up and get it nice and hard. I did as he requested and thought a hand job was going to do the trip when he turned me around and bent me over and lathered up my ass. He then slipped his cock into my ass once again but with a lot less consideration for my comfort level. It was uncomfortable but not painful. He put his hands on my shoulders and started fucking me. I got more turned on as he bottomed out in me. His balls made a loud slapping sound which echoed in the shower stall as they hit my ass. That sound me turned on even more and I started pushing back. I soon came which must have been heard in the room next door. He didn't let up telling me he was going to leave my ass full of cum before he left. He continued talking dirty to me which only seemed to get him closer to his own orgasm. He soon quickened his pace and it was at that point that I felt his warm load of cum fill my ass. He didn't pull out until the last of him was spent. He sarcastically told me he wouldn't make me clean him up this time and that he hoped I enjoyed our time together."
"What did you say?" I asked while my hand stomach were covered were covered with my cum.
"I said I enjoyed myself very much and leaned over and kissed him," she responded. "He got out a toweled himself off as I watched while washing my hair. He was still slightly hard, and I remember thinking to myself how did that big cock fit inside of me. He had left the bathroom before I had finished and when I went into the room he was gone. He left a note with his phone number which said if I ever get up to Seattle to give him a call."
"Okay." I said, "well that was one hell of a story."
"It wasn't a story it was all true I promise you," she said in a commanding tone.
"That's interesting, do you see the similarities to our fun last night?" I went on to ask.
"I guess," she responded.
"And," I went on to ask.
"They were strangers," she said.
"I don't think it was just that they were strangers as much as it was that you were anonymous. You didn't know them they didn't know you. Maybe you even sensed that being nameless gave you the freedom to be more relaxed and open to new experiences since they didn't know who you were and there was no fear of running into them on the streets the next day." I said.
"But why did I let them tell me what to do?" she went onto ask.
"Maybe that is where the submissive part kicks in. Bizarre as it might sound in those situations your personality or whatever you call it wants to be told what to do. You want to be controlled at some level. It sounds like your first experience was like last night the guy was very confident and knew what he wanted and wasn't going to take no for an answer," I answered.
"That's ridiculous." She said, "why would I do things for strangers that I have never done for you?"
"I don't know my phycology skills only go so far but I have read about it in lots of stories over the years. Mostly of women who cheat on their husbands that are willing to do things with another guy that they would never consider doing with their own husbands. They must feel free to experiment because they can walk away anytime they want," I suggested.
"Maybe, but what does all this mean for us? I love you and really feel bad that I let another guy make me orgasm and in front of you no less," She responded.
"As I said before you have nothing to feel sorry about, I am not mad at all," I tried to say in a comforting voice.
"But weren't you jealous after I told you he made me have an orgasm?" she asked.
"Sure, a little, but it also turned me on as you can see," Pointing down to my once hard member and hand which we now covered with my cum. "Let me ask you something. When you woke up this morning were you happy?"
"I guess," she said.
"When you thought back on the events of last night before we started talking about it were you happy or sad?" I asked.
"I was happy I guess." She responded.
"Happy thinking about the great time you have with Mark and the sex we had?" I asked.
"Yes," she answered.
"Were you excited about having an orgasm while teasing me?" I asked.
"I guess," she said timidly.
"Before our discussion did it ever cross your mind that you wanted to do it again, you know tease me while chatting with another guy online?" I asked.
There was a little pause before she answered that question and she looked down at the sheets maybe feeling a little ashamed and said, "yes."
I said, "Janice we have always said to each other that we would be willing to do anything for each other, especially in bed, as long as we were both on board. I love you and I had a great time last night. It was only made better by your chat with Mark and the things you did for him. I didn't think it could have been more of a turn on for me than it was until you told me you actually had an orgasm. That confirmed that you were just doing it for me. The evening might not have gone the way you thought it was going to go but I think we both enjoyed it and I hope we can do it again real soon."
With that I placed my hand on top of hers and leaned over and kissed her. The quick kiss turned into both of our tongues exploring each other. I then realized that I wasn't the only one that was getting turned on from our discussion. We separated our lips long enough for me to asked if that meant we could do it again. Janice said nothing but then proceeded to push me down onto my back and grabbed her robe in each hand and peeled it off. She knelt down between my legs. She stuck out her tongue and licked the cum from my hand and then off my dick. Cleaning me up was not a common practice for her but somehow after what she had just confessed, I think that was going to change in the future. Eventually her licking turned into sucking and I was soon hard enough for her.
She got up and lowered her very wet pussy in one hard motion that caused a sucking sound to come out from between us. She rode me like she had done the previous night looking into my eyes the entire time. As she quickened her pace riding up and down on my cock she reached with one hand and grabbed her left breast and pushed it up towards her mouth and began licking her erect nipple and then as she felt me beginning to tense from my pending orgasm she started to suck hard and began biting on her nipple which threw me over the edge filling her cavity with my cum. She didn't let up and continued her sucking action as she rode me looking for an orgasm of her own. I remained hard long enough to accomplish this goal just as my cum was beginning to leak from inside her it was combined with her own.