James and I lay back on our bed, basking in the glorious afterglow of our frantic sex.
Teasing the two tradesmen had left me with huge lust and state of arousal. James had just received the benefit, but as sure as eggs are eggs, the two guys will be in for one hell of an afternoon. To help dampen my ardour, I placed my digit finger in my slit and began to slowly run the tip of my finger up and down the shaved opening.
James sat upright and watched me slowly masturbating, coated in oil wearing only my high heels.
I looked at James, my eyes half closed as I began to speed up the movement of my finger. The downstroke of my finger separated my pussylips deliciously, as the up strokes catered for my throbbing clitoris.
James stared at my private sex show as I began to pep things up a little.
"It's going to feel so good having some new cocks sliding in to my tight cunt!" I whispered.
James face flushed as his excitement returned.
"I'll be sitting on a rock hard cock while another one eases its way inside my tight asshole!" I panted arousing myself and tormenting James.
"I will have held my pussylips wide open for them, to look deep inside my sex, to stick their tongues inside my married hole!" I continued tormenting James.
"They will lick my pussy and chew my pussylips, spitting into my hole and treating me like an unfaithful slut!" I purred "I'll encourage them to finger my ass while they do so!"
James swallowed nervously, watching me masturbate and listening to my running commentary.
"Would you like it if one of them licked my pussy while I sucked the other guys cock?" I enquired, whispering in a soft sexy tone.
Opening my legs as wide as possible, I slipped my index finger inside my pussy, stirring my honeypot slowly.
"Maybe these two will be man enough to make my pussy gush!" Tormenting James, knowing how hard he has tried, but failed to make my pussy gush.
"That would so sexy, to have them make me gush uncontrollably!" I sighed "To become a slut sex slave for my dominant bulls!"
James looked at me in suspended belief, hearing his loving wife go into detail of how she wanted two cocks to dominate her sexually. His cock was at full mast now, almost bursting with sheer lust. The gnarled veins were pulsing, as his cock twitched with excitement.
"You're not allowed to fuck me anymore tonight!" I stated "My body is for my two studs to use and abuse as they wish!"
James nodded his head subserviently, then whispered in a begging tone.
"Can I help you select your stripper outfit for tomorrow?" He said in an almost whisper, his head bowed, casting furtive glances whilst I fingered my pussy.
"Yes you can, once you've completed placing the cameras around the lounge. Maybe you should put a few in here. It might feel a little naughty getting fucked in a threesome in our marital bed!"
James shot off the bed, dashing in to his study to collect, GoPros, Digital cameras and anything else with a lens to set up in our lounge and bedroom. I continued rubbing my pussy as James beavered away in our lounge and bedroom.
In less than one hour he returned to our bed with a laptop. Flicking the laptop to on, the screen filled with eight views of our lounge and bedroom. The floor in front of the sofa and the sofa itself dominated the lounge views, whilst the bedroom views were dominated by all four cameras being positioned to catch any activity on the bed.
I looked at the visual display before me, relishing the fact that tomorrow I would be the star of my very own porn movie!
James helped off the bed and smiled as he asked.
"What will you be wearing tomorrow for the guys?"
He grinned a salacious grin waiting for my response.
"What if I wore a high waisted leather look black garter belt, sheer black seamed stockings, quarter cup leather look bra with my black soft leather thigh length boots?" I declared.
"No full bra or panties?" James queried.
"I thought I'd show them the goods immediately, plus they'd be able to touch my breasts and pussy from the word go!" I smiled teasing my husband.
"I thought you were going to do a striptease first?" James questioned.
"Let's be honest here. I'm going to get fucked by the guys so there is no real need for seduction!" I laughed "I may give them a lap dance and take things from there!" I informed James.
"How far are you really going to go?" James asked quizzically.
"I'll parade around in my stripper outfit, teasing the guys and encouraging them to touch and fondle me. I'll get them naked, showing me their hard cocks. I'll stroke their cocks like a proper slut, then I'll suck both of their cocks and get those hard cocks in both of my tight holes!" I said proudly.
"Are you going to let them DP you?" James asked nervously.
"At least twice!" I stated "I know what you guys are like. You're all desperate to fuck a woman in the ass! Even more so if you can fuck someone else' wife in the ass!" I emphasised.
"At least this way they're both guaranteed to fuck my ass!" I smiled knowing my husband was riddled with jealousy. His torment strangely aroused me as I continued.
"I'll be such a cheating slut for them, sucking their cocks, having them fuck all of my holes and unloading their spunk in my mouth and on my tits and face! Screaming at them to fuck me and use me! I want both of them to come inside my holes!" I grinned watching my husband squirm with arousal and torment "So I can show it you when you get home!"
We searched through my lingerie drawer and located my leather look quarter cup bra, which would reveal my nipples to my small audience. The leather look adding a little bit of kinkiness to the situation. My high waisted leather look garter was also placed on the dressing table chair along with an opened pair of Aristoc sheer black seamed stockings.
These are my absolute favourites as they give you a smooth silky feeling on your legs and look divinely slutty. As I was retrieving my soft black leather thigh length boots, James had stumbled across a pair of long opera gloves, which he knew I loved to wear when I was stripping.
I looked at the sexy lingerie draped over my dressing chair and smiled at James.
"Should I wear something on top such as a skirt and blouse or what would you suggest?" I asked genuinely.
"Why not wear that long black see through robe. It will promise so much yet reveal everything!" He smiled.
"James you're a genius! That will make me look such a cheating slut!" I giggled.
We both left the bedroom, with my slut outfit assembled on my dressing chair, waiting to adorn my body tomorrow lunchtime.
We eventually retired to bed, with James constantly nudging his erect cock into my back. I relented eventually and gave him a sensational blow job, swallowing every drop he had to offer.
James eventually fell into a deep slumber, followed shortly by myself.
I was awakened at 7:30 with a piping hot cup of coffee with crisp warm croissant. James dressed and ready for work as he leant over me and gave me a tender loving kiss. I responded to the kiss, slipping my tongue just past his lips, to let him know I was still a slut.
"I've set timers on the cameras to commence at 1:00pm sharp. The batteries should last for 8 hours, and everything is being downloaded to my laptop in the study. If you're feeling really adventurous, you cant watch the stream live if you turn the TV to channel 6!" He smiled.
"Watching it all live? That does sound like what a slut would do!" I giggled.
"Enjoy your day!" James grinned, with what resembled a tent pole poking the front of his trousers.
He left the bedroom, scurried downstairs then left the house for work.
I sat up in bed, totally naked and picked up the coffee from my bedside table. Picking up the TV control I switched the TV to one of the breakfast shows, sipping my coffee and munching on my crisp croissant. Flakes of croissant were dusting my naked breast, as I carefully swept the pastry away from my breast with the palm of my hand. My nipples came to life immediately, reminding me that today I was to return to my former slut life, but this time taking it to the actual unfaithful level.
I lay in bed, lazing and softly stroking my hairless mound for a good hour before I decided to climb out of bed and headed to the shower. Turning on the shower, I climbed in, feeling the warm water splash against my tanned skin.
Picking up a razor, I glided the blades across the flesh of my armpits. On completion of both armpits, I glided the triple blade razor up and down my legs, then moved the razor to my already smooth mound. The blade slid across my hair free mound, like a window cleaner would wipe a window with a squeegee. The shiny smoothness of my mound was emphasised wonderfully due to the area being the only white bit of my body. My tight slit, the centre of attention as I knew she would be later on in the day.
I got out of the shower and gently patted my body dry, with a huge fluffy soft bath towel. I dropped the towel to the floor and looked at my naked slut body in the full length bathroom mirror.
Picking up my cocoa butter, I began to slowly massage the product into my large breasts. Moving down my stomach, I lathered a layer on my mound and stomach, easing my hands round to my buttocks. I ensured my legs, arms and shoulders were coated in the shiny sexy solution, glistening on my soft skin.
I sprayed a couple of bursts of Chanel No 5, allowing the perfume to be absorbed, then walked into my bedroom to prepare for my two guests.
My stomach was fluttering with sexual excitement at what I was about to endure. I planed my leather look garter belt and carter cup bra onto my bed, picking up the packet of Aristoc stockings, carefully opening them. I placed the two silky stockings on the bed, next to the leather look underwear. My thigh length boots were at the foot of the bed, ready to be adorned, fulfilling my signature stripper look.
My see through black lace robe was over the dressing table chair as I ran my hand over the soft sheer fabric. I sat in the chair and glided the silky black seamed stockings over my shiny legs. Placing the high waisted leather look garter belt around my waist, I fastened the waistband, cinching my narrow waist and attached the stockings to the four garter straps. I stood up from the chair ensuring my seams were straight. Placing the quarter cup leather look bra under my full breasts, I fastened the bra at the back, manipulating my breasts fro the best effect. My slut look was taking shape delightfully as I placed my right leg in the black soft leather thigh length boot. With the boot at full length, I slowly closed the zip as the leather encased my calf.
I repeated the process with my left leg then looked at my reflection in the mirror. My exposed breasts, tiny waist and glass smooth mound reflected the essence of slut. My slit was sexily shiny, framed by the erotic lingerie and boots. I completed the look with the black opera gloves also in a leather look material.
My pussy was tingling and fizzing with excitement at the look I had created. I placed my arms through the sleeves of the sheer black see through robe, my lingerie, breasts and pussy clearly visible through the gossamer like material. I looked more of a brothel whore than a slut stripper, but I was pleasantly pleased with my look. The time was 12:30 and my guests would be arriving soon. I poured myself a large glass of white wine, and walked outdoors onto our veranda. There were no neighbours around as I sat at the garden table, draped in my fuck me lingerie, sipping my white wine and smoking a slimline menthol cigarette.
I placed the Menthol cigarette to made up lips, knowing full well that much larger times would be heading for my lips soon enough. My pussy was throbbing with anticipation with what lay ahead. My nipples were proud and erect, tingling with sexual excitement, awaiting to be chewed, licked, twisted and tweaked. I extinguished my cigarette and drank the last drop of my wine when I heard footsteps walking around the side of the house. I recognised the voices of my two tradesmen and sat up excitedly. The two guys walked around the corner and saw me sitting in all of my glory. Both guys whistled approvingly.
"Stand up woman and let the men see their prize!" The older guy smiled confidently.
I stood up from the chair with my sheer see through robe draped over my body. My lingerie, boots, bare breasts and naked pussy were all clearly visible.
"There's not a lot to take off for a striptease!" The young guy smiled.
"Wouldn't you like me to keep some of it on if we're going to party?" I smiled seductively, heading towards the guys for a greeting hug and kiss.
I approached the young guy first, who placed his hands around my waist, pulling me close to him as he planted his lips ver mine and kissed me softly. I glided my tongue in and out of his mouth as his hand grabbed my naked ass. I broke the kiss and headed toward the older guy who smiled confidently as I approached him. His hands slipped inside my robe, one hand on my right breast with the other hand palming my glass smooth mound. My lips covered his own as he gently nibbled my lips. My tongue slipped in his mouth as his index finger slipped inside my slit, wriggling its way deeper inside me. I moaned as his finger pleasured me. The young guy moved closer as I felt his crotch grind into my buttocks.
"Come on guys lets take this inside!" I giggled, sandwiched between my two guests.
The guys moved apart as I walked toward my French doors, leading us into the kitchen. I could feel two sets of horny eyes staring at my lingerie clad frame as I swayed into the kitchen, half turning my head, smiling at the guys to follow me.
Both guys obediently followed me into the house, watching my deliberate sexy walk.
I still did not know the names of the guys and I was doing my utmost to keep it this way. It added to the slutiness of the situation. We arrived in our lounge and I asked both guys the following.
"Would you care for a beer whilst I do my little dance?"
Both guys nodded and I returned to the kitchen to retrieve two cold beers from the fridge.
Returning to the lounge with the cold beers, I rubbed the ice bold bottles over my exposed nipples, announcing their erectness even more so.
Both guys smiled at my little antic as I handed the beers to each guy, with my nipples almost poking through the thin, see through gossamer robe. The guys took a seat in the armchairs, getting themselves comfortable for the forthcoming dance. I clicked the music player on as a pulsing bass throbbed from the speakers. I began to move seductively in rhythm with the music, grinding my hips provocatively.
My huge firm breasts swayed beneath my see through robe, my hips rotating in a figure eight movement, bringing attention to my unveiled shaved slit.
I thrust my hips forward as my robe fell open. I turned my back on the two guys and slipped the robe over my shoulders.
My gyrations continued as the robe slid down my body, gathering on the floor, almost wrapping around the feet of my thigh length boots. I kicked the robe across the room, arched my back and slowly bent over. Placing my hands on my firm buttocks, i squeezed my tanned flesh and began to separate my ass cheeks. My puckered rosebud was stretched and on display as the wetness of my shaved slistedne at the guys. I moved my right hand to my stomach and slowly traced my way down to my smooth slit.
My fingers slid back and forth between my shaved pussylips, as my taloned nails teased my inner labia. I stood upright and turned to face my guests. Both guys were stroking their hard cocks, still entrapped within their trousers.
"Why don't you boys unleash those things and I'll give you both a sexy lap dance!" I grinned salaciously.
Smiling at both guys I watched excitedly as they unzipped their cocks and pulled them from their restraints. Both cock were impressive in length and girth, and both were weeping pre-cum from their domed heads.
"Shall I leave all of this on or do you want me naked?" I smiled holding my right breast and stroking my shaved pussy.
"Leave it all on and be our stripper slut!" the older one smiled with a sexy twinkle in his eye.
I smiled and decided he would the recipient of the first lap dance.
I moved over to his chair and flattened his erect cock onto his stomach. Climbing on to his lap, straddling his thighs, I placed my naked pussy on the shaft of his cock. Sliding my pussy along the shaft, I smiled at him, feeling the pulsating sexual aggression of his throbbing cock.
He smiled back at me, enjoying my simulated sex, twitching his cock as it delighted my outer labia.
"Why don't you play with my nipples? I'm sure they'd love some attention!" I smiled as my mouth moved over his own, kissing him softly. His hands cupped my breasts, his fingers spreading out, teasing my erect nipples perfectly. My pussy slid back and forth, enjoying the sexual heat of his throbbing cock. Electric sexual pulses were tingling in my pussy as I found myself moaning into my guests mouth. I decided my other guest needed some attention, so I climbed off my firsts guest lap, my pussy slightly gaping and glistening from my arousal.
I walked slowly over to my young guest standing facing him. I turned my back to him and slowly ascended on to his lap. His erect cock slid forward, resting on the front of my shaved pussy. I slid my pussylips to the base of his cock, feeling his pubes tickle my exposed asshole. I squirmed slightly then began to slide my pussy back and forth along his impressive length. I remembered the cameras my husband had set up and decided to put a show on. My young guest cupped my breasts, squeezing them gently as his thumb and forefinger began to stretch and twist my erect nipples deliciously.
I leant back toward my young guest, turning my head toward his. I flicked my tongue across his lips as his own tongue met mine and began entwining like mating pythons.
Breaking free from our kiss, I placed my lips at his ear and whispered.
"Would you like to fuck my ass while your friend fucks my pussy?"
The audible gasp was confirmation that he was compliant with my request. He grabbed his cock and eased my ass off his lap.
"I'd give it some lubricant to help you!" I whispered.
He smiled and spat on his hand, rubbing the saliva on the domed head of his angry hard cock.
I positioned my asshole directly over the tip of his cock, easing his length beyond my sphincter, feeling his size stretch my asshole. The searing heat and pain was unbelievably pleasurable.
I smiled at my other guest and beckoned him over. He straddled his friends legs, his cock poisoned at my pussy opening. I held my lips open for him as fed his length into my aroused pussy.
"Oh fuck!" I gasped, feeling the delightful sensations of a cock in each hole. I was experiencing my first double penetration fuck and the sexual pleasure was such, that I knew it would not be my last!
The older guy began a nice rhythm, sliding his cock in and out of my tight wet pussy.
I turned my head to kiss the young guy fucking my ass, feeling his hands squeeze my breasts as his older friend began to bang my pussy. Wrapping my thigh length boots around his waist, I began to push his ass, forcing more of his cock inside me.
I broke free from my kiss desperate for, when I noticed one of the cameras. At that moment a huge orgasm surged through me. My pussy internals oscillating with desire, whilst my anal passage undulated as both cocks pleasured me.
"Fuck me! Make me your whore!" I screamed as my intense orgasm ripped through me.
Both guys kept up the rhythm of their fucking, each cock sliding in and out of my tight holes delectably. I moved my head up toward the older guy as his lips engulfed my own. A passionate kiss ensued as my head began swimming with sexual euphoria.
This was a pleasure I didn't know existed, two cocks stretching me, using me, yet pleasuring more than I thought possible.
"Does your husband know he's married to a dirty cheating fuck slut?" The older guy said, making me moan and tingle simultaneously.
"I wonder if he knows his slut stripper wife fucks other guys while she wears her stripper outfit?" he sniggered.
"He knows I'm a slut!" I panted, relishing the dominant talk from my guest.
"Yeah! But does he know his unfaithful slut is getting fucked up the ass like some cheap skank whore?" he sneered "And that her shaved slut pussy is filled with cock at the same time!"
I groaned with delight as the guys used and verbally abused me, giving me the kind of unfaithful sex I had been craving.
"Fuck me and make me your slut!" I panted "Cum on my face and I'll swallow your spunk!"
Both guys seemed to like this idea as the pace of their thrusting increased dramatically.
The verbal onslaught continued, but this time from both guys.
"We're going to fuck you whenever we want!" the young guy snarled, squeezing my breasts firmly.
"We may even bring a few friends along and gang bang you properly, just like a slut should be fucked!" the older guy whispered.
"Do you want to be our cumslut?" the young one growled, slamming his cock up my ass.
As my orgasm surged through me, I found myself panting.
"Let me be your cum-slut!" As a spray of female ejaculate gushed from my pussy.
"You crave to be a slut!" My elder guest smiled, slamming his cock deep inside my pussy.
"We're going to make you our own personal cum-slut!" He snarled as he twisted my tits with his big manly hands.
"Open your mouth!" He demanded.
Obediently I opened my mouth, turning my head toward his as I panted ferociously.
He placed his right hand on my cheeks and squeezed my face. His lips approached mine and I was expecting a forceful kiss, but instead he spat directly into my mouth and snarled.
"You're a dirty cheating whore!" He grinned as my eyes rolled with blissful sexual pleasure.
He was right. I did want to be a slut and I was a cheating whore. Having the words emphasised and endorsed, thrilled me more than I expected. Being spat on was the ultimate act of slut degradation, with two cocks inside me, pleasuring me and themselves was by far the sexiest thing to ever happen to me. I remembered that James had placed cameras around the room to record the event. I decided to play to the cameras and torment James a little.
"My husband never fucks me this good!" I moaned "Your cocks are so much bigger than his!"
The elder guy who seemed to be the alpha male, laughed then looked me directly in the eye.
"We're going to fuck all of your holes, then leave you drenched in spunk, with a red ass and pussy, with torn and spunk stained stockings. He'll know full well how much of a filthy whore you are when he finds you like that!" He sniggered.
"How will know that?" I queried, panting with my chest heaving.
"Because when we've finished fucking you, we're going to handcuff you to your staircase. You'll be the sight that greets him when he walks through your front door!"
My stomach flipped with excitement on hearing this. My pussy and ass were fizzing excitedly as the two cocks drove harder.
"Yes please! Do that to me!" I moaned excitedly.
My mind filled with the image of James walking through the door to find me still wearing my lingerie with my body and stockings covered in fresh spunk.
"I've a dildo you could place in my pussy when you do that!" I encouraged "It has a suction cup with fake testicles!" I added hoping the guys would do as they said.
"I'll get it after you've fucked me and I'll also bring down some handcuffs!"
The elder guy removed his beautiful cock from my pussy. Holding the base, he looked into my eyes and smiled.
"Turn over now. I want to fuck your ass and he can fuck your pussy!"
I eased off the young guys cock, smiling at the elder guy, I stroked his huge erection then straddled the young as his cock slide effortlessly deep inside my pussy.
I'd hardly landed on his cock, when my elder guest pushed his mushroom head inside my sphincter. A deep moan left my mouth as the searing heat and tightness of their cocks overwhelmed me.
I placed my hands on the shoulders of the young guy, riding both cocks, I arched my back, turning my head toward the elder guy. He leant in, using my breasts as a method of stability.
Twisting my erect nipples, his lips brushed my neck then headed over my cheeks, eventually encompassing my own lips. Our tongues danced like two snakes as both cocks plundered my tight sex holes.
Neither of us would last long as the level of lust we had reached was way off the scale.
The strongest orgasm I'd ever experienced surged through my entire body, making me one enormous erogenous zone. Female ejaculate gushed from my pussy as I rode both cocks, almost fainting with pleasure.
The elder guy grunted
"I want to spunk all over you!"
The younger guy endorsed this sentiment by growling.
"I want to spunk all over you also!"
Both cocks were removed from my holes, and I found myself sprawled out on my sofa, legs akimbo, pussy and asshole gaping as two men began to masturbate over my body.
Spunk splashed on my face, my tits, my stomach, my hair and finally on my stockings.
Both guys began rubbing their spent cocks on my stockings, smearing their spunk into the shear black nylon.
"Suck our cocks clean then lick our balls and asses!" The elder guy ordered.
I smiled, willingly moving to suck both cocks, then tongue their hairy hanging balls, before slithering my tongue toward their assholes. I inserted my tongue in both guys holes, hearing them gasp with pleasure at my invading tongue.
The elder guy smiled contentedly as I stood before both naked guests.
"Next time we come around to fuck you, you can lick our assholes again!" He smiled "Now get your dildo and handcuffs so we can leave a little surprise for your husband!"
I dashed upstairs, returning within seconds, holding a suction cup dildo and silver handcuffs.
The young guy placed the dildo on the third step. I slipped my mouth over the dildo to lubricate it. Turning around I eased myself over the dildo, enjoying the stretching sensations of the phallic toy. The elder guy took my hands and handcuffed me to the balustrade on the staircase. I smiled as he began locking the cuffs, engulfing myself in the subservient pleasure.
He placed the key behind the door and said.
"We'll be back the same time next week, but this time we want a proper striptease!"
The guys opened my front door, walked out of my house but did not close my front door shut.
The feeling of arousal, created by their alpha male mistreatment, pleasing my subservient tendencies and delighting my exhibitionist nature. James would not be home for at least an hour, so I entertained my cum-drenched body by bouncing on the dildo, orgasming continually until James arrived home to find his slut stripper wife totally used and abused.