Still in S.E. Georgia where we'd met Mr.Joe Whuzzit. We were registered and planning on staying at that same campground till the next Sunday afternoon. We'd already made new friends and found some fun strip joints. Actually, with some help, you noticed we finally found the third Strip Club. It was larger and more modern. More dancing girls. More customers. More titties to stare at.
It was bound to happen. Another time, with some coaxing from friendly customers, dancing gals, maybe me, Dollie went on stage at the newer Club. By the time the week was over, she had stripped to her thong panties at all three Clubs.
I suppose the locals loved her because she was new flesh... older than the other gals, different meat to stare at. Dollie could never dance the dance. But just wigglin, jigglin, and fondling herself seemed to satisfy those bikers, rednecks, and me.
But camping out is far more than hanging out in some dark, smoke filled honky-tonk. We alternated by taking drives in the country and walks on the beach. All in all, this was a great week away from the kid.
Okay, the rest of the week did include some dress up surprises. I picked out a few naughty bar hoppin outfits for Dollie. She surprised me at the beach wearing different bikinis, sometimes flashing the sun worshippers. On the plus side, we got flashed back sometimes, and free drinks at the bars. Sexy games can be fun.
-------------------------
We spent the rest of that year talking about how out of control our dress-up game went with Mr. Joe. There were times we couldn't believe what happened and how Dollie was dressed-- undressed-- in those classy places. But we also agreed it was exciting and worth the embarrassment.
Lots of wild sex followed during and after talking about those games! But, would we do it again? I often teased Dollie that I just wanted to drive that fancy Mercedes again.
------------
This next story followed the wild weekend with Mr. Joe Whuzzit.
Friend Dale , next Dress up partner.
We liked our new dress up surprise game of letting someone else choose what Dollie wears and where. We needed another partner. Later that same summer we were spending a few days at a time at our favorite nude beach across the state of Florida.
I may have mentioned our biker-nudist friend Dale. If not, I will tell more later. Since Dale visited us many times already at the nude beach it was pointless to suggest to him about our dress-up surprise games. Hard to dress up and surprise anyone when naked!
But wait, Dale first met us, and often thereafter, at biker bars at bike events. Dollie first attracted Dale when wearing an indecently short pair of skinny crotched shorts. At that time we didn't meet Dale. Dale only met her ass from across the pudding wrestling pit. Funny, he recognized Dollie's ass while at the nude beach much later. Dale is an ass man! Instant friends.
After many years at the nudie beach and bike events, we decided we'd make Dale a DRESS UP SURPRISE partner for bars and bike events. This was no big deal, actually. Dollie nearly always wore very revealing biker teasin clothing already. And she often wore those indecent shorts just to tease Dale. Still, letting Dale choose her clothes might be interesting.
At the time we drove a full sized Chevy van, actually Dollie's closet and dressing room on wheels. It was always full of sexy clothes for all occasions.
During a visit with him, or phone conversation, Dale became our second dress up surprise partner. Dale was looking forward to this chance to show Dollie's ass in public.
Here was the plan. Next time we'd meet Dale at a bike week event Dollie would purposely wear jeans or longer shorts, to make it interesting. We'd go to the van with Dale and he'd pick out something sleazy for her to wear at the biker bar or the outside patio. This changing clothes sometimes happened several different times in the same bar parking lot.
Always Dale's first choice was a tiny, short, narrow crotched pair of shorts. To Dale, the top hardly mattered. He just wanted Dollie's ass and pussy exposed to others and he made sure other guys got some good looks. Often those clothes were what Dollie would have worn anyway. But leting Dale choose added to the excitement.
A few years later, even this got kinkier. Dale discovered several micro-mini skirts in Dollies clothing collection. "Put this on without panties," I remember Dale saying.
After that day, Dale often choose a mini skirt rather than short shorts. It's not like he hadn't seen Dollie's pussy many times at the nude beach. Still, this was in a public place where others got peeks.
Dale loved pulling Dollie's short skirt up to show his friends. He'd get her to spread her legs and sometimes make Dollie spread her pussy lips for his buddies. Dirty ole man! This arrangement was more like my original fantasy dress up game ideas were to be.
Dale remains our dress up surprise partner, although he rarely chooses anything for Dollie to wear anymore. Maybe he forgot. So many of our friends are getting forgetful, I think. Usually Dollie's already lookin sexy when around our biker friends. Or we are at the nude beach.
I suppose we haven't looked for anyone else to play this game because Dollie is already wearing something making her overly exposed. A few camping biker buddies occasionally ask Dollie to put on something special. Most often just for pictures with bikes.
Still, there was Joe for several more years. Stay tuned for 'Where's Joe Whuzzit'?