The Conclusion to the Long Story Short Story. All characters in sexual situations are over 18 years of age.
***
I opened my eyes.
I realised three things in very quick succession:
Firstly, I was in the mall. Weekend crowds surrounded me, talking and laughing amongst themselves or just walking along with their shopping in hand.
Secondly, I couldn't remember why I was in the mall. Or how I got there. Or what I was meant to be doing. I was meant to be finishing up my final year in college the next state over, not standing in my home-town mall.
Thirdly- and, in hindsight, I really should have led with this- I wascompletely naked.
I stood in the centre of the mall, my nipples stiff in the air-conditioned breeze. People around me- women with their babies, groups of teens, old men- walked past me, ignoring the naked young woman in their midst. I moved instinctively to cover myself, hands flying to my breasts and groin...
Only to find that they wouldn't obey me. I felt my hands freeze and then move limply to my sides. I stood, my boobs, my ass, my pussy exposed- and entirely helpless to stop it.
What the hell?
Was this a dream? A weird, vaguely sexual dream? For all its weirdness it didn't feel like a dream. More importantly I knew, on some strange, bone-deep level, that it was real. An embarrassing, humiliating fantasy in the flesh.
There was a piece of paper in my hand, folded up. I opened it up. Written in handwriting that looked[familiar]were the words,
Hello, Tara,
Let's play a little game.
Enjoy being naked in front of all of these people? Enjoy having your slutty little body shown off for their amusement? Well, it gets a lot better. You see, you've been bad- very, very bad. You don't remember precisely what you did but you've gone and upset someone very important.
And now, you're going to be punished.
Do you feel humiliated? Exposed? Well, it's only going to get worse. Because the truth of the matter is, you're a very slutty girl, Tara. And everyone's going to know about it. Every minute you spend in here, you're going to get hotter. Wetter. Needier. And eventually you're going to lose control. And when you do, everyone is going to see you for what you are.
How long before you start touching yourself in public? Begging for people to fuck you? Dragging strangers into alleys or trying to tear off their clothes?
If you want to avoid this fate, then you'll have to find three items and then come to this spot. Each one has its own little puzzle to solve. The first is-What has lots to say but never speaks?Have fun trying to solve these mysteries when you're too horny to think.
You're nothing but a desperate, eager slut, Tara. You know this. I know this. And pretty soon the entire world's going to know this.
Good luck.
***
I crumpled up the paper, utterly horrified. Who was doing this to me? How? What on earth did I- a college senior finishing my degree in business...
Wait, I was in business school? Wasn't I meant to be studying engineering? What had happened there? When did I change courses?
I blinked. I[didn't need to think about that right now]. I could already feel a strange tingling sensation sweep through my body, as though my skin was sensitized. I looked down to see my nipples already stiffening, partly from the air and partly...
I gulped and looked around. The people around me still walked past as though there was absolutely nothing unusual about a naked girl being stuck in the centre of the mall. A group of pimply-faced teenage boys walked past me without a single glance in my direction.
How long would that last, though? How long until people started to notice me, until old woman yelled and shrieked, before children laughed and pointed, before men and teenage boys began to stare at my naked body and-
I gasped, feeling a sudden, urgent heat rise in my core. I suddenly found myself hoping that somehow this still was a dream. Because if it wasn't...
Well then, I was well and trulyfucked.
I looked back at the piece of paper. What has a lot to say but never speaks? At least it seemed easy enough. I folded up the piece of paper and then began to jog towards the mall's one and only bookstore. I wove swiftly past Saturday shoppers, my small tits wobbling as I ran, my bare feet slapping on the ground.
I reached the bookstore in less than a minute and rushed inside. A man stood behind the counter, frowning at me- could he see me? I felt a rush of shock as his eyes settled on me, coupled with a rising arousal-
"Tara?"
I turned to see a red-haired girl with glasses who seemed strangely familiar smiling at me. "Hey. I knew that wouldn't take you very long."
"Um. Do I know you?"
She laughed. "Oh, right. Um, you're not meant to think too hard about that." [And so I didn't.] "Um, here's the first item." She passed something into my hands- a bag. I opened it up to look at something bright and boxy- something that seemed to shift and blur under my eyes. Blinking, I looked away. "What is that?"
"That's your[item].Take it with you when you go."
"Go where?"
"Oh!" the well-dressed girl giggled. "Shit! I completely forgot! I guess [the thing that happened] can't fix everything, right? Here's the next clue! 'Seek out pain willingly to find me.'"
"What does that mean?"
"I can't say," said the girl, turning to survey the bookshelves with renewed interest. "But you might want to figure it out soon! Clock's ticking!"
"Wait!"
She turned back to me. "What is it?"
"Do you know who did this to me?"
"Yup."
"Who? And why?"
"Sorry." She looks serious for a moment. "They made all sorts of threats to me about what would happen if I went and told you..." she shivered and licked her lips. "Then they made a bunch of promises about what would happen if I didn't. So... I promised I wouldn't tell. Even if some of the threats were moreinterestingthan the promises.If you want to know, then you'll have to get to the end of the riddles."
I groaned and turned, walking out of the bookstore. A moment later the heat between my legs flared like a furnace. I bit back a moan, shuddering, my steps faltering.
***
I walked out into the centre of the mall, eyeing the oblivious crowds. When would the effect fail? When the pleasure meant that I couldn't move? When I began to groan? No. Nothing like that. I knew the answer, deep inside me- when Icame. When my pleasure gave out and I began to scream [like a whore]; that's when people would see me, naked and sweaty and panting amongst them,[desperate for cock]. That's when I would lose control.
That's when this strange little dream would turn into an erotic nightmare.
I had to hurry. I felt my nipples stiffen[atop my sexy tits], my skin flush with [slutty] heat. I needed to think. Seek out pain willingly...
The sort of images that flashed through my mind weren't helpful at all. And we definitely didn't have a store likethatin this mall. It was a stupid riddle anyway. Who soughtoutpain? It's not like people went out of their way to punish themselves, after all-
Oh.
I turned and ran down through the mall, feeling every eye drawn to my naked body as I fled; I swear I felt the looks of the people around me as though they were a physical force, brushing up against me, pressing up against my body as I ran. And all the while, the[fire in my pussy burned hotter, brighter].
I reached the mall's gym in record time and looked around. There were a lot of women there, all of them wearing- not much. A lot of them looked familiar-
"Hey, Tara!" said an Asian girl with a body like an Olympic runner. "Over here!"
I ran over to the girl, who stood amidst a gaggle of bright-eyed Amazons. "Um. Hi. Do you have the-"
"Sure!" She held out another package. This one felt soft and [hurt my eyes to look at]. I put it into the carrier bag with the other package while the Asian girl said, "It's so good to see you again! Look, I got a class to teach in a few minutes but I just wanted to say it was great to catch up with you[alone].I'm really looking forward to our little class reunion tonight!"
"Tonight?" I hadn't agreed to go to any party tonight. I[definitely hadn't]so much as talked to anyone from school since I left after[nothing happened].
"Yeah, you- oh, right." She grinned. "Never mind. Now I was meant to tell you something..."
A voluptuous amazon spoke up. "I think it was something to do with the future?"
"Oh. Right. Thanks, Tamika," She smiled at me. "Seek the new beginnings."
"T-thanks." I knew better than to ask what it meant.
I turned to leave and one of the girls said, "So what's it like?"
"What's what like?"
A dozen tightly-clad athletic girls surrounded me. "Ever since[you]left, we've been missing out."
"Missing out?"
A black girl with big muscles and even bigger breasts leant forward. "What's it like? To have[someone]messing with your mind?"
A Hispanic girl like a panther put her hand on my shoulder. "We're all so jealous of you."
All of them gathered around me. "I bet you're full of hidden triggers."
"I bet you're horny right now."
"Want to come into the locker room and talk to us about it?"
I felt the lean, strong female bodies around me and I felt my pussy throb with eager, sudden need. "I- I, um..."
The Asian girl barged the mass of girls out of the way. "Let her go, of else she'll be cumming her brains out in a minute."
"Really?"
"Get going," said the Asian girl. "I'll get these girls started on their classes, and afterwards...well, tonight, you're going to tell useverything."
I nodded mutely, not understanding what any of this meant. Then I ran out of the store.
***
I was halfway along the promenade when my pussy flared with sudden, desperate need. I stumbled and fell to my knees, moaning.
The pulses of pleasure rippled through my body like shockwaves and I bit my lip to stop more [whorish, slutty sounds]escaping my [cocksucking]lips. I blinked and looked around. Surely they saw my [eager naked]body and were staring with [disgust and arousal]...
People glanced at me but there was concern or mild interest in their eyes, not eager want. I sighed, picking myself up, as the heat between my legs turned into a painful ache, sharp and urgent[with the need to be filled with hard, hot cocks].
A hand reached down. "Are you okay?"
I picked myself up and stared at a blonde woman, her eyes full of shock. "Tara?"
"Do I know you?"
"Um. Paula? From school?"
I thought hard. The girl looked familiar but[I was too horny to concentrate]."I can't, um. I'm not sure."
"Okay." She helped me to a bench. "Look, can I help?" Something about the question made me hesitate and she said, "Don't worry. The[thing that happened]is still there."
"What?"
"Look, I just want to thank you for forgiving me for[the thing that happened]before. I'm really using it to make a difference, I swear- things aren't like they are before." She tapped her chest and I realised that she was wearing a charity volunteer shirt. "I'm took a gap year to do some help in Africa- it's been a hell of an eye-opener. And reallyfun."
The way she saidfunmake my[hot wet pussy spasm]but I nodded. "I guess...look, I'm in trouble. Can you help?"
"Can I please?" She suddenly leaned forward, her eyes almost painfully eager. "What can I do?"
"Do you know..." I looked into those eager eyes, my mind suddenly full of all the sort of slutty things I could ask her to do. I swallowed. "Do you where I could 'seek new beginnings?'"
"Um." She paused. "What, is it like a riddle?"
I nodded. She thought for a moment and then said, "What about... the nativity store? Births, new beginnings, that sort of thing."
"Right." I got up. "Thanks. You've been a help."
She bit her lip, eyes hazy. "Really?"
"Yes. Thank you," I said, turning away.
"No," she murmured a little breathlessly, thighs clenching. "Thank you."
***
I ran into the store, my pussy a white-hot cauldron of agonising need.
"Hello!" said two voices in unison. I looked up to see a pair of girls- one willowy and blonde, the other short and butch- smiling at me. The butch girl had a noticeable bump.
I stumbled over to them,[my naked body eager for breeding]."I need- I need to-"
"We know," murmured the blonde woman. "Don't worry. It's almost over."
"You just need to go to the statue in the centre of the mall," said the dusky woman. "That's when it'll happen."
"What?"
Their mouths both twisted into smug, predatory smiles. "You'll get what's coming to you."
"Here," said the butch woman. She passed over another package, this one wrapped up in bright pink colours. "You'll need this."
I looked at their eager expressions and said in desperation, "Can't you help me?"
"We are."
"Why is this happening to me?" I gasped, my body on the cusp of orgasm. "Please, just tell me."
The blonde girl's smile turned into an angelic expression of pity. She took my hands- the skin-to skin contact sending a fresh waves of crippling pleasure- and murmured in my ear, "Because you deserve this."
I stumbled out of the store, my legs weak. I stumbled into people, each touch, each brush of fabric against my hot, sensitive skin making me want to drop to my knees and[masturbate openly, begging for someone- anyone- to fuck me until I screamed]. I mumbled and gasped and shuddered, people moving out of the way as though I was sick or high on drugs.
I reached the plaza. The statue- of some scowling town founder, surrounded by a fountain- stood just a little distance in front of me. But my[cum-thirsty cunt]screamed and my legs[to wrap around whatever man fucked me]trembled and my vision blurred. Weeping, gasping and whimpering, I lurched towards the statue. I felt another massive surge fill me, wiping my thoughts away; a tsunami of need that was going to smash me into a million pieces, until I was nothing more than a[mindless bimbo, unable to do anything as every man in the mall took out their huge throbbing cocks and shoved them into my cunt and my ass and my mouth, spurting their virile cum again and again while their wives and girlfriends laughed and plunged their fingers into their cunts at the sight, my body nothing but a plaything for them, yes, yes, yes-]
Hands on my naked shoulders, white fire blazing on the ends of my nerves, and then a calm male voice murmured, "Cum."
My mind was ripped apart by the pleasure, vanishing in an explosion of extasy. I drifted, mindlessly, on a floating void of joy until at last my orgasm- my utter, total, all-consuming orgasm- slowly receded. I looked up into the eyes of-
Jim?
"Remember."
I looked up, tears streaming from my eyes as I remembered-
***
"Why are we stopping outside of Jim's house?" I said.
Mia said, "It's time."
"Time for what?"
She got out, opened my door and dragged me out of the car. "Time for you to get your head out of your ass and talk to Jim."
"But I-"
"Look honey, everyone is sick of this. I'm sick of this, Gabby's sick of this, your parents and his parents are really fucking sick of this, so as your friends we are officially holding an intervention." She knocked on his front door. Jim's mother opened the door, nodding gravely as I was pushed up the stairs into Jim's room.
I heard voices coming from upstairs. "Look, I thought we were good-"
"Jim," said Gabby's voice. "I like you, babe. A lot. But I'm sick of you mooning over someone else."
"That's not tr-"
I was pushed into the room and he stopped dead, his face going pale.
We all gathered in Jim's room. Mia folded her arms. Gabby looked upset but resolute and Jim's mother looked far too smug. I waved at Jim. "Um. Hi."
"Hi. How've you been?"
"Good."
His mother groaned. "It's been months and this is all you two have to say to each other?"
I looked away. "I don't want to get in the way of-"
"Oh, for fuck's sake," said Gabby. "You're always saying how 'Honesty is the best policy.' Well, why the fuck can't you be honest with him? Or yourself?"
"Look, leave her alone, okay?"
She turned to Jim. "And you- look, you're great. But you're so blatantly in love with someone else that it's pretty much insulting at this point. Everyone sees it! Why can't you two? Just- you two need to talk. Which is why we all dragged her here. So talk."
We stared at each other. I opened my mouth.
And then Sarah burst in the room, pale and trembling. "Jim the erotic mind controller," she said, "I surrender."
***
It was later. Sarah and Gabby had left together, hand in hand. Mia and Jim's mom were downstairs.
"Sorry about Gabby."
"It's okay," he said. "I think she mostly dated me to keep her parents happy, anyway. I guess I have shitty luck with girlfriends."
More silence. I took a deep breath and said, "You think I think you can't be trusted."
"Look, I-"
"I don't think you're untrustworthy. I don't think you're going to do awful things. I don't think you're like that at all, Jim."
"You don't-"
"Ever since you've had these powers, you've used them for good. To make girls' lives better. You've been a saint, Jim. You're just not the sort of guy that'd take advantage of girls. That's not the problem. I'm the problem."
"You're wrong."
"No, I'm the problem because-"
"Of course I've wanted to take advantage of girls!" he yelled.
My mouth clicked shut. Then I said, slowly, "What?"
"You were right! It's been a horrible battle inside, okay? Forcing myself to be good. God, do you have any idea about what sort of depraved ideas I've had? The sorts of weird, kinky fantasies I've wanted to act out? Do you how many times I've nearly...I've nearly..."
"Nearly what?"
He closed his eyes and muttered, "Done things to you. Made you lo-" He swallowed. "You were right about me. I'm so sorry. I don't deserve someone like you."
Silence. Then I said slowly, "What sort of things."
"Things...you would hate me if I told you."
"Are you sure about that?"
He opened his eyes and looked at me. He murmured, "What do you mean?"
"Jim," I said, trembling so hard that my hands shook, "I consent- I consent to letting you make me be honest with you. Like with Tracey. To make me tell you everything...everything that I want you to..." I looked away. "Hurry."
"Are you sure you trust me?"
"I'll always trust you," I said. "And- honesty is the best policy. Right?"
I closed my eyes. I felt Jim take my hand. I felt something inside my mind shift, as though a wall had gently vanished into nothing, without trouble or fuss.
And then he began to ask me questions. And I gave answers. I told him- trembling, terrified with every word that he'd reject me- about all the things I wanted him to do to me.
And after I was done, he took me by the hand and told me about all the things he wanted to do to me. Hot things. Naughty things. Sexy things.
And...and just like that, everything was okay.
***
And we spent a very fun summer together, experimenting with all the wonderful things he could make me do; with him or with others. By the time college started we were inseparable. It was easy enough for me to switch campuses so that the two of us could be together.
Our sex play turned into something more serious during that first year; our reputation meant that we had people regularly knocking on our door, looking to improve their grades or track times or just spice up their love lives. At some point we decided to start charging for our services.
We made alotof money that way, enough that he changed his degree to psychotherapy and I changed mine to business to prepare for the hypno-therapy practice we were going to open when we finished college. It turns out honesty reallyisthe best policy, especially when it comes to long-term financial gains.
Of course we still had plenty of fun in the meantime, like our Valentines day gender-swapped orgy, or the Easter Morning orgasm Hunt, or the weekend where we played out the entirety of the plot of the original Star Wars trilogy as a decidedly more incestuous Luke and Leia. Days like today in fact...
I smiled up at Jim. "I can't believe you agreed to this."
"You wanted something special for your graduation celebration," he said, helping me up. "You weren't too frightened?"
I looked down at my body (clothed, it had always been clothed- thanks, Moesha you lovely nudist for the idea)- and purred, "Just frightened enough. How did you get the others to go along with it?"
"You kidding? I couldn't keep them away. They're coming to the party tonight, you know." He drew out small notebook, filled with a list of some sort. I read a handful of the entries over his shoulder:
Innocent virgin girl seduced by Wicked Priest (ticked)
Innocent virgin boy seduced by Wicked Nun (ticked)
Queen filled with sudden lust for Slave-boy
The Princess and the Knight (ticked)
The Princess and the Orc Barbarian
The Princess and the Knight and the Orc Barbarian and maybe a Horny Amazon? All at the same time
Jasmine and Aladdin naughty carpet ride (ticked)
Snow White and the Seven Black Guys (ticked)
Strapped to a Brainwashing Machine.
Pleasure Drone 69 has a malfunction (ticked)
Werewolf chasing me through forest
Everything all over again, but IN SPACE
Naked in the Mall.
(Yes, I'd written out the list. Yes, I'd been naked and tranced at the time, one hand between my leg as I wrote).
He carefully placed a tick next toNaked in the Malland smiled at me. "So, ready for dinner with my mom?"
"Sure," I murmured happily. "Shall we tell her the good news yet?" I looked down at the collection of gifts- a book entitledWhat to expect when you're expecting, a sports maternity outfit and a maternity dress. I touched my still-flat stomach and pondered the future we had ahead of us.
"Hmm. Assuming she won't figure it out the moment we walk through the door- maybe we delay just for a bit?"
"Well you know," I said, leading him out of the mall, "honesty is the best policy." I paused. "Actually, want to try out another fantasy?"
"What sort of fantasy?"
"The fantasy where I blow you in the mall toilets because you made metoo horny to thinkthrough erotic mind control."
"I don't remember you writing that one down," he said, frowning.
"It's new." I grabbed his collar and hauled him off. "You can add it afterwards."
Long story short, that's how my fiancé and I got arrested for public indecency.
(I got him to use mind control to get us out of it. So sue me.)