"Here I go again. After another week to ponder over everything that's happened. I'm more relaxed than I was about sex. More so that my Mom hasn't disowned me yet. Let's hope that day never comes. Do I feel badly letting her man fuck me? Yes of course. Will I ruin her relationship? Not intentionally, hopefully never. My future stepdad David has kept his distance and his word. So have I. The only bad thing about what happened last weekend after David's sons tag teamed me is that they have become clingy, in the sense of wanting me to take pictures of myself to send them in college. Now I send them one a day just for kicks. They love it. I love it."
"As long as Mom never finds out Ill keep doing it. My other guy friends get the same pictures for now. I haven't accepted any dates yet but I keep them wanting me for sure. I think I'm a little gun shy after last weekend. I hadn't expected sex at all. Who knew my Mom's boyfriend would go as far as he did. I certainly didn't. At best I figured my teasing would make him run to his room and just have a talk with me about it later. I pushed him too hard. I paid for it in spades."
"David's sons? Even they surprised me. I guess they've wanted me more than their teasing me let on. Either that or they couldn't resist me. I know I'm sexy as hell. LOL."
"Who knows what the future holds with the family here. I guess you and I will learn together. The way Brad and Troy are acting it's probably a safe bet they will want me again. I think David might keep things few and far between, but not his sons. I might have to find ways to keep my distance from them. Maybe take on a second job, or go on a date. I know dating needs to be addressed, I'm being asked out by every guy from the mall scene. I'm still putting Jamie off and it's not fair to him. I'm just afraid he's going to want a relationship. I'm not ready for that. I'm exploring myself. Learning a serious guy let alone being faithful is another. I could probably be dedicated to one guy but I'm liking this teasing too much to give it up already. Maybe I'm a glutton for punishment. For now though, I want the punishment to be toward guys who want me so bad they go insane. LOL. Come on I want guys to masturbate for me. I'll do that for them. The mall proved I can do it."
"Being naked in such a busy place was really stupid, but the amount of guys protecting me made it easy and worth the risk. Once it started there was no turning back. I had to do it. As much for me as for them. After texting all of these guys I wonder if I can get them to all jerk off for me at once? LOL. I can dream. I'll keep that mission in mind."
"This week I accepted some overtime at work. I need the money to go shopping again. LOL. Maybe I'll go to a different mall next time and see what develops. Change of scenery meant new guys. I could probably use a toy too. I've never owned a vibrator, let alone been to an adult bookstore. It's time I think. I can only imagine how good that must feel. It's all been fingers for me. I know my Mom has a rabbit I think it's called. I've been tempted to borrow it but ewww, it's been inside my Mother. Nada!"
"I have a hunch I could get guys to buy me anything I could ever want. I concluded recently that there is no reason not to accept gifts when I'm letting guys get away with murder. Sadly I wish that also meant my future stepbrothers who seem intent on enslaving my ass, now that I've let them fuck me. Enslave is probably too strong of a word but it feels like it when they demand pictures. Getting them to buy me things would mean getting money from their dad David. I can't do that to David. He's good to me."
"My job at the Park District keeps me outdoors. I go to parks with a crew and plant flowers and trees. Some of us mow, pull weeds, or rake leaves in the fall. Picking up garbage the worst. There's also some painting on occasion."
"Normally they assign teams to accomplish certain things. Yesterday I planted flowers and watered them. It gave me time to think about not just the last couple weeks, but what kind of crazy teasing adventures I could get into another time. Last night in bed I began planning something for the next day at work. If I hated my job so I figured if they fired me it would be a blessing. I didn't really want to quit unless I had another job to fall back on. My occasional babysitting for Jay and Mandy Briggs was only a few hours once a week. Bus fare and fast food."
"Anyway for awhile now I've pitched the idea of new uniforms for the park district. A blatant no ever time I suggested it. It was fun making my boss Brent stir crazy. Brent is a 30 something and kind of cute. Married with kids, but he still drools over me. That's mainly why I don't tease him too terribly hard. After the mall it's been weighing on my mind that I should just say to heck with it and tease Brent more. This might be ego on my part, but truthfully I don't think he would fire me for any reason. I guess I'll find out. I'll tell you my plan shortly."
"Today I'm on trash detail. They never tell us until the start of our work day to avoid call offs. Sucks to be me. The only consolation is I'm the only girl working with four guys. Guys that flirt with me constantly. Most of them are good looking. A few nerds for a better word. Those guys follow me like lost puppies. I tease them in small does just to keep them on a leash. Blown kisses, winks, a pat on my own butt, things like that. The most I've done toward any of that bunch is lift my t-shirt up to wipe sweat off my face and let them see my belly button up to the lowest part of my bra."
"The cuter guys I taunt more. I love brushing up against their backs letting my tits slide over their shoulder blades. That or bend over when we're working closely with my butt inches from their faces. I've went so far as to turn around and accidently put my face in a crotch. Danny Haynes bragged about that one. It wasn't an accident. LOL."
"I can't say the job doesn't have it's moments. We have golf carts that we ride on in the really big parks. Those can be fun when we goof off."
"As I said our uniforms stink. Our attire is a green t-shirt with ugly tan shorts that go to our knees. Nothing to feel sexy in believe me. Of course going braless helps. I did that twice. I might again here soon. The breeze some days bring out my nipples to show off to the guys. Flirting gets pretty raunchy at times with the hotter guys. Usually that's only when I'm the only girl, then it gets horrible. When paired with girls it's all work. So not fun.'
"Knowing I take my bra off makes them crazy wanting to see my tits. I've never shown them off. Up until now I haven't gone that far. My teasing limited to the nipple action and bending over a lot. I've suggested we go swimming in the parks where there are man made lakes. So far though we haven't done that even. Boys can be weak. So I don't really try that hard."
"Today I think I will."
"As Brent assigned his crews and directed them toward which parks we would be working in we all stood around groaning at the morning. None of us ever got a good nights sleep. LOL. Some party too hard. Others study. Me? I text my flock of sheep. LOL. Once people knew where they were headed it became to get supplies, tools and the like. Brent went back to his office in the main building. Now was my time to test my theory of if he would fire me. I made sure nobody else was with him, nor following me and headed to his office. Knocking on his door jam I stood facing him all innocent looking. I asked Brent if I could talk to him. Good boss that he is he smiled and said sure. I stepped inside and closed his door to prevent interference. Of course he asked if it was private since I had done that. I warned him that it was."
"After asking me what's up I brought up the uniform changes. He rolled his eyes scowling at me. I told him at least take a look at my ideas. He shook his head and caved with a grumbling FINE!"
Moving to the right side of his desk where there was plenty of room I swiftly pulled my t-shirt over my head. His eyes bulged seeing me in a green lacey bra. Most of the bra was see through. He sat back covering his eyes and asked gruffly what I was doing?"
"Easy enough, I said these uniforms are cooler and that it's hot outside. I cast my shirt on his desk then unfastened my shorts and dropped him to my tennis shoes. My panties were also green. A matching G-string thong with the bands between my ass cheeks. He refused to look at me even when I goaded him into laughing. He couldn't help but look up and check me out. See? Of course the uniform might not fit the boys but the girls would rock in them."
"Brent puffed his cheeks as I turned and showed him my ass. Shaking his head he didn't yell at me, but did insist I get dressed. I asked him if he would think about it, knowing he would. What man wouldn't? Inevitably I put my clothes on. Once dressed I asked him if I was fired. He shook his head winking at me. NOPE! I was so right. With that I told him I was going to wear my new uniform today on duty. He said under the old one. I stuck my tongue out at him and said Fire me then. Another NOPE! Just for that I'm going to do whatever I wanted to. Challenge accepted."
"Knowing Brent would never fire me I suddenly didn't see any reason to not tease my crew. A good crew today made this shift ll that much brighter. Today I had Danny Haynes the guy I flirted with a lot, vice versa. Kevin Barstow a tall thin guy two years older than me, he was probably the shiest of the four in my crew. He would look and laugh but rarely flirt back."
"Cory Evans was about my height with light brown hair and big brown eyes. He's awesome with a great sense of humor. What makes him stand out is he likes to get high and listens to heavy metal. That and as much as he tries to grow a goatee its just fuzz. Poor guy. LOL."
"Lastly, is Miguel Ramos. He's a legal citizen before you stereotype him. His family has been here for six years I think. He's the oldest of the four at 23. Miguel is the guy who is crazy with the water hose. Too bad we're picking up trash today. I feel like a shower. LOL."
"I'm going to start off slow and build toward the bra and panties. I want to egg these guys on and see if they beg me to strip. If they dare me I'm turning the tables on them. If I lose my shirt, they lose their shirt. Same for our shorts. They join me or I don't...dang it that's no fun. I still want to strip down to my bra and panties even if they don't bite on my counter dare."
"We're going to the largest park in Indy today. It has 3 manmade lakes with paddleboats and canoe rentals. A suspension bridge over part of the lake is really nice. There's also bike trails, and lots of picnic areas. While there's no holiday to pack the park there should be quite a few people walking around. Who knows they might enjoy my show. LOL."
"Our driver is a guy named Waylon. He's African American who's been with the Park District forever. Certainly way before my time here. I've only been here 2 and a half years as I started the summer between my junior and senior year. Back then I was nothing like I am now. When I first got hired I wasn't as developed as I am now. I do owe the job for helping me maintain my hot body. Pay it forward I say. LOL."
"After attaching a hitched flatbed trailer with out golf cart transport Waylon drove the six of us in the crew truck. Miguel sat up front with him. That left Danny, Kevin, Cory, and myself in the backseat. You guessed it, I got the laps. Not that I had any complaints and you know as well as I that guys don't sit in the laps of other guys. Unless they're...into guys. I obviously chose Danny being the hottest and most prone to flirt hard. Through him the others would open up."
"Once the guys piled in I had to crawl across them to reach Danny. Me being intentionally clumsy fell into Cory face first. His hands leaped into defensive mode and caught my fall, his left hand touching my tit while his right hand grabbed my waist. I huffed and told him to watch it Buddy. Kevin trying to help held my ass. Big help Kev. Once I regained my balance Danny yanked me over into his lap. I squealed and began laughing as I settled in on his lap."
"Miguel turning in his seat watched as I got manhandled. Danny's arms circled my waist saying he was my seatbelt. Everyone laughed at each other, it was fun and games until we reached the park. Luckily Waylon had his iPod playing and didn't care what was going on. I did notice him watching us in the rearview mirror but he didn't say a word. He was slick that way. In the thirty minutes it took to get around Indy I was groped by Danny numerous times, each time I pushed his hands away telling him to stop. He knew by my laugh that I didn't truly want that."
"Kevin rubbed my leg most of the trip too. Moving under my shorts on occasion. The legs were wide cut to give us breathing room. They looked silly but sure made it roomy enough for sneaky hands. LOL. I merely enticed them by hopping up and down on Danny. In the time it took to reach the park I had gone from lap to lap goofing off and saying I was practicing my lap dancing for when I got my job as a stripper. They joked about me taking my clothes off. I told them maybe with an evil grin. Of course, they didn't believe me. After today they might never doubt me again. Cue devious laughter."
"As I had predicted not many people were there but the morning was still young. We unloaded our golf cart and Waylon sent us on our way. Danny, Kevin, and I rode in the cart toward the back side of the park down the asphalt roadway. This area had the most picnic areas with tables that were covered by shingled awnings. Our goal there was to scour the grassy area and pick up discarded garbage. So many people didn't care where they tossed things. Beer cans were everywhere. Danny stuck fairly close to me but at enough distance to not make me feel as if he were smothering me. Not that I would have thought that. LOL. Still after an hour of filling our shoulder bags full of trash we would convene to a garbage can next to the I guess you would call them a gazebo. There we would wipe our sweaty brows and compare misery stories. I began my taunting there."
"Lifting my t-shirt up by the bottom hem to wipe my face I offered a full belly shot. Raising my shirt up to reveal the very bottoms of my bra cups. Danny and Kevin both chuckled saying it just got hotter out here now that I showed off some skin. I told them they were silly and patted my belly. Frowning I told them my pants were too tight. From there Danny took my cue and stepped closer and took a huge risk in unbuttoning my shorts. I dropped my jaw with a feigned expression of awe. As soon as they thought I might button back up they both did the same thing to me as I had them. Lifting their own shirts up to soak up unwanted sweat from their necks and face. I told them if I had to leave my button undone so did they. I started with Kevin catching him off guard and unfastening his button. He bulged his eyes as I beguiled him with a cheesy grin."
"Danny I took it further and unfastened his belt before the button. Patting his belly as he had mine I chose to rub the hair over his abs. Danny was pretty hairy. Kind of sexy really. As he glared down at me I taunted him as if I were going for his pants zipper too. As my fingers pinched it he dared me to lower it. Chuckling I didn't back down and did it. I realized he wore boxers at that moment. Making fun over them he told me it was my turn."
"What? I backed up giggling. Kevin was behind me keeping me from backing up further. As Danny advanced I squealed and let him reach in and unzip my pants. My green undies were seen. Kevin quickly moved around me to get his own eye full. I reminded them we had a job to do but did tell them I think we would be cooler if we left them unzipped. Danny agreed as I turned to Kevin and coaxed his zipper down too. Briefs on this boy. He turned beet red as I walked away to refill my bag, leaving them speechless. I expected them to zip up but no...they surprised me."
"Do you know how hard it is to keep pants up when unzipped? LOL! I had an easier time than they did. It was hilarious. I will give them credit as much as they laughed over our awkwardness they kept those shorts on while continuing to pick up trash. Anytime people taking morning walks came through on a dirt path everyone just turned away from them. So far only couples enjoying their morning exercise, or walking their dog. When the coast appeared clear I would let my shorts slip lower in back and shuffle toward my trash pickup. Both Danny and Kevin saw my panties from behind including what little of my butt crack was shining over them. They loved it when I bent over, that meant slippage on my hips. My pants were only held up by my butt cheeks at that point as they were well rounded and tight."
"After heading back a second time to empty our pouches they refused to stop laughing saying they've had enough. I told them, no I begged them to change their minds and take the risk. Nobody had seen us and there wasn't that many people out today. We should take advantage of it right? They grew hesitant until I decided to tie my t-shirt up over my belly into a knot. As high as the material allowed. Of course the guys couldn't nor wouldn't be caught dead doing that. So I suggested they just take their shirts off. Seeing their reluctance I just had to get their imaginations going. Choosing Kevin first being the less bold of the two I wiggled over to him and grabbed the hemline of his t-shirt and ran my hands under it. My palms pressed against his abdomen I slid my hands along his flesh all the way up to his shoulders. In doing this his shirt rose up at the encouragement of my arms. As I lingered there holding his shoulders I asked him if that wasn't much cooler?"
"I could feel Kevin trembling at my touch even as I cast a playful glance toward Danny. Danny knew one thing. He wanted my hands to do the exact same thing to him. I told him to wait his turn. LOL! Finally, Kevin broke down and removed his shirt. I kept my palms pressed against him until it was removed and held in his hands. I admired his chest and let my hands lower to explore his chest contours. Just hearing him sigh made me wet. I decided to add a single touch to my act. I stood on my toes and gave him a peck on the cheek whispering I was proud of him. With a beguiling smile I nodded toward Danny reminding Kevin that our partner was waiting impatiently. Feigning a shiver at having touched Kevin so sensually I peeled my palms from him. Just that confidence boost kept Kevin's shirt off as he slung it over his shoulder."
"Stalking toward Danny he grew smug and joked for me to be gentle. I didn't reply, only shook my head negatively. My crystal blue eyes sparkle when I'm mischievous so that added chemistry toward my undressing Danny. The second my fingers tangled amid his body hair I had tingling sensations all over my body. This guy kept in shape. I took my time sliding my palms upward. I let him know I was enjoying this with low volume spoken Mmmms. Every other advance north I recited that mumble. It made him growl at me. I spent a moment deviating to offer circular motions around his pecs. They came alive at my gestures. So were mine."
"Finally, I gave in to the heebie-jeebies and quaked all over with eyes flaring. Goosebumps I told him. Kevin was slightly jealous that I spent longer coaxing Danny than him. After a bit of assistance Danny lost his shirt. Once off I eased up on my toes to offer him the same peck on the cheek. Danny wrapped an arm around my waist and held my chest against his abs. Intercepting my peck he kissed me full on the lips. I was blown away. So unexpected. Our kiss lingered a bit until I patted his chest trying to ease away without him feeling rejected. Once our lips parted I let out a WOW! and fanned myself feigning a blush."
"Looking back at Kevin I noted a disappointment in his eyes. Without a sympathy AWWW! to make him feel as if I were only doing this because Danny took control, I returned to Kevin and pulled him down for a kiss on the lips that I found quite enjoyable. The gum in his mouth helped his breath, unlike dreamboat Danny. Not to say Danny's was awful just not as juicy fruit. LOL!"
"Freeing myself with another round of fluttering fingers I told them both that my body was trembling over their kisses. Danny offered more but instead I shocked them. I removed my over the shoulder pouch to untie my knot and sensually removed my own shirt. Once my sight evaded the material I saw both boys staring hard at my tits. My green bra was pretty much transparent except over my areolas. Sighing loudly at a cool breeze attacking my skin I know my nipples grew nice and stiff beneath the thin padding of the bra. Tiny bulging protrusions let them know it too. I told them it was only fair that I lose my shirt too. After all from a distance people might just think I was wearing a bikini top. Unless we were face to face that is."
"Danny had to push it though. Trying to give me a that's not really fair. You still have something covering your chest he implied as if that was wrong. I wanted to go topless but I did know people would definitely notice me. The guys without shirts seemed natural. A girl without a shirt was taboo. God I love that word. TABOO! It meant go for it in my vocab. LOL! I told them to let me think about it and tossed my shirt on a picnic table by our chosen garbage receptacle. They left their shirts too."
"I led us back to work wiggling my ass at them. The wiggle didn't help my pants remain as high up on my hips as they were maintaining. Both of them whistled at me making me giggle and tell them to get busy. Try telling guys with a hard on to pickup trash. Wow! That sounded rather expectant. Was I the trash now? LOL! I don't consider myself trashy but again my teasing can be observed as such. I think I'm actually alright with that. LOL!"
"For the next twenty minutes we covered quite a large portion of the area. Keeping our shirts in sight as well as watching for bystanders. Bicyclists along the dirt path coming at us spotted me. Both guys I waved. They returned my friendly gesture with a thumbs up of approval. Neither would be trouble I surmised and waved even harder letting my tits shake about. Danny and Kevin had both turned their backs to the bicyclists to avoid their unzipped shorts being seen. That gave me the center of attention. In a bold move I turned my back to the bikers and pried my shorts over my ass cheeks and offered a half moon. My panties still on was hardly more than a bikini show. Seeing their reaction as all grins I tossed my pouch aside and did a seduction dance for them trying not to laugh. As if I can belly dance. LOL! I tried though. They certainly stopped cold on the trail sitting on their bikes and taking me in."
"I had lost track of Danny and Kevin while treating the bikers. Stepping out of my shorts I got silly. Doing childish cartwheels in the grass as if I were a cheerleader. I did decent cartwheels but was certainly no cheering section. Applauding at my efforts I felt so very alive. They loved me. As I blew kisses and bowed like a clown I saw one of them point behind me. Looking back I saw Danny holding my shorts and putting them in his garbage pouch as if trash. I dropped my jaw and squealed. Running over to him I tried to reclaim them but Danny just laughed and told me no. Finally, I told him FINE! I can live in my bikini. As if it were one. Even my panties were lacey and thin. All but my pussy was pretty much seen. Thankfully I shaved my coochie yesterday so I was nice and smooth. Otherwise my pubes would have been seen easily."
"The bikers decided to move on during my war over the shorts. Kevin kept telling Danny to give them back before I got into trouble. Danny frowning finally opted to hand them over. Taking them from him I chose a different tactic. I placed them inside Kevin's pouch for safe keeping. His jaw dropped and started looking around for my safety. I immediately stood tall and kissed Kevin on the lips again calling him MY HERO!"
"I was thrilled to be free. They called me crazy but I continued on with my pouch to empty it again. After freeing myself of the pouch I stepped over to the picnic table next to us. I felt totally evil and hopped up to sit on the table top from the side. Kicking my legs as I held my upper body with extended hands, palms on the table. I wanted to see what they might do with me idle. Kevin chose to sit down on the table's top behind me. Looking back at Kevin his eyes were lowered taking in my butt crack."
"Danny played the cool one moving between my swaying legs and got as close to me as he could. In my position his thighs nearly touched mine. Looking down at his crotch I could see his boxers bulging out. Through the gaping hole I saw flesh. OMG! His cock was enormous. Okay I'm lying but it wasn't as big as some I'd seen recently. THANK YOU LARABEE BOYS. UGH!"
"I asked Danny what he was doing. He smirked and placed both of his hands on my upper thighs softly rubbing them back and forth. It felt nice. My chills returned as Kevin scooted closer to my back forcing my hands to lift from the table straightening up my posture. My reward for doing that was met with two hands massaging my shoulders. Again I felt pampered suddenly. I let my guard down like an idiot. Oh Kevin! Dear sweet Kevin! His hands moved down to my shoulder blades. I didn't think Kevin had it in him but the slick bastard unsnapped my bra and went to town caressing my back. The two of them must have been thinking of this all along because once my bra was undone Danny brought his hands up to my shoulder and pinched my straps guiding them down over my upper arms. The bra gave wave some over my tits allowing the cups to drift from their support."
"I lowered my chin to watch my cups slip. Expressing awe I told Danny that teasing didn't mean stripping me naked. He merely smiled and pulled the bra from my breasts. Free I squealed and folded my arms over my chest. Kevin reacted to Danny's nod toward him and reaches around me to grab my arms pulling them behind me. Even in his gentle force I played along. Kevin lowering his chin down to nuzzle my neck. Tilting my head enjoying it I eyed Danny to see what his plans were. His hands raise up and squeeze my tits jostling them about saying NICE! Of course they were. LOL!"
"While I hadn't anticipated them taking advantage of me I did enjoy it. My bra ended up on the table behind me. I was now only wearing my panties, socks, and tennis shoes. While they toyed with me I cast my eyes around the vicinity to make sure we were safe. so far so good. I could hear people but the distance between us and them made our adventure doable."
"I whimpered that I didn't expect this to go so far. Kevin into my throat ignored my words. Danny deciding to taste my pointy nipples made me coo. Again I wasn't feeling in control like my teasing should have given me. I didn't want this to become another Brad and Troy situation. Sex was not on my agenda today. Going this far I wasn't complaining, but if they pushed too hard I would have to cry wolf. Quietly but wolf none the less. LOL!"
"As Danny sucked on my nipple his hands vanished from my vision. I discovered one of his hands slipping down the front of my panties. I yelped as fingers rubbed my clit. Whispering slow down to Danny made me stiffen up. Kevin realizing my tenseness pulled away and asked me if I was okay. I nodded yes even though Danny was insistent upon fingering me. Why can I never follow through with no dammit? LOL! Breathing heavily I realized that Danny's other hand had dug his cock from beneath his boxers and he was stroking it without my seeing it. That disappointed me. I told Danny to let me see it. He complied removing his fingers from my pussy. Not stepping away only upright he revealed his beast. Kevin backed away from me saying Dude what are you doing?"
"I shyly reached back for Kevin's hand and pulled him closer to my back. I needed his support to avoid Danny pushing me backwards into laying on top of the table. I didn't want to encourage Danny any further than coaxing him to jack off. I haven't really had time to watch a guy do that. I've usually been too busy or it was happening behind me. Brad was the closest when he shot his load on my chest but that happened so fast there was no studying the guys efforts leading up to a climax. I wanted that. I finally spoke up and told Danny to let me watch him jerk off. He was eager to let me watch. Kevin not so much. He was becoming squeamish at Danny's overconfidence. It took me to relax Kevin by reaching back with my left hand to rub his crotch. Kevin's eyes quaked at my touch. I left him speechless."
"It's alright Kevin I repeated at least four times. I could feel his dick growing under my palm. So cool. You can jack off in front of me too, I softly encouraged him. He shook his head blushing. I could pretty much guess he was still a virgin. Been there so I know the reactions. While I was trying to convince Kevin I felt Danny rub his dick over my panties. I flared my eyes at Kevin rather than look back at Danny. It felt nice that Danny was so close to getting it but my undies were blocking the way. I was fine with him pretending to fuck me, or at the very least slide his dick across my clit. Unlike Kevin I don't believe Danny's a virgin but he might have only been with one girl before. I recall him talking about some Hispanic girl named Maria. Bragging more like but still obvious that he got laid by her."
"Kevin resisted heavily until I decided that the only way I could get him to open up was to go above and beyond what I felt necessary. With his pants still undone I went from his shorts higher up over the zipper to actually rub his concealed erection. He nearly convulsed as I rubbed him directly. Doing this with my arm backwards was a challenge but all I intended to do was make Kevin crazy. I really wanted to watch both of them jerk off while I teased them. Wanting me and getting me were two different things. I was going to succeed or get dressed and say fuck it."
"As Danny rubbed his cock over my panties he slapped his crown over my clit. That got my attention. Turning only my head to watch Danny's face as he swatted me I dropped my jaw and told him Shit! That feels good. You don't have to stop that. LOL! He begged me to take my panties off. I giggled and said Noooooo! Returning to Kevin before the poor guy broke away from me I groaned and asked Kevin what I needed to do to get him to jerk off? He began breathing heavy as if overcoming his fears and took my hand and slid my fingers under his briefs, curling them around his cock. OH BOY! Not planned."
"I gave in telling him I would get him started but he had to finish. He agreed as I pulled his dick into the daylight. Wow! I told him it was handsome. He smiled with fear easing as I stroked him awkwardly. Sadly in the angle I was in I had to do it backwards. Struggling a bit as Kevin held me upright I felt my panties being tugged down in front. Squealing I used my other hand to play tug of war with Danny's free hand. He wasn't so much trying to remove my panties but he certainly wanted to see my pussy without the lace blocking his view. He swore he just wanted to see me. Risking his behavior I let him peel my undies down to my clitoral area."
"Hard to focus I tried my best to jerk off Kevin. He was dry and noting his discomfort. I had never done this ever but I leaned back as he gave me more room and lowered my face over his dick to spit on him twice. Gross I thought but it got the job done. As I arched my back to do that Danny leaned over me and stormed my tits with his mouth. One nipple after the other he sucked on them. My breath was taken away by dealing with both of them. I mean what I was doing was okay as long as things didn't get much further out of hand. My goal was simple. Keep my panties on and get them to jerk off. Nothing more."
"Palming Danny's scalp as he sucked my nipple I fell further against Kevin. Now in my more outstretched predicament I was able to remove my hand from Kevin just long enough to switch my grip from backwards to a much easier forwards. Even he said much better. Danny was a starving animal on my tits and it was making me dizzy. I wasn't even worried who might see us at the moment. Kevin's voice gravitated to please don't stop Vi. I hated to but I didn't truly want to finish his job. A little longer I told him."
"The second those words came out I felt Danny's fingers go deep under my panties and find my hole. SHIT! I squealed as he fingered me. Even I resorted to please don't stop. He had a very nice rhythm going on. In my delight I hadn't realized his free hand had pulled my panties even lower to make room for his probing fingers. I was fine I thought. Until the other side slithered lower too. DAMMIT! I let it happen. I couldn't say no to his fingering my pussy so remarkably."
"Danny let up on my nipples and began kissing my throat. My head fell back into Kevin's lap a bit. Peripherally I could see my hand stroking Kevin. OMG! I found myself wanting to cum on Danny's fingers. Warning him that I wanted him to make me cum only fed into Danny's ego. He tugged my panties even lower to finger me really fast, adding a third finger made me insane. Each mad thrust inside me sent my body further toward Kevin. My face was right next to his cock now. I winced as I realized I was so close. Even Kevin had it in him to tilt his hip closer toward me. I had to stop jacking Kevin off when I began convulsing. Apologizing breathlessly to Kevin for abandoning him. My squirming was all over the place."
"As my eyes rolled back and my mouth widened due to my moans Kevin took advantage. He palmed the side of my face and brought my open mouth toward his cock. Noting Kevin making his move Danny destroyed my pussy harder than ever. I was squirting all across his hand as I found Kevin's dick in my throat. I gagged and tried to resist but the orgasm made me forget my name let alone Kevin's dick. I know he pushed my head over it because I gagged. In my dilemma Danny pulled his hand out and yanked my panties off of my legs and feet. FUCK! I didn't want that to happen. It got worse. As Kevin held me first Danny grabbed my ankles and spread my legs wide. I felt his dick enter my pussy and start thrusting. MOTHER FUCKERS! I should have known."
"STUPID! STUPID! STUPID! is all that ran through my clouded thoughts. Not saying this wasn't hot. It was really hot. The thing is every time I start something with simple goals the guys take over. SHIT! Kevin started fucking my face. I didn't think he would push things anywhere near that aggressive. OMG! Danny please don't stop. I mean stop! FUCK! I can't think straight."
"I think I heard Danny ask me if I liked their dicks in me. I gurgled yes like a moron. Pretty certain Danny praised Kevin for fucking my face so hard. I could feel Kevin tightening up so it was a safe bet I was going to taste his cum very soon, like it or not. My biggest stress was Danny cumming inside my pussy. Who brings condoms when you don't plan on getting fucked? I know i don't. Obviously they don't. OMG! Guys fuck me harder."
"Even under pressure I heard the tooting of the Park District golf cart. We were being checked on so surely that meant the guys would panic. Not on my life. I heard Miguel and Cory's voices as the cart pulled up next to the picnic table. Please don't make them stop. Not yet. FUCK! I want to cum again."
"I opened my eyes narrowly as Kevin kept my skull locked in place. My eyes and nose was watering to the point my vision was blurred but I did see Miguel and Cory over Kevin's shoulder watching him pound my throat. They were smiling. OMG! They weren't trying to give Danny and Kevin a conscience. Praise more than anything. Cory told me I had a sweet body. Miguel went further and patted my right cheek and tell me to suck that cock Vi. OKAY! Anything you say Amigo. As if I had a choice now."
"Straining hard Kevin was ready to blow. Danny not far behind. Both of them were snarling and cursing. I was shrieking like a banshee. We were all so close. Kevin went first. I had never had so much cum in my mouth. Mainly because I've barely performed blowjobs let alone just getting my face fucked. I choked hard as Kevin delivered. Once he released my head I considered pulling away to catch my breath but seeing Miguel and Cory watching I suddenly felt like proving to myself that I didn't want to look as if I were being raped. I chose instead to grip Kevin's balls and suck his dick slobbering his cum back on to him. My saliva build up along with it for an interesting cocktail. They watched with amazement as I fought to keep him in my mouth. Kevin was antsy now. Once fear reclaimed him he wanted free."
"In my offering my eyelids fluttered as I heard Miguel tell Danny DUDE! Don't cum inside Vi. Thank God for Miguel. Danny barely made it out before squirting hot cum streaks across my belly. I squealed even with Kevin in my mouth. I still hadn't cum again. God! I needed to now more than ever. Whimpering at the top of my lungs I gave up on Kevin to massage my clit. His dick was dying down anyway due to so many guys around now. It was all up to me. As I got down and dirty on my own the four guys surrounded me, sitting down at the picnic table to watch. So erotic. I felt all of their hands rubbing me at one time. OMG! Egging me on to squirt hard I did not fail. In my vigorous rubdown over my clit I shot a fountain straight out over the concrete below. Body convulsing the guys deciding not to rub me but merely to rest their palms on my quivering body. Tenderness never felt so joyous at that second."
"As I regained my composure I sat up with a bit of help and palmed my face from exhaustion. The guys got up and helped me to my feet. We still had a job to do. There were other areas to pick up. The boys got dressed and I put my underwear back on, intentionally leaving my uniform off. Cooler most definitely."
"As everyone got on the golf cart it again became evident that there was not enough seats for five of us. I ended up on Cory's lap. Miguel driving took us across the park. We passed walkers but nobody gave us any grief over my undies. I think most everyone presumed it was a bikini. So awesome. Sure thing people. Works for me."
"Miguel stayed close to the bike paths to avoid sightly tire tracks in the grass. He veered only when larger gatherings of people were headed toward us. Not that large groups meant twenty people, Miguel just worried even if it were four. It wasn't the most level landscape to boot. Only Cory was happy with the bumpy ride because it made me bounce about both on his lap but allowed him to paw me up to keep me from falling out. Knowing that Danny had cum on my belly his gravitating hands were clutching my breasts. Danny laughed at him saying What's wrong Bro? My jizz not good enough for you? Of course it wasn't moron. You wouldn't go near Cory's if the role had been reversed. LOL!"
"I consoled Cory as best I could laying against him and curling my arm over my head to coddle his scalp. My cleavage danced everywhere so to be honest he saved me from having bruised boobs. Nothing worse than the girls all achy."
"Crossing paths with the Park's actual groundskeepers who took care of the lawn while we would use weed eaters to finish their jobs. Not today but I'm certain tomorrow would be one of the crews being stuck with whacking those pesky weeds. I just waved at them on the way by while Danny held my uniform and pouch. They noticed. The knew the guys by sight but not by name. All I knew otherwise was that they were in their 30's and attentive to my flirtatious waves. Seeing Cory holding my tits made them laugh. I really didn't think I needed to worry about them reporting me."
"Moments later we were bordering one of the manmade lakes where the paddleboats and canoes were. This early nobody was out on the water, but the attendants were there at the boathouse. Danny leaned back telling Miguel to cruise down by there where bike path met actual asphalt roads. Finally, a smooth ride."
"Danny supposedly knew one of the attendants. A guy named Colton. I yelped knowing I was being shown off in my undies. Not only that I was a hot mess. After Kevin holding my head so firmly my hair was stringy from sweat and being manhandled. My make up was a sight. I know my mascara must have made me look like a cheap whore. Frankly I was feeling like one after losing to Danny and Kevin. Did that deter me? Still in my underwear aren't I?"
"What caught me off guard as Miguel pulled up out front of the boathouse was that Colton's partner...was a girl. I was introduced to her as she stepped out with Colton. Her name was Stephanie. She scrutinized me instantly until Colton defended Danny. Stephanie was very pretty with long brunette hair that she had French braided into a ponytail. Smaller in size compared to me. She was I'm guessing 5'2, 100 pounds with a hint of mixed heritage. Again guessing black and Caucasian. Tits much smaller than mine at maybe a 34C. Not that I was checking out her tits. LOL!"
"I was more concerned that Stephanie might put an end to my teasing the guys, which obviously now included Colton. I could see some jealousy in her eyes. Knowing it too well from studying girls in school and at the mall, she was one of those kind that felt threatened when not being the center of attention. This could go very wrong."
My co-workers jumped off the golf cart to greet Colton and Stephanie. Even Cody abandoned me after seeing Stephanie. CRAP! Maybe I was one of those girls. I felt jilted as I stood there shivering. I should have just gotten dressed. NO! I had to make a stand. I wanted their attention. Looking past the boathouse at the lake glistening like diamonds in the sunlight I wiggled my way down to the dock. Nobody followed me even. I guess that meant I make a scene. Ignoring the no swimming signs I stripped out of my bra, shoes, socks, and panties then dove off the end of the pier. My splash definitely caught their attention. My undies on the dock even more so."
"When I surfaced I found all six of them standing on the dock looking down at me with a hint of awe. Colton spoke up saying there was no swimming. I pulled my wet hair back from my eyes and floated, replying I'm not swimming I'm bathing. Danny laughed bragging about shooting his load on my belly. Stephanie sneered at me, if I were a mind reader I'd read SKANK!"
"Shrugging I dove under again and held my breath. Staying under as long as I could until I noticed divers joining me. Miguel and Cody had stripped down to their underwear and decided to cool off with me. Out of air I had to come up. Gasping I whimpered HELP ME! and flailed laughing. I was doing my damnedest to coax Danny and Kevin in too. Colton if he wanted to. LOL! All of them decided to remain on the dock. Sure stay on the pier and flirt with Stephanie. I don't need you two. Been there done that. My interest turned to Cody and Miguel. They circled me like sharks deciding what they wanted to do. I made the decision for them."
"Am I the only one skinny dipping here or what? I asked. Cody manned up first and peeled his soggy boxers off and flung them at the guys on the dock. He aimed directly at Stephanie out of sheer meanness. She squealed and tried to avoid them but ended up throwing herself at Danny. The boxers only grazing her calf. Both she and Colton's uniforms weren't far off from ours. Navy blue polo shirts and ugly tan shorts. Her shorts were tighter and much shorter than mine were. BITCH! LOL!"
"Danny made his move on Stephanie joking about throwing her in. Stephanie laughed flirtatiously and wrestled in his arms. She wanted him to paw her up I could tell. Go for it Danny. Even from a distance I could tell Danny was getting another hard on. WOW! I didn't know he had that much energy. LOL! Even Kevin eyed Stephanie's tight little butt. HEY! Mine is just as tight. I didn't brood long because Cory snuck up behind me and dunked me under. Not panicking I got even by reaching out and squeezing his balls. We both surfaced laughing as I threw my arms around his neck facing him. I charmed him with a sparkling gaze. With zero hesitation Cory kissed me on the lips. I certainly wasn't going to remind him of Kevin's cum in my mouth earlier. I didn't want to spoil my fun."
"Miguel launched his own boxers up to the pier and moved in behind my back. I was a seafood sandwich between them. Miguel kissing my shoulder while I French kissed Cody. I could feel Miguel's dick pressing against my butt. Cody's against my tummy. OMG! By now I just didn't concern myself with mere teasing. The guys wanted me and I wanted them."
"I felt Miguel reach around to palm my tits while I entertained Cody's tongue. Dang Miguel was pretty good sized. Just the length against my butt calculated in my thoughts that he had to be seven inches. Cody roughly five. Not that I'm disappointed. LOL!"
"Up on the dock Danny and Colton taunted Stephanie. It was easy to see, when I found time to explore that she liked being touched. Danny had his hand up her shirt rubbing her belly. A pierced belly button even. I want one I thought. That was now on my list of things to do next paycheck. Breaking our kiss in favor of embracing Miguel too I held Cody's left shoulder with one arm and threw my right arm around Miguel's. I wanted both to know I wasn't playing one sided. They chose to share my tits and both sides of my throat. OMG! So erotic."
"As I tilted my head back I was able to witness Danny, Colton, and Stephanie. If not at an upside down angle. My sight fighting the water seeping over my cheeks and tormenting my eyes. Still, I was able to see they had convinced Stephanie to lose her work clothes and prepare for a swim. She wore white lace undies that Danny was trying very hard to coax her out of. Colton chose to keep watch for potential customers. Their jobs would be over if caught. His mind struggled though because he really wanted to see Stephanie naked. Good for her I thought. As her bra came off Danny dropped his shorts and lost his own shoes. Standing nude in front of her I could tell she loved his cock without even touching it. Before she could shed her thong Danny picked her up and raced them both off the dock into the water. Her thong floated on top in minutes."
"Laughing at them I pulled upright and let my arm escape Cody's shoulder in favor of a high five toward Stephanie. She waded over without any scrutiny this time and our palms slapped together. Smiles met we threw ourselves into our men. Guaranteed Danny fucked Stephanie. I had to grin knowing he had me first and that my juices were on his dick still. Lake water or not. LOL!"
Watching them frolic I found Cody circling the idea of fucking me just like Danny and Stephanie were doing. I couldn't blink even as I explored Cody's intentions. Still holding on to Miguel I giggled and told him to save me. Miguel merely smiled and took me for his own. I heard Cody grumble WHAT THE HELL MIGUEL? Miguel spoke in Spanish. I took Spanish in high school so I know he said SNOOZE YOU LOSE."
"Yanking me to face him he lifted my legs to cling to his waist, my arms surrounding his neck as I felt his crown pierce my hole. Yelping FUCK! at his girth. Even as I moaned I was overshadowed by Stephanie's cries. Danny was tearing her up. Thankfully we were all good swimmers."
"Cody feeling cheated swam back to the dock and climbed out. Getting dressed he stood with Kevin and Colton watching. Miguel felt entirely too good inside me. In our brewing insanity I found my back going up against Stephanie's. The guys had coordinated their efforts to get us close together. She and I laughed as our butts collided with one another beneath the water. Miguel being sneaky removed one hand from my butt cheek and reached out to locate Stephanie's butt pucker. She jumped laughing as he fingered her behind. Danny chuckled as she let him know the fish were biting. A flare of her eyes toward Miguel led Danny to reach out and do the same to my ass hole. HEY!"
"I wasn't all that fond of my ass hole being toyed with. I still knew Troy's threat back at the house when he and his brother Brad took me against my better judgment. he warned my anal was going to happen. I preferred not to start early. Moving us closer still I found Stephanie and I cheek to cheek almost. Eyes meeting we both felt awkward as the guys fucked us. Danny breathing heavily laughed and offered up a dare. YOU SHOULD KISS he said. Miguel agreed nodding at me to take the risk. Stephanie unlike me didn't turn pale. She merely winked at me and said YOU'RE HOT! I'M IN IF YOU ARE."
"WHOA! Never kissed a girl before. FUCK! Did I want to fail the guys? NO WAY! I took a deep breath gritting my teeth just before Stephanie and I locked lips. Steamy? Give me a minute. LOL!"
"Wow! As we parted lips I was blown away. That was exciting. In a strange turn of events Danny and Miguel pulled out of her and I, twisting us to face one another. Taking us from behind they encouraged us to face each other and kiss again. Our tits were crushing together. Hands now caressing the others face. OMG! I might be Bi. No! Maybe. Fuck she tasted good. Moaning into each others mouths was incredible. Our kiss breaking only to catch our breath and let the guys know we were cumming. Storming each other again I felt my heart pounding. Was Stephanie feeling what I was? She sure acted like it. Our tongues were going wild. I LOVE GIRLS! Guys more. Another three second break I hear Stephanie tell Danny to cum inside her. WHAT? ARE YOU CRAZY? I thought. Looking back at Miguel and seeing the strain of being ready to shoot his load I went into panic mode. Palming Miguel's scalp I reared back and begged him not to cum in me. Not ready to be a mommy."
"Hearing me I yelped and cum around his cock melting back into him as he kept fucking me. I watched Stephanie looking lost without my kiss and actually reaching out for me. DAMMIT! On my way sister. Danny snarling behind Stephanie buried his chin into her shoulder kissing it. His eyes were white, rolling back into his head. Miguel allowed me closer to reconnect with Stephanie. OMG! I'VE MISSED HER LIPS."
"Stephanie bit my lip as Danny filled her with his detonation. I palmed her face with one hand while my other hand caressed Miguel's scalp from behind. I give up. If Miguel was going to cum inside me I just prayed he would fire blanks. Even his eyes were twitching from resistance. He wasn't going to pull out of me. OMG! I'm terrified. In her spasm Stephanie threw her arms around my neck hugging me close. Miguel lost his control and stammered in gripping me. I felt his cum rocket into me. OMG! I've never felt anything that remarkable. DAMMIT! Why does something so wonderful need to be so risky. I was going to get on birth control tomorrow. Cooing I clung to Stephanie back as the guys pulled away from us to let her and I enjoy our final moments."
"Swimming to shore Danny and Miguel put their clothes on and joined the others. Once Stephanie and I regained our composures we smiled at each other and she told me. WE NEED TO DO THIS JUST YOU AND I. Exploring her sincerity all I could do was nod and hug her. OKAY. Sure why not. OH BOY! Was I ready for a one on one bi encounter? I would definitely get her number and decide later. Giggling we swam to the dock and climbed out. Cody was waiting on me and offered a hand. Accepting it he pulled me from the water. Kevin had done the same for Stephanie. Gentlemen. Wait! They were naked. OH SHIT!"
"Both of us squealed as they aggressively took us to the side of the boathouse. Facing us toward the wall side by side they planted our hands on the building. Taking us from behind I found Cody snatching up my hair. He I understood. What made Kevin come out of his shell and take Stephanie? Sure she was gorgeous. Maybe he preferred brunettes more than platinum blonds. All I knew was Cody was on a mission. SHIT BOY! His dick was triggering my G-spot hard. I was howling in no time. Stephanie reached her left hand out and placed it over mine for support. WOW! I really like this girl. She's caring."
"Kevin even found it in himself to slap Stephanie's ass. That made Cody want to smack mine. So freaking awesome. My tits were dancing up a storm as he pounded my pussy. Looking over at Stephanie with my peripheral I could see her licking her lips and watching my breasts sway. Two can play that game. Her tits weren't as large but they knew how to move. Mesmerized by her I lost track of Cody. His spanking hand was now toying with my anal pucker. NO CODY. NOT MY ASS. I pleaded."
"Stephanie had to ruin it for me by asking Kevin to fuck her up the ass. OH COME ON! Don't do this too me Steph. I didn't want to feel as if I let Cody down. Tilting my gaze for me so I could watch Kevin attempt anal Cody expected me to watch her experience it. Kevin might not have been the virgin I thought him to be. WOW! I thought I was a good judge of character. Spitting on her ass hole and rubbing it in three separate times to make her moist he pulls from her pussy and lines his crown up to her ass. Easing it in slowly I heard Stephanie laugh and sigh loudly. Her words were GOD YES! Maaaan! I hate you Steph."
"BE GENTLE WITH ME CODY. FIRST TIME. I indicated. He nodded and complied. Feeling a drooling spit taunt my ass hole I awaited him to begin. Just his tip rubbing on it tensed me up. Not even Stephanie's enjoyment helped my fears. even when her fingers curled around mine to comfort me. Love hate relationship right now Hot girl, I hissed in my thoughts. As his crown dug deeper I wanted to cry. He took his time thankfully. Inch by inch I accepted Cory. I bawled for about three minutes while Steph tried to calm me saying IT GETS BETTER."
"Like hell it did. Cody caressed my hair lovingly but that was not enough to relax me. I trembled like a leaf as I discovered all of the guys surrounding us to get a look at my torment. Miguel stepped beside me leaning his back against the wall and leaned toward me to whisper YOU CAN DO IT CHICA. I was miserable. Even Kevin had sympathy and encouraged Stephanie closer until her hand left mine to hug me from the side. Danny being an asswipe crouched against the wall beneath Stephanie and I reaching up to pinch our nipples. Steph loved it. I did, but right this second I couldn't smile."
"Danny switched tactics and reached between Stephanie's legs to get his fingers wet. Bringing those fingers up he caught me off guard when my eyes were closed and put her juiciness between my lips. WHOA! That tasted yummy. He then did the same to me letting Stephanie taste my wetness. She fed on his fingers not wanting to release them. WOW! She must like my taste too."
"Those little things took my mind off the anal. I still wept but Cody wasn't forcing his cock at least. Small journeys back and forth until my hole widened more. Minutes later I recognized just how good anal felt. What nagged me was I knew Cory wasn't nearly as large as Troy's dick. That alone brought back my tears. No matter how long Cory fucked my ass I was not going to enjoy Troy. I just knew it. "
"Kevin was ramming Stephanie pretty intensely. How the fuck was she enjoying that? I would have elbowed Cody in the nose and fought him off if he were hitting it that hard. I still had a lot to learn I guess. Mostly comfort and confidence. As Kevin nuts inside Stephanie's ass she screams in my ear and orgasms. Her arm around me shook me just as much. Danny was taking now to suck on Stephanie's nipples, when she was the most sensitive. More cries. I might need a hearing aid after today."
"Cody huffed and told me he was nearing his end. Asking me if he could cum inside my ass. At least I couldn't get knocked up from there. I whimpered a shy YES. Pressing deeper into my ass my eyes bulged as I gasped. Then, it happened. I felt his torpedo just as I had Miguel earlier. If obviously felt differently but it was kind of nice. A few more thrusts and Cody rubbed my butt cheeks softly. Pulling out cautiously I felt it pop away and a wisp of air flood over it. He commented that his cum was oozing out of my ass. I wish I could have seen it for myself. No cellphones on the job ruined that. Expressing my wish did not go unheard."
"Colton used his cell to take video of my drooling pucker. Showing me I dropped my jaw in awe. My hole was wider now due to Cody's dick stretching it some. So cool. As we marveled over things we heard people approaching. Kids even. The dressed guys ran interference to give us time to get dressed. Colton had even thought to bring my uniform from the golf cart. THANK YOU COLTON. I left my undies off to be quicker pocketing them in my shorts. We no more than tied our shoes and young kids raced toward a paddleboat oblivious of anything we did. That would have been terrible. I sure didn't want to be responsible for scarring them for life. Their dad sure stared at me and Steph though. We flirted then took a hard look at each other. OH SHIT! HOT MESS. Maybe we scarred the dad for life. LOL!"
"The Park District truck with the flatbed trailer located us, as Waylon yells out WHAT ARE YOU PEOPLE DOING? Everyone busted up. I got Stephanie's cell number just in time as she wrote it on the hand she held. While the guys got on the golf cart I said fuck it and kissed Stephanie again."
"Instead of joining them on the cart I ran up the sidewalk to the truck and hopped into the front seat beside Waylon. He looked at me queerly as I whispered SHOTGUN. While the guys loaded up the golf cart I sat waiting on them. Waylon supervised tying it down, chocking the tires, and grimacing the entire time. Once secure the guys all piled into the truck. It was funny to see Kevin forced to sit in Cody's lap. Miguel scooting me over toward Waylon he noticed something but kept his mouth shut. My evil ass had taken my panties and hung them from Waylon's rearview mirror. The second he checked it he winced then looked at me. I hugged his arm laying my head on his shoulder. Batting my eyes at him Waylon just shook his head. He left them over the mirror all the way back to the Park District building."
"Getting back we unloaded our stuff. I was giddy at what we had done. The issue now was always going to be who was fucking me again every damned day. I put a kibosh on that informing them we fuck only on my terms in the future. They rolled their eyes. Tomorrow would be a challenge to keep them at bay. Fun but challenging. LOL!"
Waylon finally removed my panties and started to hand them to me. I told him to bring them back tomorrow. He could spend the night with them. LOL! I knew deep down he was going to defile them tonight. I was okay with that. LOL!"
"Before the end of our day I made my way back to Brent's office. Knocking first he allowed me in. Asking if I behaved I told him NO WAY. Scowling he dared to ask what I did. I didn't lie. I told him I danced around in my undies in front of cyclists. They loved it. The guys watched me. I omitted being fucked to keep the guys safe from losing their jobs. I could see the stress on Brent's face if I were telling him the truth. I asked again if he were firing me?"
"He shook his head YOU'RE NOT GETTING AWAY THAT EASILY. I flared my eyes at his words. He studied my shirt realizing I still wasn't wearing my bra. Nipples don't hide. Another grimace I needed a smile. Deviously I lifted my shirt inch by inch in front of him until the bunched up material reached the lower curves of my perky tits. Seeing the flesh he pointed at me as if saying DON'T YOU DARE. I couldn't resist. I pulled my t-shirt over my tits and shook them at him. He couldn't resist grinning. I KNEW IT."
"I taunted him by saying YOU KNOW YOU LIKE MY TITTIES. He didn't scold me. Placing the hem of my shirt between my teeth I winked at him and unbuttoned my shorts. Shaking his head I winced to see if he would stop me. Not a peep from his lips I unzipped my zipper. Instant flesh ow that Waylon had my panties. Another glare through the corner of my eye expecting an ENOUGH! nothing."
"WOW! I wiggled the shorts over my hips as I had earlier. This time no underwear hiding my goodies. His eyes absorbed me more thoroughly than before we went to the park. Realizing his door was wide open he jumped to his feet rounding his desk to shut it. While his back was turned I dropped the shorts to my shoes and stepped out. Whipping my shirt off of my upper body I did just as I had with Troy and tossed my shirt at Brent. Clinging to his shoulder he snatched it off turning to find me totally naked. poising an eye brow at me he reached out without looking and locked his door. OMG! I was trembling."
"He stepped around me and returned to his desk as I twisted nervously from side to side. Biting my lips I saw him set down facing to his right. Placing his arms behind his head he sighed. STILL NOT FIRING YOU."
"Giggling I shuffled around his desk to stand between his legs facing him. I'M GOING TO DO THIS TO YOU EVERY DAY I said. He shrugged telling me I was crazy. I kicked off my shoes and pulled my socks over my toes for the full effect. I'M TOTALLY NAKED BRENT. I taunted him before taking the risk of straddling his lap. He allowed it WOW! Settling in I gyrated my pussy over his lap. THERE IT IS! I whispered."
"I'M NOT FUCKING YOU CALLOWAY. He scowled as I threw my arms around his neck testing him. He studied my eyes as I studied back. After a staring contest of begging eyes I discovered the one guy I could tease without getting fucked. I could do anything now. I lifted higher in his lap and put my tits right over his face. Like a stripper I crushed his cheeks between my breasts pushing them so tightly together he couldn't breath. Easing back my skin trailed his cheeks. As they gradually escaped I squeezed my tits tighter until my nipples were pressed together. I then placed them over his lips. He kissed them but that was all. I sat back pouty and hopped over his erection. It was getting there."
"I CAN FEEL YOUR DICK THROBBING. I teased kissing his nose as my arms circled his neck again. He shook his head slowly and added "NOT GONNA FUCK YOU." I wasn't giving up. I wanted to see if he would break. I got creative and began kissing his neck how I like it. He allowed it. Unlike our uniforms Brent wore a button down. I started unbuttoning his shirt and kissing his chest after each button revealed chest hair. He wasn't wearing a t-shirt beneath it. On the third button his arms reached around me and rubbed my back."
"His hands were huge and they felt really nice. I continued kissing down to his abs. Unable to go any lower without leaving his lap I moaned with another round of lap gyrations. His dick was huge under my labia. I tried my best to mold my lips around his girth just to entice Brent. He still wasn't caving. Good. This was just as much fun teasing him. I whispered into his ear YOU MAKE ME SO WET."
"He sighed and said HAD ENOUGH? I shook my head defiantly answering NO. I could tell he wanted me he was just teasing me back. I pressed in crushing my tits against his bare chest trailing my nipples over his pecs. Closing in I just went for it. I kissed my boss on the lips. For a second he responded then faded away. I tugged at his lower lip and slid a hand down between my legs to rub his tented shorts. He growled slightly. SO EVIL! I went into my pornstar voice and whimpered I WANT TO SUCK YOUR COCK REALLY BADLY. Not really. Maybe. I just wanted to see if I could actually get him to unzip his shorts for me."
"NOT HAPPENING. He stressed without pushing me away. I refused to give up. Tough nut to crack or not I was going to get him to show me his dick. Slipping from his lap I crouched slowly until my tits rolled over his erection. On my knees in between his legs I rubbed both of my hands over his crotch. OMG! Are all guys this fucking big? LOL!"
"Challenge accepted Brent. I moved my hands in to unbuckle his belt. Button unsnapped, zipper slyly tugged low I found his boxers. He still wasn't stopping me. I maintained a fawning expression as I blew into his boxers parted fabric. I could see a portion of his beast and DAMMIT! He wasn't stopping me. Did I really want to suck his dick just to win this challenge? FUCK! I ended up reaching in and fondling him, his gaze unreadable. DAMMIT BRENT. Even my lustful acting wasn't making him say NO. Just NOT HAPPENING. It looked like things were happening here Brent. WHAT THE FUCK!"
"Feeling a bit defeated I went ahead and pulled his cock out watching it wag before my eyes. Damn that mushroom was beefy. My eyes sparkled at its magnificence. I even pulled out some really full balls that were tight and shiny. Planting my elbows on his knees i just sat there admiring it."
"BRENT? I posed a question to his WHAT? FOR A GUY SAYING NOT HAPPENING THIS DICK IS PRETTY HARD. It was purple and glossy in it's tightness. He shrugged SO? I'M NOT FUCKING YOU CALLOWAY."
"WOW! I couldn't stop studying it. I could see every vein in it rippling against his flesh. I think this might be the most perfect dick I've seen of those I've...well seen. How much longer could Brent possibly hold out before ordering me out of his office? FUCK! Push yourself Violet I told myself. I ended up kissing his balls and nuzzling my cheeks along his erection seductively. Nothing. He was stone cold. My tongue molded around his balls and I sucked on them a bit, tugging on them. My eyes on his the entire time. All he did was wince at me. Releasing his balls with a pop of my lips I rolled my tongue up his foreskin. He began shaking his head. Was he ready to snap at me finally? I really wanted to bust up laughing and telling him I knew he would cave. Then get dressed and say SEE YOU TOMORROW."
"Nothing. I was going to have to suck his dick just to get him to break. UGH! At his crown I kissed it and tickled it with my flicking tongue. It moved as if alive. That was cool. I did the same actions a second time. WOW! His dick danced for me. Capturing it with my hands I used both to stroke him before mouthing his crown and going down on it. DAMMIT! Tasty. OMG! I love this big boy. He merely frowned and watched me suck his dick. I gagged on it proving to myself alone how deep I could take him in. Coughing on built up saliva I drooled all over his balls. Brent was going to let me finish. I spent ten minutes on him without even a moan or fluttering eyelids. Needing air I let up on him with a kiss to his urethra. The second I did he tensed up and shot cum up into my lips. Unexpected my mouth opened in awe."
"HOW DID YOU DO THAT? I asked. MUSCLE CONTROL he replied then said GET UP. OH YEAH! He had enough and was going to say he wanted to fuck me. Sorry Buddy. I jumped to my feet giggling. Before I could point and laugh he leaped to his feet and dropped his boxers. Grabbing me he pushed me forward over his desk against my ability to resist. Brent was like 6'4, 280ish. I was a ragdoll. Before I knew what was happening his dick penetrated my pussy. SHIT! SHIT! SHIT! I fucked up again. I really thought I had beaten the odds with Brent. HELL NO! Did I plead for him to stop? HELL NO! That fucking big ole cock had my hole stretched. His crown destroying my G-spot. I wasn't saying FIRE ME ANY MORE."
"OH MY FUCKING GOD! He wrapped both of his hands around my throat and held me firmly where I couldn't see his expressions. OH MY FUCKING GOD! My mind was already losing any regrets. I'm not certain whether to call this imprisonment bondage or not. Whatever he was doing to me all I know is OH MY FUCKING GOD! Sorry for being so vocal. NO I'M NOT! He could fuck me for days and I would have begged for more. His wife was so lucky. SHIT! He's married. Now I feel bad...NOT! FUCK ME BRENT. He heard that twenty times at least. I could say it more but he did something even more intense. While still encircling my even neck he moved his index fingers up to the corners of my mouth and pried my lips apart. I grew spooked suddenly, drooling all over myself as I moaned. It even made my nose run. FUCK!"
"What did I get myself into? Finally his fingers release my mouth and my throat. As I tried to catch my breath he snatched me up by my hair and slammed me over his desk. My left profile lay upon the desk top and he wouldn't let me move. I didn't know whether to cry or be thankful for the hardcore lesson in great sex. After fifteen minutes a knock on the door interrupted my second orgasm. Brent was relentless. I THINK I LOVE MY BOSS!"
"He didn't even allow me to stop moaning. Not that I could have even if he were palming my mouth. Obviously he wasn't concerned who was on the other side of the door. What if it were his wife Linda? How would he explain my screaming FUCK ME BRENT at the top of my lungs? I'm darn sure even the guys on our crew were clued in by my loud cries. SHIT! I'm going to cum again. MIND GONE!"
"Letting me lay there face down on his desk of my own volition, okay I couldn't move. My legs were like rubber in an earthquake. Even my moans were shaking verbally. His mighty hands slapped my ass non stop for the remaining five minutes before he snarls and backs up out of me messily. I felt my juices run down my thighs even to my toes. I was lost..."
"I don't remember even how I ended up on my knees in front of Brent, all I recall is my face being covered in cum. HOLY SHIT! As he jerked off over me I found jizz dripping from my eyelids even. Where did he keep all of this stuff? LOL! I'm serious I was a soggy mess by the time he said CLOCK OUT!"
"NOOOO! I WANT OVERTIME! LOL! He got dressed and ignored me, finally answering the door. Unlocking it I hid behind his desk just in case it was Linda. I didn't want her to beat my ass. By now nobody was outside. Brent literally left me there on my knees terrified of what my teasing had turned him into. He was kind of mean. Was I a grudge fuck because I toyed with him so much? If so I think mean or not I want more. WOW! My heart was still pounding in my chest. Who knew sex was this much fun? I might give up on the teasing and just...no I can do both. LOL!"
"I got dressed and limped to the restroom where I looked over my cum covered face. It was remarkable even as it dried. Sticky as fuck. Brent tasted great. Washing up I finally made it to the time clock. Punching out I didn't get the overtime I wanted but who worked today anyway? Not me. None of us really did our jobs. Brent knew that. As I started to leave Brent stopped me and pushed me against a wall. I was really scared by his attitude. After inspecting me he lowered the palm holding me pinned."
"Studying his cold expression he finally smiled and winked at me. I sighed with relief. He then leaned down and kissed me on the lips. With a soft whisper he said the one thing I dreaded hearing. He said MY SLUT! with a stare directly into my soul. I stuttered with a WHAT?"
"YOU HEARD ME CALLOWAY. YOU GOT WHAT YOU WANTED. FROM NOW ON I GET WHAT I WANT. WHENEVER I WANT SOME YOU SAY YES SIR. UNDERSTOOD?" I know I turned pale. Was I suddenly his property? I'm so confused. I nodded not even truly understanding the concept. Afraid to ask questions I just added what I thought he wanted to hear. I said YES SIR."
"Good enough I was allowed to go home. My imagination running wild I envisioned being tied up or whipped. Smiles one second fear the next. I need to sort this through. I can't believe I told you people every single thing that happened. Maybe I don't know when to shut up. Therapy maybe? I might really need a shrink after another few weeks. LOL!"
"There's my bus. See you all soon."
"I'm really freaked out."