Finding his wife Josie curled up in bed sleeping at 8:00, Henry McKellen just stood over her watching her slumber. She was so beautiful, memories of their youth flooding back to cleanse his guilt. Yes, in a way he felt guilty fucking Piper for two hours straight until the blond had to cry, "No more!" He agreed but not before the blond goddess made it known in her own words, "We're doing that again Tank Commander." Winded she still had fight in her sails, using his so-called Tank game to inspire him into future battlegrounds. Some might call it shellshock, Piper called it Gears of Whore. Everything was a pun to her, it did make things lighter.
Now here he stood having taken out his frustration on Piper for letting his daughter Dakota turn him on far too much. Forced to escape his eldest daughter's temptations to protect both she and his entire family he needed a fall guy, girl, Piper was the best and nearest victim. No objection on her part. Logically Henry should have discussed his emotions over Dakota bringing him to the brink of insanity, but clammed up for fear that Piper might let Josie in on his teaching Dakota the birds and the bees his way.
Having spotted Dakota's light on beneath her closed door he snuck into his bedroom for safety. Showering seemed the right thing to do considering the ball of sweat and the stench of sex reeking like a brothel consuming his every pore. Sealing the bathroom door quietly behind him he stripped out of his shorts and into a hot cascade of filth destruction. Soaping up religiously a good five times in the process of defeating the enemy that his flesh was, the horns on his head wilted away for a more angelic aroma. Lost in thought he merely loitered under the steam until it went cold, even then he waited until he knew his dick was unwilling to revive. The shower stall was home for another ten minutes.
********
Across the hall in Dakota's bedroom she and her sister had a heart to heart, Sable not aware of her Father's actions toward her older sister by mere minutes, only knew what she did witness from Travis Herbert's telescope. Relating what she saw Sable struggled just how to explain it all, in whispers even.
"I saw Daddy having sex with Piper."
"What? Seriously?" Dakota sat up in bed, her clothing now usual pajamas, she couldn't just stay nude all night. Although the idea did cross her mind. Hearing Sable's time table Dakota knew very well that the second her Father stormed out he had to have gone straight over to Piper's and seduced her. Pondering it further Dakota tried not to grin but just couldn't help it. She knew that Henry was worked up by being around her until he cracked and took Piper instead to avoid taking her virginity. Something like that. Henry certainly didn't want to be the one to rob her of her special moment.
"He just got home I heard the door, now the shower." Sable listened to the atmosphere about the house. Looking at Dakota's alarm clock she calculated, "He was with Piper over two hours. That's a long time."
"Daddy must be...really good." Dakota nibbled her lower lip.
"You should have seen him. He had her in every position known to man. At least I think so, not that I know my contortions."
"Wow! Even better than when we were under Mom and Dad's bed watching them?"
"Way better. I had to leave Travis because...I got so...Travis jerked off on my leg."
"Noooo!" Dakota looked shocked, "Again?" She snorted.
"What do you mean again? Oh, the pool. He got you a little too." Sable giggled. "Even worse? I walked in on Kelly and that Dominic guy. OH MY GOD! His thing was this thick." She divulges his proportions with both hands. His muscles..." Her hands then fanned her features, "I had to run home."
"Kelly had sex with you in her home?"
"Yep! She even called her boyfriend Master. There's so much to tell. Shoot I have homework I need to get done before bed time. I've just been too wired to do it until we talked." She starts to get up then pauses returning just as swiftly, "Dakota? Why did you kiss Mace?"
"I don't know. I just wanted to see his reaction."
"You know the school will tell Angus."
"I already talked to him about it. He gave me my panties back but I gave them away again. I don't want them anymore." Not quite how it went down but good enough of an explanation.
"Those things will be passed around the entire school. Every guy at Horton-Dexter will sniff them."
"I'm good with that." Dakota snickers, "Let them. Our reps are going to be bad anyway, thanks to Mom."
"That and the way you've been leaving your dresses unbuttoned."
"I'm going to keep doing that until Principal Manley yells at me. If Mom and Piper can do things so can I...we."
"I'm not ready to be as open as you."
"Look at the shorts you left the house in earlier. You're already there Sable. You just don't want to admit it."
"That's different I was at home not wearing those to school."
"You wore the camisole's Mom gave us just like me. You had lots of skin showing that day. No bra even."
"That was scary...fun though. Guys did drool, which never happens to me like they do you."
"We're identical twins stupid." Dakota pushes her sister's shoulder playfully. "If they drool at me, they drool at you."
"It's my braces."
"Quit using that as an excuse. Besides, in..."She leers at her clock, "Ten hours those things come out. Then nobody will tell us apart."
"Mace called me Dakota tonight. I didn't smile so he presumed after you kissed him that you were coming back for more smoochies. The shorts might have fooled him I guess."
"He said that?"
"Not in so many words but even he asked me why you kissed him. I told him you just wanted to make Angus jealous."
"Partly! I just want experience is all. I talked it out with Angus and I think he understands. He didn't just flip me off and walk away. I look at it like this, if he can still hang with Robin I can do what I want."
"Are you going to kiss Mace again?" Sable worried after spotting Mace climbing out of her Mother's bedroom shortly after watching Josie masturbate on her balcony. She was afraid to bring it up honestly, knowing Dakota might like Mace as much as she was starting to. At least with Travis there Saturday her thoughts on Mace would be less vibrant, not wanting Travis to get upset with her. Confusion all around.
"I don't know."
"We are going to Piper's Saturday night to watch movies just you, me and Travis."
"Don't ruin the fantasy by mentioning Perbert." Dakota laughed in a low tone.
"Stop calling him that, he's not a..."
Dakota uses her hand as if a boy jerking off and chases Sable groaning like a goof. "Gotcha!" A squirting noise made through her lips made them both laugh. "Ewwww!" was their final result. Unable to keep quiet over what she saw, Sable fidgeted until Dakota questioned her reaction, "WHAT?"
"I wasn't going to say this but...I saw Mace climb down from Mom's balcony after Mom...stood out there watching Dad and Piper. Mom...touched herself, totally nakie."
"Whoa!" Dakota dropped her jaw, "Mom watched Daddy with Piper?" She processed it a second then looked up with awe, "Mace was in our house?"
"Uh huh!" Sable nodded feverishly, "I'm not sure how long Mom was home. She wasn't when I left."
"She was still gone awhile after Daddy left for his walk...to Piper's. I was here the whole time though, I know what time Mom came home." She of course had to stop masturbating in a hurry and hide, her door being wide open in hopes Henry would return to her. She knew her Mom didn't look in on her at all, isolating herself in her room presumably exhausted. No way did Mace do anything with her mom so that only left one possibility, he was snooping. "He had to have been watching me." Her thoughts not stressed verbally. "Should I approach him tomorrow?"
"Dakota? Talk to me." Sable stared as Dakota grew lost in her minds uncertainty.
"Why would Mace be in Mom's bedroom?"
"Are they...having sex too?"
"No way! Mom's too old for him. Besides Piper would probably lose her shit if she found out they were. I know it's a stretch but...maybe he was spying on me. I was home alone for awhile but I didn't hear him come in."
"Are you sure you and he didn't?" Sable winced forming a vision of the two together after they had kissed. "You did kiss him. Did he come over to make out some more?"
"No he didn't. I swear I didn't know he was in our house. That's kind of creepy." She shivered then reevaluated her uneasiness with, "I wish he would have walked into my bedroom and watched me touch myself."
"Do we confront him? Tell Dad he was in here without anyone knowing? Confide in Mom?"
"No. Let's just keep this to ourselves and see if he comes...clean."
"Now that we know he's capable of anything, I'm not sure we should hang out with him Saturday night."
"Relax Sable, I have an idea...I'll ask him for a ride to school again and see if he jumps at the chance. I can feel him out."
"Shoot!" Sable grits her teeth, "I told Travis he could catch a ride with us but I'm not going to school until after my dentist appointment. I'm not sure Daddy will have time to give you a ride and get me to the dentist on time."
"Solution is either Piper or Mace. If Travis needs a ride I guess I can survive his presence. It might make things harder to talk to Mace though."
"Dakota?" Sable fidgeted, "Tomorrow...I look just like you."
"I know isn't it awesome?"
"Scary. Maybe fun if nobody can tell us apart. Do you think even Mom and Dad will know?"
"You and I have different characteristics, you're shy I'm not. You say stuff like gosh or oh my god way too much, I don't. If you were to act more like me then I don't think they could tell."
"We should so mess with people."
"I'm game." Dakota giggles, "You better go do that homework it's 8:40. Dad will shut the light out on you."
"Right! Hey? What's that sticking out from under your pillow?" Sable points at something strange looking. Turning to see for herself Dakota dropped her jaw.
"Darn it! I thought I put that under my bed." Moving quickly Dakota tried hiding it but Sable needed to know what it was and the girls wrestled until the object revealed itself completely.
"Is that what I think it is?"
"Hush before Daddy hears you." Dakota had to think quickly to protect her Father's gift. "I found it in Mom's dresser drawer."
"Mom's...toy? Oh wow! What if she misses it and yells at you?"
"I'll put it back. I just wanted to goof off with it."
"You're going to use that on yourself? Is that even possible?"
"Well, maybe not all the way in but I can practice." Dakota giggles and wags it in front of her sister's face, Sable slapping it away from contact.
"Doooon't! You're bonkers Dakota."
"Wanna suck on it?"
"Nooooooo! Maybe." Their laughter was contagious suddenly. "Ugggh! Don't get in trouble. Put that away tomorrow before Mom starts bitching."
"I will. Go away." She pushes Sable playfully, "I want to play with it."
"Crazy!"
Alone at last Dakota hops up and shuts her door and turns out her bedroom light. Scurrying back to bed she stripped out of her jammies and cuddled with Elmo, her pet name for the dildo, mainly because it made her giggle like the Muppet. Settling in she sucks on it in the darkness and mumbles, "Mmmmm Daddy." which switched off to, "Mmmm Angus." and finally, "Mmmm Mace." Fun, fun, fun.
********
Ten minutes after Sable had gone to her room and changed into her own pajamas, Henry stepped from his bedroom with a towel around his waist. He knew it was bedtime and with Josie knocked out, he would have the freedom of his home shortly. Eying darkness under Dakota's doorway he puffed his cheeks. "Peace at last." His eyes then turn toward Sable's bedroom, lights were on under her door. Sighing he steps to her door and notices it not completely sealed shut, a faint knock he opens it to find Sable at her desk writing a paper for school. Smiling at her efforts he had to jest, "That better not be a love letter to Trav."
"Hi Daddy! No it's just boring homework. I know I should have gotten it done before going to the Herbert's but I put it off. I'm almost done though." She stared at him from across her room, her eyes drifting to his towel, picturing he and Piper having sex. Acting nervous she shrugged, "Goodnight Daddy."
"Night! Fifteen minutes tops." He flickers her light switch off and on as a hint.
"Done in fourteen."
"Sweet dreams." He shuts her door and heads downstairs to his office. While he showered he remembered that his co-worker Tessa Harper had sent him e-mails of her drawings based off pictures she and her Russian roomie Svetlana had taken. In them they had worn wigs similar to the hair of his daughters and roleplayed them to fuel his artistic imagination in hopes some of his best work would see the light of day.
Entering his office he used a desk lamp to light up the room and sat down in his desk chair. Computer on, he pulled up his e-mail account and found the messages. Opening them he discovered some pretty amazing artwork out of Tessa's efforts. The problem arrived when the images highlighted penetration. Seeing the shots he found himself picturing Dakota naked on her bed as he gave her tips on being with this Angus guy. He knew his daughter had a Daddy crush but tried his best to dissuade her from that obviously wrong trait. It was nice to know she loved him but not that deeply. "I can use these. Once I redo them in action they will definitely energize my game Frisque."
Moving the best shots over to a file storage for safe keeping while he concentrated on already started CGI activities in cyber skeletal form like a blue print he set about applying flesh to the anatomy and synching the sexual actions between the character of Mark whom was modelled after Henry himself, and the first of two twins on a sofa, the other twin watching from behind the couch. Even at this stage in the artwork Henry was almost regretting his consent to mimic his daughters. If they ever learned of his game and actually played through it's levels discovering their likeness...for a game it would be game over. In his mind at least!
Consumed by his talent in creating realism he devoted the next two hours to making the scenes vibrant and downright erotic. The current screenshot was far too close for comfort, with Mark straddling the character of Montana, which was technically Dakota just as he had in her bed earlier in the afternoon. Watching Mark's dick rubbing along Montana's pussy constantly by restarting each action over and over with the click of a key. Growling at the image Henry had to pause it and take a walk with thoughts on grabbing a Scotch from his liquor cabinet. While getting up from his chair his towel having been worn for far too long came easily undone and slithered from his hips to his seat. Knowing everyone was in bed it being 11:40 now he reluctantly left it behind and prowled his home nude.
Reaching his liquor cabinet he poured a glass of Johnnie Walker Blue Label, expensive enough, nurtured over time. Tumbler under half full he took a sip and peered out his kitchen window to see a light on in the Herbert home. For once it wasn't Travis peeping the hood with his telescope, this time it was Kelly's bedroom light fortunately at an angle that Piper's fence didn't obscure. Seeing her shadow walking back and forth he knew she was naked. "Why can't she take her curtains down like Piper? I really should get back over there and bed Kelly down, set this new Masterful me in motion and show her some real loving. After hitting Piper so hard I'm ready for the tenderness to play out."
Absorbing the peacefulness he opted to stand there sipping his scotch and envisioning Kelly flesh on flesh, something he never imagined doing until he caught sight of her sexually that day with Dominic Black, and the misunderstanding. Her body was truly a work of art. Now that he and Dom had made peace and decided upon an experiment in sharing control over Kelly in dual opportunity, things seemed more relaxed. All Henry truly wanted from this was some soft touches, warm kisses, delicate moans, and Kelly whispering, "I adore you Master." Pretty hot thoughts led Henry's dick to rise up right there in the dark kitchen.
Not that it mattered but Dominic had stopped over earlier to visit his slave but with an unusual change in demeanor. He had brought Kelly red roses and was actually showing signs of being romantic instead of total domination. Perhaps he had let what Henry discussed with him sink in. That, and an attempt to get to know her son better. Maybe there was hope for the not so gentle giant. For now...Henry was in the dark more ways than one.
Stroking his beast while fantasizing over Kelly he was tempted to call her and tell her to open her curtains. Strangely, as if sensing his desires Kelly actually pulled her drapes wide and opened her window for a cool night breeze. Standing there enjoying her own peace he spotted her holding a rose to her nose. "Hmmm? What's this about? Rose from her garden I'm guessing. Am I mad in thinking she's hoping I'm watching? Did she maybe see me fucking Piper earlier? Feeling lonely? Damn! I acted more like Dominic than myself when fucking Piper. I was in downright beast mode. Best of both worlds in one package maybe?"
Truth be known Kelly Herbert was thinking more of Dominic's change in behavior. Not that he didn't take her as he always had but this time there was a bit more heart behind the Yeti. Henry while handsome and of good intent had yet to truly do more than kiss her. Not that she hadn't thought of him doing that again, she actually welcomed his hopeful return. Being made love to was a fantasy. Ofttimes more so than the bondage and the control. She would never step up and ask Dominic that, she was his to use. His word gospel. But, now after a lengthy talk before Dom left he did tell her she should still obey Henry, of course she would. There should be no doubt. She was...theirs.
Lost to the Nashville moon Kelly masturbated standing up in her window, rose remaining beneath her nose as if honoring love. Henry a property owner away sighed and encouraged his erection to make long distance love to her.
While drawn like moths to an old flame the silence kept them company. So silent that the most stealthy could easily sneak up and pounce. Shuddering at his cocks stimulation Henry hadn't heard footsteps creeping down the stairs. Tiptoe for her own needs Dakota first peered into Henry's office to find it empty, computer still on her assumption was that Henry was in the downstairs powder room. Risking his wrath she snuck in and looked over the paused artwork and realized the connective likenesses between the male and female characters. "Holy crap!" She swallowed dryly, "Daddy is fucking me. Yesssssssss!" She danced in step then froze to notice the other unfinished female leaning on the sofa within this scene. "Sable? It has to be. Does Daddy want both of us?"
Knowing she had to keep this knowledge to herself at finally seeing his game Frisque she silently eased back out of his office into the darkness of the house. Her intent in coming down was due to being unable to sleep. There were simply too many things to ponder. Daddy, Mace, and Angus, her Mother, Piper screwing her Dad, finally her birthday coming in exactly a week. Even Sable's suggestion they switch identities to mess with everyone seemed great fun.
Shuffling softly to the kitchen she prepares to open the fridge when she hears a soft groan. Eyes bulging she peers left and sees her Father's silhouette standing tall and definitely jacking off. Quietly, she stepped behind him and explored his full nudity from the backside. His muscle tone was almost statuesque, his chiseled ass needed pinched but she was afraid to.
"Fuck she's beautiful." He mumbles, "I should have fucked her instead of Piper."
Hearing his admission Dakota automatically presumed he meant her. Bright eyed she wonders if she was ready for sex, if not tonight she could still at the very least help him get off, and plan for the inevitable. Images of her recent practicing with dildo blowjobs she concluded she could probably offer that to her Dad. Biting her fingernail she found the courage to remove her pajamas and stand there shivering, totally nude with her Father unaware of her presence. Behind him as if preparing her nerves to approach him she teases her nipples and pouts at the sensitivity storming her entire body with urges. Every inch of her tiny little body wanted to hurl herself into him, yet something held her in check. Uncertain what she shied away and picked up her jammies from the tile and slithered from the kitchen. Confidence lost she returns to her bedroom and weeps. She just couldn't grasp why she abandoned her chance to be with her Father.
Moments later her sister Sable yawned and felt thirsty. She too had been tossing and turning, even touching herself at the images of Travis jerking off, seeing her Father and Piper, observing her Mother masturbating while watching Henry destroy her bestie, even Mace jumping down from her Mother's balcony. Far worse, she was haunted by catching Kelly Herbert being ravaged by the Grizzly Dominic Black. She was too worked up to sleep. Not even the joy of getting her braces removed in a tad over eight hours calmed her.
Getting up Sable decided that milk sounded good and made her own quiet departure for downstairs. Like her sister she grew nosey at seeing her Father's office illuminated and followed Dakota's path in studying the computer artwork after touching the mouse and activating the monitors visual. Awe forcing her chin to droop she noted the same similarities Dakota had, only that she pictured herself under her Father's lookalike Mark. Whimpering and covering her mouth to avoid any uttered emotion she noticed his towel was in his chair. Realizing that Henry was in the house possibly naked she scurried out of his office prepared to run upstairs before she was busted.
There lay the problem. She heard her Father in the dark shadows of the kitchen and couldn't resist spying. Hugging the wall she found him just as he was earlier, tall, impressive of stature and pumping his cock out of her line of sight. Wanting to witness it better she dropped to her hands and knees and snuck to the blind side of their kitchen island and peeked at Henry from the side. In her lowered visual she could now witness how massive his cock was as he jerked off. Hearing his groans of pleasure she found herself mesmerized. This was almost like the time she and Dakota had hidden in his closet out of sight. Not quite as close up but awesome none the less.
"I should just walk up there and fuck the shit out of her." He whispered just loud enough for Sable to hear him, "Sable's room is the best place for this." Her eyes bulged at his mention of her name and bedroom, further tension at, "That hot little number is going to feel this cock here very soon. I'm gonna cum all over her." She shivered at his words of desire and watched him until he started snarling. Spooked by his ferocity she starts to back away when she hears, "Where are you going?" He meant Kelly whom had left her window after cumming herself, but Sable instantly felt as if he knew she were there. Freezing she pouted as he had no choice but to act out what he wanted from Kelly, "Get your ass over here. On your knees in front of me."
Horrified by his stern words Sable felt as if she were in trouble and silently crawled from her hiding place, making her way to his feet. His eyes were closed, head tilting back as his detonation loomed seconds away. Witnessing his behavior she hugged the cabinet in front of him trying not to think of her punishment for spying. Breath held she awaited her fate. In a strange turn of events Henry turned away with his whiskey tumbler and leaned back on the island to finish his scotch and his ejaculation. Wincing at his sudden relocation Sable eyed his sobering growls, Henry was almost there.
Uncertain if she should follow him due to his awkward directional change she just watched. Suddenly after a hiss of the whiskey's bite he mumbled, "I'm fucking you tomorrow Kelly. This is all on you." In that moment Henry sat his tumbler down and pumped his fist harder than ever, missiles of hot scalding cum shooting out of his urethra right before Sable's eyes. In learning his mind was on Kelly Herbert, Sable bulged her eyes and realized her error. She wasn't in trouble...yet. While Henry lost his mind in the rapid motions of his fist she tried to make her escape. In doing so her hands landed right into puddles of his cum. A few tiny drops shot her cheek in turning to retreat. Managing to hide from him behind the island she curled up in a ball holding her hand to her face to muffle her heavy breathing , shock forcing her emotions to react. The cum on her palm went directly over her lips to mask her possible whines. Sticky sweet she pouted at her mistake but was too terrified to remove her hand.
"Fuck that felt good." He huffed and stood there staggering, "I have to get my mind off of the girls. Kelly can be my next victim to nudge any thoughts on how stupid I'm being. I need another drink."
Sable noting his movement stealthily evaded him using the island from side to side remaining out of sight, the shadows in her favor. Waiting until he refilled his tumbler and headed back to his office to make her break for it, Sable paused to touch more warm jizz still on the floor. Discovering it milky in texture she whimpered.
Warm milk suddenly sounded good.
She settled on drinking cold milk right out of the jug.
No rest for the leery.
Sable was going to keep this to herself.