A big thank you to those who like the stories and send feedback. I must confess that it's rather hilarious to read the comments left here sometimes. Anything from "six stars" and "more please!" to "mindless garbage" and "wrong category". Nevertheless, I thank you for sharing your opinions!
A warning though for anyone sharing that last sentiment (but really, I ask you, what other category would have been more appropriate for Ch 1 or 2 than Loving Wives?) - this chapter does morph into lesbian and group sex as it goes along...
*****
"Bonjour, Susan,"
It was enough to set her heart pounding, the color rushing up into her face.
It had been over a year since she had heard that voice, yet those 2 words were enough for her to identify the caller immediately.
Susan's mind raced as the voicemail message continued to play on. She was aware that she needed to sit down and groped unsuccessfully behind her for the chair that was somewhere nearby.
She was missing the message - something about being sorry for something. Frustrated, she gave up, put her mobile phone down on her desk and finally located the chair. She sat down heavily and tried to calm her racing, and somewhat panicked, thoughts.
Best to hear the message properly, she realized. Don't jump to any conclusions. Drawing a deep breath, Susan picked up her phone and pressed the number to replay the recording.
Bonjour, Susan!
This is someone you thought you'd probably never hear from again. Though I hope you won't have forgotten me!
I'm very sorry to ring you like this. I know I promised what we did in France would stay there. But I'm coming to Sydney next month, just for one night, and the truth is I'd love to see you again. Perhaps we could meet for lunch?
I don't how how things are on the home front for you. If you'd prefer to be discrete about it, I've taken the liberty to provide an excuse for you. You should receive in the mail an invitation to a conference at the hotel I am staying at.
I think that should suffice.
Au revoir for now.
Even then Susan had to play it back another time to make sure she had heard everything right. And then yet again to try to analyze it for nuances.
What did Julien mean by all this? Was this truly just an innocent catch-up? A simple lunch invitation? Why the opportunity for subterfuge in that case? Would she really try to conceal an innocuous meal get-together?
Given that it was Julien, she probably would have to! Matt would be highly suspicious of the motivations of both parties. And fair enough too - after all, why hadn'thebeen invited along too? And what about Clara, Julien's vixen wife? Was she also coming out to Australia from France?
Susan's mind raced through all the possibilities. The house was silent but for a clock ticking nearby in the kitchen, its beat so much slower than her own thumping heart.
It was just the sort of dilemma that Susan had been dreading this past year or so. Or at least she told herself that such an invitation would be dreaded. She was all too aware that a certain part of her thrilled to the idea. Every so often, the thought of something like this happening would well up and form the core of a dark fantasy. One which led to certain amount of guilt when it was over - but only after several intense and breathlessly satisfying climaxes first...
********************
There was no conference invitation in the mail that day. Nor the next. Nor the day after that. Susan began to wonder whether the whole thing was some weird ruse.
She had deleted the voicemail straight away after those initial listenings. She had practically jumped a very appreciative Matt when he arrived home from work that first day. The next he had been out late with his work, and Susan had brought herself off before dinner, then chosen to eat her meal naked. Eventually she had resorted to an old vibrator she hadn't used in years, all the while trying resolutelynotto think of Julien.
It was hard though. That monster cock for a start. It really was straight out of some extreme porn film! And that black, muscular body. And things he did with his hands. And his stamina and control!
The excitement of extra-martial sex had been tremendous. The agony of the flirtation that had spiralled quickly from innocent to provocative, and had built to an unsustainable pressure. Then the sweet, sweet blessed release that had come from finally giving in and letting Julien have his way.
Or letting herself have her own way, Susan reflected. It had been as much about giving in to her desires as well. Susan had given up ever trying to accurately recount the number of orgasms she had experienced over those 2 or 3 days with him.
And yet, as Julien himself had so persuasively foretold, her relationship with Matt was stronger now than ever. And her sex life with Matt continued to be great. Certainly it had flagged a little prior to their time in France, but it was better than ever now.
In fact, things really were just fine at present. She had absolutely no need for such a naughty rendezvous - if in fact that was what Julien was planning. Knowing him though, surely that was exactly what he he had in mind! Though there continued to be nothing from him in the mail.
Susan began to hope that perhaps nothing would arrive after all. Then the decision would be taken out of her hands. Julien could remain just what he had been for the past 12 months - a fond memory of someone who had re-invigorated her relationship with Matt, and a source of some very erotic memories and fantasies.
********************
The emotional shock receded over the next few days. Susan was surprised, and displeased, at just how much his message had affected her. After all, she had pretty much determined to live life as though nothing of consequence had happened back there in France. What happens on holidays...
At the time, the days straight after they had left Clara and Julien were a whirlwind of travel - trying to connect trains with flights, and vice versa. Plus a quick drop-in visit with Matt's aunt in Lyon. There hadn't been much of an opportunity to debrief about what had gone on.
Susan had no idea that Matt had been privy to so many of her sexual exploits with Julien. On his part, he was reluctant to bring the subject up, because "officially" he knew nothing about them. Even though Matt was bursting to talk about it all, and discuss the implications for their future, Susan didn't mention it at all in those early days following. They were both sexually super-charged though - that much was obvious. They would jump each other at the slightest chance of any privacy. Susan even consented to giving Matt a blow-job during the overnight leg of one of the flights back to Australia.
But she continued to choose not to openly acknowledge or share what had happened. Partly this was because as time went by, she felt more and more guilty about what she had done.
She didn't regret it - oh, no! Not in the slightest. Though she did think that perhaps sheoughtto feel some regret - but that wasn't quite the same thing.
Ironically, if Susan had known that Matt knew all about it, then coming clean would have been easier. But for his part, he felt Susan could get extremely offended to think he had known about it all along and never told her.
And so it went on. And of course the longer things went without sharing the truth, the harder it became to break the ice, or be the first one to bring it up. And so it had continued. Their thoughts and deeds and desires left unspoken between them.
But now, finally, just as Susan had begun to think the message from Julien was all some sort of mistake, she received the package.
It wasn't large. Nor did it have any foreign markings, and it had local Aussie stamps on the outside. But Susan suspected it was from Julien from the first. It felt unusually soft and pliable. Inside was the promised mock "invitation" - looking all very professional - as well as a lacy white thong. Clipped to it was a note that said "Wear this - for old times sake!".
Susan blushed and thrust them to the back of her underwear drawer. But she clipped the invitation to the fridge. And fucked Matt's brains out twice that evening.
********************
Three weeks later, Susan sat fidgeting with her napkin at a table at the hotel Julien had mentioned. She was 15 minutes early but still, since Julien had said he was staying at this hotel, she had expected he might be there already waiting for her.
Perhaps he thought she might not come. Even that very morning Susan had been unsure herself of her own mind. Part of her wanted to go and meet him. The thrill of the forbidden, the clandestine, was so intoxicating. But then again, maybe it was all above board and no hanky-panky was intended. Susan knew herself well enough to realise that a part of her would be disappointed if that were so.
The other part wanted him to flatter her. She wanted to desired. But she also wanted to see if she could resist his charms. The only way to know if she had the will to resist him was to actually be placed in that very situation of temptation.
She squirmed nervously in her seat. She rarely ever wore a thong, and she was well aware of it as she sat there. Sitting alone at the table, she suddenly felt rather foolish.What on earth was she doing here? Why hadn't she just ignored the message and the note?
She glanced around, half looking for Julien and half making sure there wasn't anyone else in the dining room who might recognize her. The mundane chatter of other patrons, the tinkling of cutlery and glasses - the very ordinariness of everything around her took the wind out of her sails. She was tempted to quickly get up and leave before Julien had even arrived.
My life is quite good the way it is, she reflected.Why did I agree to all this silly subterfuge?
You know jolly well why you agreed to it, another part of her mind answered, and flashed up images of that first time when Julien had seduced her. And several follow up images of her and Julien fucking on the boat.
But I don't need it,she argued.
Yes - but you want it!
Well, I shouldn't!her rational mind countered.I don't need complications like this in my life.
But it wouldn't be much of a complication, her desire continued to soothe.Just a quick rendezvous. Nothing more. Anyway, he may not be planning anything like that. Says more about what you want than what he wants!
She snorted at that thought then, embarrassed, turned it into a kind of cough. And then she saw him.
He strode quickly through the other tables as Susan quickly tried to recover her composure and calm her beating heart.Breathe slowly, she told herself. Julien loomed up next to her table. She stood up as he arrived. He kissed her on one cheek, then the other, then the first one again.
"Bonjour, cherie." Susan trembled slightly just to year his voice again. She willed herself to stay cool.
"Bonjour, Julien." The words can out less clearly than she would have liked given that her mouth had gone a bit dry.
He smiled warmly. "Sit, please. Have you been here long?"
"A few minutes," she replied, sitting herself down and placing her trembling hands in her lap. "I took the train and it actually came on time for once."
"Ah, the troubles of public transport - they are the same everywhere." Julien paused and held out his hands across the table. Susan reluctantly brought hers out from her lap to place them in his. "I must say you look even more ravishing than I remember."
Susan blushed but ironically she felt calmer inside.I knew it, she thought.He's just trying to get into my pants again.Aloud she said, "You haven't changed - as charming as ever."Yes, charming with a physique to drool over. It was going to be worth coming here just to gawk at him for a whole meal.
But those moments alone before he had arrived had swung her mind finally. She thought she had better put her foot down at the very start, or it might be too late afterwards. Better make her intentions clear from the outset, so as not to lead him on under false pretences.
"I'm not going to have sex with you," she announced abruptly. Julien nearly choked on his water, but he smiled.
"Cherie, don't go making rash promises." He glanced around the dining room. "I'm sure the other hotel guests will be glad to eat their lunch in peace." Susan blushed at his insinuation she had been referring to right here and now. "Come now, set your mind at ease, I've invited you for a meal, non?"
Susan relaxed a little. Well, at least she'd said it now. There followed a ridiculously pleasant lunch. The food was delicious - though Susan found she paid little heed to it. She was surprised at how comfortable it was between them. She had wondered if it might be a very awkward meal with long silences. But Julien really was charming. Witty and funny at times too.
Towards the end of the meal, Susan finally remembered to ask about Clara. She was out here with him after all, but had wanted to visit the Opera House and do some shopping. At least that was the official explanation for her absence at the hotel. Plausible but oh so convenient! Julien had had some business meetings in Melbourne during the past week. The two of them had just the one night in Sydney before flying back to Europe tomorrow.
Throughout the meal Julien had not given any hint that he might want something more than just a lunch catch-up. But as the meal came closer to its end, Susan found her pulse rate rising again in anticipation of what he might try. Would he suggest something further? Would she accept?
Being in his company for a hour had melted a little of her resolve. He had touched her hand just once during the meal, but it had send electric shivers through her. At times, as she looked at him across the table, it was hard not recall him kissing her, licking her...fucking her. She began to feel unsure again. The memories of last year in France were reaching out their tentacles to envelop her, and like Medusa, every time one was thrust back, several more seemed to spring up in it's place. But could she really cheat on Matt again? This time in cold blood, so to speak.
The waiter came to collect the last of their plates and cups. "Clara and I have a top floor penthouse with the most stunning harbor views. Would like to take a tea or coffee up there?"
Damn - he was really not declaring his hand very openly at all. Or was he? Was an invitation to see the sights just an excuse to come up for sex?
Heart pounding, aching to see where this was all leading, Susan nodded her acquiescence. They left the restaurant and crossed the hotel lobby. Susan felt a bit wobbly; part nervousness, part desire. She felt the eyes of the concierge at the desk boring into her, though she realized it might just be her guilty imagination at work. Nevertheless, she didn't dare look at him in case she saw in his face an expression of understanding as he watched the two of them head to the elevators together.
But the whole scene looked so innocent anyway, surely? There was no body contact at all. They could be just friends of the opposite sex, or colleagues perhaps, heading off up to the penthouse suite...together...by themselves...in the middle of the day.
The elevator came and they rode up in silence. Susan was awash with anxiety - afraid that things were not superficially innocent after all, and equally afraid that they were! Deep down she felt an undercurrent of innuendo and expectation, but Julien gave no inkling of anything untoward at all.
In a somewhat dreamlike state, Susan plodded the soft carpet leading from the elevator to the door of the penthouse. Julien used the access key and swung open the door. Her mouth dropped open at the stunning vista ahead of her. She walked in, mesmerized by the huge windows which looked over the harbor, taking in the Opera House, the Harbour Bridge, and so much more.
"Wow," she breathed. Without thinking, she went forward and sat on a couch facing the floor-to-ceiling windows and gawped. "You weren't joking.This is incredible! I've lived here all my life, but I've never got to see such a view!"
Julien walked over to the window - about two meters away, then turned to face her. Susan's eyes, being at crotch level, noticed the huge bulge in his pants. Her mouth went dry, and the stunning harbor views were suddenly forgotten, as memories from France again flooded through her.
Her mind was instantly away with visions of the past. Oh yes, she knew exactly what was cooped up inside those pants! She smiled as she remembered how he seduced her and how she had ridden him for the very first time. How she could barely get her dainty fingers around his girth. How warm and hard and throbbing and tender and delicious was his manhood. God, was ever a man so blessedly endowed!
Julien's voice broke into her reverie, and she snapped her eyes up to his face guiltily. "I still think about our time together a lot?" he said quietly. "Do you?"
Susan's mind swirled.Of course I do!she wanted to scream, but she only nodded mutely.
He smiled. "I hope they are fond memories?"
Susan's mouth went dry. She couldn't speak to answer if she'd wanted to. His smile broadened further. Slowly, deliberately, both his hands moved down towards his groin. Susan watched, mesmerized. He unzipped his fly and unbuckled his belt in silence. With a sudden, swift movement he pulled his pants and jocks down and his cock sprung free.
Revealed in all its glory, Susan felt as if it truly was an object of worship and adoration.
"Come," he said simply. It was not a command, nor an invitation, and yet it was both. A permission to re-live some wild extra-marital sex, and a confident assertion that Susan would take hold of the opportunity with both hands. Literally!
Susan's eyes were firmly at crotch level. As if under the spell of that bewitching thick, pulsating, magical staff, Susan obediently came crawling across the carpet to him. She came on hands and knees.
And then it began - a blessed release of pent-up passion and lust. She began by adoring his dick with her mouth. Her hands, tiny around his width, grabbed hold of his base as she ran her lips up and down the shaft, planting kisses, moaning as she went. God, how she had missed him! Had missed this!
She cupped his balls in her mouth and softly tugged on them whilst slowly pumping his shaft with her right hand. She felt his hands on her head, caressing her hair, and lust was stoked into full flame.
In that moment she felt as desired as she had ever felt. She felt wicked, seductive, needed. Indeed, somewhat strangely, she felt in control. She was not being seduced - she was going into this quite deliberately. Indeed, her heart had known it from the very start. She was always going to fuck him, or let him fuck her. It didn't matter which.
Or did it?As she slurped on his meat and heard his excited moans, she realized how much trouble he had gone to to set this up. How much he desperately wanted to be with her again. And she decided she would not be just a willing accomplice or plaything, she would be an instigator too. She was going to set the agenda for a bit.
Susan reached out with her left hand, and it snaked behind his ass. She felt him shift his weight slightly, opening his legs a little wider. She withdrew the hand and shoved it down her pants, quickly scooping up the moisture inside her knickers. Returning to his ass, she delved into his crack, her fingers finding his hole. She began to deep-throat him at the same time, taking as much of his penis in her mouth as she could.
She'd been working on her technique, and Julien was surprised and delighted to find just how deep she could take him now orally. At the same time she simultaneously pumped his cock with her right hand and pressed a finger of her left inside him from the rear.
Julien had been hoping against hope for another sexual encounter, but she had been playing it pretty cool over lunch. He had been building up this re-union in his mind for months, confident but not wanting to be overly so. Now, in the space of a minute, there had been an utter transformation. Susan the desirable, the hopefully attainable, was now Susan the wanton sex vixen.
It was all too much for him. He could normally hold off an orgasm for hours, but the build-up, the tease and uncertainty; the memories of previous seductions and culminations, combined with Susan's lustful actions now brought him suddenly and unexpectedly to the edge. Julien looked down at her in shock. He hadn't come this close, this quickly for a long time. Rather than fight it, Julien decided to give in and ride it. He moaned loudly and pressed down harder on her head. Encouraged, Susan pushed harder, burying her finger further inside his ass. She realized things were already past the point of no return for him.He's going to cum - and soon,she thought.
Julien began to grunt as he felt her hand close hard around his shaft, tight like a cock-ring. He could't hold it back any longer - didn't want to hold back - and he exploded down her throat quite unexpectedly, gasping and moaning. It was too much for Susan, who didn't get much warning at all. She began to gag on the waves of semen spewing forth in a torrent, and his cock slipped from between her lips. His dick kept on pumping though - spurt after spurt of hot spunk, some hitting her face and neck, and some strands even on top of her head.
It was warm and sticky, slightly salty on her lips, but Susan couldn't help feeling thrilled. She'd brought him off in record time. That knowledge sent a strong wave of power through her. She felt alive and potent in a way she'd rarely ever experience - almost masculine in its virility.
She had even felt the spasms of Julien's orgasm contract around the finger she'd had inside his ass, and the movement had caused her finger to pop out. Julien looked down at her in amused delight. "Cherie, that was truly wonderful. Your technique... trés merveilleux!"
Susan smiled, but just sat back feeling pleased with herself. She realized she'd better take care of her appearance, lest his semen get onto her dress. That could so easily lead to awkward questions!
She rose slightly stiffly to her feet. "I think I'll just go and freshen up," she said demurely.
Julien leaned in and gave her a warm, long kiss on the lips. "Don't be long," he breathed hotly.
Susan headed off to the bathroom for a quick shower. But first she stopped and leaned on the doorway leading from the room. Supporting herself that way she lifted first one leg, then the other, to unbuckle her sandals and slip them off. Without looking around to see if Julien was still watching her, she shimmied out of her dress and let it fall to the floor. Wearing only the white lace G-string she moved away to find the shower.
In the bathroom she paused to inspect herself in the mirror above the basin. If sexy and disheveled was the look she was going for, then she had certainly achieved it! Her golden hair was tousled, and several strands of Julien's cum were on the top of her head. Her lipstick was mostly gone, though some had smudged off to the side on her right. There was more cum streaked on her chin and neck as well.
The rest of her looked great, she mused. Her breasts were full and perky, the nipples still hard. Her stomach was flat and toned. Turning slightly she could see her tight ass, and she twerked her butt cheeks for the fun of it.
She slipped off the thong and stepped into the shower. As she soaped her face and neck, she wondered if Julien might sneak in and join her. She thought about him fucking her amidst the steaming water. The shower stall was large and had two shower heads, so neither of them would get cold.
But time ticked by and Julien didn't appear. In washing herself she instinctively cleaned her pussy too, even though it hadn't had any direct action as yet. Her fingers felt so good as they slipped between her folds. In her minds eye Julien came up from behind her and fucked her crazily as she braced herself against the shower wall. She looked around wistfully at the empty bathroom. Susan thought about bringing herself off there and then but reluctantly desisted. She turned off the water and reached for one of the fluffy white towels.
Body dried, hair wrapped up in the towel, Susan left the bathroom to find out what Julien was doing. But he was waiting for her as she exited the bathroom. He was totally nude now too, and he forced her up against the nearest wall, his body crushing hers, his mouth suddenly upon her own. The towel fell to the floor as his hands reached behind her neck, pulling her mouth hungrily onto his.
She felt the heat of his body and the passion in his embrace and kiss and knew he was terribly horny still. After a desperate minute of tongue-kissing, Julien dropped suddenly to his knees. Without further ado he forced her legs apart a little and dove right in. He began licking up and around her labia. Susan sighed. Her hands went down to rest lightly on his dark head. She spread her legs further apart.
"Your turn now," Julien grunted, then his mouth disappeared into her folds again. His tongue was at her clit - tickling, teasing, tormenting. On and off, off and on, his tongue darted in and around and over and under. Gradually he concentrated more and more on her swollen nub. Susan's hands were now grasping Julien's head quite hard, half pulling him into her and and half making sure he wouldn't leave there until she'd climaxed.
She felt a tingle in her buttocks and her muscles tensed as she felt her arousal rise within her. The pent-up emotion of the day was surfacing and she was aching for release. She came loudly, crying "Oh! Oh!" again and again. Her body bucked against the wall behind her as she gave herself to the pleasure. She had hold of Julien by the ears, though she didn't realise until the waves of delight had receded a little.
"Oh, I'm so sorry," she murmured, letting go. Julien sat back on his haunches, rubbing his ears. "That's ok," he grimaced. "I can tell you enjoyed it...even though I couldn't hear you!"
He grinned up at her, but Susan just flattened herself back against the wall, panting. Julien got to his feet. "Let's find somewhere a little more comfortable, shall we?".
********************
Around 4pm Susan was lying naked on the king-size bed gently playing with Julien's balls and gazing lovingly at that fantastic cock.She could never tire of looking at it, she thought. Even at half strength it was at least as long as Matt's, and probably thicker too.
They had fucked twice since he had taken her to orgasm with his tongue. The first time was right there in the carpeted hallway - a desperate race to consummate their lust. Usually the first thing Susan desired after an orgasm was to have her cunt filled. They hadn't made it to the bedroom after all.
The second was slower but equally passionate. They had tried several positions on the bed before Julien had coaxed her back out into the lounge. There he had taken her from behind as they knelt together in front of the massive windows overlooking Sydney harbor.
They had retreated back to the bedroom after that for some further gentle caressing. Susan looked at the clock beside the bed and then sighed out loud. Julien guessed what was on her mind.
"Not thinking about leaving, ma cherie?"
Susan squeezed his dick. "Well, I don't want to, but it'll take me a while to drive home from here at this hour. And won't Clara be finished shopping soon?"
Julien smiled. "Clara won't come back until I let her know." Susan blushed a little, realising that Julien's wife knew exactly what the two of them were up to.
"Why don't you stay the night here with me?" he asked unexpectedly.
Her heart began pounding away inside her. "What? How could I? What would I say to Matt?" As much as she longed for this to be able to happen, there was absolutely no possible excuse that was not going raise Matt's suspicions. None. But Julien was smiling at her.
"I don't want to have come all this way for just a measly 3 or 4 hours with you." Susan's left hand was still circling his dick and she felt it engorging again. She was surprised. He'd already unloaded inside her twice, plus being jacked off at the very start of proceedings, and here he was readying for more! Fucking randy bugger! Had he been saving himself for her for a while then? That thought made her feel all the more horny.
"I'd love to spend more time with you, but what about Matt? He'll know something dodgy is going on."
Julien's mouth twitched but his expression was serious. "Clara can take care of Matt."
And there it was. A simple solution after all.
But was she prepared to pay the cost? The price of a night of sexual thrills was to let her husband do the same with Clara. Susan had been able to partly block out her husband's side of the affair in France because it all happened conveniently away from her whilst she was distracted with Julien.
Matt had never stated overtly that he'd been together with Clara. Susan realized now that she had not pressed him about it, because it was convenient for her not to know for certain. Because that meant owning up to not just her own lust and infidelity, but that she'd given tacit permission for him to be unfaithful as well!
And here she was being asked to give that permission quite openly. True, it was not directly to Matt. But she'd be admitting it to Julien, and probably to Clara as well. So there was no hiding it from herself any longer.
Could she do it? Her own body was crying out for more. She looked into Julien's face. He smiled at her and she felt his dick throb in her hand. She looked down and saw precum glistening at the very top. She felt her own internal lubrication increase and she wanted to touch herself. The temptation was too much. She didn't know where this might lead, but she wanted to go there anyway.
"Ok." she said quietly.
Julien leaned over to the bedside table for his mobile. He pressed a few buttons. "Salut. Susan's going to stay with me. Can you look after Matt?" A short silence then "Merci, cherie. J'taime."
He hung up and then climbed on top of Susan. He slid his hardening dick along her wet opening. "This will be a night to remember!".
********************
Later Julien ordered room service for an afternoon snack. Given the amount he ordered, it was actually more of a meal. He put the dishes on a table he had moved to be in front of the large windows. They ate naked sitting opposite each other, watching the ferry boats chug out from Circular Quay, some turning past the Opera House, others diving under the magnificent Harbor Bridge.
After polishing off 2 croissants, a fruit tart, and a mandarin, Julien offered her another profiterole. Susan shook her head. "I'm getting full."
"Go on," he urged. "You'll need to keep up your energy levels."
Susan reached under the table and placed her hand on Julien's cock. "This is all I need to keep me going."
Julien smiled. "Even so," he said, putting the last dessert onto her plate.
Susan's eyes narrowed suspiciously. "Have you got something in mind?" she asked before filling her mouth with another creamy dessert.
He put down his fork. "Have you ever been to a strip club, cherie?" Susan almost choked and her eyes flew wide in surprise. She hadn't imagined they would be spending much of the next 12 hours outside the bed, let alone out of the hotel room!
She took a sip of water to clear her throat before spluttering, "I'm sorry! A what?"
"A strip club? At least that is how I think it is called in English. You know, where women take off their..."
"Yes, yes. A strip club." Seeing as he was in earnest, she laid aside her fork too. "Um, does a male stripper at a hen's night count?"
"I'm talking about an actual venue. Sometimes referred to as a 'Gentlemen's Club'."
"No," Susan shook her head. "Never seen the point really."
"Ever done any pole dancing?"
"No - though I'm starting to guess where this is headed". She pushed her empty plate away and sat back in her chair folding her arms across her breasts. "Just what are you scheming?"
Julien smiled at her. "I've arranged for you to have a little private tutorial."
Susan arched her eyebrows. "Pole dancing? Stripping?"
"I thought you could then put on a private dance for me afterwards."
Susan took a quick glance around the room. "There's no pole here."
Julien laughed. "Not here. At the club."
"I couldn't do that."
"Why not? I've hired a private room there."
"Oh."
Julien smiled and patted her hand reassuringly. "You'll love it. I promise you."
********************
Julien held Susan's hand as they walked the short distance from the hotel to the club. He felt her trembling slightly. He gave her a gentle squeeze of reassurance and comfort. The evening was dark already and a cold wind whipped through the valleys between the chains of skyscrapers on either side of the busy street.
Susan saw the club's logo coming up and felt her heartbeat accelerate further. The gaudy neon lights advertised "The Banana Lounge" prominently. All too quickly they were at the entrance. Steps led down to a bright yellow double door. A couple of guys in uniforms stood at the top of the steps - partly acting as security and partly spruiking the place to passers-by.
Julien, with Susan on his arm was waved straight through with a smile and a nod. Susan kept her eyes mostly down however, not wanting to take any chances of being spotted by anyone she knew.
They pushed through the doors into a pulsating world of vibrant color and loud music. A dazzling topless blonde woman in a French maid's uniform immediately attended to them, relieving them of their coats. The temperature of the club was comfortably warm. As she turned away, revealing bronzed and toned ass cheeks on either side of a skimpy thong, Susan realized that such warmth was needed if the staff were to all dress like her!
A bar began not far in front of her, and curved away in a large semi-circle to the right. Several patrons were seated on stools keeping some skimpily clad female bartenders busy. A smartly dressed middle-aged man seemed to be keeping a watchful eye on proceedings, chatting familiarly with some of the customers.
Julien moved his mouth close to Susan's ear. "I'm going to have a quick word with the owner, ma cherie."
He moved off to the bar, leaving Susan alone. She scanned the area. A small circular stage with a pole in the middle of it lay immediately to their right. A techno beat was pumping and strobe lighting revealed a woman performing a strip tease to an admiring throng. There seemed to be quite a crowd already and they were fairly raucous. Beyond that there seemed to be semi-private booths, though it was difficult to tell whether they were currently occupied or not. Deeper inside the club was a larger stage, though unlit and empty at present.
Susan was surprised (and somewhat relieved) to find she was not the only female present amongst the audience. Though males clearly predominated, about one fifth of the clientele seemed to be women. Susan tried to guess how they came to be at such a club. A "Gentleman's Club" as she thought they were referred to. Were they gay - come to watch women strip? Surely not. Were they with their male partners? Again Susan felt this unlikely, but before she had much time to consider, Julien was returning accompanied by another man.
Not as tall as Julien, nor as solidly built, he was nonetheless one of the most handsome men Susan had ever seen. Dressed in a tailored suit, he had a smooth suavity and chiselled Italian features.
He gave her a small bow before taking her right hand and pressing it to his lips. "Miss Susan, my name is Riccardo. I'm enchanted to meet you. Thank you for gracing The Banana Lounge with your presence tonight. Your first visit here I believe?"
Susan nodded. "Yes. That is..." she paused, unsure how not to sound a prude.
Riccardo smoothly cut back in. "The first time is always the best," he murmured, almost confidentially.
Julien laughed. "Let's hope so!" Riccardo smiled broadly. "We will make it so," he agreed. "Come this way please?"
Taking Susan's hand, Riccardo led the way behind the excited audience, now cheering wildly as the stripper reached the final stages of undress, and toward the darkened booths. Julien followed closely behind. "Your friend has arranged a lesson with our best performer. You two will get on fabulously, I think. Practically made for each other."
Susan had no idea why he would make such a comment, but decided he was probably quite loose with his words. Quick to overly praise anything and everything - especially to do with his business.
They were past the booths before Susan had much chance to take in whether or not they were indeed empty. Deeper in they reached a plain wooden door. Riccardo dropped Susan's hand and turned to her. "Please wait here while I fetch Jinx." He disappeared through the door.
Susan arched an eyebrow at Julien. "Jinx?"
"Her name I guess. Listen," he moved in close and took both her hands in his, looking deeply and tenderly into her face. "I know you're nervous, but will you do this for me? You trust me don't you, cherie?"
She smiled playfully, "I'm not quite sure just how very trustworthy you really are."
"You can trust me to show a girl a good time, can't you?"
"Oh, yes," and she pulled her body more tightly against his. "That I can trust indeed."
"And will you trust me to push your boundaries safely? To take you places your mind and body crave, but you're too timid to explore on your own?"
Susan felt her nervous excitement flooded with the warmth of lust at these words. Her heart was pounding and passion gripped her. "You've already done that, my dear."
"There's so much yet to explore, cherie! Will you do this for me - if not for yourself?"
Susan paused only an instant. "Tell me the arrangement again?"
"You will have a private one-on-one instruction from this 'Jinx' lady. After that, you get to show me what you've learned!"
"And will it be for you alone?"
Julien paused. "Would it excite you to know that there were others watching too? Would it turn you on?"
It was Susan's turn to pause. "I think I'd be pretty nervous," she replied.
But her mind had drifted back to the time when she had been sun-baking nude on Julien's yacht. The thought that perhaps the 2 mechanics had been spying on her had aroused her so much that she had openly masturbated to orgasm. Even though she had never been quite sure if they had seen it all or not, there was no denying what it had done to her libido!
Julien knew that the lack of an outright "no" meant a probable "yes", and smiled. "There is more exhibitionist inside you than you know."
Susan smiled back. "Maybe - though I'll be dancing just for you. You know that, don't you?"
"Bien sûr," he muttered, and they kissed just as the door opened again.
Riccardo had returned, and with him was a stunning, voluptuous woman. She was perhaps just a slightest bit taller than Susan with dark wavy hair that curled down past her shoulders. Her face was smooth, her lips full, her eyes a clear vibrant blue. A short dress covered her other obvious assets, but only just. Her full breasts struggled to be contained and looked as if they might spill free over the low-cut neckline at any moment. And it ended higher than any dress she had ever seen, making Jinx's bottom half look almost all legs. Not that there was any problem with that.
"Susan, may I introduce you to Jinx. She will be your instructor for the next hour. She is the finest dancer I've ever seen. Whatever she can't teach you, isn't worth knowing."
Jinx looked neither embarrassed by Riccardo's words, nor did she seem overly flattered either. She just accepted them as fact. She exuded a confidence in herself that said she knew she was hot. She didn't need other people's words to confirm this or not.
She stepped forward and embraced Susan warmly. "Lovely to meet you. You are stunning." Her voice was slightly breathy, and there was a trace of an accent that Susan couldn't immediately place.
Before Susan could stammer out a reply, Riccardo was introducing Jinx to Julien, who greeted her with a very French 3 kisses on the cheek. The sudden flush Susan had felt with Jinx's greeting had begun to fade. She was surprised at the intensity of feeling it had drawn from her. The way Jinx had said those words. The way she had looked at her, first her eyes, then the rest of her body. The warmth of the quick embrace and satin feel of her skin. These all combined to leave Susan momentarily breathless. She had rarely felt such desire before.
And then it was gone, and Jinx was happily chatting, almost flirtatiously with Julien. Susan felt a surge of jealousy, but couldn't decide which of them she felt jealous of!
Jinx turned back to Susan. Taking her firmly by the arm she led her away. "I hope you don't mind the smell backstage. It's quite hot under the lights, and you work up a sweat quite quickly." She lowered her voice, "Plus, often I get so turned on I have to masturbate as soon as I get off stage."
She pushed open a door and held it open. Has Susan brushed past her body to gain access to the room, Jinx added in a low voice. "That's if I haven't come already during the dance," and she gave a little wink. The door led into to a small room that could just as easily be a meeting room as a rehearsal space. Jinx looked around and smiled. "Let's get started shall we?"
********************
Susan checked her appearance for the umpteenth time in the mirror. A peaked police cap topped her golden head, cheekily askew. She was dressed in a short-sleeve police shirt whose button up front was definitely not standard issue. Tight navy hot pants and long black boots completed her ensemble.
She smiled at Jinx in the mirror. Her theme was clearly that of a criminal. She wore a small black beanie on her head, a figure-hugging black and white striped long-sleeve top and black high-heels. She had ditched any skirt or pants though. Fishnet stockings hugged her long legs up to suspenders that connected at mid-thigh and finished at a garter belt. A black g-string completed the outfit.
They had come up with the idea of both dancing together. Jinx had gone through various "stripper moves". At first Susan had been a bit too tense and distracted to take in all of Jinx's instructions. The dancer quickly realized that getting alongside her would be the best idea, and it had immediately helped settle Susan. She felt relieved to have Jinx at her side, helping her through the moves, reminding her, acting as model. It also felt good that she would no longer be the sole focus of everyone's attentions. That made a great deal of difference in her mind. She found she could put the idea of stripping in front of hundreds of strangers out of her mind as she just focussed on the woman beside her.
She could feel a growing chemistry between them. The bumping and grinding, the sexual nature of the moves, the way Jinx got to show off her exquisite curves, the physical contact they were sharing, all had quite an effect on Susan's libido. She began to realize Jinx might not have been joking when she talked of masturbating after a show.
She found herself wondering in what way Jinx masturbated. Did she bring herself off with her fingers each time? Or did she have some favorite toys stashed somewhere close to hand? Or did she just grab and use whoever might have been nearby to relieve those sexual urges?
She looked over again at Jinx's reflection in the mirror. She was staring appreciatively back. "You look hot!" she declared approvingly.
Susan again wondered at her sexual persuasion as she sized her up in the mirror. "I'd say you look hot too, but I'm sure you know it well enough!"
Jinx pursed her lips and arched one eyebrow. "Let's go before I jump you," she declared, taking her by the hand and leading her from the change room.
Heart thumping, Susan followed Jinx through the doorway and onto the stage. She was met by the blinding glare of spotlights and a thumping disco beat. A cheer of approval erupted from many unseen voices. It was uncanny to hear what seemed like a large crowd of people, but not see them at all. Susan managed to not be thrown however, and strutted her way as sexily as she could to join Jinx near front of the circular front stage area.
The music pumped as the two women ground their way through some choreographed moves designed to show off their bodies. The cheering continued, and suddenly Susan was no longer quite as aware of her nerves as she had been. She'd done it. She was doing it! And actually, she was quite liking it!
Jinx moved to the pole and began some contortions, giving the audience a great view of her exposed ass. The catcalls and cheering was louder out here than at the doorway. Far from being embarrassed though, Susan felt the hot blood pump in her veins.
She took her baton and began to run her hands over it in obvious sexual delight. Looking coy she began rubbing it all over her chest, even poking it down her cleavage. She began to gyrate and spin, working the audience and hearing an increase in their cheers as she did so. Emboldened, she rubbed the baton between her legs, arched her back and licked her lips.
She looked over at Jinx who was working a very different phallic object. Up and down the pole, then swinging her body around it. She looked like the seasoned professional stripper that she was.
Susan approached from behind her. It seemed to the audience that Jinx hadn't seen her, facing the front for a few moments and caught up in her own dancing. Susan unclipped the hand-cuffs at her belt, telegraphing her intention to the crowd who yelled in encouragement.
With a sudden move Susan chained Jinx's left hand with the cuffs and then fastened the other end to the pole. Jinx appeared to be shocked and surprised by the move. and struggled to break free. Susan patted the baton against the palm of her left hand menacingly, and Jinx cowered back against the pole, her back to the metal.
Susan ran her baton down the side of Jinx and then up the inside of one of her thighs and down the other, playfully hesitating at her crotch. She dropped the baton to the ground and then lifted Jinx's hands up above her head, her left hand dragging the handcuffs up the pole too. Susan then proceeded to do a "pat down" - or rather, a rub-down really - running her hands down Jinx's arms. She was enjoying getting into the play-acting.
Susan's hands reached Jinx's shirt and then slowly, deliberately, popped each button down her front one by one. She took her time, with Jinx squirming and writhing beneath her touch, looking as if she were torn between wanting to escape but yet enjoying the situation too.
As the last button sprang apart, Susan suddenly pulled back the top revealing Jinx's ample bosom straining inside a black lace bra. Susan ran her hands over Jinx's chest. She felt the soft sheen of sweat on the smooth warm skin: it was getting rather hot under the lights. The music still pumped out a throbbing rhythm and two women swayed and bucked constantly to the beat.
"You sexy bitch," Jinx whispered to her. Susan wasn't sure if it was her way of encouragement, or a way of hotting things up, or what. But Susan felt it. She did feel like a sexy bitch. She moved her body in close now, hands now roaming Jinx's chest freely, running them over and around her bra-covered breasts. Jinx was moaning and sighing, playing up the delight she was feeling. Susan was pretty sure it was no act though.She really gets off on this, Susan thought to herself. She could well believe it because she was feeling more and more turned on too.
She'd never "felt up" a woman like this before and was enjoying it far more than she had expected. The role-play was giving her the permission to explore places she hadn't dared to venture before. Jinx's breasts were large and soft and supple. She suddenly yearned to rip Jinx's bra off and feel them without hindrance.
But that was for later in the show. For now she ran her hands down Jinx's sides, and the cuffed woman turned her back to the crowd. Crouching now, Susan moved to "pat-down" other places too. She ran her hands up one leg and then released the clips of Jinx's suspenders. She rolled it down her leg and took off both it and the sandal on that foot. She repeated the same procedure for the other leg and then moved her hands to Jinx's ass. A thin strip of material covered her crack with glistening bronzed globes of muscle on either side. Jinx thrust backwards from the hips, poking her rear further towards the crowd.
The audience was now barely registering in Susan's mind. She playfully ran her hands over Jinx's ass cheeks. She found herself getting more and more turned on. Jinx had a delicious bottom. It was cute, pert and tight, the skin so smooth - so different to the hairy butt of husband or Julien's slightly rougher rump. Jinx twerked her butt - more for the crowd's sake - but Susan responded too. She kissed both ass cheeks and then mimed licking up along Jinx's butt crack.
She rose to her feet and unlocked the hand cuffs. Now free and dressed only in bra and thong, Jinx moved to even up the clothing stakes. She removed Susan's cap and threw it into the crowd. She stood behind Susan and, reaching around her, began feeling all over her chest. Susan couldn't keep still if she'd wanted too. She seemed to be twisting to get away from Jinx's clutches but somehow seemed unable to break free. And one by one the buttons on her shirt were being released.
With a tug, the shirt was pulled back but only half-way. It still partly wrapped around her middle but had the effect of pinioning her arms to her sides whilst exposing her bosom. She wore the identical bra to Jinx, who now backed her up against the pole and began to ravish her. Her hands played over her hair, her face, her chest. Jinx bent her head and kissed several parts of Susan's breast that weren't covered by her bra.
"God, you're delicious," Jinx muttered and Susan felt like swooning. She was sweating from the lights and the constant movement was making her pant. Or was that her own sexual desire? Susan looked down to watch Jinx plant kisses on her; her lips so red and full. She suddenly wanted those lips to be on her nipples. She could feel they were tight and hard under her bra. More than anything she wanted to rip that bra off and pull Jinx's mouth down to cover her tits, suckling and nibbling them.
Jinx moved away though and, as rehearsed, it was Susan's turn to turn around and display her ass to the crowd. She was virtually oblivious to them by now. Even Julien had been thrust from her mind. She was totally focussed on Jinx. The dancer crouched down and began fondling Susan's ass. Susan wriggled and gyrated seductively to the music. Jinx thumbed the elastic waist of the hot pants and began to slide them further and further down, one side at a time.
Soon her whole butt was exposed, and it was revealed that she too was also wearing a thong to match Jinx. Her hot lips were now at Susan's bottom, planting kisses at random places and fondling her at the same time.
Jinx rose to her feet and the two women turned as one to face each other. As Jinx drew her close, the two of them made as if to kiss one another, but just stopped agonisingly short. Their breasts were almost touching, their hands on each others hips as they swayed.
Jinx turned to nibble Susan's ear. "I want you," she whispered huskily. Susan suddenly felt for the first time ever, that she really possibly could have sex with another woman. With such a straight upbringing it had just never been on her radar before. But here, tonight, in this sexually charged atmosphere, Susan felt that anything might be possible.
She felt Jinx's breasts brush past her own, making her gasp. And then it was time to swivel around and dance back to back. Hands on knees, the two women leaned forward to accentuate their cleavages. For the first time in several minutes, Susan remembered Julien. He must be out there in the crowd somewhere - probably at the front in the middle, she guessed. She remembered that she was putting on a show after all.
After a bit of pelvic thrusting, Susan moved to take a position behind Jinx. The stripper held her own hands in front of her breasts while Susan unclasped her bra. Teasingly she made a show of removing it. She pulled on each end and stretched out her arms, then suddenly whipped it up high and over their heads. A cheer went up, but of course Jinx was still covering them with her hands.
According to their plan, she was supposed to drop her hands and continue the dance, but Jinx began to go off script. She danced provocatively in front of Susan. Susan tried to get her back on track and motioned for her to drop her arms. Jinx shook her head but mouthed a kiss and whispered something Susan didn't quite catch. The meaning was clear enough though: give them a kiss and she will release them. Susan shrugged, happy enough to play along in the moment. She bent her head forward. Jinx shifted her hand slightly to allow her access.
It was all over in a moment. Jinx was at the front of the stage gyrating and showing off her tits to an appreciative crowd. Susan was left with a fleeting memory of her lips touching the soft swell of the first breast and the hard nub of a nipple on the second. She realized that her crotch was soaked and wondered if it was obvious to any onlookers. By then Jinx had taken up a position behind her, and it was time for her to be topless too.
Susan had been dreading this part the most, but now it wasn't the crowd's reaction that made her heart pound, but wondering what Jinx might be playing at. She covered her own breasts with her hands and felt Jinx's soft touch on her back. She felt the hook of her bra being unclasped and then the bra itself being whipped away.
She hadn't deliberately meant to mimic Jinx in leaving her hands covering her breasts, but her mind had been thrown in turmoil, and they hadn't practiced the dance moves so much that it came as second nature to her when her mind went blank. Jinx threw the bra into the crowd and came around to the front, eyeing her chest lustfully. She licked her lips, and Susan realized with a jolt that she wanted her to do the same as she had done before. Hands shaking slightly, she opened them a little way. It was all the encouragement Jinx needed. She dove in with determination.
The shock of Jinx's hot lips surrounding her nipple made Susan gasp. She had momentarily fantasized about this several minutes ago, but the reality took her breath away. Maybe it was the raw desire in the way Jinx went for it. Maybe it was her tongue flicking upwards as her mouth latched onto her breast. Maybe it was those full soft lips caressing her breast. Maybe it was the fact that it was a woman.
Whatever the cause, Susan felt in that upward trajectory toward orgasm. She had never achieved it without some sort of stimulation of her clitoris before, and she knew if she just could touch it now she would explode. Once that thought entered her head, she wanted desperately to act on it.
And perhaps she would have. Perhaps she would have brought herself off on stage in front of hundreds of strangers. Perhaps conservative, shy Susan would have exposed herself as a slutty sex maniac had not the music stopped at that point.
The crowd had no idea of Susan's own internal rhythms. They cheered and yelled at what they felt was a fitting conclusion to the show. But Susan felt only disappointment. And a desperate desire to come.
********************
Dimly Susan was aware of applause and wolf-whistles. Jinx detached herself and turned to acknowledge the accolades. The spotlights were not quite as harsh now, and Susan was still unable to see much beyond a yard or so from the front of the stage. Julien was there though, standing, applauding, smiling. She saw the bulge in his trousers and her desire to be filled flared like a flame inside her. With a few quick steps she reached the edge of the stage - only a foot or so above the lounge floor - and jumped into his waiting arms.
"Take me. Now!" she demanded. And she would have too. If he had dropped his pants right there in front of goodness knows how many people, Susan would have rooted him for all he was worth.
Laughing, Julien turned and guided her naked form through a dimly lit, but appreciative crowd. "Come, ma cherie." She took a few steps, then turned, remembering Jinx. The stage was empty.
Susan allowed herself to be led back towards the door to The Banana Lounge. She felt confused and disappointed. She felt her potential orgasm receding. If she wasn't going to play any further with Jinx, then at least let Julien take her swiftly now, she thought. She wanted to be taken and filled on the spot. Every minute without a meaty cock inside her was a minute wasted as far as she was concerned right now!
A part of Susan's mind was surprised at just how lustful she had been feeling. How achingly turned on she was by doing things she'd never dreamed she might try: exhibiting herself and foreplay with a woman. God - which was hotter?
Before she knew it they were collecting their jackets, and Julien was wrapping her up in her own black woollen coat. In a daze, she passed back up the steps and into a blustery cold night. It was a short walk back to the hotel and Susan remembered nothing of it later. The next clear recollection was the warmth of the hotel lobby, and when the elevator doors closed she quickly shed her coat and it fell in a heap at her feet.
Julien's surprised laugh was interrupted as she mashed her lips desperately into his. Her tongue was pressed inside his mouth and her body pressed hard against him, pushing him back against one of the walls. She tasted alcohol in his mouth. Julien made no protest, his hands tracing her smooth back and then cupping both butt cheeks, pulling her harder against his own aroused member.
The elevator reached their floor and the doors opened. Susan broke free of the kiss and the embrace, and walked off without a backward glance. Again Julien laughed. He stooped to retrieve her coat and followed her. The corridor was empty. He marvelled to himself as he saw her buttocks wriggle as she walked in front of him. All this from the same woman who had protested at lunchtime that she wouldn't be fucking him under any circumstance.
"Luckily one of us still has their room card," he smirked as she waited at the locked hotel room. She didn't answer, but kissed him again. Hard. He returned the kiss, but his mounting passion led him to fumble the card in the direction of the lock.
Soon they were inside. Susan pulled him by his tie, walking backwards in front of him, directing them to the bedroom. They progressed slower than she would have liked, but didn't mind too much since he was shedding shoes, socks and pants as they went.
When they reached the bed, Julien had only his shirt (half-unbuttoned) and tie still on. Susan moved around behind him and pushed him roughly down onto the bed. He twisted so as to land on his back, smiling at her aggression. Susan's eyes were on his meaty cock, all thick and juicy and throbbing. Wetness gleamed over the tip.
"Good to see you're ready to service me," she announced. He shifted himself more fully onto the bed as she advanced on him.
Julien smiled. "You - you're like a ...a...achienin heat."
"A bitch? A bitch in heat?"
"Oui, that's it. I couldn't remember the English word for a moment."
"I'll give you bitch!" she cried, jumping onto the bed on all fours and crawling over his legs to position herself closer to his erection. But before she plunged herself down onto his pole, she leaned forward and grabbed his tie, pulling up on it. "That was fucking amazing!" she almost whispered.
He smiled. "De rien," he said as she grabbed hold of his manhood. She was so wet and ready that despite his girth she slid easily down most of his length in one quick thrust. Maybe she was just adjusting to his size, or maybe it reflected how desperate she was, but he went in easier than any previous fuck session they'd had.
Julien sighed aloud. Both hands planted on his chest, Susan lifted off until the tip was just still inside and then slammed her body down. One of them moaned loudly, Susan wasn't sure which - possibly both. She'd taken his whole length inside her in just two thrusts.
Her eyes were wide and gleaming with desire. "I've never felt so desperate for sex before. Ever!" Without moving up or down, she tightened her grip on him. She felt him pulsate in response.
"I don't know," he grinned. "I can think of a couple of other times."
Susan blushed a little, thinking back to France. Her hips rose and fell, her internal muscles constricting rhythmically as she gyrated on his cock. It glistened as it emerged from within her and squelched as she implanted herself fully on him once more.
"If only I'd known what pushed your buttons earlier," Julien smiled. Susan's face reddened again. She wanted to deny it - to herself even more than to him - but she couldn't.
"That Jinx - she really knows how to turn a man on, doesn't she?" he said, and taking firm hold of her hips he thrust up into her. "Or a woman," he added cheekily.
"Shut up!" she replied, but could barely suppress a smile. Her hands were now placed on his muscular chest, and she began to thrust down herself to meet his upcoming ones.
"You are desperate, aren't you?" Julien sneered. "There's no going back after tonight, you know. No going back to only vanilla sex."
"What...are...you...talking...about?" Susan grunted as she thrusted, but was barely paying attention to what he was saying. She just wanted a hard, deep fucking, and was concentrating on getting it.
Amidst the panting and slapping, another noise was heard. The whirring and clicking of a door lock. It sounded so close that it made Susan pause in her pounding for a moment. Then followed the sound of a door closing shut firmly.
Susan gave a hushed giggle. "That sounded like it could almost be in our room," she said, surprised. But the next moment the smile died on her lips and she froze in place as they heard unmistakeable footsteps coming their way. Susan was too shocked to move and so she just stayed where she was. And so she was straddling Julien, impaled on his cock, when Jinx walked into the bedroom.
"Hi guys," she purred. "Started without me?" Slithering out of her dress, it buckled in a pile at the bottom of her shapely legs. She stepped out of it and approached the bed. She had no bra and was dressed only in the same black thong. She placed a door card onto a nearby low table.
"You took a while," Julien murmured.
Jinx ignored him and addressed Susan, who was, literally, rooted to the spot still. "I thought we could pick up where we left off."
Jinx pulled off her underwear and moved behind Susan, climbing onto the bed behind Susan and straddling Julien's lower legs. Susan felt the warmth of Jinx's body press against her from behind, the swell of her full breasts rubbing against her naked back.
Her mind was swirling. Here was a woman who just minutes ago was pressing all her buttons, taking her into realms of eroticism she had never contemplated before. But to have her suddenly intrude on her private love-making - well, was this what she wanted? Stripping. Lesbian desires. And now a threesome? Really?
She felt Jinx's arms wrap around her body, her hands circling her abdomen with firm smooth strokes.Let it go, part of Susan's mind whispered to herself.Let it happen. Give in to your desires and see where it takes you!
Her desires. They had receded significantly upon the shock of this unexpected intrusion. But Jinx's hands were already coming into contact with Susan's lower breasts as they roamed slowly further and further. She looked down and saw her nipples harden as Jinx's manicured fingers began cupping the undersides of her breasts. Further down, her pubic hair mangled with Julien's as she still sat with his cock buried to the hilt inside her. The flames leaped into life again. She gasped - partly at the ferocity of the wave of desire that engulfed her, and partly because female hands had reached her sensitive areolae for the first time and began to pull on her hard nubs.
Involuntarily Susan started grinding her pelvis down and clenching her pelvic muscles. Julien began some small upthrusts of his own. Jinx pulled harder on her nipples and pressed even further into her back from behind.
Jinx's hot breath was in Susan's ear, "Keep going! That's so sexy." Susan began gyrating even more. Her mind was still in a whirl of disbelief that this was really happening, that she was an active, willing participant in it too, but her body was in no doubt and couldn't help but respond to the pleasure coursing through her being. Her cunt muscles tightened further around Julien's cock.
Seeing a positive reaction, Jinx kept up murmuring in Susan's ear as she rode more forcefully up and down on Julien's dick. "That dance we shared before made me so wet. It made me want to touch myself. Did you want to touch yourself too? Did it make you as wet as it made me?"
Susan couldn't reply, didn't know how to in any case. She felt Jinx's lips on her ear, kissing it, suckling her earlobe, then biting gently on it. She moaned and muttered "Oh fuck!" She placed her hands back onto Julien's chest and really began to ride him with determination.
Jinx's mouth began it's whispering encouragement again. "You're such a sexy woman, Susan. Your nipples are so long and hard. Mine are hard too. Can you feel them?" Susan nodded and breathed out an "Uh, huh," in response.
"Mmmm," muttered Jinx. "I want to play with myself and make myself come. Do you want me to play with you? Do you want to come too? Shall I rub your pussy whilst you're being filled with that hard meat? Do you want to come while you FUCK another man?"
Without waiting for any form of reply, Jinx's right hand left Susan's breast and traveled across the flat of her stomach, inching it's way to her aching clit. Susan wanted to say no. Stay with my tits. Don't go there. It's too much. How could she be doing this? How could she be so powerless to stop it? And how could another woman turn her on like this?
But it was all too late. Jinx's fingers reached her inner folds, so warm and wet. The bliss of that first touch rocked Susan's world. She felt the upsurge of an impending climax. She moaned and thrashed about violently on the bed, bucking her hips to no other rhythm but her growing lust. She took as much of Julien's cock as she could - deeper, harder - as Jinx's fingers strummed her slit.
She was panting and moaning "Oh, oh," over and over in time to her bouncing pelvis. Jinx clearly knew she was going over the edge and let her fingers fly in a furious blur aided by the moistness, playing Susan's clit like a virtuoso.
The intensity of her desire was now off the Richter scale. The "oh's" had dissolved into "no's", though whether she was still in denial about her activity or because she'd never felt such an intense build up before. She wasn't sure herself, but it didn't matter. Both were true.
And even these last thoughts fled as the wave, building all evening, so long denied, now reached a tsunami of power. She felt herself be lifted up to a stupendous height with it's onrush of force before the wave broke over her and she convulsed over and over and over again as she was hit by the most staggering and intense orgasm she'd ever experienced.
********************
Susan awoke late the next morning. Julien lay sprawled naked amidst the tousled sheets of the king size bed. Light netting curtains let in the morning sunlight. It was a clear sunny day, and a passenger jet seemed to be lazily arcing through the sky on its approach to the airport.
She suddenly realized that she and Julien were alone. Jinx had gone. Had she even been there at all, or had that been a dream? Everything was all a bit hazy. She lay quietly for a while as the reminiscences of the previous night cascaded over her. Unconsciously she stroked her body as she tried to remember just what had happened.
She had a pretty clear memory up until that first mind-blowing orgasm. She had noticed in the past that she often had the most intense orgasms whilst something was inside her - usually Matt's cock. Perhaps it was Julien's greater size that made this one so outstanding. Or maybe it was Jinx's fingering. Or maybe the whole build up of the strip show. Or her first threesome. Most likely it was a combination of all of these. Her hands were running over and around her breasts as she tried to remember what had come next.
The next clear memory was of Jinx moving from behind her to around the front. Julien had been rock hard inside her, riding through her orgasm.Howdoeshe do that?she wondered, amazed. Jinx had planted herself over his face, her body facing towards Susan and now clearly wanting her own release. Julien had eagerly obliged, lapping her cunt like a thirsty camel.
Jinx had been far too wrapped in her own pleasure to take any other active role. She had only leaned forward towards Susan for support. Susan remembered how her voluptuous breasts came nearer and nearer to her own. She tried to lean her own body forward in the hope that they might touch, but their bodies were just that bit too far apart. But it had allowed Susan to watch Jinx's face as her own pleasure grew.
She almost climaxed again as she watched Jinx writhe in ecstasy, her face flushing, her breath coming in ragged gasps. Susan could hardly think of anything she had ever seen that was more sexy than seeing this woman come hard just centimeters away from her. She'd never witnessed another woman orgasming before - assuming you didn't count porn. The eroticism of another woman coming virtually in her arms would be a cherished memory forever.
Then, somehow, she was off Julien and on her back, legs spread wide. Julien made love to her with his mouth while Jinx sucked and kissed her breasts. Susan closed her eyes while hands and mouths went to work on her, roaming at will. Her previous orgasm had drained her, and she had felt all dreamy and drowsy. Even now the events were still all hazy. She remembered Julien inserting some fingers as he licked her clit. She had clasped Jinx's head hard to her own breast as another climax built.
Just before she came, she felt Julien's thumb run firmly over her anal rosebud. She came again, powerfully. And then... But after that Susan could recall no more.
She took stock of herself physically as her mind searched for further memories. Apart from slightly sore and stiff arm and leg muscles, she felt great. Her nipples were hard (again) - the result of thinking about last night's activities. Her body felt more tingly, more alive, than it had felt for years. Maybe ever. One hand slipped lower. Her pubic hair was all tangled and matted. Her fingers probed her slit. It was warm and wet, and her fingers slipped gleefully down to her opening.Fuck that feels nice!she thought.
Try as she might, she could recall nothing beyond that second orgasm. Had she passed out? Fallen straight asleep? She remembered again Julien's thumb at her anus. She was just contemplating slipping a finger of her own down there - just to explore for any clues as to any further activity in the area, you understand - when Julien began to stir beside her.
Quickly, almost guiltily, Susan whipped her hand out from between her legs. But he hadn't quite woken yet. She rolled towards him, turning on her side to face him and admire his physique. Her left hand ran down his smooth dark back; he felt warm under her touch. She reached further, running her hand down over his pert ass. Suddenly she felt it clench hard, and she looked up to see his brown eyes smiling into hers.
"Don't stop," he murmured. Her left hand still cupping one butt cheek, Susan leaned closer to bring her lips to his, intending for a brief good morning kiss. But his lips were so warm and full, so soft and inviting, that they were lost in each other for the next few minutes, the sweet gentleness of his kiss a marked contrast to some of the frenzied animal fucking they'd been indulging in thus far.
Eventually Susan pulled away. "Good morning," she sighed.
"Bon matin," he replied, then followed her glance over the bedside clock. "Nearly 10am. You slept late. All worn out?"
She punched him gently. "I slept late!" she cried in mock indignation. "What about you?"
"Me? I've already been up. I've been organising breakfast - amongst other things."
Susan cocked an eyebrow to show her disbelief.
"Afterwards I came back to lie next to you. I must have fallen asleep again." He rolled away from her and began to get out of bed. "Come on. Let's go. I have to check out by noon."
Neither of them bothered to dress for breakfast. The heating in the room was just perfect for lounging around naked. Susan thought that it probably was no co-incidence. Julien, she was learning, was a meticulous planner. He had so many things organized away behind the scenes all the time.
And he proved it again as they were finishing off their coffee and pastries.
"I have one last surprise for you, cherie," he announced.
"You're staying another day?" Susan asked hopefully.
"Non. Ma cherie, how I wish that could be so."
"Some new sex position or sex toy you've yet to try on me, then?"
Julien laughed. "No - not that either."
"Well, what then?" Susan demanded.
"That would spoil the surprise, wouldn't it!"
Susan flung a half-eaten chocolate croissant at him which he neatly caught before it hit him in the face. "I'll tell you what. You have a shower and freshen up and then you can find out."
She realized she wouldn't get anything more out of him so she shrugged her acceptance. She did feel like a good, long shower just now in any case. "Fine," she said, pretending to be offended. She disappeared down the corridor to the bathroom, the croissant tossed by Julien at her departing derriere just missing.
The en suite bathroom was large and luxuriously appointed. Susan had showered in here already - twice in fact - but the towels were all fresh and unused. She wondered when they had been changed.
Soon she was in amongst the steaming water. It felt great to be clean to go along with her revitalized feeling body, the water almost seeming to wash away some of the stiffness in her limbs.
She was rinsing her hair, facing away from the shower screen door when she heard it open and sensed a slight change in the air temperature and humidity. Susan smiled to herself. Here comes Julien with the surprise, she thought to herself. She didn't even bother turning around. "Didn't think it would take you long," she said.
There was no spoken reply but soapy hands were placed on her back, gently scrubbing her from the neck down. Susan closed her eyes, enjoying feeling of this touch as it joined the warm spray of water on her body. But something didn't feel quite right. Surely these hands were too small and soft to be Julien's.
She frowned, opened her eyes and swivelled around all in the same moment to see who it was. It was Clara!
Susan was completely taken aback. Too stunned for words, her mouth hung limply open for several seconds. "Turn around again," Clara said, directing Susan's body with her hands. Too surprised to argue Susan obeyed. Clara returned to soaping her back with long fluid strokes.
Without turning Susan whispered, "What are you doing here?".
"Shh," Clara replied, and continued generously lathering her body with suds. Susan was torn between enjoying the sensations and wanting to ask where Matt was and how long she'd been here. But Clara's hands were now reaching under her arms, sudsing up the sides of her breasts.
Fuck it, who cares?Susan thought. It seemed to be her new motto. Just give in and go with the flow. Just as she thought that, she felt Clara's breasts pressing into her back. Her arms were encircling Susan, never dwelling for long in one place, soaping up her tummy, her chest, the valley between her breasts, and finally the perky mounds themselves. Susan leaned back, closing her eyes and sighing, enjoying the delicious sensations.
But Clara kept things moving. She moved back slightly, allowing Susan to rinse off. Then she turned off the water and stepped back through the shower door. Clara was barely wet, having not got right into the shower spray, and she picked up one of the white fluffy towels and began drying Susan.
Again Susan just stood there and enjoyed it. She almost felt a bit detached from her body as Clara methodically towelled her hair, her back, her chest, her arms. The feelings this produced were soothing and relaxing, yet laced with sensuality. How could they not be, given she was receiving it from a naked sexy woman?
Susan felt tingles of desire awaken again. She peeped at Clara's body, trying to be discrete about it. She was tanned and lean. She kept in great shape, her breasts not huge but well-proportioned. And, it was hard to get a clear view, but her pubic region was possibly completely shaven.
Wherever Clara rubbed, Susan's skin prickled and goosebumps spread. She had avoided Susan's breasts and pubic area so far, and trickles of water still ran down her smooth legs. Clara moved her slightly, then lifted at one of Susan's legs, encouraging her to lift it and place the foot on the edge of the bath nearby.
Susan was aware of her clit - tingling already from rising desire and now being exposed slightly as her cunt was spread with opening of her legs. Clara reached for a small fresh hand towel and tossed aside the larger one. Beginning at her foot, she slowly worked her way up Susan's leg. She began to tremble a little as Clara reached her inner thigh. She realized she was inhaling loudly and tried to stop.
Clara moved as far as Susan's inner thigh then stopped. She moved this leg back to the ground, swivelled Susan around and made her raise her other leg, beginning the same drying teasing on the other leg. This time as she reached the inner thigh, Clara stood erect and drew the towel up through her pubes and held it to her mound. The two women stood so close as to almost be touching.
Clara brought her mouth close to Susan's and there they both stood for several agonising seconds. Susan felt the build up of sexual tension with each heartbeat of her hammering chest. Clara parted her lips as if to kiss her, but whispered instead.
"I've wanted you ever since I first saw you."
Susan went all weak at the knees. She felt the flush of desire accelerate through her. But fuelling her own desire wasbeingdesired. Clara's words dripped with the raw lust she saw echoed in her hungry eyes.
Now Clara's lips opened again, and this time they were raised to Susan's own. They met passionately, hungrily. The power of desire on both sides being met and welcomed. It was a hungry and frantic kiss - as if they had but one minute left in all eternity to make it count. Their lips locked with such a ferocity and passion that it took Susan's breath away. She was fully aware though of Clara's hot body pressed tightly against hers - their breasts pressing together. Clara's arms were around Susan's body and feverishly pulling her deeper into her embrace. Susan found her arms doing the same thing but savouring the delicate supple smoothness of Clara's back, so much softer and more pliable than any man's.
Susan found herself again in that zone of a heady intoxication of lust. She didn't know where in this uncharted waters she was headed, but to hell with the destination when the getting there was as good as this!
The feverish embrace and kissing continued for a while, with Susan enjoying the differences of kissing a woman's mouth and feeling Clara's tongue licking her own tongue and lips. Gradually Clara began edging them towards the door of the bathroom. Without breaking apart they transitioned into the bedroom, and then collapsed onto the bed together.
Their mouths broke apart as they landed and they both laughed, though not for long. Clara pressed Susan down as she rolled on top of her. They lay together like that for a moment panting, then Clara brought her lips down slowly, and this time the kiss they shared was long and sensual. Susan found she was not just going with the flow - she was an active participant, eagerly clamouring for more.
Clara broke apart and gave her a wry grin before twisting her body around to take up a 69 position. One hand slowly prised apart Susan's cunt lips and blew gently between her wet folds. Susan squirmed a little but her legs opened wider. She found the proximity of Clara's cunt to her own face rather confronting. She had always thought the idea of kissing another woman "down there" was a bit gross, but while Clara was teasing her with her breath she couldn't help but admire her new surroundings.
Clara was shaved clean after all. Her pouty pussy lips were quite dark - darker than the rest of her, except perhaps for her areolae. She half-imagined that such a voracious sexual being would perhaps be adorned with a few piercings of some kind, but there were none obvious. What really took Susan's breath away though was Clara's inner lips. If the outer lips were pouty, then these positively protruded in the extreme. They seemed to simply drip with sexuality, like they were so full of sex and desire that they could barely be contained. As Clara straddled Susan's face, these inner lips hung down well beyond the outer ones, simply begging to be sucked.
Meanwhile Clara moved her mouth to gently nibble her way up and down Susan's labia, her nose snuffling down towards her entrance. Susan moaned aloud, and if her hands had been anywhere close by they would have grabbed Clara's head and shoved it deeper into her. She felt Clara's tongue emerge and begin to play with her, licking her way around and just toying with her clit.
By now Susan was bold enough, and desperate enough, to join in. Clasping her hands around Clara's bottom she an an exploratory tongue quite firmly over her protruding nub and down further into her wetness. Pleasantly surprised, Susan repeated the movement.
She was "rewarded" by having Clara remove her mouth from her own cunt and growl something incomprehensible in French. Whatever it was, it sounded like she was pleased, Susan thought. She felt reassured and somewhat pleased that her novice skills at cunnilingus were so appreciated. Unfortunately it came at the price of the cessation of Clara's oral ministrations to her, but she knew it was likely only temporary.
In meantime she devoted herself to the job at hand - exploring another woman's pussy. She found the clitoris easily enough and started out by teasing the areas all around it with her tongue. Clara moaned and trembled as she tried to wriggle her pelvis around in order to bring her clit into better contact with Susan's tongue. It was harder to stay on target than she expected. Those puffy folds were just begging to be sucked into Susan's mouth, and she kept returning to them time and again.
Susan knew what Clara was up to of course when she wriggled her pelvis around - time to get back to the clit! For a while Susan deliberately flattened her tongue and lapped in wider areas. The lower part of her face was getting smeared with juices from Clara's cunt. Susan didn't mind at all and greedily sucked and licked the harder.
Clara returned her mouth to Susan's clit, licking it tenderly. Her lips would sometimes surround it and suck on it, but mostly she was lapping her tongue rhythmically over and around it. Susan felt fingers exploring her opening, spreading her growing juices.
She thought about Clara's cunt. Given that her nose was practically buried in Clara's nether regions, Susan realised how much Clara smelt of sex. With a shock she also suddenly realized that some of these secretions were presumably from Matt too. After all, the two of them had spent all of last night together.
She found the idea quite surprisingly erotic. She quite liked the taste of Matt's come when she went down on him, and the idea of eating it straight from Clara's pussy was mind-blowing. She opened her mouth and sucked Clara's nub inside her mouth, wondering whether Matt had possibly been in the same position not long prior. But before she could dwell on it much more, Susan began to tingle all over. She felt her body tense up and she knew she was getting close to another big orgasm.
Clara felt Susan's body tense and knew it too. With a sudden movement she locked her mouth over Susan's swollen clitoris, grasped hold of her hips, and jerked and twisted their inter-twined bodies, rolling her over. They were now in the opposite position from before, with Susan on top of Clara. From underneath Clara tongued Susan furiously. As Susan adjusted to being on her knees, she felt the unstoppable onrush of her orgasm. Panting for breath she pressed up on her arms, lifted her head up and looked straight ahead rather than down at Clara's crotch. And then froze...
Her eyes went wide as she saw for the first time that she and Clara were not alone. Matt and Julien were both sitting on chairs near the foot of the bed not 3 meters from her. Both naked, both had wide stupid grins on their faces, and both had their dicks in their hands.
She took in this surprising sight in a split second. But the sudden surprise couldn't hold back the tide. Clara continued her assault on her clit from below and, unknowingly doing just what Julien had done in this situation, she placed an exploratory finger on Susan's anal rim, feeling the quivering contractions begin.
Susan's eyes widened further. She couldn't take her eyes off the two men in front of her though. Matt mouthed quite clearly "I love you!", Clara's finger pressed a little harder and that was it.
Susan screamed. She closed her eyes as every muscle in her body contracted at once. The waves of delight shook her body with spasms of such force she had to exhale a loud moan with each one. Matt and Julien looked on admiringly as she came and came.
Gradually the shudders downsized to ripples, like aftershocks of an earthquake. She was still shaking as Clara tried to extricate herself from underneath Susan. She came up for air gasping, "Mon Dieu, are trying to drown me!".
They all laughed at that. Susan sat up on her knees, still recovering and panting, but Matt was beside himself with horniness. He had sprung up out of the chair and climbed onto the bed, on his knees in front of her. He embraced her warmly, kissing her open mouth. "That was so fucking sexy," he said. "That was the sexiest thing ever!"
Susan was a touch embarrassed, but replied genuinely, "Thanks. I'm glad you liked it."
"Youcertainly did, anyway!" Matt replied making her blush, but then he kissed her passionately. For a few moments they reunited like that, Matt tasting Clara on Susan's mouth. Then Clara herself was pressing close, up on her knees too.
"You don't know how much I wanted that to happen whilst you were with us in France," she murmured as she broke in and kissed Susan for herself.
Matt's mouth moved to Susan's neck, and one hand stretched around to fondle her butt, while other fondled Clara's butt in the same way. Clara did the same, caressing both Matt and Susan as both she and Matt took turns kissing her. She felt Julien come up behind her, not wanting to miss out. But he obviously meant to join in another way, because Susan felt his erection hard up against her ass crack.
She was a bit too upright in her position to take him in that way, so she tried to push her butt back towards him. With some slight adjustments she felt the tip sliding along her perineum, past her opening and further on over her clit, and then back. Someone was playing with her tits , she didn't know who - her eyes were closed amid the kerfuffle of mouths, hands, breasts and cocks. She pressed her ass back further as Julien was thrusting forwards and timed it perfectly so as to take him inside her. Soon he was thrusting ever deeper.
There was movement on the bed in front of her, so Susan opened her eyes once more. Matt was moving in behind Clara. Soon he too was buried deeply in doggie position, and both the guys were banging their women together.
Clara and Susan continued kneeling in the middle of the bed, now kissing and fondling each other whilst the guys fucked them from behind. Susan felt a desire to feel Clara's breasts on hers again, so manoeuvred her body to be a bit more upright than on all fours. Clara realized what she wanted and they were able to come close together, chests being crushed together by the force of the fucking they were receiving from each other's partner.
After a minute or two, Clara broke free and leaned to one side. Julien leaned forward to kiss her whilst continuing to fuck Susan. It seemed only natural for Susan and Matt to do the same.
It spoke volumes as to how far they had come that they could kiss each other whilst at the same time fucking or getting fucked by someone else completely. Not only that, but actually enjoying the fact that other one was totally getting their rocks off by it all just as much as they were.
Susan couldn't help smiling as she thought about this and accidentally broke apart the kiss she and Matt were enjoying. Matt took the opportunity to concentrate fully on fucking Clara. He placed both hands on her hips, slamming hard and deep from behind. Julien matched him stroke for stroke, pumping away at Susan's rear end.
Strangely, it was Julien who came first. With a last few thrusts that were so deep as to be a bit painful, Julien pumped into Susan. Matt kept on fucking, sweat forming on his forehead. Susan couldn't help admiring his stamina. She would have bet on Julien to outlast him anytime.
Susan was rather shocked (and pleased) that actually watching Matt fuck another woman right in front of her was such a turn-on. His face was racked with that same look of both pleasure and pain, agony and ecstasy, that she'd seen many times before as he concentrated on feeling every inch of pleasure that his dick was giving and receiving. Striving for climatic release, yet wanting to prolong the fun as long as possible.
Clara was on all fours, gasping with each thrust of Matt's pelvis. Julien's cock was still inside Susan, but she wanted to somehow connect with this other fucking couple. She reached out her right arm down the front of Clara's body. Her fingers found Clara's engorged clit. Having only her own masturbatory experiences to guide her, she began playing with it. She could sense this was not the time for a soft, gentle play, so she went hard, fingering her strong and hard. Between that and the internal G-spot pounding she was getting, Clara cried out and orgasmed almost at once.
Susan immediately withdrew her fingers from Clara's clit, knowing that her own became super sensitive straight after an orgasm. Matt continued pumping into Clara's cunt, and Susan couldn't resist moving her fingers a bit lower down from where they had just been.
She flattened her palm and felt Matt's hot, rigid rod, covered with slick as it emerged from within Clara. She couldn't reach down as far his balls, but even this extra pressure on his dick was enough to bring about the awaited orgasmic release. She heard him give a cry, felt his cock stiffen further and then convulse just he thrust deep one last time, his hot seed pumping into Clara.
The four of them collapsed into a sweaty, sticky, panting heap on the bed, and no-one spoke for several minutes.
********************
The panting, especially from the two guys, gradually returned to normal breathing. Eventually Julien glanced over at the bedside clock. "Merde!" he exclaimed. "We have a plane to catch, Clara. We need to say our good-byes quickly."
The huddle of bodies untangled itself, only to reform in different groupings to hug each other in farewell.
As Julien and Matt shook hands, Julien said, "You two don't need to rush though - I've paid for another night on this suite."
Matt could hardly believe it.Just how rich is this guy?he wondered, before shaking his hand even harder.
"Thank you," he said warmly. "Thank you for your generosity - in everything," He looked deeply into Julien's eyes, as if he wanted to say more but couldn't find the words. They heard Clara saying to Susan, "I hope we can all meet up again sometime. Somewhere."
"Oh, we must. We must," Susan replied enthusiastically.
Clara and Julien went off to have quick shower before dressing again. They weren't gone long, but by the time they emerged again, Matt and Susan were both fast asleep, sprawled naked across the sheets but bodies entwined.
Clara noticed a satisfied expression on Julien's face as he looked down at them. It seemed to say "Job well done" or perhaps "Mission Accomplished".
Clara smiled. She turned and reached up on tip toes to give Julien a peck on the lips.
Without a word, the pair of them packed and left the hotel.
The next chapter sees Susan delve even more into some girl-on-girl action. Where would you like to see this story go? Drop me a line - I'd love to hear from you.