Let me share with you the most erotic experience I ever had, it's the story of how I had some naughty fun in a public bus.
This happened during the first year of my marriage, I had been married for only a few weeks when I realised that I hated my husband, he was boring, constantly drank and disgusting. So far, I had not had any enjoyment either in or out of bed and it was getting me quite upset to be honest. I had gotten married at the age of 18, by marrying him I had lost my chance of enjoying my life and being happy.
It was a during the month of march when me and my husband had to travel to my native town by bus. This was the first time I was returning back home after my marriage, only thing annoying me was my husband, I knew he would get drunk right before we left home and as expected he finished pouring himself two pegs right before we left home. Since the bus stop was not that far from my house we walked and by the time we reached, my husband was already more than tipsy. He was almost as good as finished; he would immediately fall asleep I knew it.
The summer heat was getting irritating, there were quite a few other people waiting there for the bus. The journey itself would take around 6 hours, it wasn't much, only about two hundred kilometres or so. I had the music on my phone and my useless husband wasn't going to disturb me so I knew I could at least have some relaxation for myself.
The bus arrived in a little while. Me drunkard husband was barely able to walk but I didn't help him. He just swayed around and moved into the bus by himself. I walked ahead of him, embarrassed. I searched around for my seat and went ahead and sat at the middle, I knew my husband will need the window in case he needed to vomit, which he usually did when drunk. My husband followed me took his seat. As the bus moved, I saw another man move up and the seat to my right, he was tall, much taller than me, middle aged maybe in his forties and light brown skin. He just sat down and looked ahead, I plugged my earphones to the phone and must have fallen asleep almost immediately.
I don't know how long I had been sleeping because the next think I knew, I was woken up by my husband's hand being placed on my legs, just above my knee. The hand must have been there for a while until I was woken up. I wasn't fully awake either but as I sat there in the darkness, I could feel his hands slowly and gently rub my legs. My drunk husband sometimes does this after getting aroused but sadly he touches a little bit then falls asleep again so I didn't bother to open my eyes. He didn't pay attention to my arousal, even during sex he would just fuck me two minutes and finish as soon as he needed. The moment he was done, that's it, no concern for my sexual release. There was no foreplay or romance either. It was just like a routine exercise for me. I knew this leg rubbing was just his drunkenness, it would lead to nothing enjoyable for me.
A few minutes passed and the hand was moving slowly towards my inner thighs. His fingers gently caressed my soft flesh, and in this summer heat I was already hot as it is, the sweat was making the fabric stick to my skin. Feeling the fingers run across my skin was a good feeling; my useless husband is never this naughty or sensual. I was feeling rather horny by now, it had been a few minutes and I guess I was enjoying this; I slowly spread my legs and immediately felt my husband's hands go deeper towards my inner thighs. It was a bit of a rush to suddenly feel his hands move so quickly. This was a surprise to me how my husband was behaving but I really did not mind, this was the most fun I had since marriage to be honest.
I slowly bit my lower lips and felt his hand massage my thighs, his touch was rough and hard, his fingers were firm in the touch. I moved around in my chair and adjusted myself so he can reach more of me. I enjoyed this amazing massage for another few minutes then I realised that I was getting my legs rubbed from the right side. The shocking realisation was that my husband was sitting to my left. I immediately opened my eyes and realized that the stranger sitting next to me on bus was massaging my thighs. I was about to scream loud but the stranger didn't stop his massage, instead he kept rubbing deeper and harder, I looked at his face and the stranger looked me right in the eyes, his eyes were filled with lust. I knew I had to do something; my mind knew it but my body responded in the opposite way. I closed my eyes again and he understood It was my permission, my permission to continue. I guess I was more unsatisfied than I realized.
I closed my eyes and let him do whatever he felt like. I was sitting on a public bus letting a stranger molest me while my drunk husband was sleeping next to me. This was an amazing feeling for me, I could feel my panties getting so wet and at the same time this stranger was pushing his hands towards my pussy. His hand moved deep and circular, his touch was firm but gentle one second then his touch was rough and angry. I had never felt anything like this in my life. His left hand was only inches away from my pussy and his right hand was now moving around my waist.
He was completely wild and dominating, his hands were so strong, he was like a bull compared to my husband. This was a completely new feeling for me, I was always ignored and neglected sexually since marriage and this new sensation was something as good as heaven to me. As I sat here moaning and moving around in my seat, he pushed his thumb towards my pussy and I moaned louder than I had expected from the sudden shock. He moved near my ears and softly told me not to make any noise. Even his lips near my ears was sensual, his rough manly voice was getting me wet even more. I only nodded my head and continued to get molested. One of his hands was already covering my pussy and the other one was around my boobs. He was now going wilder, attacking my body like a wild animal. He was squeezing and pressing so wildly without control. I was like a helpless prey and he was the predator, he can complete domination over me. He seemed to know exactly what he needed to do; I could say that this man was very well experienced. I could not control myself so I was moaning softly but nonstop. His fingers were around my nipples rolling them around, he was so talented I was feeling like I was in heaven. Amazingly he played with my grapes with so much delicate pressure. My nipples which were ignored for so long were now getting all the attention they needed, I myself never knew that someone touching my nipples could be this pleasurable.
It had been maybe 15-20 minutes but it felt like hours I was completely wet and my legs were spread fully wide. I didn't care that I had pushed my husband's legs aside to allow a stranger to finger me over my salwar. He was equally amazing with his fingers around my pussy, around the holes and my pussy lips he was massaging with only one hand so amazingly well. One second his thumb would be around the sides of my lips next, he would firmly press against the top, my cherry would shiver in pleasure and then immediately he would gently press against my pussy hole softly. I was shaking and shivering with just this much. He was not able to enter into my pussy and because of the tight space I could not remove my salwar pants. I was suffering with this much but pleasure was amazing, I wanted this feeling to go on forever and I didn't want this to end
I was holding his arms with my nails and pinching with pleasure. I had experienced orgasm earlier when I had masturbated, I had not experienced it with my husband at all. I could feel myself getting closer and closer. And this was by far the best experience in my life. I knew when I orgasm with him now, I might not be able to keep quiet. I moved my left hand and put it in my mouth and bit against my fingers. I could feel the pressure build deep inside and knew I was getting closer.
It was another few minute when suddenly the bus stopped. I didn't realise but I had fallen asleep for most of the journey and me and my husband had arrived at my home town. As soon as the bus stopped, the driver turned on the light and I had to adjust my dress in a hurry. The conductor came and told us to get ready to leave, my husband woke up still half drunk and told me to get up, I was in hell. The man just looked ahead and had his hands inside his pockets now. I looked at his face but he didn't look towards me, my husband pushed me from the other side to move. I moved out in complete disappointment and sadness. I didn't even get to share a kiss or touch his manly parts. Most of all I was disappointed that I did not get to cum. As we left the bus my husband moved ahead and I turned to look at the stranger one last time. He was now sitting near the window and sadly looking at me. He just smiled and I knew it was over. I would never meet him again and my fun was over. I walked behind my husband with my luggage in hand, I could still feel the wetness from my pussy drip down to my thighs as I walked.
With utter sadness I ended the night unsatisfied as usual.