The family weekend is over, the Phillips departed for home. Presently Charlene and Tammy are contemplating, when they should start practicing for the erotic modeling session, that will be starting at the college soon.
"Tammy, I think we should ask Tom and Jamie when would be a good time to practice our poses. When will you be ready to start?" Charlene asked the young woman.
"Charlene I wish it was never, but I need to see if I can gather the courage to model for a group, as soon as possible, because I have a feeling the Professor will be approaching me to model soon."
Jamie came walking into the kitchen. While he was watching the two women preparing dinner for everyone, he said. "What are we having for supper?"
"We have a roast in the oven. We are preparing potatoes and green beans to go with it." Tammy said, while she was cutting up the potatoes. Looking at Jamie and turning red. "We should probably think about practicing for the modeling sessions coming up. You can photograph us, and give them to the professor, to critique, while we pose for you."
"We need dad here also when we are modeling, so probably the best time to practice is Saturday afternoon and Sunday." Charlene said, looking at the two others in the room, to see if they agree.
All were in agreement, and the subject was dropped.
Tom came home from work. While having supper, the subject was brought up about modeling, with the decision that was made by the three. Tom agreed with them.
Tammy was spending more time at the Carter's home, than at her dorm.
Charlene likes having Tammy at their home, so she asked Tammy. "Will you save money, if you stay here, not having to pay for your dorm room?"
Tammy excited Charlene has asked her to stay with them said. "Mom, you mean it, I can stay here? That would be so cool." The young woman acquired a frown on her face saying. "I will have to check to see if my scholarship requires me to stay at the dorm."
Jamie came into the room asking. "What are you ladies talking about?"
Charlene said. "What do you think about Tammy staying with us, at least for the rest of the school year?"
"Sounds like a great Idea to me." Jamie said as he thought of all the great times he and Tammy could have, if she is living there.
Charlene said, as an afterthought. "I will have to run it by your father though, to make sure he is Okay with the arrangement. Tammy, you will have to talk to your parents, to get their blessing also."
Within a few days, all that was needed for Tammy to stay at the Carter home was the college to agree to the arrangement.
Tammy went to the student affairs office to talk to the woman in charge of the dorm assignments.
Walking to the door Mrs. Collins said. "I am ready to see you now." As the young woman entered the office Mrs. Collins asked. "How can I help you Tammy?"
"I would like to know if I can move out of the dorm into a private home." Tammy asked.
"Miss. Phillips, I see you're almost twenty, but I will need a letter from your parents, before you can move out of the dorms. You have to be twenty-one, before you can make that decision, without your parents' consent."
"Will that save me money on my scholarship, if I move out?" Tammy asked.
"It will save you money on your food allowance that you pay for, and you won't have to be a figure model for the Visual Arts courses Miss Phillips to keep your scholarship."
The overjoyed young woman said. "I will call my mother, and you can talk with her." She went out of the office and called her mother stating. "Mom I want to move out of the dorm and need your permission, can you talk with Mrs. Collins." Without waiting for an answer, she handed the phone to Mrs. Collins.
"Hi, I am Deloris Phillips, Tammy's mother. My husband and I have no problem with Tammy moving to the Carter home. I will send you an email to that affect, after I get off the phone with you."
"Thank you Mrs. Phillips. I will get the paperwork started, and by the weekend, we will change her address to the Carter Residence. Have a nice day." Mrs. Collins hung up the phone and said to Tammy. "You're all set. I will change your scholarship to reflect your change in status, you will be able to take a few more courses, with the change in living arrangement."
Tammy was thrilled. She won't have to model for the visual arts class anymore, and she can take a few more courses, without paying extra for them. She couldn't wait to tell Jamie. She saw him in the student union. Running to him she hugged him stating. "I don't have to model for the erotic poses, if I move into your home, Mrs. Collins told me. Isn't that great?"
"Yes, see I told you it would all work out." Jamie said.
The young woman could see by his lack of candor, that he wasn't being entirely truthful with her. "You want me to model don't you?" Tammy, getting the look on her face, with fire in her eyes, that Jamie saw when she was mad at him.
"No, I'm glad you don't have to model, but presently my mother was going to model, to help me bring up my grade. With you not modeling, maybe she won't either, if that is the case, I will lose my scholarship, if I can't bring up my mark." Jamie stated, as not to have Tammy mad at him.
"Oh, I didn't think of that." Tammy stated, as she now worried that Jamie will be upset with her.
They both had to go to class, so the subject was dropped for the time being. Jamie brought Tammy home after their class, but he had to go back to college. He had two other classes in the evening, leaving Tammy and Charlene to cook the night time meal.
Charlene could see Tammy was excited by something, so she asked. "Looks like you received good news today?"
"Yes, I was told that since I am moving out of the dorm. I don't have to model for the erotic poses, to keep my scholarship." Tammy stated, as she is excited she won't have to model nude anymore, in front of her classmates.
"Oh, that's great, see you were worried about modeling, and everything works out." The older woman said, without the usual enthusiasm, that she has when talking with Tammy.
Tammy was extremely happy, Charlene now had to make a decision, whether she wants to model or not. Jamie and Tom were disappointed, because Tammy is moving in with them, she doesn't have to model nude anymore. Furthermore Tom is concerned Charlene will back out of modeling. Jamie is concerned about losing his scholarship, if he can't bring up his visual arts grade.
It was Friday night, Charlene and Tom usually go out with friends, once or twice a month, so they left the two young people home to do their homework. It is a late night, when the older couple, go out.
As soon as the older couple left, Tammy knowing Jamie is melancholy, because she doesn't have to practice her poses anymore said. "You want to go to my room to do 'homework'?" The young woman gave him a smile, as she ran up the stairs to her room.
"What 'homework' are you thinking about doing?" Jamie asked, as he watched his lovely girlfriend remove her clothes, as he entered her room.
Down to her panties, she stopped undressing to go to her dresser, and removed the speculum from the top drawer, that she confiscated from the doctor's office, where she had her exam. "Do you want to play doctor tonight?" The young woman giggled, as she removed her panties, got on the bed on her back, and spread her legs, so her boyfriend could examine her overheated womanhood.
Not having any private time in a while, Jamie appreciated the chance to see his lovely girlfriend in all her naked glory; he said taking the speculum and inserting it in her pussy. "You're very wet I don't even need any lubricant." Looking in her birth canal he stated. "With your red hair and a lovely pussy, I can look at you all day, and not get tired of the view." Looking at her grooming Jamie said. "Even though you won't be modeling, do you want me to trim your pubic hair, and groom you pubic heart?" Looking at his lovely girlfriend he marveled at her innocence, even though she is nude, and spread, to let him inspect her inner being, using the speculum.
"Sounds like a good idea Jamie. Oh and even though I won't be modeling for the class, I will model for you any time you want me to." Tammy said, still sitting with her legs spread, even though Jamie removed the speculum, from her pussy.
Jamie, going in search of her feminine grooming equipment hollered out. "Tammy where is the shaver and scissors?"
Getting up from the bed, the nude young woman went into the bathroom, to get the equipment required to do the job stating. "Here is where I keep all my Shaving stuff." The young woman, pointing to a lower drawer she uses, and giving Jamie a perfect view of her womanly charms and back door, while bending over to retrieve everything needed to perform her grooming.
"Jamie, I think I should take care of your hard problem first." Tammy, smiling innocently and pointing to the tent in her boyfriend's pants. Going back into her bedroom she sat on the edge of the bed and motioned for Jamie to stand between her legs. Tammy undid his belt and button on his pants, pulling them down as one with his underwear.
Jamie rested his hand on her shoulder to steady himself, as she helped him remove his discarded garments from his feet. When he turned back to face her, his pecker hit her nose.
She grabbed his organ, to stop from being pocked in her eye, and brought it to her mouth stating. "I was told that sperm is good for your complexion. I wonder if it works as good when you swallow it." The young woman said, before she enthusiastically started to suck on her boyfriend's manhood.
Tammy was giving Jamie so much pleasure with her oral ministrations that he would have fallen over, if she didn't have her arms wrapped around his ass, as she deep throat-ed his cock. "I think I will call her hoover from now on, after the vacuum we have." He giggled, as he was getting ready to shot his load down her throat.
The young woman really loved Jamie, she has never had a boyfriend who is as sweet to her as Jamie is, and with a family she adores, she thought. as she was pleasuring him.
Jamie was glad he met this beautiful woman thinking. "I am very lucky to find a sweet young lady like Tammy, who is not all about herself." It was a few minutes later, that he moaned his orgasm, blowing his load down Tammy's throat.
The young woman happily took his offering, swallowing every drop, and she licked is cock clean, smacking her lips in the process, to show Jamie she loved his cum. Holding onto Jamie to stop his legs from buckling she said. "Now can you concentrate on grooming my woman parts, without causing damage to my kitty?"
"Thanks Tammy; I really needed that." Wanting to return the pleasure Jamie said. "I want to groom your kitty, but I think you need a little moisture; before I start to groom you." Jamie pushed her to her back on the bed, put her legs over his shoulders, and started to pleasure her orally.
The surprised young woman was moaning her pleasure, as Jamie put a lip lock on her pussy lips, sticking his tongue into her, as far as he could. She was cumming on his tongue, within two minutes of him starting his oral pleasuring, of her pussy.
"OHHHHH Jamie, you sure know how to treat a woman." Tammy moaned through her orgasm, bucking to try to get his whole head into her pussy, when she came.
Setting back on his knees Jamie said. "Tammy, I just had an epiphany. Do you realize that a guy spends nine months in their mother's womb kicking her, trying to get out? The rest of his adult life is spent trying to get back into the womb."
Tammy still in a post orgasmic fog, didn't understand what Jamie was talking about, but then she caught on, and laughed uncontrollably at the thought.
Jamie had Tammy sit on the edge of the bed with her legs spread, and started to groom his girlfriend's pubic area. It took him about a half hour, to take care of her pussy hair. By that time Jamie was hard again, and Tammy needed to be serviced also.
She slid up onto the bed and spread her legs saying. "Jamie, my kitty needs to be stroked deeply." The young woman opening her pussy with her fingers, to let Jamie see how wet she is.
Jamie crawled between her legs, and Tammy aimed his cock with one hand, while holding her pussy opened with the other. They started the dance of love slowly, but in no time they were pounding way. Jamie trying to ward off his orgasm, until Tammy got off, but he couldn't hold back creaming her cervix with his sperm, a few seconds before she came. Her pussy muscles were so strong that she had him captive in her pussy upon her orgasm, until he deflated, and fell out of her femininity along with some of his cum.
Rolling off Tammy and lying on his side, he started to play with her nipples as they relaxed. "Life is good." Jamie thought.
Meanwhile the older couple is going to meet another couple, when Charlene received a phone call from Carla.
"Hi Charlene this is Carla, John got called out to an emergency job tonight. We will not be able to make it."
"Oh sorry to hear that, but don't worry about it Carla we can go out next week." Charlene said.
They hung up after saying good-by.
Overhearing the conversation of the two women Tom said. "How about we go someplace we are not known, and have some fun Char."
"I think it is someplace that you will have fun, and I will probably end up naked. Am I close to right Tom?" Charlene said knowing the way Tom has been thinking lately.
Turning red because she was right Tom said. "Let's have dinner and talk about it." He brought his wife to an upscale intimate restaurant on the outskirts of town.
The couple had to wait for a table, as the restaurant was crowded. They finally were called, and the Hostess sat them at an intimate table in the corner, getting their beverage order, and left.
"What did you have in mind Tom?"
Tom hesitated, as he formulated his thoughts to his best advantage, as he wanted his wife to buy into the fantasy he has. "I was thinking we go to the strip club that is about an hour from here. They have amateur night on Fridays at eleven pm."
"You want me to go with you, while you watch women take off their clothes?" Charlene said, not understanding what her husband was talking about.
Trying to explain, Tom said. "I want to go there, so you can see if you would want to enter the contest, it is one thousand dollar first prize, Five hundred dollar second prize, and two hundred and fifty dollar third prize. Her husband hoping she would consent to go, knowing there was a cash prize involved.
"It is an hour away; I think I want to go to the club. I want to see what an amateur contest is like." Charlene said, to her husband's relief.
It was nine thirty, before they finished dinner. The mature couple left the dinning establishment, for the hour drive, getting to the club about a half hour early. They had a hard time finding a parking spot, as the lot was very crowded.
Having second thoughts, Charlene said. "Do you think this is a good idea Tom?" Charlene had a premonition that someone they knew would be at the club.
Seeing his fantasy may not become a reality tonight, and trying to salvage some of it, he said. "We are here now. We can go in there, and watch the amateurs perform to see how good they are?"
"I guess we can go in there to watch the show. I am curious to see the amateurs dance." Charlene said, curious to what goes on at a strip club, as she has never been to one before. She wanted show Tom; she was somewhat interested in the amateur strip contest.
The couple went to the club entrance.
The bouncer said. "Are you going to participate in the amateur contest tonight Mam?"
Charlene said, "No."
"It is twenty dollars apiece then." The bouncer said.
Tom paid twenty dollars apiece cover to get into the club. They found a table in the back of the room. A waitress in a skimpy bra and panties asked for their drink order. That cost them fifty dollars apiece for two cokes.
"I am going to have to dance, if we drink more than one coke, to pay the bar tab." Said Charlene in a loud voice, upset that they are there presently, feeling they have been taken advantage of, because of the cost of beverages.
The waitress hearing Charlene's complaint said. "You're pretty enough to enter the strip contest, but you need to have courage to take off your clothes. They will refund you the cover charge and the cokes will be only two dollars. You should be able to take at least third, prize, if you're willing to take your top off and dance topless?"
"I think I need a couple of glasses of wine and then I may be ready to enter the contest." Charlene said looking at her husband, to see if he was happy with her last statement.
The waitress came over and asked. "You said you wanted a couple of glasses of wine? Here is the entry form for the contest, fill this out and the wine is free. If you don't want to dance the wine will cost you twenty-five dollars a glass."
"Give me the form to fill out, with a pen, and get me two glasses of wine. We also want our cover charge back, along with the money for the cokes." Charlene said to the waitress while she filled out the entry form. "I hope you're satisfied Tom, bringing me here to have me exploited by the group of perverts in the club." Teasing Tom, as she completed the form, she is wondering whether she will have enough courage to strip completely on stage. "Good thing I wore my sexy panties and bra tonight and a dress that is relatively easy to remove." Charlene thought, as she waited for her wine to be delivered.
The waitress delivered the wine and gave Charlene all the money back, as she picked up the entry form she said to Charlene. "The crowd here loves mature women. If you take all your clothes off, you will get first prize as you're new here. The judges usually pick the new women that strip. If you keep your panties on, you will probably get second or third prize." The waitress walked away with a ten dollar tip from Tom, but Charlene kept all the money the club refunded them.
The form had a six on it, meaning that there will be six women participating in the contest so far, it is still an hour away as the participants have until eleven pm to enter and the contest starts at eleven thirty each dancer, dances to two songs, which is about five minutes each, on stage.
The manager came to see Charlene, he handed her two documents. "My name is Joey; I am the manager of the club. One sheet of paper is the song list; you can pick two songs from it. The other paper are the rules. You can strip nude and show pink, if you want, but you can't let anyone touch you. If the guys give you tips, you can let them put it in the garter, we will give you. If you bring the garter up close to her pussy, you can give them thrill, by letting them feel your lady lips with the back of their hand." The manager winked at Charlene, and looked at the man sitting next to her, to get his reaction.
"Joey this is my husband Tom, he is the one that wants to show me off to the world."
"Tom you're not going to get crazy, if your wife shows her box, to the crowd. Are you?"
"No Joey, it is a fantasy of mine to see my wife nude in public, and this looks like a safe place to have her show her beaver and boobs.
"Yes it is, see the big guys with the black tee shirts on, look around, there are about six of them, they are my bouncers. Most work here as a favor to me, and they get to watch the ladies strip." Joey said as he pointed out the large guys spread out around the club. "A lot of guys get a kick out of their wife's dancing on stage, and some of the women are really good dancers." Joey said, letting Charlene and Tom know that Tom isn't the only guy that likes to expose his wife in public.
The DJ called for all the dancers to go to the dressing room to get ready, and this caused Charlene to get a case of the nerves, although not as bad as she would have, if she didn't have a couple a glasses of wine.
The first amateur dancer only took off her skirt and blouse to the two songs. She received very few tips
The second amateur dancer was up there because her husband wanted her to dance, she took off her blouse, and while she tried to remove her slacks, she tripped and fell. She tripped off the stage holding her pants up and crying.
The third Dancer removed all her clothes and gave the men a beaver shot, but you could see she was a ringer, and she stripped with no enthusiasm.
The four dancer was a young girl college age, and very embarrassed, you felt sorry for her when she took off her bra, she started to cry, and ran off stage covering her boobs with her hands.
The fifth dancer, was a young housewife type, her husband was in the audience encouraging her to remove her clothes, she got down to her panties, removed her bra, and ran off stage with her arms covering her breasts, before the last song was done.
The DJ announced Charlene saying. "Coming on stage, we have a hot auburn haired mature woman, she is the mother of three grown children and has been recently laid off. This is the first time she has stripped in public. Put your hands together Char.
The cheers were deafening for the pretty mature woman. The first song started and Charlene was dancing sort of wooden legged, but as soon as she started to unbutton her dress, and looked at her husband, she could see he liked her dancing, so she really kicked it up a notch. By the time the first song was complete, the mature woman was on stage topless, waving to the roaring crowd, waiting for the next song to start.
Charlene hollered to the crowd as the wine finally kicked in, making her inhibitions disappear. "Do you want me to remove my panties?" As the mature woman, put her thumbs on each side of the garment and started to slide them down. Stopping their decent, she pulled them up and said in a loud voice. "No, I think I will keep them on."
The crowd went crazy shouting. "Take them off! Take off the panties! Take them off!"
"Okay you asked for it." Charlene said as she hooked a thumb on each the side of the panties and slide them to her knees, and let them drop to the floor, with her back to the audience, she bent over, spread her legs, and picked up the intimate garment, thus giving the screaming audience, a rear shot of her box and her brown star. Looking over her shoulder she hollers "Boys do you see a full moon tonight?" The mature woman was having the time of her life. She never realized how much fun it is to be nude in public.
The song was done, the only article of clothing Charlene had on was her garter, and there were many men waiting to put money in her garter belt, and she took the advice of the manager. She had the garter real near her pussy. The men that were bold enough pushed the back of their hand in her honeypot, as they inserted the paper bills in her garter. The men came away with her pussy juice on the back of their hand. Some of the guys had to smell the essence of the mature woman as they walked away. When she counted the money she made, she was shocked to find she made two hundred and ninety dollars in less than ten minutes.
She put on her dress leaving it totaling unbuttoned. Charlene picked up her under garments and walked off the stage to join her husband, in the audience. She buttoned a few buttons of her dress, when one of the bouncers came over to her to tell her, she can't be nude in the audience. Charlene put her panties and bra in her purse. There were four more women in the contest. There was only one that Charlene felt would beat her. They called all the women back up on stage, to pick the winner. Charlene figuring she would go for broke, she stripped off her dress. The mature woman went out on stage with her garter as her only clothing, when her name was called.
She spun around to the song; they were playing and gave everyone a beaver shot. Turning she saw one of her former bosses in the audience, with another guy that Tom and Charlene knew. She stopped her antics, and sort of went to the back of the group, hoping they didn't recognize her.
As things go when 'Murphy' takes over, she was the first prize winner. She had to dance two more dances nude for the crowd, before she collected the prize money. By the time the second dance started there were five men she knows watching her and talking with Tom.
"So much for going to a place no one knows you." Charlene though saying to herself, the hell with it and gave her husband and their friends a good show, lying on the stage. She spread as far as she could, using her fingers to open her pussy, showing pink, to the crowd.
When the mature woman finished the last dance, she had a line of fifty men waiting to put money in her garter. She lost count of the number of men that felt her pussy with the back of their hand. Counting the money, she was amazed she made over five hundred dollars in less than five minutes.
She received the thousand dollar check, and walked down to her husband, putting on her dress on the way. Total for the night was over one thousand seven hundred and fifty dollars.
Charlene Left her panties and bra off. She had a great time talking with the group of men that were their friends, knowing they saw all of her. They all thought she did an excellent job dancing and complimented her on her figure.
The five men with Tom escorted Charlene to the car. She got in and gave all the men with her, a beaver shot.
"Bye guys, thanks for the escort to the car." Charlene said as she removed her dress, in front of the group assembled.
Tom said to his wife while helping her into the car. "You did an outstanding job, and you won the contest congratulations my dear, I am proud of you."
During the trip home Charlene said. "I am so horny I need to cum, Tom." The excited woman grabbed her husband's hand bringing it to her pussy. "Stick your fingers in me, help me cum." She said, as she opened her pussy with her fingers.
"Either we have to stop somewhere, or you will have to take care of your pussy by hand. I don't want to get into a crash, trying to bring you off."
"There is a rest area ahead pull off see if it is private enough to have sex?" Charlene said seeing the rest stop sign, as she is desperately jamming her fingers into her honey pot.
"Looks like it is deserted Charlene; it's your lucky night." Tom said, as he pulled into the darkest part of the rest area, and shut off the car.
Charlene jumps out of the car nude, and goes to the hood, lays over it with her legs spread, saying. "Hurry up put it in me, before we get caught."
Not being one to refuse a lady in need. Tom dropped his drawers and slid up behind his wife. She helped him find the hole. Grabbing his cock she pulled him to her overheated pussy. He was in her to her cervix with just one smooth stroke, she was so wet. They felt like kids again pounding away, and the danger of being caught, was adding to their excitement. It came to an end too soon, Cumming together, just in time, as there were lights coming their way. Tom was scrambling to get his pants up; Charlene being nude just ducked into the car. Tom entered the car, just as a young couple was passing them to park up further on the road.
"Wow that was fun; we haven't done anything like this since we got married." Charlene said giggling, as she thought of her husband, trying to get his pants on.
"Charlene, you're the best wife a guy could have. You have made my day dancing, and then with the daring sex act in the parking area. I love you." As Tom leaned over and gave his wife a French kiss.
It was a quiet ride home; Charlene was nude and dozing off. Tom would look at his lovely naked wife when he could, and at stop lights. It was after two thirty in the morning, when they arrived home. All the lights were out in the house, so the older couple thought everyone was sleeping.
Charlene got out of the car with her clothes in her hand, and walked up to the front door nude, waiting for her husband to get his keys, and open the door. The older couple, going in the house just started up the stairs, when they heard from behind them.
"Hi Mom, you and dad must have had a great time tonight, judging from the way you're dressed." Tammy said giggling and continuing. "Hey Jamie, come here see how mom is dressed."
Jamie coming out of the family room half asleep, he looks at his mother surprised at her lack of garments says. "Mom why are you nude?"
The mature woman embarrassed being caught nude by her son and his girlfriend, says to the two in a whisper, denoting her embarrassment. "I was hot in the car."
Laughing out loud Jamie said as he backed away from his parents. "Looks like you had to hose mom down, Dad." Noting his mother's cum soaked auburn bush.
The younger couple was laughing so hard, they had tears in their eyes. Tom was trying to keep a straight face, but he couldn't and seeing everyone else is laughing Charlene couldn't be mad at them, it was funny after all.
Charlene said while laughing with the group. "If you two only knew?"
"Practicing for tomorrow I bet, mom isn't that right?" Tammy said to Charlene, referring to the modeling she would be doing.
"See that Tom, we can't fool these college kids, they saw right through the reason I am naked. I am practicing my poses with you in the car." Charlene said grateful to Tammy for the thought, forgetting that tomorrow she will be nude for a photo session in front of her son; Charlene will be showing him where he came out of.
Tom looking at Tammy he says. "That is a very sheer negligee you have there, girl." Noting he can see right thought it to her breasts and red pubic hair that is shaped into a heart. Smiling at his son Tom continues. "That is some woman you have there, my son."
"Yes I know dad, she is a pretty lady. Dad, you have a pretty lady also, you better not take Mom for granted, as that could be your downfall." Jamie said as he eyed his naked mother, who has not tried to cover her nakedness throughout their conversation.
"Thanks Jamie, at least one man in this household doesn't take me for granted." Charlene said proud her son tells her she is pretty.
"I think it is time to turn in I have a big day tomorrow modeling for my favorite photographer." Charlene said voicing more confidence than she has, pertaining to the erotic modeling.
Everyone went to their rooms for a good night's sleep as they all had a great time tonight.
Saturday morning the men got up, just as the sun was coming up, to do the yard work. They started with jobs that were not noisy and then at eight am they started to cut the lawn which is a two hour job. They were done with the weekend chores by ten thirty in the morning and showered.
During the time the men were doing the yard work. Charlene who is very nervous about modeling is getting ready. Tammy is helping her pick out some outfits to model. They started at eight thirty and two hours later, they have four outfits they both agree on for Charlene to model.
"I really wish you were modeling also Tammy. I would feel so much better about this. I am too old to model nude." Charlene confided in the younger woman. She had fear in her eyes and her posture showed she is scared of the coming modeling session.
"Mom, you're a beautiful mature woman. I could model with you if you like, even though I won't be modeling for the class." Tammy said, in hopes that will make the older woman feel better about modeling.
"Tammy, you would do that for me. I would really appreciate it that will help me overcome the reluctance I am feeling about showing my femininity to the world." Charlene said, as she was getting ready to shower, stripping off her negligee in front of the younger woman.
"If I am going to model with you,, I need to get ready also." Tammy said as she bolted out of the room for her bathroom and a shower.
By eleven am Tom and Jamie had the family room set up as a studio. The two women came down the stairs and into the studio. Both men turned to see visions of beauty before them, with the light shining through their negligee's, it looked like a veil, but their bodies were visible in the proper light. Tammy had a red intimate garment on and Charlene a white negligee. Their bodies made much more fascinating with the intimate garments they chose.
"Both of you look beautiful. Charlene you have a mature beauty about you and Tammy you have the innocence of a child with the body of a woman." Tom said only seeing Tammy in an intimate garment a few times. On the other hand he never tires of seeing his wife in sexy outfits or nude.
Jamie was blown away with the two women's appearances saying. "How can one guy be so lucky to have two beautiful women to photograph, in one day?" Hoping Tammy will be willing to model also today.
Charlene, looking at the two men, but talking to Tammy said. "It looks like the guys are going camping doesn't Tammy?" She is pointing to the bulges in their pants and laughing with Tammy at the condition the two women caused in, their men.
"Jamie is that what is going to happen when your photographing your mother in class? Shame on you Jamie I think you have mommy issues." Both women are laughing now at the expense of Jamie's lack of pecker control.
"Tammy my husband isn't doing much better, he looks like a tripod standing there. Charlene said to Tammy teasing her husband, but proud she could still get a rise out of him.
Because of the teasing the women were tossing at the men, it was causing shrinkage of the love muscle, they were so embarrassed.
"I think we should get started on the posing and photographic session." Jamie said excited to have his mother model for him as he looked at his mother, noting she had the look of embarrassment on her face.
"Jamie, I will model first then mom can model." Tammy said, knowing that Charlene is conflicted and embarrassed to model for her son.
"Tammy I really appreciate that you are willing to model first, it will help me get over my embarrassment." Charlene said happy Tammy will still model with her, even though she doesn't have to model for the Visual Arts class anymore.
"I guess I will go golfing this afternoon, while you ladies are modeling for Jamie." Said Tom, he figured that Tammy would not want to model in front of him.
"Dad, I think Jamie could use help with the lights, if you wanted to stay for the modeling session. I don't mind, Mom do you have a problem with Dad Helping Jamie." Tammy said as she saw the disappointed look on Tom's face, when he said he was going golfing.
Overjoyed that Tammy asked him to stay, Tom said. "Sure, I can help Jamie with the lighting."
Jamie started off slowly, with Tammy posing for standing photos in her intimate garment, taking hundreds of photos within the first twenty minutes, from every angle and every side, while his mother watched. The photos were barely R rated. Tom did a great job working the lights for his son.
"Mom, now it is your turn to model the same poses as Tammy." Jamie said as the women changed places. Tammy sitting and watching as Charlene went through the poses.
When Charlene finished with the first set of poses, they put them up on the computer, to go over the photos taken. As a group, they picked out ten of the best pictures of both women and then deleted the rest.
"Do you want to go change into another outfit or do you want to go to the erotic poses?" Jamie asked the two women.
After discussing what they wanted to do, Charlene as the spokesperson said. "We decided that we want to get the modeling session over with, so we will go right to the erotic modeling."
Both women removed their negligees at the same time, standing nude in front of both men with smiles that showed embarrassment. Both women had a red glow of their complexion, to their pubic mound.
The two men had their own problem caused by the women's nakedness, at about their waist.
"I think the photographers like our outfits." Charlene said to Tammy pointed to the fullness in the front of the men's pants.
"Jamie, I think mom should have her pubic hair shaped into a heart, just like Tammy has." Tom says as he looks at the beautiful red head. Tom, seeing Tammy nude for the first time thought. "Even nude she looks so innocent."
Charlene noticed the smile on her husband's face as he eyed the young red head. "Tammy is beautiful isn't she Tom." Charlene said, bringing a bright red glow to Tom's face being caught staring at the pretty young woman.
"Yes she is! But you my love are a mature beauty also." Tom stated.
"Dad, you want to shape mom's pubic mound into a heart?" Jamie said.
"Jamie, Tammy, and Charlene what do you think about having Tammy shape mom's pubic mound as we take pictures?" Tom said.
The women conversed for a few minutes before coming to a decision; as Charlene was embarrassed to have Tammy groom her private area in front of her son. Tammy being so forthcoming and a good negotiator talked the older woman into having her perform the tonsorial artistry in front of the camera.
"We think it will be fun to record the grooming of my pubic area?" Charlene said being the spokesperson for the two women, hesitantly giving her approval to the intimate photo shoot.
"I will get the grooming equipment." Tammy said as she ran upstairs.
Tammy came down with the equipment and a bath towel she put on the couch. Charlene sat on it, laid back and spread her legs, while Jamie took one photo after the other of his mother's flower of life. Tom was carefully adjusting the lighting to keep his wife's pussy well-lit; so Jamie can get quality photographs of his mother's pussy.
Tammy captivated both men, as they watched her shave the heart on Charlene's mound.
"I think I should shave the hair around your vaginal opening also. What do you think Mom?" Tammy said as she looks at the older woman's pussy.
"I don't know if photos should be taken of that Tammy?" The older woman said, knowing how intimate Tammy will have to get to perform the task.
"I think that is a great idea, Tammy. What do you think Dad?" Jamie says, eager to see the younger woman intimately touch his mother during the shaving process. Jamie knowing how intimate the procedure was shaving Tammy's womanhood and also how turned on she was after the grooming.
"That is a very personal area, I am going to be embarrassed to have Tammy shave my vagina while you guys watch and take pictures." Charlene said turning red with embarrassment at the thought of the younger woman intimately touching her pussy.
"I think it would be a special moment we can capture on film having you groomed by our star border as a private keepsake for us." Tom said, hoping his wife will overcome her shyness, to let Tammy perform the task in front of the camera.
"Mom, it would be very special to me if I can perform this task for you, and if you like I will let you shave me the next time I need to have it done, instead of having Jamie do it?" Tammy said naively, without thinking, as she wanted to compare the feeling of the older woman's pussy with hers.
"Jamie you have been grooming your girlfriend's intimate parts?" Both the parents said at once with a stern look at both the young people.
Jamie being very horny, watching his girlfriend intimately touching his mother which gave him courage to speak up said. "Mom, Dad, Tammy is almost twenty. I am twenty. Mom you're sitting in front of me with your legs spread and my girlfriend is between your legs grooming you and you're surprised that I have been grooming her vagina, when you know that our 'studying has been Tammy practicing to be an erotic model. While I am talking about this, yes Tammy and I have been intimate also. I Love Tammy with all my heart and will never hurt her." Wanting to get everything on the table, so there will be an understanding of the younger couple's involvement.
Tammy ran to Jamie and put her arm around him as he has never said that in front of anyone before, professing his love for her publicly.
"Mom, when is the first time you had sex?" The young woman asked Charlene innocently wanting to know if she was married or not.
Charlene turning red and stuttering said. "Well I just turned eighteen and it was the senior prom after all."
"Well I didn't go to the prom with your mother." Tom said as a way to let to two younger people know she had sex with others.
Wanting to change the subject Charlene said. "Can we get started with my grooming and I want to have photos of me grooming Tammy also."
Charlene spread her legs to give the younger woman access to her womanhood. Tammy spread the shaving cream around the older woman's labia, as Tom adjusted the lighting and Jamie took photos of the procedure. Both men were extremely excited watching the women. Tammy took the older woman's vaginal lip between her fingers and removed the hair very carefully; she had her fingers in Charlene's pussy while she shaved her.
Meanwhile Jamie thankful he had an auto advance on his camera took many photos of the event. Tammy took twenty minutes to carefully groom the older woman's pussy.
When Tammy wiped way the excess shaving cream the older woman's pussy looked marvelous with her lips distended an obvious sign she was very excited.
"Mom let me finish get on your knees so I can do your bum." Tammy said as she backed away to give the older woman space to get into position.
Jamie was in hog heaven, seeing his mother and his girlfriend completely nude, performing this task that is only done in private. He took so many photos he had to change the SDS cards in the camera. Tammy stuck her finger in the older woman's pucker hole as she was shaving around it.
"UUUHH what are you doing Tammy." The surprised older woman said when Tammy stuck her finger in Charlene's ass.
"Oh sorry mom, wanted to make sure I got all the hair is all." Tammy replied, but her real goal was finding out what the older woman's back door felt like.
When Tammy was done with the older woman's grooming, Charlene turned to look at the two men, both had a tent and wet spots on the jeans. "I think we need to take care of the men's problem, Tammy. What do you think?" The older woman being very aroused needed to have a release before she blew a gasket.
"Mom if it OK with you, I think we should thank them for being so nice taking pictures of us and all."
Charlene made the first move; Tom was right next to her. She grabbed him by the waist, unbuckled his belt and pulled down he pants and underwear in one motion, grabbing him by his hard on, and turning her back to him. She pulled him to her womanhood and inserted the head into her steaming honey pot.
When a man has a hard on, he is only thinking of getting off. He pushed into his wife, while the younger couple watched fascinated to see the older couple fucking in front of them. Jamie was watching his parents in amazement. Tammy needing cock also, unbuckled her boyfriend's pants and pulled them down along with his underwear. Getting in a position to watch the older couple fuck, she grabbed Jamie by his cock, and aimed him into her fuck hole, while they watched the action next to them.
The orgasms came quick and hard, the four laid in an after sex glow next to each other embarrassed at the private act they performed in front of each other.
"Jamie and Tammy, what we just did stays here I don't want any of your friends coming here and saying something about what we just did together." Charlene said, upset they performed the sex act in front of her son and his girlfriend and, furthermore condoned the younger couple having sex in front of her and her husband.
"I think we should see how the photos came out." Said Jamie getting the camera and plugging it in to the USB cable attached to the computer.
The group, still nude, looked through the photos, picking the best to keep, and deleting the rest.
"Mom, you look beautiful in all your naked glory." Tammy said, as she went through the photos which were kept.
Embarrassed to see photos of Tammy with her fingers in the older woman's pussy, Charlene stated. "Your fingers are inside my vagina, while you shaved my Kitty. We can't show these photos to anyone. Tammy, please don't tell your parents about what we did today." The older woman is horrified. what people will think of her, if the photos ever surfaced on a website, or one of Jamie's friends got a hold of these photos.
Tammy concerned that Charlene is going to stop the photo session after looking at the photos said. "Mom, I want Jamie to take pictures of my kitty also." As the younger woman sat on the couch and spread her legs, opening her vagina with her fingers. "Jamie I am ready to have some photos taken of me."
Jamie seeing his girlfriend spread out in front of them he started to photograph her from all angles, his father taking direction from him as he is shooting the model.
This is the first time Tom can take a good look at the younger woman's pussy and breasts. "She is one looker and has the innocence of a young girl." He though while working the lights for Jamie.
Charlene was in a position to see the modeling session and also sitting at the computer going through the photos that were taken together. "Actually the photos are very good Jamie took of us." The older woman thought as she scrolled through the photos.
"Mom, can I take some photos of you in the same position Tammy just modeled in?"
"Yes, I guess so. Jamie" The older woman said as she sat on the couch that was just vacated by Tammy, and reclining spreading her legs, as Tammy did before her.
Jamie, doesn't your mother look fetching in the position showing her womanhood?" Tammy said, smiling at the older woman, while she was talking to her boyfriend.
Starting to photograph his mother without acknowledging his girlfriend's comment as Jamie was concentrating on composition of his photos, knowing he will have to bring the photos to the professor to critique. His father was following him around with the lighting as Jamie directed him.
"I am proud of my wife that she has the courage to show her intimate being to her son, so he can photograph her." Tom was thinking looking at his lovely mature wife with her pussy and breasts showing, while she smiled at the camera.
After taking a hundred photos Jamie said. "Mom, you look tired I think we're done. I have enough photos to pick from and put on disk to bring to Professor Beatty, so he can critique my work. Thank you."
"Jamie you can use some of my photos also if you like to give to the professor. That is if there are any good enough to use." Tammy said.
From the time Jamie finished shooting the two women; he was loading and cropping the photos of his mother and Tammy. Tammy remained nude and was there with him to put her two cent in. It took him until midnight to finish the photo selection and photo shop the photos, but the young couple thought they looked great.
They went to bed in the same room for the first time, both were nude, but they were too tired to make love.
The next morning was another story. Jamie thought he was having a wet dream, he was getting the best blow job of his young life. He opened his eyes to see tousled red hair slowing moving up and down on his erection. When the fog of sleep cleared he realized that Tammy slept with him last night, and now she was worshiping his manhood in the best way possible. He said. "Stop Tammy I want to make love to you." Gently grabbing Tammy, by the shoulders to bring her up, to have her mount his manhood, he wanted her to control the act.
Tammy understanding what Jamie wanted crawled up onto his chest and backed up until she impaled herself on his manhood moaning as to the wonderful feeling of being filled. "Jamie you feel so good." The young woman groaned as she rode his rod.
They only lasted a few minutes, but Oh was it a joyous few minutes. He came and she had an orgasm almost at the same time. She lay on his chest with him still embedded in her womanhood.
"I love you Tammy." Jamie whispered to the beautiful young woman.
"I love you also Jamie." Tammy said as she started to French kiss Jamie, which caused a twitching of his love muscle.
"We better stop and get ready for church or we will be late, if we go for round two." Jamie said as he rubbed the young woman's back.
Realizing he was right, she got off him and went to his bathroom to shower. She took a towel and dried herself, while Jamie took a shower. She was walking down the hall to her room in only a towel when Charlene came out of the master suite.
"Hi Mom we will be ready for church in about five minutes." Tammy said to the older woman as she walked by.
After the church service the group went to breakfast.
When they arrived home Tom said. "Jamie, do you need to take any more photos today?"
"No Dad, I have enough for a portfolio to show the professor. I was up until midnight putting it together. I will let you see it if you want." Jamie said.
"I am going golfing then if you don't need my services today." Tom said.
Jamie walked into the kitchen to see Tammy and his mother nude. "What is this all about both of you nude?"
"We are going swimming and sunning today you and dad want to join us?" Tammy said.
"Sounds like a great Idea." Jamie said to the women and then hollering. "Dad you sure you want to go golfing?"
"Why would I want to stay home?" Tom said as he was walking into the kitchen to go out to the garage. "Wow, ladies I like your birthday suits, but why are you nude?"
"We decided to do some nude sunbathing and swimming. You sure you want to go play golf it is really hot out you know and the pool is very refreshing." Charlene said as she walked up to her husband and rubbed her body against him.
"You're right Charlene it is too hot to golf today I will stay home."
"That is great Tom, but there is only one thing. If you're going to swim with us you and Jamie have to be nude also, isn't that right Tammy."
"That's right mom from now on the pool area is nude only." Tammy said.