My brother's wife, Janice, succumbed to an unexpected, brief illness two years ago. My sisters attended her funeral, but only my husband and I seemed to fully grasp the depth of my brother's despair. We had spent a week in his home helping with the funeral arrangements and his grief. My brother, Doug, and I sat up late into the evenings reliving the highs and lows of our lives, the joy of marriage, and the sorrow of losing one's best friend and partner.
Doug and I grew close during that week we spent with him despite my being seven years his junior. We have since talked on the phone for hours at least once a week or more over the past two years. My husband Frank understood Doug's depression and encouraged our close relationship.
"Your brother lost his best friend and lover and he needs your female love understanding, and companionship."
"You aren't worried we are getting too close?"
"No, you're family. The intimacy does you both good. In fact, it might be good for you to spend some time with him. It would do him good to have a woman in his life to help him climb out of his self pity."
My husband always surprised me by understanding my feelings often better than I did myself. I had been thinking of visiting my brother, but I didn't know how to raise it as a possibility.
I had moved to the West Coast not long after graduating from high school. At twenty, I had found work as a secretary in an academic department in a university. It was a new world for me; educated, good looking men my age and distinguished, sexy faculty that I held in awe. I was young, inexperienced, and a virgin. But the university academic social life changed all that, and I led a wild and maybe slutty lifestyle for the next ten years as I shed my Midwestern naïveté. I had never been close with my brother and we rarely talked as I relished my sexual freedom that I thought would be scandalous to those back home.
I had settled down to think about what I wanted when I met Frank. He knew nothing about my life in my twenties and never asked. I left it at that and only thought about those years in my dreams. Frank sometimes asked what I was dreaming about as I writhed and moaned beside him as I slept, but I always begged off as not being able to remember.
I should describe myself. Frank likes my long, wavy blond hair that drapes over my shoulders and down my back. He loves it as I brush it over his face and chest when I sit astride his hips when we make love. My breasts are round and full with small areola and hard, pointy nipples engorged and erect out most of the time, even more exaggerated when I am aroused. I don't need a bra for support. My breasts have sagged very little as I have aged.
Frank loves my pokies when I wear the thin cotton tees and tops that I prefer. He tries hard to suppress his own pokie when we shop downtown or at the mall and men stare. And yes, it turns me on knowing my razor sharp nipples turn men's heads. It is the one pleasure I still allow myself to enjoy from my slutty days, and it turns Frank on without my having to share my secrets.
So what does this have to do with Doug? I wear padded bras when I need to hide my nipples in more formal, staid settings. Our trip to the funeral was one such occasion, so my brother had never seen me free and perky.
Frank hinted that I should change my planned wardrobe as I packed to visit my brother. He pulled out the bras I had packed, my pjs, and my chaste clothing. Instead, he handed me my cotton tops, short skirts, silk dresses, sundresses, my negligees, and my skimpy bikinis.
"I'm not going to seduce my brother," I protested.
"No, you want to rekindle his lust for life. You want to help him realize what he is missing, fan the ember of lust smoldering under his depression. Besides, it's time he learns that his little sister is neither a little girl nor an elderly matron. You want to be close with him, you need to be honest with him."
"I can't wear these negligees."
"Yes, you can. But, if you want be more reserved; add your black, shortie sleeping tee and some black panties. Then you have options depending on how it goes."
And that is how I came to greet my brother at the airport wearing my favorite pink, low cut cotton top, mid thigh white skirt, and three inch strappy heals.
Doug stopped short and just stared as I exited security.
"Damn little sister. When did you grow up?"
He pulled me into a tight hug and then held me at arms length as he scanned my body from head to toe.
"Let's get your bags and head home. I've got a nice bottle of wine and some steaks to grill. And you, little sister, need to start explaining your change. Did you just come out of your shell, or have you been hiding something from me?"
My brother's house sits on a lake with a patio, large green lawn, and a dock on the lake. The edges of his property are heavily wooded affording complete privacy from the neighbors. As we reacquainted ourselves in person without the intimacy barrier of the phone, we opened up about our past lives.
I shared how I lived with someone twenty years older than me after I started working at the university and then moved in with five male graduate students for a few years. I shared the moment I discovered I was pregnant before miscarrying and how that led me to moving out on my own before meeting Frank. I also hinted that I had not shared everything.
We spent our afternoons in the backyard enjoying the 90-degree weather and the cool lake waters. Doug really liked my skimpy sundresses, but he appreciated my small bikinis even more. I told him Frank had packed my bags figuring that I needed to restart his libido. That drew a laugh and a kiss as he expressed his sincere thank you to my husband.
But, when the evening eventually came and the sun retreated for the day, Doug would fall back into his depression talking about how much he missed his wife and her companionship. After the third night, I finally asked what they would be doing if she were here instead of me.
I suppose I had been naive about life in the Midwest. Doug explained they enjoyed being naked in the backyard and skinny-dipping. At night, they would retire to the bedroom and watch soft and hardcore porn before making love. They even made their own porn tape, making out and making love while a neighbor videotaped their activities. Janice then fucked their neighbor while Doug filmed the action. Over the years, Doug had videoed Janice with other lovers when the itch and opportunity presented itself. I was astonished, but I now knew what my brother needed to pull himself out of his funk.
"Why don't we retire to your bedroom and watch one of your tapes?"
"Really?"
"Yes really. But don't wait too long. I might chicken out if you give me a chance to think about."
"Okay."
"Let me get ready for bed and I will meet you in your room."
I had been sleeping in the nude because of the heat. That wouldn't work, but I remembered my black sleeping tee. It came to just below my crotch, but with the black panties I was better covered than in my bikinis. Still, my nipples betrayed my arousal as they threatened to poke through the thin cotton.
Doug was in his pjs, sitting up against gigantic lounging pillows. I laughed at the sight.
"Really, in this heat? Is that how the two of you prepared to watch porn?"
"No, usually we were naked and cuddling."
"Okay, I see your point, but what about just your boxers?"
Doug had them on under his pajamas. Lying back in just his boxers, he invited me to lie next to him. I moved close and then pulled his arm around me as I laid my head on his shoulder.
"Start the movie."
Doug selected a cheating wife theme that opened with a well-endowed blond writhing beneath two men playing with her naked tits, alternating between pulling and sucking her nipples as she stroked their cocks. Boring if you think about it, but her moans eventually stirred something within me. Without thinking, I guided Doug's hand to my breast.
I let out a soft, involuntary sigh when his fingers brushed over my nipple. I nestled deeper into his shoulder as he rolled my nipple between his fingers, occasionally pulling on it softly. An electric jolt shot through my clit with each tug. Doug either felt or sensed my reaction because he pinched harder with each tug. Soon I had forgotten the movie and concentrated on the pleasure pulsing from my breast.
I could feel the heat in the room as a thin layer of sweat began forming on my chest. The cotton clung to my tits as I felt myself flushing red.
"Oh hell," I exclaimed as I sat up and pulled the tee over my head and tossed on the floor.
I lay back on Doug's chest and pulled his hand back to my breast. He turned towards me and turned my head to his before kissing me softly on the lips.
I opened my eyes and gazed into his as I whispered, "Is this how your evenings began?"
He put a finger to my lips and shushed me. "That was then, let's just enjoy this moment."
I settled back on his shoulder and our attention turned back the movie. The cheating wife was sucking one cock while another plowed into her from behind. Her tits where bouncing in time with the thrusts of the men's cocks.
I looked down and Doug's cock was straining against his boxers. I'm not sure why, but it crossed my mind that it must be uncomfortable. Freeing myself from his grasp, I sat up and moved down to where I could pull his boxers off and tossed them to where my nightshirt lay on the floor. His cock sprang free and began to swell. I looked up to see him watching me. I lay back on his chest, but he sat up and grabbed the waistband of my panties.
"Fair is fair," he said as he pulled them down and off. He tossed them to join our clothes on the floor. Doug leaned down and kissed the top of my pussy before leaning back and pulling me into a passionate kiss. Our mouths opened as we searched for each other's tongues.
I think we were both embarrassed and unsure as we settled back into the movie again. I had missed a lot, but I assumed the woman's husband was watching through a crack in the bedroom door as his wife was being anally fucked. He was stroking his own cock, obviously turned on by the scene playing out before him.
"Do you masturbate when you watch these movies?"
"What?"
"Do you stroke your cock and get off?"
"Yes," but he stopped obviously embarrassed.
"Well go ahead, I don't mind."
"I can't with you here."
"Suit yourself."
Doug's hand drifted down my belly until it brushed over my vulva, lingering for a second on my clit before drifting back up to my breast. I was so aroused and could feel Doug's hips moving against mine. I looked down and watched his cock twitch and jerk.
Oh to hell with it I thought. He needs relief.
I sat up and moved to my knees. Bending over my brother, I kissed the tip of his cock. Then I kissed softly down its sensitive underside until I could lick his balls. His cock jumped against my cheek as I sucked them into my mouth before licking his shaft back to the tip again.
Looking up at my brother, I slowly sucked him into my mouth. I ran my tongue around the head, flicking lightly on the sensitive frenulum, the V where the vein of the urethra meets the glans. Doug's cock grew in response. I savored the salty pre-cum as it oozed out.
Now I began slowly moving up and down, allowing him deeper into my mouth. I massaged him with my tongue as his cock slid in and out. As I enjoyed its feel and fullness in my mouth, I relaxed and took the bulbous head into my throat as I swallowed around it. Doug groaned and I felt his hands grip my head as he pushed up with his hips and pulled my head down forcing his cock deeper into my throat.
"Oh my God," he exclaimed as I pulled up and ran my tongue around the head of his cock. I lost track of my surroundings as my mind and body focused on the hard shaft pushing back into my throat. I dimly sensed that my pussy was gushing with lubrication as the warmth and wetness burned in my groin.
With a great deal of difficulty, I returned my concentration to pleasuring the throbbing cock in my mouth. Again, Doug's hands pulled my head down as his hips thrust upwards, driving his cock deep into my throat. With each thrust, my clit pulsed with pleasure. The stimulation in my throat was causing an orgasm to build within me.
My brother was fucking my throat as I urged him on with my moans and tongue. I looked up into eyes so he could see the lust pulsing through my body as he ravished my face. All I could think about was how much I loved giving head.
"Cum for me," I gushed as I gasped for breath.
With one deep thrust, I felt his cock stiffen and grow before his semen began erupting into my throat. My swallowing motions served to milk the yummy cream streaming into my stomach. Then my own orgasm hit as I pulled up for a breath, and the next rope of cum hit me in the eye. Another spurt hit my forehead as I rose up to gulp down a breath of air before sinking my mouth down on his cock again.
As his cum slowed to infrequent spurts while his cock jumped in my mouth, I returned to massaging the head with my tongue. Doug moaned and panted as I stroked him with my tongue. His grip softened and turn to a gentle stroking of my hair as his cock deflated. When I finally released his cock, I looked him in the eye as I scooped the cum off my face and into my mouth.
Doug lay back fully spent, panting heavily as he came down from his orgasmic high.
"Did Frank teach you that?"
"No, that was something I learned in my twenties. I don't blow Frank. I don't want him to ask how I got so good at cocksucking. Now I realize how much I miss it."
Then I became aware that I had soaked the bedcover when I came.
"I'm so sorry. Let me pull it off the bed. Your sheets are dry."
I found the remote and stopped the video. It seemed tame compared to the act I just performed. I found the light switch and flipped it off. Moonlight lit the room through the open windows as it reflected off the lake. I lay down beside my brother and he pulled me back into his arms.
"Your turn?"
"No, I came with you. I just want to lay here and feel your body against mine."
"Tomorrow night, would you share how you learned to do that? Maybe tell me more about your twenties?"
"You want to hear about nude beaches, skinny-dipping, older lovers, living with five horny men, wanton partying?"
"Yes. Janice liked playing naked in our backyard and skinny-dipping in the lake. And yes, it turned me on to watch her display herself to passing boaters, deliverymen, and pick up strangers in bars. The Midwest life was probably more exciting than you think and she would jerk me off as she told me about her adventures when I was not home to watch. I miss that intimacy."
"Hmmm," I moaned. "Maybe that will be tomorrow evening's adventure. For now, I need to sleep."
I ran my hand down his stomach and softly grasped his limp cock as I slipped into a dream state. Yes, maybe I was helping my brother heal. Tomorrow I would call Frank. Maybe he is ready to hear more about his wish that I help my brother heal.