We are sitting by the bonfire late at night. It is cold so you are on my lap and we have a blanket over both of us to stay warm. You are in your sweats which are thin and allow me to easily feel through them to your body.
People are around the campfire but the music is drowning out most of the noise allowing us to be a little adventurous. My hands rub over your body under the blanket, massaging you all over as I whisper in your ear how beautiful you are and how much I want to fuck you. You close your eyes as you feel my hot breath on your ear. Your body hints at arousal as I begin to become bolder and run my hands over your stomach, tracing up to your bra and down to your panties. I can feel your body arch as you sit on my lap and my penis starts to grow and you can feel it on your ass.
My hands are cold as I slid one under your bra to your nipples. Your body cringes as my cold fingers are placed upon your nipple, instantly making it harder than it already was. You gasp a slight moan, but this allows you to become aware of the people around. This creates a sense of fear of being caught but creates a greater sense of arousal from that thrill. My hands quickly warm up to your body and I caress both your breasts under your shirt, under the blanket, completely unknown to all that are around. Soft moans come from your mouth as I kiss your neck. Again our hoods cloud any thought that we are doing anything other than sleeping.
My fingers drift further down your body, slowly tracing down your stomach. I reach under your pants and rub my fingers over your panties. I feel the wetness as your panties are soaked from the previous foreplay. I slide my finger over your panties, over your lips, tracing all the way up and down. My hand then delves under your panties and I slowly push a finger inside you. Your pussy is so wet as I enter into you to brush your g-spot. Slowly I play with your lips, nothing too harsh so that we don't alarm those around us, but soft slow strokes up the folds of your pussy. My finger runs slowly over the outsides of your lips up to your clit just to slowly go back down. I make sure to dip into your juices with each stroke I make, getting you more wet and more aroused. Your eyes close as your body arches slightly as each brush hits you with a tease of what's to come later. I softly kiss and bite your neck as my finger continues to tease. My other hand grabs your breast as my erection becomes more prevalent.
My arousal starts to build as my dick is fully hard and I make soft thrusts with the mini lap dance I receive from your body's reactions to me. My hardness only arouses you more as I stick two fingers deep inside you hard and stop inside you. Your body arches and you twitch in a way that almost attracts attention. I peer around to make sure we haven't been discovered and relax into my slow teases again. I whisper into your ear how much I want to fuck you and we decide to take this game to bed.
We share the bed as the others sleep on the floor in the other room though I do shut the door to allow for a little noise to come from us without being caught. I lie next to you and start to massage your back. My hands go from your neck down your back to the top of your ass and then back up rubbing hard into your muscles. You lay on your stomach as my hands travel to more forbidden areas. I start to massage your ass, getting a great feel. Then I move down your legs, being sure to rub my hands on the insides of your thighs, brushing slightly between your legs. I unbutton your pants and slide them off. my hands continue to rub your legs but move up closer and closer to your pussy. my hands graze over your panties, rubbing your lips and they move on. Your panties get more wet and I lean down to kiss the back of your legs and pull down your panties. I slide down my pants and turn you on your side. My dick is hard and you feel it as it touches your ass. I move up and kiss the back of your neck as I position my dick at the entrance of your pussy. I grab your hips and slowly slide into you.
Your pussy feels tight as it stretches to fit my dick. Your back arches and you let out a small moan. I take my hand to cover your mouth so those in the other room don't hear us. You can smell your scent on my hand and I continue with the slow thrusts. My other hand starts to play with your tits. I pinch your nipples with each thrust. My hand then moves down to your pussy and I swirl my finger around your clit. My thrusts are slow and deep but my finger rubs your clit faster and faster. Your muffled moans get louder in my hand and I make sure to cover your mouth tighter. my dick pulls all the way out and I thrust in hard, being sure not to make too much noise. my finger is soaked from your juices and flicks your clit up and down faster. Your breathing gets faster and I have trouble keeping my slow pace. I start to fuck you a little faster when your back arches and your body begins to shake. I hold your body tight as I feel your pussy grip onto my dick. My cum explodes into you with stream after stream of my hot seed going deep into your pussy.
I kiss the back of your neck as I pull out of you. We were quiet enough to not wake up anyone in the other room! Exhausted from the excitement we fall asleep in each other's arms.
----------------------
The next morning you wake up almost out of breath. The house is empty except for us. Sensations are soaring through your body as your eyes barely open and you are clueless as to why. As you look around you see my face between your legs and you begin to realize my tongue is deep inside your pussy. You wrap your legs around my head and I my tongue speeds up as I realize you have awoken. My mouth covers your clit and I suck your lips with mine and flick your clit with my tongue as my hands reach up your shirt and grab your tits. Your pussy is so wet from when I played with you while you were sleeping. I move my face up to concentrate on your clit and I push my finger deep into your pussy. Now your g-spot and your clit are getting attention and your moans start to get louder. You feel the orgasm building in your body and your back arches as your pussy tightens onto my fingers. I slow my speed down and slowly push a finger in and out of you as I make soft kisses on your clit and down your lips, sucking slightly.
As you come down from your orgasm, I move up and kiss you. You take your shirt off and get on top of me. You grab my hard cock and guide it to the entrance of your pussy. You sit down and your pussy stretches around my dick and we both moan. You start to ride moving up and down and I grab your ass and thrust upward into you. The pace picks up and the bed starts to squeak a little as I grab your hips and force you down harder on my cock. Your tits bounce as I go in and out of you. I pull out and throw you on the bed. I bend you over and see your perfect ass as I slam my dick back into you doggy style. I grab your hips and thrust harder into you. I pick up pace, pulling you so I go deeper into you. You moan into the bed as you get closer to cumming. I grab your hair and pull you up to me. I bite your ear and whisper how tight your pussy is and how I can't wait to cum inside you. I throw you back down and fuck you harder as your orgasm builds. Just then your body collapses as you cum. Your moaning and shaking sends me over the edge and my body collapses over you as I grab your tits and my dick starts to shoot deep inside of you with my hot cum. My dick softens inside of you and I lay down next to you with you in my arms as we both fall back asleep.
I wake up and we are both fully clothed in bed with the house full of people. We had only got in bed together because there was no where else to sleep. It was just my dream.