Thankfully edited by Angel Love
This is the first story I have ever written so bare with me. I just have to tell you about the night my girlfriend and I had...
*
For the past few years I have been fantasizing about my girl in a situation I can't control. Yeah, that's right, I'm the boyfriend that gets turned on thinking about other men with my loved one. However, reality is a whole different ball game. It's one thing to think about it, it's another to actually do it!
I fall head over heels every time I look at her; long angelic blonde hair, diamond eyes that glitter like stars, a smile that lights up the world, a tiny size 6 body with creamy fair skin and the most amazing, soft, big 32DD's I've ever seen. She knows I'm crazy about her breasts, crazy about how she uses them, crazy about how much attention they get...she love's it. She is my dream woman.
The respect, admiration, lust and love is all mutual, and our bond will always go unbroken. My honesty tells her my fantasies, and her deviance embellishes them. She spends countless nights whispering scenarios that resemble my fantasies until I explode wherever she tells me to. The whispers paint out exhibitionism, voyeurism, and crazy gang bang pictures.
While my thoughts put her with other men, her thoughts are just of the two of us in an exhibition/voyeurism scenario. However, her eagerness to satisfy mine has given me the indication that a guilty conscience stands in the way of admitting that her deepest thoughts are a mirror of mine. So now that you know a little bit about our funkiness, I want to tell you about a night we had that I'll never ever forget....
*******
We arrived on Hamilton Island bright and early on a Thursday morning. The long flight had made us very sleepy, not to mention being woken up by a 4am alarm to drive to the airport. We battled our sleepiness with the excitement of our holiday surroundings as we were transferred by bus to our hotel. We barged open the room door with a cumbersome anxiety, dropped our luggage and plunked our bodies on the bed. As I open my eyes, I saw the sweetest face in the world staring into my eyes, waiting for me to wake up.
"Finally you are awake," she said as I felt her hand caress lightly over my stomach.
"You are so beautiful babe, I love you so much," I smiled.
As usual, we said goodbye to our slumber by caressing each other all over. I started massaging the insides of her thighs and she replied by sliding her soft hands down my stomach and under my pants. Just then I heard activity outside and realized that our fatigue had refrained us from taking in our surroundings. After all, we were on a fucking holiday.
Much to her surprise, I pushed her hand away, jumped up and shouted, "We're here baabbyyy!!!"
She jumped up and wrapped her legs around me and planted a big kiss on my mouth as I carried her out onto the balcony. It was beautiful. It overlooked the whole beach. Crystal waves of coolness sliding onto the most fine white sand ever. The room was in the heart of nightlife madness, but it's eyes saw a soothing tide drift in and out under a postcard sunset. It was amazing.
We both were hanging over the balcony rail when I noticed a group of guys in their early 30's walking along the street below us. They too were taking in the surroundings when I heard one of them say to the other, "Check out the tits on that!"
They all indiscreetly looked up at my girl who had unintentionally pushed her breasts together with her shoulders as she bent over the rail, giving her a big deep cleavage. I looked at her and she froze with a big smirk on her face, knowing full well that it'd turn me on to let them look. We only had a fantasy session of that style last night.
They kept walking chuckling and murmuring approvals amongst themselves. Butterflies were fluttering through my body, and her eyes could see right through me. She raised her eyebrows and threw me a look that had a halo and sighed, "Hmmmmm the opportunities."
I didn't understand, but I did. "Wow, where is this coming from?"
"Well you heard those guys, I'm sure there is gonna be plenty of that going on. After all, I do have a huge set of tits on me for such a small girl," she smirked as she grabbed them.
"Babe, be careful, you don't want to have to finish me off!" I grinned.
She started sliding her other hand down my stomach and stopped at my underwear line. "You know what, these can come off and so can your top."
I cut her off,"What, right here on the balcony?"
I was surprised. Most of the time its me pushing the boundaries. "Yup! What, are you scared?" she bickered.
"No, I don't know, well..."
She firmly grabbed my cock through my pants. It was then I discovered she was on a mission. Obviously I was too, cause I was hard as a rock!
"Well someone is not afraid!" she giggled as she groped it more "I love feeling it grow, it gets so big and hard."
I took my singlet off and threw it into the room but stopped there. I suppose I was a little afraid. The street lights made everything so bright. Anyone could clearly see what was going on, but as much as it scared me, it turned me on like crazy.
Her hand reached into my pants and firmly grasped my throbbing hard cock. As I noticed the cheeky expression painted on her face, she pulled it out right there on the balcony. There were people walking by consistently. I wanted to put it back in but I couldn't. As soon as she realized her hand was welcomed with public display, she started stroking. It was on!
"You like it when guys perv at my big tits don't you?" she whispered, "well guess what? I like it too! I want guys to stare. Yeah, I do. Look at all the opportunity. I could have any guy on this island by using these tits!"
I couldn't believe what I was hearing. She normally says things like that, but this time, she meant it! It was scary but so fucking hot.
"What about that guy there?" she asked as she gestured to a young surfer looking guy with a toned tanned body.
I uncontrollably let out a moan. "Would you let me fuck him? Or what about that guy? I could so let him tit fuck me!"
She gestured to a big toned surfer looking guy again but this one was much older - looked like he was in his late 20s /early 30's. That turned me on most of all, thinking about my innocent 19 year old sweetheart with an older man.
"Or what about both? You'd like to see two guys slam inside me at the same time wouldn't you? One guy can cum in my mouth and the other can cum in my cunt or on my big tits. I'm sure they'd love to play with these!" she said as she squeezed her busting cleavage together.
Her hand pounded harder and I could feel my juices swarming from under. A thought popped into my head. I wanted to know that she wasn't joking, I wanted to know that she would do everything she said.
I stopped her hand and looked at her deep into her diamond eyes fueled with hormones and said, "You can make me cum on one condition."
"What?" she said maintaining that cheeky look.
"You can make me cum, but everything you say to me has to be the truth. I want to know what you really would do. OK?"
She took a deep breathe, battled the fear and replied, "I'll say these things and I'll mean them only if I know that you'll let me do anything I say, no changing minds. OK?"
We both locked eyes together in realization of what we were both saying, passionately kissed and then she went back to jacking me off harder than anything. Her body moved closer so I could feel her breasts pressing up against my arm through her singlet and her head bent into my ear to whisper, "I'll do anything a guy wants me to do."
I freaked but controlled myself. "When we go out, I will wear the lowest cut top you've ever seen, the shortest mini skirt that exists, and the highest high heels that I have. How does that sound. I'm going to act....like....a...."
I stared at her expecting her not to say it. She paused and than continued, "...I'm going to act like a fucking SLUT!"
I felt the rush from beneath and within 3 pumps of my big hard throbbing cock, I shot streams of hot creamy white cum into the air. The more she pumped, the more came out. I let out a gigantic big moan which grabbed the attention of passing vacationers. We looked at each other and laughed at the mess we made. It wasn't even our first night!
I gave her a big hug and said, "All fantasy right?"
She replied, "Nope. This time it's for real. One cock isn't enough for me on my holiday!"
Her big full lips planted a passionate emotional kiss on me before she walked inside leaving me to clean up the messy evidence on the balcony. The next night came, that being Friday night, we were set to party! My girl started getting dressed but pushed me out of the room.
I was so nervous. I'd been dreading sundown all day, fearing what might happen. I just didn't know what to expect. I waited and waited and waited and then heard the door swing open. Good thing the floor was carpet cause my jaw hit it! She came out wearing a grungy little denim miniskirt that barely covered her butt cheek, a funky pair of high heels, and her tits looked massive. Her halter neck bra gave them ample cleavage and the top revealed just as much as the bra. I couldn't stop staring at them, then it dawned on me. This is what guys will be looking at all night! My stomach rumbled and I got a little shaky.
"Well, how do I look?" she asked bubbling with excitement as if dressed normally. I froze.
"Well?"
I walked over to her and rolled my head into her cleavage and purred, "Babe, are you sure about this? It's really really full on?"
I moved so my face was rubbing up and down her neck. Her hand pulled my head back and her lips opened my mouth for her tongue to massage mine. Both sets of eyes closed as we lost ourselves in a kiss.
The kiss broke and she objected, "Nup, fuck you. I want guys to stare at my tits, and I want you to watch. Like I said before, you aren't enough!"
She grabbed my hand and marched me to the front door, "Do you have the keys?"
"...Yes.." I replied with hesitation.
Another kiss flew my way followed by the words, "It's Friday night babe, let's have some fun!"
I felt a stir in my pants and my stomach groaned like a dinosaur. We found a club that looked like fun. It was an R n B funk club with a patio that backed onto the beach. The club was upstairs, and had a gigantic big balcony overlooking the patio and beach. The serenity was perfect. Only pity was the line up.
"Do you want to line up?" I asked.
"Why not, we aren't in a rush and it looks like a cool place" she replied. "Heaps of hot guys," she giggled.
"Baaby!!...Fuck," I was speechless.
"What's a matter babe, this getting too much for you?" she teased.
I recomposed myself, "Fuck no. I'm up for anything. As long as we drink our asses off, we're good."
I looked at her body in disbelief. I still couldn't come to terms with what she was wearing, it was making me so hard and she knew it. Her smirk said it all. There were already guys perving at her, looking her up and down, and she was soaking it all up. We weren't even inside yet.
Finally we passed through the line, paid the cover charge and wandered in. The air reeked of sex. The songs were loud, skanky and fat, the decor was red and hot, and the crowd was just all around hot. It was pumpin.
We marched up to the bar and downed our first few shots with no words. You could have cut the awkwardness in the air with a knife. I knew she was for real and normally I could see fear through the eyes, but as I stared into her soul windows....I saw none. I saw fire.
She pushed her tits out with the dancer posture that's contained - threw smirks around the room and said, "Lets dance!"
She grabbed my hand and I followed her into a sweaty crowded spot on the dance floor where our eyes locked together and our bodies hugged the beat. I couldn't take my eyes of her tiny ass that shook from side to side and her heavy tits that bounced not subtly through her revealing top. It only took a few songs to notice that all eyes were on her.
I held her close in heat then she spun around in my arms so that her ass grinded up and down my hard cock that was pulsating through my pants. Her torso bent over in front of me, thrusting her ass hard against my crotch, while also giving every guy dancing around her, a great view of her ample cleavage. Her body bounced back upright and her eyes absorbed all the attention she had gained.
My heart was pumping! I love showing off her assets so I let my hands roam her body - boldly rubbing from her stomach, over her busting cleavage then back down to the top of her panty line. With the effects of the alcohol, her hand latched onto mine and she forced my hand to grope her cunt over and under her tiny skirt.
We both noticed every guy around us staring at our hands, so she thrust her hips out to make a statement as both of our hands grabbed and groped her warm mound. The beat continued to pump and was eventually accompanied by her moaning. Our bodies slid with the beat, our hearts pounded over the music and my hand grabbed her harder and deeper while my other hand groped her breasts through her revealing top.
Her moans started getting louder, my juices were screaming and we had every guy on and off the dance floor gob smacked. Just as the DJ mixed into the next song, I started to pull my hand away from her hot spot when she once again, grabbed it with her's, made me slide her underwear to the side, and pushed 2 of my fingers deep inside of her.
"Oh my fucking god you are so so wet...I've never felt you that wet before!" I stated.
I was scanning the room unsure if I wanted anyone to see, but everyone did. I went to pull them out when she made me slide them back in again. She moaned again. Everything got too intense for me to control so I reefed my fingers out without her permission. I noticed her warm love juices had coated my finger and were still dripping from under her skirt.
I couldn't take it anymore. I stormed off the dance floor. I could hear her following when the same group of guys that commented on her tits early that night stopped her in her tracks.
"Wow, you sure know how to dance!" one of them said, "Can we buy you guys some drinks?"
An arm full of muscle wrapped around my shoulders accompanied by a drunken voice screaming, "You have the hottest girl in this room mate. Congratulations!"
Not sure how to take a compliment like that I replied, "Yeah I'm pretty fuckin lucky!"
Before I knew it, our space was invaded by the whole group, and the attention was all on my girl! She made eye contact with me for approval on taking up the drink offer. I knew she had already made up her mind.
"Thanks mate, I'll have a Vodka Lemon Lime bitters and...a rum and coke?" she turned to me.
"Yeah, just a rum thanks mate!" I shouted over the pounding music.
'As if I should be thanking them, they should be thanking me for the eye candy!' I thought to myself.
Conversations were thrown over the thumping beats but not many were thrown my way. All attention was on my baby. How could it not be. I spent the whole time 'standing on the outside looking in', staring at her body filled with breasts that spilled out of her top, feeling the aura that she had made for herself.
You could tell what the guys wanted. They were all toned, tanned, surfer dudes with a lot of charisma and wit to them, and they didn't seem like bad bad news. Still, I started feeling uncomfortable. Normally there is a reassuring connection between my baby and I when we socialize, but she was so wrapped up in all the attention that it actually started to make me panic. Still, my stomach grumbled and my cock grew harder.
They did a pretty good job of making sure there was always a drink in our hands which made us a pretty tipsy couple. She came over to me with a very dirty smile on her face and planted a massive kiss on my lips, thrust her breasts into my face and than grabbed my cock through my pants so all the guys could see. So I followed that through by groping a nice piece of her ass and slid my hand down the crevice of her butt that led to her sweet spot.
"Oooo...go on, put a finger in, right here in front of the whole group, go on! I dare you to!" she moaned.
I lifted up her skirt, scanned the group to see who was paying attention, being all, and slowly started to slide a finger through the side of her underwear until I felt her dripping on me. My baby was gushing with warmth all over her underwear and now she was dripping down my fingers.
"Do you want me to finger fuck you right here in front of the group? Maybe they'll start jacking off over it. What do you think?" I asked while I felt the courage and confidence to jump back in the driver's seat.
"...Wait..stop," she said.
I then put another finger in which meant her underwear was stretched even more to the side, therefore exposing pretty much her whole dripping wet cunt to our audience.
"Fuck off! If you want to act like a slut, I'm going to use you like one!" I replied aggressively.
The look on her face was horrific. "You want me to be a SLUT? Fuck you, you've got it. I fuckin mean it!" she snapped back.
The flames in her diamond eyes were screaming through my soul and when she turned back to the guys ever so confidently, I knew then there was going to be trouble.
As I polished off my 5th rum and coke, one of the guys nudged me and said, "I think James has worked his charms on your girl!"
I turned to see her following one of the guys downstairs, she shouted, "...Don't listen to him babe, I'm fine, James is just taking me for a tour downstairs. I Love you!!!"
I lost a few breaths and all I could hear in my head was my baby aggressing, "You want me to be a SLUT? Fuck you, you've got it!" over and over again.
I marched to the bar, paid for a shot of Absinth, slammed it down my throat and turned around to see the whole group had disappeared! My heart stopped, and as my surroundings turned into a fish bowl, it dawned on me how pissed I actually was. I definitely wasn't thinking straight so I started to panic thinking, 'Where are they, fuck, I can't believe it! Where is she, what have those bastards done?'
I ran around the club scanning it for a head of blonde hair but found no sweetheart. I raced out onto the balcony that overlooks the black sea of highlighted white wash, I hung my body over the rail, and as my eyes swept from right to left of the patio, I witnessed a site that could spin anyone in their graves! My sweetheart angel was sitting on a retaining wall that separated the patio from the sand. Her big creamy white breasts were hanging out of a stretched down neckline that revealed all that was pulled out of her DD cup bra. She was surrounded by the group of guys that entertained us with free drinks, accompanied by a growing amount of onlookers.
I couldn't believe my eyes. I didn't know what to do. This was everything that I've fantasized about....but now it's reality! My mind cramped up into a twist as my true feelings were suffocated in fountains of adrenalin. My instant reaction was to go downstairs and tell everyone to fuck off, but the deviance inside had me cemented to the ground.
I took a big deep breathe and watched as my baby displayed her assets to a crowd of rowdy guys. Not only could I not believe what my baby was doing, but her facial expression, and the look in her eyes, showed no fear, and the big smirks in between her flirtatious giggles made me feel like she'd almost forgotten about me.......It turned me on.
The comments of the growing crowd floated upwards into the air, "Fuck you are so hot!..Look at the size of her tits..I'd love to cum all over them.... ..can I grab them?"
The guy who took her downstairs started feeling the inside of her thigh. She went with it. Then another guy moved in and started to rub the inside of her other thigh. She went with it. The small group of onlookers turned into a swarming crowd of around 30, and it only got rowdier.
As I watched the two *leg warmers* slide their hands further up her thighs, I noticed my baby close her eyes as she let her own hands grab both breasts. I could hear the guys murmuring, and then all went quiet as everyone stood stunned watching a busty blonde grope and manhandle her own big tits that hung heavy out of her top.
The public display of two guys rubbing the insides of my baby's legs gave the passport to the rest for finding a spot on her innocent body to appreciate. I watched another two guys move in pretty quick to her tits as she continued to soak it up. I focused in on their big, dark tanned hands intensely squeezing a breast each, remembering that she always would say how much she likes the look of a dark hand against her fair skin.
The *leg warmers* by now had fully hiked up her skirt and had her legs pulled wide open so that her soaking underwear was on display for all to see. My cock strained through my pants and my hand unintentionally started groping four pair of hands.
The group around her was starting to get so intense and close that I could only catch glimpses of my distant angel through the gaps of each man's tanned muscled body that accommodated her new found adventure. My cock strained more and more and my hand kept rubbing.
I looked around the balcony to see that her audience had grown, but most of the near thousand that crowded the club were unaware of the commotion outside of the beat aromas. From this point for a while, I couldn't see what was going on inside the circle of fiery men but I could see a lot of movement, and noticed a few guys taking off their T-shirts. I caught a few flashes of her face in between muscled torsos, and realized her flirtatious smirk had switched to a dirty animalistic expression of hunger.
The change put me on edge a little. Her facial expressions told me it was consensual, so the thought of not knowing exactly what was going on, continued to turn me on. The situation turned up a notch when a guy pulled himself out and started masturbating. He was standing on the right of the inside circle and by what I could make out, no-one stood in the way of him and her.
He was a very tall, toned, dark guy with surfer hair locks and big strong arms. His stomach was ribbed to the max and his cock was long and thick. I watched his hand as it stroked up and down himself, while his eyes looked like they were burning holes of fire all over my baby's exposed body - which made me think, had they taken any more pieces of clothing off her? I still couldn't see her.
Is her underwear pulled to the side? Fuck...They could be fingering her!! I knew they definitely weren't fucking her from the stillness in the air around them. The big dark guy continued to pound his hard cock with his fist while a few others took themselves out as well.
I assumed by the arm movements that the three guys with their backs to me, closest to her, had their chocks out as well, but I still wanted to know what exactly they were jacking off to because they all ended up taking their cocks out only within a space of minutes. I still couldn't see her. I started getting frustrated with myself and I too wanted to jack off over it but I didn't want to do it on the balcony, so I decided to get a closer look.
I quickly ran downstairs making sure I didn't miss anything, and found a little spot on the sand up from the partition about 6m away from the mayhem. I had an unobstructed view of everything. My questions were answered when I noticed one guy holding my baby's underwear to the side, exposing her dripping wet cunt, while she fingered her enormously swollen clit. Her hand was soaking with lust juices, and all seven guys that surrounded her were pumping their cocks like crazy.
My insides squirmed. The shy guys had folded to the outer limb of heated surfers but continued to grope themselves through their denim. I watched discreetly as my baby grunted and moaned at the site of the commotion her body caused. She was loving it! I pulled my painfully hard cock out of my pants and started stroking it like the others.
A few other people saw me start, but that didn't bother me. It deemed appropriate with all that was going on in front of me. Five minutes went by watching the circle jerk around my busty angel, and I already had to hold back three times. My cock was tight filled with juice which made me wonder if any of these guys were going to cum...and where?
I pumped harder over the possibilities when I noticed the guy grabbing her left breast spraying out streams of cum cream all over the ground that laid beside her. Her head bowed down to watch him spill every last drop. I held back again at the site as my juices rose once more to the brim. Her fingers continued to vibrate herself through the wetness as the guy on the right of her, rubbed down both of her stacked breasts and released a humble moan that saw his big thick cock ejaculate massive shots of jizz for each five pumps.
He kept cumming and cumming and I could tell he was trying to work up the courage to shoot it over my baby's big popular rack, but he too finished it on the ground beside her. I held back again, struggling to retain for any longer. The four guys in front of her were all of what was left of the guys jacking off, and my baby continued to finger herself. I could tell they were all getting close to exploding because I'd see some slow their stroking down, then speed back up again, almost like they didn't want the moment to stop.
I saw my girl do the same as well. I could feel the energy build up and I could hear the moans getting louder and more frequent. Her cunt was literally dripping and glistening with the patio light that hung above, and I could see her face turn bright red. My stomach screamed. Her eyes closed shut, her mouth opened and let out a crying scream that had never been unleashed before. Her hand and body shook, her fingers stopped vibrating, and her cunt fountained orgasmic juices like I've never seen before.
To my shock, she simultaneously slammed almost her entire hand inside herself and then continued to orgasm as she thrust her soaking wet hand in and out as the slippery skin that stretched around it. Her body shuttered and jolted at the sensitivity of her explosion. Her eyes opened to recover an update of the situation.
While still moaning and regaining reality, both guys in front arched their backs and sprayed huge big streams of thick white cum all over her abused cunt, stomach and tits, followed by the other two exploding their 40 minute old cum juices, which ended up spanning like a river from the bottom of her stomach, covering her heavy hanging breasts, her neck and her face. Much to her shock and surprise, she was cum soaked!
The guys groped her wet body, shook all their left-overs onto her stretched cunt, her dripping big DD's and started to walk away as if they were done using her. Her face froze, and I could tell that she was done. I watched as my baby and her cum covered body pushed away the last minute grabs from left out spectators...I had to cum.
I unintentionally released a huge big moan that caught the attention of both my baby and her admirers. She turned to realize what I was doing, a slutty smirk appeared and I fired out thick heavy loads of hot cum down towards the sand while watching my angel slut walking toward me with seven loads all over her exposed breasts, legs, and face.
I've never cum so much in my life. After a solid 10 seconds of shooting my demon seed all over the sand, my angel bent down and made eye contact with me, reconnecting from three hours of deviant distance. I could tell by the look in her eyes that she didn't want to be there anymore and the instant I finished cumming, I wanted the same.
I put myself back in my pants and put my arm around her, taking her away from all the, now, unwanted energies that lingered. We walked on the sand and headed toward the water. Not a word was said. I wanted her to feel my warmth because I feared any regret coming to the surface of her soul. I wanted her to feel that I was OK and everything was just as it was before.
A layer of water smeared over the sand before our feet, and we stopped in our tracks. "Fuck," I said.
"Yeah fuck!" she replied. We paused to hear a wave break.
"Fuck!" I said louder.
"Fuck!!!" she yelled followed by a insane laugh of shock.
"Fuck, you are a fucking mess baby, I can't believe you did that!"
"Oh no, are you alright, are you cool? I promise I would never of done that if you weren't cool with it."
"Babe, babe, babe....It was crazy...I loved it!" I felt a grin rise up my cheeks.
"Are you sure, cause you are the only thing that matters. I love you so so much!"
"Honey, all is good. nothing has changed, I love you more than ever. We can experience anything together..you are my best mate...besides..I know you'd never leave me.."
"Oh really?" she teased.
"Yeah, cause I'm the best looking guy you've ever seen," I joked with the most serious look on my face.
The joke was returned by her kicking water all over me. "You bitch!!" I laughed.
"Now you are as wet as I am!" she bickered.
"You need a rinse," I said, picking her up and chucking her into a gentle flowing wave. Her body shot up from the surface of the water.
Her breasts wobbled freely in the air of the sea but were soon pressed against my naked chest as we held each other, connecting with a spark like the day we first met.
I later found out that one of the guys, when my balcony view was obstructed, put himself inside her and fucked her for a while until she pushed him out because she was worried how I would handle it. I told her it probably would've turned me on even more.
She then admitted that it felt really incredible - she said her heart pounded rapidly when he entered her so much that she could've exploded on him if he continued. When I asked her about how they finished off, she said that she loved how they covered her - that it was so warm and the way they walked off turned her on because it made her feel like she was being used just for her tits!
Can blood get any hotter?