"Jimmy, NO!" I squealed.
Startled, I used the edge of the swim platform to quickly push away. Jimmy had swum up behind me and without warning his fingers had deftly found my clit and parted my folds. As his hand slid out of my bikini bottom, he pulled the suit tight until it caught in my slit and jerked out of his fingers.
Jimmy spun me around and kissed me full on the mouth. I held my lips tight and didn't allow his tongue in my mouth. Damn he was strong. His grip on both my butt cheeks was pinning me against his hips and pushing his erection against my exposed labia. Not this time I thought and I pushed on his shoulders and bit his lip.
He released me and checked to see if his lip was bleeding. It wasn't.
"Ouch!" He mumbled through his fingers.
"What the fuck, why did you bite me? Your nipples are rock hard and poking through the fabric. I wasn't going to go any farther. I thought a little fun would be OK. C'mon Hannah, you want this as much as me. We've been together two years!" He protested.
I grabbed the swim platform and regained my composure.
"Damn it Jimmy, it doesn't matter if it had been ten years. You're not going to finger fuck me in this pond. I'm not going to risk another infection because you have a hard-on. My nipples are hard because of the chilly water. And as to your intentions, that's bullshit, you'd have been inside me if I'd taken another second to push away."
Jimmy's shoulders shrugged submissively and his expression took on the look of a toddler who had his candy snatched away.
"And Jimmy, you just can't shove your hand down my pants or stick your dick in me any time you want. It's my choice not yours. And you'd better look out, Mikayla's coming up behind you."
Jimmy turned to face Mikayla just in time to catch a face full of water.
"I saw what you did to Hannah, and I'll punch your lights out if I ever see you make my little sister jump like that again." Mikayla said, as she splashed more water in his face.
"It wasn't me; it was a fish that startled her." Jimmy sputtered in self-defense.
I winked at Mikayla, "He's right, it was the biggest goddamn 'grope-her' that I've ever seen. And it swam right up between my legs."
"That's what I thought." Mikayla said as she pulled herself up onto the swim platform.
I watched Jimmy stare at my sister's crotch as she pulled herself out of the water. Mikayla's full boobs, firm ass and the cameltoe that had formed in the crotch of her wet bikini bottom had commanded his full attention.
"Jimmy!" I said as I slapped the back of his head.
"What was that for?" Jimmy's said as his head spun to face me with a look of absolute innocence.
"You damn-well know what it was for." I said as I pulled myself up onto the swim platform.
"Ah, Hannah, you need to fix your suit before Jimmy swallows his tongue." Mikayla giggled.
"Oops, my bad." I giggled back.
Jimmy had refocused his attention to my bottom. I could feel exactly what he was looking at. My suit was tugging at my clit. I reached down with one hand, looped the fabric under my finger and slowly covered my fully exposed labia. I used two fingers to smooth and adjust the suit. With naughty intent I traced one finger through my folds. This cameltoe wouldn't be accidental like my sister's had been.
"Oops, my ass." Jimmy laughed.
"Hannah, how can you scold him if you're gonna tease him like that?" Mikayla chided.
"It must have been the grouper." I chuckled.
*****
I checked the shoreline trail that led back to the farmhouse. There were acres of hay fields all around the pond. But the trees and scrub brush that surrounded the pond provided swimmers with complete seclusion. Confident that we were alone, I motioned to my sister that I was taking off my top.
Mikayla smiled quizzically, pointed to her own breasts and silently lip synced the words, "Me too?"
"If you want, it's ok with me." I nodded, as she pulled off her top. I envied her bountiful breasts. They were two cup sizes larger than mine, firm and had puffy nipples. Jimmy was about to get an unexpected treat. I laid on my tummy with my head cradled in my arms. Mikayla did the same.
"Jimmy if you're able to climb up on the swim platform with that gigantic hard-on, you're welcome to join us." I teased.
"I'm going to swim it off, you and Mikayla are killing me." Jimmy mumbled.
I reached back and pulled my bikini bottom between my butt cheeks and rolled down the fabric along the top of my hips.
"That should help blend my tan." I whispered to Mikayla.
"Good idea, but don't expect Jimmy to keep his hands off of you." Mikayla said, as she adjusted her suit the same way.
"No, we just had a talk about his hands, but I'm not sure about his ability to keep his eyes off of you. Mika, even I can't keep my eyes off you. Your body is stunning." I said with admiration.
"You want me to cover up again?"
"Not on my account, it's such a pretty day and the sun feels so good on my bare skin." I replied.
Jimmy swam a lap around the platform and grabbed the deck on the side closest to our feet. I knew that he had a boy's best view of our tits and ass. I could sense a slight rocking motion of the platform. Basking in the sunshine with a smile on my face I suspected that my sister also knew what he was doing.
Jimmy had pulled himself up enough to peer over the edge of the deck. He was rewarded with side boob and tight ass views of both of us.
"You're both fucking with me and I can play your silly game." He muttered under his breath.
Jimmy pulled off his suit and quietly set it up on the deck.
Mikayla and I were laying with our heads cradled in our arms facing away from him. My perky breasts and ass were firm and revealing. The sides of my boobs were completely exposed with my nipples brushing the deck. Water beaded on the skin of my side boob and tickled as it ran down to the deck. I clinched both of my ass cheeks tight for Jimmy.
Jimmy couldn't help himself; he had sheepishly focused his attention on Mikayla's breast and crotch. Her side boob was half compressed into the deck and had a stunning tan line. Her untanned milky white skin was captivating. The tanning oil caused her skin to glisten in the sun. He noticed that she had spread her legs wider just as he'd pulled himself up on the edge of the deck. The wet white fabric covering her crotch was so form fitting that it appeared almost transparent. He could clearly see impressions of her piercing and every contour of her clean-shaven labia. Jimmy lusted to push his cock into her pussy from behind. He quickly shot his load under the swim platform into the cold pond water with just a few strokes.
Jimmy pulled himself up onto the deck and walked naked, dick swinging semi-erect, to a position in front of us. He laid down on his back, folded his arms behind his head and closed his eyes. The warm breeze was drying the short curly hairs from his chest, down his happy trail to his balls.
"Deal with it." Was Jimmys last thought before he drifted off to sleep.
*****
This was the first time that I'd skinny dipped with anyone but Jimmy. Asking Mikayla to join us had been on a whim. She was home from college and looked bored so I invited her.
When Jimmy stepped over me I smiled at Mikayla. Surprised by his casual boldness, I watched as he stopped in front of us, cock and balls swinging freely. He didn't make eye contact with either of us. Without displaying any bravado he had simply laid down full length in front of us and drifted off to sleep. It took all my self-control to remain silent and let the event unfold on its own.
Mikayla stood up and stretched. She looked down on Jimmy and then turned and looked down on me. She smiled as she applied sunscreen to her chest, arms and legs.
I hadn't seen Mikayla naked since we were little girls. So, when I saw the tiny bulge at the top of her cameltoe, I was dumbfounded. My sister had her clit pierced and kept it a secret from me. I glanced up to her face and our eyes met. She had been watching me make my discovery.
After sharing the all-knowing glance with me, Mikayla shrugged and then nonchalantly stripped off her bikini bottom.
I was at a loss for words, the only thing I could think of to say was, "Fix me too."
"Yes ma'am." Mikayla answered in a whisper.
Mikayla reached down and untied the strings on both sides of my bikini bottom. I lifted my hips slightly. And with a move, not unlike pulling a wet diaper off a toddler, she stripped off my bikini bottom.
Mikayla then sat cross legged on the deck admiring Jimmy's fine body. My boyfriend was tall and fit. His curly sun-bleached chest hair was downy soft and got darker half-way down the happy trail to his pubis and balls. The hair on his legs and arms were so sun bleached that they were almost invisible. I studied my sister's face as she checked out my boyfriend. I could see the lust in her gaze and it turned me on.
Mikayla's first naughty impulse was to trace her fingers through Jimmy's body hair. She had never seen underarm hair that look so soft, curly and inviting. But Jimmy was not hers to stroke. Mikayla shifted her thoughts and gaze to his amazing cock. Even in sleep it's length and girth were impressive.
"Uh-hum. Sis are you lusting after my boyfriend?' I chuckled.
"No way, whatever gave you that idea?" Mikayla whispered back without breaking her gaze.
"Ah, maybe it's your body language, both of your nipples are rock hard and I think I see some drool at the corner of your mouth." I teased.
Mikayla continued, without any shame to eye fuck Jimmy.
"You know that it's wrong for you to obsess over my boyfriend. Don't you?" I said without a modicum of jealousy.
"No." Mikayla answered. "This is our private swimming hole and it's my right, no, it's my duty to admire all naked men who come here. But little Sis, you've been holding back on me. I've always been forthright in telling you about my sexual adventures. And yet you've failed to disclose some basic information about yours."
"What was I supposed to say? Did you really want to know that Jimmy pounds your little sister's cervix every time we fuck? I think not. It would have been like the time Mom tried to explain to us what an orgasm was." I smirked.
"Ewe..." Mikayla gasped, "I remember that we couldn't get out of the house fast enough."
The sun, wind, water and puffy white clouds overhead had a mesmerizing effect that all but made time stop. I glanced at my watch.
"Well, he's been on his back for thirty-minutes and I don't want him to burn. Get suited up or not, I don't care, but I've got to wake him. So, you might want to turn your head. I'm going to call his bluff the old-fashioned way." I warned.
"I'm good, if you are," Mikayla replied and then added with a smile, "Besides I'm curious about your old-fashioned methods."
"Alright, but sis, I'm not looking for a critique." I answered with a firmness that didn't expose the anxiety that I was feeling. After all, I was about to blow my boyfriend with my sister watching. We'd talked about sex with each other but never more than that.
I got up on all fours and crawled over to Jimmy. I placed my index finger just under the crown of his cock on his circumcision scar. I lifted the head of his massive cock and gently licked it until it began to stir. Then I took as much of it into my mouth as I could without choking. Using both my hands and my mouth I fondled his balls and worked his shaft in and out with reckless abandon.
"Oh, yeah baby, that's nice." Jimmy moaned with his eyes closed.
Mikayla silently fondled herself while watching the back of her sister's head bob up and down on Jimmy's fully erect cock. She had to admit that her sister was giving head at an Olympic medal level. Hannah was using a fist below her lips to follow each stroke and pound Jimmy's cock into submission.
Jimmy rolled his head to the side facing Mikayla and opened his eyes. Mikayla placed the index finger of her left hand against her lips in a shushing motion and let Jimmy watch her masturbate. Jimmy buried one hand in Hannah's hair to guide her strokes and made it a silent threesome. Locked on Mikayla's eyes he reached between Hanna's legs and inserted two fingers through Hannah's wet and ready folds. His fingers were mirroring those of Mikayla.
Just a few seconds after Jimmy began finger fucking her sister, Mikayla suddenly pulled her hand from between her legs and snatched up her bikini.
Mikayla, embarrassed by Jimmy's actions, turned her head away and quickly backed off the swim platform into the pond. The chilly water instantly returned her to her senses. She had momentarily forsaken her sisterly status and flirted with Jimmy. But Hannah was right, she had no business obsessing over him. She knew that Jimmy, like most boys his age, would have fucked her in a heartbeat without any regard for her sister. Mikayla hadn't been calling his bluff, she'd been flirting dangerously close to that line that sisters should never cross. Mikayla, suit in hand, swam to shore without looking back.
I could hear my sister swimming away from the platform towards the shore. I shook Jimmy's hand out of my hair. I continued the tug fest on his cock with my right hand and watched Mikayla put on her suit and disappear up the trail towards the farmhouse. I removed my hand from his cock and straddled his chest.
"This was a one-time event." I said as I pinned Jimmy's shoulders to the platform.
"You mean no more skinny dipping?"
"No, I mean you're never going to see my sister naked again. And we'll never speak about it in her presence. Tell me you understand and agree, or we're done here." I threatened him in my most serious tone.
"I agree, secret it is, but you don't have to go Rambo about it." Jimmy replied.
I lifted my hips, shifted backward over his fully engorged cock and with a well-practiced move, impaled myself. I lowered my pussy down his shaft until it slammed into his balls. Like the cowgirl that I am, I rode him until he was panting and spent.
"How, are you doing cowboy?" I quipped as I shifted to a sitting position without releasing his cock.
Jimmy reached up and squeezed my breasts, tweaked both my nipples and said, "Rock it, I'm ready to give you another ride."
"No way." I said as I felt his cock quiver and fill me again.
"Way," He said before mimicking a rodeo announcer, "Outta chute number five, all the way from Waco, Texas is a little Missy who's riding Jimmy 'the stud' Wilson."
Jimmy moved his hands from my breasts to my butt and began bucking me up and down. His piston action was fast and furious. I stopped laughing and clenched my pussy tight around his cock and squeezed with all my might. There was no way that I was going to let him buck me off.
"Eight more seconds til the horn, don't let go, damn you're so tight. Aahhhgg!" He shouted just before shooting another load into my totally soaked pussy.
He made it to the horn with a hip slamming push that shot me up as high as he could lift me off the deck. If I hadn't grabbed his skinny butt with both hands, he would have launched me off the deck into the water.
I collapsed laughing into his arms and gently kissed his lips.
"I'd love to stay and lounge but we've got to go, way too much sun, we'll be burnt to a crisp." I said as I dove into the pond, suit in hand.
The water felt great against my naked body as I swam to shore.
Jimmy caught up with me and ran a hand up my thigh towards my crotch. But before I could chastise him, he withdrew his hand and exclaimed with a shit-eating-grin: "Just joking."
*****
I tiptoed down the hall to Mikayla's bedroom and knocked lightly. I didn't know before today's swim that she had a clit ring and I'd been obsessed with it all evening.
"Come in." Mikayla said in a hushed voice.
It was a little before midnight and the rest of the household was sleeping. Showered, shaved and lotioned, Mikayla had slipped into a loose-fitting silk tap pant and Baylor sleep shirt. It was almost midnight as she sat at her desk surfing a new website.
Mikayla was a year older and an inch shorter than me. But her breasts were two cup sizes larger. Teasing banter about her height from me usually caused her to remark on my much smaller bust size. Tonight, was no different.
"What's up shorty?" I Teased.
"Just surfing a site that Becky sent me." Mikayla replied, then added for the first time, with a snicker, "Little bro."
"Mika," I said indignantly. "I'm not even close to being flat chested."
'Yeah, and I'm not that much shorter." Mikayla countered.
My attention shifted to her laptop. A thirty something woman slowly pulled two fingers from inside the outer lips of her vulva upward, stretching her clitoral hood and fully exposing her clitoris. The woman stopped her two-finger motion at the top of the arc and held the skin stretched tight.
"Are you surfing porn?" I whispered.
"No, it's an educational site for women. Becky sent me a website called OMGYES and a link to the Marie Clare article from July of last year. Women designed the site for women, to enlighten us about our sensuality. But it's not free anymore, it costs fifty bucks. I'll have to surf it on Becky's computer after class sometime. Becky sent me this clip."
"What's to learn? Just tickle your trigger and ride the explosion." I quipped.
"No, it's more than that, I just read the Marie Clare article, where Emma Watson in an interview talks about the site. It sounds cool. Thousands of women share their experiences about the big O."
"Like I said, just tickle it til you glow." I giggled, slightly embarrassed that we were talking about masturbating.
"What do you know about it, little miss I've got a boyfriend with a cock the size of a baseball bat." Mikayla mumbled to her computer screen as she turned it off.
"I heard that. You don't have to be jealous about it. All I know is, when I touch myself it's never as good as with Jimmy. It's a fullness and closeness thing that's missing when I do it myself." I said in a hushed voice.
Mikayla's expression turned sad, like she had something to say that I didn't want to hear.
"What? Did I say something wrong?" I asked softly.
"I'm ashamed of my actions at the swim platform. Jimmy opened his eye's while you were blowing him and caught me with my hand between my legs. And I encouraged him to watch for a second." Mikayla confessed.
"I could tell by his moaning and thrusting that something had turned him on. He's never put his hand on my head like that before. I glanced back towards you but you were already in the water. I told him that he was never going to see you naked again and that he wasn't ever to talk about it or I'd kick his ass. It's no big deal sis, I was showing off. I wanted you to see that I was a big girl too."
Mikayla stood up and wrapped her arms around my shoulders and gave me a big comforting hug.
"When you turned eighteen, I stopped thinking of you as a little girl, but you'll always be my little sister. But all afternoon I was feeling guilty about Jimmy. I love you sis and would never do anything to hurt you." She whispered in my ear.
I wrapped my arms below Mikayla's and placed my fingers in the small of her back. As our bodies came together, my perky nipples brushed hers.
"Nice hug," I stammered, and then added shyly, "I could feel your nipples get hard under your shirt, did my boobs cause that?"
Mikayla laughed almost loud enough to wake the household.
"Sweet Sis, if I inadvertently bumped a cardboard box against my nipples, they'd get hard. In fact, I can't go braless without them getting hard at the most inconvenient times." Mikayla explained.
Embarrassed by my assumption, I whispered shyly, "Jimmy and I saw your clit ring today, you never shared that with me. Why not? Was it painful? What does it feel like when you're walking around?"
"You were only fifteen and the subject matter never came up. And yes, it hurts more than getting your ears pierced." She answered quickly.
"You got it done when you were sixteen? How did you manage that?" I said with genuine astonishment.
Mikayla looked down at her boobs and then back at me. "My boobs looked eighteen and Becky had found a parlor that wasn't picky about age. Some girls in my class got tats, some got laid, a few got piercings that everyone could see or a nipple ring. But Becky and I fooled them all, our friends thought we wimped out. We didn't. Instead, we mustered up the courage to drop our pants in front of a complete stranger and got our clits pierced. The piercing was the easy part."
"How did you keep it a secret. Gossip like that goes through our high school faster than the speed of light?"
"Because I didn't have sex in high school. It wasn't until winter semester last year at the university. Until then, no one except Becky had seen it. I told you about it. Remember?"
"As I recall, you gave me the big sister talk about staying with my own age group and away from upperclassmen. You were angry about a weekend party you'd been at and never mentioned the piercing."
"Ok, it wasn't something that I was thinking about at the time. And remember secret keeper, you never mentioned that God gifted Jimmy with a size ten cervix stretcher. We're not even close to being even on the keeping secrets score." Mikayla snickered.
Changing the subject, I asked, "What does it feel like to walk around with it there all the time?"
Mikayla took a long pause to formulate her answer.
"Remember the feeling you had when you wore that sexy bra and thong panty that you got at Victoria Secret. You hid it from everyone for a month before wearing them under that pretty yellow summer dress. Do you remember the feeling you had knowing that mom and dad didn't know you had bought them or how sexy they made you feel? You were so excited to tell somebody that you pulled me into the hallway and showed me."
"You remember that?" I replied, "Yes, it was the first time I really felt grown up, it's a memory that I'll never forget. And I still love the feel of sexy panties."
"Well, what you didn't know was that I was pantiless under my skirt with a short-weighted chain clipped to my clit ring. Every step that I took rubbed that little chain across my clit and folds. I almost showed you my secret but I was too scared that you'd tell." Mikayla said with a wicked smile.
"Mika, you're a total slut for not telling me. By the way, that whole 'stop pulling my chain' saying that you use, has now taken on a new meaning for me. I'm super obsessed with your piercing and don't leave out any details. Show it to me!" I demanded.
"You were fifteen for God's sake. No sister in her right mind would have given her younger sister that much leverage." Mikayla said in her own defense.
"Now, show me now." I repeated.
I must have caught her off guard with my intensity, because she turned beet red.
"Here and now? You've got to be kidding. You just thought you made my nipples hard, and now you want to play with my pussy?" Mikayla said sarcastically. "I'm not going to be the one you blame for corrupting you. Go play with one of your girlfriends."
"Mika, you're blushing. Your face is fire truck red. Are you embarrassed? I'm not asking to play with your pussy. Duh, I have one of my own, remember. What I want to do is examine your piercing and ask a few questions." I countered, as if I were the older sister.
I sat quietly on the edge of Mikayla's bed while she pondered my request. I knew what she'd decided when she got up from her desk, grabbed her desk chair and drug it over to her nightstand, next to her bed.
"Sit here, and don't speak until I tell you it's OK." She ordered.
"That's my older sister, she's back." I thought to myself as I got up from the end of her bed and sat in the chair.
I watched Mikayla walk over to the bedroom door and lock it. As she walked back, she shimmied down her loose tap pants and stepped out of them without missing a step. The bottom edge of her night shirt was riding about three inches above her piercing. I had to admit that my sister's pussy was captivating. The two-finger gap at the top of the curve of her inner thighs show-cased her piercing as she walked.
"Take off your bottoms." Mikayla instructed.
It was my turn to put up or shut up. I stood up, pushed down my PJ bottoms along with my panties and then sat back down. I boldly sat with my legs apart but not spread. Even though my pussy was front and center, Makayla didn't smile, snicker or reference my obvious embarrassment. She took a moment to size me up before she continued.
"I see that your hood is shaped the same as mine. That's good because the post or ring must go through the skin over the top of your clit. Yours and mine, supply a little more skin so that the metal doesn't have to rest tight against the clitoris. It's something you'll learn to appreciate if you decide to get it done." Mikayla explained.
I was dying to ask questions but my sister's instructions had been clear. I wanted to touch her piercing. I wanted to touch her. OMG, did I just think that, really. Yes, I wanted to run my finger through her folds up to her clit. But most of all I wanted to tug on that fucking ring.
"Hannah?" Mikayla said to get my attention. "What are you thinking?"
"Nothing, I was just listening to you." I lied.
"Bullshit. Tell me right now or class is over." Mikayla demanded.
"Wasn't it obvious? I was staring at how cool your pussy looks, wondering what it would be like to pull on that ring and take a peek at your nub." I partially confessed.
"Now who's blushing." Mikayla answered, and then added. "OK."
"OK I can ask questions or OK I can touch you. I mean touch it." I asked, unable to hide the nervous tremor in my voice.
"OK you can get up close and check me out. Ask me anything that comes to mind." Mikayla said as she laid back on the bed with her feet on the floor, knees spread."
I scooted my chair up between her knees, put my hands on her inner thighs and gently spread her legs wider.
Makayla gasped and then exhaled slowly.
"Mika, are you really OK with this? I know it feels naughty and weird but I'm curious as hell. I've never been up close and personal with another girl's bits."
"You're doing fine. Your hands are soft and gentle, not rough and determined like a boy. And I've been curious about how it would feel to have you touch me since I pulled the suit from between your cheeks at the pond." Mikayla confessed.
"Me too." I whispered back.
I'd never felt more in awe of my sister than I did now. I peeked up at my sister's face but her head was back on the bed and her hands were over her eyes. Her nipples were propping up the fabric of her night shirt. The tingle in my girl parts surprised me. OK, that's a cop out, my pussy was soaked and I squirmed a bit on my chair.
I leaned in between her knees and examined her. I discovered that the clit ring wasn't really a ring. It was a half-circle curved bar with a tiny ball on each end. I took it with my thumb and forefinger and gently pulled it. I giggled when it resisted my tug and I let it go.
"Hannah, I'm not a china doll. I won't tear if you pull on it. It's designed to take the abuse of a rock-hard cock. Don't be shy, pull it. Just be careful around my nub, it's really sensitive." Mikayla coaxed.
I loved everything about my sister's pussy. The tan line that defined her pubis with a clean white clarity; the way her vulva pouted and inner lips formed a small butterfly that seemed to invite my attention; the way the piercing clung beneath a quarter-inch patch of skin also was drawing me in. I don't know why I was so attracted to her; I'd never fantasized about having girl sex.
I mustered up my courage to do it. I completely ignored the taboo warnings that had jolted me when Mikayla stepped out of her tap pants. With renewed conviction, I reached out with my right hand and pulled the ring firmly up and slightly away from Mikayla's body. The skin over her clit pulled up and away from her nub. I was so focused on what I was doing that it seemed natural to use the fingers on my left hand to spread my sister's labia so I could get a better look at her clitoris.
"Oh, yeah. You found it." Mikayla whispered in a low raspy voice as she clamped her knees against my thighs.
With me and the chair between her knees, she couldn't have closed them if she had wanted. I pulled the ring left, right, up, down, further out until it was stretched tight and then back to its resting position. Spreading her labia with my left hand allowed me to feel her quiver and shift. It sent chills from my hand to my core. I pulled the hood up and away as far from her clitoris as it would go. I leaned in close to examine the little pink nub that was glistening in the lamplight and pointing straight at me.
"Wow, it's really cool, this must be what Jimmy sees and feels when he's fingering me." I whispered without looking at her.
"I think not." Mikayla gasped. "If you ran your fingers through my folds, you'll discover I'm soaking wet. Touching that ring means instant meltdown."
Without thinking I did just that. Mikayla's hips bucked up and her knees trapped my head between her thighs. Before I could back away my nose was pushed deep into her pussy. I had cum up my nose, and on my face and lips. I jerked my head back and fell off my chair.
Even though I had been embarrassed to the max, my funny bone had been crushed. I rolled down onto the floor with an infectious case of uncontrollable giggles, they just wouldn't quit. It was all I could do to muffle my laughter and not wake mom and dad. Mikayla started laughing as well, but she wasn't to be out done. She dropped to the floor and sat on me.
"You little slut!" Mikayla exclaimed as she pinned my shoulders to the floor with her knees.
She reached back between my legs and tickled my inner thighs.
"Stop Mika, stop or I'll wet myself." I said hysterically.
Then I felt two fingers slip through my soaking wet inner lips, just enough to lube them and then back out to strum my clit. Racked with laughter, I tried to buck her off me and roll away.
"So, you didn't want to play with my pussy, you said; That you have one of your own, you said; I only want to examine your piercing, you said; Well little sister this is the price you pay for fooling me and my pussy." Mikayla taunted as she turned me into a gooey giggling mess.
I was bucking and squirming as Mikayla brought me to the brink of an orgasm. Catching my breath, I bucked her forward past my boobs but not off. Mikayla's knees slipped over my shoulders to the floor and her fingers were still working to make me cum. I was about to completely loose it.
I opened my eyes and there it was, the fucking little clit ring, the object of my dilemma. It was directly in front of my face. I did the only thing that I could do. I tilted my head forward and took her piercing into my mouth and began sucking and licking like I was trying to win a muff diving contest at a sorority initiation. It was exciting and tasted strangely wonderful. And unlike giving Jimmy head, I didn't have to worry about my gag reflex.
To my amazement, instead of rolling off of me completely disgusted, Mikayla gently lowered her hips pinning my face in her wet folds. There I was with my tongue flicking over her nub to the ring, when she stopped strumming me.
"Whatcha think sis, are you ready for one of these little guys?" she chuckled.
"Uh-Humm," I mumbled into her pussy.
"Oh, my god that feels insane. But I think we've used up our girl-girl pass." Mikayla moaned.
After a clumsy dismount, and an awkward silence. I spoke first.
"Mika, I'm OK, if you're OK." I said sheepishly.
Mikayla reached into my PJ bottoms and grabbed my cotton panties. She turned back to me and wiped the cum off of my sticky face.
"Of course, I'm OK, but you don't have to worry about your big girl image anymore." She chuckled.
"I owe you, you saved me fifty dollars." I said with a grin.
"Fifty dollars. How'd I do that?" Mikayla asked as she slipped her tap pant back on.
"Who needs a website when I have a big sister like you." I said as I gave her another pokey nipple hug.