Wednesday came and I picked Jo up early. I drove us to the county airport south of the heart of the city. Since the plane was just going to make a stop just for us I steered her to the fixed base operator check-in. The plane was set to land just before ten and we'd be in Montreal for lunch.
"Will this be your first time in Canada?"
Jo shook her head and looked over at me. "It will be my first time to Montreal but I've been to Alberta with Scott before. It was nice until we went up north to where they mine." She seemed melancholy. When I picked her up I greeted them at the door, Scott seemed okay, rested but still low on energy. There was a tension in the air and I felt like I was intruding. I took Jo's bags out to the car and left them alone for a few minutes. When she came out Scott stood in the door way and waved to me. I waved back and opened the car door for Jo. She looked back at the house in the side mirror as we pulled away.
Jo looked out the airport windows at the runway as a jet took off.
"He'll be okay." I said. She reached over, took my hand and she nearly crushed my fingers.
She took a deep breath. "I know. He fought me tooth and nail on having the nurse stay with him at night. He said he wasn't at that point yet. I cooked for the last two nights and put up enough food to feed an army for a week and told him if he didn't eat regularly I'd send him to the hospital myself when I got back. I know exactly how many meals there are in the freezer and I'd better find the correct amount of empty containers when I get back. I threatened him if he shared them with Maggie." She let out a weak laugh. "I wouldn't even care if he ate junk. As long as he eats something."
"Is that normal?"
"He's been better with you around. His ego won't let him look as weak as he feels sometimes. Since he got sick he turns inward and doesn't care for himself unless I bitch at him."
"Are you afraid he'll do that without you there?"
"We met with Barbara, the nurse, yesterday. She and I had a little chat and she will make sure he eats. She's been a nurse for years and says she knows how to handle difficult patients." That made her smile.
The representative of the charter service let us know the plane was on time and would be outside the gate area in a few minutes. We gathered our things, as the plane rolled up beyond the windows.
"Our chariot awaits." Jo smiled as we descended the ramp onto the apron. The door opened, a set of steps was lowered and a man stepped out followed by a woman, both in black uniforms. The woman had captains epaulets on her uniform.
"Mr. McNeil? Welcome aboard. I'm Anika Patel, I'll be your captain today." She introduced her co-pilot who was staring in open appreciation at Jo. The first officer took our bags stating he would stow them for us and climbed back aboard. We boarded and got seated. There was one other passenger, a man in a blue uniform with a different logo above the pocket. He nodded and smiled at me and his eyes opened wider at the sight of Jo. She had that effect, more so in the gray pinstripe suit she wore today. The skirt was short not only teasing the business attire policy but making it blush. We took the rear seats on the other side of the aisle and settled in. The pilot came aboard as the co-pilot did a walk around the plane.
The intercom came on. "The trip to Montreal Pierre Trudeau should take about ninety minutes. The weather is clear the entire way and the ground temperature is nineteen Celsius, sixty-six Fahrenheit. If you would please stow any loose items and fasten your seat belts we will get underway in a few minutes." Just then the co-pilot climbed aboard, brought up the steps and pulled the door shut as the engines started again. He secured the door and nodded to the other passenger and us.
"There are drinks in the galley once we're airborne you can help yourselves. The restroom is aft left." He went forward to the cockpit.
The intercom came on again and this time it was the co-pilot. "We are going to taxi to the runway now. We are third in line for take off and should be on our way in a few minutes."
I looked over at Jo who was all belted in, her bag behind her legs. She leaned on her chin and looked at me with a little smile which I returned in kind. She reached across the narrow space and took my hand for a moment giving me a reassuring squeeze. She sat back and crossed her legs and lifted the hem of her skirt ever so slightly showing the tops of stockings and a garter appeared and I felt my heart skip a beat. She was seated facing the rear and I glanced over at the other passenger who was flipping through a binder that looked like a manual of some sort. We taxied to the end of the runway, the engines roared louder and we began to roll forward picking up speed. Jo was staring out the window like a kid and I smiled. We lifted up sharply as the end of the runway approached. We continued to climb and after a few moments began to bank to the right as we circled the airfield. The dark ribbon of the Monongahela River curled into the distance. A few minutes later we leveled out and headed northward towards the border. We were given leave to move about the cabin a few minutes later. I asked Jo if she'd like a cup of coffee and she shook her head. I got one and held up the carafe to the other passenger who nodded.
"Black, please." He thanked me as I handed it to him.
"Are you headed to Montreal to certify on aircraft?"
"No, I'm deadheading to pick up a flight to London tomorrow."
He asked about us and I told him I was an engineer headed to research a plane for a client purchase. He had heard of our company and nodded. I moved back to my seat across from Jo and smiled as she leaned back and gave me a smile in return. I relaxed and looked out the window, in the distant haze Lakes Erie and Ontario could be seen. We would pass over the east end of Lake Ontario as we got closer to our destination.
I was worried about what this trip would bring in the budding relationship between us. I had no idea how much longer Scott had but he looked to be slowing down considerably in the past few weeks. He had told me that he hadn't actually stopped treatment until March and the remission was likely to stick with him for a month or so. True to his prediction the doctors had found signs that the cancer was active again at the beginning of April which was when he'd finally decided he wasn't going to fight it any longer. He said that the constant treatment was leaving him feeling like a zombie and that they he would never stop having to have them until they eventually wouldn't work any longer. I rested my head and looked at Jo who was to my surprise looking directly at me. Her hand rested on her knee and I noticed she didn't have her wedding bands on. I should have noticed it when I picked her up. I wonder if she had removed them after we left the house so as not to let Scott see. I smiled and she reached across again for my hand. I took hers in mine and played with each finger in turn wiggling it back and forth before holding it fully.
The other passenger stood and turned and I let go of Jo's hand as he walked past us. When he returned, Jo smiled at him. I looked down and she'd never adjusted her skirt back into place and was still showing the lace and satin. I shook my head and grinned. I should warn her that pilots are notorious skirt chasers and to be careful who she teases.
The intercom came on and the co-pilot said we would be landing in about fifteen minutes and if we looked out the port side we could see Ottawa in the distance. The announcement came to stow gear and buckle up for the landing. We landed smoothly and taxied to the terminal. We disembarked and entered the building and headed for the immigration kiosk. We finished our entry and we stepped away from the counter.
"Did you rent a car?"
I shook my head and smiled. "Come with me." We went out to the arrivals area and there was a gentleman in a dark suit standing nearby with his hands behind him in classic, former military, at-ease posture. He stood next to a small digital sign with my company's logo on the screen. "Hello André, this is my dear friend Miss Joanna Meadows."
He took her hand and smiled introducing himself to Jo. "Welcome to Montreal Miss Meadows. I've come to bring you to your hotel so you may check in. My associate and I would enjoy your company for dinner this evening if you are available." We agreed and André offered to take Jo's luggage for her and we made our way out to the parking area. André dropped us at our hotel and we made arrangements to meet for dinner. We were shown to our suite which was impressive. I tipped the bellhop and closed the door behind him.
Jo walked over to the large windows and looked out over the airport. She turned and leaned against the window. She fidgeted with her hands and ended up crossing her arms. She didn't look up at me right away.
"Relax. There's no pressure Jo. We'll enjoy some pampering while they try to woo us into buying a new jet, maybe a little photography, some sight-seeing and we go home."
She gave me a strained smile and walked towards me, her arms wrapped around my neck as she melted into me.
"I know, being here with you isn't the problem."
I held on to her and waited.
She eventually let out a long sigh. "I was just thinking about this morning." She began and a tear rolled down her cheek and she took another deep breath and let go of me and crossed her arms. "This morning Scott held out his hand to me and I took it in mine. He reached for my rings." Another tear joined the first. "He didn't say anything at first. He just straightened my finger and wiggled them off." She hugged herself and I pulled her against me and held her for a minute. "I didn't know much better at six years old what it felt like to be abandoned by my mother, but I'll tell you it would have paled in comparison to how I felt this morning." The tears streaked down her face freely and she opened her arms again and hugged me tightly.
"I'm sure he didn't want you to worry about questions, that's all."
She nodded, her chin bouncing off my shoulder. "That's what he said. He would hold onto them for safe keeping. Then he said that you would hold on to me for safe keeping."
"And here I am." I said emitting a soft laugh.
"Why does this feel so fucked up? I feel like I'm being torn apart."
"You're not. There's no competition here Jo, there's no divided loyalties." I kissed her just above the ear. "You know I've wondered how I would handle it if I knew my time was coming up, and other than a few more open discussions I'd probably be doing the same as Scott. He wants to provide for you and he's doing it the best way he can, to his thinking at least. He's long known there has been an attraction between us. I thank my stars that we handled it correctly and he didn't beat me senseless once he realized it. He's acknowledging it and bringing it out maybe because he's afraid we won't, even after he's passed."
She leaned back and looked up at me a small spark of surprise on her face.
"I mean the honest truth is that either one or both of us would think about it, but guilt or fear would likely keep us at arms length. We'd remain good friends, but would either of us move to take that step without feeling incredible guilt over it? Before someone else made a move on you?" I added with a smile. "Maybe he's afraid that we wouldn't take a chance and he's giving us a nudge now while he's here to see that we don't chicken out."
"I never thought about it like that. I felt like he was, I don't know, letting me go."
"In a way he's giving you permission, when it comes time, to do just the opposite and let him go. He sees you and he can't think of you squandering your life mourning him. You're young, healthy, smart and you have so much more ahead of you and he doesn't want you held back shedding tears over him."
She set her chin on my shoulder. "That's a big difference between you two. You're able to articulate it when he just gives me his stubborn look, and the occasional heavy sigh, like a bull dog."
"He's never been one for flowery words. He's a country boy, I'm from the suburbs." I laughed.
She gave me a powerful hug and leaned back with a smile on her face. "Thank you."
"For what?"
"Everything. Being with me, helping me through it all, giving me a shoulder to cry on." A little grin crept across her face as she brushed at my shoulder.
"Any time for you." She kissed me and sat on the end of the bed and leaned back on her hands.
The skirt rode up again and I smiled and reached down pushing it up to reveal the lace. Jo smiled. "Keep going."
I did to find that was the only thing she was wearing underneath. "Just how far were you planning on going?"
"Well when I discovered we weren't going to be alone, only as far as I did. I think that pilot guy would have hit on me if we hadn't boarded together."
"I guarantee it. He would have been trying every trick in the book to get you into his hotel room as fast as he could. He might have even tried for something on board the plane. Can you blame him?"
"He was cute." She grinned.
"I'm crushed." I sniffled.
"Yet here you are with your hand up my skirt." She gave me a little smile but didn't push me away.
"Be glad we weren't sitting next to one another or I would have had you biting your lip to keep from moaning the entire trip."
I stroked my fingers up and her legs parted further.
She let out a little sigh and her eyes popped open and she stopped me. She walked over to the closet and began disrobing and returned in only the lingerie and heels. "I didn't want to mess up my suit, that's my other idea for photographs." She kissed me and took my hand and placed it between her legs again causing me to laugh.
"I was thinking we might get some lunch."
"Your lunch is in your hand." She growled and kissed me again.
"Room serviced?" I teased and pushed her back on the bed. I went to the leather folder on the desk, opened it up and ordered a light lunch then loosened my tie as I watched her peel back the bedspread and slide up further onto the bed, piling the pillows and reclining like a queen on her throne. I went and hung up my jacket and pulled my tie off completely and sat on the edge of the bed.
"What happens with they get here with lunch?"
"I smile sweetly and we want fornothingfor the next five days." She laughed. Her expression changed drastically as my fingers found their way back between her legs.
"Really? No panties on the first day? The poor guy will have a heart attack. If it is a guy." She gasped for air as I massaged her clit with my thumb.
"I'll cross my legs." She did so right then trapping my hand where it was as I wriggled it to see how strong her grip was. She reached up behind her head and grabbed the headboard and arched her back pressing harder into my questing fingers. She wasn't about to let me go until she came and I was doing everything I could to keep her on edge without letting her. There was a stiff knock on the door and a voice called out stating it was room service.
"Promise you'll have me for dessert and I'll let you go." She gasped. I leaned forward and kissed her hard.
"Gladly." My hand was free but I didn't want to stop either. I must have hesitated because there was another knock and I sprang up and called out that I was coming. I looked over at Jo as I opened the door and she had only brought her arms down and was watching me with a little smile. A young guy pushed the cart in and smiled up at me. He got a few feet into the room and his eyes bugged out at the sight of Jo reclining on the bed. He handed me the check which I signed and I handed him a tip. He looked at me then at Jo and I looked at her too. She rolled slightly and gave him a peek of the sandy brown landing strip as she reclined further on the bed. He looked for another minute or so and then turned, surprised to see me still holding the tip out to him.
"Uh, thank you. If you folks needanythinglet me know." He hadn't turned to leave yet and I looked over my shoulder at Jo who had flipped on a thousand watt smile and was daintily waving goodbye to him as she crossed her leg hiding the landing strip but looking no less gorgeous in the process. I stepped towards the door and opened it and he caught the hint thanking me profusely as he left.
Jo turned the smile on me and it warmed even further. "You know all we need to do is pick up the phone and that guy will be at the door in seconds for the rest of the week."
"I don't blame him. I'd be the same way after a show like that." I pulled up chairs and went and got a towel for hers. "I'd hate for you to soak the leather, or hydroplane right off the seat." I kissed her as she sat down and let out a laugh. When we were done she reached up behind her back and unhooked her bra and tossed it in the direction of her suitcase.
"Ready for dessert now?"
I finished the last of my glass of wine and indulged myself.
* * * * *
I stood and took her hand leading her to the bed. I sat on the edge and drew her to me laying a soft kiss on her belly as my hands cupped the soft skin of her ass.
I sensed more than saw her hands go behind her back and I reached up and stilled them.
"Leave it on." I whispered as my lips worked their way down her torso and I nuzzled the black lace of the garter belt as I passed it by. I kissed the top of the little patch of fur and she gasped her hands lacing against the back of my head as she leaned into me.
I leaned back and looked up at her, her eyes were nearly closed, lips parted, breathing quick and shallow.
"You're over dressed." She said, her voice barely above a whisper.
I smiled and stood, she stepped back so as not to get knocked over and I held her tight, she lost her balance and I held her against my chest. Our mouths found each other instantly. I turned and let go of her. She let out a little yelp as she fell back and bounced, her hair fell across her face as she giggled.
Instinct overcame me and I grasped her ankles and parted her legs opening her to me. Her giggles faded into surprise as I knelt on the edge of the bed leaned down and slid my tongue down her lips and back up, parting them as I did. She gasped and wriggled under me, not trying to get away but trying to position herself for maximum contact. Her fingers laced through my hair as she pulled me down, steering my actions as I nuzzled her clit, and slipped my tongue into her. I didn't slow, and pushed for her release without relenting. Her hips tilted and rose as her moans lengthened.
She let out a string of colorful language as her hips bucked up hard against my mouth as she found release.
She lay panting as I worked my way up her torso with soft kisses.
"Did you enjoy your dessert as much as I did?" She gasped, her cheeks flushed.
I licked my lips with a nod and smile and she pulled me down into a deep kiss.
* * * * *
"Damn I'm getting old." I groaned as I sat up on the edge of the bed.
Jo giggled. "I'd say we both did our best to tire each other out. I almost wish you hadn't agreed to dinner tonight."
"Me too, but it pays to press the flesh even though I'm the one with the purchase agreement." We showered quickly and got dressed. Jo had brought a gorgeous cocktail dress in summer colors, and I breathed a little easier as it wasn't short like the skirt she wore on the flight. I wasn't opposed to her showing off how sexy she was but I didn't want her to feel like that's why she was here.
She was putting on an earring in front of the mirror as I shrugged on my jacket. She had an uncanny ability to read my mind.
"How do I look?" She turned back and forth the bottom of the dress swishing back and forth.
"Stunning as always." I smiled as she walked towards me and gave me a kiss and pushed me out of the doorway and walked past me.
"You're biased because we spent the afternoon in bed together."
"I'm being honest and I have incredibly good taste."
We took a taxi into the old part of the city where the restaurant was located. The change in architecture from new to old was charming. We sat at a traffic light and I looked up at a small building, its second floor windows had boxes overflowing with flowers and plants that reached down to the windows of the first floor. Old style iron street lamps stood sentinel on the street corners. Our group had just been seated as we arrived. The gentlemen stood as we were shown to the table. André introduced the other man as Julian Thierry, one of the design engineers who I'd only ever exchanged phone calls and emails with. We introduced our companions, the ladies were decked out in their finest. We had a terrific dinner and talked very little shop. We got into an animated discussion over what sights to see on our weekend. I apologized as I took out my phone and took note of some of them for later since the wine flowed easily and I knew I wouldn't remember them later. One of the many things I loved about Jo was that she was a social chameleon. She could be as at home at a camp in the woods sitting on a stump with a beer as she was in a five star restaurant speaking with a group of suited nerds. After dinner André offered Jo and I a flight in the test plane in the morning.
"We can have someone bring you back to the hotel or wherever you like if you do not wish to stay for the meetings afterward."
Jo agreed saying that she would love that and thanked him for the offer.
"Robert, have you been able to log any flight time since we last spoke?"
"I have not, I am still at only ninety-one hours logged. Work has kept me busy lately."
"Well that is good as well. I was going to suggest you take second seat to get a feel for the plane yourself. We can go over power plant and avionics updates, and the final outfit when you return."
We got back to the hotel late, Jo was exhausted. The toll of an active day. She asked me to unzip her dress and I did so kissing the skin as it was exposed. She hung up the dress and divested herself of her lingerie and leaned into me and we kissed. My hands roamed over her soft, warm skin. I felt a little odd as I realized I was still fully dressed with only my tie loose. She kissed me one more time and pushed gently on my shoulders and went into the bathroom. As she went out of sight I took a deep breath and let it out slowly. Here I was in a hotel room with the very beautiful, and very naked, wife of my best friend. The more we had discussed how things were the less strange they felt but sometimes, like now, the strangeness swept over me. I began to disrobe for bed and hung my suit up, I pulled my tee over my head and spied Jo leaning against the bathroom door jamb watching me.
I stopped and looked at her. It was barely noticeable but she had removed her makeup. Her brows were the soft brown color of a fawn, her eyes less bold, but no less intense as they watched me. The blush that colored her cheeks was all her own, her lips a soft pink pout that I wanted to get mine on as fast as possible. The feeling came over me like a wave and I nearly ripped off the rest of my clothes and snatched her clean off the carpet and threw her on the bed. I closed my eyes and opened them slowly as I once more took a deep breath and let out slowly.
A look of amusement crossed her lips as she stepped away from the door and walked slowly towards me. She didn't stop and leaned into my chest her warm skin pressing into my chest as our mouths met.
"If I could bottle the way you just looked at me I'd make millions." She murmured into my mouth.
My alcohol muddled mind was unable to piece it together. "What do you mean?"
She smiled and licked the corner of my mouth with the tip of her tongue and I took it into mine instantly. Her hands slid down my back and pulled our hips together. "I mean that if I could bottle that amount of respect, longing, and awe, top it with a heaping dollop of lust and drop a cherry of sweetness on it, I could sell it to every woman on the planet to give to their partners."
"It's you. It's all because of you. You can't just bottle that or you'd have a ready market in every guy on the planet." Her face split into a brilliant smile.
"See? There's the cherry on top." She gave me a quick peck and stepped back and grabbed my belt and slipped it through the buckle. "We'd best get you ready for bed. We have an early day tomorrow and I plan on giving you an extra special goodnight kiss." It was my turn to chuckle. She pushed me naked towards the bathroom with a little hum of what I hoped was approval.
I ran the toothbrush back and forth slowly as I looked at myself in the mirror. Five days together and only oral sex. I blinked slowly and hoped to hell I could survive it without a heart attack. I walked back into the room and found it dark but for the one lamp on the nightstand the soft glow of the light painted Jo's body in gold. She was reclining, body turned towards me with her head propped on one hand, the other between her crossed legs. She bit her lip and slid her hand free and hid it behind her hip.
"Jesus." I said softly. "If I'm dreaming don't wake me up." I climbed into bed but sleep was a long ways off.
* * * * *
I jolted awake with a yelp and heard Jo giggling. I looked up to see a bottle of water from the refrigerator in her hand. I looked down and thought she'd poured it on me but she'd only held it to my lower stomach.
"Drain this." She gave my cock a little stroke. "Drink this." She handed me the bottle. "Then get your shorts on I want to hit the gym." I fell back my head hitting the pillow. I licked my lips which were dry and tasted faintly musky and salty. I smiled as I remembered pulling her too me last night and having her entire body for dessert again.
"C'mon!" She said snapping me from my reverie. "I see you reminiscing over there."
"Huh?" I lifted my head to look at her and she stood there in pale orange shorts tied at the front and a hot pink sports bra. Her eyes grazed down my body to look intently at my cock. I looked down and saw that it was trying to recover like a boxer knocked flat, coming back slow. She took quick steps and snatched the cold bottle off the nightstand and applied it to the subject of her gaze and I yelped again grabbing for her hands
"I'm up, I'm up!"
"I know, that's the problem. Now get out of bed, we have to be over at the office by nine."
"Didn't we work out enough last night?" I said with a grin as I sat up and leaned forward my forehead against her stomach. She ruffled my hair.
"That's not the kind of cardio doctors recommend."
"Then I'm going to find a new doctor."
I came out of the bathroom and rooted around in my bag for my shorts and pulled them on. I watched Jo pull on her sneakers and lace them up. "You know you walk into that gym like that and there's going to be an audible sound, like a sonic boom, as every guy gets an instant erection."
She grinned and tied the other shoe. "Won't they all be jealous of you then." She said as she stood and puffed out her chest.
"How do you survive the gym at home?"
"It's at the far end of the house, remember?" I remembered then that there was a home gym over near their garage. "I don't bother getting all decked out at home." She waved her her hand over her outfit.
"You workout naked?" I said as I began pulling on my shoes.
She just gave me a wicked look. "Sometimes."
"I'm glad you decided not to get us thrown out of the hotel today."
We rode the elevator down with a man in a suit who did everything but pop his eyeballs out to get a glimpse of Jo without openly staring. She gave him a treat and began to stretch a little bending forward at the waist and grabbing her knees for a moment, then turned her torso back and forth showing off a lovely bit of cheek wrapped in fuzzy orange shorts one way, then her chest held in by her skintight pink top the other. He got off in the lobby and we went down to the level where the pool and gym were.
"Tease."
She just giggled as we got off the elevator and looked for signs directing us to the gym. We entered and she grabbed us towels, tossing one at my chest. I headed for the treadmills and she walked to an open area in front of a bank of mirrors and began stretching. I watched as every guy in the room turned to stare at her, the guy near me on one of the treadmills saw us come in together and looked ahead with a sheepish expression. I set the pace and began to walk and kept an eye on her. Several guys were doing the same and she acted oblivious though I know she could see them in the mirror. She walked over to one of the weight machines and gave it a quick once over and set the weights and took position and began her own workout. I watched the cords in her arms flex and relax repeatedly and realized that was how she had such a solid grip and it made me smile.
She went through several iterations of weights before sitting down on a recumbent stationary bike. She fiddled with the controls before she leaned back and began pedaling. Her legs were supple and strong, the muscle showing in the soft curves. Those legs looked dynamite in heels and now I could see why. She pedaled a little harder as the tension must have gone up to simulate an incline. Her hands gripped the bars beside her seat. A soft sheen of perspiration glowed on her skin and I was breathing hard, and not necessarily from my own workout. One guy was lingering, I hadn't seen him come in but he wasn't there when we arrived. He walked past Jo, smiled and nodded. She just looked up, nodded and kept pedaling. We had been there for about thirty minutes and she slowed down and pedaled more gently. She stretched and let out a big sigh and the guy was back like a magnet. She smiled stiffly at what ever he was saying then just shook her head and nodded towards me. His head spun and he looked at me in abject fear as I stepped off the treadmill. He backed away murmuring something to Jo. I'd never thought of myself as a daunting figure but at six foot three, with regular workouts, I must have seemed that way to him.
"Hey love, are you going to do any weights before I take you upstairs and lather you up in the shower?" She asked making sure that the others nearby heard her.
I looked up at the clock and replied. "Not today. We have that meeting at nine and I want to take my time in the shower." I said with a grin as she tapped the machine off and reached for the towel. She patted her chest dry and threw the suitor a wink as she slipped her arm in mine and we walked out of the gym.
"You're rotten." I said with a little laugh as we waited for the elevator.
"Every dude in there is now picturing me in the shower covered in soap and wishing they were you." She gave me a kiss as the doors opened with a ping. It was empty and she grabbed me by the shorts and pulled me in wrapping her arms around my neck and diving tongue first into my mouth. She murmured something about giving me head in the elevator and I didn't let her move after that, afraid that she wasn't kidding.
We peeled off in the room, jumped into the shower and I pinned her to the wall, soapy fingers buried between her legs as she moaned into my mouth. Her orgasm rolled over her like a wave. She recovered quickly and washed me down before giving her hair a quick wash and rinse. She pushed me out of the door with a towel a few minutes later and I heard the hair dryer come on.
We sat in the atrium café a little while later. Jo sipped her coffee and smiled. "All the time I've known you, I never pictured you in a pilot's uniform."
I smiled. "Flying is like sex," I started softly, "sure it's fun to watch, but it's a lot more fun to do yourself." The analogy made her grin. We finished our quick breakfast which she claimed she didn't need. I made her eat because we might likely have a little fun in the air and she shouldn't have an empty stomach. She looked at me wide-eyed when I said that and she made a wisecrack about already having joined the mile high club. Then I realized she meant Scott and felt suddenly jealous of him.
"Sometimes we do a few maneuvers that the planes wouldn't normally perform to see how they handle."
"I certainly hope my insurance is paid up." She cracked.
I laughed and finished my coffee before we made our way to the office. We stopped at a security gate and our ID's were checked. We were directed to the front atrium and we would be met there. I pinned my guest badge on and watched Jo fumble with hers looking for somewhere to place it since her coat had no breast pocket. We entered the lobby of the building a few minutes later where a large model of one of the companies jets was on display angled as if in flight. As we stepped over to the reception desk one of the elevators opened and André stepped out. I nodded to the person at the desk and took a step towards André.
"S'il vous plaît vérifier à nos invités Monsieur McNiel et Madamoiselle Meadows de Boyd Aviation." He said to the person at the counter.
"Oui Monsieur Bergeron, merci."
"Excuse me. We just need to check you in as you enter the building for security purposes." He turned towards the elevator and held out a hand indicating we should head up to his office. "Always the gentleman." I thought as I chuckled inwardly realizing he was putting on airs for Jo. Normally we would just walk shoulder to shoulder and talk about sports or flying. Jo walked a step ahead and I smiled. She was dressed in slacks and a blazer and was no less striking for for her business casual attire. We entered André's office and divested ourselves of our coats.
"Miss Meadows, allow me to present you with a memento of your visit. I hope I got the size correct." He took a hanger off the coat tree which held a bomber jacket with the company logo, a forward view of a jet and crossed Canadian and Quebecois flags beneath. In a bag around the neck of the hanger was a company cap as well. "I had to ask my wife to be sure." He added under his breath.
Jo was surprised and thanked him. She even tried it on with his help as I hung up my jacket.
"Who knows, maybe we'll add a stripe to those soon." I said thumbing the epaulet. She looked at me confused. "A trainee stripe." Her mouth just dropped open. He offered us a seat and coffee as we went over the basics of what Scott's company was looking for, this was just an informal chat over coffee and Jo didn't go glassy eyed from occasional technical chatter. André expressed his happiness in doing business with me again after nearly a year. I told him that it was as much my pleasure as his and I loved the opportunity to tour the facilities while I was here the last time. We chatted about what to expect on the mornings flight. He informed Jo that the test plane did have comfortable seats but was not fully outfitted so it would seem spartan compared to the finished product.
"She's going to decide the finish so it's just as well she gets a look at it naked first." I said. Jo gave me another wide-eyed look.
"What?"
"If we sign on the dotted line, I figured you'd give me a hand with choosing the finish. I don't know if they'll be able to match the first plane which I have the specs on so we'll need to decide on leather, wood, carpet, the whole shooting match."
She shot me a smile. "Okay, I can definitely help with the decorating." Her smile faded into a stoic look. "That is if we do actually buy it." Her face had gone blank as she turned back to André and I nearly bust out laughing.
The phone beeped and he excused himself before he answered it. He thanked the caller and hung up. "The plane is fueled and ready when we are." He escorted us out of the building to a parking lot and held the door for Jo to get in front with him. I hopped in behind her and he drove us over to the hangars across the industrial park. He pulled up to the building and parked by the office door. We went in where he gave Jo a quick run down on hangar safety and gave us hearing protection earmuffs telling her once aboard the plane they wouldn't be necessary but it's always best on the apron when there are sometimes several jets with their engines running. Jo looked sharp in the new coat and hat which she'd donned before we came out to the hangar. Wisely she'd pulled her hair back into a ponytail after our shower this morning. I thought it was because of the mess I'd made of it trying to wash it but practicality won out. A pilot came into the office a few minutes later and popped out a smaller pair of ear protectors which just hung loose around his neck.
"This is Captain Kenneth Rossi. He'll be piloting the aircraft today. You'll take second?" André asked. Captain Rossi and I shook hands and he gave Jo a long look as he shook hers as well.
"Let's take a look at your aircraft. I'll show you some of the new gear." We donned our hearing protection and walked out to the apron through the hangar. The hood was up to show off the new avionics in this series. I asked a few questions, already having been over the specifications on paper. A technician came out of the hangar and began buttoning up the open compartments and Captain Rossi climbed aboard and squatted down in the corner of the bulkhead allowing us aboard. I stood in the galley doorway and Jo stood looking at the cabin.
"The cabin is a bit spartan since it's a test plane, normally the plane when fully equipped is about five hundred kilograms heavier than it is now but I assure you it won't handle any differently until you get to the maximum payload and fuel. It feels heavier but is still very responsive. If you turn and take first seat, and you can climb into the co-pilots seat," he said to Jo, "I can give you a little run down on the changes" Jo looked excited to be included in the demonstration and grinned like a kid at a carnival.
He gave us a run down of the features and he updated me on changes from the prior version of the aircraft. Eventually Jo had to give up her seat and she pouted. We laughed as she went back to the cabin and took a seat. Ken and I began the pre-flight checks and we walked around the aircraft with the checklist. Soon we were back in the cockpit, Ken handed Jo a case with binoculars to use saying there might be some sights to see as we'd be flying northeast along the river for a bit. We walked through the start up procedures, more checks, and soon we were taxiing towards the runways. I was always a little giddy when I got a chance to fly which hadn't been much this year, but enough to keep my stripes as a flight engineer and third officer. We took off, climbed quickly and turned towards the northeast leveling out and cruising along north of the river. Once we cleared the air space of Montreal we went over the changes and I took the controls for a while as Ken chatted. He stopped and flipped on the cabin speaker.
"You may want to hold on tight Bob is flying." I heard a panicked yell from the cabin and he laughed.
"Thanks for the vote of confidence."
"If I were in the least bit scared I'd be in the hangar waiting for you to come back, probably praying." She yelled back. I spoke with air traffic control and we turned back to the southwest towards Montreal banking smoothly in the crisp clear air. We touched down where we started a few hours later.
I came into the cabin to find Jo making a scared face gripping the arms of her seat.
"You survived!" I said, and gave her a dirty look.
"That's a lousy motto for an airline by the way." She said and handed Ken back the binoculars with thanks. I sat in the seat across from her and Ken opened the door and stepped out.
"So what do you think?"
Jo looked surprised at my question. "You're asking me? You're the one who took it for a test drive."
"I'm sold, I like the upgrades and if Scott were looking to go bigger I'd love to get my hands on the six hundred series."
"Boys and their toys." She grinned rolling her eyes upward.
The afternoon was likely to entail a lot of engineering and accounting and after a nice lunch in the executive lounge Jo was chauffeured back to the hotel with thanks to André for both the gifts and the experience. I think the chance to sit in the cockpit may have sparked an interest and I hoped to explore that with her.
After an afternoon of crunching numbers and gathering data I was sure that this was going to be the aircraft for Scott's company and it was starting to look like I could come in under budget. I got a ride back to the hotel and went up to our room. When I pushed the door open I heard Jo talking and peeked around the edge for her. She waved me in.
"Bobby just got here. Want to talk to him?" She asked who ever she was speaking with on her laptop at the desk. I set my coat on the hanger and laid my folio on the desk and walked around behind her to see Scott on the screen. Jo adjusted the screen so I was in the camera frame.
"Hi Scott. How are you feeling?"
"I'm doing well enough. I'm not of a mind to enter any road races though." He looked tired and pale which was becoming the norm. "How's my jet coming along?" I brought him up to speed and told him I was going to take the offer the next day.
"I'm giving Jo the job of decorating it though."
"I told her to make it as ugly as possible. She told me that they didn't have bright pink for the leather seats, which is a damn shame."
"No they're going to be some neutral color, just to be difficult." I said. "I'll go downstairs and let you two talk."
They both stopped me, Jo reaching out a hand to grab mine.
"No don't go, we've been talking for a while now. I should let you go, I'm sure you want to get ready for dinner on the town." Scott said.
"I don't know. Fly boy over here is looking a little wiped out. It might be downstairs or room service for him tonight." Jo said looking up at me with a little smile.
"Well he's in the best hands he could ever hope for." Scott said. "You two have a good night. Get some rest."
"You too Scott." I said and bowed out of the image as they finished their conversation.
Inwardly I was glad Jo had recognized how tired I was. Normally I was keyed up after flying but the work of the afternoon did me in. I felt cross eyed from going over schematics and spreadsheets and wanted nothing more than a beer and some TV.
"I will." She growled low at the computer before turning sweet and loving towards Scott before signing off. She walked around the desk wearing a pair of yoga pants and a loose button down that I realized was mine, that caused me to smile. She walked up to me and didn't stop until she was fully against me and kissed me.
"You will what? Am I allowed to ask?" I said with a little smile.
She sighed and leaned into me, her head on my shoulder. "We talked, a lot, and he wanted me to reconsider the whole postponing sex idea." She sighed again and I wrapped my arms around her and held her tight.
"Jo, if and when you are ready, not a moment sooner. You don't need to bend to his pressure, which seems a little odd to me. Do you know what his big rush is?"
She laughed. "No, but the son of a bitch snuck a box of condoms into my luggage!" Her arms circled my neck and she relaxed into my body and I just held her for a few minutes.
"Is this what you want Jo?" I whispered into her ear. "Or are you going along with it to make him happy?" She didn't respond and I felt the dampness through my shirt.
"Can you picture the future? Can you picture it with me... after?" I asked. She stiffened slightly and leaned back to look at me. Tears streaked down her face. The nod was barely noticeable. "But she did nod." I thought to myself.
"Maybe a little too easily... remember, I told you." Her throat bobbed as she swallowed and leaned back into me, her body relaxed again. "I just." She stopped and I could feel the frustration coursing through her as she tensed up again. I ran my hands up her back rubbing gently hoping to work the tension out of her.
"What?"
"I mean." She sucked in a sharp breath. "Is that what you're in it for?"
I leaned back and tried to push her away so I could see her face and she just tightened her grip."Don't you let go of me Bobby. Just tell me the truth." She sniffled.
"The truth? The truth is that none of that mattered. I fell in love with you a long time ago, and I'm just now able to admit it, out loud." I felt her body spasm as she sobbed into my shoulder. I let my hand slide down to her ass and I cupped it gently. "It was never, ever, about this. If, when you ever decide to cross that threshold with me I will cherish that moment forever." Her body trembled in my arms.
"Bobby, you know why I never thought any woman you dated was worthy of you? It's because I thought the only one worthy of you was me, and I feel like such a cheating whore just now for saying that out loud." She was crying in earnest now and I just rubbed her back and let her exhaust herself on my shoulder.
"You're not though. We've never expressed these feelings before Scott stoked the fire and I honestly do believe he knows what he's doing pushing us together like this. He wants you to be happy, safe and secure, and he's hoping that I can make you feel that way."
She took several deep breaths. "Listen to me piss and moan. You're beat and probably hungry. Do you want to go downstairs or..." I stopped her with a kiss. She leaned into it with pent up emotion returning it with an intensity that surprised me.
"Room service it is." She turned towards the desk where the folder laid and propped it open. "What would you like?" She looked up at me and grin spread across my face. "That's dessert, what did you want for dinner."
She ordered me into the shower after she hung up the phone and jumped in behind me to wash my back. The knock on the door came just as we began toweling off. I wondered if it would be the same guy as the previous day and wasn't surprised when I donned a robe and answered the door to find him standing there again. He wheeled the cart in and looked around hoping to see a little more of Jo. I signed the slip and held up a finger as I went to my wallet on the dresser. I turned to see him watching Jo in the bathroom doorway as she dried her hair with nary a stitch on. It was a long moment before I began walking back towards him and handed him a tip. I thought he'd have gladly given it back to stay for a few more minutes. Jo crossed to the cart and lifted the lid off one of the plates, snagged a cherry tomato and popped into her mouth. She still hadn't done anything to cover up and turned and walked towards the dresser. He made no move to go and I cleared my throat to get his attention. He turned bright pink and thanked me and turned and left.
She sat down to dinner across from me, completely nude, and smiled.
"Why do you do it?" I said with a laugh.
She shrugged but didn't seem offended by the question. "He's got a shitty job where he has to bow and scrape for tips and I'd like to think I'm the highlight of his day. I like the way it makes me feel, wanted, desired, lusted after." She took another bite of her dinner. "The looks that you give me are pure fire."
"Me?"
"Oh Bobby, the night of that party, I could have forged steel with some of the looks you gave me. The amount I'd had to drink, you could have probably hauled me upstairs and had your way with me and I wouldn't have held a thing back."
"Was I that obvious?"
Her eyes rolled heavenward as she thought. "It wasn't obvious that you wanted into my panties. You were definitely guard dogging me though, the protective aura was just pouring out of you." She shrugged and rubbed her arms as goosebumps raced up her body. "Those feelings... warmth, love safety, it's crave-worthy when you've lived your life with no foundation. A family is a powerful thing and when you don't have that, you feel a little bit adrift. You cling to what ever pier you can as you weather the storms that blow your way."
I nodded and thought about my family. I knew I was only a phone call away from a sympathetic ear or gentle cuff to the head, if I was being foolish. The thought of Jo and Scott wanting to start a family slipped into that thought and I realized that was something I was craving, when I'd popped the question to my girlfriend, what felt like forever ago.
"Do you like kids Bobby?" The question was innocent but had depths like a dark pool. She must have known I'd see through it because a little smile crept across her face.
I nodded. "I was just thinking that I was ready to join the white picket fence crowd a decade ago, when I'd proposed to my girlfriend."
"And now?"
"Once I'd gotten over her leaving I was much more careful with who I got to know, who I confided in, nobody passed muster, until now."
"Just now?"
I let out a sigh and smiled. "Not just now, no. Here I sit on the verge of becoming Lancelot."
The grin she gave me was brilliant in the failing light. "If I'm Guinevere then which is it that you see me as, a villainous traitor, or flawed yet noble lady?"
"The latter, definitely. If this had gone any other way though..." I shrugged. Jo chuckled at that.
"It's hard not to feel the traitor, even when Arthur himself is doing the match-making." She pursed her lips and gave a little shake to her head.
"I wonder if there's a game on?" I said trying to bring her out of her funk.
"Now I'm second banana to a bunch of jocks? You really know how to sweep a girl back onto her feet."
I smiled. "You could explain the idea you have for a photo shoot and we could see how that goes."
She opted to explain the idea of her sexy business woman shoot, the pin stripe suit, stockings and heels at the desk. The desk was a simple table and stood by the window. I looked up at the layout of the room and saw how she might look seated in the chair, legs apart, skirt hiked up and started to enjoy the idea.
"I would have loved to get some on the plane in that outfit, jet-setting business babe. I wish you had a tripod with you. I'd love for you to get into your uniform and I could be looking over your shoulder into the camera." She grinned.
She then went into an idea of a scenario where she went from a hot outfit to a fluffy robe, cozy night in bed idea, maybe a book in hand and a hand inside her robe. She stated that she had a little black dress with her she didn't want to scandalize my contacts with but was more than ready to wear to dinner should we plan to go out another night. She looked at me then leaned forward and peeked over the edge of the table to find that I had risen to all of her ideas, my erection having pushed aside the robe in the process.
"That's the vote of confidence I was hoping for." She smiled and reached over and gave it a little pat.
"I can get a cheap tripod here." I said surprising myself with the thought of having my back in the frame with her wrapped around me. She smiled broadly at that and took a sip of her wine.
"You look tired."
I chuckled. Jo rolled her eyes and joined in. "I was being sincere."
"I am."
She stood and held her hand out to me and dragged me up out of my chair and pulled me towards the bed.
"Aw mom, it's not even nine o'clock yet." I teased. She fluffed up the pillows, pushed me onto the bed and pulled the covers over my lap. She went over and grabbed the remote for the TV and handed that to me.
"Here find a game or something." She kissed me. "I'm going to order some dessert."
I hummed in appreciation as I looked her up and down in the dim light. She still hadn't put a stitch of clothing on.
"If you can stay awake you can have that too, but I'm getting something off the menu. Want anything?"
I nodded. "You decide. I'm fried." I made a swirling motion at my temple and clicked the TV on.
She put the cart from dinner back together and picked up the folder and placed the call. I heard her try to pronounce something in French, she let out a giggle and tried again when it sounded as if they had corrected her and she agreed that was what she wanted.
"Going to answer the door stark naked?" I said teasing.
"Maybe?" She grinned and grabbed the button down shirt I'd tossed across my suitcase and pulled it on and began rolling the sleeves. I grinned at her challenging expression noting she hadn't bothered to button it.
"You're going to give that kid a heart attack."
"I just hope he washes his hands after he jerks off." She picked up our cast aside clothing from earlier and began to put together a little pile for the laundry service. There was a knock on the door and Jo looked up and smiled. "Play along." She grabbed a bill out of her purse and tucked it into the shirt pocket and went to the door. She held the shirt together until she saw it was our friend once again and she let it go and it parted. I was sure by the expression on his face.
She waved him to where he could set the tray down. "Hi, Matt." She said after leaning in to read his name in the dim light. "You said to ask you if we need anything." She reached up and rubbed the back of her neck and I could see the shirt open wider out of the corner of my eye. I turned the TV down a tick but pretended to not pay attention to them. "Being near the airport I imagine you guys do a lot of media related stuff, news people and such. Is there like a lost and found closet somewhere that might have a camera tripod kicking around in it?" His expression turned comically towards deep thought when I knew the only thing he was thinking about was Jo's naked body.
"Um..."
"You see, I'm a model." She waited for a reaction and got it. "Yes, this kind." She flipped open the shirt and put her hand on her hip in a provocative pose. "I hope you can keep a secret but we're going to do some shots of me here over the weekend. Don't blow the whistle on us." She winked.
"We have a place for that sort of stuff, projectors, screens and things for conferences I can check with my friend that works there and see. When do you need it?"
"Well for Saturday the latest, but tomorrow afternoon would be even better."
"I'll be back in tomorrow at two, I'll text him tonight to see if he knows if he has something that will work and I can bring it up tomorrow."
While he was responding Jo had backed up against the wall next to the bathroom door with her hands behind her back. The shirt was only covering her arms at this point and I was impressed he wasn't stuttering because I would have been in his place.
"Do you have a girlfriend, wife, both?" Her grin was impish as she asked and I could see his color shift.
"I uh..."
"I was going to send you one of the photo books I'm having printed since you're being so helpful. Would you mind?"
He shook his head so hard I could hear it. "Give me your mailing address. You'll have to be patient it's going to be printed in a couple weeks then shipped after that so it may show up out of the blue in a month or so. Okay?" She walked over to her purse and pulled out a little note pad and pen and his head swung around to where he could see me again and I nodded and he froze like he was caught, hand in the cookie jar.
"If your friend has any reflectors that would be a huge help too. I didn't realize it would be so bright in here during the day and I don't want her to be a dark spot against the windows."
He just nodded as she handed him the notebook. "Write down the best address to receive porn by mail. You are over eighteen, right? I should have asked before now." She covered her grin with her hand.
"Twenty-two." He said with a little laugh as he wrote his info down.
"Is there a good place to buy lingerie here?"
He looked puzzled for a few minutes and shrugged. "I only know of the chain at the mall."
"Well. I'll have to look into it tomorrow." She took the pad back and read the info and flipped the page to a blank sheet and began writing something down for him. "What's your favorite color?"
"Purple." He said after thinking for a moment. She tore off the sheet and turned it to him.
"We aren't headed home until Monday so I won't be online until probably Wednesday morning. If you're not still asleep you can find me on that website, look for my user name." She pointed with the pen and returned her notebook to her purse. "One last question." She peeled the shirt off and stood completely nude and turned her back to him. "Do you think briefs, bikini, thong or one of those cheeky numbers would look best." She drew a little pair of lines with her fingertips where the hem would be.
I looked at him and he was near drooling like Pavlov's dog after the bell sounded. I looked down and there was an obvious tent in his work slacks.
"Um cheeky, I guess?"
She walked back to her suitcase and pawed through it and walked back towards him and held a pair of panties across her hips. "Lace, or satin?" She showed both for a moment each, neither pair were purple and I thought he was going to have a coronary any minute.
"Lace?" He didn't sound sure.
"To be honest that's the first time I've seen you with underwear, I was beginning to think you didn't own any."
I couldn't help but laugh, Jo did too.
"Keep it up it could be the last time you see it, or anything else." She gave him a shrewd look and he held his hands up in surrender.
"Don't go around wearing clothes on my account." He was getting bold and I though it might be time to cool him off.
"I take it this means we're shopping after work tomorrow? For something in purple lace?"
"Yup, I already have a place I want to go too." She smiled at me and turned to Matt tossing the panties over her shoulder in the direction of her suitcase. She was face to face with him. "Thank you for bringing up dessert." She slipped her fingers into the pocket of his slacks. I hadn't seen her palm the bill when she took the shirt off. "Thank you for the help with the other things too." She rolled up onto her toes and gave him a kiss on the cheek. He turned almost purple himself. "Hope we hear from you tomorrow about the tripod."
She turned and went to the tray and lifted the lid.
"The maple drizzle was warm, I hope it still is." He said not taking the cue it was time to go. Jo dipped her finger into it and sucked it off and looked him up and down.
"You'd better go. I'm already getting too curious for my own good."
"You have a good evening folks." He said as he backed towards the door.
Once he was gone Jo began to giggle. She turned to me and handed me a slice of apple pie. "Want some of this maple drizzle it's divine."
"What I want is to throw you down and drive my tongue into you."
"I think the pie can wait a little longer." She said with a grin.
"Bring the maple drizzle though." I laughed. She set it on the nightstand and straddled my lap, our tongues crashed as the tense excitement from her little display released almost violently. She practically dry humped me as my hands roamed over her entire body, gripping her ass and pulling her hard against my cock through the robe.
"I have never gone that far teasing someone before in my life." She mouthed around my tongue.
"Why now?"
"Oh my god, the rush of teasing both of you, getting both of you rock hard." She reached between us to find the proof. "I'm not going to lie Bobby, I want it, and I want it now, hard and fast."
I slipped my fingers beneath her and she was very ready. "You might be ready here, but I'm still not sure about here." I kissed her chest just above her left breast. "We're both worked up to a froth and like a horse it's best to cool it off well before putting it away."
She leaned forward and whispered in my ear. "I want you to ride this mare like it was the run for the roses, and don't stop pushing until well past the finish line. I'd like to be breathless in the winner's circle with you."
I rolled her gently onto her back and began working my mouth down her body and she whined. "No!" She grasped my by the face and dragged me over her body. "I need you, not just release, I need you." She wrapped her arms around my neck and dragged me down, hugging me tight to her body. "Please!" She pleaded. "Fingers, your tongue, no matter how talented, isn't going to put this fire out."
"Jo, hush." I whispered into her ear. "I love you, never ever doubt that, but I don't want you to want me just because you worked yourself into a frenzy."
She lifted me by my shoulders and looked into my face. "Is that what you think? I only want you because I'm horny? I mean I am, I am on fucking fire right now but that's not the only reason. Bobby I love you. I don't remember when I admitted it to myself but I assure you it wasn't as recent as you might think." She reached between my legs and took me firmly in her hand. "If this was all I wanted, I could have had it from that horny guy that was just ogling me naked for a good twenty minutes. Trust me he was packing one and it was primed and ready to fire just like this one." She let go of my cock and ran her hand up my chest. "This is what I want, I just want it delivered by this right now." She looked down between us and took hold of my erection again.
I rolled off her and fell back onto the bed. My cock pointed skyward, the robe was a disheveled mess around me.
"What's wrong?" Her voice was soft and warm as she snuggled up to my side. Her hand reached out and she stopped and rested it on my stomach.
"I'm just scared that you're going to scream yes in my ear now and cry later. I don't want you to regret it Jo. I don't want you to feel bad about enjoying yourself, enjoying me." I turned to face her, the dim light barely outlining her face in the shadows.
"What's your middle name Bobby?"
I snorted. "Why?"
"What is it?" I could hear the smile in her voice without looking at her.
"Alan."
"R-A-M." She snickered. "Robert Alan McNeil, will you marry me?" She leaned down and kissed my shoulder.
"What?!" I said it loud enough that I was worried I'd wake up the people in the next room.
I turned to face her and she was smiling broadly. "Will, you, marry, me?" She underscored each word.
"That is NOT why I'm not having sex with you right now!" I was completely flabbergasted and didn't know what prompted her to propose.
"Besides the fact that you're trying not to, I know. I'm not proposing just to get some dick either. Truth is it's right here." She took me in hand and stroked it making it throb almost painfully. "If I were to roll onto it, you wouldn't be a total cad and throw me off would you." It was stated as a plain fact at that point. She sighed and let go of me, her hand slid back up to my chest. She propped herself up on her elbow and looked down at my face.
"Scott wasn't kidding, we had been talking for hours when you got here. A lot of things were brought out into the open. He made me face up to the fact that I won't only be devastated by his loss, but by suddenly being alone. I love Maggie to pieces but she just isn't that kind of companion, you know? You would be there for a time, but eventually things would go back to normal if this hadn't been brought about by him." She let out a soft chuckle. "I know you're going to be there for me, no matter what happens. I am saying it openly to you, to myself. I am in love with you Bobby, and I think that you feel the same about me. You might be scared to admit it out loud. You might feel ashamed that you feel that way about your best friends wife, but I'm telling you that you shouldn't. We've all had a lot of emotional baggage kicked open recently and we all need to come to terms with it, sort it out and put it aside."
I listened to the sound of my pulse pounding in my ears, the feel of her breath, soft on my face.
"When I asked you earlier if you could picture a future with me it wasn't a rhetorical question." She let out a deep sigh. "In a few months I'll be wearing black and crying my eyes out and you'll be holding me up, dressed in your best dark suit. People will be silently sympathizing with me and wondering where you get off jumping claim over the fabulously beautiful, and suddenly rich Wid'er Meadows." She said the last with a deep drawl and made me laugh. "The truth is that I'm ready to deal with the gossip mongers and nasty comments because I'm scared that on that day, when I go home that Iwill beall alone."
"But you won't..." Her finger pinned my lips closed.
"I know you will be there to hold me as I open the twelfth box of tissues and wail endlessly at the loss of the first man I ever felt loved me for who I was and not what I looked like."
I felt the tear hit my shoulder as her voice got thick with emotion. "My truth is that I don't just want you, I need you, and I'm scared that you might not want or need me when the time comes. I can be strong, when I know I've got someone to lean on." She sobbed. "The truth is that if there's no foundation then I'm not going to be able to stand on my own, no matter how much money there is in the bank. This is what I need to be truly rich." She put her hand over my heart. "Promise this to me now before either of us chicken out."
"Can you promise me your heart when Scott still holds it?"
She looked at me a moment and nodded. "I think that's what we've been trying to figure out." She paused for a moment, her brow drew together as if she were about to explain something difficult that even she may not understand fully. "You never run out of love Bobby. You can give it and give it and give it, and there's always more to give. He's trying to make sure you're there to take it for him and treasure it like he did, he does. We talked about it and he apologized for ever getting this mess started. I apologized to him for trying to run my life even after he's passed away, but he's right, if left on my own I will probably, emotionally at least, crash and burn. On both of our behalf I want to apologize to you, for this all happening the way it has. I hope you can find it in your heart to let this weirdness pass and look forward, and I hope you see me there." I felt another drop hit my shoulder. "But I will understand if you can't and if you don't."
I rolled her onto her back and kissed her. "Yes." I kissed her again. "I'm only slightly emasculated by the fact that you asked me first." I said with a little laugh and she chuckled as our lips met again. "I only ask one thing. This... this, it has to be between us. We can talk about anything and everything but there needs to be something that's just between us Jo. We need to start building what will become us. If he asks for a rundown of everything that happened I can't stop you from talking to him about it, but we need to start our own foundation. This is real and not just some story to amuse him. Whether or not we consummate this here and now, or somewhere else later it needs to be between you and I. I can't believe I'm saying this but, there's only room for two people in a relationship. Unfortunately for you, you're in the middle balancing both for now, and I refuse to put you on the spot. Talk to him, tell him whatever you want to disclose, but for me I feel that it's time to start building us. Do you understand?"
She nodded. "I feel the same way. It sort of creeps me out when he asks if we've had sex yet as if he's waiting for it for some reason."
"Maybe he's hoping there will be video." That earned me a half-hearted punch.
"Are you going to make me wait until the wedding night?" A smile tugged at the corner of her mouth.
"I should. It would serve you right." I kissed her and rolled off her and tossed the tangled robe aside. I reached for the box that had found its way to the nightstand. "Only three? I guess he doesn't have faith in my abilities."
"Those are just for tonight, I'll get more in the morning."
I tore open the box and took them out unfolding the foil packets. I must have paused too long. Jo had sat up and crawled over to me. She hung over me, arms around my shoulders.
"I can't wait to feel you open me up." She whispered into my ear giving me a kiss on the temple. "Go slow, I want to feel every delicious inch of you." She gave my ear lobe a little lick and kissed my neck just below it. "I want to feel your balls pressed hard against my ass, your hands on my hips, my back, your mouth on my chest."
I tore one of the packets off and put the corner to my teeth and she cooed in my ear. I had no problem placing it over my raging hard cock. When I turned I took Jo by the waist and tossed her back like a rag doll. The smile on her face glowed in the dim light, her legs stretched wide as I mounted her. I had to concentrate to keep from driving into her with a single powerful thrust. Her eyes were half closed as I felt the head penetrate her. I felt my cock push through and open her up. Her mouth puckered into a little 'O' as I inched into her slowly.
"Fuck, that feels good." She gasped.
"That's an understatement." She grabbed my shoulders and pulled me into a deep kiss. Her legs came around me pulling me into her and I flexed my hips and she gasped.
"Tease."
"Trust me when I'm allowed to move you're going to find out just how much of a tease I am."
"Not yet, I've been craving this for weeks. Since that first night when you unzipped my dress at the kitchen table."
"Really? I've been dreaming about this for years." I admitted.
"Ohh?" She smiled and pulled me down for another kiss. She rocked her hips encouraging me to begin my assault on her nether regions. I kissed down her neck. "Careful not to leave any marks we'll need to edit out of the pictures." She said with a soft laugh that tickled my ear. I kissed my way down to her chest and flicked her hard nipple with my tongue causing her to arch her back. "Ungh!" She was gasping for breath.
"Jo I need to..."
She gasped as I pulled back and started taking slow deep strokes. She writhed and moaned as I plunged into her increasingly faster. "Oh God yes." She lifted her hips with each stroke and I drove forward harder with each. She began to moan and I could tell she was getting close.
Her nails dug into my back and I drove forward again causing her to throw her head back and moan again. I took her mouth again and kissed her deeply. I couldn't take it any longer and picked up the pace, slowly at first driving into her like a piston. She responded instantly her hips lifting to meet each thrust. She tugged her lips free of mine.
"Faster!" She cried out and I obliged. I felt the end was close, my muscles tensed and with with one last thrust I erupted. The sound I made didn't sound human as I descended on her lips with my own, both of us gasping for breath between kisses. It felt like my heart was going to beat it's way through my ribs to reach her.
"I"m glad we got that out of the way, now we can get down to some serious sex."
Jo laughed. "Don't you have to work in the morning?"
"A little but I don't need to go to the office until ten. André has a breakfast meeting, monthly reports or something."
"Mmm... how long does it take to buy a jet? I have a little lingerie shopping to do, then I was hoping you'd ask me to put on that little black dress and take me out on the town." She purred in my ear.
"Well it's a matter of giving him the final specifications I want to order and you choosing the carpet and woodwork. I sign the purchase agreement then it goes off to finance and we are done." I kissed her neck up to her ear. "It's about as easy as buying a car, maybe easier. The only thing is that it's not like they have them sitting on the lot. They build it after the contracts are all nailed down and at least some money has changed hands. It probably won't be ready to fly for ten or twelve months."
"That long?" She said surprised.
"That's just the test flights, it won't be finished until it's been through what I hope is a rigorous test run. Like I said yesterday, it's not as if you can just pull over if you hear a rattling under the hood." I rolled to the side, Jo rolled to lay on my chest. "Just taking ownership is going to take several days as we go over the plane with their inspectors, our inspectors, pilot training on the updated equipment. We have even brought flight attendant trainers with us to learn the rest of the plane. There's nothing worse than not knowing how everything works when you're on your maiden voyage."
"Sounds like picking it up is more than just a couple of days work."
"It is. A lot of the work buying it was done by conference calls, studying the technical specs and determining the needs of the company making the purchase. I didn't just pick up a catalog and point at the nicest looking one." I chuckled.
Jo affected a nasally high-pitched voice. "I'd like a number forty-two with options three and seven, fried rice, and an order of egg rolls for delivery."
"I wonder if you get free egg rolls with two options." I pondered.
Jo snickered as she nuzzled my chest. "Go clean up, I'm beat and ready for some sleep."
"Sleep?" I sounded dejected.
She laughed. "For a little bit. I'm sure I'll be woken by a tall, dark, handsome hunk who will take me in manly fashion, or at least I hope so. Then there is the before breakfast nookie." She looked up and tapped her chin in concentration. "If we haven't put him through his paces the before work kiss." She traced her tongue slowly down my chest and stomach. She stopped and my navel and gave it a little kiss then shoved me out of bed.
True to her word at some point deep in the night I woke to her taking my hand and slipping it between her legs where she began massaging herself with my fingertips pressed beneath hers. It didn't take long before I was performing the task without assistance as she squirmed against my cock waking it to the occasion. She turned to face me rolling me onto my back and we took our time and made love.
* * * * *
The next morning she suggested we get out of the room for breakfast. "If we don't, we're going to be late because I'm going to haul you back to bed." Jo said with an impish grin.
After spending the morning going over the information we had put together the day before, and Jo going through the choices for the interior the forms were signed and stacked in two neat piles. André sent a set of digital forms to my email to save me from scanning the for company record, and we were done. When the deal was done he remarked on an earlier comment that I had hoped Jo might try flying lessons one day, to which André took an opportunity to gift her with a flight bag filled with gear. He then took us to lunch to celebrate.
We finally made our way back to the hotel by two.
"I'm kind of curious to know what's inside. I figure it would be rude to go pawing through it on his desk." Jo said. She was excited as a kid on Christmas morning.
"I got one the first time I bought a plane from him about seven years ago. He has them put together for the pilots he deals with, which surprisingly enough isn't very often. Most engineers are at least trainees since it's not a field you're likely to get into if you haven't been bit by the flying bug. I can assure you it's a very generous gift, which is nice considering we just authorized the purchasing department in Houston to buy a plane for nearly fourteen million dollars."
She pawed through the contents asking about a few of them before she nudged me and winked. "Want to come lingerie shopping with me? I need to find a cute purple number to tease Matt. Who knows what else I might find."
"Shopping?" I groaned.
"Oh come on, it'll be fun." Her grin was infectious and I took off my tie and unbuttoned the top button of my shirt and we made our way into the city by cab.
"I'm going to guess you found this place online?"
"I did." Jo had an impish grin on her face as we entered the posh boutique. There were several mannequins dressed in fine lingerie and accessories and I felt my face get warm. One of them was dressed in a leather harness with fine chains across the chest, there were triangular cuts where the breasts would be and the panties were a leather waistband with chains going between the legs.
"We have an appointment." Jo was speaking with a sharply dressed woman about my age. She had the barest hint of a smile and took Jo's information and checked some sort of ledger.
"My name is Yvette and I will be assisting you today. Right this way madame, monsieur and we can begin." She led us to a short hallway with doors on either side, she entered the one on the right and held the door for us. The room was lavishly furnished with high back chairs on either side of a small table, a few full length mirrors stood at angles to one another, there was an old world style privacy screen with flowers on it blocking a corner of the room and a clothing rack stood against the wall with long table next to it which already sported a few items laid out on it.
"You may wish to remove your coats as we keep the dressing rooms warm for your comfort." She said with a smile. "I took the liberty of preparing some of the things you had showed interest in on the website. The first thing I would like to do is get your measurements. Many of our items are imported from Europe and the sizing does not always translate directly to sizes here. If you would step behind the screen and disrobe we can begin."
They mumbled genially behind the curtain, Jo answered questions about her tastes and color preferences. She noted that the purple was a request and not something she would have chosen herself.
" I think, with your hair you will like the effect when paired with a smokey eye shadow and a deeper blush. It is one of my favorite colors for women with striking gold hair. I have something else that would go nicely with your eyes if you would like to see it. A lovely set in mint green."
"Of course."
The woman was definitely in sales. I could hear her buttering Jo up with compliments, none of which were undeserved in the least. This would likely be an expensive afternoon.
Yvette stepped out from behind the screen and went to the table and picked up a few items and brought them around back and there was more shuffling.
"This side needs a little slack." Jo said. "Ooh that's nice, he's going to love it." Yvette came around the screen and Jo followed her into the center of the room. She wore a purple bra and panty set in a mix of lace and satin and heels.
"Nice huh?" She grinned at me. Nice wasn't the word I was thinking of but it fit. She walked towards where the mirrors were and turned and looked over her shoulder then noticed they were angled towards each other so she could see front and back at the same time. She reached around and noticed the lower cheek of her ass peeking out from the lace hem. "Now you see why they call them cheeky. It's not too much is it?" She looked at me in the mirror and smiled and came over and turned slowly on her heel and showed the back to me up close. A giggle escaped her lips as her hands came around and gave a little bounce to the exposed cheeks of her ass.
"I, uh..." I swallowed hard and nodded. "You look terrific."
After nearly an hour of various wardrobe changes Jo had agreed on everything she had tried on and signed the slip.
Yvette was happy with her sale and she should be as I saw the total out of the corner of my eye. Jo had just spent a lot of money on the least amount of fabric possible.
We grabbed a cab back to the hotel so we could relax a bit and get ready for dinner. When I opened the door to the room there was a tripod and two reflectors set against the closet door. Matthew had come through for us.
"I made reservations for us at a nice little bistro in the city for dinner." Jo said as we got into the room.
"When did you find the time to do that?"
"I'm amazing.""Don't I know it." I said as she slid between my arms and wrapped hers around me. She kissed me lightly and pulled back as I leaned in for more.
"You do that and we'll never make it out of this room." We both laughed at that. "Would you mind if I broke the news to Scott?"
"No not at all. I'll go down to the bar and grab a drink while you chat. What time is the reservation?"
"You don't have to do that!"
"Listen, you should be able to talk with your husband without your fiance listening in." I smiled at her as she rolled her eyes.
"You have a point. The reservation is for eight but I want to get out of here by seven and find a drug store to pick up some protection for later." She wiggled her eyebrows at me making us both laugh.
I pulled my tie out of my pocket and hung it up, Jo went over to the desk and woke up her laptop.
"Oh," she trotted back to where I was at the door about to leave, "just in case some hot flight attendant wanders through the lounge remember what you've got waiting upstairs. I know what airport bars can be like." Her arms went around my neck and her mouth latched onto mine with a kiss that could melt glass.
I gasped. "Like I could ever forget." I gave her a peck on the tip of the nose and she smiled. She fiddled with the collar of my shirt and nodded.
"I shouldn't be long, come on back after your drink and I should be ready to go."
"Is this okay?" I looked down at my suit coat and slacks.
"Yes you look fine, it's upscale casual, no tie required. Now get lost, so I can call the old ball and chain." She said with a grin.
I took a seat at the bar and ordered a drink. The lounge wasn't busy yet but it wouldn't be long before people checked in or dropped off their work gear and found their way down here.