I turned 19 and was pretty sure I was hot enough as a female to get hired by the porn industry and continue working till I am considered a milf. Why specifically? I would love to suck the biggest dicks and swallow the entire thick cum loads. My favorite thing in the world and here is how it went..
Pretty, teen sexy and a nice tanned and toned body with perky C cups and a flat stomach. I'm not a virgin and definitely enjoyed my affairs, including married men, but there was something missing. I had desires that were not satisfied by fucking.
Watching internet porn, I soon discovered there were a very few women who really were into sucking and most did it for the money and didn't really seem to be enjoying the deed. I didn't understand it, and so marked it up to their bad luck.
I was ready and eager to apply for work in the porn film industry in Southern California. I thought I would be going to go through a casting couch routine to get in but other than posing nude, the powers were more interested in what I would be willing to do. I explained my preference for sucking cock and yes swallowing the load, but open to most anything including sucking off shemales. No pain, enjoyed fit, hairless men, but fucking and anal were also OK with me. But there was something special about having a pulsing dick in my mouth, or better still in my throat that made me tingle. Oh, and I love lingerie. The lacier the better with my favorite pieces being a garter belt and the feel of stockings. Even cut my hair shorter so it wouldn't interfere when I was sucking a jumbo piece.
My first experience was as a fluffer. Getting guys ready for their scenes by sucking on them. This was disappointing as they couldn't cum in my mouth, and it didn't allow for me to be an exhibitionist. However, it didn't take long for the guys to notice how much I enjoyed it.
After a week of doing this with as much gusto as I could muster, I was asked to fill in for an actress who didn't show up for her 15 minute shoot, I jumped at the chance. It was scripted to be a guy eats woman (me), woman sucks dick, they fuck and finish off with cuming on my stomach. No fancy lingerie for me other than a pair of panties.
The set was a king size bed and the guy was about 40 and in decent shape; maybe a bit too hairy for my taste, but he had manscaped his genitals which I appreciated. Without much fanfare it started with him french-kissing me and he made his way down to my cunt which he ate me for about 5 minutes and got my juices running. Then my fun started, he laid back on the bed, we kissed some more, with me tasting myself on his lips and tongue. I started kissing down on his body across his chest. Putting his 7-incher in my right hand I began to stroke him. After a minute my tongue got involved and gently traced the length of him. When I got to the head of his cock my lips engulfed him and I was completely turned on. Guys, I know you love it, but believe it or not, I get a lot more out of sucking your cock than you do. I just kept using my hand and mouth till we both exploded. His cock was jumping and he escaped my mouth with a heavy thick jizz that got me all over my face and I proceeded to smile as I swallowed as much as I could and I licked off the rest, savoring every drop. My first experience was everything I hoped it would be, and even though we never got to actual fuck.everybody was happy with the film.
Two days later I got a call asking me to come back to the studio for another shoot. This time they wanted me in black garter belt and stockings. My favorites. My partner was particularly hunky and the script called for me to get out of my clothes, kneel between his legs and suck him off. I got anticipation tingles just thinking about what would happen as this is one of my favorite submissive positions. Today's stud started out at 5 inches as I slowly inhaled him in my mouth. My nose was connecting with his pubic hairs, and it was just perfect as he started to grow to about 8 inches while he was in my mouth. Oh, how I love to feel him expand and his member make the turn and go down my throat. I was determined to make him cum with just the motions of my throat muscles. After a few strokes, he couldn't hold back and I felt his dick pulsating, followed by at least 4 loads of delicious cum shoot right into my stomach.. Yum!
Guys, I think I know what's going through your mind. I'm not one of these women who don't cum so I know the pleasure, but what I also get is a total brain orgasam when you cum in my mouth or on my face. There is absolutely nothing like it and the feeling stays with me for days. You can't beat that and I'm glad you enjoy it enough to keep me always busy.
My reputation is growing and I am in high demand. I enjoy new challenges so when I get offers for larger cocks I am eager. I had no trouble with up to 8 inches, but for all the hype, I haven't found anyone longer. My agent said there was a true 10 incher in Canada that was coming to Southern Cal to find some work and I told him to sign me up.
Well, the measurement didn't lie. And I dressed in super sexy lingerie for the occasion. The only thing that concerned me was a small worry that I might have a gag reflex, because I never sucked someone that long before. It was a sweet 10 with a little doward bend which made it ideal. I had always wanted to suck cock while lying upside down and having the guy standing over my head, maybe something about being totally out of my control. The guy got in position, I opened my mouth and felt him slide in effortlessly. He loved playing with my tits as he was entering my mouth. My lips made a tight circle around his member and the feeling of it slowly going deeper was driving both of us crazy. I felt my throat bulge out and I know the guy could see it happen because I heard his breathing quicken. The downward arc made it easier for me to do what I was determined to complete. As he was sliding in, and nice enough to not try and force it, we came to a slight stop in my throat. He pulled out a little and immediately returned and the rebound got it passed the stop and made it feel like his cock was in my chest. I finally knew I was fortunate enough to not have any gag reflex. My tongue was working on the underside of his cock while my throat continued undulations and his balls rested firmly on my face. I was in fantasyland and wanted to remain there forever. His cock started pulsating and was growing in width so I knew what was coming. To my delight, load upon load of his thick man juice shot right into my throat, and the throbbing of his cock made it the most satisfying moment of my life. After he was through, his cock slowly returned to a non-excited size while in my mouth and I made sure my lips cleaned him while he slowly pulled out of my mouth.
Had a interesting time with a shemale recently. We ended up in a 69 position with me on top and with her penis fully in my mouth. I noticed I had to apply lots of suction to make her cum, because she was a skinny 7 inches long, and my throat muscles work better on thicker cocks. With this minor adjustment, she ended up with one of the biggest loads I ever had the pleasure of swallowing (compare to swallowing a pint of soft ice cream without stopping). Yum!
Guys, how many women have you been lucky enough to know or watch in porn that will:
Smile as you shoot cum all over their face.
Lick up and swallow every last drop of your cum.
Deep, deep no-gag throat you and pull you in as you're cuming, instead of pushing you away.
Won't let go of you till you're through cuming and feeling totally drained.
Have you thinking about the experience for the rest of your life?
If you made love with 1, you've won the lottery. If you see more than 2 in porn, not including me, you're doing better than I am, and I watch porn for hours every day.
Look guys, this is not a competetion of who enjoys sex the most. I know the vast majority of women don't feel like me or could do what I do. I also do not have my clitoris in my throat (think Linda Lovelace), though I know I have an organasm when you come in my mouth or throat. Maybe it's a total submission thing, an instinct to super please, exhibiotism or whatever. I am not questioning, just enjoying.
What am I looking forward to:
DP with a third guy deep throating me. I want to know what it's like to cum without being able to scream. In the perfect world all 3 of us would cum at once.
Eating a female or shemale wearing garter belt and stockings. Love the smooth skin between the top of the stocking and my target.
If I ever hook into a serious relationship, I want to have the guy watch me from hiding, giving a stranger one of my special deepthroat bloowjobs. Then I want to describe every detail to him.
Cum swapping male or female. Anyone want to share the load with me?
Mild domination and pain?
Let me know what your fantasies are.
Cheers,