Wow, where do I start. I guess I'll start with who I am. My name is Tina and I am 19 years old. When you hear the rest of this you will be shocked I am 19, but I am. I live at home with my mom, her boyfriend.
I go to the local college and I am a liberal arts major. This year I took a summer job working in the office of a small insurance firm. My dad knows the owner and got me the job. That's how this all started.
The office is small. 7 people. Our boss, 2 guys in sales, a woman who does books, a tech guy, a woman who does marketing, and me. It's a small close knit group. Half of what they say to each other would be grounds for sexual harassment suits. No one cares, it's all funny, but it contributed to what happened. I answer phones, act as receptionist, and do whatever they ask me to do.
The day it all started was just a normal day. We were expecting a client. It was someone everyone in the office knew except me. Having just started I had not met him yet. His name was Dave.
He showed up around 10. Now, I know he is 52. When I saw him I thought he was 40 something. He was not super handsome, but he was better than average. He was tall, a bit overweight, but in that way you'd think you don't want to fight him.
What stood out was he was funny. From the moment he walked in he had me laughing or giggling. He was a flirt but not in a creepy way. I could see why everyone liked him. We chatted, laughed, he met with my boss, he came out, we chatted and laughed some more. Then he left. Nothing unusual.
The next day he sent an email to me. Nothing wild, just a normal welcome aboard, nice meeting you, looking forward to working with you. I responded saying it was fun meeting him and I hope to see him again. That was the starting point. Right there. That's when I invited him in.
He responded that he would not be back for a while but that we could chat by email if I wanted. I said I'd like that. I actually liked the idea. I had free time in the office and chatting with this witty guy would be fun. I gave him my personal email and text and told him to stay in touch.
During that day he sent me a few funny things. Nothing out of the ordinary for me but they were things that obviously required thought and an understanding of my sense of humor. I was enjoying the conversation and light flirting.
The next day few days there were good morning emails from him. We'd chat during my slow periods. As our chats went on he got a little more personal and a little more flirty and sexual. I did not mind. Through our conversations I felt we were really getting to know each other.
One particularly slow day he asked what I was doing. I said nothing, that the office was slow today. He said I should spice it up.
I asked how and he said, "You're a pretty girl, I am sure you could spice up any room."
I replied and asked how he suggested I do that. His response was that he could think of something.
I asked him to tell me, and he asked if that was a dare.
I hesitated. I'd played truth or dare in high school, it was always sexual. Was this conversation going that way? I figured what the hell, a dare or two might be fun. So I said yes, I dared him to tell me how to spice up my day. In return he said only if I promised to do it. I told him I promised. After all, he was not here and no one could force me to do anything.
He said. "Before I dare you, tell me what you wore to work".
I was feeling flirty so why not. I guess you want to know about me. I am 5'2 125. I have long brown hair to the middle of my back. I am told I am pretty. I don't have that angular straight line face models have. Mine is more round girl next door.
I was wearing a blue pleated skirt and a cream blouse. He wanted more. How long was the skirt, how many buttons on the blouse, was I wearing stockings, and what I was wearing underneath. This was a little fun. He was in another state, so what harm in telling him. I told him I was wearing a matching thong and bra, white with pink lace. He responded appreciatively.
He said, "Here is your dare. Pull your skirt up so you are not sitting on the back. So you can feel your ass against the seat. Let the front fall where it may."
The dare was pretty easy. My desk was where everyone could see me, but people were busy and no one was looking. I agreed and while sitting pulled my skirt up as far as it would go. Then I scootched up just enough to pull my skirt out from under me.
Just as I did that I looked to my left. One of the sales guys, Tom, had seen me. I felt my heart jump. I also had to admit it was hot. My skirt front was about 2" from my crotch and I was caught pulling it up.
I quickly told my friend what happened. He asked how it made me feel getting caught. I had to admit it was a rush of excitement. Even though I'm 19 and don't have a lot of experience, I always liked being looked at.
Here I was showing off in the office. My heart was beating faster. I was very nervous but I had to admit it was also fun. I told him exactly how I felt. He asked me if it was a turn on knowing I'd been caught. It was and I told him. He asked me if the sales guy was still checking me out. I looked over. He was looking at me but all of a sudden he turned and looked away. I pretended I didn't notice.
I told Dave he was looking at me. I took a makeup mirror out of my desk and put it on top in a position where I could see Tom. I could see he kept on checking out my legs as I sat there. Again I told Dave what was happening. He again asked me how I felt about it. I started to see a pattern. Every time he asked me about something he asked me how I felt about it.
I told Dave exactly how I felt. He asked if I was ready for my next dare.
I was intrigued now. The last one was fun. Tom was still checking me out. I wondered what next dare would be. I told Dave I was ready. He said I dare you to scratch your upper thigh almost all the way to the band of your panties pulling your skirt up as you go. I thought about it. I knew Tom kept looking. I knew if I did the dare he would see me do it. The idea both scared and excited me.
I told Dave okay. Dave responded for me to tell him when I'd done it and what, if any, was the sales reps reaction. I still had my make up mirror on my desk. I dropped my hand to my thigh and started scratching my thigh. The sales rep saw me and just watched. I could see him by looking in the mirror. He kept glancing away hoping I wouldn't catch him but he looked more and more.
Slowly I slid my skirt up as I scratched. As I did, Tom looked away less and less. I could feel the front of my skirt slide up. It was pretty much in my lap. As my hand moved up I was exposing more and more of my leg. Since I wasn't sitting on my skirt I also was exposing the side my ass. By the time I got to the top Tom was just staring at me. I pretended not to notice.
I pulled my hand away I let my skirt fall back into place. The side dropped down but the front stayed almost up to my waist. If someone came to my desk they would see my panties. I'm not sure if the sales rep could see them from where he was.
I told Dave would happened. Again he asked me how I felt. I told him I was extremely nervous but that was really fun. He asked me again if I was turned on. I had to admit my pussy was wet. I just told him it made me feel sexy. He asked if I wanted my next dare.
I knew that I shouldn't. I was feeling excited and hot but I said, "that's enough."
Even though I said it, I knew I wanted more, but I was glad I said it. We reverted back to our regular chat.
When it was time to leave, he said, "One more dare."
I doubted I'd do it, but asked what it was. His dare was for me to only wear skirts and dresses from now on and no matter what, not to sit on the back of them. Always have my ass directly on the seat.
I replied, "We'll see," and headed home.
The next day I started to get dressed. I looked in my closet. Dave's words came to mind. What the heck, I thought. I pulled on a short skirt and top.
When I got to the office to the office, I did exactly as Dave asked. I was sure Tom noticed.
There was the usual good morning from Dave. We had a little chat/flirting. He asked what I was wearing and I told him.
"Good girl, he said. I liked it.
He then asked if I was sitting with my ass on the chair like he asked.
"Yes," I replied.
He asked in my panties were showing. I looked down. They were and I told him.
He asked me if I were ready for my next dare. I knew I should say no, but I really liked doing them yesterday and truthfully couldn't sleep wondering what he would have asked if I had said yes. I admit I played with myself till I came, with that thought in mind before I fell asleep.
I said, "Sure."
The dare was to call the sales rep over to my desk and show him something or ask him a question. I knew that if I called him over he would see right up my skirt. My panties would be on full display. I told Dave I couldn't do it. He said yes I could and coaxed me to do it. I finally agreed. I have to admit I wanted to do it from the start but hesitated wondering the consequences. I also enjoyed the feeling of being told what to do.
I called Tom over. I thought he was going to fall over himself getting to my desk. When he got there it was obvious he could see my panties. He was trying not to stare but he was doing it poorly. I could not believe I was doing this but it felt hot. Feeling brave I pushed back from my desk a little giving him a good view. I gave him the papers I'd called him over for and he went back to his desk.
I told Dave what happened. Again he asked me how I felt. By this time I was feeling hot and excited. It made me feel very sexy to show off. He was making me see a side of myself I didn't really realize I had.
All I said was, "This is hot."
He asked me if I was ready for my next dare. I knew it would be something more. I wasn't sure what I could do but I was very curious as to what he would ask. Again I knew I shouldn't do it but I couldn't help myself.
I said, "Yes."
It was now lunchtime. Being a poor college student I usually eat lunch at my desk. Most of the staff goes out. Dave asked me who was in the office. I told him just the two sales reps. One was working. The other one, the one who watched me show off, well, I don't think he wanted to leave his desk. Dave gave me my next dare.
He told me to go to the bathroom and tuck the back of my skirt into my panties. He told me to come out walk by the two sales reps. If they said anything I was to fix my skirt. If they didn't when I sat down I was supposed to pretend to notice and say "oh my God. Why didn't you tell me my skirt was up. ". My heart was beating fast. I was wearing a thong. If I did this dare my ass would be on full display to both the sales reps.
I'm not sure what possessed me to say yes, but I did. I got up and walked to the restroom. When I got there I looked in the mirror. I asked myself why am doing this. I could see my face was flushed. I could also tell my panties were getting soaked. I reach behind me and tucked the back of my skirt into my panties. I checked it out in the mirror. With just the little bit I tucked in you really couldn't see much. I hesitated. Then I tucked more into my panties. Now my ass was on full display.
My heart was pounding. I walked out of the restroom and passed the two sales guys. I could feel them both staring. After a moment Bill, the sales guy I hadn't been showing off to, told me my skirt was tucked in my panties. I reached back pretending to be surprised. I pulled it out of my waistband and let it fall into place. As I did I thanked him for telling me. Bill laughed and said that he didn't want to tell me but he felt obligated. He was enjoying the view.
I laughed and for some reason I don't understand I reached back, flipped my skirt up, and said, "There happy now," as it fell back in the place.
Bill said not really but it was a start.
I went back to my desk and told Dave exactly what happened. The first thing he said was, "Good girl ".
I don't know why but those words really made me feel good. I liked that he called me a good girl. He asked me if I was having fun. I replied that I was. He asked if I was ready for my next dare.
I said okay. After all I was having a lot of fun. Showing off was exciting me. Being told what to do also excited me.
As I sat back down I reached down pull the back of my skirt up. As I did it I noticed Tom looking right at me. I just smiled at him and pulled the skirt up. Tom smiled back. Now he knew that I knew he was looking. He also knew I did not mind. Again I could feel how wet my pussy was. I was actually thinking of going in the restroom and masturbating.
I told Dave I did it, what I added and that Tom watched me while I did it. Again the question came. How did I feel. I told him I was feeling sexy and hot. He asked me if I was wet. This was the first reference to my body. I hesitated, and told him I was.
Again he said, "Good girl."
Again I felt a rush of excitement when he said it.
Tom was still looking at me. I said, "Take a picture it will last longer."
He laughed and said, "I should've taken a picture when you walked out of the rest room."
" Yeah, you'd probably like it if I walked around without a skirt all day, " I replied.
He of course said he would.
Sarcastically I said, " I'm sure the rest of the office would appreciate it."
He said, "They wouldn't care. None of them will be back this afternoon."
I asked where they'd all gone and he told me. There was a meeting with our accounting firm. The tech guy was working from home and our marketing person was meeting with a vendor
"Oh," I said, "and what do you think Bill would say?"
Bill, obviously listening to our conversation, chimed in. "I second Tom's opinion."
Tom and I both laughed at that.
I just laughed and told them I didn't think I should but it sounds fun. I then told Dave about the conversation. He said that it sounded like fun and told me I should do it. I responded that that was ridiculous. After all, what was I supposed to do, just stand up and take my skirt off. He then gave me a list of instructions.
Scratch my thigh the way I did before. When I caught Tom looking smile at him and say, "Enjoying the view?" When he responded I was to say, "I suppose you would really like it if I were working without a skirt on."
Whatever he replied I was stand up, say, "What the hell, and let it fall to the floor."
I could not believe it. There was no way I could do that. I mean we had a flirty office but this was crossing the line. Then again, as I read what he wanted me to do, I admit I almost came right then and there. Chatting with Dave I put up some resistance. I didn't say no way. I said I didn't think I could do it, told him he was crazy, and said the guys would freak out. Dave said he bet they would love it.
I looked over and again saw Tom looking at me. I smiled and he smiled back. As I looked at him, I thought of Dave's instructions. My hand almost with the will of its own went down to my thigh and started scratching my leg. As Tom watched and I looked at him I swell we scratched my leg and pulled my skirt up like I did before. He kept watching and I kept looking at him.
The words came out of my mouth just as Dave told me too. "Are you enjoying the view? "
Tom's reply was. "You have great legs."
I responded, "I suppose you would really like it if I working without a skirt on."
I could not believe I said it. As I did my heart was beating a mile a minute. I could think of Dave online wanting to give me the next step. I wonder what more I could do. Then Tom replied.
He laughed and said, "You're not brave enough."
Wow, that gave me the excuse to actually do it. I don't even think I hesitated. I stood up, unzipped my skirt, and let it fall to the floor. I look at Tom and said, "Is that better?"
He was just staring at me mouth open. I looked at Bill, he was staring too. There I was standing at my desk in just my thong, top, and heels.
Before Tom could respond Bill said, "That's almost perfect."
I did a little pirouette and said, "I hope you're happy now," and sat down.
I started typing to Dave telling him exactly what happened. As I was typing it I was reliving it in my mind. I felt hot as hell. I think if one of the guys wanted to fuck me I would've bent over my desk right then and there.
Dave responded that he knew I could do it. He told me he was proud of me. Having him tell me that made me feel good. Why was I enjoying this strangers approval so much.
As I was typing, Bill commented that he didn't see what color my thong was. I was telling Dave all as it was happening.
Dave just responded, "Well show him."
I didn't even hesitate. I just stood up, pulled the hem of my shirt up so my navel was showing, and said, "White and pink."
I could tell they did not expect that. They were both speechless.
As I stood there Bill came to his senses and said, "You have a great belly."
I was really enjoying the compliments. Tom asked me if my bra matched. I told him it did. He said he'd like to see. Teasingly I pulled my top up and exposed my bra. They both complimented me and told me I had a great body and that my bra and panties were cute.
I said, "Ok, I have work to do. I can't be parading around ½ naked all afternoon."
As I went to sit down Bill commented that since I'd shown them my bra anyways, why don't I work with my top off. I responded that they would not get any work done. They laughed. Bill replied that he was pretty caught up anyway.
I laughed, sat down, and started telling Dave everything that happened. He asked me if I was enjoying showing off. I told him. I told him exactly how I felt. After all, I really was. I always knew I liked to flirt but this was way past flirting. This was being an exhibitionist. As I thought of that word, a hot flash went from my pussy to my brain. I immediately realized that the total idea of showing off thrilled me to the bone. I was an exhibitionist.
I'd been sitting for a few minutes. The guys had gone back to their work. I was having a hard time concentrating. All I could think of is standing up, taking off my top, and showing the guys my bra.
I told Dave and he said "Just do it."
What? Just stand up, take off my shirt? Just like that? What would the guys think? Could I really just do that? I typed my doubts to Dave.
His response, "You'd love it. So would they."
I could not believe I was actually considering this. The conversation had passed. If I were to do it now it would be a deliberate act not just a response to some teasing. Dave was encouraging me online. I was resisting but my resistance was getting lamer and lamer. All the while my pussy was getting wetter and wetter. Finally, my pussy won. I stood up, went to get a file. The guys eyes followed my ass as I walked. When I turned around they were both looking at me. I looked at one, then the other.
I just said, "OK," and I pulled my top off.
Here I was standing in the middle of the office in front of Bill and Tom in my bra, panties, and heels and I was loving it. They were both telling me how beautiful and sexy I was. I felt both. I saw Bill's eyes drop to my panties. The thin white material stretched over my pussy. I realized suddenly how wet I was and that they could see the wetness on my panties.
I started to blush, but also realized I wanted them to know. I could feel their eyes on me. It just made me wetter.
Bill was the first to say something. "Looks like you're enjoying this too."
He was right and we all knew it. I didn't deny it. I went back to my desk. I was about to sit and Bill joked, "Do you want to put down a towel first?"
I just laughed and asked if he wanted me to do that so he could take the towel home.
His response, "You bet."
I sat down and started telling Dave everything that happened. He responded with approval and then said, "I knew when I met you that you have a little slut streak. Don't you?"
Wow, slut? If someone had called me a slut the day before I would have scratched their eyes out. Now, I was taking it as a compliment.
I responded that I had never done anything like this before. I had had sex 4 times before with a nice guy. I just thought it was time. I did not consider myself slutty. Yet, when he called me that, I liked the way it felt. I don't know why but I told him exactly what I was feeling.
He responded "good girl".
Mmmmmmm, I thought
He told me what to say next. As I read it I knew I shouldn't but I knew I was going to. I read it right off the screen.
I Look down at my pussy and said, "Oh my god, I did not realize my panties had soaked through like that."
Both guys heads bobbed up immediately.
Bill responded. It was obvious that Bill was the quicker thinker. I think he grasped what was going on. "Yeah, they are pretty wet. Pretty Transparent. Hell it was almost like you weren't wearing that thong at all."
With my shaved pussy I knew they could see everything
Again, the words popped out of my mouth, "You'd like that wouldn't you."
Oh my god. Did I just say that? I furiously typed and told Dave what was happening.
His response, "That's my good little slut."
I responded, "Thank you."
Thank you? What was that all about? I am thanking a guy who talked me into sitting in my office in my bra and panties? Yet there I was feeling, hot, sexy, grateful, and like I'd do anything he asked. The next thing he typed made me cum. Yes, right there is my chair. I wasn't touching myself but I was rubbing my legs together and leaning forward in my seat trying to stimulate myself. He didn't say anything dirty, but his next command was to do something that changed the dynamic. Up till now I had been reacting to them. Now he was telling me to take the lead.
The words on the screen said , "Tell the guys they are right. Your panties are soaked and they are getting uncomfortable. Ask them if they'd mind if you take them off."
At that point I knew where this was going. If my panties came off I knew these guys were going to fuck me. I knew it and Dave knew I knew it. Here I was, considering fucking 2 guys in my office, 2 guys I had never even considering dating, and worse, I knew I was going to do it.
I could pretend I was doing it for Dave, but I wasn't. I wanted this. Me, sweet Tina, 1 lover in my past, was about to become a total slut, and I was thrilled by the idea. Let's face it. For me to go this far in one day, I had to admit I wanted it. I wanted to be a slut. I wanted to be told what to do. I didn't even resist. I told Dave, "OK".
It wasn't as hard as I thought. I had not looked, but the guys noticed my orgasm. They were speechless. Just staring at me. I said it. I asked if I could take my panties off. Exactly as Dave told me to. Tom just stared but Bill quick as usual said, "Come over here. I'll do it for you."
I looked at my PC. Quickly typed the interaction and saw the immediate response. "Go.".
I stood up and walked over to Bill. He was only a few feet from me, but it felt like I ran 5 miles. I was breathing heavy, flushed, and perspiring a little. Bill was staring at my panties. I looked. They were soaked through. Completely Transparent. I stood in front of Bill. Arms by my side.
He looked at my face and said, "Are you sure?"
I put my arms on his shoulders, looked him in the eye, and said, "Yes Bill, I want my panties off. Please take them off me."
That was it. I felt his hands on the waist band. He slid them off down my hips. I stepped out of them.
Bill said, "You have a gorgeous pussy." I
I had not moved. My hands were still on his shoulders. Bill looked at Tom and said, "I think that bra should come off too."
He was right. I wanted to be naked. I wanted these 2 guys to see me naked. Tom stood up and walked over. I felt Bill's hand back on my thigh. I shivered. His hand moved to my pussy. As his hand grazed my clit I came again. I was on fire. I kept my eyes on Bill and felt the clasp of my bra come undone. I turned and looked at Tom and shrugged it off my shoulders.
I actually said, "Thank you."
That was it. Bill knew who I was. He looked me in the eyes and said, "That's a good slut."
His fingers in my pussy and hearing the word out loud, I came again.
Bill didn't stop. "I've wanted to fuck you since I met you. Do you want me to fuck you?"
"Yes," I said quietly.
"What did you say?"
"Yes, I want you to fuck me."
"And are you a slut?"
"Yes," I said
"What? came the response.
"Yes, I am a slut and I want to be fucked," I said it.
Bill pushed me to my knees and told me to pull out his cock. I had not seen a lot of cocks. This one looked like the one hard one I saw. I pulled his cock out of his pants. I was now face to face with it. I knew what oral sex was. I had a good idea of what to do, but I had never done it before.
Bill said, " Suck it you slut."
My mouth was immediately on it. I wrapped my lips around it and pretended I was eating a Popsicle. I loved the way it felt. I loved the way I felt. He kept moaning and calling me a slut. Telling me to suck his cock. Telling me I was a good slutty cocksucker. Every word made me want to please him more and more.
As I sucked Bill, Tom had pulled out his cock and was stroking it. I could see him out of the corner of my eye. The fact that these 2 hard cocks were hard over me was hot. I loved it.
Bill looked at Tom and said, "Do you want some of this sluts mouth?"
Tom hesitated. I reached out and took his cock in my hand. I pulled him close and said, "Please."
He moaned as I took him in my mouth.
I felt Bill position himself behind me. I knew what doggie style was, but again, I had never done it. Bill said, "Get that slutty ass up in the air"
I grabbed Tom's hand and pulled him to the ground so I could continue to suck his cock. As I did I raised my ass. Bill rubbed his cock against my pussy. I was dripping. His cock touched my clit and I went off again.
Bill said to Tom, "This slut's cunt is dripping wet."
Cunt? Cunt? Yesterday I would have stabbed him. Today I loved the way it felt. I wanted to hear it again. I wanted to say it.
I could feel his cock against my pussy. I wanted it in me. "Please," I said. "Fuck me."
Bill had obviously done this before. His response "I'm not fucking you. I'm fucking your little slut cunt."
I came again.
His cock slid in me. I'd never felt anything like it. There was nothing special about his cock but being here, in this office, with these 2 guys, had every nerve in my body tingling. I moaned as he entered me.
"That's it slut, take my cock. Fuck me."
I started fucking him. He started fucking me. I could feel his cock sliding in and out of me. Every movement sent jolts through my pussy. I could feel the cock in my mouth. I tried to picture how I looked. I knew guys liked my ass. I was wishing I could get a picture. The thought of that made me come again.
As I came I felt Tom's cock start to stretch. He said, "Oh my god, I'm going to cum."
I started to pull my mouth away but Bill pushed my head down and said, "No, good sluts swallow. Get every drop." I
I came again.
Tom started to cum. It squirted in my mouth. I swallowed and swallowed but I was not fast enough. Some dripped out on my face. I pulled off his cock and the last shot of cum hit me in the cheek. I actually felt bad. Bill had said to get it all and I couldn't.
I was relieved when Bill said, "That's a good slut. You look good with cum on your face."
Tom pulled away. Bill pushed my head to the floor pulling my ass higher. He started fucking me harder and harder. I fucked back.
"Are you ready for a cuntful of cum, slut?"
Bill said.
"Yes"
"Yes What?"
"Yes I want your cum"
"Tell mr more"
I started screaming. "Fuck me. Fuck my cunt. Fill my slutty little cunt with cum. Make me a slut. Fill me up."
I could feel it. It was incredible. I had always used a condom before. After my boyfriend and I broke up I went on the pill. This was the first time I felt cum in my cunt. It was hot, I could feel it squirting in me. I could feel it flood around his cock and start dripping out of my pussy. I came so hard I went limp. Bill was holding my ass up to keep me from falling. I did not think I could do any more or that it could get any better. I was wrong.
Tom was hard again. His cock was bigger than Bill's. Not a lot, but bigger and he was hard again. Now he was into it. "
"Get that slutty little ass over here so I can fuck you."
I did as told. Again with my ass in the air I felt a cock enter me. Even though I was soaking wet and had a load of cum in me I could feel the size difference. I felt full. Tom started fucking me in earnest. Hard, Fast. All the while calling me a slut and asking me what I want.
I was glad to respond. The words were hot. "Fuck me. Fuck me like the slut I am. Fuck my cum filled cunt. Give me your load. Shoot in me."
I had no idea I could talk like that but every slutty word made me tingle.
I felt it. I felt him spasm. I felt the cum hit my pussies walls. I felt it leak out of my pussy around his still thrusting cock. It was amazing. I had an orgasm like nothing I can describe.
I was done. Exhausted, sweaty, satiated, quivering. It was almost closing time. Bill and Tom went to the restroom to clean up. I started picking up my clothes. Bill came out of the restroom. I was not sure how to act. Naked, Cum dripping out of my pussy and down my leg. I couldn't look at him. Bill walked up to me. He hugged me and kissed me on the forehead.
Very sweetly he said "Tina, you are a very special girl. We adore you."
All of a sudden I felt safe and cared for. He handed me a towel. It was clean and must have come from his gym bag. He walked me to the restroom and I wiped myself clean. He went and found my skirt and bought it to me. I got dressed.
Bill and Tom both hugged me before they left. They were so sweet. I sat at my desk then asked Dave if he was there. He responded so I told him what happened. He asked a lot of questions and at one point I played with myself as I recapped what happened. I came once again.
It was time to go home. I said goodbye and went to sign off.
His last words were, "Good Girl."
As I drove home I replayed the day over and over in my head. I had to admit it was the hottest thing I ever did. I also knew that I jeopardized my job. What will the guys think of me monday. What if they told others. The, told others, part scared me and excited me. Why was I feeling that? Why would I want others to know what a slut I'd been. I knew Dave was a bad influence. I resolved not to talk to him again.
I failed.