Becci had always planned to be adventurous during their short break in Paris, but she could barely believe that she had stripped in front of a packed audience in Théâtre Chochotte. Just thinking about the events that unfolded left her in a state of high arousal.
Paul often told her that she was a perfect mix of beauty and vulnerability. She knew she had a good body, slender yet curvaceous, and that many men found her pale porcelain skin and pink intimate areas enticing. Yet even in her wildest dreams she never thought she would receive such an enthusiastic welcome. From the moment she ventured onto the stage she became the star of the show, eclipsing all of the professional dancers present. She felt desired, sensual and a surprising sense of power.
While heading home on the Eurostar she whispered to Paul, "They seemed to want me more than Nicole.... More than any of the other girls."
Paul turned to her, almost glaring at her, and asked, "They?"
Becci's cheeks flushed slightly. She lowered her head and reached for his hand, then looked up at him, "The audience.... Not just the men, but yes the men.... There were so many."
She could feel her nipples stiffening and pussy tingle. "Was it just because I wasn't meant to?" She continued in a hushed tone, "Or my wedding ring on my finger and you beside me?" Her cheeks burned crimson as Paul glared at her, speechless. Becci stammered, "We'll never see them again. It was for you.... I'm just yours, only yours."
At home she did her best to maintain an outward semblance of normality, but she desperately longed for so much more. Desires and fantasies she had so recently realised continued to intrude into her thoughts, and with less restraint than ever before. She had tasted the forbidden and she was hooked.
Whilst daydreaming with her eyes closed on the train to a local market town, Becci was shocked back into reality by, "Tickets please, all tickets." Her lips were parted and moist. One hand was between her thighs, while she gently stroked the side of her breast with the other. A vivid and exaggerated version of the events in the Prague villa while on honeymoon was racing through her mind.
Becci opened her eyes startled only to see a couple sitting diagonally across from her, staring at her in shameful recognition. She looked up at the conductor standing over her, his eyes also fixed on her. The outline of her engorged and firm nipples was clearly visible, and she had little doubt that he could see the inner curve of her breasts and little lace quarter bra down the front of her dress. Becci at least had the grace to blush as she fumbled for her ticket.
Shortly after this episode she made a few simple rules to live by. She would always be immediately available for Paul and never refuse an advance; she must dress to tease and please him; and every weekend she'd plan a little something for him. But most importantly, she would only transgress in public when they were away on city breaks. She wouldn't embarrass him, or tarnish their reputation at home.
The last rule was first bent with the purchase of a Lelo Tiani remote control vibe. She had intended to use it during foreplay, letting Paul take the control. It wasn't long before she had the bright idea to secure it in place under seamless nylons and head out to pubs, clubs and restaurants. Of course, it was just a matter of time before she went too far; she wore it to a cousin's Christening!
The wooden seat in church picked up and amplified the normally quiet vibrations. She improvised by sitting on her scarf, while Paul chuckled and continued to tease her, convinced that they'd got away with it. A few years later she discovered that was not the case, but returning to the present that same rule was on the verge of being irrevocably shattered.
The following Saturday Becci planned their evening carefully. The previous day she had waxed her vulva and mons to make sure there was no chance of stubble, whilst giving her skin a chance to recover. She came downstairs fresh from the shower and finished in Chanel Allure, wearing only a little accessible dress, stockings and heels.
Becci smiled coyly and stroked Paul's arm as she walked through the kitchen, then whispered, "The taxi will be here soon. Best eat your hors d'oeuvre!" With that she lay back on the breakfast room table and opened her legs, presenting herself to him.
Just knowing why she'd made the effort was enough to excite her. Her pussy tingled as soon as Paul touched her, and flooded when he proclaimed, "You taste divine!" Becci wrapped her legs around his neck as he devoured her. Soon her thighs were quivering as her muscles twitched on the verge of an orgasm. He broke free only when his tongue cramped, then stood to frantically free his cock.
Becci knew he'd nail her where she lay in a second; whilst sorely tempted she had other plans. She scampered over to the window overlooking their drive. Paul was instantly behind her and pulled her dress up to ram his cock into her. She fought to keep her upper body as still as possible as he moved rhythmically inside her. His hand was on her bare pussy, his fingers exploring her as he fucked her. Becci moaned, "O-oh... On m-m... My clit!"
Becci had dimmed the breakfast room lights as she walked in earlier, but she could still be seen from the street. Fortunately she spotted the taxi just in time, and broke free again. She smiled at the sight of Paul's twitching cock and headed for the door with, "Best secure that under your belt!"
Becci sat directly behind the driver with her legs slightly parted, and discretely slipped Paul's hand under her skirt. He caressed her sensitive inner thighs and soon slipped his fingers inside her soaking pussy. Becci let out a stifled gasp as he spread her sex juices over her clit, teasing her with gentle circular movements. Her nipples became so engorged they looked like two little dials draped in silk. Throughout Paul engaged and distracted the driver with football chat.
In the restaurant Becci deliberately headed for a table against a wall, with Paul and the waitress following. She sat with her back to the other dinners, and flashed Paul a naughty grin, "All the other couples are sitting with the girl looking out across the restaurant. You'll have to tell me what's happening behind me!" She ordered a Kir Royal, and leaned forward to discuss the menu with Paul, her modest breasts visible down the front of her dress.
As the evening progressed Becci continued to toy with Paul, initially playing with her cleavage and flashing the curve of a breast, the edge of her areolae, and occasionally a nipple. She dropped her serviette and asked him to pick it up for her, only to open her legs under the table as he knelt. His hand glanced her inner thigh, his fingers falling just short of her slit. Somehow that was even more enticing; his pupils were dilated, and it wasn't just the wine! Becci slipped her heels off and slid a dainty stocking clad foot between his thighs, curling her toes around his hard cock.
They had booked the last sitting, and the restaurant started to thin out. As she sipped her last glass of wine, Becci was fairly sure that the remaining dinners could only see her back. She was naked under her low-cut dress. Biting her lower lip with a mischievous smile, she pulled the plunging neckline of her dress under and around both of her tits. Becci sat fully and brazenly exposed before Paul. She had recently got into vintage erotic movies and imagined that she looked like Corinne Clèry in Histoire D'O.
What is wrong with men? How often had he seen her tits? His only job was to warn her if someone approached, yet he fucked that up. Becci was suddenly aware of someone standing beside her; the waitress dropped the bill on the table awkwardly, trying to deflect her gaze from Becci's exposed breasts, "Miss.... You, you can't...."
The poor girl was so shocked she couldn't finish the sentence. She tried to leave but Paul stopped her, "We'll pay now." Becci rode it out, remaining exposed to the young waitress as he fumbled with the machine, unusually flustered.
The waitress finally laughed and left with, "Did you mean to give me a ten pence tip?" Idiot! Adorable, but an idiot.
Becci was ready; she was so wet and so frustratingly empty. She suggested a cocktail bar. Paul was arguably in a more heightened state of arousal. Even the click of her heels on the pavement was now almost too much for him! His erection was straining so badly in his jeans that he was struggling to walk. Becci giggled like a schoolgirl and whispered, "Little steps my love!"
She could feel her pussy weep as she pressed her breast into Paul's biceps, and
briefly touched his groin when she thought no one was looking. She blamed her more outrageous behaviour on the way she had been bullied in high school, arguing that this led to her need for 'validation.' The simple truth was that she adored making men hard and dealing with the consequences. She had once told Paul, "I instinctively know what men want, and how to give it to them." Perhaps she was just a slut.
With, "I need you inside me!" Becci pulled Paul up a service alley he seemed unaware off. She dropped to her knees and pulled his cock free. Looking up into his eyes, her tongue flicked wildly up and down his length. She smiled and quietly moaned as she smelt and tasted his crystal clear precum, and teased him, taking just the tip of his tense glans into her mouth, her tongue still swirling around it.
She needed more. Her head began to rock back and forth, taking him deeper and deeper into her soft mouth. Finally she grasped his taut buttocks for purchase and pulled his full length into her throat, rocking his glans over the back of her tongue. When she pulled free she was gasping, her chest was heaving, and she was leering up at him with like some sex starved hussy. Becci stood, unzipped her dress and simply stepped out of it.
Standing naked before him except for her stockings and heels, she placed her hand on a wall for a little security and leaned forward, looking back towards him with her back arched and pink slit glistening. The moment he grabbed her hips and thrust into her she cried, "Oh sweet Jesus... Hmmph.... Ahh... Hard... H-harder!"
Paul could feel her vagina spasming on him. Rings of tight muscle yielded to him as he pressed into her. He gripped her hips with both hands and began to forcefully pound her.
Voices, laughter and click of other girls heels barely twenty meters away provided the perfect soundtrack. Becci had intended to take him in her mouth, but wild horses couldn't have pulled him off her. He flooded her pussy with a truly impressive load of cum, then lingered buried to the hilt inside her, groping her, squeezing her little tits. Gradually his cock started to soften and slipped from her.
They both became aware of their surroundings. Their eyes had adjusted to the light; the alley wasn't as dark as it had first seemed. A noise from a second floor window startled Becci, "Christ, I think we were seen!" The second fail that night.
Perhaps it was because she couldn't change that now, perhaps she just wanted to take a bow. Becci stood back and posed for Paul, naked, flushed and with stands of his semen dripping from her. Paul snapped a single blurred photo, then picked up her dress for her as she cleaned herself as best she could. She dressed, smiling, laughing and blushing.
As they left the alley Paul held onto her like his life depended on her. He let go only to order cocktails when they reached a nearby bar. Becci went to the ladies to clean the remaining cum she could feel trickling down her legs, staining her stockings, and fixed her dishevelled hair and makeup.
Becci returned to Paul and whispered, "Do I smell of... you know?" looking nervously up into his eyes.
He smiled, gently stroking her hair and lowered his nose to her neck. "No, no of course not.... Well, just a little..... But.... It's sexy as fuck!" She could feel her face burn crimson as she buried it in his chest. She felt him, he was hard again. Becci giggled as she imagined how her mother would react if she only knew!