It was after four o'clock now, which was around our time to leave the beach and head for a bar. I watched with pleasure as Katie walked into the sea, still topless, to wash off all of the sand, before ambling back up the beach, her firm breasts bouncing as she approached. Again I noted the growing pride and pleasure I felt, heads turning as she passed them, eyes straining to see if the rear view was as good as the front (it was).
"We going back to Franco's?" I asked. I knew the answer would be yes.
Unlike the previous day, where we'd gone home and got ready for a night out first, we called into Franco's in our beach gear. Katie had a wrap around over her bottom half, but just her bikini top. I had a t-shirt and my beach shorts.
Franco was behind the bar as we walked in.
"Ah, here they are again!" he beamed as we walked in. It really was a beautiful place, overlooking the harbour below and the many winding streets down to the beach. He very obviously approved of Katie's outfit, and I found myself again experiencing less and less jealousy as he complimented her magnificent body.
"Katie, Katie, what a princess. And look at you today, so beautiful. No need for all of those clothes, eh?" He laughed, and I joined him, even going as far as encouraging these comments.
"Why cover up a work of art, Franco," I ventured.
"Esattamente - exactly!" he beamed. You don't buy a Ferrari and keep it in the garage - no! You drive it very slow, so everyone can see, eh?" Katie's chest had a slight flush to it, more than the day in the sun had already provided.
The day turned into evening and the wine flowed again. Unsuitably dressed as we were for an evening out, we thought about leaving early, but Franco insisted that we must stay. Emilia gave Katie a shawl to keep warm, which was a disappointment to Franco as it covered up her delightful bare soldiers and bikini clad breasts. I noted the other tables of guests had also kept one eye on her. Watching people watching Katie was becoming one of my favourite holiday pastimes.
As the other guests drifted away, we were again the last remaining. Emilia came over to check on us, as our wine was running low again. Again I marvelled at her figure. I was convinced she must be wearing a corset, so much like an hourglass her body was shaped.
"Another?" she smiled - it wasn't really a question as the answer was almost guaranteed, and she came back with a fresh bottle.
"Thanks so much for last night. Emilia," Katie started, flicking me a mischievous glance.
"You are always welcome, amica," Emilia replied warmly. "We love to cook for you, and you are so welcome to drink our wine."
"Not just that, looking through your old photos, it had quite the effect on Dan," she smirked. I frowned at her. But she wasn't lying. I decided to mimic Franco's approach to a beautiful lady,
"It's true, Emilia. I can't think of a better way to end the evening than seeing those lovely pictures of you, you are still so beautiful, and seeing you posing for the camera like that - it was amazing."
"I found out just how amazing he found it when we got home - well nearly home anyway!" Katie tone made it very clear what she meant, even with the language barrier Emilia understood, and she didn't mind. She liked the flattery. As did Franco.
"So you like to see my Emilia eh?" Emilia said something to him in Italian, and he replied in kind. She leaned over the table, lowering her voice slightly even though nobody else was present.
"I have a little secret." I looked at Katie, who still had a look of mischievousness across her beautiful face. "I was a model. I have many, many pictures. So, so many, I was in front of the camera for many many years. Franco has all of them at home - don't you Franco?"
"Oh I do. I look at Emilia every day, even when she's not here. We don't usually show our guests, but you, I think you will understand, no?"
"Understand? How do you mean?"
"You know Emilia was a model. Fashion, magazines, she was very famous at one time. But me, I tell you what I did."
Franco sat down on a stool and continued.
"My job, I was a photographer when I met Emilia."
"Not the photographer that I was used to," Emilia laughed.
"No, this is true. I take pictures of beautiful women though. Let me show you." He gestured to Emilia and she came back with another photo album. Franco looked inside the first page and nodded his approval, before placing it down on the table in front of us.
There was the young Emillia, just as beautiful as I'd remembered from the last night. But in this first image she was topless. She was covering her nipples with an arm which pushed her large breasts upwards and made for a superb cleavage. And on her bottom half she wore some shiny, tiny shorts, metallic silver in colour.
Katie was the first to speak.
"I think I'm in for a good night again," she speculated, wide eyed. I wondered where this was going - topless, albeit with some concealment of her assets on the first page. Would we see these lovely breasts uncovered? Katie looked as interested as me. Franco spoke to Emilia in Italian again, and she seemed to like whatever he said. She pulled a chair out between Katie and me, sat down, and turned the page.
Page two was more of the same, some lovely pictures, but no actual nudity. But when she turned the page again, my prayers were answered. There she was, our host, hands on hips and facing the camera full-on, her heavy and yet very firm looking breasts completely on display.
"There you go," Katie spoke up. "This is so beautiful, Emilia - so sexy. Isn't she amazing, Dan?"
"She certainly is," I agreed. I had wondered if I'd be able to raise another erection, so active had we been in the last twenty-four hours. But I needn't have worried. This situation had me, if possible, harder than ever. And Katie knew it.
Franco was looking on, unusually silent, as his wife took us through the photo album featuring her in various poses which showed off her magnificent body. Her breasts were the main focus, but as we got towards the end things got even racier - although the silver shorts stayed on, one picture in particular stood out, as Emilia sat upright in an armchair, breasts free and gravity-defying. But rather than sitting knees together as she had in previous shots, in this one she had each leg hooked over an arm of the chair, forcing her legs wide apart. If it wasn't for the shorts it would have been almost obscene, but their presence, hiding the prize within, gave the picture enough to guess at to make for a simply superb picture.
This was the last one in the album. It was again time to close up, and I was again rock-hard. Even worse, the beach shorts I wore were even less able to conceal my arousal than the trousers I'd worn yesterday. Katie's eyes were fixed on the ridiculous looking tent I'd created again. Although they didn't say anything, I got the feeling that Franco and Emilia had also noticed this time - it would have been hard not to.
Keeping with the tradition of the previous night, Katie again received a rough fucking from behind - this time we hardly made it ten metres from Franco's before I had her bent over a bench.
"You really like this old lady taking you through all her dirty pictures, don't you Dan," she teased as I pumped in and out of her frantically.
"Yeah I fucking do," I confirmed. "But so do you, you little slut, sitting there in your bikini. You'd fucking love it, getting dirty pictures taken, wouldn't you?"
"Oh, too fucking right I would," she agreed. "Are you going to be my personal photographer? Like Franco?"
My answer was another large load of semen, pumped up inside my wife without any further ado.
This set the tone for the next day. I actually woke Katie up with the camera snapping her as she slept, and the morning was punctuated by at least three photo sessions as we tried to replicate some of Emilia's work. The whole thing was incredibly arousing to both of us, and we eventually decided to leave the house as the rigours of the past couple of days was starting to have an effect on me, and, whilst it was hard to resist, I needed some recharge time.
Katie was not so restricted though, and she was very keen to visit the beach again. Rather than stick in one spot, we walked hand-in-hand along the beach, both of us naked from the waist up, although nobody seemed interested in me, judging by the stares we received as we sauntered along - all eyes were on Katie. The fact that she'd opted for a minuscule thong as her only clothing was probably helping.
As we reached the end of the beach a path snaked upwards through some grass, so we decided to continue, and headed up and past some dunes to see what was around the corner. The path continued for a little while, and we could see another beach coming into view. Curiously, although it looked similar to the busy beach we'd just left, this one was very sparsely populated. We came to some steps, where a sign stood. It had a large 'no entry' sign, and some Italian words we didn't recognise.
"Oh!" Katie said, suddenly, as she tried to work out what it said. I think I know what this one means!" She was pointing at one word in delight - 'nudista'.
I knew what it meant.
"So you want to go the full monty now then?" Katie laughed. "You are turning into quite the exhibitionist," I teased.
"There's hardly anyone there anyway - let's go and take a look." I had no time to offer a counter as she grabbed my hand and skipped down the steps.
The beach was much more sparsely populated, as you'd imagine. But there were still plenty of bodies around. Most were old and wrinkly, but there was the odd youngish couple, as well as one group of around ten men and women.
"I wonder how that works," I pondered as we passed. All of them were completely naked, but otherwise were behaving exactly as the patrons of the last, mostly-clothed beach we just left, reading, drinking and chatting, all whilst getting a completely all-over tan. "I mean, do they ring up their mates and ask if they are coming to the beach at the weekend - oh and by the way, you won't need to bring your speedos?"
Katie giggled.
"It's a good point. I mean, it's fun coming here with you, but I wouldn't think it's the place for a works day out..."
I snorted, but turned again to look, trying to work out any scenario where a group would descend on a nude beach like this.
"It's a different mindset over here I guess," I shrugged.
We found a spot, and Katie immediately pulled down her thong, leaving herself totally naked. I hesitated.
"Come on then, big boy," she stood, daring me.
"Fine," I laughed, and dropped my shorts.
Despite everyone being naked too, I noticed that familiar feeling of eyes on my wife as we enjoyed the air on all of our extremities. She was a head turner whether fully clothed or completely naked, it seemed.
"It is quite liberating, isn't it?," I ventured.
"It really is," Katie agreed. I could get used to this. It is quite sexy too, but not in the way I thought. Quite empowering."
"Oh empowering, is it," I teased. "Get you." Katie slapped me playfully. With each day I felt closer to her, and almost by the hour I was losing any sense of jealousy - even going so far as to encourage her to part her legs slightly for some racy pictures, knowing that at least three groups of people would get a real eyeful as she did so. And, equally, she was happy to comply - in fact I got the sense that there was very little she was not willing and eager to try, now that we'd experienced this awakening, as I'd started to term it.
And this was proved right later that evening.
The evening's visit to Franco's had begun with a real bombshell.
"Ah, our favourite friends," Franco had welcomed us. Emilia had joined him immediately. There were no other guests just yet, we were the first to arrive. "You had a lovely time yesterday, I know, eh?"
"We did," said Katie.
"We know you did," Emilia beamed. You have a lovely time right on the bench over there, no?"
I flushed red immediately. We'd fucked on the bench right around the back of the restaurant, without a care of who might have been watching. And it turned out our hosts had seen the whole thing. I consoled myself in the knowledge that, although it would have been very obvious what we were doing, there would have been nothing overly graphic. I simply bent Katie over and fucked her, hard and thoroughly for no more than about five minutes.
I felt like turning and leaving in embarrassment - how do you converse with someone who has stood and watched you having sex?
Katie, intriguingly, and totally in character with her new mindset, had no problem making light of it.
"OK, we just couldn't wait. Well I'll be honest, Dan just couldn't wait. That's the second night in a row he's pounced on me like that. And it's totally your fault, Emilia, getting him all worked up with your dirty pictures."
"Dirty?" Emilia looked a little offended. Katie explained, as the meaning was a little lost in translation.
"Ahh, OK," Emilia smiled, once she'd been given some examples. "So you and Dan, you are dirty little people, on the bench, no?"
"Yes!" Katie agreed, delighted.
Our evening went very similarly to the previous ones, once the other guests left we were again treated to a history of Franco and Emilia's 'Dirty Photos' as Emilia now gleefully referred to them.
And they did definitely start to venture into territories which could be described as 'dirty'. Franco was a superb photographer, and the photographs he took of his wife were very professional. But gradually they became less artistic and more explicit. Not that any of us were complaining.
Just like the previous nights, Franco watched on as Emilia flicked through the photo albums. Tonight we were treated to four. More than the pasta, or the scenery, this was the main attraction for us at Franco's, as much as it seemed to be theirs, showing Emilia off to us.
The content kept on getting more blatantly sexual, until we ended the last of the four albums with a pose similar to the one that had driven me over the edge last night. Emilia was in the same chair, and pretty much the same pose. But there were no sexy silver shorts saving her modesty. She was spreadeagled, and her hairy pussy was pouting out at us proudly. She looked at us confidently from the photo album, and her older self was just as confident, proudly showing us her sexual allure from all those years ago.
"Oh fucking hell," Katie had become more serious as the pictures of Emilia had become more overtly sexual. My cock, as we all knew it would, was fighting against the material of my trousers, although I'd sensibly chosen tighter and stronger denim jeans this evening, so I was able to conceal my erection to a certain extent.
"Pretty dirty, eh?" Emilia smiled, clearly very proud of the job she was doing on us young and attractive people (well, one of us was definitely attractive, anyway).
"Hey, you think this is dirty, to me this is beautiful, very elegant, no?" Franco was pointing at the picture of his wife displaying her cunt, legs splayed wide apart for his camera. To me, an archetypal dirty photo. Very sexy, very beautiful, no doubt. But I definitely wouldn't have described it as elegant. I wondered what his idea of a dirty picture would be.
It was again time to retire. And as usual, I was rock hard, and Katie, I presumed, dripping wet.
"Well I think you've done it again," she giggled, clearly the worse for wear with all the wine we'd again consumed. "I wonder if we can make it past the bench this time!" Her hand lovingly made its way down to my cock, rubbing very obviously at the front of my jeans, right in front of our hosts.
"You gonna give us another show?" Franco smiled genially. Emilia still sat with the photo of herself spread open for our viewing pleasure on the table, but turned to us with interest at Franco's question.
"Well, there's the question. What do you think, Dan," She continued to rub my cock through my jeans. Without waiting for an answer, Katie sank to her knees. Before I had any time to properly register, she'd yanked down my fly and released my throbbing, solid cock from its constraints. All of a sudden there I was, standing in this lovely Italian couple's restaurant as they watched my wife set to work on my cock.
Katie, as I think I mentioned previously, had never previously given me a blowjob unprompted. And now here she was, on her knees, smiling up at our hosts as she parted her lips and pushed down on my shaft. I felt the end hitting the back of her throat but, instead of pulling back, she pushed further until almost my whole length was inside her mouth and throat.
"Fucking hell!" I exclaimed. Even in these unusual circumstances, this was a surprise. I had no idea she had the capacity to do this, and I made a mental note to quiz her about it later. But now was not the time.
Franco and Emilia looked on admiringly as Katie demonstrated her prowess at fellatio. For a brief period, I felt a sickening feeling of self-consciousness and embarrassment wash over me. Here I was cock sticking right out of my jeans with these two relative strangers watching on. However when I saw Katie's hand making its way down between her legs, this was abruptly forgotten.
"Ah, bellissimo!" Emilia clapped her hands together at the sight of Katie taking as much of my cock as she could manage, whilst her fingers delved between her legs rhythmically. Every so often she would pull back, and work my shaft firmly whilst sucking on the end, her tongue flicking around it in an incredible motion.
"Jesus, Katie," I started. Her eyes caught mine on a few occasions, but in the main she was focussed on our hosts. I found this superbly exciting, she was very much putting on a show for them, as a reward for the photo show they had given us for the past few days.
Despite the wine, and the slight awkwardness I felt at the situation, I couldn't hold back.
"Oh for fuck's sake" I stammered. "I'm cumming!"
I had no idea what to expect from this new, improved wife 2.0. In the past I'd have pulled away, and wanked over her tits or, if I was feeling brave, her face. But I decided that she was clearly in control of this situation, so I'd just arm her with the information she needed and let her manage things from there.
And manage she did. She felt my cock twitching as I approached orgasm. Just as I started to pump out my thick white sperm, she pulled back slightly, pulling my shaft with firm strokes. Her mouth remained steadfastly open, the end of my cock remaining in contact with her tongue as she milked every drop of sperm into her mouth - all the while keeping unblinking eye contact with me, her eyes simply telling me to give her everything, this was what she wanted.
She kept going for at least a minute, strokes getting slower and more deliberate. I glanced at Franco and Emilia, who were entranced by the sight. Katie's hand was still working away between her legs as she turned her head to the couple, showing them her mouthful of sperm, before gulping it down with a sexy smile.
I stood like that silently, Katie still grasping my cock. Although I was spent, she certainly wasn't. Her hand had become a blur as she worked firmly at her clitoris. We could hear her arousal, as there was a squelching sound with every movement.
We all stood there in reverence, it's difficult to remember how long it was, but I'd guess about five minutes until Katie brought herself to orgasm. This was not only the first time Franco and Emilia had witnessed this, it was also the first time I had seen my own wife reach orgasm. And it was a superb sight to behold.
Just as her breathing intensified, she switched from rubbing her clit frantically to pushing two fingers in and out urgently, then back again. As everything reached its crescendo, she moaned loudly. Emilia almost shouted her encouragement.
"Oh, fuck. Oh fuck."
"That's right, you dirty little girl, it feels so good, yes?"
Then Franco joined in.
"You like eating up the sperma, puttana. You like looking at my wife's pussy, eh?"
Katie clearly loved this, being egged on by her audience, and was soon shaking in pleasure. Her orgasm seemed to go on and on. Just as I thought it was dying down, her hand picked up speed and she was right back in it again. But eventually she slowed and finally stopped. She was still grasping my cock, and it had hardly subsided. She gave it a final, loving lick and released it, allowing me to return it back into the depths of my jeans.
Katie still knelt on the floor, her hand still firmly between her legs.
"Wow, what a show!" Franco clapped, and Emilia joined in. I wasn't sure whether I was included in the congratulations, so I simply smiled and nodded. Katie stood and gathered herself, a little shaky on her feet after the powerful orgasm she'd just given herself.
"Well, it looks like I needed that!" she joked. "You've done it again, Emilia, you see the effect you have on us?"
We were only five days into our holiday. Where, I wondered, was this going next?
The next morning I was again awake before Katie. And my erection was way ahead of me. My mind was all over the place. What had happened to my wife? From wanting the light off during our once-a-month, drunken fumbles, to bringing us both to orgasm in front of an audience.
I needed some time to try to get my head around this. Katie obliged by not stirring for at least an hour. Before I could even think about it from Katie's perspective, I needed to get my own thoughts straight. In the heat of the moment, I was clearly fine with people watching my wife sucking my cock. And the thought of her on her knees, shuddering to such an obviously fulfilling orgasm in front of other people, well... I searched within myself but I found that there wasn't an ounce of displeasure, worry, shame or embarrassment from my perspective at all.
It was as if Katie's new-found liberation had marched into my consciousness, and simply driven out all the twisted, jealous thoughts which had resided there for so long. I remembered her reaction - visibly twitching as Franco had egged her on, loving being the centre of attention. The more I thought about it, the harder I got, and the more I realised that this had to be a permanent change.
The one thing that I couldn't work out was where it had come from, all of a sudden. Why had we been struggling to get along so much for the last four years of marriage.
When she finally awoke, I ran all of this past her - how much I was enjoying this new path she'd suddenly veered down. But what had brought it on?
"Honestly, Dan, I feel like I've always been in here, like this. But I had no idea you'd like it. The only reaction I've even seen from you, back home, when someone finds me sexy, was pure rage. I think this holiday felt a bit like the end of the road for me - for us, I mean. You must have felt that too?"
"Yeah, I did. You're right. But I do still feel like you could have maybe shown a bit more - just a little bit more, you know, of this." I just gestured at her, as the whole package was now so perfect.
"Maybe. You might be right, maybe I could have been different, then maybe you would have been too. But I could say the same about you, and where does that get us? We're in such a good place now, I really feel so good about us, about our marriage. And there's no doubt why that is."
"Sex," I answered, bluntly."
"Yep," she smiled. "Isn't it just so good?"
I couldn't disagree. I showed her just how good, pulling the duvet down, my cock springing up as it was unveiled. I started masturbating, slowly.
"If anyone had told me some of the things you'd be doing, even just last week, I'd have laughed at them," I breathed. "I had no idea you had this in you."
"I did," Katie said. But I had no idea I'd be in a place where it was OK for it all to come out. I really feel like I might be, now - like I might be able to truly express myself, sexually. How about you?"
"I have no idea where it's going to end up. You've surprised me every day. All I can say is I've gone from being terrified of strangers eying you up fully dressed in a bar, to positively loving them seeing you stark naked on the beach."
"Oh really?"
Katie had followed my lead, and was playfully rubbing her clit as I continued to pull the loose skin around my iron penis up and down, gripping firmly and moving just quickly enough to feel a lovely wave of pleasure with each stroke which made my eyes close involuntarily for a moment.
"Really. Day one I still had a bit of jealousy left there. But yesterday, on the beach, it was just so perfect, so right, when you opened your legs just enough so that everyone got a little bit of an eyeful."
"Speaking of eyefuls, what about Emilia? That's what you call spreading your legs!"
"Oh god - I'm sorry, I just can't help myself with those old pictures - and her just happily showing us, getting dirtier and dirtier - it's so hot."
"Don't be sorry, husband dearest," there was real love in her eyes. Her hand increased pace between her legs, and I saw a finger slip inside occasionally. "Emilia has been a real inspiration to me. I'd love to do some more pictures today, maybe I can be as hot as she was."
"No problem, you are just as hot - hotter. I can't help wondering what else they've got tucked away though. I get the feeling we've just scratched the surface."
"Well, we'll find out later - we are going back, right?" Katie looked anxious for a second. I'll admit that part of me would have perhaps avoided the place for the remainder of the holiday. After what we'd done, it did make things a bit awkward when I thought about it. But Franco and Emilia hadn't seemed weird or awkward at all, and Emilia had spent the past few days revealing more and more of herself to us. There was no way I'd miss seeing what kind of display she might have for us next..
"Don't forget the round of applause we got!" she smiled.
"You got," I corrected her. "I don't think I was the star of that particular show."
"Maybe not, but you definitely played a very important part," she cocked her head, encouraging me to remember the events of the previous evening, as if I could forget.
"Oh yeah, since when have you done that, anyway? In your mouth, I mean." Despite the change in our relationship of the past few days. I was still finding it difficult to speak in a straightforward and clear manner about this sort of thing.
"You mean take your cum in my mouth? And swallow it?" she asked, innocently. Katie had no such hangups and more. I loved her talking like this, and clearly so did she. At her words I began pulling on my cock much harder, and Katie had also clearly got a buzz out of it, as she switched to fingering herself, squelching two and then three fingers in and out very quickly. We kept this up, silently, for around thirty seconds or so before I slowed, feeling an orgasm sneaking up on me.
"Fuck, wow." I said, acknowledging the unspoken connection as we both got ourselves off on the thought of just how filthy Katie had been last night - and that we were both so OK with it. I struggled to recall where we were in our conversation for a minute. "Yeah, I mean, you've never done that before - it was so hot. Why have we never done that before?
"I'll say again, when have you ever tried to do it? For all you saying I was useless in bed, when did you ever actually see me refusing to do anything? I was there, waiting, every day, every night. You could have been cumming in my mouth whenever you wanted."
"Really?"
Katie nodded.
"Really. I've not done it before, but that was hot, feeling my mouth so full of that sticky, salty mess. That's what set me over the edge, everyone watching me get so dirty. There's not much I'll not do, seriously. But I'll admit that I could have advertised it better," she conceded.
Similarly to the previous day, we spent the day taking pictures, but this time branched out and took the camera outside. Katie, inspired by what we'd seen from Emilia, was really pushing things. Any opportunity and her legs parted obligingly for my camera and I got some superbly naughty shots of her on the beach, at the top of the town's bell-tower, even in the supermarket.
Eventually we returned home and prepared for another evening at Franco's.