Disclaimer: This story contains hints exhibition, voyeurism, and swinging.
All characters are of legal age.
—1—
The room was lit only by the light of the television playing some commercial he couldn't make out as it was interrupted by the silhouette of a woman. Henry paused in the doorway, paralyzed as watched her silhouetted tits bounce. She hopped up and down on another figure, the sound of flesh-on-flesh barely masked by the T.V.
This wasn't the first time he had walked in on someone having sex; his college roommates were constantly bringing girls back to their closet-like dorm room and not even bothering to warn him until he got an eyeful of a sloppy blowjob — but this was different.
In the few days after graduation, Henry had a rough time finding a job and an even worse time finding a cheap apartment to live in while he searched for one. It shouldn't have been that hard, but no one wanted to room with a jobless 24-year-old that might not be able to pay his rent in a month or two. With three days left until he would be forced out of his dorm and the lingering threat of having to move back in with his parents, Henry posted an ad. The website he used had a bad reputation for weird things happening, and perhaps he should have been warier, but he was desperate.
He wrote a small paragraph about himself, his situation, and posted it. There was nothing for two days. Then, as he was staring at his phone, trying to bring himself to dial his parents' phone number, the notification popped up. PRIVATE MESSAGE from THOMAS D.
His heart raced as he opened the chat message. Thomas's response was plain if a little... off.
Saw your thread. I'm looking for a roommate for my 2/bed downtown apt, 450/month. But I've got a few rules. You up for that?
What kind of rules?he answered.
Come seen the place tomorrow. I'll leave a key under the rug.
If he were being honest with himself, it sounded like a murder in the making but he was desperate. Looking around at all his things in boxes, he typed back:You're not a murderer, are you?
Bartender. Close enough, right?
What's the address?
Thomas sent him the address. It was late the next day by the time Henry finished packing his stuff into the car, but thankfully it didn't take long for him to find the apartment. It was located right in the heart of downtown and only a few miles from the firm he had an interview with that Friday. He couldn't believe his luck finding a place so nice. If everything went right and he didn't end up dead in the next hour, it would be too good to be true.
He climbed the stairs to the third floor, found the apartment number and the small silver key hidden under the welcome mat. It felt weird to just walk into the place, so he knocked. No answer. He should have walked away, but his desperate situation kept him there.
"Thomas, it's Henry. I'm coming in," he said as he turned the key in the lock. That was when he was greeted by the T.V. and the sounds of sex. "U-um—"
The silhouette of the woman didn't flinch or slow at the sound of his voice, but the guy who's dick she was riding grunted. "You Henry?"
Surprise took his voice as he tried to look anywhere but the porno in front of him.
"Turn the lights on. The switch next to the door."
Henry spun on his heel — grateful for the moment of reprieve as his jeans had become rather tight — and flipped on the light. He didn't dare turn back around as the couch creaked. "I'm sorry, I can -- I can come back."
"Why would you do that?"
Henry tried to focus on the slow country crawl of Thomas' voice and the distant rush of the highway coming through the open door instead of the knowledge that he had just cockblocked his potential new roommate. "I -- uh, well. You're busy."
"It's nothing." Thomas was standing just behind him now, though there wasn't even a hint of embarrassment in his voice. "I was beginning to think you weren't comin'."
Henry turned slowly, hoping the man had at least pulled on a pair of boxers between the couch and the door, but no. He hadn't. Either Thomas was high out of his mind that he didn't realize his junk was in full view of the open door, or he just didn't care. Henry didn't know which was worse.
He stuck out his hand. "Thomas. Nice to meet you."
"...Henry," he nodded, shaking the proffered hand if only to distract himself from the naked woman still standing in front of the television. She hadn't bothered to cover herself either. What kind of people...? "Are you sure this is a good time? I mean, I don't want to interrupt your" --he laughed nervously, eyeing the woman's curves-- "good time."
"What? Aw," Thomas glanced over his shoulder, waving him down. "Look, I like sex." He gestured to himself. "And I hate clothes. You're not like, celibate or anything, are you?"
Startled, Henry stuttered, "No — no."
"Then close the door and I'll show you around."
Henry didn't move. Did he really need a room that badly?
Thomas sighed. "C'mon, man. I've got an empty room and you need a place. No harm in looking around, is there?"
He wasn't wrong. And Henry really didn't want to sleep in his car tonight.
"...yeah. Sure."
"Great. Shut the door, it's fucking cold out there."
He shut the door.
Thomas rubbed his forearms, stepping back into the warmth of the apartment. Henry cautiously followed. "Um, hello," he gave a small, apoptotic wave to the girl who was staring blankly at them. She looked bored. "Sorry for the interruption."
Thomas waved him off. "Don't be offended if she doesn't talk. She's just a Bot."
"Bot?" Henry froze mid-stride. Of course, he knew about them, but he'd never seen one in person before. He knew some millionaire named D'Angelo managed to convince some big wigs that sexual release correlated with higher test scores and better life expectancy and a few years later the first Bots' were released to the public. Created to mimic the human body, they were made to satisfy every human desire. They were rare and expensive and usually reserved for Relief Centers that catered to frat boys and the honor students, of which Henry was neither. His college roommates raved for days about a Bot they'd fucked over at Sigma Pi. "You have one?"
"One?" Thomas chuckled. "My dad's a manufacturer. I occasionally get a few to test. This one is Eliza." He tweaked the girl's dark brown nipple. She didn't flinch, dark eyes fixed straight ahead and a look of pure lust on her face. "I've got a few more in my room. More than I can fuck, really. Feel free to use 'em."
Henry had to pry his eyes away from the dark patch of hair over Eliza's pussy, cock throbbing against his zipper. "Really?"
"Sure," he shrugged, "just a few rules. You know, clean up your cum when you're done, that sort of thing."
Thomas led Henry down that short hall to the door on the left, which he swung open with gusto. The room was large and decorated in naked women. Two of them stood up against the far wall: a redhead and a brunette. The redhead's tits were large and perky, her chest flush and pink lips puffy as if someone had recently fucked them. The brunette had rich dusky skin, long hair pulled back into a curly ponytail, and wide hips. Henry took a breath, his sensitive cock straining inside his pants. It must have been months since the last time he'd gotten off with something more than his hand and now he was being offered pussy on a platter.
"Kate, Ingrid." Thomas pointed to each of the girls in turn. "Their models' are releasing in July."
Henry had started to rub himself through his jeans when he saw a third girl standing in the other corner of the room, her eyes were bright and blue and pleading. She seemed to be the only one who was looking at him instead of through him.
"What's that one?"
"Brooke," Thomas said lazily. He, too, had begun to massage himself in his hand. "An original model and pretty outdated. She's really only good for Turning."
"Turning?"
"Fuck, man. It's some kind of technical mumbo-jumbo my dad says all the time. All I know is that she's broken. She's got some sort of glitch or something and I'm not supposed to fuck her."
What a shame, Henry thought. If Kate and Ingrid looked real, Brooke could have told him off for staring and it wouldn't have surprised him.
Thomas crossed his arms. "You gonna fuck one or not?"
Henry pried his eyes away from Brooke's wanting expression. If he had been in his right mind, he never would have been comfortable unbuckling his belt and exposing his raging hardon in front of a stranger. But desire had a way of clouding his thoughts as he stepped closer to Ingrid. Running a hand along her dewy skin, he could have convinced himself she was real. Her lips were thick and heart-shaped, parted slightly as if in anticipation. He wanted them around his cock, but how was he supposed to get her on her knees?
"How do I...?"
"Just say what you want. Their programming will do the rest."
Henry shifted, awkwardly. "Um... suck my dick."
Ingrid responded immediately. She bent, her tits bouncing as she knelt. "Yes, sir."
He could have cum right then, but he held back. Ingrid leaned forward, her eyes on his as he guided his swollen cock to her lips. She took him in easily, lips stretching taught around him, her warmth making him tingle. Henry sighed in relief as she took the initiative and bobbed up and down his shaft, taking more and more of him as she worked.
Henry couldn't believe it. He was being sucked off by his new roommate's Bot. How could he have gotten so lucky?
Grinning and massaging his own hardon, Thomas clapped him hard on the shoulder. "Welcome to the apartment."