A girl goes on holiday to find ways to live her exhibitionist fantasies.
Part 1
Hi, my name is Sadie and I'm an exhibitionist.
No, I'm not at a meeting of exhibitionists anonymous I'm at home, my own small apartment typing this story. It starts about six months ago when I broke off my relationship with a young man that I'd been going out with for nearly a year. Why did I break up with him? Well basically he turned out to be a prude.
We'd been making love in all sorts of places getting more daring as time went on. The bust up came when he said that he wanted to confine our love-making to our bedroom. Me, on the other hand, I wanted to get more daring, having sex where the chances of being seen got higher and higher.
He started calling me a slut, a whore and lots of other names so I told him to do one.
We'd been talking about going on a holiday to Ibiza where I was hoping to hit the nude beaches but after the bust up I gave up on that idea, well for a few weeks anyway, then I started thinking and decided that I'd go on my own so that I could live out all my fantasies without anyone trying to hold me back, so I started planning again.
Now would probably be a good time to describe myself. I'm 22, of average height, slim, light brown shortish hair and 'A' cup tits. Some people say that I'm bow legged but I'm not, it's just that there's a bigger than average gap between my thighs at the top which tends to show my slit and clit that for some reason doesn't have much of a hood, nor do I have any inner lips to talk about. No 'butterfly' that people talk about.
That's enough about me for now, back to the planning.
I wanted a hotel in the middle of a lively resort so San Antonio shone out. I didn't want a big or expensive hotel believing that they would probably have more rules about dress code. The other thing was that I wanted a hotel that was on a busy pedestrian street with a room that had a balcony overlooking that street.
It took a few nights searching but eventually I found one that could offer me a room that met my criteria and was available for the two weeks in August that I wanted. Next I had to find a flight. Unfortunately I couldn't get one from the nearest airport and I had to get one from Gatwick which was a three hour train(s) journey away.
Flight and hotel booked I started doing more research about Ibiza, San Antonio, the beaches and the public transport. I decided on public transport rather than hiring a car because a car is too private and I intended to be seen not hide in a car.
My next challenge was to sort out what clothes and accessories I would be taking with me. Fortunately I know how to sew and I have a sewing machine. I made a list of the clothes that I wanted and got busy, What I couldn't make I bought.
When the weather improved I tried out some of the more conservative clothes going into town and wandering around the streets and parks with desired results of men getting glimpses of my tits and bald pussy because I'd stopped wearing bras and knickers soon after I became a single woman again.
*****
It finally came to the day that I was going on holiday. I had to get up a four in the morning to catch a train to Gatwick and it was chilly out but that didn't bother me, the excitement that my holiday had started was enough to keep me warm and I closed the door to my little apartment wearing only a thin, pleated microskirt that I could hardly feel and a thin, silky, sleeveless, button front blouse that is a baggy fit and doesn't hide my pokies when the material lays against my chest. My nipples that were hard because of the cold, the thin top and the knowledge that people would be seeing my bare breasts when I leant forwards together with that short skirt that could easily be lifted by the breeze or rise up when I bent over made me a happy girl.
It wasn't far to walk to the train station but my skirt was fluttering about in the slight breeze and I was sure that if anyone was around they would have got glimpses of my butt and slit. I already had my ticket so it was straight to the platform which involved climbing up a lot of steps, going over a bridge then going down the same number of steps.
I wasn't the only person catching the early morning train and quite a few people passed me as I climbed the steps lifting my suitcase from step to step. It was an ideal opportunity for people to look up the back of my skirt and I saw a few men look back at me, hopefully wanting to see the front of the girl who's bare butt they had just seen.
Going down the other side was much easier with the help of gravity then it was standing on the platform waiting for the train. I have never been on a train platform that wasn't windy and this one was no exception and I could see my skirt blowing all over the place, me pretending that I didn't know it was happening.
On the train my seat was reserved, one of four, two sets of two facing each other and fortunately no table between them. With my suitcase safely in the racks I sat in my aisle seat, my skirt going up at the back and me sitting on my bare bottom. No one came to claim the other three seats in the set of four and I was able to relax and let my knees drift apart allowing anyone walking along the aisle towards me to be able to see up my skirt and see my bald pubis and the front of my slit.
I was wearing my sunglasses so I could easily pretend to be sleeping and still watch the people walking towards me and looking down to see what they weren't expecting to see and I was pleased to see that most of the men walking along the aisle did look down at the girl who had gone to sleep and as accidentally exposing herself.
So far my holiday was going exactly as planned.
As the two hour journey progressed I got more lazy the way I sat and my butt slid down the seat a bit more and my knees opened a little more. A few people getting on and off and walking down the aisle got a pleasant surprise as they passed me.
The train arrived at the station in North London only ten minutes late and I had then to get across London on the underground to catch the Gatwick Express to the airport. If you think that overground train stations are windy you will say that underground station have a gale blowing through them.
I'd planned my journey with plenty of time to allow me to go up and down the escalators a few times and I did just that hoping that when I was going up the people behind me would be able to see up my skirt that was blowing all over the place. I made things more interesting for those voyeurs by standing with my feet about shoulder width apart.
Another reason why I was grateful for the breeze was that it was drying my pussy juices that were running down the insides of my thighs.
By the time that I caught the underground train to Victoria Station the rush hour was in full flow. Instead of going the direct route to Victoria I had deliberately gone on the Circle Line so that I was on the underground trains for longer. I only just managed to get in the train due to the huge number of people trying to get to work and I deliberately stood with one leg either side of my case to make sure that I didn't loose sight of it, and that, and my short pleated skirt made me a target for the underground rush hour gropers. Something else that I had hoped for.
The train was so crowded that people were right up me even though my suitcase was taking up more space than my feet. It took a few stations but I eventually felt a hand on my bare thigh. When I didn't turn and slap the nearest person the hand started to slide up and before long it was probing my very wet pussy.
As well as finger fucking me those fingers played with my clit and by the time the train had gone through four stations I was having my first orgasm of my holiday and making the man's hand very wet.
The hand withdrew, the number of people on the train diminished and the train was arriving at Victoria. My skirt again blew all over the place until I got onto the Gatwick Express and I managed to get a seat for the thirty minute journey. As it was only thirty minutes, and I didn't deliberately try to flash anyone and I didn't look to see if anyone was looking at me but I had sat with my legs not crossed and my knees slightly apart.
In the airport it was busy with holidaymakers planning to go all over the world a lot of them rushing to get to their gates on time. Because I had an e-ticket all I had to do was print out a luggage ticket then check-in my case. The only opportunities for something interesting to happen was when I had to apply the luggage ticket and then bend to lift the case onto the conveyor belt and I took those opportunities to bend over for as long as possible hoping that some people behind me would get to see my bare butt and pussy between my cheeks.
When I stood back up straight and turned around I did see a couple of people staring at me with blank faces, not really giving any indication that they had seen my goodies.
Then it was through customs and security where I hoped that I would get taken to one side and strip searched but I wasn't that lucky.
Because I had given myself plenty of time to get there and everything had gone well I had over two hours to wait before I could board my plane so I took the opportunity to find places where I could sit very lazily and maybe pretend to fall asleep and let my knees drift further apart. I guessed that if anyone saw up my skirt and weren't happy they wouldn't complain to anyone because it would take time and they might miss their plane.
I also unfastened most of the buttons on my blouse. With my small tits I don't have a cleavage but if my blouse gapes open it is easy to see a tit and nipple.
I found a seat opposite a group of young men and perched my bare butt on the front edge of the chair and leaned back. I had put my sunglasses back on after coming through security and I watched the young men, waiting for them to notice that they could see up my skirt. It didn't take long.
As I pretended to doze I watched as the guys got themselves into the best position to see my pussy, some of them even swapping places at times so that they all got a good look. I even let my knees drift further apart. What surprised me was that none of them got their phones out and took some photos.
That show ended when over the PA I heard an announcement that a flight to Palma was now boarding.
Once they were gone I went to one of the fast food joints and got a snack then sat at a table to eat and drink. I chose a table in an open area that had a busy walkway next to it and moved a chair so that it was facing the direction that people would come from to get to their departure gate. Again I sat lazily with my knees apart so that the approaching people could see my bald pussy and slit and clit if they looked
I stayed there sat like that for a good thirty minutes and through my sunglasses I determined that only about five percent of people noticed me and only about half of them looked for as long as they could whilst still walking. In a way I was disappointed.
My flight was finally called and I headed to the gate. I'd expected to board the plane via an air-bridge but the plane was parked some distance away and the passengers had to board buses to get to it. People were jammed into the buses but there were no wandering hands although a tall man was stood next to me and I'm sure that he was looking down my blouse. After I first saw him looking I adjusted the sides giving him impression that I was trying to give him nothing to see but I was actually making it so that he could see more of my tits. Unfortunately the bus journey was only a few minutes.
Getting onto the plane was another windy experience. The draught from all the engines of the planes taking off was making the area feel like we were in a gale. I'd managed to manoeuvrer myself so that some men followed me up the steps and as we went up a couple of steps then waiting for a few seconds before doing the same again, I noticed that the men behind me had left a big gap so that their heads were at my butt height. With the wind blowing I knew what they were doing.
Going through the plane door I held my clutch against my chest so that the cabin crew couldn't see that most of the buttons on my blouse were undone. I'd heard stories of girls being asked to leave a plane because they were showing too much skin and I didn't want to risk it.
However, once I was going down the aisle I moved my clutch away. As you probably know going down the aisle of a crowded plane with everyone trying to stow their luggage and sort their seats out at the same time makes progress slow and you often have to squeeze passed people and you brush up against them. This can be an opportunity for buttons to come undone and skirts to be pulled to one side or another and by the time I got to my row my skirt had been pulled to one side a few times and my pussy and butt had probably been displayed to the already sitting passengers a few times. Also I noticed that the rest of the buttons on my blouse had come undone and the two sides were just hanging there. My tits were covered but it would take very little for them not to be and I ignored the problem.
I had deliberately reserved a window seat in a block of three and when I got to my row I saw that the aisle and middle seat were already occupied by two young men.
"Excuse me, I need to be in the window seat." I said.
I'd expected them to unfasten their seat belts and move down the aisle so that I could get in but no, they just moved their knees to one side making it barely possible for me to almost climb over them to get to my seat.
I'm sure that you've all been on charter airline planes that have so little leg room that you are constantly knocking your knees on the seat in front, well this was one of those planes and it was a time consuming challenge to get first one leg then the other passed the legs of the seated young men. I decided to do it facing the young men and I'm 99 percent sure that they got a look at not only my pussy but my tits as well, especially as I hadn't fastened any of the buttons on my blouse.
By the time I sat down I was out of breath and my blouse was pulled to one side and one tit was out. I adjusted the blouse to cover both tits but I didn't fasten any buttons. I straightened my skirt before fastening my seat belt after making sure that the hem of the skirt was as high up my legs as I thought I could get away with.
The guy next to me soon started the small talk and we exchanged first names, where we were from and where we were going. It turned out that they were also going to San Antonio but to a different hotel but I didn't expect to see them again after we got off the plane.
The slightly over two hour flight was boring and I tried to get some sleep. Through my sunglasses I could see that both guys were staring at my chest a lot so I guessed that my blouse was open enough for them to see one of my tits.
The heat hit us as soon as the plane door opened but it was a good five minutes before I managed to go down the steps to the waiting buses. Again it was very windy and I didn't know if the whole island was windy or if it was caused by the numerous planes taking off. I did nothing to hold my skirt down, me not even looking to see if anyone had seen my bare butt and maybe pussy
Finally in the airport building there was the usual queues for security to give you that distrusting look as they scrutinise your passport and your face, then the waiting to collect your luggage before I was finally free to get to my hotel. Research had told me that the bus stop to San Antonio was just outside a particular exit and I easily found it and joined the queue of about thirty people waiting to catch the same bus.
When it arrived cases were stowed in the sides and people piled on. I'd calculated the journey distance and estimated that it should take about thirty minutes. However the bus didn't go the direct route and it was about ninety minutes later that we pulled into San Antonio bus station.
With the help of google maps I found my hotel about fifteen minutes later and from the outside it looked just what I wanted. The old man on reception either didn't notice my open blouse or he was way too old to appreciate my tits and five minutes later I was going up one floor in the lift and wheeling my case to my room.
The first thing that I did was take my blouse right off as I went to the glass then the shutter doors and opened them wide. The heat rushed in making the aircon useless but I saw that my balcony did indeed overlook the busy pedestrian street. I was topless and anyone could look up and see me at anytime.
Within seconds I was bottomless as well as my skirt went flying back into my room.
One of the reasons for selecting that hotel was that the balcony railing were just that, metal bars that were about ten cm apart. I could look over them or through them down to the street. Conversely, people on the street looking up could see me from head to ankles and at that moment my bare everything.
Across the narrow street was another hotel with balconies so close that I was sure that I could easily have a conversation with anyone stood on the balcony opposite.
After looking up and down the street a few times I looked down hoping that someone was looking up. Unfortunately I saw no one looking but I did see some tables and chairs that belonged to the little cafe diagonally opposite.
Happy with my room I turned and went inside leaving the doors wide open. Looking at the bed I realised that when I was laying on it I would be able to look out and see into the rooms opposite and they would be able to see into mine. A bonus I thought.
I quickly emptied my suitcase putting everything in drawers and the wardrobe then I got out what I was going to wear to go to the small shop down the road to get some bottles of water. I knew that I'd be drinking quite a lot of water.
What I chose to wear was just a sheer flowered pareo, my tits were clearly visible and below them the sheer material only just met in the front when I was just standing there. To keep them together I would have to stand still or hold the sides together.
With my purse in my hand I left my room, went through reception where the old man just gave me a quick look then I was out on the street in the bright sunlight. I looked down at my chest and could clearly see my tits with my dark nipples making pokies in the paero.
There were plenty of other scantily clad girls around but none that I could see with their tits, slit and clit visible through what they were wearing although I saw two girls wearing thong bikini bottom with uncovered butt cheeks.
I walked down the street with no one giving me a second glance.
In the shop I got a very large bottle of water and a couple of small ones, the young woman on the till giving me a strange look because my paero was open and she was be able to see my bald pubis and slit. So would anyone who cared to look during my walk back to the hotel.
Back in my room I changed into just a crotchless G-string (that I had made) and looked in the mirror to confirm that from the front it looked just like a normal G-string with my pubic bone covered then I grabbed a towel and sunglasses and went down to the hotel's swimming pool. To get there I had to go through the reception area but at the opposite side to where the old man was sitting and he didn't even look up. The pool wasn't very big and didn't have a lifeguard.
I wasn't the only topless girl there, there were only three couples there, one of the girls topless. I claimed a lounger then jumped into the pool and swam a couple of the short lengths just to freshen-up. Then it was sunbathing time, time to start my all-over tan.
After I'd spread my towel on the lounger I lay on my back and relaxed. It was the first time that I'd properly relaxed all day and in that sun it was wonderful. I spread my legs a little knowing that my pussy would now be on display.
Two of the couples there were in the pool and their head height was at about my pussy's level and with the head end of the lounger raised and my sunglasses on I watched to see if they noticed what was on display.
Just for the record, I much prefer men looking at me but I have no problem with girls looking as well. I'm not a lesbian but I have had a couple of experiences with girls and I wouldn't be opposed to jumping into bed with the right type of girl if the opportunity arose.
Anyway, it was one of the guys who first noticed my pussy and after staring for a few seconds he told the girl who was with him that my pussy wasn't covered. She turned and looked and they both stared for a good minute before they swam off. I noticed that after that they were right in front of each other and I wondered what they were doing under the water. If they were 'touching' each other I would have been pleased that I was the cause of their intimacy.
I'd been there about fifteen minutes when I saw two young men arrive. They walked round the pool and headed my way. I wondered if they were going to try to hit on me but they both looked down at my pussy and walked passed then took a couple of loungers a little further down. When they'd looked at my pussy it started tingling a bit and I was pleased that I'd thought of making a crotchless G-string.
The two guys dived into the pool and swam around a bit while I eased my legs further apart and pulled the G-string up a bit at the front so that my clit was uncovered then I waited. It wasn't long before they both surfaced and I watched them stare at my pussy for about a minute.
The sun was starting to go down so I decided to go back to my room. I waited until the two guys were at the end of the pool that I'd have to walk passed then I started walking, my little tits only slightly wobbling and my clit throbbing.
In reception the old man was dealing with two young men who looked like they had just arrived so I wandered around looking to see what was where. Basically not a lot of anything, It was a cheap hotel so I hadn't been expecting much and I wasn't disappointed.
One of the young men looked up and saw the girl who was only wearing a G-string and elbowed his mate who also looked up. I walked towards them, smiled then turned to go and walk up the stairs. Probably with them watching my bare butt.
The G-string came off as soon as I was in my room and I walked out onto the balcony. I sat on one of the chairs, put my feet up on the railing, spread them wide and watched the world go by. Anyone who looked up would be able to see my spread pussy, so would anyone in a few of the rooms in the hotel opposite if there had been anyone there.
It had been a long day and I was a little tired but not tired enough to stop me from idly rubbing my clit as I looked down on all the holidaymakers. Some looked to be coming back from the beach and some looked as though they were going out for the evening.
Night time was rapidly approaching and suddenly a street light came on. I hadn't thought about street lights during my holiday planning but this one was higher up than I was and was bathing me in a light orange light.
"Perfect." I thought. "It will light me up when I'm standing out here at night and people will be able to see me."
A girl appeared on the balcony of a room up a floor and diagonally opposite. I saw her look down to the street then across the street. As her head turned she saw me still rubbing my clit. After a few seconds staring I heard her say something and a young man came out and joined her. He was looking at her until she pointed my way then they both watched me as I continued rubbing.
Having a little audience made my orgasm arrive quicker and my head went back and my fingers went deep inside me as the waves of pleasure rode over me. Then I just let my hands fall to my sides and closed my eyes.
When I opened them the couple had gone and I wondered if my performance had prompted them to make love. I wondered how long it would be before a guy would hit on me and I'd think enough of him to let him fuck me. I watched the people walking along the street below for a while and was pleased to see what the girls were wearing as they walked towards the lively part of town. What I had seen on social media was right and I was pleased that I had come properly prepared.
It was time to think about getting something to eat and have the odd drink or two so I got up and went inside my room. As I entered I looked at my bed, most of it was bathed in the orange light from the street light. I put the room lights on and then sat on the bed in different positions and came to the conclusion that if I left the doors to the balcony open and the room light on the people in six or maybe more of the rooms in the hotel opposite would be able to see me laying on my bed, and I say ON my bed because it was so warm that I intended to leave the sheets underneath me. I would hopefully have voyeurs watching the naked me as I slept.
First it was a shower, the bathroom wasn't fantastic but it was adequate and clean and I had a lovely shower. I found that I could easily detach the shower head from the flexible hose and get a nice jet of water squirting against my clit. The other thing was, with the shower curtain open, the bathroom door open and the glass and shutter doors to the balcony open I could see two of the balconies of the hotel opposite. Which meant that if anyone was on those balconies they would be able to see me having a shower.
I was really liking that hotel.
Shower over it was time to decide what to wear. I settled on the man's string vest that I had bought on eBay. It's black and is long enough to cover my butt and pussy and the arm holes are low enough and big enough to show some side boob but if anyone wanted to see my tits they just had to look from the front. What's more the holes in the vest are big enough for my nipples to poke through, genuine pokies.
To go under the vest I got out one of my butt plugs, the one with the fake ruby in the end. I'd checked back at home and the ruby is clearly visible under that vest. I lubed it up and eased it into my butt. To complete my outfit I wore three inch heels and carried a little shoulder bag.
On my way out I went over to the reception desk. The old man had been replaced by a girl. I asked her if she had any maps of the island that had the best nudist beaches marked on it.
When she looked up she saw my tits through the vest but she ignored my exposure and went and got a map for me. I turned to watch her go and when she came back she came and stood at my side of the desk. There was no way that she couldn't have seen that the vest was all that I had on especially as she was looking at me when I opened the map and asked her which were the best nudist beaches and if there was a bus service running to them.
The girl kindly marked the beaches with an X and wrote the bus service number against them. Everything that she marked I already knew, I had got ll that information from the internet. I just wanted to see her reaction to what I was wearing. She had reacted, or should I say hadn't reacted, as I had hoped.
The other thing that I had hoped for was that it would have been a man receptionist. Maybe that would come in the following days but I was one step nearer to being in reception totally naked.
Outside lots of people were going up and down the street. Girls were wearing everything from long dresses to just thong bikini bottoms. A few girls were wearing horrible looking one piece swim suits with decorations attached to make them look like they were going clubbing like that. Most of those one piece suits were of the thong variety. In fact I would say that a good thirty percent of the girls had their butt cheeks exposed.
I started walking towards the part of the town that has the most bars and eating places and I didn't feel at all under dressed. In fact I even thought that I could get away with just wearing one of my crotchless G-strings because no one was staring at me. Then I rationalised that it was night time and not everywhere was lit as bright as daylight.
The further I went the more I reasoned that at least one evening I was going to go out wearing just one of my crotchless G-strings.
After exploring the nightlife of that part of town and seeing how lively it was I chose a cafe to eat in and went and sat at a table. I chose one near the walkway which I moved the chair so the I was facing the way that I thought most people were coming from and spread my knees. Sitting at a table like that and on a street was something that I intended to a lot during my holiday, although at night the effect is greatly reduced.
A waiter came, gave me a menu and asked me what I would like to drink. He looked at my chest then carried on as if I was wearing a bra and a shirt. I ordered then realised that in his job in that location he must see hundreds of tits each week
Anyway, I ordered, got and ate my food and paid not having seen one person look my way. I was disappointed but it wasn't unexpected.
Then I wandered down by the harbour and looked at the various stalls that were setup. I was truly amazed that no one said anything or even gave me a second glance. I giggled at the thought of walking around with a dildo sticking out of me and it having a flashing beacon on the end to attract peoples attention.
Then I saw the ferries that went across the bay and those that went to the different beaches. The design of them meant that people would be sat opposite each other and I imagined me sat with my knees open and the people staring at my spread, bare pussy. Going to a beach on a ferry was one thing that I had considered but it takes more than twice the time that the buses take so I had discounted it in favour of taking the buses but seeing the ferry boats made me think again. I decided maybe I'd try it one day.
As I said, it had been a long day so I finally headed back to the hotel.
The streets outside the lively area were still busy with people heading towards the action or going back to their hotels. The younger people appeared to be rushing to go to the action but the streets being not so busy gave those people more of a chance to look at what was walking their way and I heard a few comments from young men, all of them similar to,
"Bloody hell man, did you see her cunt."
Each time I heard one I smiled and thought,
"Getting there."
The girl was still sat at the reception desk so it looked like she worked the night shift, and when she saw me she called me over. At first I thought that she was going to say something about what was on display but she told me that she had found a better map. She was leant forwards in front of me marking things on the map, interspaced with looking up and at either my pussy or my face.
I rapidly came to the conclusion that she was quite happy for me to display my goodies and I again decided that I definitely was going to be totally naked in the reception. While she was telling me about getting to one beach, which she said was the best one for nudists, she was telling me that I needed to get a bus to Ibiza town and then get another one to Ses Salines.
I already knew that but I let her go on whilst I wondered if I could venture outside the hotel totally naked. That would be so totally cool.
Finally she finished and I thanked her before going up the stairs to my room.
The first thing that I did every time that I went into my room was to take off everything that I was wearing. The seconds thing was to open wide both balcony doors and look out.
When I did it this time I saw two young men on a balcony opposite. They were sat on chairs talking and drinking from bottles. They didn't see me at first so I switched my lights on and then went out onto the balcony.
The lights must have caught their attention because they were both looking at the naked me as I went and leant on the railings looking down. I was pleasantly pleased with how well I was lit up.
I waved at the two guys and shouted," Hi." but they didn't respond so I decided to give them something to think about. I sat on the chair, spread my legs wide and rubbed one out for them.
They still didn't respond even though I knew that they had watched me perform for them so I decided that this must be their first holiday without their parents and that they were too shy to say anything.
I then went in, cleaned my teeth and lay on my bed with the doors still wide open and the lights still on. I knew that the two guys could still see me as I lay on my back with my legs open, and I went to sleep.
I woke at just after 2 a.m. Some drunk youth was slowly making his way back to his hotel singing his head off. I got up and went and looked down to the street and confirmed what I thought. Apart from that drunk things were much quieter but there were still quite a few young people making their way back to their hotels.
I wanted that guy to look up and see me. He may have been drunk but he was still a man so I coughed loudly. That was enough and he looked up.
"Hey lady, you've got no clothes on." He shouted.
I ignored him and kept looking. The drunk's shouting was enough for a few people to look up. All of them seeing the naked girl looking down at them. As I said earlier, the street lighting was enough for them to know that I was indeed naked.
I was happy, another part of my plan was coming together. Over the next couple of hours I managed to attract the attention of over a dozen young men, and a few girls that were with them. My throat started to get a bit sore so I had to find another way to attract their attention and I came up with the idea of squeezing an empty plastic water bottle. The cracking sounds was out of place there so people looked up to see what it was.
When the pedestrian traffic started to change to locals going to work and street cleaning I gave up and went back to bed.
That was the routine that I had every night that I was there and well over a hundred people must have looked up and seen the naked me.
*****
My phone alarm went off at 7:30 a.m. I had booked the only meal that the hotel offered, breakfast and they started serving at 8 a.m. Most of those thirty minutes was spent in the bathroom including a full body shave.
The girl was still on reception when I went down wearing only a sheer micro dress. I went over to her and she looked up and was able to clearly see my tits and slit. She smiled and said,
"Buenos días."
I knew the answer but I asked where I could get breakfast and she pointed me in the right direction.
The breakfast room was small with only five tables. It was self service from a couple of long tables at one side and an old woman was bringing plates of food out from the kitchen and putting them on the long tables. Only the coffee that I fancied was there when I got there so I got a cup and went to sit at a table. As I was drinking it a young couple came in and sat between me and the food.
I decided to get my breakfast one item at a time. The guy stared at me each time I went passed them and I heard the girl whispering something about a slut.
Back in my room I prepared a bag to take to the beach and what I had to decide to wear. I'd be going on two buses changing in Ibiza town and from what I could find on the internet the bus stops for the two buses weren't near to each other, so bearing that in mind going there wearing just a crotchless G-String wouldn't be a good idea, besides I'd read reports that some of the bus drivers don't like looking at female skin.
I chose a skirt and top. The skirt being ultra short and barely covering my butt, the top being halter that I had made, slightly sheer and short so that if you are lower than me you can look up and see lots of under-boob.
Then it was off to the bus station. The bus to Ibiza town was a lot quicker than the one from the airport but it took a few minutes to find the stop for the bus to Ses Salines. When I did find it there was a long queue and I feared that I would miss the first one but people just kept getting on. There must have been more than fifty people crammed onto that bus and I was squashed between two men.
I thought back to the London underground but no one groped me. I did see one of the men sat next to where I was standing look up my top. He couldn't have not seen all of the bottom half of my tits.
When we got there the passengers were going off in three directions, one to the little shop that was there. Secondly across the road and into a street-side cafe that I later discovered was to a path that went between a huge car park and the back of the main beach, and thirdly directly down a slope passed where a lot of two wheeled vehicles were parked and onto the end of the beach.
I chose the last option wanting to feel the sand between my toes as soon as possible.
As soon as I saw the beach I knew that it was much better than the photos on the internet. It was relatively quiet at at that end but I could see lots of people further down. Knowing that nudism was allowed on the beach I stopped and took my top and skirt off and started walking.
When I got to the area where lots of people were clustered together I was expecting to see some other naked people but all I saw was topless. I smiled and thought that maybe the whole beach wasn't naturist, but I didn't stop to put something on.
Other than what I wore there all I had with me was one of four flowery scarfs that I took with me and all my scarfs are VERY sheer. I planned to wrap that round my waist and tie the ends in a knot if I needed to wear something in one of the beach bars that I had read were there.
I passed one beach bar and then the number of people thinned out, then I saw my first naked person, a man. That was my cue to find somewhere to spread my towel and really start my all-over tan.
I picked a spot which was near where people were coming onto the beach from beside the beach bar hoping that they would look at the naked girl with her legs spread wide then I got myself organised, mostly on my hands and knees so that my butt was pointing at the clothed area.
My first day on the beach was going to be a simple one, observing, exploring, sunbathing, swimming and of course displaying myself. I had plans to spice things up on subsequent trips to the beach.
Then I covered myself in sunblock and I was ready to start sunbathing. I lay back, legs spread very wide and sunglasses on. It was glorious, the sun, the sea and the sand all made for the perfect place. I could have laid there all day except for the limited the number of people who would see my naked body. But I had to counter that against the fact that those who saw me there would see all of my pussy, but for then I just wanted to absorb laying on the beach in that rare commodity in England, the sun.
I stayed there for well over an hour, only turning over when I got too warm but spreading my legs wide when I was on my stomach as well. I even went up on my spread knees displaying my butt and pussy to the people waking by. I saw quite a few people looking at me as they walked along the edge of the water, all of whom went towards where there were more naked people.
Then I went for a swim and that too was a wonderful experience, warm water tickling my pussy as I swam. Next it was a visit to the nearby beach bar. I hadn't seen any totally naked people going in there so I got the scarf and wrapped it round my waist so that it covered my butt and my slit -- just. I was covered but still exposed to anyone who looked for more than a split second. The knot was just in front of my left hip but it would take very little for me to slide the whole thing round so that the knot was above my pubes leaving my slit and clit uncovered.
I was both disappointed and pleased that no one took any real notice of me and I was starting to think that the social code in Ibiza is like in London, just ignore everyone else unless you had to interact with them.
Anyway, I got a drink and a snack and sat at a table to consume them. As just about always these days I sat lazily knowing that my whole pussy was on display to anyone who cared to look from the right angle.
When I got back to my towel it was time for something different. Putting everything in my bag I put it over my shoulder and started walking further along the beach.
I was soon in the midst of lots of naked people, some actually playing with their own or a partner's genitals. I didn't see any fucking or oral sex acts. There was another beach bar with much louder music and I wondered if there were any totally naked girls in there but I didn't go and look, instead I kept walking, to the end of the beach then up the sandy, rocks on a track that was obviously used by vehicles.
On I walked looking down on little sandy coves with people sunbathing naked, or in one case, a couple fucking until I eventually came to what looked like a disused lighthouse. I could see some old men fishing from the rocks but I wasn't interested. On I walked until I came to another long beach, it looked amazing but as I walked I soon discovered that this beach was mainly for gay men.
There's something about the thought of a man fucking another man's butt or a man giving another man a blowjob or even wanking another man that really turns me off. I just can't understand why they would want to do that when there are so many women out there that could give them a really good time. But hey, if that's what they want to do then good luck to them. Live and let live is what I say.
Anyway, I eventually came to a car park and a little shop where I went in, still totally naked, and bought an ice lolly from the woman running the place, then headed off back. Instead if going back along the beach I went on a path parallel to the sea though some shallow dunes. Unfortunately that proved to be educational in the subject of gay sex acts.
Eventually I came to the trees and followed paths and dirt roads that I hoped was in the general direction of where I had come from although the volume of trees and the constant chirping of the millions of crickets that appeared to live in each tree was a little confusing.
Then I saw a little coca-cola lorry heading towards me. I stepped to the side but was still facing the lorry as it approached then went passed me, the diver not even looking at me.
I was starting to think that my sense of direction was all wrong and that I was lost when I turned a corner and saw a car park full of cars. Assuming that the owners were on the beach where I had been I was a little happier.
Still not putting any clothes on I walked in amongst the cars ignoring the people that were walking around and getting into and out of cars. I saw a car entrance / exit and headed for it. The two old men collecting money ignored me as I walked out onto the road and alongside more of the car park. Then I came to a roundabout on the main road and knew exactly where I was.
As I walked along the side of the main road a bus came flying passed me then pulled into where I had got off one earlier. As the people piled off the bus, some walking towards me, and all of them ignoring me. I decided that it was too early to be heading back to my hotel so I walked in amongst those who were walking along the side of the car park. Some of those people were following me and some were walking faster and passing me, all of those would have been getting a great view of my bare butt.
Some of the people turned and headed through the trees, I followed and came out on the beach next to the beach bar that I had been in. Confident that I had enough knowledge of the area I spread my towel very close to where I had been before.
As my towel was spread out I walked into the sea and swam towards the clothed area. When I came out of the sea I had to walk through about half of the clothed area. In amongst those who were standing at the water's edge. It felt good being the only one naked on that part of the beach.
Back at my towel I again lay with my legs spread wide.
When I turned onto my stomach I kept my legs quite close together, the reason was that my right hand was underneath my stomach and my fingers were toying with my clit. As I got more and more aroused my legs started spreading and before long anyone walking along the water's edge who looked would be able to see that I was masturbating.
My fingers weren't moving very fast and it took quite a while for my climax to arrive but it did arrive and it was a very pleasant one. They're always better when other people are watching me. I didn't actually know if anyone was watching me at that time but there was a good chance that at least one of the many older men stood at the water's edge would be looking at me.
Orgasm fading like the crashing waves I relaxed only to be woken by different, loud music and people shouting. I turned over and lay back, legs wide and leaning back on my elbows. I watched as a group of people came along the beach carrying banners advertising a nightclub in Playa d'en Bossa, a town that I had considered getting a hotel at because it has lots of bars and nightclubs. I watched them walk by then a girl about my age and wearing only a G-string came and gave me a flyer for the night club. She was English and she told me that there would be lots of hunky men at the night club.
I have never really thought much of night clubs and rarely been to one and I had no real plans to go to any in Ibiza and certainly not one across the island so the flyer went in my bag to go into a rubbish bin when I got back to the hotel.
But I did think about that girls job, what it would be like to go up to all the young men on a beach and ask them to go to a night club and answer any question whilst they looked me up and down and between my legs when I squat down to talk to them, especially if I could do the job totally naked.
Apart from seeing a few men look at my pussy nothing very interesting happened for the next hour or so I decided to start my journey back to the hotel. I knew that I'd have to put some clothes on before I got on the bus but I certainly wasn't going to put them on where I was, I had walked through the clothed area totally naked that morning and again shortly before then so there was no way that I was going to put anything on before doing so again. So I put everything in my bag, put it over my shoulder and started walking.
Like on the walk that morning no one said anything although I did see a few people staring at me. When I got to the end of the cluster of people I kept walking passed the young men who were looking after the jet-skis and up the ramp to where all the two-wheeled vehicles were and onto the road.
A car was coming towards me and I turned to face it to make sure that the driver had seen me then when it was gone I put my bag down and decided to wear the scarf for a skirt and the halter top. I again tied the scarf on my left hip then pulled the knot a little towards my bald pubis. I tied the halter a little higher on my chest so that my nipples were only just covered and I was showing nearly all of the bottom of my little tits.
Then I walked over to where the bus had dropped me off before, where about thirty people were stood waiting. No one stared or said anything about my see-through bottoms, not even when I twisted the scarf round so that my bald pubis and slit were uncovered. However, it was a while before the bus arrived so I sat on a kerb stone with my feet well apart and my knees up near my chest. My pussy was on full display and I did see a handful of men staring at me for a while.
When the bus stopped and the people on it got off, everyone waiting to get on moved forwards. The concept of queueing being totally alien to everyone. That didn't bother me as I didn't want a seat I wanted to be standing in the aisle and I got my wish. I ended up stood between two sitting, middle-aged men and they both had much larger women sat in the window seats. As soon as the bus started moving I turned sideways meaning that my bald pubis and slit were very close to one of the men's head.
It took him a few minutes before he realised what was next to him then his head was going from side to side as he talked to his woman and looked at my pussy. Oh, and I had to stand with my feet well apart to keep from falling over as the bus bounced along. Also, he looked up a couple of times, presumably to see the face of the pussy that he'd been looking at and he saw the bottom half of my tits as well.
I was satisfied with my showing when I got off the bus in Ibiza town.
Everyone appeared to be in their own little world and didn't realise what I was wearing or they saw and didn't care, and before long I was on a much less crowded bus back to San Antonio.
Again no one stared for any length of time as I walked back to my hotel and I was starting to think that I could walk around totally naked and no one would care.
The old man was back on reception and he gave me a half smile when he looked up and saw me.
It was time to up the ante a bit and to go to the pool for a quick swim before sunning on my balcony before the sun went down. I put on a different G-string that I had made, This one was more than crotchless, it has no material at all, just the strings framing my pussy and bald pubis. With my sunglasses on and carrying a towel I left my room and went to the pool.
There were two couples on loungers at one end, both couples with suitcases presumably waiting for the time to leave to go home, and a group of five young men were in the pool throwing a ball between themselves.
A couple of them looked at me as I went to a lounger, raised the top end, spread my towel and lay on it with my legs slightly apart and my sunglasses hiding the fact that I was watching the young men..
It wasn't long before the ball came out of the pool, landing near me and not rolling back to the pool. One of the guys got out and came to get the ball and when he was stood right next to me he said,
"Really going for a complete all-over tan I see luv."
"Not quite, I'll still get while lines from these." I replied as I lifted the elasticated string near my hip then let go and feeling my flesh sting a little as I let go of it.
"You could always take it off, I'm sure that no one would object." The guy said.
"I don't think so, someone might object."
"None of us will luv."
"Well if you're sure, I guess that I won't be showing any more than I already am."
"That's for sure."
I got to my feet and pulled the G-string down and off whilst facing all the guys in the pool. They cheered as I lay back on the longer spreading my legs a little more than the last time.
"There you go luv, no white lines now and no one is complaining." The guy stood next to me said then jumped back into the pool.
A few minutes later the ball came out again and a different guy go out to get the ball. This one must have been a bit shy because he didn't say anything, just smiled at me.
The third time that it happened and a third guy got out to come and get a closer look at me, sorry to get the ball, I said,
"So are you guys staying at this hotel then?"
"Yes, we just got here, and you?"
"A couple of days ago."
"So are you on your own then?"
"Yes."
"Well if you want to hang with us you're welcome, maybe look after you in the rough boozers."
"Thanks, I might take you up on that later, we're bound to cross paths, the hotel isn't that big and I'm planning of going for a swim when I get back from the beach each day.
The thought of being with five young men, especially when I'm naked, appealed to me but I certainly didn't want them around all the time, I had things that I wanted to achieve and I hadn't factored five guys into my plan.
"Well we'll be around, maybe you could tell us which beaches are the best sometime. We'll be going for a drink in the cafe over the road before we hit the town a bit later, you're welcome to join us of you like."
"You never know, if you're at the cafe you might see me on my balcony, my room is at the front."
"Okay, better go, those buggers will be complaining."
The guy jumped back into the pool and I continued soaking up the evening sun thinking about the offer. Maybe it would be good to go out with them, they all looked to be quite fit and it would be five males to look at my body. Maybe I could go out with them one time and see how it goes.
As the sun went down the five guys left, all giving me a wave. I wasn't far behind them and I decided to go back to my room totally naked. The old man on receptions just looked up when something caught his eye then went straight back to what whatever it was he was doing.
In my room I switched the lights on then went for a shower. Next it was out onto the balcony to see how many times people would look up, or across and see the naked girl standing on her balcony.
I counted a few and was reasonably happy.
When I said earlier that I had stopped wearing bras and hadn't taken any with me on holiday that wasn't strictly true, I did have three bikini tops with me although none were for support or coverage because all three have just tiny triangles that barely cover my areolae and are sheer to some extent so you can clearly see my areolae and nipples, and it is one of those that I chose to wear that night. That and a tiny skirt that is longer at the back than it is at the front. When the skirt is pushed down on my hips my pubes and slit are covered but when I let it ride up they are exposed.
I got those out of the wardrobe ready to put on then went to my toy drawer. It was time to break out my Lush 3. I didn't wait to put that in, it went straight into my already wet pussy and I used my phone to make sure that it was all in working order by giving myself a quick blast at full power which made me jump even though I knew it was coming. Putting my phone in my little shoulder bag I was then ready to slip on my clothes and go.
But I didn't go out yet. It was back onto the balcony to make myself available to anyone who cared to look.
Again the two young men over the road watched me and so did another couple that I hadn't seen before, and at least one man walking down the street looked up before I saw the five guys walking across the road to the cafe.
They took seats outside and turned their chairs to look at the hotel and one of them instantly saw me and waved. I waved back as the others turned and waved as well.
I watched as a waiter came out and took their order and I noticed that six large glasses of beer appeared on their tables. After the waiter had gone one of the guys picked up a glass, pointed at me then pointed at the glass.
I knew what he was saying but I shrugged my shoulders pretending not to know. Then a couple of them waved their arms indicating that they wanted me to join them. Not wanting to be too keen I shook my head sideways but they persisted and I eventually gave then the thumbs up sign and went into my room shutting the doors behind me.
Three minutes later I was dressed with the skirt pushed down on my hips and walking across the road with my bag over my shoulder. Two minutes later I had been introduced to Harry, Jack, Ryan, Ethan and Max and a chair was acquired for me to sit on.
The comments and question soon started flying, the interesting ones being: -
"Do you often stand on you balcony stark naked Sadie?" Jack asked.
"All the time, why?"
"So you like people looking up and seeing your naked body?" Ethan asked.
"I do."
"Is that what I think it is dangling between your legs?" Harry asked.
"Probably."
"Who's controlling it? You boyfriend back in England?" Max asked.
"No, I don't have a boyfriend."
"Is it switched on at the moment?" Harry asked.
"No."
"Can I borrow the control please?"
"No."
"Would you describe yourself as an exhibitionist Sadie?" Jack asked.
"Yes."
"So you know that we can see your nipples and slit right now?" Jack continued.
"Yes."
"Did you go to one of the nude beaches today? Ryan asked.
"I did."
"No need ask if you got naked then?"
"Nope."
Mixed in with all that was the usual small talk and the more I heard the guys talk the more that I thought that they were an okay bunch and when they asked me if I was going to join them on a bar crawl I agreed to go with them.
Whilst we were talking the guys had got themselves another beer but I refused another because I'd hardly had time to drink the first one. They also asked me about the beaches and which one I'd been to that day. I told them that the only beaches that I intended to visit were the one that I'd been to that day, Ses Salines, and another one, Cala Conta. I also told them roughly where they were and how I intended to get to them.
Max asked me if I'd mind them coming along with me when I next went to either of them and I said that I didn't mind, adding that I had no plans as to when I'd go or what I'd do there, other than sunbathe.
Off we finally went with my skirt riding up and me not pulling it down and not switching the vibrator on. It only took a few minutes to get to the first bar that they wanted to go in and soon we were stood around a big barrel that was acting as a table. The place was quite busy with loud music and big TV screens showing images of spectacular motor racing crashes.
We stood and talked and the guys started commenting on the other girls that were there. When I say commenting I actually mean that they were picking out the ones that they fancied and were telling each other what they'd do with them. It was a bit of an insight, but not really unexpected for me because when I'd been out with boys back in England they never talked about other girls. Well not from a fancying them point of view.
After listening to all their sexual fantasies I asked,
"So what were you guys saying about me after you saw me at the hotel pool?"
It was Ryan that had the courage to speak first saying,
"Well, without being crude we all agreed that you are one hot chick and that we'd all like to fuck you."
"Okay," I replied, "thanks for the compliment, but what did you all say about me getting naked at the pool?"
Again it was Ryan that spoke,
"That took you from being hot to smoking hot Sadie."
"Wow, and some of you were talking on the way here. I couldn't hear what you were saying but I'm guessing that it was about me. Right?"
"Right," Ryan again answered for all of them, "you're right Sadie, we were saying how brave you were for coming out dressed like that."
"You mean this see-through bikini top and such a short skirt?"
"Damn it girl, we can see your pussy, are you trying to drive us crazy?" Ryan replied.
"Something like that. Look, we've already established that I'm an exhibitionist and what do exhibitionists want? To be seen naked. Much as I'd like to I'm sure that I'd get arrested walking even around here naked so I have to go for the next best thing. Look, I can pull the skirt down so that I'm legally decent but as you've seen it rides up, a wardrobe malfunction that can't be helped. Besides, I'll bet that ninety percent of the people here haven't realised that my slit is on display, and as for the see-through bikini top I'll bet that a good thirty percent of the girl's tops here are see-through to one extent or other."
"That's analysing it too much." Ethan said, "can we just leave it that we think you are smoking hot and that we like looking at every bit of your body."
"That works for me." I replied, "and thanks guys."
From there we moved on to a bar where we sat at a table outside. We could hear each other talk better and I kept pointing out one of the many scantily clad girls and asking the guys what they thought of her and what they'd like to do to her. The guys answers started off quite politely but soon started to get basic and crude and I started using the same crude language to ask them exactly what they meant.
The whole situation and the crude descriptions of what the guys said they would do to the girls was having an effect on me and it didn't help that Harry and Jack were sat so close to me that I could feel their bare arms accidentally touching me. I'm sure that if they'd cleared the table and lay me on it I would have happily let them gang-bang me right there, in the street with hundreds of people walking by.
Well that didn't happen. What did happen was that we moved on to another bar then another and I soon realised that not only was I getting quite happy, but all the guys were as well. At goodness know what time I said that I was heading back to the hotel. The guys had a bit of a conflab and it was decided that Ryan and Jack would escort me while Harry, Max and Ethan would move on to another bar.
Despite my protests saying that I didn't need an escort they insisted and off we went. I soon realised that both Jack and Ryan were happier than I was but I was happy enough to invite both of them back to my room.
Before I knew it my vibrator had been pulled out, Jack was fucking my mouth and Ryan my pussy, and it certainly wasn't rape, I was just as enthusiastic as they were.
When it was all over both guys just wanted to go to sleep but I kicked them out and had a refreshing shower. Then it was out onto the balcony to see if I could get anyone to look up or over and see the naked me standing or sitting there with my legs wide open.
After a while, and a handful of voyeurs staring at me, I needed some sleep and with the doors open and the lights on, I lay on my bed and quickly fell asleep. A couple of times whilst it was still dark outside I woke up hearing loud noise and I went out onto the balcony to see what the noise was. One time I was lucky and a couple of drunk men looked up and saw me. One of them was staring as he walked and he walked straight into a parked car and ended up in a pile on the road. I had a little laugh even though I was probably the cause.
*****