There was a gentle knock on the door the following day.
I was in bed. Still waking up, it was only 8.30am on a Friday morning. No lectures for me until 10.
"Hi... come in," I said quietly.
"It's not locked."
I watched the handle turn and the door open.
It was Mrs Mortimer evidently 'doing her rounds'.
"Good morning... er sorry I don't know your name."
"Ben," I said.
"Good morning Ben. Sorry but it never came up, unlike other things, last time."
"Do you have my money?" She was straight to the point.
"On the desk," I said pointing from my prone position under the duvet, to the small student table, standard for each room. She came in a couple of steps, leant over and picked up the £10 note under the stapler, from the table top.
"Did you need any assistance this morning while I'm here young man?"
I was sleepy, but as always, randy, early in the day, before the stress of my studies kicked in. I looked up sheepishly.
"Yes," I said "but I don't have any more cash."
"Oh I see. Well you'll just have to fend for yourself then today." She responded.
I thought quickly...
"Oh, unless my piggy bank, has some in it."
It was my pink glazed, clay pig complete with a slot in the top for coins, I had brought it with me to university, to remind me of home, but, it had fast become my source of beer money. It was on the shelf above the desk.
"Better be quick." She responded tucking the note into the breast pocket of her light blue blouse, part of her cleaner's uniform.
I rolled the duvet back. I was wearing an undersized tshirt and briefs. My cock had a semi, but, was not hard. I slipped out of bed and, leant over the desk. Mrs Mortimer stepped back towards the door and watched me. I could not tell if she was admiring the sight of my bottom, or just waiting patiently as I bent over to sort out her money.
I grabbed the crock pig from the shelf and inverted it. Two or three coins clattered onto the table, I shook it and another two fell out. The sound was masked by a couple of my noisy neighbours clanging their doors in the corridor, as they left and went to classes or the refectory. My parents would have been appalled to see me 'shake out my pennies', especially for Mrs Mortimer's services.
"Er... 60 pence...£2 ... .£3.40 and I was nearly through the change." A few more shakes and then it was empty. I studied what was scattered there.
I could sense Mrs Mortimer look away from my backside as she eyed the coins on my desk instead.
"Hmm, not much there either, oh well."
"Do you still want anything today?"
I was counting quickly.
"Well there's five pound sixty."
She pulled out the chair from the desk by the coins and sat down.
"Sorry about the change." I said.
"I am afraid you don't have enough there for my help today. It looks like a DIY jobby today dear. I can't do any more credit."
She glanced at my bedside clock.
"You've got five minutes to knock one out, young man."
"Carry on then dear."
She reached into her cloth bag she had put down by her feet and pulled out a small flask. She picked it up, slipped off the cup and put it on the table. Then unscrewing the stopper and pouring herself some milky coffee, she leant back and folded her arms in front of her. She seemed glad to be able to take the weight off her feet for a short time and take a coffee break.
"Sorry dear but its good to take the weight of my feet and a have a quick coffee, while I'm at work."
I was shaking a little from the excitement. I knelt down on the thin carpet in front of her, in the small space, and, reaching inside my briefs, not quite believing what I was about to do in front of this mature woman, I eased my hardening penis out through the small front flap.
She was watching.
She picked up her cup and spoke.
"And the rest..." Mrs Mortimer requested.
The briefs were small and tight. The hole was already filled with my rapidly expanding teenage cock. I wasn't sure how I could.
"Come on Ben."
I winced, pulled the flap open as far as I could, and pushed and pulled my scrotum and its soft contents. It was a struggle but after a few seconds, first one and then the other testicle plopped out. I was through but, it was all very tight. My cock hardened quickly from this added constriction and rapidly became a stiff staff, buoyed up by the thought that a rather demanding middle aged and rather plain woman had required it of me. The thought that she said she wanted to see them made me feel better, and harder of course.
"Well done."
She crossed her legs clothed in their shapeless, dark brown, elasticated polyester work slacks.
"Carry on Ben, you don't have long."
She sipped more of her drink and watched me over the rim.
She was sat on my study chair and looking down at me kneeling with my legs spread open, before her. I wasn't sure if her request was part of the service or if she was genuinely interested to see me 'do it' for her.
I grasped my penis and pulled back my skin slowly.
I don't think she had such a clear view from the last time.
"Nice." She nodded and smiled slightly as my tight scrotum popped into view. It nestled beneath my now twitching cock.
She watched me more closely.
"Lift your t-shirt."
I removed my left hand from clutching my balls and slipped the shirt up a short way. She looked down and admired my torso.
"I'd almost forgotten how cute the first year's can be,"
"18?" she asked.
"19". I answered, "late developer," I added.
"Well I think you've nearly caught up now dear." She answered smiling slightly again.
"Open your legs further." I did so.
"Lean back for me." I leant back.
My stomach and back muscles tensioned generally."
Her eyes roamed.
I shuffled my knees apart and leant right back feeling rigid in more than just the obvious places.
She watched in silence. The room was quiet except for the slight sound of my foreskin and fist, slipping back and forwards, accompanied by my quietly controlled panting.
She took another sip from her steaming cup.
I could see her lick her lips. Either she was thirsty or something else.
"3 minutes left," she added helpfully having eyed the wall clock and moved back to watch me. It was hard to say if she seemed to be enjoying herself, but, at least she wasn't obviously bored for which I was grateful.
I closed my eyes and pulled back my tight foreskin right back. I knew I was revealing the dark plum head. I knew it was smooth, moist, and swollen.
"I do wonder how you lads move with those things tucked inside your trousers. Some of them get truly enormous when roused and believe me I know, I have seen many of them over the years."
She studied my swollen appendage and I could feel her eyes work their way along each thigh, up and over my smooth stomach and up to my open and hopeful face.
"How the fashion for skinny jeans took off I simply do not know. So little space for a growing lad," she mused.
She continued watching.
"You are quite a looker Ben. I am surprised you don't have a girlfriend, but, its early days at the moment I suppose."
She leant forward to study my rapid arm movement and, my bared flexing forearm working away on my penis.
"2 minutes". No pressure on me then.
My arm was moving faster than usual. I was rock hard and starting to pant louder.
"1 minute ... And a little more moisture at the tip I see."
God, being watched by her was so hot. It was the first time anyone had studied me actually wanking in full view of them. It was exciting, if a little challenging.
"20, 19, 18..." she counted me down.
"I'm almost there," I protested.
My arm now a blur.
"10, 9, 8... "
"Times up!" Like some sort of sexual invigilator she added.
"You can stop now please." And with that she moved to get up to leave recapping her flask and slipping the now empty cup over the end and place it back in her bag.
She stood up, leant over to the desk and counted out £5 in coins.
I stopped wanking and let go of my penis. It bobbed and swayed and, twitched a couple of times without being touched.
"Maybe next time?" She said as she picked up the change for the £5.
"Some of my students can't stop themselves splashing out in a minute, others..., well, may be you need some more dry runs first. Save it up for me meantime, in your piggy bank... And your money." She added smiling slightly again.
She turned to leave.
"Perhaps at the end of the week?" I asked hopefully.
I could feel the sweat running down my chest and back from my efforts.
"May be, if I can fit you in."
"Now don't waste it." She chided and winked.
"Pop it back inside your undies."
"Friday suit you? Same time?"
I slumped. My penis softened and wilted.
I nodded, deflated, defeated.
"Friday then, and thanks Mrs Mortimer." I said trying to be enthusiastic at the wait.
She reached the door, unlocked it and glanced back at me.
"You had better watch yourself Ben or some chubby third year female student is going to, 'do you', at a party; or worse, two or three of them, might jump you at the same time and have their evil way with a nice lad like you. I know they are always after some tight bottomed freshman. I think you would easily qualify."
I was going to need a part time job at this rate... that, or a girlfriend in place of Mrs Mortimer... Otherwise perhaps I would have to settle for a third year fatty helping themselves, without me getting a say...
Anyway between now and the end of the week I needed to concentrate on my expanding studies, rather than on the expanding contents of my jeans. Time to get my head down to some work.