It was a July 14 which is National Nude Day and my wife, Susan, and I headed out to a hot spring that was about 90 minutes away. It is a pretty drive most of the way that goes on a two lane highway and wanders through hills and valleys, cute little towns, some of which are almost ghost towns and have few residents and have many old buildings left over from mining days.
The weather was beautiful. There was a clear blue sky with just a few high clouds now and then. The temperature was even cooperating in that it was mild for a July day and not blistering hot. We had planned this excursion specifically for the 14thin celebration for NDD. My wife knows that I am a closet nudist and prefer to be naked when I can, especially outdoors when possible. She, on the other hand, is more modest and isn't very comfortable being naked around others. She will dress scantily once in a while when we're going out and reveal a lot of skin but doesn't let others see what they are hoping they'll see. She can be such a tease that way.
Back to the drive... we packed the car with the things you would normally take on a drive and for a picnic. We also packed a couple of lawn chairs and a quick set up canopy. The area where the spring are is somewhat desolate with only some scrub oak and tall weeds around. The canopy would give us some shade.
We finally headed out of town taking the surface streets. I had put on some loose shorts and a tee shirt and wore water shoes but also packed some regular clothes just in case they were needed. Susan was wearing the white halter tankini I had bought her for the outing with a sarong wrapped around her waist. The top was only slightly sheer but would turn very sheer when wet. I hadn't told her that but she had already figured it out. She knows me well. We stopped at Subway to buy sandwiches for later. I noticed that the kid helping us kept looking at Susan when he could and he wasn't looking at her face. I turned and looked over at Susan and understood why the employee was staring at her. Although her top wasn't see through, Susan's dark nipples could be easily be seen, like two dark eyes staring out of her chest at the young guy. She definitely did look hot. Even though I thought she already looked great, she had always thought that her breasts were too small. So, she had gotten breast implants a couple of years before. She now had an impressive 36 D (almost DD) bra size. As an aside, I refused to be involved in choosing what size implants she would get. I wanted her to get what she wanted and be happy. The procedure went very well and she now had larger and firmer breasts with nipples that sat just in the right place. They looked spectacular. That is what the kid was looking at -- her large, beautiful breasts straining her halter top a little and with the swell of the tops of them quite visible. The kid got himself together enough to close his sagging jaw and pry his eyes away long enough to ring up our order. We paid and as we were walking out the door Susan turned and thrust out her breasts more and gave the guy a big smile. We were laughing as we got in the car and drove off.
We worked our way out of the city and on to the four lane rural highway that would start us on our way to the spring. Since I had been on this road before I knew it pretty well. With most of the houses and businesses behind us I drove until we came to a place that had a wide turn out. I pulled over and put the car in park and unfastened my seatbelt. Susan looked at me in confusion and asked what we were doing. At that point I pulled off my shirt and pulled my shorts down and off. I hadn't worn underwear that day on purpose. I waited until there was no traffic coming in either direction which I could view for a long way and stepped out of the car, naked except for my shoes. I reached in and grabbed a beach towel, which I had packed so I could easily get to and put it over my seat. I then climbed back in, buckled the seat belt and started back down the road.
Susan was incredulous and asked, "What do you think you're doing?" I replied, "It's National Nude Day and I plan on celebrating by not wearing clothes the rest of the day unless I absolutely have to." She didn't know what to say so I continued "No one will be able to see while we're on this highway and I can put my shirt across my lap when we go through the towns along the way." She didn't seem too sure but didn't say anything more about it. We had a nice time and enjoyed the scenery as we went. We did pass through a few small towns but I didn't cover up. There was no traffic near us that could have seen down into the car. After we passed through the first town Susan relaxed and pretty much forgot I was driving without any clothes on.
Along the way I pulled off and parked in the weeds behind some old ghost town buildings which I wanted to look in. I had brought my camera along thinking I could take some scenic photos. Susan was still wearing her swimsuit and sarong and I still was only wearing shoes but we both got out and wandered around the buildings and went into a couple that looked like they were still stable. I told Susan that I wanted to take some pictures of her in the old buildings. We got some nice artistic shots then I asked her to take her top off so I could take some other artistic photos. I wasn't too surprised when she declined but still tried to convince her to no avail. She said "Since you want some artistic nudes, let me take pictures of you! You're already naked anyway!" So that's what we did. She directed me this way and that and got some interesting angles for pictures. The old background made them even better.
I could tell she was getting a little turned on while taking pictures from the way she started directing me and how she would come over and play with me to get me erect for certain photos she wanted. But that's all that happened. The old buildings weren't a good place to have sex. We were already somewhat concerned about how steady the buildings were after we got inside and decided not to test their strength with some hot fucking. So, we got back in the car and continued our journey. I stopped one more time for some pictures of an old, abandoned railroad bridge that crossed over a dry riverbed. The bridge was somewhat visible from the highway, but we got out when there were no cars coming and I hurried behind some trees which would shield me from sight but still give me a good angle to take pictures. Susan was now into me being nude outdoors. When I was finished taking the pictures, I started to put my equipment away, but Susan stopped me. "Don't put it away yet, I haven't taken the pictures I want to take", she said. That put a smile on my face and started my cock stirring. She took a few pictures of me with the bridge in the background then went around to take some with the highway in the background. For one picture she waited and timed the photo for when there was a car on the highway behind me. Then with a mischievous grin she told me hike around and out onto the bridge while she watched for cars. As I headed off, I noticed she wasn't watching the road at all but was instead changing the lens on the camera to a telephoto lens. Luckily, the riverbed was in a shallow ravine so when I heard or saw a car coming, I could duck down out of sight. I made it to the bridge and out onto it. Using hand signals, Susan directed me to where she wanted me to stand. I stood next to one of the steel girders which I thought shielded me from the road... until a car came by and slowed as it passed. The window rolled down as it got close and the driver tooted the horn. My blood went cold until I saw a woman leaning her head out of the window and waving as she went on by.
I hurried off the bridge and back to the car where Susan was waiting. She was laughing when I got in which annoyed me at first but then I joined in with her. We quickly got back on the road to get out of the area.
I could tell that Susan was excited and dying to tell me something but was holding back. Finally, she had me pull over on a turn out. She was giggling and told me to turn off the car then she pulled out the camera. She showed me all of the pictures she had just taken at the bridge. It turned out that she had photographed me all the way from where she was until I was in position on the bridge. There I was, bare assed and in embarrassing positions as I was dodging around rocks, ducking down, and climbing up the embankment toward the bridge. She also showed me the pictures she had me pose for on the bridge and even had a picture of the woman waving at me. I guess the driver was preoccupied with watching me and didn't notice my wife down below taking pictures.
After I got over the surprise of seeing the pictures Susan had taken, we had a good laugh together. "You looked so funny trying to get up there without being seen.", chuckled Susan. "I was laughing but it was also turning me on. I couldn't believe I was watching you running nude out in the open.", she continued. Then she took my hand and pushed it between her legs and onto her mound. "Feel how wet it got me." I could feel the heat coming off her pussy and the wetness that was starting to seep through her swimsuit. I rubbed her crotch and felt it getting wetter. I moved my hand inside her suit and started rubbing her pussy and teasing her clit. Juice was flowing out of her and covering my fingers. She let out a soft moan and shifted in her seat to give me better access. At that moment, a semi sped by and blew his horn as he did. That brought us out of the moment and made us realize how close to the road we were and how much passersby could see of what was going on in the car. Reluctantly, I pulled my hand out of her swimsuit. My fingers were dripping with her fluid and I couldn't help but put them in my mouth and suck every drop of her sweetness off them. We realized we couldn't stay where we were so we got ourselves together and got back on the road.
It was a lot harder to play while driving along a winding two-lane highway. We settled in to just enjoying the scenery. Eventually though touching and rubbing each other picked up again. Susan was tickling my balls and lightly stroking my cock while I rubbed her inner thigh and teased her pussy through the fabric of her suit. I couldn't get a good angle to play with her so she turned in her seat and spread her legs giving me better access. As she got more excited she eventually pulled off her swimsuit bottom and sarong. She spread the lips of her bare pussy to show me how wet she was. Then she reached down and put two fingers in her hole and used the juice to give her clit a rub before putting them in my mouth. My cock was hard and sticking straight up. Susan put her fingers back inside her pussy to get them wet again. Using her lubricated fingers she began to rub my cock more vigorously. When she wanted more juice she would either get more out of her pussy or use the precum which was oozing out of my cock. It was a huge turn on for me when she would combine her wetness with my salty fluid on her fingers then lewdly lick them with her tongue or suck on them with her mouth.
Both of us were getting more turned on. Susan leaned over and started licking my hard dick. She would lick from the bottom of my shaft to just below the head then start over and lick another side. Clear fluid was flowing out of my slit much faster as she licked me. Then she stopped licking and took the head of my cock into her mouth and sucked the precum that covered my dick and sucked more out of the slit. Her tongue danced around the head of my cock and pushed into my urethra, trying to collect more juice. I was loving all this attention but Susan was missing having her pussy fingered. I groaned when she took her mouth off me and sat back in her seat. What she did next was quite a surprise. She unbuckled her seatbelt and knelt on her seat facing me. She then bent over and returned to sucking me. I groaned again but this time it was out of pleasure. She has a very talented mouth and tongue. After a moment I reached over and returned to the wet mound between Susan's legs. She opened her legs as much as she could in the cramped area of the front seat. Her pussy was sopping wet, even wetter than it had been when I moved my hand away. Obviously she loves to suck cock.
I started by cupping her mound and rubbing it with my palm. Quickly two of my fingers found themselves stroking in and out of her hole as my hand moved up and down. By the time I opened her labia and started rubbing her clit, water was running down my arm. She was moaning around my cock in her mouth. Occasionally she would take her mouth off me and lay her forehead on my leg as she concentrated on the heat in her pussy. This accomplished two things; she could just enjoy the intense pleasure between her legs and the pause in her sucking my dick gave me the chance to settle down and not cum too quickly. It was a good thing that we were on just a two lane highway because Susan's ass was up against the passenger window. If we had been on a wider highway other cars could have gotten quite a show as they passed by us on the right hand side and seen her face buried in my lap if they passed on the left.
I had seen road construction ahead signs for a while but hadn't paid much attention to them because I hadn't seen any construction. Besides, most of my attention was focused elsewhere. Then we rounded a bend in the road and I saw a flagman and someone holding a stop sign about a mile down the road. I started to brake and slow down. Susan noticed my foot shift and our speed decreasing. She asked what was wrong and I told her there was road construction. She quickly sat up in her seat and put her seatbelt on. By this time we were passing the guy motioning us to slow down. I think he had noticed the commotion in the car as Susan's ass disappeared from the window and suddenly there was a woman sitting in the seat where no one had been a moment before. He watched our car as we went by. I slowed down then stopped a little way before we got to the guy holding the stop sign. This gave Susan a moment more to get herself together. Her hair was a mess and around her mouth was all wet from slobbering on my cock. I slowly rolled forward until sign guy on the side of the road was even with Susan's window. I had been naked all day so it didn't occur to me that I was still naked and with an erect dick. I only realized I wasn't wearing anything when I noticed the guy staring into to car. Susan caught on about the same time. To show how turned on and horny she was, she reached across and started stroking me. Normally, Susan is way too shy and conservative to do something like that. We had to wait for a few minutes for the cars traveling in the opposite direction to pass us. Throwing caution to the wind, Susan leaned sideways and started sucking on my dick again. The guy's eyes were bugging out as he stood there frozen watching us. The only thing moving was the bulge in his pants which kept growing. He jumped when his radio squawked as the sign holder at the other end asked what the hold up was and saying to let the cars go. Susan sat up and licked her lips as she looked at the guy. He just turned the sign around without moving. We proceeded through the construction area but I was confused when we got to the far end. There was another person with a flag slowing us down and a stop sign guy just a few feet away with the stop turned in our direction. When I stopped he came to the driver's side window and the flagger, who was a twenty something year old girl, came up to the passenger window. They both just looked at us with big mischievous smiles. Then it hit me: the stop sign guy from before had come out of his trance and radioed ahead. Susan and I looked at each other, both blushing from embarrassment. I said we might as well give them a show. She looked at me then throated my cock. She stayed all the way down for a moment before starting to move up and down. A honk from the car behind us broke the spell. The workers both gave us a big thumbs up and motioned us on. We had spiced up some people's boring day and had a lot of fun doing it.
We had a lot of fun reliving what we had just done. Our talk and giggling cooled our libidos somewhat and we just drove and talked without playing with each other. But I couldn't keep my hands off my beautiful wife. It started by resting my hand on Susan's bare leg, then teasing the inside of her thigh, and finally, rubbing her pussy. She started to warm up and the fabric of her bottoms, which she had put back on, started getting wet. I continued to rub and stroke her slit. Her breathing became faster and her hips began moving as her excitement built. Suddenly she grabbed my hand and pulled it away from her crotch. She sat for a moment catching her breath then said she didn't want to climax yet. We were almost to the hot spring and she wanted to hold the intensity until we got there and could play more and have a good hard fuck.
When we arrived at the hot spring we were disappointed to see an older couple was already there. Because of its remote location often you could have them to yourself if you went on a weekday. The couple had a small camping trailer parked a short distance away. Obviously, they weren't planning on leaving any time soon. I got out of the car and reluctantly pulled on some shorts. We had brought an awning and lawn chairs which we set up along with our picnic supplies. The couple was soaking in the spring so we settled into our lounge chairs and relaxed. When they go out we saw they weren't wearing anything. They wrapped towels around themselves and came over to talk to us. It turned out that they had traveled to this hot spring to spend a month there where the wife could soak. This hot spring is supposed to have healing powers and the wife had severe arthritis. They hoped that frequent soaks in the hot spring would help her situation. They went on to say that they usually didn't wear anything unless they had to. Most of the time there was no one around so they didn't bother with clothes. They also said they had seen me get out of the car naked and guessed that we had planned on not wearing swimsuits which was fine with them if we were comfortable with it. They walked back to their trailer and went inside. Susan said she wasn't comfortable being naked with them there but she knew that I wanted to spend the day nude and it was alright with her if I wanted to take my shorts off. I immediately took them off and threw them over to our pile of stuff.
Susan and I soaked in the spring a few times during the day. We would return to the shade of our awning for drinks and snacks between going for a dip again. Because we weren't alone there wasn't much playing with each other and no sex. The couple came over a couple of times to get in the water again. Noticing that Susan still had her swimsuit on, they kept towels wrapped around them until they got to the spring. They paid no attention to me being naked but one time when we were in the water together with them, Susan got out and sat at the edge. She had forgotten about how sheer her swimsuit became when it was wet. Her beautiful breasts could be seen very clearly. Her nipples had become hard knobs after getting out of the hot water and sitting with a slight breeze. The dark nipples were pushing at the thin fabric of her suit. The husband couldn't help noticing Susan's swimsuit. He kept glancing at her and talking to her. She noticed his glances and where he was looking. She looked down at her suit and saw how transparent it was. She blushed and started to cover up but realized it was too late for that and just accepted the situation.
I remained naked all day, including going back and forth to the hot spring, relaxing in our chairs, taking down our picnic site, and loading everything into the car. Susan didn't want to travel in wet clothes so she stood behind the car while she dried off and changed into a tank top and shorts. She looked incredible! The couple came over to say goodbye and chat for a moment before we left. I could tell the husband appreciated Susan's outfit too. His towel couldn't hide his growing erection.
We finally left to drive back home but took a different route back. This took us on country roads for a while but eventually brought us to the freeway. We didn't need to stop for gas but we were hungry so we decided to go to one of the fast food restaurants near the freeway entrance. The restaurant had a long drive thru line. I hadn't gotten dressed before we left the hot spring so I still had nothing on. Susan reached over and started toying with my exposed dick as our car inched toward the pick up window. It occurred to me that neither of us had cum the entire trip. With my built up need her little bit of playing got my cock instantly hard. I threw a towel across my lap when there was only one car in front of us in line. Susan continued stroking me under the towel even when we stopped at the window. She still continued to tease my cock and balls until she was sure that the girl at the window had noticed the towel moving and her hand underneath it. The girl had a surprised but excited look on her face. She knew what was going on under there. When the girl started handing me our food, Susan pulled her hand out and sucked on her fingers. She gave the girl a wink before taking the food from me. The girl had a big smile on her face as we left.
With the food to eat and concentrating on the freeway traffic, thoughts of playing were forgotten. It was already dark when we entered the city so I didn't worry about driving around naked. I parked in our garage and pressed the button to close the door. I made sure the garage door was all the way closed before I got out of the car. Susan headed straight into the house to use the bathroom while I started unloading the car. I was tired and smelled of a combination of sweat, hot spring, and bug repellent. I couldn't wait to get in the shower and wash off but needed to unload the car first. I was getting a little irritated that Susan was taking so long in the house and hadn't come out to help me. She appeared naked in the doorway and told me to come inside. I started to say that we still had stuff to unpack when she cut me off and said in a stern voice, "Get in the house!" I stopped what I was doing and headed inside, wondering what I had done wrong.
Once inside she grabbed me by the dick and started pulling me down the hall. Still confused, I followed her into our bedroom. She had lit candles and had a few of our favorite toys laid out on the bed. I could hear the water running in shower which was in our master bath. Susan had set up the bedroom and gotten the shower running with hot water. I gave her a quizzical look to which she replied, "You don't think I'm going to fuck you smelling like that, do you?" She grabbed my cock even harder as she led me into the shower.
We had built up so much sexual energy during the day that we were quickly out of the shower and all over each other.
That was just the beginning of a night of incredible sex.
And the end of a perfect day.