Author's note: thank you for your interest, comments and votes on chapter 1 - all appreciated. Chapter 2 sees Kirsty continue her journey into exhibitionism, I hope you enjoy and I welcome your feedback.
*****
The next few days continued the epiphany of her exhibitionism and voyeurism. The sensation of a completely shaved pussy was wonderful, and even made wearing tight jeans a pleasure.
Kirsty had also taken to walking around the flat without a bra on, enjoying the friction of her hard nipples against her clothes. She was permanently aroused and had masturbated more in the last few days than ever before. She had begun fantasising about buying a vibrator or dildo like the one she knew Sam kept in her underwear drawer.
On Thursday she decided to skip morning lectures and stay home alone while everyone else was out. After eating a leisurely breakfast in the clothes she'd slept in - a grey athletic vest and lacey boy-shorts, Kirsty's mind began to wander to the events of the previous Saturday. Recalling the actions of the strangers in the doorway, her hands began to caress her nipples through the vest making them stand to attention.
Wanting to emulate the girl on the night, She went to her room and put on her highest stiletto heels. Automatically feeling 10 times sexier, she squatted down in front of the mirror, pulled her boy-shorts aside and lifted her vest top to expose her long nipples. Her pussy was already wet, her clit enlarged through arousal and pink folds of her labia beautifully exposed and slick.
Sighing, she spread her thighs completely, and with both hands explored herself. Two fingers of her left hand stroked the length of her slit, spreading the wetness around, while her right hand rubbed her clit making her squirm. Spreading her lips she pushed two fingers inside herself, enjoying the momentary feeling of fullness. She tugged at her nipples, feeling darts of pleasure spreading to her pussy.
Looking at her flushed face and chest in the mirror, she knew exactly how the girl had felt on that night. The empowerment and longing of exposure. Kirsty longed to have a cock to play with to enjoy the full experience. A wicked thought crossed her mind and she stood up and walked to Sam's room.
Moving quickly, Kirsty opened Sam's top drawer and felt around. She quickly found what she desired - Sam's 8 inch black latex dildo. It was fairly realistic with a large mushroom head, veins and two large balls at the base. On the bottom a suction cup allowed the user to stick it to a flat surface to enjoy. The thing felt big, heavy and deliciously filthy in her hands. She rushed out of Sam's room, keen to experiment with her borrowed toy.
The knock at the door of the flat occurred exactly as she walked past, making her cry out in fright. She quickly appraised her situation: alone in the flat, wearing a thin vest which perfectly showed every contour of her hard nipples. Lacey boy shorts, damp with excitement, 5 inch stiletto heels elongating her legs and forcing her to push out her arse and tits as she stood. Topped off with an 8-inch black latex cock in her hand and the unmistakable flush and smell of sex about her person. She couldn't pretend to be out as whoever it was must have heard her cry out before.
The old Kirsty would've scampered back to her room to kick off the high heels and pull on a thick bath robe.
The newly awakened Kirsty, however, called out "just a minute" as she stuck the suction cup of the dildo to the telephone table just inside the hallway and tugged her nipples to make them stand out even more. Her pussy creamed in anticipation as she unlocked the door and swung it open.
The parcel delivery guy initially seemed pissed off at having to wait, but that soon turned to stuttering awe as he drank in the sight before him. The young brunette girl was beautiful. wearing underwear and high heels she had a dusky skin tone and a cute dimple in her cheek as she smirked at his reaction. He couldn't help but ogle her body - toned arms and legs, good sized tits with huge nipples threatening to poke through a very thin vest.
"Hi, sorry to keep you. You caught me getting dressed," the girl spread her arms and looked down at herself, as if to show her predicament, giving him the excuse to stare at her nearly naked tits again.
"N-n-no problem miss. I've come to collect a parcel and deliver another."
"Oh yes, Sam mentioned something about that. Wait here please,"
She turned and strutted through the flat, stilettos punctuating every step as she rolled her hips to show off her arse to maximum effect. When she returned she was pleased to see it had worked, as the parcel guy was sporting an impressive tent at the front of his cargo shorts.
He took the parcel and handed her a new one. Kirsty made sure she got nice and close to him to sign the paperwork. The poor guy was shaking as she pressed her breast into his forearm as she signed the docket.
As he made to leave, he stuttered, "thanks again miss, enjoy the rest of your morning"
She picked up the dildo and winked, "Oh I will, thank you very much!"
She kicked the door shut, and as it closed she looked him in the eye, lifted the rubber cock to her mouth and sucked the head. Kirsty could swear she heard him groan as the door latched.
She laughed as she walked to her room - unable to believe she was so bold. She felt lightheaded, all the blood in her body seemed to be flowing between her rock hard nipples and her now throbbing pussy.
The rubber cock felt heavy and big in her hands. Once again, Kirsty squatted in front of the mirror and spread her legs wide. Her white boy-shorts panties were completely soaking, almost transparent in the way they crudely displayed her aroused labia and clit. She couldn't resist a quick rub of her clit through the damp material.
She raised the dildo again and kissed the head, fantasising about the couple in the doorway. She wasn't very experienced in the art of giving blow jobs, but enjoyed the sensation of having a big 'cock' in her mouth.
She felt the need to fuck the thing though, and let it fall out of her mouth with a pop. Imagining she had been bold enough to invite parcel guy in and suck him off, she stuck the suction cup to the wooden floor in front of the mirror and quickly pulled off her knickers. Squatting over it, she rubbed the head up and down her soaking cunt, slapping it against her clit.
Lining it up, she slowly impaled herself on it, the sensation of her pussy geing stretched and filled simultaneously making her mew with pleasure. Down and down she sank until her clit touched the contoured balls at the base of the dildo. She paused to look at the sight - stiletto heels flat on the floor either side of the suction cup. Legs spread wide showing milky thighs and a stretched, soaking pussy topped with a fully engorged clit. Vest top pulled up to provide easy access to those nipples, the flushes of arousal visible on her chest, neck and cheeks.
Kirsty drew herself upwards again until the head was almost visible before slamming down hard - causing herself to scream aloud. Again and again she rose up and down on the fake cock, developing a rythm, twisting and stretching her nipples and slapping her clit as she moaned in pleasure. She felt an orgasm building, starting in the base of her clitoris and intensifying as she fucked herself. Harder and harder she bounced, her eyes rolling back in her head and blood throbbing in her cunt as she rode to ecstacy.
Just as she passed the point of no return, moaning loudly and pinching her nipples with both hands, her eyes flew open.
"You filthy fucking bitch!" Sam and her latest squeeze stood in the doorway to her room, expressions half shocked, half laughing.
"Fuck, not now, please no. Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuck." The sensations in her cunt, clit, nipples reached a crescendo and she came. Hard.
Her audience continued to watch as she gushed fresh juices over her hands, the dildo and even the floor. Kirsty caught Sam's eye as another wave of orgasm struck her. The look was pure arousal. Eventually the pleasure subsided and she regained the power of speech.
"Sam, I'm so sorry, I..."
"Not a problem babes, sexiest thing I've seen for a long time. Come on loverboy, eyes back in your head and come to my room. I'm so horny after that little display and I can't wait to ride your cock like she just rode that dildo."
With that, and one last ogle at her body, the pair went in to Sam's room, leaving the door partly open.