Following many successful years as director of a prominent business organisation, Tatiana was about to retire. Tonight there would be one final board meeting, to be followed by a social farewell party. About eighteen close associates would attend.
As she and her husband were getting dressed for the event, she told him she wanted to give her staff and board a special surprise:
"They've been pestering me for weeks about wanting to see me naked, so before I leave maybe I'll tease them a bit."
Her colleagues had heard about her nude exploits, but only by hearsay, as she'd been careful to keep her exhibitionism separate from the workplace. She and George were avid nudists, active members of a clothing-optional resort far enough from home that they'd probably never bump into anyone from their professional lives. True, she'd playfully stripped off at one or two office parties in the past, but it was now at least six or seven months since she'd done so, and only a few of them had stayed late enough to see her stripping off. The first time she did that, her name quickly got changed to 'Twatiana', but nobody called her that to her face. She knew about that nickname only because she once overheard two interns using it, not knowing she was standing right behind them in the break room. She rather liked the nickname, but couldn't let anyone know that.
At office costume parties, she was always the one showing the most skin. Only a very few office mates had ever actually seen her breasts, but she knew that even in her work attire nobody could possibly be unaware of her rigid nipples, which seemed to always be prominent through no matter how many layers of clothing she wore. Yes, even though she was the boss she knew they respectfully regarded her as a sex symbol. They were always kidding her about wanting to see her naked. At first she thought they were just patronising her because of her age, but soon she realised they really did see her as sexy and desirable. Both the men and the women. They admired her not only for her business acumen but also that she carried her femininity, playfulness, and charm into her mature years. Besides, she was really good to look at.
As she organised her wardrobe for the evening she reminisced about her outside-of-work nude adventures: World Naked Bike Rides, clothing-optional cruises, a couple of nude roles she'd played in community theatre, and her current off-hours gigs as a model for artists. Their son and his wife, and their daughter and her husband had shared in many of the clothing-optional events, at least the ones that didn't involve public sex. George and Tatiani enjoyed having sex in public, but only with each other, and certainly not within view of their children. Being naked with your grown offspring is one thing, but having sex in front of them was beyond what even Tatiana and George were willing to do. They'd been caught once and that was enough.
Nearing retirement age Tatiana was no longer a 'spring chicken', but her well-toned body still attracted attention with or without clothes. Her breasts were pleasantly compact, sagging only slightly, with beautiful stiff nipples pointing straight ahead. Her legs were long and lean and the delicate slit between her legs was bare and unobscured by the neatly trimmed patch of silver pubic hair just above. She was proud of how she looked, and carried herself with a regal elegance befitting a mature, successful businesswoman. She always felt confident in the smart outfits she wore, but felt even more confident when she was naked. She secretly wished she could go naked tonight.
Still getting ready for the evening she laid out a garment that was essentially a long satin sash.
"Tonight I'll wrap this around myself, then after the business meeting I'll slowly unwind it to give them their surprise. Now, George, please help me choose what to wear underneath, what I'll finish the show with. I could wear a bikini top or even a lacy bra, but maybe these pasties would be better so they can see the shape of my boobs...
"...and, for the bottom, help me choose between this g-string and this little adhesive panel famous actresses use in simulated sex scenes so they don't have to worry about the man's cock going were it shouldn't. It's just a strip of tape only wide enough to cover my slit, and they could still see my pubic hair to know for sure I'm not a little girl!"
George said he thought either one would work and left it up to his wife, but silently hoped she'd choose the tape thing so as to not cover her pubes and maybe even reveal the sides of her lips. After she demonstrated how the sash would wrap around her body to look like a smart cocktail dress, he got into the shower. Her plan was to wear a business jacket to cover her otherwise bare shoulders, then after business was concluded she'd shed the jacket and slowly unwrap the sash, to once and for all satisfy their curiosity about what she looked like naked, or at least mostly naked. She'd be giving them lots of skin to look at, and with the minimal coverings she could preserve some modesty in front of her coworkers, yet still enjoy feeling somewhat naked.
By the time George was out of the shower and in his suit, she was dressed and ready, so they left for the meeting. The whole ride there she talked about the thrill she'd have revealing herself in front of workmates and he talked about the thrill he'd have watching her do so, and enjoying his thoughts about her being so minimally clad under her wrap-around sash.
For the past week she'd dropped hints around the workplace that she'd have a special surprise for this last meeting, and now on the way to the venue she wondered what they were guessing it would be.
Once there, she took the director's position on the dais, introduced the board and staff, then conducted the meeting. She looked very smart up there, in her power-jacket over her spiral-wrapped 'gown'. As an invited guest, her husband was seated among about a dozen staff and interns, while Tatiana and her four board members were seated at a table on the raised dais. As business was being concluded, Tatiana was recognised and applauded for her years of service, and presented with a large bouquet of flowers. Then all were invited to move to the back of the room where cocktails and light snacks were waiting. She rose and removed her jacket to bare her shoulders, thus switching to elegant cocktail party mode, and laughingly told everyone to watch for a surprise. The sash was in place around her body, modestly covering her down to about mid-calf.
George waited. He knew what would come next. She'd unwrap herself to show more of her flesh than they'd ever expect of a serious and successful business woman, but really show no more than if she'd been wearing a maybe-too-small bikini. He didn't know whether she'd chosen the g-string or the adhesive strip. But either way, he was looking forward to seeing her show her bottom and the roundness of her breasts to her colleagues. Even though the tips of her nipples and the slit of her pussy, and possibly her pubic hair would be covered, they'd still be delighted with how much skin they'd be seeing.
Still on the raised platform, and in full sight of everyone, she unpinned and pulled the lower end of the sash away from herself and asked the board president to hold that end. Smiling, she slowly rotated herself, thereby unwinding the sash. With each turn, another twenty centimeters or so of her legs and thighs were revealed, and as the remaining fabric rose higher George waited for the g-string or maybe the adhesive strip to come into view. He saw first her rounded bottom, then her bare hips, but then as she completed the next rotation he was shocked to see her bare labia come into view, then the next time around her whole ass and then the neatly trimmed bush above her bare and slightly open slit, and on the next rotation he could just discern the tip of her clitoris. By now, everyone was aware of what was going on, half of them applauded wildly and the rest just gaped, unbelieving. Tatiana was naked from the waist down. George thought maybe the adhesive strip had fallen off and that his wife didn't realise that her bare opening was exposed and at eye level to everyone in the room. Twatiana indeed! But, she was smiling broadly, completely in control of the continuing and very public baring of her body.
It was only then that George realised that those undergarments, abbreviated as they were, were a ruse so that he too would receive a surprise! If the joke was on him, he was enjoying it!
A few turns later the lower half of each breast came into view, next time around the nipples, and finally the whole of her bare breasts--no pasties! The board president was left gasping, holding all of what she'd been wearing, while Tatiana stood proudly, wearing nothing except her high heels and her smile. That's when she raised her arms in triumph and called out "Let's party!" Of course, raising her arms thrust her chest forward, emphasising the visual availability of her bare nipples.
Gradually yielding to her exhibitionist instincts, she boldly paraded to the other end of the raised platform, descended the steps to the floor and spent the next half hour mingling amongst her colleagues. Totally nude. Instead of the pasties, there were her nipples, pointing straight ahead, dark against the light skin of her fully displayed naked breasts. And instead of the g-string or even the modesty patch, the smooth lips of her pussy glistened, parted just enough to reveal the tip of her mischievous little clitoris, demurely peeking out from under its hood.
She could feel the breeze from the air conditioning vents wafting across her exposed nipples and clitoris. Her excitement was mounting, but she carried on, joking and laughing and engaging in conversation as though both her nudity and her sexual excitement were normal. For her, it was normal, just not in this context. If anyone disapproved, whom would they complain to? As Director, she was the boss here! Further, the board president couldn't say anything, because he was the one who had unwittingly disrobed her!
She felt no shame or humiliation, only the sense of power by being the only one naked in this room full of clothed acquaintances. What she did feel was the warm fluid forming a glistening sheen between her legs, and how slippery her bare thighs felt as she moved around the room.
As she made her way amongst the various small groups, any previous conversation quickly turned to Tatiana's nakedness, to how comfortable she felt being naked among her coworkers, and to how couageous she must be to be doing this for them. Even the women complimented her on her pert nipples and attractively groomed pubic hair, but mostly they voiced envy for her bravery. The men raved about how attractive the whole package was, and just stared unashamedly at her various bits. One fellow thought he might seem crude by having mentioned the quite visible slick between her legs, but before he could apologise she quickly put all at ease by cheerily pointing out the source of the fluid, and offered her own apology for becoming so aroused when she hadn't intended to do so. She suspected then verified that they could smell her arousal as well as see it. She had planned to be naked, but really hadn't planned on sending sexual signals.
She tried to explain the difference between being an exhibitionist and being provocative, but realised she wasn't convincing anyone.
She told those around her: "Usually when I'm naked it's not a sex thing. But tonight for some reason, maybe it's because I know each of you and I know how you've heard the stories of my going naked and were wondering what I look like without my clothes. Well, right now certain parts of my body that I can't control are just getting carried away and revealing how sexy I'm feeling. Maybe because I'm the only naked person here, but it's really put me on a very pleasant and exciting edge of something. I feel like my clit is about to explode, and in fact look here and you can see that it's sticking out all by itself. I've never seen it so exposed before."
Now in full exhibitionist mode, she called across the room to her husband: "George, please come over here and tell us if you've ever before seen my clit out this far. Maybe we'd better get home soon, or at least to the car, before I do something I don't want my friends here to see me doing."
Once the question about her clit was settled, she quickly made the rounds to bid everyone goodnight and farewell, then, still naked, she headed toward the door. She asked her husband to collect her jacket, which she placed around her shoulders. It came down only to her waist, so several of the others, both male and female, formed a protective phalanx around her for the walk to the parking garage. As she swung her parted legs into the car, she made sure they all got a long, memorable farewell view of the real Twatiana.