Authors note: This is my first submitted story, so please be kind. I appreciate any and all constructive feedback. Hope you enjoy. A big thank you to Snowbear for expert editing help.
There were only two cars in the trail head parking lot when I arrived that morning, a blue Honda Civic and a Green Subaru outback. I usually try to guess, as I meet people on the trail, which car belongs to whom. I've never had an opportunity to find out if I am right, but it is an interesting exercise to occupy the mind during the outing.
I switched to my hiking shoes, then added the snacks, water, first aid kit and ever-present mask to my backpack. One of the advantages of hiking in this time of pandemic, is that most people stay 6 ft apart and mask wearing is not needed for 99% of the time on the trail.
Just as I was locking my car, an old brown pick-up pulled in. A young guy was driving, and his significant other was slid over on the bench seat like we all wanted our girlfriends to do back in high school. I started toward the trail and looked back to see them emerge from the truck. He was in his late 20's, tall and muscular with brown hair. She was similar aged, shorter, blonde hair, lean, and she was wearing a tight-fitting tee shirt that showed off her breasts. She was very well endowed. Just before I turned away, she grabbed his ass and he bent down to deeply kiss her. I felt like an intruder but enjoyed the voyeuristic aspect of my good fortune.
I moved onto the trail and quickly it steepened to be a real workout. The trail consisted of tree roots and boulders, acting at times like climbing a never-ending staircase. There were a few flat spots and at the second one I stopped to rest my old body and catch my breath. Only ¾ of mile in and I needed some water and a couple of minutes to recover. About the time I was ready to start again, along came the young couple cruising up the trail. They continued right past me, each giving a hearty "Good Morning." The young woman looked even more attractive up close and for, at least the next 5 mins, I got to follow them, and admire the view of her firm bottom.
A little about me. I am a fairly fit gentleman, in my early 60's who loves to hike. Mostly I am relegated to slow and steady but I genuinely enjoy being outside and in the woods. I hike quite often, and this was one of my favorite trails. There are fantastic views at the top, especially on a clear day like it was that day. I have a few friends who hike but they all still have jobs and kids etc. So, I end up out by myself often, as was the case in this tale.
About halfway up, the urge to pee got strong enough, that I took a side trail off to the right. I went about a hundred yards to a hemlock thicket, where I wouldn't be seen from the main trail. As I unzipped and started to pee, I heard a female voice say, "Is anyone there? Is the trail this way? I got off the trail and turned around." Then boom, she busted through the Hemlocks and was confronted with me with my dick out peeing a steady stream.
I tried to turn away without peeing all over myself but was hemmed in by the tree branches. I heard just sort of a gasp. I said, "Just a sec, I can help you back to the trail." I quickly zipped up and looked up, to see a fit older woman, maybe late 40's or early 50's, staring at me with a bit of a smirk.
She said, "My name is Gwen and I have been lost for what feels like an hour but probably was only 5 minutes. I am so glad you decided to pee over here."
I laughed and told her the trail was back behind us and I would be happy to help her find her way.
We worked our way back to the trail and continued hiking up together. She shared with me that this was her first time at this particular trail and her first-time hiking solo. Her two girlfriends both bailed on her the night before and she was determined to not waste such a beautiful day. I explained how my hiking friends were mostly too busy to join me during the week and I hiked solo often.
We fell into a comfortable rhythm both in our pace for hiking and our conversation. She was easy to talk to and easy to look at. She was approximately 5ft 2in tall with brown hair and green eyes that sparkled when she smiled. Gwen had a well-toned and well-proportioned body.
Her tee shirt was showing some sweat around her nice sized breasts and her shorts were tight around her bottom, which was the view I had for the next hour, as we climbed the trail.
We took a quick rest stop, keeping 6ft distancing. After putting away our snacks and water, she said, "Ok, you lead. It's my turn to stare at your ass." I blushed a little as I did not know I was being that obvious, but also smiled at the fact that she liked my ass.
I do not think I had taken more than about fifteen steps in the lead, when I heard, "Shit!" I turned around and saw her sprawled on the ground. I could see Gwen had tripped over a tree root and skinned her knee. I made my way back down to Gwen and asked if she was ok.
"Yes, just embarrassed and a little bloody" she sighed.
I opened my backpack and got out my first aid kit. Before I could come any closer, she asked, "Will you please wear your mask if we get closer than 6 ft? My mother has a compromised immune system, having just finished Chemo and I am trying extremely hard to minimize my exposure to COVID. I spend a lot of days with her as she continues to build back her strength."
I said, "I totally understand." and put the mask on before checking out her knee. I put the first aid kit on the ground next to Gwen as she took her mask from her pocket and put it on.
I opened the First Aid kit and right at the top was a 3 pack of condoms. She raised an eyebrow and asked, "What first aid issues are those for?"
I stammered a bit and then explained, "I was a boy scout and I try to always be prepared... for anything that may arise out here in the woods."
She laughed, in a wonderful infectious way. I got an alcohol wipe out to clean her knee. I could feel her skin was exceptionally smooth as I cleaned up the blood. I applied some Neosporin and a band aid, relishing the luxury of touching her leg. I helped her stand up and asked her again if she was ok.
She hopped on both legs, did some deep knee bends, and declared, "A-OK, let's keep going."
I responded with, "If you keep your eyes on the ground instead of my ass, maybe that won't happen again." She laughed loudly and pushed me ahead of her. The masks came off and we continued up the trail.
As we got within a half mile of the top, there was a tricky spot where we had to climb up some boulders or walk a long way to the left before doubling back. I scrambled up my usual route over the boulders, but Gwen is on the short side and was having a hard time finding hand and foot holds that she could reach. I doubled back to help her.
First, I put my mask on and she did the same as I got nearby. I reached out and grabbed her hand to pull her up over the first boulders. From there I tried to show her the best place to find a handhold to use, but she was just a few inches too short.
She looked a bit dejected after trying multiple times, so I asked her if she would allow me to give her a push and she quickly responded," Yes, let's get over these stupid boulders."
I used both of my hands to grab her very firm bottom and push up until she could reach the hand hold. My mind went to very naughty places as I held on to her ass cheeks. I gave Gwen a second push to get her foot up on the next rock crag and she scrambled up to the top while I followed. I directed Gwen off to the right of the main trail. There was a nice flat area with 3 rocks to sit on. We rested there for a few minutes as the summit was only an easy walk from there.
While we are taking a snack and water break, we heard a strange rhythmic slapping sound. It was coming from a little further to the right, so Gwen moved that way, cocking her head and listening intently. She hoisted herself up on a small boulder and crawled forward to the edge. She put her mask back on and motions me to come up with her, while also giving me the be-quiet sign. I donned my face mask, climb up and lay on the boulder next to her as she pointed down below us. Gwen draped her right arm around my waist.
There was a grove of trees with a small opening between those trees and the rocks we were laying on. It was about 20 feet below us and invisible from the trail. The only view into this clearing was from this boulder. Directly below us, the young couple I saw earlier were engaged in mad passionate sex.
The young woman had her shirt off and her shorts down around her ankles. She was holding onto a tree with her arms as he was plowing into her from behind. The slapping noises were much louder up on our secret spot. We could also hear her moaning and him grunting with each stroke. He reached out to grab one of her massive tits as he continued moving in a steady rhythm.
They seemed to be oblivious of anything or anyone around. I was really enjoying the show and looked over at Gwen. She never took her eyes off the couple and at one point I saw her lick her lips.
After a few minutes, the guy increased his pace, pounding his cock into the girl harder and faster. He would come almost all the way out and then ram his cock back into her glistening pussy with louder and louder slaps.
She pleaded, "Don't come yet, don't you dare come." She also managed to move one arm off the tree and down between her legs. I assumed to rub her clit, but we were not at the right angle to see.
They got a bit wobbly with only one arm on the tree. He was obviously close to coming as he kept up the fast and hard tempo. He drove as far as he could inside her and stayed there, obviously reaching an orgasm. His ass twitched and we could see a couple of shudders over his entire body. She yelled, "No not yet!" as her arm was frantically stoking between her legs.
He reached his hand on top of hers and stoked in unison with her. Her moans increased and finally she let out a loud," Yes, YES!, OH YES!"
Gwen moved her arm a little lower and grabbed my butt. I looked over to see her eyes were still focused on the couple while she squeezed my ass. Gwen leaned toward me, and without taking her eyes off of the couple whispered through her mask, "It's only fair, you got to feel my ass."
The girl stood up for a moment as they disengaged, and we could see his cock was deflating as it slid out of her. She dropped to her knees on the soft forest floor and took his entire cock in her mouth in one motion. He raised his head in ecstasy and he opened his eyes to look up... directly at us. Gwen gasped and scrambled down the rock out of sight. He just smiled at me and gave me the be-quiet signal. Seems everyone wanted me to be quiet.
I slid down off the rock and found Gwen giggling softly. She said she has never watched anyone having sex before. I asked what she thought.
She fanned herself with her hand and said, "Hot, hot hot. I didn't realize how turned I could get watching others having sex."
As we started walking toward the summit, she proceeded to tell me about how her husband had left her 8 years ago. She had to raise their daughter mostly alone since his new trophy wife (not first place) did not really get along with kids. Her daughter was now at college, so Gwen was alone and trying to get out and do more things.
"Like hiking and watching young people copulate," I asked with a sheepish grin.
She punched me in the arm and said "Yes, I plan on making it a weekly routine. Do you think they will perform for us every week; you jerk!"
We both laughed at that and started up the last stretch to the summit. I really liked her laugh.
In a flash, we are at the top. The weather was perfect with a few wispy clouds and the view was spectacular. We could see over 100 miles in every direction. We met a pair of women sitting on some rocks enjoying some lunch. We exchanged hellos and chatted about the beautiful day. I guessed that they were the Honda Civic owners, so if I was right, Gwe the Subaru belonged to Gwen.
I steered Gwen a little past the summit to a westward view with a great flat rock to sit on. We stayed 6 ft apart enjoying our respective snacks, water, and the scenery. She told me about her daughter, and I bragged about my children as most parents do. Our small talk petered out and we sat gazing at the mountains and valleys in front of us.
Gwen then put on her mask and moved over next to me. I also put on my mask and gazed into her beautiful eyes as she slid her arm around my waist.
She sighed and said, "Watching that young couple has gotten me very horny. I'm in a prolonged dry spell with my sex life. Without BOB, my battery operated boyfriend, I would have no sex life at all. I hope I have not misread your flirting with me today and I can't believe I am saying this, but I want you to get out your First Aid kit, and put one of your emergency condoms to use, Mr. Boy Scout."
I reached down to put my hand on her thigh, squeezing it while nodding my head vigorously. "I know the perfect spot," I whispered through my mask.
We scrambled up, grabbed our backpacks and headed back down the trail. She seemed giddy with excitement and I could feel my cock getting hard just thinking about what was ahead of us. At a sharp turn in the trail, we literally bumped into the young couple coming up the trail. Gwen did not look them in the eye, keeping her gaze at her feet. I gave them a hearty "Hello", and exchanged knowing looks with the guy. He smiled and nodded as they continued to the summit.
I grabbed Gwen's hand and led her off on a seldom used and somewhat overgrown side trail around the boulder area. I led us through many overhanging branches and low shrubbery until we pushed our way through into the clearing.
The whole mask thing is a pain and I would have loved to be able kiss Gwen at that moment, but I respected her wishes. We stood face to face or should I say mask to mask. Her eyes were telling me that she felt the same way. We hugged for the first time. As her body molded into mine, I was sure she could feel my erection, which had become fully engorged.
She reached her hand down my back, grabbing my ass to pull our bodies closer and grinding herself into my erection. I loved the feel of her breasts against my chest. I slid down her body to land on my knees in the soft forest duff of the clearing then reached up with one hand to feel her breast through her tee shirt and bra. The other hand moved behind Gwen to cup her ass for the 2ndtime. She grabbed the bottom of her tee shirt with both hands and pulled it up and over her head then quickly removes her sports bra and gently lays it on her backpack.
I looked up to see a perfect pair of breasts with large areola and long hard nipples sticking out at me begging to be licked. Standing back up, I lowered my mask around my neck and bent down to lick her left breast, while reaching out with my hand to caress the other. Gwen sighed and cupped the back of my head, pulling me closer. She let out a little squeak of delight behind her mask as my mouth closed in on her nipple. I sucked, licked and lightly bit before moving my mouth to the other breast. It tasted just as good and elicited some very pleasing sounds from behind Gwen's mask.
As my mouth explored and teased Gwen's nipples, I moved my hands down to her shorts. I unbuckled her belt, unsnapped the top button, and slowly moved the zipper down. I eased my hand into her shorts and only her underwear was between my hand and her pussy. I could feel her wetness on the outside of the cute blue undies. I switched back to the first breast, but Gwen pushed my head down actively telling me what she wanted.
She helped me push her shorts down to her ankles and they pooled around her hiking shoes. I knelt again and moved my nose in close to breathe in her arousal. I reached around to cup her ass with my hands before raising my hands up to waistband of her underwear and gently pulling them down over her luscious ass. The underwear also slid to her feet. I leaned in and gave her one slow lick across her lips. She shuddered and pulled my head closer to her extremely wet vagina.
I used my tongue to lap up the liquid on her lips, penetrating as far as my tongue could go. Her pubic hair was tickling my nose. I licked from bottom to top slowly, savoring her taste and smell. I used my thumbs to pull apart her outer lips and stuck out my tongue to push as far inside her as I could. Gwen was sighing, moaning, and starting to breathe heavily through her mask. My tongue worked its way up to find her hard clit and I worked around it in circles before sucking it hard into my mouth.
As I sucked hard on her clit, I inserted one finger into her and curled it up. Gwen grabbed my head pulling me into her pussy and exclaimed, "Yes, right there, don't stop." Gwen started a series of cute little squeaks amid her ragged breathing. She came, drenching my face with her nectar. Her hands gripped my head with such intensity, I was afraid she had left imprints in my scalp. I used my tongue to clean up all the juice that I could, although Gwen pulled my head away each time I got near her extremely sensitive clit.
"That was fantastic, you hit all the right spots. I haven't come like that in many years, thank you so much," she panted.
"My pleasure," I replied, as I pulled my mask back up over my mouth and nose.
Gwen quickly unlaced her boots and stepped out them and her cute blue underwear and hiking shorts. She stood before me, completely nude from her mask to her socks. It was a heavenly view, far better than the summit vista. I could not believe my good fortune, but my raging hard-on reminded me, that maybe it was my turn. Gwen smiled at me. At least I think she was smiling by the way her eyes were crinkled up above her mask. She grabbed my hand and my backpack while leading me to the other side of the clearing, near the larger trees.
She hugged me again whispering through her mask, "Are you ready for some attention. The tent in your shorts seems to indicate that."
She reached down to grab my cock through the shorts traced the outline of my cock with her hand and whistled. "I can't wait to get this inside me. Please get your first kit out."
I hated to pull away from her hand stroking by throbbing penis through my clothes, but I took a step to my backpack and removed the first aid kit to get the condoms. She stepped with me and grabbed the condom from my hand, kneeling in front of me.
Gwen unbuttoned my shorts before pulling down the zipper. As she tugged my shorts down, my erection pushed farther out with just my underwear to hold it back. She gripped me through the cotton fabric, gently exploring the entire length of my cock.
Her other hand reached behind me. Her thumb hooked inside my waistband and slid around my midsection. She pulled the waistband out and down over my raging erection. I could feel the cooler air on my extremely hot cock.
Gwen lowered her mask and kissed the end of my penis making it twitch with excitement. Her hand cupped my balls as she opened her mouth and engulfed my head. It felt so wonderfully warm and wet. She swirled her tongue around and around sending shivers up my spine. She bobbed up and down taking about half of my cock in her mouth each time. If she'd kept it up I would have quickly lost control.
Gwen popped her mouth off my cock and opened the condom wrapper saying ,"I know you are enjoying this, but I need this cock in me ASAP!"
I responded, "Your wish is my command".
Gwen rolled the condom on my penis, making sure the tip had plenty of room. She then again inserted my condom clad cock into her mouth coating it with saliva. She then stood up and pulled her mask back on while moving to the same tree that we had seen the couple using earlier.
Gwen leaned over to grab the tree with her arms, while wiggling her ass and exposing her glistening pussy. "Please fill me up with your cock" she pleaded while looking over her shoulder at me.
I moved behind her and grabbed my penis to position it in the correct spot. I rubbed the tip up and down her slit and then rubbed circles around her clitoris. I moved the head to just enter her pussy and left it there for a few seconds. I could feel her tense up with anticipation.
I slowly pushed in until my stomach was flush with her ass. Gwen let out a loud sigh and a muffled moan as I went as deep as I could.
I started to slowly move in and out. On each stroke I pulled out to where I had just the tip in her heavenly warm hole and stopped. Then I pushed in until I felt my balls slap against her. We sped up our strokes and she was pushing back to meet me on each downward plunge.
As we got into a great rhythm, I reached around Gwen to grab her breast. I tweaked her nipple on each down stroke. Her breathing was becoming heavier. Her moans were becoming louder. I wondered if anyone on the trail could hear us.
I was determined to have Gwen come before me, so I moved my hand from her breast, down her stomach, into her pubic hair and found her hard-little nub. My fingers ran circles around her clit. I tried to rub in time with our bodies, but our desires had sped up our pace and staying balanced was taking some work. Gwen anchored on the tree helped.
Soon, Gwen started making the same squeaks and ragged breathing as before. I knew she was close, so I speed up my pelvic thrusts as fast I dared without knocking us over.
I had both hands hanging on to Gwen's waist, when I finally heard her say, "I am coming again, YES!" in between grunts from the force of our coupling.
I could feel her pussy gripping my cock. I kept thrusting, concentrating on how great it felt to have my cock in Gwen's pussy. How warm it was. How could it be soft and tight, at the same time?
When Gwen demanded, "Please come for me.," that put me over the edge to releasing my cum into the condom. My body shuddered and I squirted what seemed like gallons of cum. I slumped over on Gwen's back, both of us trying to catch our breath through the masks.
My softening cock slipped from her. We stood and embraced, hugging tightly. I so wished I could kiss her. I was facing the boulders and Gwen was facing the trees. I looked up wondering. On top of the rocks are the heads of the young couple peering down at us.
I smiled and whispered in Gwen's ear, "How would you feel if someone was watching us? Like we were watching before."
I didn't know what her reaction would be. Embarrassed, excited, mad? She turned around to face the boulders and just broke out laughing.
She gave them a wave and said, "Well, it is only fair, since we watched them earlier."
I laughed with her. Here we were, strangers 3 hours ago, now mostly naked and laughing hysterically in front of other people. That got the young voyeur couple laughing as well.
Gwen and I put our clothes back on and made our way back to the trail. We kept our masks on so we could be closer together and even hold hands when the trail flattened and widened out. We made our way to the parking lot. The young couple's truck was gone. We walked over to the Subaru and she unlocked it and dropped her backpack in the trunk.
I said "Wow, I got that right."
I saw her staring at me with what I assume was a "what the hell are you talking about" look behind the mask. I told her about my car guessing game. She laughed out loud and said, "I did not realize I looked like a Subaru kind of girl."
"I knew you loved your children more than Honda drivers." I commented, "Also, this was first time I ever found out if my guesses were right or wrong."
We made a date for a different hike for the following week. I told her I would not invite my friends if she would not invite hers.
She said, "Forget those girls, you are my hiking buddy from now on, as long as you bring your First Aid kit."