Over recent months, my girlfriend had agreed to me taking some rather sexy pictures of her and a chap called Roger, who I knew through work, had been developing them in his attic lab for us. She'd agree to this arrangement but had no idea who he was. One day after he'd done a fantastic job of processing a large number of prints I asked him what I could do to compensate him and he said he didn't want any money or anything like that but he would rather like to see her in person as he thought her photos were fabulous. He and I decided that this would need careful handling as she was actually quite shy and neither of us wanted to spoil her latent but increasingly intense exhibitionist tendencies. I told Roger that she had recently been getting quite curious about porn films and I'd arranged to take her to a local cinema club the following Friday to see one as she had the afternoon off work. He and I agreed that, if he came as well, he could follow us in unannounced and get to see her by sitting in the row just behind us. I also said that I'd try to persuade her to wear some sexy clothes so I could caress her as she watched the film, as I knew that she would enjoy this.
I felt very proud of her standing next to me as we queued to sign into the film club. She looked slightly flushed and excited in a very silky pair of hip hugging harem pants, her white cotton bomber jacket and some strappy high heels. The jacket was quite short and left tantalising glimpses of the smooth round bare curves of her hips, tummy and the tops of her buttocks. I spotted Rog two or three places behind us in the queue and gave him a quick wink. When I turned back I saw my g/f was lowering the zip on her jacket and the see-through shirt it revealed seemed more undone that done up. 'Have you been walking around all the time like that?' I asked. She just gave me a big grin in response, blushing a bit more and finished undoing the zip. 'You've got several admirers here' I whispered, looking at her pert boobs struggling to escape from her shirt's scanty covering. I got another sexy grin from her as she clasped my hand with both of hers and gave it a little squeeze.
I signed us in and we entered the auditorium which was still lit, so it was easy to pick two seats a couple of rows from the back on the right hand side quite close to the wall. Almost immediately as we sat down, the lights began to dim and, as they did, I felt a double tap on my shoulder as Rog passed me and sat down immediately behind my sexy lady. I think I'll let her take up the story now, as what transpired had really started the night before.
Hello, my name's Chelle and my boyfriend has asked me to write down the story of a rather strange experience that made me really, really horny in a very public place and gave me the confidence to become a true exhibitionist for him – so here goes.
There'd been a programme on the telly about a company that makes XXX rated films and as my boyfriend and I were watching it, I mentioned that it was making me feel so sexy I'd really like to see one. I'd always had a secret desire to find out what they were really like and the snippets we saw in the TV programme weren't the usual pathetic rubbish but quite a thoughtful, if extremely erotically acted, story about the sexual awakening of a young girl and the exploration of her desires through several encounters. Seeing my interest, especially in the lesbian scenes my b/f offered to take me to see a real film and when I jokingly said 'how about tomorrow then?' he said 'why not' making my heart leap right into my mouth.
He told me that until we went I was to refrain from any sort of sexual activity. This was very hard as I was already very wet from what we'd been watching on the TV and that night it took me ages to get to sleep. Although I woke quite early my b/f had already gone to work. It was a glorious morning and, as I suddenly remembered what I'd been promised later, I felt a warm tingling between my legs and my nipples hardening. I got under a luke warm shower, trying to cool down a bit, but the water flowing over me only made me feel even sexier.
All morning at work I kept thinking about my treat and I left as early as I could to have a quick freshen up and to change into an outfit I thought would match the occasion and please my b/f. I put on my filmy harem pants and my strappy sandals. With the slightly elasticated waist cord on a toggle like an anorak tie, I could adjust the fit so that they sat really low on my hips. My blouse was cropped a couple of inches short of my belly button and the satiny material felt so delicious as I rubbed it over my stalky nipples. Help!, I thought, I promised not to play. I put on my white bomber jacket to complete the outfit and a few strategic dabs of my favourite perfume. God, I felt randy, especially with not a stitch of underwear on.
Half way down the stairs I unzipped the jacket and undid all but the bottom button on the blouse then re-zipped the top. My little sexy secret.
to be continued...