World War T is a series of independent, vaguely interconnected stories about different tentacle monsters invading earth, very much an erotic homage to World War Z. These very short stories do not need to be read sequentially.
*
There are two types of baths...
I know I'm not alone in tickling myself with the water.
I know, I know, I sound stupid but sometimes those juvenile names for self-love seem to stick. I can't help it. I never shed that stigma around sex, especially alone.
I mean, I masturbated... who doesn't? But I could barely talk about sex let alone articulate to Rachel why I really needed a long soak...
On the other side of the spectrum, my roommate had little problem shedding her clothes and playing with herself in the common areas. I'd caught her a few times in the living room already, but I never said anything. Given the casual way she flirted with the subject, I don't know that she would have even cared if I watched. Even so, it was a little shameful to admit that I'd lingered a few times, unable to stop my bicuriosity.
We lived on the beach. I was on my way out through the living room when I saw her breasts, her bikini top pulled down on either side, the tan-lines from our time in the sun shining out it as a pale beacon, flashing neon signs to what she was doing to herself....
I just watched, one leg up and splayed out on the living room chair, the other disappearing from my view. I could see her nipples, tiny and dark against the light silhouette of where her bikini top would have rested. They moved with each heavy breath, her breasts a little bigger than mine, seeming to sway as if inviting my attention.
God she was just so gorgeous.
My hand reached down, touching myself without any real purpose, lost as platinum blonde hair fell into her eyes, her lips pursed together in a growing groan.
She let a cry...
"Just like that..."
It brought me out of my reverence, making me rush blush-faced towards my room, only to change my mind.
I'm one of those women who overdoes the bathroom, so even though I needed the release, I first needed to add the salts and sunflowers mixture (and a dozen other things) in order to really relax. I adjusted the knobs, finding the right temperature between scalding hot and artic chill only after tweaking the handle back and forth compulsively.
I undid my robe, looking at my lily white skin in the mirror, thinking about tying up my dark hair before deciding I would just give everything a thorough wash.
I wondered if a tan like Rachel's would even take on my skin...
And with the thoughts of her breasts, the image of them peeking out from the side of the chair fresh in my mind, I slid down into the rising water. I adjusted, my legs outside of the porcelain, the water falling down onto my clit in the precise position I'd always enjoyed. One finger touched my nipple, the other spreading myself apart...
It was a violation of our friendship, but I couldn't stop myself from joining Rachel, imaging even more as I started to bring myself towards the precipice. I let out a moan, relaxing, knowing the pounding water would mask what I was really doing in here from who I was really thinking about.
The crash came against the door first, not quite opening it before she turned the handle.
Did I react? Did she see me with my legs up in the air, my pussy reacting to the pressure of the faucet? And worse...
Did she know why?
Shocked and struggling to hide my body, I had partially submerged myself, splashing bubbly water all around me. I tried to blink back to see what was happening, barely able to understand the sudden shattering of my sanctuary.
Rachel was out of breath, naked, holding something to her chest. I tried to wipe the water from my face, unable to believe what she had clutching her to breasts.
There were so many arms...
I could barely conceive of the creature, the red mass of tentacles spiraling out almost from its beady almond eyes. But its flesh seemed pale, quickly changing to a sickly grey, except for a black splotch on the head, almost like a birthmark.
"Move over!" Rachel cried, one leg already into the bath. "He needs water!"
Did I even manage to protest?
Did I want to?
I could see her vagina, smooth and close for one strange second before she turned around, her pert and bubbly ass descending down on top of me. Her buttchecks were in my lap, her body slipping down so easily into mine, her petite frame setting as she slowly submerged the octopus-like creature into the water.
"There, there..." She cooed. "Is that better Tattoo?
The black mark...
And then I came to my senses.
"Rachel... what is happening!"
But that didn't even communicate it.
"It's okay, Ruby, he's going to be fine!"
Her voice came out giddy and excited, but with a strange timbre that made her sound stoned. Rachel's tiny body nestled up against me, all the tense and fearful excitement from only seconds earlier dissipated with an almost unnaturally instancy, surging from her to me. I thought of that thing touching me... so close... it's tendrils against Rachel's tits....
I held my breath, feeling her bare bottom move against my pussy.
And even terrified, I found myself thinking that if I had a cock, I would have been inside of her.
I looked down in my lap and saw that the creature had extended one of its tentacles, reaching down and covering her pussy.
Why was it touching her?
Why didn't she notice?Her eyes opened, looking up into mine. Rachel let out a long gasp, grinding against me, clearly enjoying the creature's attention.
Oh god, she did notice!
I had one moment of panic.
"Rachel... what the..."
"Shhh... shh... relax," Rachel whispered, looking up at me. "Let it happen..."
I flinched away as it touched me, the suction cup slippery and hard, a nervous scream rising up from my very soul only to be swallowed with an otherworldly forgetfulness.
The tentacle moved inside of my pussy, my lips parting instantly as the nubby end of the appendage wriggled inside of me. It was so thick, the ridges inside of me stimulating every unseen and unknown nerve in my desperate canal.
The creature... no...
Tattoo moved a tentacle inside each of us with an extraterrestrial ease, our bodies spread and pushed together from these tangled touches in the tub. The threads of intense pleasure pooled together into one being of ecstatic connectedness. It was like Rachel and I intertwined together around the matching tentacles, helping to fuck each other as my breasts rubbed against her back, her body held between my arms.
She looked back, our eyes meeting in mutual anticipation as our lips met for the first time. I could feel her against me while Tattoo drove his spindly tentacles into us, releasing us from his spell only with the semen soaked expression of our codependent climax.
Tattoo held us, arms around us, until the orgasm subsided, his cum washing out with the water now filling out past the brim of our stand-alone tub.
I don't even remember thinking that we should return him to the ocean, only that we walked out together, still naked, knowing it was somehow right to let him back into the surf.