Authors Note: This story is a direct continuation/sequel to my story 'The Joys of an Empty Office'. If you haven't read that, I would advise reading it before this story, as there are many references and a direct continuation of the storyline.
____
"Alright, I'm heading home for the evening!"
"See you tomorrow Helen." Emma mumbled to her blonde co-worker as she got up from her desk to leave the office building. Today had went fairly smoothly all things considered and they got almost all the work they needed done, and Emma was happy enough to stay behind an extra hour to finish up what they hadn't.
They probably could have gotten everything finished had there been three of them, but of course Emma had sent home the other person who was meant to be in that day early. Diane would have been a big help with getting the rest of the work done, but even so, Emma probably could have finished everything earlier had she not been distracted. And what was distracting her?
The image of Diane Brown completely naked, that's what...
"Fucking bimbo." Emma snarled through grit teeth, watching Helen walk through the door. It was meant to be a little mean prank. She had used her status as temporary manager for the day to change the office dress code, forcing Diane to strip naked and do multiple embarrassing things throughout the day. But of course, that all changed... when Diane had a fucking orgasm right in front of her.
The brunette groaned in frustration, struggling to concentrate on her work, as the thoughts of earlier that day continued to replay in her mind. Diane was getting off on her prank! The busty goth girl was actually enjoying the exposure and humiliating scenarios Emma was putting her through. The image of Diane sitting on the photocopier, fondling her giant tits and cumming like a whore had shocked Emma, the petite girl feeling some other unwanted feelings along with that...
So she did what anyone would do... she doubled down, pushing the busty bimbo into even more publicly humiliating situations, but all that served to do was make the little slut even hornier! She had even masturbated and came right in front of her again! What could have been so arousing for her?
"Shit." Emma cringed; she was feeling it again. She knew for a fact what she was feeling, but she absolutely refused to acknowledge that she was getting turned on by thinking of Diane like that. She hated the horny whore, there's no way watching her get degraded like that could actually be arousing the tiny brunette! No... It must have been something else that was currently making her tingle down below...
If it wasn't that then what? Why the hell would Emma be feeling this way? She almost threw up in her mouth at the thought of having feelings about that little bimbo, so it must have been something else! Could it possibly be...
Emma's face paled and her typing ceased as a naughty thought entered her head. If it wasn't Diane that was turning her on, was it possible that it was... her situation? Being naked in a place where she shouldn't be? Completely bare as the day she was born in the middle of her office? Remembering Diane in that situation caused another spike of arousal to bubble up within the brunette, making her light out an almost inaudible moan at her desk.
"No way..."
There's no way that could actually be turning Emma on! She did that to Diane to humiliate her! It wasn't for her own sexual gratification! But... with the way Emma was currently feeling... maybe that was the only reasonable answer...
Looking at the clock behind her Emma noted that it was after 5PM already, and especially with the pandemic, everyone would have probably gone home from the office by now, and she knew for a fact that she was the only person still on this floor at the very least. There was no one around, and she had a bit of a dilemma on her hands so... maybe it made sense to experiment?
"I must be going fucking crazy, thinking of doing THAT!" Emma exclaimed to herself, standing up from her desk, trying her best to steady her already shaking hands. She was actually considering stripping off all her clothes, right here in the middle of her office! It was insane! It was reckless, it was stupid, it was... turning her on!
"Fuck!" Emma yelled at no one in particular, not that there was anyone around to hear her. She stepped away from her desk, the short girl pacing the floor, trying her best to distract herself with thoughts of literally anything else other than the image of herself butt naked in the office. She stopped upon seeing one of the office chairs in the middle of the floor. The very same chair Diane had been sitting in earlier, still stained with the goth's juices.
Emma shut her eyes, covering them with her hands. Diane had gotten so horny, and nowshewas getting horny just remembering Diane in that situation. Was she an exhibitionist? Diane clearly was, but she never thought she would be one! But the more she thought about it, the idea of forcing Diane to be naked in the office washeridea... Did her brain have a more sexual thought process behind that particular abuse of power than she had initially anticipated? Gosh, what was happening to her.
Looking all around the office floor, making sure she was absolutely alone, Emma bit her lip, fingers fiddling with the button on her jeans. She couldn't go on thinking about this, she was getting nothing done! And she would continue to get nothing done unless she found out once and for all if she was into being naked in a place she shouldn't. Even just thinking that sent shivers down the petite girl's entire body, but after checking both entrances to the floor, she already found herself kicking off her sneakers.
"Just a few seconds Em, just see what it's like, then get dressed again..." She whispered to herself, already out of breath. Her hands fumbled with the button, then the zipper on her blue jeans, pulling them down to reveal a light pink pair of granny panties. She hadn't exactly dressed for showing off today, but ignored the thought as she continued pulling the jeans away from around her ankles, taking her socks with them, and shivering slightly at the feeling of the carpet beneath her bare feet, before her hands made their way back to her stripped button up shirt.
Undoing each button individually was torture for Emma as she nervously shifted, bare legs rubbing against each other as she frantically looked around for any sudden intruder catching her with her pants down (or off altogether!) feeling her heart rate skyrocket, as she undid the last button on her shirt, not wanting to waste the adrenaline while it was high, pulling the shirt off her to join her jeans in the pile, revealing a matching light pink bra.
Her breasts were nothing compared to Diane's she thought in her own head, a warm feeling returning to her at the thought of torturing the large chested goth even further as she looked down at her own B-cups. Standing there in her underwear, Emma knew she would be mortified if anyone were patrolling the office after hours, but could feel the adrenaline rush at the thought. Not wanting to waste any more time than she had to, Emma hooked both thumbs into the waistband of her panties, in one smooth motion having them down her legs and off her feet, revealing her trimmed pubic hair and pink pussy to the air. Gritting her teeth at the absolute rush of shame that was overtaking her and feeling her face redden at the sensation, not even a second later she had her hands behind her back, undoing her bra, and pulling the straps off her shoulders, her perky tits and hardening nipples also exposed to the air. Emma threw her underwear on the pile with the rest of her clothes and froze.
She was naked! Actually fucking naked in her office! The place she worked every day! Emma's breathing was ragged, and her face was on fire as she could immediately feel the effects of her current predicament. She was definitely horny. It boggled her mind that something like this could contribute to her arousal so much. Then again, she should have expected as much, she had after all, seen Diane earlier...
"Stupid bimbo was creaming herself..." Emma whispered, remembering being handed the file, stained with Diane's lady juices. She was definitely aroused, but not as horny asthat! Did she just have better control of her own urges than Diane? Or was there another reason for it? Was it the prolonged exposure Diane had? Is that what drove her so wild? The petite brunette fidgeted with her hands for a few seconds, before making an executive decision. She turned and began walking back towards her desk, leaving her discarded clothes in a pile in the middle of the floor.
"This file is almost done... I'll just finish it..." She muttered, the petite brunettes face burning red with embarrassment as she approached her desk. There was really no more than 10 minutes work left on the file in question, and she was going to do it naked. That sort of prolonging of her own nudity was sure to get her to the point Diane was at earlier! Then she could get dressed and go on with her life! Case closed!
Emma bit her lip as she sat down at her desk, feeling her bare ass coming into contact with the soft material of the office chair. It was a sensation she had never experienced before in her life, the petite brunette almost becoming breathless as she leaned back into the chair, feeling her bare back touching the back of the chair. In a second, goosebumps rose all over her arms, and shivers were sent the whole way down her body, all the way to her toes on the carpet, as she pulled her chair closer to her desk. The most notable part of the whole experience, Emma noticed, was that her nipples hardened like they never had before, tingling from the whole experience. If Emma didn't have as much control of her arousal as she believed she did, she would have moaned as loud as Diane was earlier.
"Now's not the time to think of that..." Emma muttered to herself, getting the file she had been working on back on her screen, trying to get herself back into work mode, despite being completely naked at her desk. The image was turning over in her mind, feeling her arousal rising by the second, the petite brunette unconsciously shifting against the fabric of the seat in an attempt to get some sort of stimulation to her horny body.
By the time Emma had finished the file, something that should have taken 10 minutes, double that time had passed. Sitting at her desk, Emma fantasied about her office being full, all of her co-workers being present and watching her work. Imagining multiple pairs of eyes on her nude form. All of this only served to turn Emma on further, which in turn only made her fantasise more, in a vicious cycle. Emma saved the work she had done that day, the nude brunette looking out over the empty office.
A naughty thought entering her mind, the brunette pushed herself back from her desk on her chair with her bare feet, gripping the arm rests of the office chair, lips forming a devious smile at the feelings of arousal bubbling up within her. This feeling was great! She could definitely see how Diane was getting off on this earlier, even if Emma herself was sure she still wasn't quite as turned on as her. Thoughts of prolonging her exposure more drowning out any sensible part of her brain, Emma decided that taking a little walk across the office floor in her naked state wouldn't be such a bad thing...
"Not like I've got anything better to do at 5:30 on a Tuesday..." Emma muttered, using her arms to brace herself on the arm rests, her legs feeling shakier than they had earlier, as she stood up from the chair, exposing her naked body once again to the entirety of her office. The image of the office being full was still playing on her mind, and the thought of her now standing up and exposing herself to everyone on the floor was making her want to cover up her perky tits and increasingly wetter womanhood so badly.
Taking a tentative step further away from her desk, the naked and horny brunette revelled at seeing the window of the office, giving a clear view of outside, still being bright out. She snickered at thinking of Diane actually going outside without a single piece of clothing, all just to get coffee. Not to mention making her go home wearing only a bra. That must have been an interesting bus ride for sure...
Seeing the state of her chair out of the corner of her eye, Emma gasped, seeing her lady honey had pooled where she was sitting while she had been working on the file. Almost comically contorting herself to look at her pussy and thighs, Emma was surprised to see just how much she really was leaking, her shoulders slumping as she groaned, realising that there were now two chairs in the office that would need cleaned, taking the smallest bit of comfort in knowing that at least she hadn't made as big a mess as Diane. Emma steadied herself, taking more steps away from her desk at the back of the floor, her loins throbbing and heating up at the thought of walking down the whole floor.
Walking past the pile of clothes she had left discarded on the floor of the office, Emma's breathing became heavier, the naked brunette having never felt her face hotter than it ever had, her blush taking over her cleeks, sweat forming on her forehead. She was imagining the office was full, and in her new supervisor role, she was sent to help out people with their work while completely naked. Stopping at one of the desks halfway down the floor, Emma imagined the person who sits there had asked her for help with a file, the petite brunette leaning over to look at the turned off screen, knowing that whoever was sitting there would be almost eye lever with her uncovered breasts, seeing her tingling nipples standing to attention, knowing her soaked fuzzy crotch would be in full view of the imaginary employee. Shivers of arousal running up her body at the imaginary exposure, Emma knew she was hooked.
"It's still not the same..." Emma muttered, returning to her walk down the office. The feeling and sensations of her nudity was great, everything from her bare feet on the carpet and the light breeze from the office air conditioning across her naked body, particularly around her nipples and between her legs. But the image of Diane earlier, as well as the arousal she was feeling earlier while thinking of it were urging her on. She was as horny as she'd ever been, but she still wasn't as horny as Diane looked earlier. She was running out of ideas on how to up herself before she would conclude that she and Diane were simply different in their control of their arousal.
"There's one last difference I can think of..." Emma stated aloud, the petite brunette looking back at her discarded clothes on the office floor. She did technically still have easy access to them, but Diane had no access earlier. Maybe that was the deciding factor?
Momentarily snapping out of her arousal fuelled haze, Emma seriously considered the thought she just had. She had already come so far, she was naked in the middle of her office, and had stayed that way for almost half an hour now! Surely that was enough to sate her curiosity, she didn't have to prove it anymore... right?
"Fuck..." Emma said through gritted teeth, reaching the other end of the floor from her desk. Diane had went down to the floor below earlier, and it was only after that when she left the massive stain on the file! Getting more distance from her clothes just had to be the reason! There was only one way to be sure in Emma's mind. The fact that the floor below was likely completely empty by this time of the day was only further evidence for the horny part of her mind to talk her into it.
Shifting nervously as she looked towards the exit to the elevator lobby, Emma took a deep breath to steady herself, already feeling her bubbling arousal rising at the thought of what she was planning. Before giving that pesky sensible part of her brain time to catch up with what she was planning, she started walking towards the door, every nerve on her body on high alert, goosebumps rising all over her and feeling her juices leaking out of her. She knew this was one of the stupidest and needlessly risky things she had ever done, and she was forcing herself not to care, reaching the door in no time and stepping out into the elevator lobby.
Quickly checking that Helen hadn't decided to hang around in the lobby this whole time, Emma stepped out, the petite brunette completely naked and now being separated from her clothes by a door and a considerable distance. It was almost too much for her, and she was having to concentrate to stop her knees from wobbling. Her theory was working, and she was almost salivating at the thought of how horny she would be when an entire floor separated the naked girl from her clothes! Deciding she needed to figure this out before the janitors started doing their rounds, Emma wasted no time making her way towards the door to the stairs. She almost considered taking the elevator for a split second for quickness sake, but dismissed the idea since it would probably take just as long as walking down the stairs at a decent pace. But the thought of the elevator doors opening to reveal a naked Emma to some unsuspecting co-workers brought both embarrassment and arousal to the brunette, her face getting even reddened as the pushed open the door to the stairwell.
The sound of her bare feet against the stairs as she descended were barely audible, but in Emma's mind they were loud enough for the entire building to hear! One hand bracing herself on the banister, the petite brunette moved as fast as she dared, not wanting to waste the adrenaline that was giving her the courage to actually go to another floor in her building totally naked! Her wet thighs rubbing against each other only reminded her of the reaction her body was having, the brunette now understanding how Diane could get off on this. Emma groaned as she reached the half way point, thinking of how she had gotten to this point.
"It was meant to be a joke..." Emma whispered out loud, looking down the middle of the stairwell to make sure there was no one on any of the other floors. Things really had gotten out of hand! Forcing Diane to be naked all day in the office was meant to humiliate her, not get her off! And now here Emma herself was, prancing around the office completely naked! Clearly the only thing that she and Diane had in common was their newfound fetish for public nudity...
"Would you stop thinking of that stupid bimbo?" Emma asked herself through gritted teeth, approaching the door to the elevator lobby for the floor below. The tingling she was feeling in her nethers was definitely getting stronger. Thinking about Diane while this horny just feltdirtyto her. On her tip toes, the petite naked beauty looked through the window on the doors leading to the lobby, her perky breasts being pushed against the cold wood of the door, further stimulating her nipples, making her hold back another moan. Seeing the coast was clear, Emma wasted no time in entering the lift lobby of the floor below.
Now knowing that an entire floor separated her from her clothes, the blushing brunette could feel the effect the prolonged nudity and exposure was having on her. Her pussy was leaking, her clit practically throbbing with every step she took towards the door to the office. She knew this floor had the most people still in the building on it, a whopping 10, compared to the 3 that usually inhabited her own floor. There was far more chance that someone on this floor had stayed behind late to finish up some work. Were Emma in any sort of rational mind, she would have been extra careful...
Without looking through the window on the door, Emma just barged right through the door, her knees beginning the shake with every step she took, knowing there could be anyone on the floor about to be treated to a view of the naked brunette. But she was in some sort of arousal fuelled hypnosis, and instead of hiding or covering herself, Emma kept on walking towards the banks of desks, her arms by her side, and her breathing getting heavier, a dumb smile on her face at the thought that her entire naked body was on display.
Luck it seemed was on her side. Similar to her own, the floor was completely empty. But in her horny state, Emma didn't find it that lucky. What if someone had been there to see her? She just barged on to the office floor completely naked, and dripping with arousal. Had someone been there to see her, her perky breasts with nipples standing to attention, her exposed pussy, ripe and begging for attention, leaking her lady honey down her bare thighs. Emma's face turned as red as a tomato, as she approached the middle of the floor, knowing she had no easy access to her clothes. Feeling on the edge of an orgasm, she started shaking. She was going to get caught! It was going to happen!
"Yessss..." Emma moaned running her hands down her flat tummy, inching closer to her curly patch of hair, and the forbidden fruit that lay beneath. She couldn't fight it, she needed to get off, and she needed it now...
Emma froze. She just heard the door open and footsteps approaching. In a split second, her mind switched priorities from getting herself off, to hiding as quickly as possible. Frantically looking around, Emma dived beneath the desk to her immediate left, sitting underneath, and pulling her knees to her chest, a hand over her mouth to try and hide her heavy breathing.
A pair of work boots walked down the floor. From Emma's position, she saw them walking towards the back of the room. Shifting slightly to get a better view, she noticed a blue jumpsuit, and a cart full of cleaning supplied. The janitor! But they usually didn't show up until after 6! Wait... how long had she just spent acting out her fantasies?!
Despite her heart pounding in her chest, and feeling as thought she was going to drop dead at any moment from fear, Emma could still feel how horny she was, her lewd libido likely slowing her thoughts and reaction times. She couldn't focus on that right now, she needed to get out of here!
Peeking out of her hiding place, and knowing that she had just stained the carpet under this poor employees desk, Emma made out that the janitor was vacuuming at the back of the floor, moving from desk to desk. He would be heading towards where she was perched and would find a naked manager under the desk. She had to be quick. Seeing that he had headphones in, and had his back facing her, Emma took the opportunity...
As quickly and silently as she could, the nude brunette got to her bare feet, and quickly moved towards the door to the office. Thanking her past lessons in ballet for teaching her how to keep her footsteps as light as possible, Emma didn't dare look behind her, knowing the lucky janitor could very well be looking at her pert and toned ass at this very moment. Bringing a hand to her mouth to stop the moan that was threatening to slip out at that thought, Emma got to the door as quick as she could.
Back in the elevator lobby, Emma breathed possibly the biggest sigh of relief of her life, feeling goosebumps raising all over her body. Not wanting to waste any more time, and knowing she was out of immediate danger, Emma took off at full speed back towards the door to the stairwell, and up the stairs that lay beyond to her own floor, the return journey being twice the speed of her trip down.
Reaching her own floor again, Emma finally felt the effects of what had just occurred. Her pussy was throbbing, leaking honey down her legs, dripping on the carpet as she was running. The was a trail surely leading right to her! She needed to get back on to her floor, and get dressed before she had another close call like that. She didn't think she would get as lucky the second time.
"I can't believe Diane was naked in front of people all day!" Emma thought, entering the door to her floor and walking towards where she had left her clothes piled, "I don't know how she didn't cum on the spot..." Emma stated, feeling rather embarrassed at her own reaction to the public nudity. Maybe she wasn't able to control herself as well as Diane...
"What..?!" Emma looked at the ground. She was sure she had left her clothes here! The spot she had left the pile was completely empty! Looking around, Emma noted that all the desks had been completely wiped down, and there was a lemon scent in the air. The janitor must have already been to this floor and cleaned up! That means..."
"Oh no..." Emma whispered, knowing what had happened. The janitor came across her clothes while cleaning, and took them! She was now stranded totally naked! The thought caused her arousal to come back in full force, Emma moaning, and having to brace herself on the desk she was standing beside. She couldn't cum now, her stupid arousal had gotten her into this situation. She wasn't about to give in to it!
What could she do? Walk up to the janitor, not a stich of clothing on her and ask for her clothes back? She didn't think she would be able to get away with that without cumming in front of the man before getting a word out! Maybe she could just streak to her car, her keys were still on her desk? But driving home naked presented it's own problems, and Emma didn't fancy being stopped by the cops only to be discovered like this... She couldn't believe she had actually sent Diane home without any of her clothes.
"That's it!" Emma remembered earlier. She had told Diane she destroyed all her clothes except her bra, and gave her that to go home with. But that wasn't completely true... Walking to her desk, she opened the bottom drawer, pulling out Diane's black jacket!
Pulling the jacket around herself, Emma was surprised at the fit. The chest was obviously much larger, looking almost comically oversized on Emma, giving the impression that she was much younger than she actually was. The hem of the jacket just barely covered her pussy, and raising her arms or a strong breeze would surely make short work in exposing her fuzzy patch of hair to the world. But it was something!
Briefly debating going to the janitor in her current state to ask for her clothes back, Emma still found the prospect embarrassing, and decided to just head to her car, get home, and then masturbate furiously. Closing down her computer and the unfinished work from that day, and grabbing her keys, the bottomless brunette began walking towards the door.
"I guess I get how Diane was getting off on this now..." Emma thought as she pushed the button the call the elevator. She figured she was covered enough to take the elevator out of the building, not that there was anyone besides herself and the janitor left in the building... But the thought of Diane sent another shiver of arousal down the petite brunette's body, making her eyes go wide. She thought again about her past interactions with Diane, this time the goth girl being fully clothed, and once again, another spike of arousal making Emma let out a moan, and brace herself against the wall of the elevator as she entered.
Pushing the button for the ground floor, a terrifying thought entered her mind. What if it wasn't Diane being naked in public that had gotten her horny earlier... What if it was just Diane?
"Shit..." Emma muttered as the elevator doors closed.