Chapter 7: Interlewd
I was standing at a pay phone, looking at a piece of paper that had been slipped into my pocket the previous night by a virtual stranger. Was this a setup by Alex to help tighten his grip on me and my wife, or was this a way of eventually escaping that grip? I looked at the phone number and made a decision.
"Hello?" Answered a male voice on the other end.
"This is Peter." I said. "What's this about?"
"This is about trying to get all of us extricated from this twisted MILF club. Are you interested?" He asked.
"Yes, of course." I said seriously.
"Good. Currently we are gathering intelligence on Alex and the other members, but mainly on Alex. We are also marshaling whatever resources we can gather so that we can be ready to take action when an opportunity presents itself. We never meet face to face, but use untraceable prepaid throw-away cell phones to communicate. That's one of those resources I mentioned, so don't ask where they came from. I'll be getting one to you soon. My name is Jerry and I'll be your only contact for now." He explained.
"Is all this cloak and dagger stuff really necessary?" I asked.
"Don't underestimate Alex, he has access to high tech civilian and maybe military electronic gear of all kinds like listening devices, cameras, and tracking devices. We don't know yet for sure where he gets them, but we can't take any chances. We also think he has contacts in at least one phone company that can tap and trace calls, so don't ever call me from any other phone. If you do I'll just throw that one away and cut you out of the group. Don't talk about the group with anyone except your wife, and even then do it in a noisy environment like the shower and whisper in each others ear. Do you understand?"
"Yes, I understand. Who else is in the group?"
"I can't tell you that just yet." He said.
"Hey, I took a big chance calling you." I challenged.
"Yeah, and we all took a big chance in recruiting you, so let's just take it slow, OK?" Jerry replied.
"OK, OK. What can I do to help?"
"Glad you asked. Currently you are the only one in our group that works at the same place as Alex, so we'd like you to be our eyes and ears there."
"You want me to spy on Alex at work?" I queried.
"No, nothing as dramatic as that. Just stick to your normal routine and be as observant as possible. If you know he's going out of town, then let me know. Or if he suddenly changes his normal work patterns, or if he does anything else noteworthy, call me. The more information we have, the better." Jerry said.
"I can do that." I replied. "Anything else?"
"Just consider what other resources you might have; a friend in the police, justice department, or military maybe. Or some sort of specialized training. Next time we talk I want a list of resources that you think might be useful. That's it for now. A cell phone will arrive in a day or two. Don't bring it to work, and keep it hidden at home. Take a walk at 7:00pm to 7:15pm every day and bring it with you, because that's when I'll contact you if I need to, and that's when you can call me if necessary." He instructed.
"All right. I will do as you say."
"Good. I'll be in touch." And the line went dead. Hope. A faint hope to be sure, but it was still hope.
When I got home Sherry tried to ask me how it went, but I put my finger to my lips to let her know I didn't want to talk about it there and then. Later I joined her in the shower, which is something I do occasionally, so she wasn't too surprised. Whispering in her ear I gave her a quick synopsis of the phone call with Jerry. When I was finished she gave me a big, long hug. Hope can be a wonderful thing, I just hoped this one wasn't false.
The club left us alone for the next two weeks and our lives almost returned to normal, except for the occasional calls to Jerry to report on Alex. I also told him that I had an old childhood friend that was in the Army; MP's I think, but I didn't see how that would help. Jerry wrote down his name and said it might come in useful.
Another Friday rolled around and we were enjoying a quiet night at home with the children when the phone rang. Sherry answered, listened to the caller for about half a minute, said "OK", and hung up. "So what was that about, honey?" I asked. She looked around to make sure the children were out of earshot.
"That was Marc, from the club. He said I would be spending the day with him tomorrow and that he would pick me up at 8:00 in the morning." She said without emotion. "I probably won't be home until dark."
"Oh, hell, I wonder what he's up to?" I moaned.
"I don't know, but he's the biggest perv of the group, so I'm a little worried."
What could I say or do to help? Nothing, that's what, and it pissed me off, but I hid that from my wife. She had enough to deal with the way it was.
Marc arrived exactly at 8:00 and Sherry was ready to go. Since he had not told her what to wear, she had on a pair of jeans and a simple sleeveless blouse. I watched as my wife left with Marc, not knowing what would be happening to her the rest of the day except that it would be sexual and humiliating.
I was pretty busy with taking care of the children and doing all the chores, so I didn't have much time to worry about Sherry. She was still on my mind the entire day, though. Finally, around sunset as promised, she came walking through the door. I hardly recognized her. Her hair was pulled back into a ponytail, which she never does. She was wearing a light blue crop-top that said "MILF" on it, no bra, a pair of royal blue short-shorts, and a visor. She looked really tired; I'd never seen my wife looking more haggard.
"I don't want the children to see me like this." She whispered and dashed upstairs. That was when I noticed the word "Juicy" on the back of her shorts. I followed her up and she went straight into the bathroom. She started the shower and stripped out of her clothes. It didn't take long because she wasn't wearing any underwear either. The strangest part though, was the writing on her body. Somebody had written on Sherry's body with what looked like black magic marker. "Slut" was written on her left ass cheek, and "Whore" was written on the right cheek. I turned her around there was even more on her front. Over her left breast there was a tattoo that looked like two intertwined snakes, but upon closer inspection were of a man and a woman fucking. On her left tit was the words "suck me" with an arrow pointing to her nipple, and on the right tit was written "bite me", also with the arrow. I spied some more writing just above her pussy. It said "Taste me!"
"Who did this?" I asked, pointing specifically to the tattoo. "What happened to you?"
"It's a long story, but it'll have to wait. I need this shower first." She mumbled and stepped into the shower. "And don't worry about the tattoo, it's just a temporary airbrush."
I had to go back downstairs and check on the children so I left my wife to her shower. Sherry stayed in there for a long time, much longer than she usually does. Probably trying to wash off the magic marker. When she finally came back downstairs she looked better. I wanted to ask about the tattoo and the writing, but I didn't want to do that in front of the children, so that would have to wait.
The kids ran to their mother and wanted to know where she had been all day. We don't like to lie to our children, but sometimes it was more important to shield them from harmful truths that they couldn't understand, so she lied. Later, after they were in bed, she told me the entire lewd tale.
Sherry's account: Marc drove us to a small airfield outside of town and parked by an airplane hanger. Inside was a single engine airplane that could seat four people, although it looked like it was only the two of us today. I didn't know he was a pilot, but he said the airplane was his and that we were going somewhere special. It wasn't long before we were in the air and climbing away from the airfield. I had never flown in an airplane that small before, so it was kind of fun.
After about forty-five minutes or so we landed at another small airfield near a small lake and some sort of development. I didn't know where we were but I figured it had to be at least a couple of hundred miles from home. I asked Marc where we were and he said it was a private resort and that his family had a permanent membership. He taxied the plane to a parking spot and shut down the engine. When he got out of the airplane he pulled a small shopping bag out of the back and took it with him.
There was an electric golf cart sitting nearby, apparently waiting for us. As Marc negotiated his way to wherever we were going I looked around. The place was well maintained, all the roads were smooth, the landscaping immaculate, and there were flower beds everywhere. We passed a pool, tennis courts, and a ball field. Finally we arrived what looked like condominiums or town homes and he pulled into the driveway in front of one.
"This one is owned by my family, but it's mine this weekend." He informed me as he showed me inside. It was very nicely furnished and looked clean and comfortable. He handed me the bag and said "We're going to the beach so we'll need to change into something appropriate. I took the liberty of buying you something to wear. Please put this on, but only what's in the bag; nothing else."
He went into the kitchen, leaving me standing there in the living room with the bag. I dumped it out onto the sofa. All it contained was a blue crop top with the letters "MILF" on the front, a pair of blue shorts with the word "juicy" emblazoned across the butt, a white visor, sandals, and a scrunchy. I stripped out of my own clothes and put on the outfit provided by Marc. Since he didn't provide any underwear I didn't wear any. Then I used the scrunchy to put my hair up into a pony tail, which I guessed is why he provided it, and put on the visor.
Marc emerged from the kitchen with a small cooler and a beach basket. "Yeah, that looks great. Turn around and let me get the full effect."
I turned turned around slowly for him. "Very good; just what I wanted." He said, more to himself than me. "Here, take this stuff to the cart while I change and wait for me there."
I took the cooler and beach basket out to the golf cart and waited. After a few minutes Marc joined me. He was now wearing a pair of athletic type shorts and a tank top. He drove us past more town homes, manicured lawns, and perfect flowerbeds on the way to the beach. I guessed that it must be on the small lake I saw from the airplane on the way in, and I was right.
The beach didn't look natural; it must have taken many trucks to bring in that much sand. Marc parked the cart, grabbed the cooler and basket, and started walking across the sand. The first part was a swimming area complete with a lifeguard, and it while it wasn't exactly crowded, there were quite a few people there already. We kept walking down the beach as it curved around the small lake. This part of the beach was more sparsely populated and I noticed that some of the women were topless. Marc must have noticed my surprise at the bare breasts.
"This part of the beach is top optional, unofficially." He informed me.
We walked a little further and came upon a volley ball net. Marc pulled out a blanket and put it down on the sand along with the cooler and basket.
"Lay down on the blanket here and I'll put some sunblock on you. With that pale skin of yours you'll fry pretty quickly if I don't." He told me. So I laid down on my stomach and he rubbed the lotion into my exposed skin, which was most of it. He even covered my face and neck.
"There's usually some good games throughout the day, so I like to hang out here." Marc explained.
Sure enough it wasn't long before a couple came down the beach headed our way. They were both young, maybe 20 or 21. She was a cute blond, about 5'10", trim and athletic with what looked like B-cup size breasts. She was wearing a green bikini, not a micro, but it didn't hide much. The guy was about 6' tall, ripped and hansom, in a rugged way. He looked kind of familiar, but I couldn't quite place him. He was wearing swim trunks, a muscle shirt, and a ball cap. The cap was on backwards, of course.
She was carrying a volley ball and he was carrying a duffel bag. They stopped by the net and looked around like they were expecting someone to already be there. They guy came up to us and asked what time it was. Marc told him it was a little after 10:00. He walked back over to the girl and talked to her briefly. Then they both came over to where we were sitting.
"We were supposed to meet some friends here at 10:00 for a game. Since we were late I thought they'd already be here." He explained. "Do you have a cell I can use? I forgot mine."
"No, I never bring it when I come here. Hate being bothered while I'm relaxing." Marc replied.
"That's cool. Is it OK if we hang with you two while we wait for our friends?" The young stranger asked.
"Sure, we don't mind the company." Marc answered. Then he stood up and I followed his lead. "I'm Marc and this is my friend, Sherry." He said as he put out his hand.
"Cool. I'm Chad and this is my girlfriend Tara." He replied as he shook Marc's hand.
With the introductions over we all sat down and chatted. Because of my embarrassment about my situation I didn't really want to talk to these people too much. What if they found out that I was Marc's virtual slave? But I didn't want to be rude, so I walked a fine line.
After a while it was clear that their friends were a no-show. Chad and Tara were disappointed that they would not be able to play. I guess Marc felt sorry for them because he offered to play with them; just a friendly game or two, of course. They accepted.
I had not played in a few years, but I was pretty good when I did. Marc, on the other hand, was very good. I have to admit that I enjoyed the game, except that my top kept creeping up and exposing my breasts when I dove for the ball or jumped up spike. Nobody seemed to care, but it did increase my embarrassment. After three games, in which we had won two, we took a water break.
"So, does MILF mean what I think it does?" Chad asked me.
I looked down, feeling humiliated. "Probably." I mumbled.
"Does your husband know you are here?"
I could feel myself blushing. "No."
"Hmmm, I didn't think so." Chad smirked. "My, my, what a naughty girl you are."
I couldn't look either of them in the eye. They all chuckled, obviously amused at my discomfort, which only made it worse.
"So, ready to get your asses handed to you again?" Marc teased them.
"Hell, you were just lucky. We'll smoke you the next game." Chad bragged.
"Bet you won't."
"What do you want to bet?" Chad challenged.
"Well, I don't have any money with me, but I'll bet Sherry's top against Tara's." Marc offered.
Chad looked at his girlfriend questioningly. Tara winked in answer. "OK, you're on." Chad announced.
Nobody seemed to be bothered that I wasn't asked, but I think by now that Chad and Tara had an inkling that I didn't have much control over what happened to me. The game was fierce but to my surprise we won the game, 25 to 23. True to Chad's word, Tara surrendered her top. He breasts were firm and stood out from her body with no sag at all.
"Give us a chance to get even." Chad requested.
"OK, but what will you bet now? This beach is liberal, but bottomless is not an option."
Chad briefly consulted with Tara. "If we lose again then Tara owes you a blow job."
"All right, but our stake is the same, Sherry's top." Marc stated.
"You're on. Get ready to show us your tits, honey." Chad boasted and looked directly at me.
Again the game was fast and aggressive, but this time we just couldn't stop Chad's spikes and we lost 21 to 23. When they earned that last point the three of them turned and looked at me. I was breathing hard from the exertion of the game, my chest rising and falling in the hot sun. Marc gave me a little nod and I knew I had better remove my top now or risk getting punished out here in front of these strangers. I quickly pulled my top over my head and handed it to Chad under the net.
"We'd better get some sunblock on that white skin of yours." Marc observed. "Hey Chad want to help?"
"Hell yeah!" he cried.
They walked me over to where the blankets were and Marc spread it over my breasts and chest while Chad slathered it on my back and shoulders. Under different circumstances having two hunky men apply lotion to me like that would be enjoyable, but as it was out on a public beach I was too embarrassed.
"Another game?" Chad asked.
"OK, one more, but for all the chips this time." Marc answered.
Chad grinned. "What do you have in mind?"
"If we win then Tara is our plaything for the rest of the day, and if you win then Sherry is yours." Marc suggested.
Chad looked to his topless girlfriend for approval. She smiled mischievously and nodded her assent.
"All right, let's get it on!" Marc yelled.
We led by several points for most of the game, but stumbled near the end. Marc made a couple of bad shots and missed at least one easy save. At the time I might have suspected him of throwing the game, but I couldn't see him passing up the opportunity to get Tara under his control, if even for just a few hours. There were several match-point rounds before Chad and Tara finally put the game away with a nice play that left me diving for a powerful spike. It was kind of ironic that it was my mistake that gave them the last point.
"Woooo!" Chad whooped. "Time to pay up, bud!"
At that point I didn't believe that Marc would really give me over to these two strangers. He couldn't be the reckless with my safety, could he?
"OK, OK, let's talk about the ground rules." Marc said jovially. I couldn't believe my ears; he did intend to just give me to these strangers to do with whatever they wanted to. I was in shock.
"First, you must have her back here by five o'clock; I need to be in the air before dark since I'm flying VFR. Second, you can't injure her or permanently mark her in any way, so no tats or piercings. Third, you can't tell her to do anything that might get her arrested, so no soliciting or theft or anything like that. Fourth, I want you to record every second she is with you using this video camera." Marc ticked off before reaching into the beach basket and pulling out a small device.
Chad looked questioningly at the small silver box studded with buttons. "Sure that'll last long enough?"
"This, my friend, is a state of the art digital video camera. It has an eight hour capacity and by my watch five o'clock is only six hours away. Here, I'll show you how to use it." Marc explained the various controls on camera as Tara and I donned our tops and picked up all the gear. The men continued to talk as we walked back to the golf carts with Tara and I bringing up the rear. I didn't feel like talking to her and she didn't try to start a conversation, but she did keep giving me uncomfortable sidelong glances as she licked her lips.
When we got to golf carts the men agreed to meet at the main entrance. As Marc piloted the little cart through the resort he lectured me.
"You are to obey them just as you would me or any other club member. They will record everything so if you disobey or are too hesitant I will know and you will be punished. Actually I wouldn't mind having an excuse to punish you. Just be warned: I like to humiliate my MILFs publicly when I punish them." He warned. "On the other hand, if you do a good job making them think you are a total cum slut, then maybe I'll reward you."
At the parking lot near the main entrance Chad pushed me into the back seat of his car while he and Tara climbed into the front. As Chad drove Tara used the video camera to record me.
"I have a few more rules for you." Chad shouted from the driver's seat. "You must answer all personal questions anybody asks you honestly, although you can refuse to give out your address and phone number. If anybody asks you about your behavior you are to tell them that you can't get enough sex and that you husband doesn't satisfy you sexually."
"And no matter what the truth is, if asked, you must tell every man that his cock is bigger than your husbands and that he fucks better than your husband too." Tara added. "Oh, and you are bisexual too."
"Also your biggest turn on is being humiliated sexually in public. Even when if it looks like you don't, it really gets you hot." Chad piled on.
We drove on in silence for a while as I digested their instructions. I had a really bad feeling about where this was all going, but I didn't feel like I had any control. Even if I could get away from these people I didn't have any money. I didn't even know what town I was in, and besides I was sure that Alex would destroy our lives if I did try to escape. So I just sat there waiting for us to get to wherever we were going, determined to just take things moment by moment.
They lived in nice loft-style apartment that looked like it was originally a warehouse. It was on the third floor and had an excellent view of the surroundings through the large windows. It looked like the entire area had been revitalized in some sort of recent urban redevelopment effort. So what was once a crumbling warehouse district was now a yuppie haven, although there were still signs of its former usage.
We weren't in the apartment for more than fifteen seconds before Chad said "Let's see what we have here" and stripped me naked. "Not bad for gal your age, not bad at all. I really like the shaved muff. What do you think Tara?"
"Definitely has some potential for a high fun-factor." She answered.
Chad pushed his swim trunks down to his ankles, exposing his half-hard cock, and sat down in a leather chair. "OK slut, show me how good you are at sucking cock." I assumed he was talking to me so I got down on my knees in front of him and took his manhood into my mouth. It stiffened almost immediately and it was obvious that he was bigger than my husband. I went to work doing my best to get him off while his girlfriend recorded my efforts using the camera provided by Marc.
I worked the underside of his cock with my tongue and I bobbed up and down, jacking him off with my mouth and lips. He seemed to be enjoying what I was doing and even said "yeah", and "nice" a few times, so I was a little surprised when Tara spoke up. "Come on, you can do better. Suck that cock! Make him cum!"
I increased my tempo and intentionally started making slurping and sucking noises. I also started jacking him with my hand when I pulled off with my mouth, hoping the extra effort would satisfy his girlfriend. It didn't.
"That's better, but I want to see you take all of him." Tara ordered.
I pushed down and took as much of him as I could, but I couldn't quite get it all in my mouth. Tara must not have been happy with that effort because she pushed down on my head saying "Come on, slut, you can take it all."
I gagged as his bulbous cock head pushed into my throat. I tried pull my head back, but Tara wouldn't allow that. I tried to yell that I couldn't breathe, but that only seemed to stimulate Chad because he jerked forward hurting my nose which was nestled against his pubic bone. Finally after what seemed an eternity she released the pressure on the back of my head and I pulled back completely off his cock to take a deep breath.
"Oh, fuck." Chad exclaimed. "She gave me a hummer. That was great. Do it again."
"You heard him, slut, do it again, but make him cum this time." Tara commanded and pushed my face back down onto Chad's engorged prick. It was a little bit easier this time, but I still gagged a little.
I had to get this over with before I suffocated so instead of trying to yell I started actually humming "If I only had a brain" from the Wizard of Oz. I didn't even make it to the first chorus before he started bellowing that he was cumming. I felt his cock swell in my mouth and then it started pulsing, shooting his seed right into my stomach. It was a very strange feeling, oddly erotic though.
Tara again let my head up, just in time too, and I gasped for air. "Very good. Only a real slut could do that." She insulted me. "Now let's see if you know how to eat pussy." I watched, still trying to catch my breath, as she pulled off her bikini bottoms and sat down on the sofa. She positioned herself with her butt hanging off the cushion and her legs spread wide. "All right pet, use your tongue and make me cum."
I crawled over to her and lowered my head between her legs. While I had some experience with women since I had 'joined' the club, it was more incidental while having sex with a man. This was different, now I was going to give straight oral sex to a woman, and I wasn't sure I could.
"What's the matter, never eaten pussy before? What kind of slut are you?" Tara teased as she pointed the camera at me. God, I couldn't believe I was going to do this at all, let alone be recorded. I think I blushed because she said "Isn't that cute. Now get to it, I want to cum." And she pushed my head down with her free hand.
Her pussy was well trimmed, but not bare like mine. It was covered with a layer of fine blond hair, and the odor, while strong, was not unpleasant. As she pushed my head down I realized that I could no longer avoid it, so I started licking my first pussy. I didn't know what I was doing, so I just did the things that I liked having done to me and tried to pay attention to what she liked.
"Honey, come and take the camera." I heard Tara say. I looked up and saw that she had pushed her bikini top up over her breasts and was playing with one of her nipples while trying to operate the camera with the other. As soon as she handed the camera over to Chad she dropped her hand to the other breast and started pulling on that nipple too.
As I slurped at her increasingly wet pussy she started moaning and bucking against my face. Sensing her impending climax I started lashing at her clit with my tongue while I pushed first one, then two fingers into her gushing hole. I punctuated this by occasionally pulling my fingers out and replacing them with my tongue. After plunging it in and out as deeply as I could a few times I licked all the way back up her slit and started lashing her clit again.
Tara's breathing increased, her body stiffened, and she cried out in ecstasy. I watched as her body shook and trembled, sounds of pleasure issuing from her open mouth. This was the first time I had brought a woman to orgasm and I felt strangely proud of my accomplishment. There I was on the floor between this young woman's legs, her juice smeared all over my face and I was feeling proud of myself. This realization suddenly made me feel embarrassed and ashamed for what I had done. I didn't even know these people and yet look what I was doing. What the hell was wrong with me, I wondered, my emotions a roiling mess.
Chad stood me up and licked his girlfriend's juices off my face, adding humiliation to the mix of feelings I was experiencing. They led me into the bedroom and started looking through some of the drawers in the dresser there, talking quietly to themselves.
"Hey, this would be perfect." Chad announced, holding a small piece of cloth in his hands.
"I don't think it'll fit her." Tara countered.
"Let's try it on, if it's really tight that's even better."
When they approached me I saw that Chad was holding a small white bikini in his hands. The top would be pretty small for Tara with her B-cup breasts, but on me it would be absolutely tiny, if they could even tie it at all. The bottoms were a small thong that tied at the hips. I doubt that even as well as Tara was trimmed down there that she could wear it without some hair showing. On me it would be obscene.
None of this stopped them from putting the tiny suit on me. I was surprised that they managed to get both pieces on and tied, but they did. Chad and Tara seemed to be quite happy with the results and when I saw myself in the full length mirror I was shocked. The tops barely covered my areola and my sex was clearly outlined by the tight thongs. I had no doubt that it would be almost completely transparent if it got wet.
"Doesn't she look like she's trying to relive her youth, with her hair in a ponytail and wearing a bikini that's too small for her?" Chad asked.
"Yes, it's almost perfect. Just one more touch." Tara replied and put a pink visor on my head. "There, now we can go. I can't wait to show her off."
I shivered at the thought of going out anywhere dressed like that, but that's exactly what they had planned. They changed into shorts and t-shirts, Tara also sporting a flowered carry bag over one shoulder, and out into the hall we went. I was shaking like a leaf, but I managed to keep my feet moving.
End of the first part of Sherry's account.
Sherry paused at this point, overcome from recalling the strong emotions and needing a drink. I held her and told her that I didn't need to hear the rest, but she insisted that I did and that for her sake I needed to listen. My emotions were in flux and my stomach was doing flip-flops, but I tried to remain calm and in control on the outside. I thought after everything we had already gone through I was ready for anything. I was wrong, so wrong.
Continued in the next chapter...