With every 'step' Maiev crawled through the streets of Stormwind the expression on her face transformed. More and more the arrogant and vindictive warden gave into her new tendencies, with the blush of an ecstatic exhibitionist getting properly abused by her master appearing on her face. Before she knew it, her tongue hang out like a happily panting dog's. A face that just about every single watcher in the crowd shared.
'Truly, sluts to the core,' Anduin thought about night elves, walking at the heart of a procession. It was him, naked and strutting proudly with his mighty cock pointing ahead. To his sides were his wives, Jaina at his right and Valeera at his left, flirting with the High King and casually massaging his manhood whenever they could. The slaves, Shandris and Tyrande, were walking one pace behind, unworthy to walk right next to their master. The lowest of them, the unbranded Maiev, was behind even them. Trying her best to keep up, the battle-hardened Warden moved as quickly as her four-legged state allowed her.
A guard of twelve guard, arranged in a diamond shape to part the crowd in front of them, was protecting the greatest of kings as he proceeded. They were the only non-participants in the orgy, but they had Tyrande's personal guard to mingle with whenever they were in their quarters and the nights over Stormwind Keep were always filled with ecstatic howling.
The men whistled at the sexiness of his women, shouted their applause at their fine asses and how he deserved to have filled them with the seed that now dripping out of them all of them more than they could ever do. Much more than that, they screamed the name of the High King that allowed them to stand nakedly in a crowd, many of them getting blowjobs by enslaved or horny females, the former always coming with the latter.
The women also applauded Anduin, masturbated at his sight or jumped on the closest cock they could find. Where the High King went, the city-wide orgy went from mere sex to a fest of debauchery.
Anduin waved back at them, low-key keeping an eye on Maiev as he looked at his people. Whenever she failed to keep up, he would find a reason to stop. Either be it to hold a little speech, summarising what he said in the cathedral, or extend a little gesture towards his people, such as letting a man slap the ass of Tyrande or Shandris. Never his wives, however, and never more than that simple slap.
On other occasions, and this happened more frequently, he would let a particularly attractive women that was in the crowd approach him. If her hygienic state was good enough, he would kiss her, deeply and fervently as well, the kind of kiss that would be on her lips for hours and her mind for years. It wasn't just Anduin either, Valeera and Jaina would see it as a challenge, wanting to taste their husband on the lips of their subject.
Once the kiss was over, the lucky bride would sink to her knees, pulling the woman with her. The duo would then begin slobbering over the High King's cock in a double blowjob while Jaina grinded her voluptuous chest against Anduin and got her pussy rubbed in return.
Valeera was a deeply skilled cocksucker, not because she had much practice in it but because her self-taught rogue craft had come with some experiences that had her swallow things beyond the gag reflex, and she deeply enjoyed goading these new women into trying their best (and usually failing) to deepthroat Anduin's girth. With sarcastic and sadistic sass, whilst fondling their asses and pussy to the edge of orgasm, the second queen of Stormwind would keep stringing her willing victim along until her husband's balls tightened and pumped enormous load of seeds into the eager mouths sucking on the massive cock.
Whenever possible, Valeera used her fingers to push them over the edge of orgasm at the exact moment they tasted Anduin's semen. Because his seed was filled with a swirl of magic, this was usually a more than successful endeavour. A swirl of magic the lucky bride then laid claim to, pressing her lips on the random women and giving her a sloppy goodbye kiss that lasted until the taste of Anduin's semen was diluted by saliva.
A few of the women asked to be knocked up by the king, the rest looked like they would ask if they weren't already pregnant. Indeed, in the city wide orgy, more than a few swelling bellies could be seen. While it was true that elven children had insanely long gestation periods, that wasn't something human womb's supported. The result wasn't any sort of miscarriage, just that human born half-elves were more human and that the inverse was true for elven born children. Basically, the race of the mother had a bigger impact than the race of the father, although how much bigger could only be seen over the next twenty years.
Racial mixing had never been so widespread before, so exact data was unreliable to say the least.
None of that played into Anduin's decision making though. Raven-haired, redhead, brunette, blonde or white hair, human, night elf, gnome or even draenei, he agreed all the same. They were all gorgeous, they would all bear him beautiful children, even if he wouldn't meet most of them, he was sure he was building a kingdom that they could grow up in with purpose.
These acts pleased the Light and Shadow in him equally. The Light was happy that he was fulfilling the desires of his subjects. The Shadow was ecstatic that he was indulging in his own wants.
Turning the beauties towards the crowd, their pillow-like asses pressed against his crotch as he pushed into them from behind, Anduin penetrated them down to the base. Then he took away their secure footing, raising their legs by the bend of the knee with his superhuman strength. For all the city to see, he would fuck them much like he had fucked Jaina or Valeera atop the altar. He even defloured a virgin amongst these eye-pleasing women, one of the few remaining in Stormwind.
Of course, his brides weren't just watching these things. Worshipping Anduin's body, from his lips to his balls, they would shower him in kisses and attention. Nonetheless, it was always the woman that came first and second and usually third. Often squirting, praying to the High King's name and the Light they were fucked silly, they were consecrating Stormwind's cobble covered roads with their pussy juice. By the end of it, Anduin came inside them and then placed their naked bodies somewhere secure, speaking a quiet prayer for their health himself before moving on.
And while all of that was going on, the duo of branded slaves was continuously dropping suggestive comments on the crawling Warden. "Look at her slurping on that cock," Tyrande stated. "Wouldn't you want to do that as well, Maiev?"
"I..." she tried to answer, but was immediately interrupted by Shandris.
"High Slave, clearly sucking master's perfect dick is too good for her, all she is allowed to be is a throat to be fucked," the sentinel general stated.
"And let our king do the thrusting?" the High Priestess sounded playfully offended, clutching her pearls. Well, she wasn't wearing pearls, the only accessories she wore was the diadem of the High Priestess of Elune, but the gesture was the same.
As they were currently stopped, Anduin balls-deep inside a gnome with cute pink twintails, her stomach lightly bulging from the immense girth of the High Kings reproductive might, Shandris took the opportunity to step on Maiev's head. Heel pressing against the redhead Warden's left cheek, she pushed her to the floor until the other hit the streets, filthy from sexual fluids. "This abstinent, arrogant whore only knows how to talk trash. Training her the proper way to deepthroat Anduin would take too long."
"Oh my, you are right Shandris," Tyrande nodded thoughtfully, "this bitch certainly has not a bit of the necessary cocksucking skills." The turquoise maned leader of the night elves kneeled behind Maiev and gave her a proper spank on her ass, which resulted in an unwilling moan leaving her dark lips. "All Maiev can do is pray our master is willing to fuck her."
"You two are a disgrace," the Warden may have been giving into her masochistic tendencies, but that didn't suddenly eliminate all she was. While she was very much enjoying the abuses, although she wouldn't admit as much, Maiev had always disliked Tyrande. "Get your hands off me, priestess."
"Are you sure you should talk back to me like that?" the High Priestess glided her hand over the perfect curve of Maiev's ass and over to her pussy. Love juices coated the lust-swollen lips and even the inside of her thighs down to the knees in a slick, glistening layer. Nonchalantly, Tyrande slipped a finger inside. "By Elune, you are TIGHT," she complimented, feeling the pressure against even just that one, slender finger. "The High King and you will both have a great time stretching you out."
Said High King filled the Gnome up to such an immense degree that her stomach bloated and some of the load burst out between his cock and the confinement of her pussy lips. If she wasn't pregnant, which was basically impossible, she certainly looked the part when he pulled out. The crowd cheered as Anduin placed her in a comfortable position on a bench and moved on.
Tyrande and Shandris both pulled back from Maiev to allow the procession to continue, leaving the Warden to lecherously bite her lips. "I want more..." she quietly whined under her breath, eyes staring on the piece of pavement her face had just rested on. When she looked up, she was met by the eyes of Anduin, for the first time since the cathedral he was looking directly at her and it made her shudder to the core. Her crotch positively gushed just from that pennant stare. If it wasn't for the fact that he hadn't allowed her to touch herself, the normally stuck-up Warden would have been making a mess of herself in front of all these people without a second thought, such immense pressure her horniness put on her conscious.
"We have made it barely half the way now," the High King stated in an accusatory tone, the kind that would have caused her to decapitate anyone else but from him made her loins feel like they were set on moonfire. "Maiev, do you have anything to say for yourself?"
She grit her teeth, a gesture trained from years of frustration now used to keep herself from panting lustfully like a dumb dog as the answer. "I am sorry, chosen of the moon," she slurred out these words in response. "If you wish to punish me, I will gladly accept."
"You would," Anduin spoke as if she was a piece of degenerate filth, which was strangely pleasing to her overly long ears. Then he turned around and the group began moving again. Away from the canal and into the dwarven district, which may as well be renamed the orgy district at that point in time.
'I wonder how the Deeprun Tram is affecting Ironforge on the other side,' Anduin thought. The technological wonder was transporting swathes of people to Stormwind every day. They would stay only for a couple of days, a vacation to get their balls empty and their heads clear. 'Eventually I will need to contact Moira and the Council of Three Hammers over the future... and to enthrall Moira herself.'
Another matter for another day, for now he headed into the district. "Why are we taken the scenic route?" Valeera asked. "The quicker we get back, the sooner you can fuck the Warden and get her to fetch that shiny knife you want."
"Because I heard of a shop and now is as good a time as any to visit it," Anduin told his second wife and the procession, with only two more stops, continued towards the High King's destination.
"Welcome," a heavy dwarven accent greeted Anduin's ears in the typical shopkeep fashion, after he pushed open the heavy wooden door. It belonged to a typically short and typically broad member of the mountain-dwelling race of smiths and crafters. His black hair was receding at the top, but at the sides it grew out long and the flowing beard reached his belly button. "What can I do for ye-," he looked up from his workbench and the leather he was currently cutting into fine ropes, which doubled as the counter. "By Bronzebeards pubic beard, High King Anduin in the nude!"
The proud and muscular king stepped towards the counter. "Relax," he spoke in a gentle tone, "are you Fitz Skincutters?"
"Aye, dat be me," the dwarf grunted, eyes clearly distracted by the voluptuous and athletic figures of the two queens following after their husband. With interest, they scanned the numerous articles lining the walls. "Finest supplier of fetish leather in all of Stormwind. Whips, suits, boots, I got it all, as long as it is made from leather."
"So I have heard," Anduin nodded. "Doubtlessly you have also heard of my own sexual exploits?"
"Heard?" the dwarf rolled the r and laughed heartily. "Lad, ye come in here with two fine women dripping with yer seed after reforming this her' city to the best place on earth? Ye be a man of legend, king Anduin, and I have seen ye fuck publicly before." A bit more quiet he added. "Ye have my greatest gratitude for elevating me from an obscure site where bored noblemen shop in secrecy to a man of vast riches."
"And how would you like to be even richer?" Anduin asked. "While I have none of it on me right now, I assure you that, if I find your products pleasing, you shall find yourself in my service often - and that the crown has a lot of money right now."
The dwarf tapped his nose, "I be a dwarf, lad, I will follow the gold where I can smell it." He turned towards the backroom door. "NASH, COME 'ERE! I need ya to show-off the wares!"
"I am busy cutting onions!" a melodic but firm voice returned.
"THE HIGH KING IS 'ERE!"
The sound of clutter echoed, followed by the hasted steps of someone with catlike agility moving down a hallway. A moment later, a night elf emerged. She had white hair and a dark-red mark on her face that looked like the outline of a butterfly. The rest of her skin had a nice, lightly blue tone.
The outfit she wore pushed her curves out more than it hid them. Black leather cupped the underside of her breasts, her purple nipples left standing out, quickly becoming hard at the eyes of the blond man of a king in front of her. A thong made from the same material hid her pussy from view, but the piece of underwear had an odd design, cut-outs above her pussy and ass having small frames set into them. Anduin realized a moment later that a dildo and a buttplug were set into the respective frames.
Shiny gloves and boots hid most of her limbs from view and a collar that reminded Anduin of a dog, completely with tag, sat tightly around her neck. Nash bowed, not just a little bit, but downright prostrating herself in front of him. "My greetings to you, High King Anduin, queen Jaina and queen Valeera, it is an honour," she spoke in a graceful tone, immediately followed by a cry of pleasure when Fitz slapped her bottom.
"This 'ere be my slave-wife Nasheria," the dwarf said, "a feisty one, but a total exhibitionist that gets off on showing my products. Just another thing I to thank ye for, lad." The dwarf winked. "So ye can be sure this first service to the crown is completely free."
A few minutes later, Anduin returned back outside with a simple item in hand. Fitz had insisted that he could take much more than what he had, but the king had simply said that he was very pleased with the quality and would surely return. Even if he wouldn't, Valeera must certainly had taken an interest in the displayed items.
He walked over to Maiev, who was waiting sitting on her lower legs like he had ordered her to. "You can follow orders well enough," he complimented, seeing the light in her silver eyes intensify for a moment. "Raise your chin."
"As you command," when addressing Anduin, her tone had none of the usual bite, only submissive adoration the kind she hadn't even known she was capable off. Her scorn was reserved for her enemies (and Tyrande), not this man that Elune herself had chosen and she was now accepting as her master.
Anduin pressed something cold against the Warden's throat and then reached around the back of her neck. Fidgeting around for a few moments, he tightening the object by pulling the thin end through several loops and then fixing it in place with a metal clasp at the side.
It was a leather collar, black like most of the fetish wear and dully reflecting the like on its oiled surface, keeping the material smooth and soft. It sat as tightly as possible around Maiev's throat, two pieces of metal quickly heating up from the warmth radiating off her blushed, tanned skin. One was the clasp that kept the collar locked, the other a ring at the front that connected the collar with a thin but strong rope that rested in Anduin's hand.
He got up and yanked it once. Again, her pussy gushed at the abuse. "By Elune," she panted, almost cumming on the spot. Just what had she denied herself all these millennia?
"Now, bitch, come along," Anduin commanded and pulled on her leash as he moved on. Cock pulsating with immense vigour, the High King stared at Jaina's bred ass as this new form of control triggered a sensual shiver down his spine. Precum oozed from the tip with every step, dripping on the floor in heavy drops of the viscous liquid.
Walking right next to him, his unoccupied hand hugged with her while body, Valeera noticed her husband's overboiling lust. "You look like you need to cum again," she whispered into his ear with a teasing voice, only making his situation worse. "Maybe you should pick another cutie from the crowd? There are enough whores that would kill to be even in Maiev's situation right now."
"There is court session that will begin soon. I called it myself to discuss the details of Valeria with the nobles," Anduin shook his head, "we shouldn't waste much more time."
"You are the king, they can wait as long as they still have their titles," Valeera whispered back, glancing backwards. "That aside, I think your dog is about to wet herself."
Every few steps, Anduin absent-mindedly pulled Maiev's leash. The combination of the public humiliation, this onslaught of sexual feeling so long suppressed, the force that caused her to crawl as quickly as she could and the tightness of the collar around her throat caused the Warden to moan and cum a little every time.
"Perhaps you should let her feel relief on a nearby tree?" Valeera suggested.
"I'd rather consummate her branding elsewhere," Anduin hesitatingly answered. While he had obviously no objections about exhibition or domination, he would rather have his first time with a woman somewhere a bit more comfortable. It just felt more correct to do it that way. Also, on the front of self-sustainment, he wanted to the opportunity to sit down and drink some water. He had expended a ludicrous amount of body fluids so far already and he began to feel the signs of it. Cumming a few times more would turn his body into a dehydrated mess.
"Maiev will certainly get off of it," Valeera raised a valid point, if anything it looked like the Warden would lose her mind if she had as much as another blast of Anduin's Light-blessed seed touch her skin. "Aside, there is always another hole that you can fuck without marking her."
Anduin's stride slowed as he thought about that. What Valeera whispered was indeed true and right now he was so horny that even he wouldn't be able to concentrate on what the nobles were saying. Cumming once more was basically a must if he wanted to keep his stoic image. By the time he reached a decision, the procession had left the dwarven district again. A few gestures and the guards changed course slightly. Instead of heading directly for the keep, they took one last, minor detour towards one of the trees that were decoratively planted along the rime of the canal.
"My second wife tells me you are about to wet yourself," Anduin pulled the lightly confused, but obedient Maiev on the little patch of soft grass surrounding. "I cannot have you desecrate Stormwind Keep, so do your business here." A clear lie, the palace was regularly stained with all kinds of juices, but as good a reason as any.
Now the Warden was further confused, she wasn't feeling anything close the need to urinate. However, that was not the kind of wetting Anduin was talking about. Giving the leash to Valeera, Anduin circled around his all-but-marked slave and squatted down. His fat prick pushed against Maiev's sphincter.
Before she could even dream of protesting, the cock, lubricated with the juices of dozens of women, slipped inside her. Far from the usual slow easing, Anduin simply shoved himself all the way into her ass in one hard stroke.
Maiev squealed like the piece of fuckable pork she never knew she wanted to be, her pussy immediately squirting out a load of love juices. A short moment, she understood what he meant by 'wet herself', then her mind gave in under the next thrust of the High King's strong hips.
Fucking her like a bitch in heat, Anduin pistoned in and out of her with quick and short bursts of movement. Her soft ass cushioned the blows, jiggled with the kinetic energy of his hips slapping down, even as her fingers dug into the soil underneath the green grass. "Don't squirt all over yourself," Anduin grunted, grabbing her right leg and pulling it upwards until she had the pose of a dog marking its territory, the High King still relentlessly ravaging her asshole from behind.
"Oh fuck, that's hot," Valeera groaned, pulling Jaina into a surprise kiss, eager for her own pleasure. The queens intermingled, as a crowd formed around the show. The two High Slaves soon joined their master's wives by falling to their knees and eating out their pussies.
Anduin was only further motivated in his lust by that display. The leg in his hands was his anchor, which he used to intensify the force behind his thrusts as every single one of them caused more of Maiev's orgasmic spraying to wet the soil. "Ah-aaa-hah-aah," were the only sounds she managed to make as the first penetration she experienced since the War of the Ancients, and the first penetration of her back-entrance period, pushed her far beyond the limits of a normal orgasm and kept her at that height continuously.
Her mind couldn't comprehend that something beyond the mere echo of her vanilla sex life before her bitterness could exist. Much less could she believe that something beyond this was possible. However, when a depraved lady such as herself was with the High King of the Alliance, beyond normal pleasure was just the entrance floor.
Soon Anduin felt his sensitivity increase exponentially, the tell-tale sign of an incoming orgasm. His thrusts went from quick to slow and thorough. One more, hard, a sound like someone clapping their hands together. Two more. Three more. Then, his balls tightened. He gritted his teeth. The muscles in his jaws stood out, strained like the rest of him. Four more. Five more. Six more. At seven, he exploded inside her.
While the absence of the mark meant that his seed didn't have any magical effects on her, the mere feeling of her anal cavity getting filled up by the hot seed of the heroic male made Maiev threw her head back and howl at the sky, three single, lust-distorted words left her agape mouth at the height of orgasmic bliss, "BYEH ELUAHNE, MASHTER!"
With every spurt of the thick, white liquid, Anduin felt his world fill with Light and bliss and his judgement return to him a bit more as the desire was satisfied for the moment. The first spurts were pure ecstasy, gulps of cold water in a desert. As his orgasm came to an end, the weaker spurts that joined the puddle forming inside Maiev, left him with more and more awareness of his parched throat and his limbs feeling weak.
Even though his erection remained as strong as ever, and the sight of Maiev's asshole left stretched wide open turned him on immensely, it didn't take a wise king to know he really needed to get back into the Keep and sit down for a minute.
Nobody in the crowd of citizens noticed, as Anduin waved at them in response to his marvellous display of sexual prowess, the quivering body of Maiev post-orgasmically left shivering in the grass. However, his wives and high slaves knew their master well enough to recognize he was weakened now.
"Get back on your feet," Valeera commanded, yanking on the leash, as Jaina turned towards the headguard and told him that there would be no more stops. The Warden obeyed as hastily as she could, her submissiveness wanting her to please no matter how wrecked her body and mind were from that fuck just now.
Good for her that she was granted a moment to recover through the time it took from there to the throne room.