This story contains descriptions of incest and homosexuality.\
***
Even before Mallorie asked me to marry her, she had become very close to my mother. The two of them became fast friends immediately after I'd introduced them. I began spending less time with Mallorie because she was spending so much time with my mother.
My mother loved to share stories and reminisce over images with Mallorie. They spent hours talking about my childhood and every embarrassing moment of my life. One particular topic that Mallorie thought was especially cute was one of my mother's favorite stories as well. It was during my senior year of high school. I'd gotten a B- on an Advanced Placement Chemistry test. It was the lowest grade I'd ever gotten. I was an emotional wreck when I handed that test to my mother. She consoled me and told me it would be okay.
Until that time, I'd never been punished. I'd never been grounded, scolded or had my mouth washed out with soap. Mother always said I was her little angel who never did anything wrong. But that day, even though she didn't want to, I insisted that I deserved to be punished.
Mother and I sat together and discussed possible punishments. Grounding didn't make sense, I never went out with friends, I spent all my time at home. Corner time seemed juvenile. Mother tried to scold me, but she was far too amused to be taken seriously. We eventually decided a spanking would be the most appropriate.
I remember trying to be deadly serious, but feeling very silly while I stood in front of my grinning mother and told her I was sorry for doing so poorly in my AP Chem class. She couldn't stop giggling while telling me I needed to try harder and that she was very disappointed. Mother then had me lay across her lap and spanked me playfully. After just a few spanks, I rolled off her lap. I told her she wasn't doing it right. But she thought the entire affair was unnecessary and that I did not deserve to be punished at all.
After insisting I needed to be punished, she took me back over her lap and spanked me more firmly. I told her it didn't hurt at all. She spanked me harder. It still wasn't enough. It didn't feel like a punishment; they were supposed to hurt. Mother smacked me hard enough that her hand hurt, but I still felt no pain. On the contrary, I found it felt rather nice.
Mother tried several more times until I rolled off of her lap onto the floor blushing deeply. She touched her thigh, then looked down at me. With a huge smile on her face, she unnecessarily informed me that the spanking didn't have the effect we'd intended. Her eyes then dropped to my hands covering the small erection in my pants. To this day, mother still threatens to spank me which always makes me blush.
While Mallorie drove us home on the same night she'd learned about my first spanking, she rested her big, strong hand on my skinny thigh. She glanced at me while driving and without the slightest bit of amusement, she explained that there had been a few times during our relationship that she wanted to take me over her knee. Even on the night she proposed, when I hesitated before agreeing to take her last name, she told me she wanted to give me a spanking I'd never forget. But lucky for me, I agreed to take her name before she could act.
She continued to drive while keeping her hand on my thigh. We drove along in complete silence for several blocks, both of us lost in our own thoughts. Mallorie squeezed my thigh suddenly and asked, "Bobby, in the time we've been together, do you think you have needed to be punished?" She squeezed my thigh firmly and rephrased her questions, "Have you ever wanted me to punish you?"
In a very soft voice, I said, "I don't know." Biting my lower lip and squirming in the passenger's seat, I whispered, "Maybe? I don't know."
Mallorie didn't look away from the road in front of her. She kept her hand on my thigh and spoke in a very calm manner, "Bobby, I think you do know. I think you've wanted me to take you over my knee and give you a firm spanking for a long time." She paused before she went on to finish her thought, "You've wanted to know if I'd make a joke out of it like your mother did or if I'd give you the punishment you've deserved since you brought home that poor grade in your Chemistry class."
Biting my lip hard, I felt a tear roll down my cheek as I looked over at Mallorie calmly driving us home. My voice cracked when I asked, "Mallorie when we get home, are you going to spank me?"
Still not looking away from the road she answered, "Yes I am."
For the remainder of the drive, we sat in silence. Her hand never left my thigh and I found her touch to be both comforting and frightening. Deep down inside, I knew Mallorie was going to give me a serious spanking. It wasn't going to be a few silly swats on my behind. She was going to really and truly spank me. And I couldn't stop my mind from imagining just how hard she was going to punish me. My skinny, little penis was stiff in my pants and at the same time, tears rolled down my cheeks in fear of what I had in store for me.
We pulled into our driveway and I watched our garage door open through teary eyes. She removed her hand from my thigh while she turned our car off and closed the garage door. Before getting out of the car, she looked at me and spoke with a firm tone, "Bobby, I want you to march your skinny little butt into the house and wait for me in the living room."
My lower lip quivered uncontrollably and the tears continued to drip down my face. I didn't reach for the door. I sat there with my hands folded in my lap while I sobbed. I'd never been punished or spoken to like that before. Just the idea of the punishment I had coming was enough to make me cry.
She spoke in that firm voice once again, "Bobby, am I going to have to repeat myself."
My voice cracked and wavered as I sobbed, "M-M-Mallorie, I'm afraid. I've-I've-I've never been spanked before."
"Bobby, get your little ass inside right now!"
I burst into tears and opened the passenger door. I scrambled through the garage door and into the living room. I didn't know where she wanted me to be, so I sat at the end of the coffee table facing the kitchen, the direction she would join me from. I continued to sob and struggled to deal with my rising emotions while I waited for Mallorie to enter the room. I heard her car door open and shut. I heard her open the garage door leading to the kitchen. I held my breath while I listened to her footsteps cross the kitchen until she appeared in the archway that separated our kitchen from our living room.
Mallorie stood in the archway with the kitchen light shining from behind her. She had her hands on her hips and her legs were spread to shoulder width. Her silhouette was very frightening. She stood there without saying a word. We both looked at each other and I'm sure she knew the effect it had on me.
She slowly crossed the room until she stood right in front of me. She reached out and took my hands and helped me rise to my feet. Very slowly, Mallorie began to undress me. She lectured me while removing my shirt. "Bobby, you've gone your entire life without a proper punishment."
She pulled my polo shirt up and off my body while my sobbing went out of control. I was gasping for breaths while she began to undo my belt and dockers.
"Your mother isn't the type of woman who could ever give you the punishments you deserved." She paused to have me sit back down on the coffee table so she could remove my shoes and socks. "Bobby, if you had been my son, you would have spent a substantial amount of time laying over my knee. You would have had a very red and tender bottom on a regular basis."
She paused again to have me stand so she could lower my dockers and underpants to my ankles before having me step out of them. My skinny, prong of a penis was standing up straight and had left a moist spot in my underwear.
Completely naked before her, she looked at me and I suddenly felt like a disobedient boy. Rising to her feet and taking my hand, she led me to the couch. After taking a seat in the middle, she pulled me face-down, across her broad lap. My arm closest to her was trapped between our bodies. She took hold of my other wrist and twisted that arm behind my back. With her free hand, she gently rubbed my clenched butt cheeks.
"Bobby, this is going to be your first real spanking. But I can guarantee you, this won't be your last. From now on, if you disappoint me, I'm going to punish you. Sweetheart, even when you're well behaved, I'm going to begin giving you maintenance spankings to ensure you continue to behave. Do you understand me, young man?"
Her choice of words and her tone made me feel even more like a naughty little boy. I was bawling and struggling to breathe by that point. I tried to answer her question, but I couldn't stop crying.
When her touch left my bottom, it was only for a split second before her open palm came crashing down against my pale cheeks. I wailed out in pain and surprise. She growled, "Well?"
I squealed in a very high pitch, "Yes! Yes, I understand!"
Her voice was calm when she replied, "Good boy." Her hand began to gently rub my cheeks once again. "Bobby, because this is your first real spanking, I'm only going to spank you twenty times, that first one doesn't count."
I gasped but didn't say a word.
"And Bobby, after each one, I want you to tell me one thing you have done that deserved a spanking. Do you understand?"
This time I didn't hesitate, even with the tears rolling down my cheeks and nose beginning to run, I squealed, "Yes ma'am, I understand." My mind already beginning to gather all the naughty things I'd ever done.
Her voice sounded oddly warm when she said, "Ma'am, I like the sound of that."
The moment her touch left my cheeks, I clenched up and tried to prepare for what I knew was coming. When her open palm came crashing against my cheeks my body jerked both from surprise and pain. I squealed out in a high pitch while she left her hand resting on my cheeks. She kept my arm pinned behind my back which kept me from squirming off of her lap. After catching my breath, I began the first of twenty confessions I'd make that day.
"I-I-I got a B- on a Chemistry test."
She spoke in a soft, but firm tone. "Very good."
Without the slightest bit of warning, her hand rose up and came crashing down against my cheeks like a freight train. My body jerked and I squealed again. Tears rolled down my cheeks and my nose began to run. "When you proposed, I-I didn't agree to take your name with you asked me too."
"That is correct and I should have given you a spanking then and there."
When her hand savagely slapped against my cheeks for the third time I began bawling. It wasn't only the spanking that made me cry. It was the emotional toll of confessing my mistakes out loud. I was about to begin telling my fiancé some of my deepest secrets.
After I regained control of my sobbing, I whimpered, "I-I pretended I was sick so I could stay home from school."
She rubbed her open palm over my naked behind and asked, "You were such a good student, why would you pretend to be sick?"
Tears continued to roll down my cheeks and I sniffled before squeaking, "Gym class. It was so I wouldn't have to go to gym class."
While still caressing my bare bottom, she asked, "You didn't like taking showers with other boy's did you?"
My emotions rose up and I began sobbing wildly again. Between gasps from breath, I wailed, "I hated it!"
"Bobby, Sweetheart, was it because you're so much shorter than the other boys? Or was it because you're so skinny? Or was it because you have such a cute little bubble butt? Or was it because your penis is so small with just those little wisps of light blonde hair?"
I sobbed, "All of it! Everyone stared at me!"
She was still gently rubbing my butt while she continued with her line of thought, "It must've been horrible for you to be trapped in those showers. You were surrounded by those tall, strong boys with all of their body hair and their long, thick cocks. You must've felt so out of place. You poor thing."
As she uttered the last syllable of that sentence, her hand rose up and crashed against my cheeks with every bit of her strength. My body jerked and my back arched deeply. I squealed out loudly while collapsing across her lap. She let me sob for several moments before she began to rub my punished cheeks.
With my nose running and tears pouring from my eyes and dripping onto the couch, I whimpered, "I cheated. I-I-I copied from a friend on a History test. I didn't study."
In her soft but firm voice, she stated, "Cheating is never acceptable. Even if you didn't get caught, which it sounds like you didn't, you still deserved a very firm spanking."
Moments before her hand rose up, I squealed, "I know!" And then her open palm crashed against my cheeks again. My back arched and my whole body jerked from the impact. I screamed out in pain and shame while bawling my eyes out.
When I'd calmed down enough, I whispered, "I-I-I have lied about different things to both you and my mom."
With her hand resting on my now-red cheeks, she scolded me. "Bobby, you know better than that. Lying is never acceptable. If I catch you in a lie, I'm going to introduce your skinny behind to my belt."
I squealed out, "I'm sorry Mallorie!!"
Her hand rose up and when it crashed against my cheeks, the sound of her skin slapping against skin filled my ears. I wailed and continued to sob. After sniffing my nose, I moaned, "I once flipped-off my mom behind her back."
She pressed down against my warm, tender cheeks with her open palm. She growled, "If I ever catch you using that finger again, I'm going to slap you across the face and then take you over my lap for a spanking you'll never forget. Do you understand me?"
I squealed, "Yes ma'am! I understand!"
Her hand rose up off my body and then slammed back down against my cheeks harder than ever before. My body jerked and my back arched while I screamed out at the top of my lungs. By this point, I knew what I had to do. I didn't wait to recover from the pain, I confessed through my sobs.
"A few times... while my mom was out with her friends... I got naked... and laid on her bed... and played with myself."
Her voice wasn't as firm as it had been when she said, "You naughty boy. What would your mother have thought if she found you like that?"
My voice shot up several pitches when I squeaked, "I don't know."
I didn't even realize her hand wasn't in contact with my cheeks before it slapped against them once again. My legs were kicking and each time I tried to reach back and protect my cheeks with my hand, she pulled my only free arm farther behind my back. She had me pinned in place across her lap, I wasn't going anywhere.
Whimpering through my sobs, I next confessed, "Once my mom had three friends over for wine." I swallowed and sniffled before continuing, "I got naked in the hall around the corner from the living room and played with myself while listening to them talk."
For the first time, she didn't say a word, she raised her arm up and slammed her palm down on my tender cheeks. I thrashed around on her lap and struggled to get away from her. But I simply wasn't strong enough.
"I-I-I have run around our backyard naked in the middle of the day." I sniffled and then whimpered, "I was hoping our neighbor, Mrs. Harris would step outside and see me."
She scowled, "Perhaps Mrs. Harris will get the opportunity to see you naked. But that will be on my terms!"
Her hand smashed against my poor cheeks again. After thrashing about for a few seconds, I squealed, "The-The last time we visited your mom." I swallowed hard and forced myself to continue. "While you were out running an errand, I took a shower and left the bathroom door wide open."
When she spoke, her voice sounded raspy and she was beginning to breathe heavily. "Bobby, if you want people to see you naked so badly, I can make that happen!"
Her hand slammed against my cheeks with full power. While I still wailed with each impact, I was left sobbing and squirming across her lap.
After a few moments, I whimpered softly, "I-I once stole.... something from a store."
Mallorie dragged her fingernails across my tender behind. "What did you steal, Bobby?"
Tears poured from my eyes, I was about to confess something I never thought I'd tell anyone. Gasping for breaths, I squeaked, "Panties. Pink panties."
Her voice was even raspier when she asked, "What did you do with those pretty, pink panties? Did you wear them, Bobby?"
I wailed like a tortured soul, "Yes! I wore them as often as I could until they were worn out and falling apart!"
Her thick thighs squeezed together beneath me and that movement made me realize that my penis was stiff! I was in the middle of a very serious spanking and I had a hard-on! I'd fantasized about spankings, but I never thought I'd be hard during one.
"You shouldn't keep secrets like that from me, it's as bad a lying." I thought I heard her moan before saying, "Maybe this weekend, we'll go shopping and replace all of your boring underwear with pretty panties."
Her hand came crashing down on the tender spot where my butt cheek met my thigh. I screamed out in agony and thrashed about over her lap. I whimpered between sobs, "Mallorie, can we please stop? I'm really sorry about everything. I promise I'll behave."
She growled at me, "No. And you need to tell me something."
Biting my lip and sniffling my nose, I whispered, "Sometimes when my mom was out with her friends, I would spend the whole evening wearing one of her silky nightgowns." My sobbing began anew when I uttered, "I've worn some of your nightgowns too."
Her voice was surprisingly calm, but she was still breathing heavily, "Bobby, it isn't nice to wear other people's clothes without their permission. This weekend when we're out shopping, we'll pick you up a few nightgowns too."
The next three spanking came in quick succession, one right after the other. She spanked me, I confessed and she immediately struck me again.
*SMACK!*
"I've tried to cum in my own mouth several times!"
*SMACK!*
"I've fingered my bottom!"
*SMACK!*
"I've fucked my bottom with a carrot!"
She paused to catch her breath while I bawled my eyes out and squirmed on her lap. With my arm still pinned behind my back, I was trapped and forced to accept my punishment and confess my sins. It was extremely emotional telling her my deepest secrets, things I never thought anyone else would ever know. My bottom was throbbing and tender as I lay naked across her lap.
Her voice was raspy and she half-moaned, "I'm learning so much about my fiancé. I would love to watch you cum in your own mouth. And I'm sure we can find something more exciting than a carrot to fuck your cute little ass with."
When she raised her arm, I clenched my cheeks and gritted my teeth. Her hand slapped against that same spot where my butt cheek met my thigh on my other leg. I squealed out loud and she pinned my arm behind my back a little tighter to keep me from squirming too much.
"Mallorie... please? Can't we stop?? Pretty please??"
She dragged her fingernails across my tormented cheeks while growling, "No. Keep talking!"
My voice cracked and I was mortified to tell her, "Sometimes... when I play with myself... I still think about.... I-I-I still think about the spanking my mom gave me."
Her voice was soft and firm, "I'm not surprised."
The force and suddenness of her next blow knocked the wind out of me. I was gasping and sobbing and screaming all at the same time. And I was kept pinning across her lap with my arm folded behind my back.
After a few moments, I was able to continue with my confession. "We went shopping a few months ago... you sent me to find some new shoes for myself... I didn't... I snuck into the women's dressing room instead... I got naked and played with myself... ladies were coming and going... I think I heard you go in there once too."
She growled at me but didn't say a word. Her hand rose up and slammed against the sweet-spot where my leg met my butt cheek again. I thrashed about on her lap until she nudged my arm farther behind my back to keep me in place.
While still crying, I went onto admit, "Just after we moved in together... you were out with my mom... I used one of your store-bought douches in my bottom."
She growled, "Dammit! I would have enjoyed watching that!"
Her hand slapped against my very tender and sore bottom very suddenly. I squealed and thrashed about, kicking my legs around wildly. "I have always complained when you tell me to eat you after we make love. I don't hate doing that. I actually like licking you clean."
Her growl was raspy and her breathing was very heavy, "Good. You'll be doing that a lot more often!" She rubbed circles on my cheeks and said, "Last one, let's make it a good one."
Her large, strong hand slammed against my butt cheeks with an unbelievable amount of force. I screamed out and sobbed pathetically. I lay there naked, across her lap while she gently caressed my abused cheeks with her warm, open palm. She released my wrist and used that hand to rub my lower back. With a soft, gentle tone she said, "Bobby, you still have one more thing to tell me."
Biting my lip hard, I sniffled my nose and wiped my tears away with my now free hand. I thought hard for something else to confess other than what was at the front of my mind. In the end, it was what I had to tell her. I could no longer keep that secret from her. Not after all I had confessed. She needed to know my most shameful secret.
After taking a deep breath, I summoned all my courage and began to share my most embarrassing secret. "Um, you know my mom's boss, Mr. Kent. Don't you?"
Mallorie continued to caress my abused bottom and lower back with her large, soft hands. "Yes, I've met him several times."
I nibbled on my lip and didn't even try to look up at her. My voice was shaky and cracked when I next spoke, "Before we met, I went to my mom's company Christmas party. And, Mr. Kent was there..."
Mallorie whispered, "Of course he was at the holiday party. It is his company."
My penis was stiff and poking down between her thick thighs. I squirmed around across her lap before I continued, "Well, it was getting late. I was coming out of the bathroom. And I ran into Mr. Kent. He had been drinking. And I don't know if he thought I was someone else or not..."
Her voice was soft and understanding when she asked, "What did he do to you, Sweetheart?"
I fought to keep myself from crying, "He backed me against a wall and... He kissed me."
Her hands never stopped caressing my naked body. The tone of her voice never changed from the soft, gentle tone she had begun using. "Bobby, did you kiss him back?"
My back arched and I know I was blushing from head to toe, "No, I don't think so. But I didn't stop him either. Maybe I did."
"Did you two do anything more than just kiss?"
Biting my lip and squirming on her lap, I whispered, "No, not really. We just kissed in that hall for a while."
Mallorie turned her wrist so she could lay her middle finger between my cheeks. She began to slide it up and down without pressing between them. "Did you want him to do more than just kiss you?"
Rolling my hips up so her finger slipped between my cheeks a little ways, I half-moaned, "Yes."
"Bobby, would you have stopped Mr. Kent if he undressed you?"
My voice sounded squeaky, "No."
"Bobby, what would you have done if he pushed you down onto your knees?"
My voice was still very squeaky sounding, "I-I-I would have opened his pants and taken him in my mouth."
"And Bobby, if he told you to get on your hands-and-knees, reach back and spread your cheeks open for him, would you?"
"Yes."
Her finger dipped between my cheeks and the pad of her finger was gently pressing against my tight, knot of a hole. "Bobby, Honey, do you still wish Mr. Kent would have put his long, fat cock inside of you?"
My voice sounded whiney, "Mallorie, I can't do this."
She began to tap her finger against my wrinkled hole and said, "Yes, you can. Just answer my question. Do you want Mr. Kent to make love to you?"
Even more whiney sounding than before, "Please Mallorie. Don't make me."
Her voice sounded firm and serious when she said, "Am I going to have to get my belt?"
I shivered and whined, "No!"
"Then answer my question."
After biting my lip hard and rolling up my hips up high to give her access to the depths between my cheeks, I squeezed my eyes shut and forced myself to answer honestly, "Yes."
She sounded pleased when she went on to ask, "Yes, what?"
I swallowed hard and uttered, "I wish Mr. Kent had seduced me that night. I wish he made love me."
We remained like that for quite a while. I was naked and lying face down across her lap. My bottom was still tender from the spanking she'd given me. And I was having a difficult time believing all of the secrets I'd just shared with her. Mallorie's finger slipped from between my cheeks and she went back to lovingly caressing my lower back and butt cheeks.
Eventually, we got up from the couch and held hands as we made our way to our bedroom. My skinny, little penis was as stiff as ever and bounced with every step I took. My clothes were left behind on the living room floor.
When we arrived in our room, Mallorie embraced me and kissed my lips gently. She then whispered two words, "Undress me."
I reached up and began to undo the buttons on her top. It fell to the floor after sliding off her shoulders. Moving around behind her, I nibbled on my lip while struggling with the 4 sturdy clips on her bra. When that task was accomplished, I rushed back in front of her and slowly pulled the cups of her bra away from her body. Her enormous D-cup breasts fell free exposing her apple-sized areolas and thimble-sized nipples. Her fingers ran through my hair when I leaned in and gave each nipple a gentle, loving kiss.
Mallorie sat on the bed while I first removed her shoes, then her socks. I gave each of her big toes a kiss while she smiled down at me. Back on her feet, I undid the button and zipper on her pants. I wiggled them over her hips and down her legs. While I knelt to remove them from her feet, I noticed a very large moist spot on her panties and could feel the warm humidity from her sex.
Remaining on my knees, I reached up and slowly lowered her high-rise, support panties. First, her thick, jet black, jungle of pubic hair came into view. I continued to peel her panties away from her dripping sex. Her lips were peeled open like a flower and her fat clit poked out from between them. After lowering her panties to her ankles, I completely removed them as she lifted first one foot and then the other.
Mallorie stepped back toward the bed and sat down. She leaned back on her elbows, spread her legs wide apart and rested her feet on the bedframe. I crawled across the room on my hands-and-knees and rose up at the edge of the bed, right between her legs. Leaning in, I sucked her clit into my mouth and tickled it with my tongue.
After a deep moan, she shook her head and whispered, "Bobby, fuck me with your little penis. You can make me cum with your mouth afterward."
Even though I'd told her I enjoyed cleaning her after we'd had sex, it was strange that she knew. She was already using that confession against me. I had been honest, I loved to kiss and lick her when she was hypersensitive after we'd made love. But she knew I enjoyed cleaning the messes I'd made. It was terribly embarrassing, but it was even nicer to know that I didn't have to hide that from her anymore.
I slowly rose to my feet and took hold of my rigid, little, pink prong. Stepping closer, I slid inside Mallorie with ease. She was so slippery and warm, my toes curled up into knots as soon as I was all the way inside.
I'm not delusional, I know I have a smaller than average penis. Mallorie sometimes teases me and asks, 'are you in yet?'. The first few times she did that, it did hurt my feelings. But whenever she comments on the size of my penis, I wind up having the biggest, most powerful orgasms. And this time was no different.
She giggled and said the four words I had such a love/hate relationship with, "Are you in yet?"
When I grunted, "Yes!"
She giggled, "Are you sure? Because I don't feel anything!"
I looked into her eyes and whined, "Mallorie!"
She was leaning back on her elbows. Her huge breasts were spread apart with the stiff nipples pointing slightly away from each other. She grinned at me and said, "It's okay Sweetheart. I don't need to feel you now. You have your fun and squirt inside of me." She licked her lips and whispered, "I'll cum good and hard when you eat me after you're finished."
My orgasm came on quickly and exploded out like a volcano. My muscles all went taut and my arms flailed around like crazy. Goosebumps popped up all over my body and I squealed in a very high pitch as my orgasm crested. My penis squirted out three bursts of my love inside of Mallorie. I slipped my penis out from inside of her and rubbed the head of my penis against her fat clit while the last drops of my cum oozed out.
Falling to my knees between her thighs, I leaned in and took her creamy clit in my mouth. Mallorie laid back flat on the bed and began pinching her nipples with her fingers. I licked circles around her clit and sucked it back into my mouth again.
Mallorie moaned, "Bobby, I'm going to buy a long, fat strap-on dildo so I can make love to your cute little bottom."
I moaned into her pussy and began sliding my tongue up and down in the crease beneath her lips. I looped my arms around her thick thighs and pressed my face against her. After dipping my tongue into her pussy, I was rewarded with the taste of our combined juices.
She moaned, "I wasn't kidding about our shopping trip this weekend. Sweetie, I'm going to keep you in panties at all times. And you're going to look adorable in sexy little nightgowns."
Dipping my tongue inside of her and swallowing the cream that leaked out, I moaned softly and nuzzled my nose against her clit.
She continued to pinch a nipple with one hand while the other drifted down and combed through her damp pubic bush, "Maybe one night soon, I'll invite old, Mrs. Harris over for a glass of wine while you're running around in a sexy nightie."
Without pulling my face away from her sex, I moaned, "Mallorie!!"
"And I'm going to have to find reasons to give you a spanking while visiting both your mom and mine. Think about it, while I strip you naked, they'll both learn you wear panties. And I'm going to take those panties off right in front of them. Both your mom and mine will see you completely naked. And they'll both get to witness me giving you a proper punishment. They are going to see you cry and squirm around on my lap. And afterward, I may make you stand naked in the corner with a red bottom and a stiff penis."
I moaned into her pussy again, "Mallorie!!!"
"If I left you at my mother's house and gave her permission to punish you if you stepped out of line, do you think she would? If after watching me strip you naked and spank your skinny little butt, do you think my mom would do the same thing?"
My little penis had become very stiff once again and my little balls were pulled up tight to my body. I was humping myself against the side of the mattress. Pulling my face away from her pussy, I squealed out loudly, "Yes! I hope so!!"
Burying my tongue inside of her, my cream drained into my mouth. Rocking my head from side to side, I dragged my nose back-and-forth across her clit. In the softest of voices, she whispered, "What about your mom? Maybe she'd strip you naked and give you a playful spanking."
I groaned and arched my back deeply.
"She may even pinch your little penis between her thighs while she spanks you. Can you imagine squirting while your mom..."
Mallorie's thighs clamped down on my head and wasn't able to hear the rest of what she said. Dipping my tongue inside of her, I felt the walls of her pussy flex and vibrate. Dragging my nose across her clit, and hugging her thighs tightly, I pressed my face more firmly against her. I never heard a sound, I only felt her body spasm, twitch and vibrate as she finally achieved the orgasm she deserved.
Her thighs eventually relaxed and allowed me to sit back on my heels. My face was drenched with her juices and I'm sure I looked a mess. I knelt there on the floor between her legs and watched her body recover from what I hoped was a memorable orgasm.
She didn't say a word until she had sat upright and was looking down at me. "Bobby, you're little thing is stiff again. Come up here and let's find out if I can make you squirt twice." She giggled, "Let's see if we can make you squirt into your mouth!"
Mallorie swiveled around and moved toward one end of our bed. She had me lay face up with my head right between her spread thighs. She leaned forward and took hold of both my legs with her hands behind my knees. She pulled them back toward her and we worked together until my hips were directly above my face with my legs captured under her arms.
I lay there looking up at my rigid and throbbing penis. I'd done this several times by myself, sometimes I squirted in my mouth. And other times I missed and gave myself a facial. I found it very hard to aim. And I had never done this with anyone else watching! But this was Mallorie, my fiancé, the woman I loved. If I were ever to do this with someone else, it could have only been Mallorie.
She adjusted my legs under her arms so my penis was as close to my lips as it would get. I could almost touch it with the tip of my tongue. Mallorie reached under my hips with one hand while keeping my leg trapped in that armpit. She took my penis between her first finger and thumb and began to stroke it up and down. She peered down at me from between my legs and made sure my penis was aimed properly.
"Bobby, this is the sexiest thing I've ever done." She moaned softly while still stroking my skinny penis. As a drop of my clear precum began its slow descent to my lips, she whispered, "Open wide Sweetie. I don't want you to miss a drop."
Looking up at the love of my life, I parted my lips and we both watched the drop of excitement land on my tongue. For a brief moment, my tongue was connected to my penis by a thin strand of my love. Mallorie smiled proudly down at me as I closed my lips and swallowed. Parting my lips open again, I waited for the next drop to arrive. But I'd cum so recently, I knew it was going to take a while and Mallorie knew it too.
She didn't stroke me faster. Instead, she leaned forward, stuck out her tongue and pressed it between my cheeks. She licked my wrinkled hole!!! The feeling of it was so powerful and intense, my body went crazy! I thought I was having a seizure! But I couldn't move much at all, Mallorie had me folded over on top of myself with my legs trapped under her strong arms. She never stopped stroking my penis and it let out three big drops of precum that missed my mouth and landed instead on my chin, nose, and cheek.
When Mallorie sat up and looked down at me again, she moaned, "Did that feel good, Bobby? Did you enjoy that, Sweetheart?"
When I opened my mouth and squeaked the word, "Yes!", a drop of my precum fell directly into my mouth.
While leaning back toward my wrinkled hole, she whispered, "You are so fucking cute!"
This time she didn't just lick my wrinkled button. No, she licked circles around it and tried to poke her tongue inside of me. She licked over and around it until my arms began flailing around wildly and I tried to kick my legs free from her grasp. She then sat up and began to stroke me a little faster.
She looked down on me and asked, "Are you going to cum for me, Bobby?"
I squeaked, "Yes!"
Her eyes seemed to sparkle when she asked, "Are you going to cum right in your mouth? Are you going to swallow it all down like a good boy?"
Again, I squeaked, "Yes!!"
Her voice got deeper when she said, "You're going to have a mouthful of cum, straight from a penis. Just imagine that is Mr. Kent's big, fat cock pointing down at you. And when you cum, it'll be Mr. Kent who is filling your mouth with his cream."
My arms went wild and began pounding against the mattress on either side of me. My toes curled up into knots and my eyes opened wide when my little balls popped inside of my body. I watched the opening on the tip of my penis spread open as a large blob of cum shot out at full speed and fell directly into my wide-open mouth. I didn't close my mouth or swallow. I kept my mouth open for the rest of what it had coming.
Mallorie kept her finger and thumb looped around my little hard-on and stroked it quickly while keeping it aimed into my mouth. I grunted and my body twitched as the next, even bigger glob of pearly white cream raced into my mouth.
Her voice was deep and I could hear her arousal, "Oh Baby, this is the first of many times that we'll be doing this!"
She squeezed down with her finger and thumb and began jacking it off at a very quick pace. Three smaller dollops of cum left my mouth half-filled. And Mallorie squeezed out two more drops before she released my penis. I lay there looking up at both my penis and Mallorie between my legs. I didn't swallow, I was waiting for Mallorie to tell me to. When she remained up there, looking down at me with a proud gleam in her eye, I knew I'd made her happy.
She spoke in a soft whisper, "Swallow it. Swallow it all, Bobby."
I don't think she even blinked her eyes while I closed my mouth and swallowed three different times before it all went down. I then opened my mouth wide and stuck out my tongue.
I bit my lower lip and said, "That was fun."
While releasing my legs and letting me lay on my back between her thighs, she said, "Fun, is an understatement. That was incredibly sexy! You just swallowed cum that came straight from your penis!"
I giggled and squirmed around on the bed, "I know!"
Mallorie slid down from her sitting position and spooned me from behind. She kissed my ear before whispering, "Bobby, I really wasn't kidding. We're going shopping for panties and nighties this weekend."
I wiggled my butt back against her and whispered, "I never thought you were kidding."
She kissed my ear again, "And I'm going to find a way for Mrs. Harris to see you in a nightie and maybe naked too."
Biting my lip, I squeaked, "Soon, I hope."
She nibbled on my earlobe, "Sweetheart, we both know you've had a complete lack of discipline your entire life. From now on, I'm going to punish you when you deserve it. And I'll give you Saturday afternoon spankings to encourage you to behave."
I whimpered, "I understand, Mallorie."
We lay there together with her snuggled up to me from behind. She held me in her arms and I'd never felt so loved before. I was so relaxed, I was in danger of drifting off to sleep. But she shifted her body behind me and hugged me closer to her.
Her voice was slightly deeper, "We're going to visit my mother the week after next. While we're there, guess who will be wearing panties the entire time?"
I squeaked, "Me?"
She kissed my ear, "And during that visit, can you guess who is going to continue leaving the bathroom door wide open while he showers?"
Biting my lip, I whimpered, "Me."
She whispered, "That's right, Sweetheart."
There was a pause in our conversation. We were both laying there and thinking about how our activities of the evening would alter our relationship. Neither of us was upset. My confessions of the night had brought us closer together. I had no secrets to hide behind. And I knew I never would have to lie to her again.
Her voice was soft, "Bobby, if the opportunity arises, I want you to make a pass at Mr. Kent."
I quickly squeaked, "But!"
Mallorie cut me off, "It won't hurt my feelings or affect our relationship. You obviously have some very strong homosexual tendencies. I don't want to be the reason you never experience that sort of love. I'm positive Mr. Kent will be slow and gentle. He'll make the encounter as wonderful as possible."
I swallowed hard and looked back over my shoulder at her. "Mallorie, I don't know what to say?"
She rose up on her elbow, leaned down and kissed my lips. "I have one condition. If anything happens between you and Mr. Kent, I want you to tell me about it right away. No secrets."
I leaned up and kissed her lips, "I promise."