There is a private lake up north of where I live, set back in the hill country that I had heard stories about and always dreamed of fishing. Today was my chance and I was taking it. An old friend had built a place on the lake and I had ran into him at the local cafe. He was in town on business and was eating lunch.
To make a longer story short, I asked about the fishing on the lake and he invited me up for the next Saturday to find out for myself. So now I'm on the road with my boat on behind the truck and a mug of coffee in my hand. I figured on being there at daylight.
The sun was just starting to color the horizon as I punched in the code to open the front gate to his place. A short drive later, I took the second right and followed it down to a boat launch ramp and boathouse. I made a circle and backed my boat down to the edge of the water.
As I got out of the truck, my friend stood up on the patio above the ramp. "Good morning," he called out as he did.
"And a good morning to you. It looks like it's going to be a beautiful day," I said as I came around the truck.
He was coming down the steps. I stopped and looked at him hard. He was dressed in a business suit. I had on shorts and a t-shirt. "I didn't know this was going to be a formal fishing trip."
"Sorry about this but I have a meeting to attend, some heads to roll, and a few nuts to crack."
"Sounds like fun." John owned a couple of construction companies and an interest in an oil company or two. He was quite well to do, as they say.
He grinned. "You go on and fish. You'll have the lake to yourself, pretty much."
"Did someone say fishing?" A female voice asked from the patio.
I looked up to see a sleepy looking young woman in a ducky covered bathrobe, and fuzzy slippers. I didn't have a clue who she was.
John laughed and shook his head. "Clyde, meet my middle daughter, Tina. She might not look it at the moment but she is fishing crazy."
"Any fishing nut is a friend of mine," I said as I gave her a wave.
"Since you're not going, can I go?" She asked her father.
He looked around at me. "Hey, I was going to fish with you and she's a heck of a lot cuter," I said with a grin.
He chuckled and shook his head. Looking around at his daughter. "You better put a rush on or he'll leave without you."
She was gone like a shot and John laughed as he turned back to me. "She's a good kid, even if she is a little scatter brained. On this one minute and onto something else the next."
"All kids are like that," I reassured him. "Even us when we were young."
"Yeah, but she's almost twenty."
"In that case, I'm glad I'm not you," I said with a grin.
He chuckled and turned around to go back up the steps. "I need more coffee. Have fun and don't drown her. I don't have any insurance on her anymore."
"Maybe you should tell her the same thing," I said as he reached the top of the steps. He just waved over his shoulder.
*****
I had the boat launched and tied to the dock with the motor warming when Tina appeared again. Tight white shorts, white tennis shoes, a light blue t-shirt, and an Aggie ball cap changed her appearance totally. Now she looked the part of the athletic young woman she was. As she bounced down the steps, my eyes instantly focused on the bouncing going on in the front of her t-shirt. She was one healthy young woman, I must say.
"Let me grab a couple of rods and my tackle box and I'll be right with you," she said as she trotted over to the front of the boathouse.
All I could do was nodded as I watched her breasts sway under that t-shirt. Her nipples were making moving tents as they moved to and fro. As she went into the boathouse I shook myself. "She's half your age," I whispered to myself. Myself didn't seem to care in the least.
When she came out of the boathouse, she had two nice rods in one hand and a large tackle box in the other. She walked over to and then out onto the dock. I took the tackle box from her and sat it next to the driver's console. She stepped down into the boat and laid the rods on the front deck.
"How well do you know this lake? This is my first time here," I said as she turned and sat down on the edge of the front casting deck.
"I've fished it several times with dad and I've explored on my own. There is a creek channel down that way with a timber flat on one side that produces some good fish early."
"If you'll get the bow rope, we'll head that way," I said. "You are now officially the guide for this trip. You can show me around."
She smiled as she got up to get the rope. "Some of the things I could show you," she said with her back to me that hid a grin.
My eyes were on the tight shorts stretched over her shapely ass as she bent to get the rope. There was a hint of a camel toe where her thighs met. I was already seeing some amazing sights, I can tell you, but probably not her.
When she moved back and sat down beside me, I backed the boat out and away from the dock. There were some scattered cypress trees between open water and us. I idled the boat along until we were clear of them. Once in the open she pointed out a row of widely spaced pilings leading off in both directions.
She pointed to the left. "Stay on the outside of those pilings. They mark the closest to shore the water skiers and speedboats can go fast. Inside them is a no wake zone."
"Do you have a lot of speedboats and water skiers here?"
"Only on certain weekends during the summer. The rest of the time it is fairly quiet."
I turned the wheel left and sped up. When I got parallel with the pilings, I sped up until we were on plane. The lake was mirror smooth, the four-stroke motor was quiet enough you could hear the hiss of the water along the hull.
"Hey, I like this boat," she said with a grin. "It's not real fast but it sure is quiet."
I grinned as I pushed the throttle forward. I had only been cruising at half speed. The boat jumped forward and Tina laughed as she reached up and grabbed her ball cap. "I think I spoke too soon. I got to get me one of these."
We had covered a half a mile or so when Tina said, "Those trees sticking out up ahead. Pull in on this side of them."
I stopped the boat well short of the thicker stand of cypress trees coming out off a point of land. You could tell the water got deeper as the trees got smaller and younger. "Now this is my kind of place. I was raised fishing cypress trees," I said as I shut the motor off.
Tina stood up, got her rods, and moved to the rear casting deck. "I catch fish off the cypress trees but they are always in weird spots."
"That's because you don't understand cypress trees. You're fishing the tree and not the rings of roots that surround it. The roots grow out and then up into the water. Then another ring forms, as the tree gets older. There can be dozens of them on big old trees. The fish will lay between these rings to feed."
She looked thoughtful and then said, "That sounds reasonable. I had noticed the roots but never knew they were in rings."
"Early and late always fish the sides where there will be the most shade between the root rings." I told her as I opened the rod box under the front deck and pulled out two rods. One had a top water bait on and the other a shallow running twitch type crank bait.
I moved to the front deck and lowed the trolling motor. As I took a seat in the chair, I made a long cast toward the shortest and smallest cypress tree. I reeled in the slack and just as the lure moved, I gave it a sharp jerk. It put out a fan shaped spray of water and made a hissing sound.
"Hey, that sounds and looks like shade hitting the surface," Tina said.
I jerked the lure again and it exploded. I set the hook on a fat bass and grinned. "It sure does." I told her as I fought the fish.
She laughed. "Smart ass," she said as she cast a willow leaf spinner bait toward the same tree.
*****
I had caught four nice fish by the time she landed a small one. As she tossed the fish back she asked, "You wouldn't have another one of those lures would you?"
I turned around and opened a storage locker in the deck. I pulled out a bag and took a flat box out of it. I selected a lure like mine and held it out toward her. "I never leave home without a dozen or so."
She moved forward and took the lure. As she looked at it she said, "From the way the fish are hitting it, I can see why." Then she frowned. "It's a popper with the lower lips shaved off."
"Correct. It's called a Pop R and probably the most closely guarded secret in bass fishing. The company quit making them at one time and there were riots."
She chuckled as she moved up to the back deck. "Riots huh. All I want to do is start a bass riot."
I made a cast toward the next tree toward shore. "That will do it," I said as I jerked the bait. It exploded and I set the hook but the fish wasn't there. I reeled in quickly and laid that rod down. I picked the other one up and cast the minnow shaped crank bait a little past where the bass had hit the top water bait.
"Why did you change baits?" Tina asked with confusion evident n her voice.
I twitched the bait once and it dove under a few inches. I twitched it again with the same result. As it came back to the surface, I started to reel quickly and the lure dived deeper and wiggled from side to side. There was a big swirl and I set the hook on a large fish. "That is the reason," I said as the drag on my reel sang.
She nodded. "Works for me and I don't think you're a novice at this game."
I horsed on the fish as he made a run for the trees. He turned and I crank furiously to keep the slack out of my line as he headed for deeper water. As I caught up with him and applied pressure to the rod, I replied, "I used to make my living tournament fishing."
"That sounds like a fun way to make a living."
"It can be or rather it used to be," I said as the fish started up slowly.
"What do you mean, it used to be?"
The fish rolled on the surface and then turned on his side. I moved to the edge of the deck and leaned down. I led the fish over toward the boat with the rod in one hand as I leaned down and grabbed him by the bottom lip. As I leaned back I raise a fat six-pound bass up in the air.
"Nice fish," Tina said.
"Thanks," I replied. I got all three hooks free from his large mouth. I held the fish up and looked him over.
"Health," I said as I dropped him back in the lake.
Tina made a cast toward the opposite side of the tree where I had hooked the big bass. She jerked the bait and it made a bubbly sound. "Hey, this one doesn't do like yours."
"Reel the slack in and then jerk just as the lure starts to move." I told her.
She did as I said and was rewarded with the spray and hiss. "There are tricks to everything."
I nodded as I check to see if my line was frayed. It was good so I cast back toward the tree. Tina worked the lure again and then a third time. It exploded and she had a fat three-pound fish on. "Alright!" she yelled as she muscled the fish in.
"Work him easier. Let him wear himself out. Less chance of him coming off and it'll make him easier to land," I coached her.
She backed off the pressure on the rod and a minute later had him lipped and in the boat "He sure didn't splash around as much when I lifted him up."
"He was tired and out of fight."
She nodded as she got the hook out of his mouth. She looked him over and then dropped him back in the lake. "A pretty fish."
"Five of those each day for three days will win most tournaments."
"So why did you quit?"
"A new lake nearly every weekend for nine months out of the year. Bad restaurant food, crowded motels, too little sleep, too much driving through the night. It wears you down over time. Then there are sponsors to keep happy and promoters are even worse. The politics are a nightmare. I finally had enough."
"I guess I can understand that but I sure would like to try it."
"Every fishing nut would," I said as I worked my lure.
*****
I lost count of the bass we caught and released but it was a good number just on that one point alone. As we moved into the creek, I changed the Pop R out for a green frog. I worked that along the cypress trees along the shoreline and made an occasional cast to the stump beds on the opposite side.
Tina stayed with the Pop R and caught a half dozen fish. I only caught one but it was another one in the six-pound plus range. The creek was narrowing and the sun was getting up, the heat rising. "Know where there are any more points with cypress trees or a deep shaded creek?" I asked as I laid my rod down.
She looked thoughtful for a moment and then shook her head. "No points like this one but I do know a good wide deep creek."
"Then it's time to move," I said as I stowed the tackle bag and strapped my rods down. I turned the boat around toward the open lake and raised the trolling motor.
Tina strapped her rods down and moved down to sit beside me as I started the outboard. As I idled toward the row of pilings, she asked, "Why did you change over to the frog?"
"Force of habit. After you get five fair fish and they are nice but less than four pounds, you change it up to find larger fish to cull the five you are allowed. You caught more fish than me by using the same lure but I caught one much bigger. A money fish, they call it."
She nodded. "I'm learning a lot," she said with a grin. "I wonder what dad would say if I decided to try fishing for money."
"Knowing your dad, he'd encourage you and give me a dirty look," I said with a grin.
We reached the pilings and she pointed left again. "That way about a mile."
The lake wasn't wide but it was long. We were headed toward the dam end of the lake and deeper water. The wind was up just enough to put a slight chop on the surface. I ran a little above three quarter throttle and that smoothed the chop out nicely.
Tina pointed to the mouth of a creek and I turned that way and slowed. I hadn't seen or heard another boat all morning and had only seen half a dozen houses on the far side of the lake. None on this side.
"This lake sure is deserted," I said with a glance at the young woman next to me.
"Most of the homes here are weekend getaway places. There are only about four families that live here year round like we do. Two of them are up this creek."
I nodded and shut off the motor as we neared the entrance to the creek. The left bank was shallow and moss covered but the right hand one looked like a straight drop off with large willow trees lining it. Some of the willows leaned out over the water and provided shade.
"Not bad," I said as I stood up.
Tina stood up beside me and stretched her arms up over her head and twisted her upper body back and forth. I watched her beasts move under the tight t-shirt out of the corner of my eye. As she lowered her arms she grinned and asked, "How do you like the scenery?"
My head swiveled as I wondered which scenery she was speaking of. The grin on her face made me look at the front of her t-shirt. Her nipples made tents in the cloth. "Uh, lovely, just lovely," I said as I looked away.
She laughed and turned to step across the seats and up onto the back deck. "When I'm by myself fishing, I usually fish topless or even naked."
"Be still my heart," I said as I turned to look at her.
"I wonder how that would go over in a tournament?"
"You would get plenty of spectators and camera time but none of the video would reach the TV shows," I told her with a grin.
She shrugged. "The spectators would be enough," she said and then shivered hard. "You might have noticed that I'm somewhat of an exhibitionist."
"If you've got it, flaunt it, I always say. And if you enjoy flaunting it, do it often."
"I enjoy it believe me. I enjoy teasing also," she said as she pulled the bottom of her t-shirt up and then rolled it up until it was right at the bottom of her breasts. She had a nice tan on her flat belly and a small bead in a piercing at the top edge of her navel.
"Nice, very nice," I said as my eyes wandered openly over the exposed skin.
"I have an old t-shirt that I've cut off at the bottom of my breasts that teases better. The bottom curve of each breast shows as I move. If I raise my arms over my head, it only covers from my nipples up."
"Too bad you didn't wear it but then again, my lure would have been in most of the cypress trees instead of in the water," I replied with a grin.
"Daddy was still around or I would have."
"Yeah, I don't think he would have approved of you showing off for a dirty old man like me."
Tina laughed. "You're not that old and you have a nice way of looking at me without leering."
I chuckled. "That short shirt would have made me drool a lot, believe me. Not a pretty sight."
She grinned and reached down to unbutton the top of her shorts. A V of skin showed pointing down toward her sex. I licked my lips and she pulled the zipper down a couple of inches. When she locked the zipper and moved her hand away, the top swell of her mound was visible. There wasn't a hair in sight.
"Now we're getting into drool territory," I said as I stared at the open part of the shorts.
"And if I'm not careful, I'll have a wet spot in these shorts," she said with a grin as she shifted her hips back and forth. The tight shorts never moved.
My eyes shifted up to her face and then back down to the front of the shorts. "Since you have dark hair, I assume you shaved it off?"
"It was dark enough to show a shadow through these shorts. Anyway, no hair means more shows when I do flash. I can be so forgetful about panties when I wear short skirts."
I nodded and then looked up at her face again. "Your dad seems to think you are scatter brained but I see a young woman with her own plan."
She grinned broadly. "You're smarter than I originally thought."
"Now about this fishing naked thing you like...." I said with a grin of my own.
Tina laughed and bent to un-strap her rods.
My eyes were on the curve of her ass and the way her breasts moved as she bent over. I wondered briefly what her ass would look like naked and how much of her breasts would be exposed in that cut off shirt.
"Maybe later," she whispered as she straightened up.
I sighed and shook my head as I climbed up on the front deck. "It's always later somewhere."
*****
We fished the mouth of the creek and then up into it. I divided my attention between casting and watching Tina. Where earlier her knees had remained together most of the time, now they were spread wide. The camel toe of her sex was displayed nicely and the open zipper kept getting more open all the time. A good portion of her mound was exposed.
I had changed to a plastic worm and was now feeling the lure instead of having to watch it. She had done the same. We had caught dozens of fish, including another one above six pounds. She caught that one. I had my eyes on her as she did. She used my advice from earlier about working the fish slower.
She got down on both knee when the fish gave up and she went to grab it. Her knees were spread wide and her butt up in the air. I groaned softly as I thought of her in that position naked. Then I smiled as I saw the wet spot in the cloth covering the lower part of her sex.
She lifted the bass and looked at me over her shoulder. "Nice fish and an even nicer wet spot," I told her.
She grinned as she got the hook out of the fish's mouth. "It's your fault. I keep feeling your eyes on me and it feel so good."
"What would you say if I said that was the second time I've tried to visualize you naked?"
She shivered hard and dropped the fish overboard. "You would have seen everything with me on my knees like that."
"Especially how wet you were," I said to add fuel to her fire.
She whimpered softly and bent back over. She spent a long time washing her hands before she looked around at me. "I'm even wetter now."
When I nodded and looked directly at her sex, she moaned and wiggled her hips. The wet spot didn't look any bigger right now but I figured it would be in a little bit when she stood up.
To egg her on more, I said, "If I was a few years younger, I'd gnaw a hole in those shorts right where that wet spot is."
She moaned again and flexed he hips. "You keep talking like that and I'm going to come," she whispered with a catch in her breath.
"I think that would be a wondrous sight," I whispered back.
She brought her right hand back and up to run it over her breasts. "It would be a messy sight as I tend to squirt in this position."
"How transparent do those shorts get when they are wet?"
She groaned and whispered, "Very."
"Then you know what I'm wishing for," I said with a big grin.
There was a large loud splash followed closely by a second one from up the creek. Tina jerked her hand away from her breasts and grinned in that direction. "The twins are up and about," she said as she raised her upper body and then shivered hard.
She looked at me and then ran her hand over the cloth between her thighs. "You weren't kidding about a wet spot and it's getting bigger."
"I wouldn't kid about a thing like that." I told her as she got to her feet.
She wiggled her hips from side to side and then moved to sit down. She slipped down in the chair and opened her knees wide. Most of the crouch of the shorts was transparent, the tan skin of her sex showing through nicely.
I licked my lips and she laughed. "Hold onto that thought, because such a deal I'll have for you later."
"Promises, promises," I said and licked my lips again.
Her hips gave a little jerk and she slowly closed her knees. "I'm right on the edge," she whispered and then in a normal voice she said, "Use the trolling motor and run us around the bend. There are a couple of my friends you'll enjoy meeting."
"You've already ran me around the bend," I said with a grin as I turned and put my foot on the control for the trolling motor.
As we rounded the bend there was a sharp squeal and then silence as a boathouse came into view. A moment later, a face with wet hair above and around it appeared over the paneled rail of the deck above where two boats were store.
A moment later, an identical face appeared over the same rail a few feet away. The first one grinned and waved her arm. "Hey Tina!"
"Hey guys, meet my friend and fishing buddy, Clyde," Tina said loudly.
"Why haven't you got those bodacious beautiful boobs of yours out," the second head asked.
"I've been teasing him unmercifully but I haven't really showed him much," Tina replied.
They both nodded and then the first one stood up. She was nude and on the thin side with small cone shaped breasts. The rail hid her from the hips down. She had a very dark even tan. "Hey Clyde, I'm Tinker."
The second one stood up. She was an exact copy of the first one. "I'm Bella or Bell."
"Glad to meet you both," I replied with a smile.
"Everyone says that when we're naked," Tinker said with a laugh.
"Are your parents home?" Tina asked.
"They're spending the day in the city, and said they would be back late this afternoon," Bella replied.
"More like tomorrow morning sometimes, if I know them, and I do," Tinker added.
"They do like to party," Bella said with a laugh.
"Like we don't?" Tinker asked.
"Point taken," Bella said and looked down at Tina. "I still like it better with your boobs uncovered."
Tina grinned. "Everybody does, including me," she replied as she took off her ball cap and dropped it to the deck. Then she pealed the T-shirt off over her head.
"Ya, you," Tinker said with a laugh.
I just stared at the evenly tanned breasts on Tina's chest. They weren't as big as I thought they were under the t-shirt but they were perfectly formed. Her large nipples were centered in small dark circles and looked even larger.
I licked my lips and whispered, "My... oh... my."
She grinned at me and toed off her tennis shoes. "You haven't seen anything yet," she said as she wiggled out of the shorts.
Let me say that I was impressed and speechless with her standing there naked. Let me also say my dick was standing on its tiptoes trying to peek over the waistband of my shorts. All I could do was stare and moan.
Bella giggled and said, "Another totally speechless and satisfied customer."
Tinker and Tina laughed. I did finally blink once.
The next thing I know, Tina dove off the boat and headed for the boathouse and the twins vaulted the rail and hit the water with big splashes. They came up laughing and intercepted Tina with squeals and hugs as they all went underwater.
Tina came back up a minute or so later with one of the twins wrapped around her. They were kissing passionately. The other twin came up and said, "Save me some or at least get us a room."
The kiss broke up with laughter and Tina said, "You guys already have a room and the whole danged house when your parents are gone."
"Yeah, but the top of the boathouse is the most fun," the one wrapped around Tina said.
The twin by herself looked at me. "Why are you still dressed and up there?"
"I... uh... I." I said and looked all around before I shrugged and shook my head.
"There's no one around for miles," the one holding onto Tina said. "John and Carla and their family are gone for a week visiting relatives."
"That makes for bored twins," Tina said with a grin.
"Horny twins, is more like it," The one in her arms replied and kissed her again.
My eyes were wide but my hands were on the hem of my shirt. I had it pulled up when a thought crossed my mind. I looked from one twin to the other. "Just how old are you two?" They did look young and that scared me as my mind cleared a little.
The one kissing Tina broke the kiss and said, "I'm twenty and my sister is twenty three."
"You're twins," I protested and all three of them laughed.
"We're a few months older than Tina," the one by herself said.
I looked at Tina and she nodded. "Five months to be exact."
"I guess I'll have to take your word for it," I said and pulled the t-shirt off over my head.
"Not bad for an old guy," one of the twins said as I did.
"I'm holding my opinion until I see the other half," the one wrapped around Tina replied.
"It does make a nice tent in those shorts," Tina said.
"I love camping and tents," the other twin said.
"You just love tent poles," her sister put in cattily.
"And? Like you don't?" The first twin said and laughed as her sister splashed water her way.
I toed off my tennis shoes and looked from one sister to the other. "Ok, which is which?"
"I'm Tinker," the one holding onto Tina said.
"No, I'm Tinker," the other said quickly.
I frowned and looked at Tina. She laughed and said, "The only way I can tell is to look at their butts."
When I looked confused the one holding onto Tina said, "The real Tinker has a question mark shaped scar on her left butt cheek."
"That's a lot of help," I said as I shook my head.
"We could stand on our heads," the other sister said with a grin.
"Only if someone makes it worth our while though," the one holding onto Tina added.
I chuckled and sat down in the chair. I hit the button on the trolling motor and headed the boat toward the dock along the far side of the boathouse. "That would be one way to get to the bottom of things," I said to the one treading water by herself.
She swam toward the other two young women and then turned to look back at the boat and me. "I love it when people get to my bottom."
"Don't we all," her twin said.
"Yeah, buddy," Tina added and laughed.
I slowed the boat and then stood up to tie it to the dock. With the rope secure, I slipped off my shorts quickly and dove over the side, headed for the three already in the water. I came up about where I thought they were but no one was in sight. Then I got attacked from below by a school of man-eating women. I groaned as I went under.
One of the twins had a lip lock on my dick and was trying to swallow it whole. The water was clear enough for me to see the other twin with a lip lock of another kind on Tina. I doubled over and grabbed the one sucking my dick around the waist and kicked my legs.
I surfaced with a cute little butt in my arms that didn't have a scar on it. The next thing I knew, thighs were locked around my head and a pussy was being rubbed on my face. I went under again as Bella let go of my dick and arched up to grab a gulp of air. This just pushed her sex against my mouth more firmly.
My tongue seemed to have a mind of it's own as it stabbed into her hot slippery vagina. She squirmed in my arms and wiggled as we slowly sank. A hot mouth swallowing my dick made me groan and blow bubbles. Bella wiggled again and broke away from me, headed for the surface.
I was right behind her literally as I ran face first into her butt on the way up. She rolled to the side and I looked down to see Tina grinning around my dick as she looked back at me. I broke the surface and groaned loudly.
Bella was close by and her sister was over to my right. Tina let go of my dick and surfaced right in front of me. She took a deep gasping breath and went back under to resume where she had left off with my dick. When I groaned softly, Bella laughed.
Tinker was slowly swimming our way. "We need to move this party somewhere drier before someone drowns."
"That or we need to invent nasal snorkels," her sister said and then laughed.
Tina surfaced and took a deep breath but I grabbed her before she could go back under. Holding her meant I couldn't tread water and we sank. She grinned at me and then kissed me as she wrapped her legs around my hips. Her sex was like a branding iron pressed against the bottom side of my manhood. I blew bubbles again as I tried to groan and kiss her at the same time.
We surfaced and Tina pushed away from me and swam toward the boathouse. The twins were standing on the deck inside at the top of a ladder. I started swimming in that direction. As I entered the shade of the boathouse, Tina started up the wooden ladder. Her beautiful ass swung from side to side as she climbed the rungs.
As I reached the ladder, one of the twins said, "Come on, we're going up on the sundeck."
They started up a set of steps in the corner as I climbed the ladder. Three naked young ladies on stairs is a sight to behold. Especially when they are caressing and kissing each other as they go. Tinker had her arms wrapped around Tina's neck and was kissing her as I reached the top of the stairs.
Bella mugged me from behind the solid rail by climbing me and wrapping her arms around my neck and her legs around my waist. The kiss was a barnburner and the heat from her sex against the head of my dick was almost painful. My hands were roaming freely over her back and butt. I traced a finger up and down in the cleft of her ass and she jerked as the tip brushed against her anus.
Breaking the kiss, Bella leaned back and grinned at me. "Are you playing with my ass?"
"More like teasing it," I replied.
She wiggled, which rubbed her scolding hot opening against the head of my dick. "I like teasing. I'm also a virgin but I do like things in my ass."
"Tongues, fingers, toys, dicks, just to list a few of the things," Tinker said with a laugh.
Bella looked at her sister and stuck out her tongue. "That list applies to you also."
"And to me," Tina said and then grinned at me. "But I'm not a virgin."
"Uh huh," I said and then leaned my head forward and flicked the end of my tongue against one of Bella's hard nipples. She wiggled again and whimpered softly. I flicked my tongue against the other nipple. She wiggled again and then jerked her hips back sharply. The head of my dick had spread her opening slightly as she wiggled.
"What was that all about?" Tinker asked.
Bella giggled. "I wiggled the wrong way and liked to have had a dick in me."
"Hey now, I was planning on wearing that sucker out myself," Tina said.
"It is fun to suck on," Bella whispered as she looked around at me and smiled broadly.
"A nice mouthful," Tina added.
"I'll have to give it a try," Tinker said and then giggled. "Right now it's Bella flavored if she's wet enough for that thing to almost slide in."
"He kisses good and has a nice strong tongue. What can I say," Bella whispered and then kissed me again. Her hot opening was once again pressed against the head of my dick but she didn't wiggle.
A few moments later, I heard Tinker giggle from below Bella's ass. "Yeah, you're juicy wet and that thing is at just the right angle for you to slide right down on it."
Bella groaned and broke the kiss. "I'm tempted believe me," she said and then wiggled her hips. The heat on the head of my dick went up as I felt her opening press tighter around the end of the head.
"I've got five dollars that says she'll be coming before all of the head get inside," Tina whispered.
"You've got a bet," Tinker whispered in reply.
"I can hear you," Bella said with a laugh as she lifted her hips.
A moment later, I groaned deeply as a mouth swallowed three quarters of my dick. Whoever it was, was fluttering their tongue all over the place as it went in. The tongue continued its wild movement as the mouth slowly lifted. I groaned again and flexed my hips as the mouth disappeared.
"Yeah, totally and completely Bella flavored," Tinker said and then sucked me back in. I groaned and flexed my hips slowly.
Bella laughed and kissed me. Breaking the kiss, she whispered, "She'll come if you do. We're both that way."
"Hey, now! Don't be ruining all the fun," Tina said quickly.
Tinker pulled her mouth up off my dick while holding suction on it. There was a slurping popping sound as it came out of her mouth. "I'm pretty sure between the three of us, we can blow it back up pretty quickly."
I groaned and all three of the young ladies laughed.
"That sounded like a man suddenly realizing how much trouble he's in," Bella said and then kissed me.
Just as suddenly as she had kissed me, Bella broke the kiss and climbed down off me. She swung her leg up and over Tinker's head. Tinker grabbed the leg and buried her face in her sister's sex. Bella gasped and then groaned deeply.
Tina grabbed my arm and pulled me sideways. "Best to keep out of the way when those two tangle up."
Bella got a grip on her sister's head and twisted sideways. Tinker turned her body and Bella's leg with the twist. Bella gasped and ended up on her ass on a thick pad in the center of the deck. Tinker lost her lip lock on her sister's sex but spun over and ended up sitting on Bella's face.
Tina grinned and pulled me closer as the twins ended up in a sixty-nine. My eyes were wide from the goings on and got even bigger when Tina dropped to her knees and swallowed my dick more or less whole. Her tongue was doing wonderful things as her head bobbed up and down slowly.
I groaned and put my hand on her head. "You're about to mess up your own fun," I said to her quickly. My orgasm was rising fast.
Tina lifted her mouth off my dick and grinned up at me. "We have all afternoon and I guarantee this thing will be back up shortly." Then her mouth was back on my dick and she was working me over with a vengeance.
About then, Bella arched up and yelled softly into her sister's pussy. Tinker wiggled fiercely and let out a yell of her own. I figured they were both coming. The head of my dick being jammed into Tina's throat grabbed my attention and a moment later, I was coming right along with the twins.
It took me a moment to figure out what was going on as my hips jerked and jammed my dick even deeper down Tina's throat. From the way the lower half of her body was jerking I also realized she was coming right along with me.
*****
Somehow I ended up sitting on the mat with Tina's head resting on my thigh. My soft dick was right in front of her face. She would sigh and then lick the head of my dick lightly. The twins were laid out side by side with their heads in opposite directions.
I took a deep breath and blew it out slowly. One of the twins raised her head and eyed me. "I know that feeling," she whispered and dropped her head back to the map.
Tina chuckled and looked up at me. "I've never done that before."
"What's that?" I asked with a confused look on my face.
"Coming when the guy comes," Tina said softly.
Both twins rose up on their elbows and looked at Tina with grins. "We have in the past with John," one said and the other nodded.
"But we really, really had to be into it," the other said a moment later.
"I was into it, believe me," Tina replied as she looked up at my face.
I chuckled and winked at her. "The head of my dick half way down your throat didn't have anything to do with it."
Tina groaned as her eyes slowly closed. The twins giggled and Tina opened her eyes. "It had everything to do with it," she confessed.
"I want to try that," one of the twins said quickly.
"Hey, me too," the other added quickly.
Tina laughed and looked up at me. "You're in for it now. One twin is bad enough but two of them is deadly."
I looked from one young woman to the other several times. Looking at Tina, I asked, "Do you think I can outrun them?"
"Not a chance in hell," Tina replied with a laugh.
I looked at the twins and sighed deeply. "Can the condemned man have a beer first?"
One twin looked at the other and asked, "Do we have any beer?"
"That was one of the reasons mom and dad went to town," the second one replied.
"There is beer in the ice chest in my boat," I said.
"He's still thinking about escape," one twin said.
"Yeah, I know so you'll go get the beer," the other said.
The second twin cocked her head to the side and then eyed my dick. "That'll leave you alone with the dick."
Tina laughed. "What am I, chopped liver?"
"Oh yeah," the second twin whispered as she stood up. She turned toward the rail and I saw a question mark shaped scar on her ass. At the rail, she paused and looked at her sister. "I'll be right back," Tinker whispered before she vaulted the rail and disappeared.
Bella grinned and then looked at Tina. "Now that she's gone...."
Tina chuckled. "When Tinker gets back and he finishes his beer and not before."
Bella pouted and leaned back on her hands. "I can wait.... Maybe."
I looked at Tina and sighed. "Now I know what a T-bone steak feels like as it's being carried to the table."
Tina chuckled and nodded, her gaze going to my semi hard dick. She moved her head closer and tickled the head with her tongue. My dick twitched and she chuckled again. "Someone doesn't seem to mind the thought of being eaten."
"Hey, that's a good idea," Bella said. "You sit on his face while we fight, I mean try that thing out."
"No fighting," Tina said. "You guys draw straws or something and play nice."
Bella pouted again but then grinned as Tinker rounded the end of the steps with four beers in her hands. "Oh yeah, refreshments for all."
I looked around at Tinker. "I'm the only one old enough...." I started to say and then sighed. I had been having sex with three younger women and now I was worried about the drinking age. Duh!
"It's ok, our mom and dad know we drink some around here," Bella said as her sister handed her a beer.
I shrugged. "I ain't said a word."
Tina laughed. "My dad wouldn't say much about a beer but a dick down my throat.... That might get someone shot and I don't mean me."
I took the offered beer from Tinker. "Good point and one I had already considered," I said passing the last beer to Tina.
Tinker sat down cross-legged near her sister's head. Bella leaned over and kissed her sister on the top of her thigh before she sat up. As she scooted closer to Tinker she took a sip of her beer. Tinker looked at me and grinned. "Nice boat."
"It runs faster than you might think," Tina said.
"Maybe we should all take a ride later," Bella put in.
Tinker looked over at Tina. "We've all never been boat riding naked together before."
"Why not? There are two nice looking boats down below?" I asked.
"Dad hit a stump with the speedboat and won't let us use the pontoon boat alone," Bella replied. "I think that stump scared him."
"Not to mention breaking the lower unit on the motor, which he hasn't had fixed yet," Tinker added.
"Lower units can be expensive," I pointed out.
Tinker shook her head. "It not the money. If it's broke, no one can use it. He worries that one of us will get hurt."
"Dad's are like that," I said.
Both twins nodded and then Bella said, "Yeah, we understand that but sometimes we're more responsible than our parents."
"They drink way too much among other things," Tinker added.
Tina chuckled. "It's the other things that get me in trouble."
"Them too," Bella whispered with a frown.
"Uh, I was talking about my flashing and having sex with my friends," Tina said with confusion in her voice.
"So was I," Bella said and then shook her head. "We think our parents are swingers."
"What?" Tina said sharply.
"They come home smelling like sex," Tinker said. "And I don't mean like they do when they have sex here. It's a different smell."
"Maybe they eat different when they are in town," I offered.
"It wouldn't have time to make a difference," Bella said.
"Diet does take time," Tina said thoughtfully.
"Anyway, we found a movie hidden on dad's laptop a while back," Tinker said.
"A home movie," Bella added.
Tina gave the twins a confused look. "A movie made here at home or a movie they made somewhere else?"
"I'd say a motel or hotel room in town, "Bella said.
"With four people we had never seen before." Tinker added.
"Four people?" Tina said with her eyes wide.
"Uh, two couples or, uh...." I let the sentence die.
Tinker gave me a sharp look as Bella said, "Two couples."
Tina looked at me funny and then groaned softly as she figure out the rest of what I was going to ask. "You're kinky," she whispered a moment later.
"Just more experienced," I told her.
"We, uh, got more experienced watching that movie," Bella whispered.
"Ain't that the truth," Tinker said.
Tina looked from one twin to the other and asked, "Like how? You guys pretty much do everything in the world now but have straight sex."
"Seeing your parents doing stuff is different," I put in.
"Ain't that the truth," Tinker said again and Bella nodded.
Tina shivered. "I know my parents had sex because there is me and my sisters."
"Had?" I asked before I could stop myself.
"They divorced when my youngest sister was seven. Nancy is my stepmother."
"Ah," I said as I acquired new information.
"She's pretty cool," Tina said.
Bella giggled and Tina gave her a sharp look and a frown. Tinker giggled and whispered, "She eats good pussy."
When my eyebrows went up suddenly, Tina groaned and whispered, "I made the mistake of bringing her along when I came to visit the twins once."
"That should have put your relationship on a new plane," I said with a grin.
"It does make for interesting times when dad is gone on long trips," Tina confessed.
The twins giggled and Bella said, "And you haven't invited us over?"
Tina looked at the twins and grinned. "I know you kept a copy of that movie, so I'll make a deal with you. I get a copy and you get invited over the next time dad goes out of town."
Tinker groaned and shivered. "She does have a deliciously long tongue."
"So does mother," Bella said and then groaned. "From the movie guys, from the movie."
Tina chuckled. "Too bad your dad never goes out of town."
Tinker shivered hard and whimpered. "Your stepmother, our mother, and the three of us in a bed. Someone would die."
"Orgasms don't kill," I said and then regretted it as three young women gave me wicked leering grins. "On second thought...." I started to say but was cut off by the three of them laughing.
"Tina sitting on your face," Tinker said with a grin.
"One of us sucking his dick," Bella whispered.
"And the other one?" Tina asked.
Bella groaned softly. "I've always wanted to try licking a guys asshole."
Tinker looked at her sister wide eyed. "I thought I was the kinky one."
"Yeah, but that was Tina's asshole," Bella whispered.
Tina shivered and sighed. "Two tongues, no waiting."
"Two mouths, no waiting either," I said in a whisper as I looked from one twin to the other.
With a leering grin, Tinker said, "So drink up."
Tina looked at my dick, which was almost completely hard. "Maybe I should Tina flavor it before they take the stuffing out of it completely."
"Who says you wouldn't take the stuffing out of it completely?" I asked Tina quickly.
She laughed and looked at the twins. "I'm pretty sure they could blow it back up in record time."
When I groaned, the twins giggled and clinked beer bottles. "To new world records," Tinker said with a laugh.
*****
I finished the last of my beer and sat the bottle aside. "Is there any chance of me getting more insurance first?"
"There he goes trying to escape his fate," Bella said looking from me to her sister and back again.
Tina grinned and sat up. She sat her empty beer bottle aside and pushed me backwards until I was laying flat on my back. She swung her leg across my hips and sat down on my shaft. She rocked her hips back and forth several times and groaned softly.
Bella groaned and looked at her sister. "Do you want to sit on his face or lick Tina's sweet little asshole?"
Tinker groaned softly. "He'll be Tina flavored to his balls."
Tina was still rocking her hips back and forth. He sex was sliding along my shaft with ease. "He's already pretty Tina flavored from the head to the base."
"I want to try out his tongue in a place I won't drown," Bella said quickly.
Tinker groaned. "I guess its asshole for me."
About then, Tina stopped moving and came up on her knees. She lifted my dick up until it stood straight up. She looked down between her spread thighs and whispered, "This is going to hurt so good."
Bella appeared in my line of vision and then she was sitting on my face. My tongue automatically stabbed as deep as it would go into her sopping wet sex. She groaned loudly and then I did the same as a hot tight sex started to slowly settle onto my dick.
I had a tight grip on Bella's thighs as I tongued her sex for all I was worth. I was enjoying the hell out of the tight pussy gripping my dick but I was trying hard to hold back my orgasm. Bella wiggling on my face helped a lot with that.
Tina's hips finally settled on my hips after she had to lift her hips several times. She was groaning and whimpering the whole time. She sat still for a minute or so and then said, "This is the fullest I've ever been, believe me."
Bella let out a sharp yell and rocked her hips back and forth on my tongue. A moment later, she rolled sideways with a long drawn out groaning moan.
Tina laughed and then groaned softly as the laugh made her move on my dick. She took a deep breath and shivered. She let the breath out slowly as she looked at Bella. "One down and one to go," she whispered looking down at me.
"I can hear you," Tinker said from behind Tina.
Tina chuckled and replied, "Come sit on his face, I'm thinking you might like it as much as your sister."
Tinker appeared over my head and looked down at me. She looked at her sister sprawled out on the mat and then looked at Tina. "You, uh, might have a good point there."
Tina bounced up and down slowly a couple of times and groaned deeply. "It's not all that pointy but it sure is thick."
Tinker giggled. "I was talking about sitting on his face."
Tina bounced a couple more time and groaned again. "So was I."
"When my tongue first zeroed in on Tinker's pussy, she gasped loudly. After that, she was rocking her hips and moaning loudly. Tina lifted her hips several inches and dropped the back to sit on my hips. Now both of us were groaning right along with Tinker.
After that, Tina was fucking herself on my dick like there was no tomorrow. Somewhere along the line, Tinker fell sideways to join her sister. A little later, there was a hot flood over the head of my dick the moved halfway down the shaft. Tina was yelling louder than either twin had earlier.
She ended up laying flat on top of me. She was breathing heavily and her eyes were tightly shut. I was grinning like a crazy man.
*****
Tina Groaned softly as her eyes fluttered open. "Am, am I still alive?" She asked in a whisper a moment later.
"You have a death grip on my dick that's threatening to crush me. Does that mean anything?" I asked with the grin still on my face.
There was a murmur from my left and I looked that way to see the twins cuddled up with each other. Tina made a soft giggling sound as she turned her head and looked at the same thing I was. "That doesn't happen very often."
"I don't think you mean them sleeping together," I said as I looked at Tina.
She groaned softly as she sat up. Her eyes grew wide as she felt my hard dick move inside her vagina. "You're still hard?" She asked in disbelief. When I grinned and nodded, she groaned again. "Getting on that thing was all pleasure but I'm not used to getting off one still inflated."
"I could roll us over and see if I can work the stuffing out of it."
Tina's eyes grew wide as she held up her hands and used two fingers to make the sign of a cross. "In which case, you'd have to carry my naked body home and explain to my stepmother how I died."
"That might be a big problem," I said quickly.
Tina rocked her hips back and forth slowly and groaned deeply. "My stepmother likes big problems or so she said."
"Uh..." was my witty reply.
With a giggle, Tina whispered, "She didn't marry my dad for his dick size."
When I raised my eyebrows questioningly, she giggled again. "I came home from school unexpectedly one afternoon. They were making love out by the pool. You have him beat, two to one."
"Uh, your dad is a good friend of mine," I said quickly.
"Then don't take me home naked and dead," she said with a grin.
"Uh, yeah," I replied and then added, "I guess you'll have to get of me the best you can."
She groaned and whispered, "Getting off is the operable words there."
Whatever I might have said was cut off by a long deep groan from me as she lifted her hips suddenly until I came free of her sex. She had taken a deep gasping breath as she lifted her hips and then moaned deeply as her hips flexed up and down quickly.
When I asked, "Did you or didn't you?" She groaned loudly and collapsed on my chest again.
A minute or so later, she shivered and took a deep breath. She let it out slowly and said, "No, but it was damned close."
She lay on my chest for a long time and then sighed as she slowly sat up. She wiggled her hips from side to side and then moved them back and forth along my shaft. With a soft whimpering sound, she stopped moving her hips and sighed deeply. She looked over at the twins and smiled. "I think I need to get them inside and into bed before they burn to a crisp."
"You're going to need some help," I said as I looked at the twins.
"They don't usually go down for the count like this," she said and then looked at me with a lopsided grin. "Maybe I need to check that tongue out myself."
"Uh, what about the naked dead body?"
With a grin, she replied, "I didn't mean today."
"Ah, then I will see you again."
With a giggle she whispered, "You will see me again or I'll hunt you down and hurt you. Anyway, I'm going to need an instructor if I'm going to fish tournaments."
"We could fish two man, uh, two person tournaments to start with."
She grinned at me and nodded her head. "On the road together, eating in caf's, sleeping in motels, all that driving. That works for me."
"Uh, don't forget the fishing."
She rocked her hips and grinned. "I've got the best pole right here."
*****
With the twins tucked in safely, we climbed in my boat and took a ride around the lake naked. We didn't fish anymore but we did stop and take a swim but before we did, Tina took her time taking the stuffing out of me one more time. I think she came at least twice before I did. Not to mention the rather large orgasm she had when I did come.
The swim revived her so I didn't have to carry her home naked.