TORI
I woke up feeling like a child on Christmas morning.I was so excited to spend some alone time with my son. I still can't believe that Cody said he was in love with me. The intensity of my emotions and desires just went through the roof. My pussy was already starting to dampen just thinking about making passionate love with Cody. I closed my eyes hoping that this wasn't a dream but I knew it wasn't. I am in love with my son and I don't care about anything else.
I got up hoping that Jim was still going to work. I didn't want him hanging around while I'm getting ready. I put my bathrobe on and went to make a cup of coffee and much to my surprise Jim was sitting at the kitchen table having a cup of coffee himself. I said, "Good morning Jim. How are you feeling?"
He looked up and said, "I feel fine. Why are you asking me that?" I shook my head as I walked past him and said, "Only because last night you looked like you overdid it at the club. You were definitely not feeling any pain."
He grunted, "I was fine last night and I'm fine now." I ignored him as I waited for my coffee to brew. He stood up to leave and said, "What's going on with you and Cody?"
My heart sank wondering how could he know. Did he hear us last night? Shit! I nonchalantly said, "What are you talking about now?"
"Well the other night he was helping you in the kitchen, last night you were watching a movie together, and now you're heading to Miami Beach. You guys seem pretty chummy lately."
I started to get pissed but I remained calm. I said, "He is probably hanging out with me because you've been such a jerk to him. Remember you did kick him out of the house or did you conveniently forget that?"
He left without another word. Whew that was close. I'm sure he doesn't suspect anything but it sure was a strange question to ask me.
I took my coffee to my bedroom and began to get ready. I showered and got dressed. I put on a pair of white shorts with a tight black tee. I took a look at myself in the mirror and liked what I saw. The shorts were a little on the short side showing a lot of my tan legs. Even though I was wearing a bra I could see my breasts clearly defined in the tight top. I started to pack my bag with some of the clothes we bought Sunday as well as some casual wear. I also made sure to pack my little string bikinis along with some dressy shoes. When I finished I went in the kitchen and saw Cody.
He looked at me with his blue eyes and a big smile on his face. My heart melted. He whispered, "Is dad gone?" I nodded yes and watched as he strode towards me. My body was tingling in anticipation as he wrapped his arms around me before devouring me with a wonderfully forceful passionate kiss. I moaned into his arms as our tongues swirled lustfully inside our mouths.
He broke off our kiss and softly said, "Oh mom I'm so in love with you. I know it's wrong. Please forgive me. I shouldn't have allowed myself to go there. At first I was happy with the physical nature of our relationship but I soon realized that wasn't enough for me mom. I need you! I want you! I love you mom."
My hand caressed his face as a tear formed in my eye. I said, "Cody you don't need my forgiveness baby. I fell in love with you as well. You make me feel so special Cody. I need you too. It's all good baby."
Cody noticed the tear and gently wiped it off with his finger. "Mom don't cry. Everything will work out." I buried my head into his chest and whimpered, "I'm crying because I'm so happy Cody. I have forgotten what it's like to be happy. To be loved. You're the reason for all my emotions. I love you Cody."
We stood in each other's arms for what seemed like an eternity. Neither one of us wanting to let go of the other, perfectly content in this memorable moment. My insides were exploding with bolts of immense pleasure. I know now that our love will withstand anything. The taboo nature of our love no longer seems taboo to me. I'm in love with Cody and that was all that matters.
I finally said, "Maybe we should get on the road. It's a two hour drive and the sooner we get there the quicker we can enjoy our getaway."
He smiled and asked, "Are you packed?" I nodded yes and he said, "I hope you packed outfits like the one you're wearing right now because you look so hot mom."
I smiled and gave a slow lingering kiss before saying, "I love you." He squeezed my butt and said, "I love you too. Let's get going I can't wait to get there."
CODY
I can't believe all the feelings I'm experiencing right now. I thought for sure that mom would freak out if I told her I had fallen in love with her but instead it was like a dream come true for me. She is in love with me as well. After all the years of looking for a meaningful relationship I end up finding it in mom. I mean, I know this is weird but I can't help myself. She is such a kind and caring person. She is funny and intelligent. She is absolutely gorgeous and she has this insatiable sex drive.
On the drive to Miami Beach I asked, "So mom I know we haven't had a chance to let the intensity of our new found feelings set in but what are we going to do about dad?"
She groaned, "I don't know Cody. I don't know. What I do know is that I'm not letting anything get in the way of our love. You are all I want."
I smiled at her determination but I suspected that we were going to be facing some difficult decisions in the weeks to come. I decided that we needed more time to process our relationship before tackling the difficult decisions that lie ahead.
We arrived at the hotel and I was blown away by how nice it was. We valet parked the car and proceeded to check in. Even though it was only noon our room was available and we were able to get settled in before heading out to the pool and beach area.
It was interesting to see the smile on the hotel clerk as she realized we were staying in a room with just a king size bed. I gave her a knowing smile as we went to our room. Inside we saw a beautiful view of the Atlantic Ocean. Our room also had private balcony. We were only on the third floor but we were still high enough to see the beach area as well.
I quickly jumped into my swim trunks, tee, and flip flops. Mom was more deliberate in her approach but when she came out of the bathroom my mouth dropped wide open. She looked amazing. She had on a black mesh coverup over the little string bikini she wore the other day. She had her hair pulled back in a bun and was wearing a pair of platform sandals. She must have been pleased with my reaction because she said, "Cody you can make me feel incredible without saying a word. I take it you approve?"
I went to her and smothered her lips with mine as I let my hands roam all over her exquisite body. She moaned into my mouth as our bodies melded into one. My mouth found her ear where I moaned, "Mom you are so fucking sexy. You look amazing."
Mom pulled my crotch into her and moaned, "Cody you say and do the most amazing things that make me feel so beautiful. I love you baby. I love you so much. Let's go get something to eat before going to the pool or would you rather go to the beach?"
I kissed her neck and said, "Let's decide later. I saw there's a beachside restaurant called La Cote. Let's eat there."
We walked hand in hand. I had to admit that I was now viewing mom as my girlfriend and it felt great.
We ate and talked. Admiring the beauty of this property I was just blown away regarding the attention to detail as well as the service. It definitely was not something I've ever been exposed to although mom seemed to fit right in with the luxurious atmosphere. After lunch we decided to just hang out by the pool as it was already 2:00.
We found an attendant who led us to a chaise called a Tiki Chair. It was a round bed for the lack of a better term. The attendant said, "Normally this goes for $275 but being that's it's late consider this a comp. I saw mom quickly reach into her purse and hand him a $50 tip. I smirked to myself at the irony of another chaise lounge costing dad $50.
We ordered some frozen piña coladas and laid back on our Tiki chair. She smiled and snuggled up close to me. I was in public with mom in a skimpy bikini lying seductively close to me. I closed my eyes and savored the wonderful feelings I was having. We laid in the sun for a little bit before we both realized it was pretty hot outside.
We went into the pool to cool off. I pulled mom into me and kissed her softly. We tried to be discrete but it was difficult. I whispered in her ear, "Why don't we go to our room and get some rest?" Mom reached up to my ear and seductively said, "Okay but judging by what's poking me in my crotch I don't think you're looking to rest."
I smiled and said, "You're right mom. You look so damn hot and sexy I'm ready to rip your bikini off right now."
She giggled and said, "Let's dry off in the sun and then head up. It shouldn't take long to dry off in this heat."
We walked into our room and I promptly pulled her mesh coverup off. Leading her onto the bed we knelt facing each other before I kissed her. My arms wrapped around her as we kissed pulling her onto me so that she was straddling my thighs. My hands cupped her butt as she moaned softly, her hands caressing my hair as our kisses escalated in passion and desire.
Her body felt so soft and sexy as my hands roamed up and down her back. I was in no hurry as today I was feeling different sensations run through me. I'm in love with this beautiful sexy lady and I wanted to enjoy the moment. I dropped my mouth to her neck as mom moaned, "Oh Cody I love you so much." I reached up and kissed her like a man does to the woman he loves.
I moaned, "You feel so wonderful in my arms. It's where you belong mommy." We looked at each other and smiled knowingly before returning to our loving tender kisses. I was feeling so much love from mom. Her kisses were gentle but electric, her body was soft but hot. I was going to make love to my mom and it felt incredible.
TORI
Cody gently pushed me onto my back as he laid between my legs still smothering me with his soft erotic kisses. His slight moans made me more aroused as I lost myself in the moment. His hand lovingly cradled the back of my neck as he caressed my mouth with his kisses.
Everything felt like it was happening in slow motion but the intensity and range of emotions that I was feeling were deliciously decadent. I didn't want this moment to end. It was such an erotic sensual experience knowing that my son was going to make love to me. I could feel the difference. This was no longer about sex this was pure love.
His hand pushed the top off one of my breasts. His touch was immediate and exhilarating as my nipple harden in his hand. He brought his lips down onto my breast and lovingly sucked it into his mouth. I gasped, "Hmmmmmm." Kissing me again he toyed with my breast, circling it with his finger, pinching it, pulling it, flicking it until I was out of my mind with desire.
He pulled my top off and was now kissing one tit while caressing the other. I arched my back to meet his mouth as I ran my hands up and down his strong arms. He squeezed my breast and sucked my nipple in to his mouth sending little wisps of pleasure straight to my pussy. He came back up and continued kissing my lips as my hands felt the power of his body on mine.
His mouth went to my neck as he nibbled on me while toying with both my tits. I groaned with desire, "Oh yes baby. You make me feel so good."
He moved off me and laid on his side next to me. My arm reached around his neck pulling his mouth onto mine as we made out while his hand caressed my nearest breast. Still kissing me he slid his hand down past my stomach towards my pussy. My hips began to rock in anticipation as his fingers slowly teased their way inside my bikini before coming back up to my breast.
I groaned, "Hmmmm feels so good." He slid his arm around my neck so that head was resting on his bicep as we kissed, his hand reaching around my chest and cupping my tit. His hand scratching up and down my chest finally found its way to untie my bikini bottom. Undoing it he quickly removed my bottom and found my soaking wet pussy.
I kissed him hard as I was going to cum quickly. His fingers teased my pussy while he bent down and kissed my tit. I held onto him hoping that he wouldn't tease me too much longer. I've become such a slut for his touch. I felt one finger then two slide easily inside my pussy. I moaned, "Oh yes Cody I'm so close. Make me cum baby."
His thumb found my clit as his fingers furiously drilled in and out of me. I pulled his mouth onto my lips devouring it with an unbridled passion as I knew it would be only moments before my body exploded. I felt my leg start to spasm as I groaned, "Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Yes. Yes. Don't stop baby. Yes. I'm Cumming!"
My body stiffened and then exploded with a powerful orgasm. My body shook as I tried to endure the intensity of the tremors ripping through my insides. Oh my god this was amazing. My head rolled off Cody's mouth and flopped on his arm. At last I felt the orgasm begin to subside. I looked at Cody and smiled at him saying, "That was a wonderful orgasm lover. Thank you baby."
Cody didn't waste time taking his trunks off and rolling me onto my side. He nestled in behind me as I felt his cock poking at my entrance. His arm went behind my head once again landing on my tit. He slowly pushed into me filling me with his manhood. I leaned my head back and kissed him as he slowly started to piston his cock in and out of my pussy. He hooked my leg with his free arm and pulled it up onto my chest allowing his cock to drive deeper into my pussy as the pleasure from his fullness began to boil within me. My hand held his mouth onto mine as he pounded me over and over.
I moaned, "Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh my god." He pulled my head up so that we could look into each other's eyes. He held my head still as his cock ravaged my pussy. I moaned, "Oh my god you're going to make me cum again lover." Hearing my moan. He leaned in kissed me before pulling my head back. Our free hands held onto each other as he kept up his furious pace.
He let go of my hair and grabbed my hand. We were now holding hands as he made love to me. My mouth found his as we kissed deeply. The love and warmth I was feeling are indescribable. We kissed passionately as I felt my body start to erupt again. I screamed, "Oh my god I'm cumming. Oh oh oh. Oh. Oh. Oh oh oh oh. Yes."
Wave after wave of pleasure rolled through me as I devoured my lovers mouth. I was cumming on his cock squeezing it with my pussy as my body convulsed from the tremors coursing through it. He whispered, "I love you." as my body continued to be ravaged by the intensity of my orgasm.
Once I had calmed down he rolled on top of me and started to pump his cock in and out of my pussy. I groaned, "Cum for me baby. I want to feel my lovers cum inside me. Cum baby." He pushed both my legs onto my chest and started to furiously drive his cock into me. It didn't take long as I felt his cock twitch inside my pussy. I groaned, "Oh yes baby cum inside mommy. Cum for me."
I could feel his cock grow as his pace increased then I felt the first stream coat the insides of my pussy. He groaned, "Oh yes mommy I'm cumming so good. Yes. Yes. Oh my god."
His cum kept blasting inside me as I held him close. It felt so wonderful to be loved. He rolled off me and we laid together on our sides face to face in our arms. None of us in any hurry to end this moment. I caressed the side of his face and whispered, "That was amazing. I love you so much."
He kissed me softly and said, "I love you too. You're amazing mom." We snuggled in our arms savoring our mutual love. I was perfectly content to be held in his arms and Cody didn't seem to be in any hurry either.
We must have been so comfortable that we fell asleep for a little bit. I opened my eyes and saw Cody next to me sound asleep. God I just want to wake him up and fuck his eyes out. I can't get enough of him. I saw that it was 6:00 so I got up and went to take a shower. I figured we would just hang around the hotel this evening. I called the concierge and got us a dinner reservation at the their steakhouse restaurant for 8:00. That should give us plenty of time to get ready.
I came out of the bathroom to find Cody sitting on the bed naked sipping on a glass of champagne. I asked, "Where's mine?" He smiled and pointed to the dresser where there was an open bottle on ice with a glass already poured waiting for me. I sauntered to the champagne in my short little robe making sure he saw as many of my curves as possible.
He walked over to me and clinked our flutes in a toast, "To us having an unforgettable weekend in Miami Beach." I reached up to him and kissed him softly knowing that this weekend was indeed going to be unforgettable. I said, "I made dinner reservations at the steakhouse restaurant in the hotel for 8:00. Maybe afterwards we can enjoy some drinks at the lobby bar. Does that sound okay?"
"Mom as long as you are with me it doesn't matter what we do." My heart raced knowing that he really meant those words. I pressed into him and said, "You make me feel so beautiful and desired. I can't get enough you Cody. I love you baby."
It was all I could do not to grab his magnificent cock and stroke it so that I could feel it's power surge in my hands. I said, "Go take a shower while I get dressed out here. I have something really sexy that I'm going to wear for you tonight."
CODY
I walked out of the bathroom and saw mom standing in front of the mirror. She looked incredible. She was wearing the hottest dress I had ever seen. I said, "Wow mom. You look so fucking hot!" She turned for me like a model, proudly showing me all parts of her hot body.
The dress material was black and it hugged every mound and curve of her body. The dress wrapped around the back of her neck exposing the soft curves of her shoulders. The front plunged low to just below the sternum, displaying both the inner and outer curves of each breast. The back? Well let's just say there was no back as it dropped to just barely above the crack of her sweet little round ass. It was so short that it barely covered her pussy. She had on pair of black stiletto heels.
I approached and pulled her into my arms. She smiled as she palmed my growing hard-on through my towel and said, "So I take it you like my outfit?" stroking my cock with her palm.
"Mom you are a ten. You look absolutely stunning." as I explored her mouth with my lust filled tongue. A soft moan escaped from her lips as my hands gently massaged her supple ass through the sheer silk dress material.
Mom broke off the embrace and asked, "Cody even though I'm in love with you I really enjoyed being your hot little slut last weekend. Is it okay if I continue to be your hot little slut from time to time?"
I smiled and held her close to me. "I love my hot little slut. Let me get ready and we can head out."
We ate, drank and talked as I watched men lust at my mom from their tables. Mom looked incredible, her face flushed with sexual heat and anticipation. She was constantly rubbing my cock through out dinner.
After dinner we went to the lobby bar called Blu and found a table off to the side. We ordered a couple of glasses of Prosecco and watched the bar scene. The place oozed with sex, seduction, and passion. Tables were filled with gorgeous men and women wantonly lusting at each other.
My arm wandered and caressed mom's naked back, the softness of her skin feeling so erotic. She found my ear and pressed into me, "Oh baby your hand feel so nice. You're making me so wet and horny."
My hand slid sensuously down her back until I felt the upper curves of her ass. I inched my hand inside her dress and began to squeeze her cheeks as I held her close to me. She took the back of my head and pulled me to her waiting lips and explored my mouth with her sensuous tongue.
I grabbed and squeezed her ass and whispered, "Everyone is watching us baby. Everyone knows that I've got your ass in my hand."
She let out a low sultry whimper, "Oh baby I'm such a slut. I can't wait 'til you make me cum."
I moved my free hand to her side and slowly and teasingly caressed the side of her breast. I slid my finger inside the dress and found her erect nipple. I rubbed and flicked her rock hard nipple as we sat and watched the bar scene.
"Mom I think some of these guys are watching us real close. I think they want to see your tit. They know I'm feeling you up."
Mom mewed, "Oh god yes, I'm so horny, I need you to fuck me baby, make me cum baby. I'm so turned on. Let's take our drinks and go up to our room."
I flicked her nipple really fast causing her to moan excitedly in my ear, "Oh yes baby. That feels so good."
My hand left her breast and snaked down to the hem inching inside to find her swollen wet clit eagerly awaiting my arrival. I flicked it once causing her to groan. I noticed that some of the guys were still watching us.
I began to slowly slide my finger through her wet panties whispering to her, "Oh baby everybody is watching you. They want to see you cum baby. Do you want to cum for them mommy?"
She buried her face in my neck to drown out her heated moans gripping the back of my shirt with a savage ferocity as I continued my slow pussy massage. I could feel her body preparing for a monstrous orgasm when I teasingly removed my hand. She let out a low moan. She was ready to cum, her heated gasp left no doubt about that. She cried, "No baby I'm almost there. Don't stop. Make me cum. Please baby. Make your hot little slut cum."
"Mom look around, everyone is watching you. Does that turn you on baby?" My mouth found hers as my finger started to flick her clit, I whispered, "Cum for them baby. Everyone is watching us. Open your eyes and look. You are such a hot little slut. Cum for them now mommy."
She groaned, "Oh yes I'm cumming." Her legs spasmed under the table as the tremors pulsated through her body. I held her as she convulsed and spasmed in my arms. She kept cumming, moaning and groaning, hips bucking as she rode the pleasurable sensations ripping through her insides, my finger never leaving her clit.
Finally after her orgasm had subsided she reached up to the side of my face and said, "I love you so much. That was incredible. You had me so turned on. Can we go back to our room. I really need to make love to you Cody." Her lips found mine for a long passionate kiss.
Mom left for the Ladies room oblivious to all the lust filled looks she was getting as she confidently strode out of the bar while I settled up our tab.
We walked into our room and mom was all over me. Her mouth was devouring me with passionate kisses while her hand was feverishly working on undoing my belt. I had not seen her so worked up like this. I grabbed her hair and pulled her mouth off mine.
Looking into her eyes I said, "You do like being my hot little slut but first things first. I need you to give me one of your spectacular blow jobs. You look so fucking hot I'm ready to blow my load."
I led her over to our bed and sat her down. Standing in front of her she greedily undid my belt and pulled my pants down releasing my hard cock in the process.
Mom wrapped her tiny hand around it and stroked it as her tongue swirled around my cock. She groaned, "Your cock is so gorgeous. So big, so hard, so beautiful! I love your cock baby."
Her lips engulfed the head as the tongue continued to swirl around the edges. Slowly she pushed more of my cock into her hot wet mouth, grunting as my cock started to penetrate her mouth deeper and deeper. Her mouth bobbed up and down on my hard cock as mom caressed my balls with one hand, stroking my cock with the other. I was in ecstasy as my lover was bringing me to a quick climax.
I groaned, "Mom I'm getting real close. Don't stop baby. Make me cum baby."
Mom sped up her stroking of my cock and moaned, "Cum for me baby. Give mommy all your cum." Her mouth hovering over my cock, her tongue licking the underside of my head, her hand frantically pumping my cock; I exploded into her mouth. "Oh my god. I'm Cumming. Oh. Oh yes. Oh yesssssssss."
I shot streams of my sperm into her mouth. My hips bucked into her mouth as she clamped her lips on my cock trying to take all of my cum. I ran my hands through her hair as I pumped her mouth, savoring the intensity of my orgasm. Finally I let go and stopped humping her mouth. Incredible! Looking down I saw mom licking and kissing my cock. She had swallowed most of my cum and was enjoying the semi hard feeling of my cock as it softened in her mouth.
I pulled her up into my arms and gave her the most loving and sensual kiss that I could muster. We kissed softly and without restraint. Our hands held each other close as our bodies melted into one. Our kiss quickly escalated as our tongues began to dart and probe into our mouths. I held her soft yet firm ass close to me. Savoring the heat emanating between us I slowly took mom's breast and palmed it. She moaned as my fingers gripped her nipple.
I said, "Let's go on the balcony. The night is beautiful and I want to make love to you while hearing the waves crashing on shore." Mom didn't care at this point. She just wanted me to shove my cock inside her. I on the other hand was becoming very intrigued in exploring mom's exhibitionist tendencies. She got pretty worked up in the bar knowing people were watching her. Maybe that's why she was so worked up when he got back to our room.
I led her outside and soon realized that there were still a lot of people out and about. I sat down in one of the chairs pulled my pants completely off and asked, "Mom take off your wet panties and give them to me." Mom looked at me hesitantly and then reached under her dress and pulled them off. Handing them to me I was shock to feel how wet they were. I put them in my mouth and sucked on them.
I pulled mom onto my lap and kissed her forcefully as I grew excited at her sexuality. I cupped her tit with my palm through her dress. She moaned excitedly in my ear, "Oh yes baby. Squeeze my tit. It feels so good." I moved down to her tit and sucked on it through her dress. Swirling my tongue around her erect nipple my hand traveled to her wet pussy and stroked her outer lips before pushing into her.
Mom was moaning passionately as I sucked on her swollen nipple while fingering her pussy. I pushed her off me and stood up as I walked her over to the edge of the balcony. Backing her onto the balcony railing I grabbed her ass while I sucked on her tit through her wet dress.
Mom had both her arm around my neck as she relished the erotic sensations from my tit attack. She asked, "When are you going to fuck your hot little slut?" She didn't wait for an answer instead pulling my head off her breast and hungrily attacking my mouth. My god she is out of control. I spun her around so that she was facing out to the people below.
Bending her slightly I positioned my now hard cock at her entrance and reached around to cup her tits through her dress. Mom groaned loud enough that I saw several people look up at us. I pawed her luscious tits and held her close, my tongue licking her ear.
Mom groaned, her pussy quivering as she pushed her ass back onto my cock. I leaned into her ear and whispered, "Do you want me to show everyone down below your tits? I bet your pussy is getting really hot thinking about that?"
She let out a low sultry moan her arm reaching back to cradle my head. I pulled back on her dress and exposed both tits. I squeezed them, pinched and massaged them. Mom had her eyes closed and was moaning incessantly as I continued, "Mom everyone is looking up at your beautiful tits, play with your tits for everyone to see."
Mom was so turned on, her hands immediately shot up to her tits as my mouth found hers. My hand found her clit just as I started to push into her wet pussy from behind. I whispered, "Cum for them baby. Everyone is watching you. Cum for them now mommy."
Mom groaned, "Oh yes fuck me hard. I'm going to cum baby." I grabbed her hips and started to piston my cock deep into her pussy. Mom let go of her tits and grabbed the rails for support as she moaned, "Oh my god. Oh. Oh. Yes don't stop baby. Make me cum I'm so close."
I was filled with an unbridled lust as I watched others below congregate to see my mom getting fucked. Mom was oblivious to it all, her eyes closed, her head bobbing, her moans becoming louder and louder. I quickened my pace as I could sense we were both nearing staggering climaxes.
Mom grunted one last time, "Oh yes baby. I'm Cumming. Don't stop! Mommy is cumming. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Yes. Yes. Yes. Aaaargh!"
Her legs buckled as tremors unlike any she had known pulsated through her body. I held her up as she convulsed and spasmed in my arms. She kept moaning and groaning loudly as the crowd below looked on. Mom's hips kept bucking as she waded in the torrent of pleasurable sensations coursing through her body.
I felt my cock twitch and moaned, "I'm cumming baby. So good mommy. So good. Oh yes! Oh my god! Yes. Yes. Yes. Ohhhhhhhhh." My cock shot my hot sperm deep into her pussy as mom still riding out her orgasm groaned as she felt my hot gooey seed coat her insides. I pumped my cock furiously as my cock continued to spasm inside her pussy.
Finally after our orgasms had subsided she spun to face me. Reaching up to the side of my face she said, "I love you so much. That was incredible. You had me so turned on. Can we go back into our room?" I kissed her deeply ad led us back inside.
We were both exhausted from our passion filled romp that we quickly undressed and got inside the covers. Our bodies snuggled tightly into each other's as we savored the moment. I leaned and lovingly kissed my mom softly on the lips and whispered, "Mom today was amazing. Thank you for arranging this. I can't wait for tomorrow. I love you baby. I love you so much."
Mom moaned softly, "Cody I love you too baby. I don't want this to ever end. I love what you do to me. I can't wait for tomorrow."
TORI
I woke up in a fog. I saw Cody sleeping next to me and realized we were at the Fontainebleau. I took a moment to orient myself, not because I was unaware of our surroundings but because I wanted to process all that had happened this last week. Seeing Cody lying next to me gave me pause. Am I really prepared to deal with the fallout from my actions? I know Cody is sincere with his feelings towards me as I am with mine but all actions have consequences and in our case there could be unintended consequences.
Yet I can't deny the feelings I have for my son. However they came about, whatever lack of discipline on my part to allow this to happen, the fact is I've fallen in love with my son. I know from a societal standpoint our relationship can never see the light of day but it's foolish on my part to deny its existence.
What makes matters more complicated is that Cody is still in college and scheduled to begin his senior year in a couple of months. How the hell am I going to handle that situation? Oh and what about Jim? I know now that our marriage is obviously past the point of repair. It probably has been for many years, we just never realized it. I guess the comfort of being in a familiar environment was enough for both of us to mask the loneliness of a broken relationship.
I started to tear up, overwhelmed by the enormity of what could happen if things went off the rail sort to speak. I looked at Cody who was still sleeping and cursed myself for allowing this to happen. I started to cry as I realized the error of my ways. God help me but this has to end. I cannot do this to my son. He deserves to find someone his age, someone he can fall in love with, someone who isn't his mother! I turned away from Cody and buried my head into my hands and cried.
Moments passed as I continued to feel terrible for what I had allowed to happen when I felt Cody's arm drape over me as his body spooned into mine. My body immediately reacted to his touch sending familiar feelings throughout my body. I thought how on earth am I going to give this up? I heard, "Mom why are you a crying? Are you ok?"
I turned to face my son. Looking into his eyes I said, "Cody, I know what I'm going to say won't make sense but we can't do this anymore. It's wrong!" Cody's face told me everything I needed to know. My actions did indeed have unintended consequences!