She called me from the PE conference a little tipsy. My wife never drank, but I knew there were a lot of college students that attended and the guys she taught with- Matt, Evan, and Ross were pretty heavy partiers so I couldn't say I was surprised. What surprised me was what came next.
"Do you remember that thing you said while we were doing it a couple months ago?" She waited silently for me to think about it even though I could tell she was kind of excited. She was always reserved. Slow to warm. The first time we met, when her college roommate set us up by having her visit the restaurant I was bartending at, I thought she had no interest. She kept her cards close back then and did now, ten years later.
"Which thing are we talking about?" I felt my pulse quicken a little since I didn't talk that much in bed, so when I did, it was pretty easy to remember, and if she was referring to the time I was thinking about, well...
"You know... when you were saying that- when you thought you might like it if- if- you know..." and then she whispered into the phone even though she was alone, "that you might like it if someone saw me while we were... You know."
"Yeah, I remember," I said. I had been riding my bike on a trail that day past some houses that had their backyards fully visible to anyone on it. And for some reason, it crossed my mind that if I lived there, it might be kind of hot to talk her into having sex on the back porch. Maybe have some dudes like me ride by and see her tits bouncing while she was getting fucked from behind and smiling demurely when she made eye contact with passing strangers.
It was a ridiculous fantasy, since I'm not sure I actually could stomach humping out where anyone could see us passing on the trail, and even more unbelievable because she would absolutely never do something like that.
Anyway while we were having sex a couple months ago, I got really into it and while we were fucking I told her about the bike fantasy where people could see her. She didn't say anything back but it raised the temperature for both of us and I could tell she was thinking about what I'd said.
Sure enough, the next week while we were warming up getting all touchy feely, she was rubbing my cock slowly and asked me, "What you said last time... you know... about the backyard near the trail? Would you really want other guys to see me naked?" as she kind of snuggled up a little closer while she kept stroking me.
"I don't know," I said, surprised that she'd even brought it up at all. She had never been super forward about anything related to sex ever, so for her to bring something like that up- something that had been said in the "throes of passion"- this was new. I hesitated. "I mean- I do get turned on by the idea of guys seeing you, and even like- I don't know..."
"Like what?" she asked, continuing to stroke me softly
"Well it's just the idea... the fantasy... I'm not saying I want it to happen, but..."
"But what?"
"Well I like to think about you as like, you know, the center of attention for a group of guys that, I dunno... guys that might have the opportunity to like, see every part of you, like totally naked- and maybe touch you a little bit? But it's just a fantasy."
"Oh my gosh!" she said and put her hand over her mouth and turned red. "You want them to touch me too?" she said, kind of giggling, her eyes big with an embarrassed smile. Then she rolled on top of me starting our usual ritual. She didn't say anything else about it but we fucked like nobody's business that time and she hadn't brought it up since. But the fact that she'd even asked about it was the most forward thing she'd ever done sexually in my experience.
Until now. Now she was all alone in her makeshift hotel room- a dorm on a college campus, a couple hundred miles away at a summer PE conference- along with the guys she worked with, and was asking if I remembered telling her about my fantasy of fucking her in front of strangers. This was a whole different thing. I said tentatively, "Yeah, I remember."
She continued, " Remember when you said you might also like it if- you know, maybe if some guys saw me naked and maybe... maybe even like... touched me?"
I was silent. My heart started beating a little faster and I was wildly turned on but getting worried. She was clearly a little buzzed, all alone a couple hours away and... was she starting to insinuate over the phone that she wanted to get naked in front of dudes? "Yeah, I remember."
We were both silent until she said, "I would never do anything to ruin our marriage. I just..."
"Yeah?"
"Well, I just- I remembered what you said and there's some college guys here that I think like- really like me. Like they're all flirting with me sort of a lot, and we decided that we were going to go bowling, and it was just me and Matt, and Evan, and Ross and these four guys we played volleyball against. I don't know... Anyway, a little bit ago Matt, Evan, and Ross said they'd go reserve us a bowling alley and I told the other guys to come get me in a few minutes to go over there with them 'cause I had to come back to my room because I didn't want to go bowling in my bikini."
"Wait, I thought the campus was a couple miles from the beach. Why would you be in a bikini at a PE conference if you weren't at the beach?"
"Well.. we were playing beach volleyball on campus and it was warm and all the guys were in their swim trunks, so I just thought it would be... you know... " and then she whispered, "and I thought you'd maybe kind of like that I was the only girl there with all those guys... maybe? With only my bikini on? Matt, Evan and Ross were kind of surprised too cuz I brought that smaller one you got me last year. You know, the one you said you really liked me in?"
My heart stopped. "The... theg-string?" I almost whispered.
"Well, yeah, but after what you said I thought you would really like it if I wore it. And even though the guys were making jokes about how white my butt was and how much of my boobs were showing, I could tell they liked it, and I was kind of embarrassed at first because- did you know this top even shows theundersidesof my boobs? If it moves even a little bit it totally shows my nipples! I have to keep fixing it all the time!"
"Wait, let me get this straight. You wore the g-string I got you? The one we were both laughing about because of how tiny it was, but that you promised you'd at least wear for me once in a while in our bedroom? You worethatbathing suit to play volleyball in with the guys youworkwith?"
"Well yeah. Like I said, I thought you'd like it."
Wow. So that meant that before she left on the trip she was planning on showing a lot more skin than she'd ever shown with me in public. A whole lot more. I got a little jealous realizing that she knew she was going to wear it in front of the guys and hadn't even worn it for me. I wasn't sure what to say to that.
I pictured her running around in the sand, pale skinned brunette, curvy in all the right places from a lifetime of athletics and a Marilyn Monroe physique, with her whole ass showing in a tiny g-string, wearing a little dental floss top that only covered her nipples, her pale tits bouncing and jiggling as she dove around. I was devastated and so insanely turned on at the same time. "I don't... um... okay."
"Okay 'cause, don't get mad, but they were kind of coming on to me especially after I just- well I kept thinking about what you said, so I thought that you'd probably like it too if I just let them kind of- you know... touch me a little bit too? Like when-"
"Woah, what? What do you mean 'touch you?'"
"Well it's not like it was anything major, but like Matt was just patting my butt cheeks when we'd get a point. I think he just thought it would be okay if every time we scored he just gave me a little slap, so I let him. And then when we would whisper about plays between points and he would put his arm around me, he started resting his hand on my hip and since I let him do that he just started moving it down to my butt- it was kind of obvious that he just wanted to feel my bare butt- but when I kept letting him, Evan and Ross started doing it too every time we huddled after that."
"So you let all the guys you work with put their arms around you and grab your bare butt repeatedly while you wore that tiny g-string?"
"Well I thought you'd like it, and it's not like it's letting them see me naked having sex like you said, so I didn't think it was that big a deal," she said, getting a little uncharacteristically defensive.
"Okay, I'm just saying. It's a little surprising is all."
"So is my husband telling me he has a fantasy about me being surrounded by a bunch of guys while I'm naked, watching me as I'm being fucked in front of all of them!"
Crickets. I'd never heard her use language like that before and I didn't know what to say. She just kept going.
"So because I let Matt, Evan, and Ross all touch me kind of a lot in front of those four college guys I've been telling you about, I think they just thought it would be okay to be grabby with me too. So when I sat on their laps while we were having a couple drinks-"
"Why would you need to sit on their-"
"Can you just let me finish please?" she continued, "There were only so many big rocks to sit on around the courts so I sort of just moved around sitting on each of their laps and they didn't touch me under my bikini."
"But you let them touch you everywhere else..." I was becoming resigned to my fate.
"Well they would all just put their arm around me when I sat on their laps, and rub my tummy or my butt or rest their hand between my thighs usually, and if they started moving it up a little too high, like if they touched my suit between my legs, I just held their hand there, or I would just get up to get another beer and sit down on someone else's lap. Sometimes they even tried to untie my top! But-"
"Woah- who-"
"They all were! Just let me finish okay? So I would just move a little bit and scoot over on their laps when they tried to undo my top, but then, when I was sitting on Matt's lap for like the second or third time and he tried to fool me by rubbing my shoulders with one hand while he undid the strings on my bottoms with the other... I... I just let him. I just pretended I didn't notice. Is that bad?
And then she added quickly, "It's not like I was going to let them totally undress me in public, but I liked how I looked in front of all of them with my bottoms undone. I liked how it felt. I liked that they were all hoping I would stand up with nothing on except my top. And I could tell they liked it because they were all staring at the naked, uninterrupted skin that ran all the way down my body.
I liked how Matt, Evan, and Ross and the other guys were all just staring at me and... I hope you're not mad, but you know how you were saying how you want guys to look at me when I'm naked?"
"Yeah," I croaked.
"I kind of- well... I want that too. As I was sitting there- the only girl in front of all these guys- that little top that you got me only covering my nipples and all of the rest of my boobs completely showing for all of them to see and look at as much as they want, and the little g-string barely covering anything at all, and now showing even more with the strings untied and the little front part fallen down showing the top of my pubic hair to all of them, and all of this as I sat essentially naked on all their laps, except for a string they couldn't even see in my butt crack.
And then she said, "And while I was thinking about all this, I was sitting on the lap of a guy I work with who I know has had the hots for me for a long time, and now I was just teasing him, my skin on his skin... teasing all of them. Letting them touch me almost anywhere and look at me all over as much as they wanted for as long as they wanted to, and all of it in public. In front of everyone... and... And I wanted more...
"But- but I didn't want everyone at the courts and in the conference to think I was a slut so I just made some joke and tied my bottoms back on and that's when someone suggested bowling. So... anyway... those college guys are coming to get me in a couple minutes and I thought I'd call and... well...
She waited for me to say something else and when I didn't, she must have just decided to 'rip the bandaid off' so to speak, and in a quiet voice said, "So like... do you want me to let these guys see me?" And then she rushed "I totally get if you don't want me to and I'll just get dressed and go to the bowling alley with them when they show up in a few minutes, but...but... if you.. If you want me to, you know... I could... maybe... you know."
I was hard as a rock and so jealous at the same time. When I told her my fantasy I wasn't expecting it to manifest, yet here she was a couple months later, my reserved, sexually conservative wife, calling me from a couple hundred miles away, all alone in her dorm asking me if she could take off her clothes and show her naked tits- her whole naked body, pussy and all- to a bunch of college guys she had just met that day. I asked tentatively: "Well what are you thinking?"
"I don't know," she said, "Maybe just... accidentally drop my towel? or, maybe- I don't know- maybe leave the door open a tiny bit? And I could put the big headphones on so I can pretend to not hear them push the door open the rest of the way? And maybe... maybe I could be naked with my back to the door? Then they'd see my butt. Is that enough? Or... Or do you want me to show more? I could show more... I kinda want..." she stopped.
"You kinda want what?" I asked in a voice that was almost a whisper, scared but feeling like I was going to burst at the same time.
"Well- like- I mean, like I said, I would never do anything to mess up our marriage but... but I kind of want them to- you know... like you said you wanted... maybe they should see all of me? And maybe- maybe even touch me a little bit like you said you wanted? Remember? You said you wanted a group of guys to touch me all over when I was naked? Remember?"
I felt like I could explode in my shorts right then. "Yeah."
"And then, before it goes too far, after all of them have touched me a little bit, I could kind of just playfully slap their hands away and say something like 'give a girl some privacy!' and kick them out while I got dressed. Does that sound crazy? This is crazy huh? Is this too crazy? Or... Or is it really okay if..."
I was pumping my dick through my shorts with my hand while listening to her. There was just no turning back now, "Is it really okay if you what?" I said. I wanted to hear her say it again. And this time. I could tell by some change in her voice that she was going to do it whether I said yes or no.
"I want to let the four college guys I just met today see me naked and let them look at me all over and stare at my boobs and my butt and my..." and she paused. "I'm going to let them touch me everywhere too. I'm going to let them grab handfuls of my ass and cup my tits and play with my nipples... I'm going to let them run their hands up my inner thighs and even touch me down there." She paused again. "I'm going to let them touch my pussy lips." She was breathing hard.
Wow. Where did this woman come from? "Can you-"
"Hold on!" and then she must've run to the door and peeked into the hall because she whispered excitedly, "Oh my gosh here they come!"
I replied hurriedly, "Well, set up your phone so I can at least-"
"I'll call you tomorrow! I'll tell you everything I promise! Bye!" and she hung up.
I called her back immediately, frantically... and it went to voicemail. I dropped the phone, stared out the window, and contemplated the idiocy of sharing a fantasy with your wife. There would be no sleeping tonight.

She pulled into the driveway and I felt the knots in my stomach tighten as I went to the front door and waited for her with it open. She walked up the front steps in a skimpy little pair of cutoff jean shorts I'd never seen, frayed at the edges, and the tiny top from the g-string which she must've driven home in, her pale boobs jiggling with every step. She noticed me and the corners of her mouth turned up as she slid her sunglasses to the top of her head. She looked into my eyes as she approached and sauntered right past me through the doorway, butt cheeks on display under the hem of her little shorts.
"Have fun?" I said. Brilliant. I know. I was at a loss for words though.
She turned around to face me and dropped her bags right there on the ground in the foyer. "I did," and she looked at me silently, hands on hips, daring me to say something. "Nothing happened other than what you told me you wanted to happen. You remember what you told me?" When I didn't answer she said, "I know you're mad because I hung up on you but I just didn't want to ruin it and I couldn't think of what else to do 'cause I had to get ready so fast... but..." and she smiled devilishly, "I did record it."

The camera moved around frantically for a couple seconds and then settled. She burst into motion, leaving the door open just a crack, putting the giant headphones over her ears and turning them on with a click as the green noise canceling indicator light went on, and then my beautiful pale, curvy, brunette wife reached around behind her back and untied her bikini top, setting it on the bed, her bare tits jiggling a little as she freed them.
Then she hooked her thumbs into her bottoms and slid the strings over her perfect ass, down her pale thighs, revealing her pink pussy lips to the camera as she dropped the suit to her ankles and stepped out of it, kicking it into the corner.
And then to my utter disbelief, she slowly started dancing. My quiet, reserved wife started dancing, naked, waiting to reveal every inch of herself to a bunch of guys that were walking down the hall toward her open door right now. Guys she'd just met.
She moved slowly, arms above her head, back to the door, pale tits just visible from the side as she swayed back and forth to a rhythm only she could hear. Then the door pushed open and a typical college bro with his hat on backwards, beer in hand, poked his head in. His jaw dropped as he pushed the door wide and his three other buddies stopped abruptly behind him, all four of them staring in a silent pack as my wife showed them her bare ass and the sides of her tits as she moved gracefully to the music.
She raised her hands even higher and began to pivot around, slowly gyrating her hips rhythmically to the music. Eyes closed like she was in musical heaven. The guys just stood there with the door wide open, mouths agape, as she slowly and seductively showed them more and more of her naked body, slowly, agonizingly, revealing more and more of her bare tits to them, her flat tummy and belly button, the neat little trimmed triangle between her legs, the pink lips just below, sometimes visible and sometimes hidden, her pale, curvy thighs looked edible in the lamp light.
She kept her eyes closed as she swayed back and forth giving them a full frontal view of every bit of her, her tits jiggling lightly with every small movement. And then, as the guys stood mesmerized she opened her eyes and, feigning mild surprise, stopped moving. She dropped her hands slowly, took off the headphones, and, chewing a fingernail but without covering herself, stood in the middle of the dorm looking at the guys who stared back.
No one spoke for a few seconds and then hat bro said, "Uhhh... can we come in?" to which my naked wife nodded her head. The guys entered the room, leaving the door open, incredibly. And then they walked up to my wife and surrounded her as she turned her head looking at each of them still biting her nail but not covering up. The guys couldn't resist. Who could?
They slowly reached up and started rubbing my wife's tits, her stomach, over her belly button and down between her legs. Eight hands of complete strangers ran over her body. They grabbed handfuls of her perfect ass, ran fingers up and down her crack and between her pink pussy lips as she just smiled and let them touch her everywhere. Anywhere.
She leaned her head back in ecstasy as the guy in front of her dropped to his knees and kissed her from her bellybutton to the top her triangle continuing downward while another slid a hand up her smooth side, following the soft undercurve of her breast, dragging fingers lightly over a nipple and tracing them up to her neck while another one of them leaned forward to kiss her shoulder cupping the other breast, lightly rolling a nipple in his fingers.
The guy behind her reached between her legs and she moved her feet apart. He spread her pussy lips, ran his fingers from her wetness, back, between her cheeks, circling her asshole as she moved her feet apart even more, giving them all better access.
The guy in front of her stood up, unzipped his pants, then pulled out his cock and lightly wrapped his hand around my wife's throat. She opened her eyes, looking at him for a long moment as the other three continued fondling her, rubbing her, even beginning to penetrate her with their probing fingers, while this one stared back at her, cock out, hand wrapped around her neck. Then she slowly leaned forward, kissed him, and slid her fingers around his meat.
Shadows suddenly appeared in the doorway followed by the stunned figures of Matt and, I'm assuming, Evan and Ross, but they hadn't come far enough into the room yet for anything besides their shadows to be on camera. "Woah, woah, woah gentlemen! What's going on here?" said Matt in a surprised voice, sounding even a little... jealous, was it? He stepped into the room and there was some fumbling with the camera behind him and that's where the video ended.

"See?" She said, taking her phone from me. "Nothing happened other than what you wanted."
"And the dick grabbing?"
"Okay, okay, but they all had their hands on me! I didn't mean to grab his cock, it was just sort of something that happened! I got lost in the moment. Besides, Matt scared them off and we just went bowling after that. Just me Matt, Evan and Ross. I think Matt kinda freaked them out a little 'cause he got a little huffy about the hand around my neck. And since him and Evan are pretty big, the younger guys just made some excuses about having to go, and left pretty quick.
She continued, "I said something about 'saving a girl's honor' to Matt, and told them I had just been in the middle of changing and had accidentally left the door open a crack when those college guys just walked in. They all bought it and we just went bowling after that. It was no big deal. Matt was kinda like a puppy dog all night though. He looked kinda mad and sad and jealous and... really turned on at the same time actually."
And then she looked at me, "...kind of like you do right now," and she stepped toward me, looking me in the eyes as she unzipped my shorts and, grabbing my cock, said, "Oh, you reallydolike it when your wife gets naked for a group of guys and lets them touch her all over don't you?" She smiled demurely at me, then turned on her heel and headed for the hall.
"I'm going to take a shower and a nap. Can you put those bags away and make me some dinner please?" She walked away from me barefooted, pale sides of her tits bouncing, unbuttoning her shorts. And as they slid down her hips, nothing on underneath, I stood there with my swollen dick throbbing, in the middle of the foyer watching her go.