Two days had passed since Kelly's 'performance' at the garage and to be blunt it had been an uneventful time.
With our car now in working order, we had driven on stopping only for meals, a classic horror movie marathon at a quaint little theater we discovered and of course to sleep which we had done at two low budget highway motels.
Conversation was dominated by old memories and hopes for the future. In fact things had so much returned to normality that I was beginning to think Kelly's exertions at the garage had extinguished the spark of exhibitionism that was previously burning so brightly. However, as it turned out I could not have been more wrong.
"I'm bored Phil," Kelly announced with a sigh as we drove aimlessly on.
"Ok Kell what do you suggest?" I replied.
Spotting a sign advertising a mall in three miles, Kelly said, "Let's go there."
"Shopping! Great!" I responded sarcastically. "That'll be fun I don't think."
Kelly tutted, "No Phil. I said let's go there not let's go shopping."
Puzzled I replied, "That's what you do at a mall Kell, you shop."
Kelly laughed and as I took my eyes briefly off the road to glance at her I noticed a look on her face that I had also seen at the garage two days earlier.
"Just take us to that mall Phil and you'll see," she said.
Intrigued and more than a little excited, I put my foot down on the accelerator and in no time at all we were pulling into a parking space outside the mall.
"Well we're here so what's the plan?" I asked.
Without replying Kelly undid her seatbelt, lifted her hips and put her hands up under her dress. She wriggled a little and then removed her panties handing them to me.
"Take these for me Phil. I won't be needing them," she said before opening the door and getting out of the car.
Taken aback, I sat motionless holding Kelly's panties. She was standing next to the vehicle with the door still open and as I continued to watch in stunned silence, she did that thing girls do where they remove their bra from under their clothes.
Bending down into the car and looking at me with a smile she handed me the bra. "Take that too and let's go," she said.
Holding her undergarments I got out and rather naively queried, "Shall I bring these with me?"
Kelly rolled her eyes and laughed. "Err no Phil. Leave them in the car," she said in mock exasperation.
Dropping the bra and panties on my seat, I locked the Sedan and we headed into the mall.
Kelly looked amazing in her light blue summer dress that ended just above her knees. Released from the confines of a bra, her 34d boobs swayed gently under the material as she walked and the outline of her rapidly hardening nipples could clearly be seen.
Aside from the dress all Kelly was now wearing was a pair of three inch wedged heal shoes that accentuated her already well-toned legs and helped push her butt up making it even perkier.
The knowledge that this beautiful blonde I was accompanying was naked under her thin dress was making my heart beat increasingly fast and my dick was once more straining against my pants.
It was mid-afternoon but the mall was busy with shoppers. Kelly pointed to a staircase leading to the first floor.
"That looks like the place to start," she said.
Knowing what sort of view anyone at the bottom of the staircase would get I replied, "You go on up and I will follow. I need to redo my shoelaces."
This was probably the lamest lie I had over told and unsurprisingly it failed to fool Kelly.
"Yeah right Phil," she giggled, "You just want to see my ass and pussy as I go up the stairs."
Embarrassed and a tiny bit ashamed I was stammered, "No, no..."
Kelly cut me off mid-sentence and said, "It's ok Phil. I've already seen the bulge in your pants and it's not like you've not seen my bits before. Maybe we can have some fun with that bulge later?"
This last remark really made my mind spin. "Did I hear right?" I wondered. It seemed our 10 year platonic friendship could be about to head in a very different direction.
Without waiting for me to respond, Kelly strode off confidently towards the stairs. As she climbed the first step she looked over her shoulder at me and winked.
Having moved directly below the staircase, I looked on totally transfixed as she sauntered up each step.
As she reached halfway a group of three men in their early 20s joined me in my prime position while a middle-aged man a few feet away was doing his best to check her out without alerting his wife who was chatting on her cellphone.
Kelly looked back once more and seeing she was drawing a crowd she quickly lifted the hem of her dress exposing her entire butt.
"Fucking awesome," said one of the men to my side exchanging a high five with another of the group.
Kelly flattened her dress down and moved further up the staircase as young couple came over to see what was going on.
"She's got no underwear on," said the woman stating the obvious.
"Yep and what a butt!" replied her male companion who received a punch on the shoulder from the woman for this remark.
Kelly was at the top of the staircase by this point and spun round to face her new fans. Smiling broadly she lifted the front of her dress exposing her clean-shaven pussy. She held the pose for about 10 seconds before dropping the hem down again and walking off.
Leaving the rest of the onlookers to digest what had gone on; I hurried up the stairs and caught up with Kelly who was in fits of giggles.
"Phew that was fun," she said.
"Are you crazy?" I blurted out, "What if someone reports you or they saw you on CCTV?"
"Don't be such a worrier Phil. Did you enjoy the show? Yeah you did I can see," Kelly said nodding towards the raging boner in my pants.
Feeling a wave of embarrassment coursing over my face, I adjusted my pants in a futile attempt to mask my excited dick.
Kelly laughed and said, "Don't worry Phil. Like I said we might have some fun with that later. But not yet. Come on. I want to show off some more."
Without waiting for a response, she grabbed my hand and skipped on in excited fashion. As we strolled through the mall Kelly and her swaying boobs drew plenty of admiring looks which she acknowledged with smiles and the odd wink.
Spying a sign saying 'pool hall - top floor' she said, "That could be interesting."
I nodded my agreement and we headed for a nearby elevator. As we entered we discovered it had a glass back giving anyone inside a view of the mall car park. Kelly's eyes lit up with a mischievous twinkle.
As the doors closed behind us and the elevator started to move, she turned to face the large glass panel and without speaking popped her boobs out of the top of her dress.
"Press the stop button Phil," she said as the elevator passed the third floor.
I did as requested and the elevator came to a standstill. With that Kelly shuffled over to the glass panel and pressed her liberated boobs tightly up against it. I peered over her shoulder to see a small crowd gathered in the car park below looking up at us.
"Shit Kell you're going to get us in trouble," I said urgently.
"It'll be ok Phil," came the calm response. "Watch this."
Kelly stepped back a pace releasing her boobs from the glass. Grasping her right boob in her hand she brought it up and licked her erect nipple. The crowd below had swelled to about 20 by this stage and some produced cellphones to take pictures of this sexy young girl who was putting on a show for them.
Having repeated the same trick with her left boob, Kelly then reached down to the hem of her dress and quickly pulled it up and off over her head. She was now standing there totally naked except for her shoes.
Dropping her dress on the floor, she rubbed her hands over her body paying particular regard to her smooth pussy. She then did a slow pirouette allowing her audience to get a view of her naked butt which she playfully slapped.
Then, as suddenly as he had taken it off, she picked up her dress and put it back on. Turning one last time to face the glass panel she waved to her latest fan club below and said, "Start the elevator Phil."
Again complying with her orders, I pushed the button and we headed on up as I once again battled to readjust my pants as my dick strained and twitched inside them.
"I am so turned on!" said Kelly breathing heavily.
"Me and a few others too I'd imagine," I replied bringing another grin to my friend's face.
The elevator reached the top floor and we got out. The pool hall was dimly lit and there were a dozen or so tables around half of which were in use. We paid at the bar for a table and two pool sticks.
As we made our way to table number seven, Kelly drew the customary stares from the patrons and staff. I racked the balls and broke off.
Now it was Kelly's turn. Ignoring an easy shot, she sauntered around the table and stretched across it with one leg in the air. Of course this brought the hem of her dress up and immediately attracted the attention of the two middle-aged men playing on the adjacent table.
Despite having to reach, Kelly made her shot and moved round for another. I looked across the hall and noticed all games had now come to a halt and there were 15 to 20 men watching her every move intently.
Kelly too had spotted this and was loving it. She bent over to take her next shot and this time, instead of lifting a leg, she pulled up her dress barring her entire butt. She missed the shot and stood up. "Darn it now for my forfeit," she said.
"What forfeit," I replied. "We didn't say anything about forfeits."
"Ssh Phil," replied Kelly with a chuckle.
Placing her pool stick on the table she reached down to the bottom of her dress and, just as she had minute's ago in the elevator, pulled it up over her head and off before tossing it on a nearby chair.
"Your turn," she said matter-of-factly picking up her stick.
Not wanting to take my eyes off her stunning body for any longer than necessary, I quickly took my shot and missed. Not that I cared.
Kelly laughed, "Something distracting you Phil?"
I did not answer and instead just stood and watched as she circled the table picking out her next shot. The players from the other tables had gathered closely around us by now and every eye was on Kelly and she knew it.
Bending down to take her next shot she parted her legs more than was probably required giving the lucky men behind her a perfect view of her butt hole and pussy. Inaudible remarks could be heard as the men took in the sight.
Kelly missed her shot and stood up turning to face the majority of the audience. "Forfeit time," she said with glee.
I had no idea what to expect by this stage but I knew it would be good. Kelly put her stick down and then lifted herself up onto the edge of the table. She scooted back further onto the baize and spread her legs wide drawing more inaudible remarks from the attentive crowd.
"Pass me my stick please Phil?" said Kelly.
I handed it to her and stood back as she turned it so the larger butt-end was towards her. Then she began sucking on the stick as if giving it a blow job.
"Crap babe I can give you some wood if you want," came a comment from one of the pool players causing laughter and a smattering of applause.
Kelly winked and, taking the stick out of her mouth, said, "Not right now thanks."
With that she resumed sucking on the stick, her legs still splayed wide giving all who wanted a look at her visibly mostioning pussy.
Removing the stick once more she shuffled on the table and placed the butt-end at the entrance to her pussy. We all guessed what was going to happen next but when she did it there were still a few gasps.
Kelly pushed the stick passed her pussy lips and into her hole. It slipped in easily and she continued to push until several inches had disappeared up inside her.
Letting out a moan she then proceeded to use the stick like an extra-long dildo pushing it in and pulling it back out of her pussy with increasing pace.
A few minutes passed and Kelly had her eyes closed and was totally immersed in her actions panting heavier and heavier as the stick thrust in and out.
Suddenly she opened her eyes and looked at me. "Rub my clit Phil!" she yelled.
Stunned I said, "What?"
"Get over here and rub my fucking clit!" Kelly screamed.
Gleefully following instructions I hurried to the table and began rubbing her engorged clitoris. I was giddy with excitement and rubbed faster as Kelly's quickened the pace with her pool stick.
Suddenly her body convulsed and it was happening. She plunged the stick deep into her hole and screamed as she came all over it and my hand.
The pool players cheered and whooped their appreciation as Kelly slumped back coming down from her orgasm with the stick still up inside her.
"You ok Kell?" I asked.
"Couldn't be better," she replied finally sliding the stick out of her pussy and dropping it on the ground.
I helped her to her feet and she put her dress back on. The crowd had dispersed and returned to their games although most kept an eye on us just in case Kelly was up for an encore.
"That's enough pool I think," said Kelly with a chuckle.
Not bothering to return the sticks we headed out of the pool hall and back into the elevator. Kelly looked a bit dishevelled due to her exertions but still beautiful.
"You're amazing Kell. I never knew you had this side," I said.
"Me neither until we started this road trip," she responded. "But I love it. All those people watching me get off and wanting me is like a drug I can't get enough of."
The elevator reached the ground floor and we stepped out making our way back through the mall to the car park. As we reached our car Kelly grabbed my arm.
"Oh yes I just remembered how's that big bulge of yours Phil?" she said with a smirk.
"Still there," I replied without thinking.
"Well we can't have that can we?" she said. "Get in the back seat and lay down."
Growing accustomed to doing as she asked I complied and got in the back of the car. Kelly reached in and unzipped my pants before pulling my rock hard dick free from my underwear.
Her hands felt soft and warm around my shaft and as she started to stroke I knew it would not be long before I came. Cupping my balls with one hand, she gripped my thick trunk tighter and pumped her fist up and down rhythmically growing in pace.
I was so close now and my body was swimming with pleasure as Kelly brought me nearer and nearer to the brink. I could feel the cum making its way to the tip of my dick and put my head back on the seat to enjoy the forthcoming explosion.
Suddenly Kelly's motion stopped and I looked up. "Don't worry Phil I'm not going to leave you hanging. I just don't want to make a mess," she said slyly.
With that she brought her head down and took my dick in her mouth. That was enough for me and I thrust forward as several waves of cum spurted out and into her mouth. When I was done I looked up again just in time to see Kelly swallowing the last of my load and wiping her lips with the back of her hand.
"Nice stuff Phil," she said as I pulled up my underwear and pants. "Shall we get going and look for somewhere to eat? I'm starved," she added.
Still not fully registering what had occurred but knowing it was amazing; I nodded and made my way to the driver's seat and we set off.
"Kelly," I said, "Where are we heading with all this? I mean..."
"Ssh Phil," scorned Kelly, "Spontaneity remember? It's all about spontaneity."