I had finished college. And now working under Wendy and her daughter Stephanie was a dream come true.
Working five days a week and then getting some from grandma. What more could i ask for?
I started to look forward to the days ahead like an adventure. A dominant grandma who was beginning to understand my nature as a foot fetishist and I got to make dresses for mom, her and women of the community. I actually learned fashion from grandma. She informed me she went to fashion school and did costumes for women in her time period.
But the dresses was just the job on the side. It was never boring. But grandma being a librarian, had connections. She knew a dominatrix after she became one in my life.
She is naturally a curious woman, a good researcher, like a detective and can seek out information. So, it wasn't long, before she found a dominatrix in our community. It turned out to be Sada and her daughter Annette. They were a mother/ daughter team.
In Sada's family, being a dominatrix was a family tradition, in a matriarchal family and passed down to all the women in the family. Luckily the Marcum family women had high arched feet as a hereditary trait.
They had to go to school, study sociology, psychology, history and more. They were educated matriarchs. And now grandmother sought advice. advice on how to dominate and keep me a slave. A slave to her, mom, and future women.
What I didn't know was I was sealing my fate. I think this was going to be a bright future. But grandma became controlling with compassion and being non- judgmental. I was enjoying how she treated me.
I had to beg for her desirable feet and luscious body. I even had to masturbate in front of her and her trainers. But most important I had to learn her stinky foot scent. Her natural aroma. It was in my nature. This is how I was meant to live.
But I enjoyed going to work and pleasing my bosses. I was treated the same as my matriarch mothers treated me. I did everything she commanded. Then I had a new job, high arched feet women were placed in a room and I was told to go in there to sniff their awful reek feet. Then lick the smell off of their feet. Then more women replaced them and I had to repeatedly do it over again til 5pm.
It was like a science experiment. The room was closed off from customers and they couldn't see this secret room. I had to undress once entering the room and closing shut the doors. I was naked as the women, were clothed. Stephanie was in charge and would repeatedly give me the same instructions every weekday. This secret room wasn't on the same floor where customers shopped. It was next to my bosses office so she could keep a close eye on me. Stephanie would write daily reports as if she was reporting to some government official. That's exactly how Wendy ran her shoe store.
Wendy's Shoe Boutique was actually in a rural development. A strip mall that served as a womans shoe store. It had three stories. But it also had a basement. Women loved the interior decorating. Wendy designed it all herself. Then as Stephanie turned 20, she took up interior decorating after graduating college. Stephanie helped with redoing the interior of the building.
When I got my first job there, I loved the layout. It was dope. It was a relaxing atmosphere or ambiance. But now, all I could do was smell the foul feet of middle aged women. Before entering the room, i was blindfolded. Then Stephanie opened the door and guided me across the room until, she forced my face down into their smelly feet.
There were circumstances. All the women had to have smelly high arched feet. They had to have huge pussy lips, and sweaty bodies. But their feet had to be unwashed for about a month, dirty, grimy, and all women had to be middle aged. They had to be into young men.
Once they met these qualifications from the interview in Wendy's basement office, they could proceed the next day or week for the study. Like a study advertised on television, these women were looking for a young man in early 20s. They were cougars. But this was a different courting ritual than what normal humans are used to.
I didn't know this was being set up for me to get a mate. But I was enjoying every bit of it. Another qualification was all women had to be dominant in nature seeking a submissive man. And being submissive by nature I would be the perfect bachelor.
But Wendy's front or fake office was on the main floor with the customers. She had two managers in the office. They were Pam and Jessica. Since Wendy and Stephanie were my bosses I reported directly to them.
What I also didn't know was this secret room had real dominatrix furniture. Apparently it was a big room. The women were laying on their stomachs on massage tables.
Like a masseuse, they allowed me to massage them with their clothes on. Stephanie was instructing me the whole time.
My stick was just stiff. Erect and ready to spatter water at any time. Stephanie would grab my butt cheeks and then i felt a warm hand enclose my member. Then lips started to suck me dry. Once this was over, I was shackled into an X position against a wall.
Then the women gave me head till they felt satisfied. My breathing intensified. I came in their mouths. Once they were done, my bosses finished me off.
I was unshackled, left the room into my bosses secret office, where I was unblinded, put back on my clothes. And then went home.
During that whole time, I was being taped. It Was being recorded on film like a porno flick. Wendy and her daughter would put this in their secret files to take home and watch on their home computers. It was good entertainment for my bosses. So while they were replaying each day's entertainment at home, I went home smelling like women's stinky feet.
Grandma welcomed me with open arms. Then i was to assume the position. As grandma sat on a chair, legs crossed, musky feet, sweaty like the requirements for the experiment. I was ordered to lick the smell off her feet after sniffing for two hours. The smell doesn't really come off even when she bathes daily. She has to wear loafers with socks when going to the library. Then i was to go into her bedroom which was moved to the basement. There I saw fetish and bdsm equipment like i was put in at work. This time I get to see it. Waiting on us was the Marcum family women. The dominatrixes that started it all. I now was to become the slave i was meant to be at women's high arched feet. All I had to was sign my rights over and become a slave to my grandma, the Marcum women, and my bosses.
I now signed on the dotted line to become the devoted foot slave I was meant to be.