I do not remember too much of the party. It was a friend of a friend, whose friend had a house party. By the time it came to me, I was as close to a random off the street as you could get.
This meant that I didn't really know anyone there. My friend Katy, who had invited me along, knew only one person. I only knew Katy. As our plan to go came together, I didn't like it much. I knew I would be alone at someone's house.
I only had one way to get through that conundrum. I had two shots before I left and headed straight for the booze as soon as we got there.
I had been raised well but Katy assured me it would be fine for us to show up empty-handed. Her excuse was that we were two hot chicks and they would be buying us drinks all night if we were out anyway.
That's how I ended up drunk and alone in a stranger's house, surrounded by low light and even more strangers. It probably wasn't the worst way to spend a Friday night, but the results were predictable.
I didn't black out but it was definitely a blur. I didn't remember his name but I remember laughing a lot at some of the lines he passed off. It was chilly out so I remember feeling cold as I left the house party.
Katy stopped me to ask if I was okay. I think she tried to stop me from leaving, or maybe from leaving with him.
I remember that vaguely. But I don't remember going to his place. If I had not been so drunk, I would not have gone to his place. We would have gone to mine.
There was not much doubt in anyone's mind what was going to happen. He didn't know it but I am pretty easy. I just feel more comfortable, if I'm going to fuck a stranger, it should be at my place.
I was definitely awake when his hands made their way under my shirt. We were on the couch and the lights were on.
I kept kissing him, it was mildly passionate and very, very eager. Maybe he thought that was what he needed to do to warm me up and seal the deal on getting laid.
The kissing did little to turn me on. It was fun but his hands groping me were doing much more to arouse me.
I had probably been lying there mostly unresponsive to his advances when he had started. I kissed back a little and started to feel him up too.
His shirt came off easily but I fumbled for quite some time before finally getting his pants open. I was a little disappointed by what I felt.
I did not think this was going to be anything special. He was mostly out of shape and a little sweaty. I wasn't going to stop him but I didn't anticipate much. Sex, maybe a quick nap in his bed, then I would go home. Maybe I would be lucky enough for him to leave me wet enough that I would not need much lube when I got myself off.
Slightly self-conscious of myself, knowing I was about to give it up to a middle-of-the-pack specimen, I did a quick mental run-through of my own readiness. My dress was already off, but I remembered that I had found matching clean underwear. Check.
It was a slow week at work so I had gotten in a little extra time at the gym. I remembered that I was very happy with how I had looked naked in the mirror that morning, my tummy taut and flat. Check.
I also remembered that I had gotten waxed earlier that week. Check. Hopefully he'd get turned on enough and my slick pussy would get him off quickly.
Drunk, I did not really consider the notion that I could stop this all right here. I could be outside and in a ride home in minutes.
I had committed to this though. I needed some release and this may help.
Judging by what I felt, he needed this as well. I did not want to be a cock tease. Giving it up to some random that I was not really attracted to felt way better in my head. I did not want to be a tease, at any cost.
He stopped kissing me and raised himself up on the couch. I covered my eyes a little, not to avoid looking at him but because my eyes were sensitive. He made a definite sound of clear approval before reaching around to open my bra.
As he peeled it away, seeing what was revealed got another, longer whistle of approval. I am lucky to have big boobs.
Even better for him, I had gotten them fixed up a few years earlier. They were still soft but they stood up nicely whatever position I was in. I am sure they looked fantastic to him above me, lying on the couch.
Now that I was topless, he was not going to miss an opportunity. He clearly liked what he saw and started to kiss and lick. As his tongue assaulted my nipples, his hand found its way down the front of my panties.
None of that was necessary for me, though. I was secretly annoyed with myself for getting so turned on by the whole situation.
I had decided I was going to fuck him long before he chatted me up much. By now, anticipating having a cock in me, I was wet enough that my panties were probably damp.
He was my party favor. Nothing else about the night was great, but at least I was going to get laid. Even if nothing else, it would at least fuel some hot masturbation sessions for the next week. Maybe.
As his fingers slipped between my gooey pussy lips, he grunted. I knew this was getting closer to his limit and I really did not want him to finish too quickly.
I had this experience with too many average guys before. They would all get shy after they came in their pants, just like the movie. Those nights all ended in no sex, and I definitely did not want that tonight.
I let him push my panties all the way down to my ankles. When he pushed his pants and boxers down though, I stopped him.
"Let's go to your bed," I told him.
I wanted to slow him around. More important though, it was bright here. I was not above getting fucked by some guy I did not know on his couch. I did have slightly higher hopes than this though.
"Let's just start," he said back.
"Not like this."
I guess that could have meant anything but he got the message. Maybe he was even a little annoyed. I was well out of his league though and everything indicated that he was extremely eager to get off.
He stood up and took only a moment to pull his pants up a little before he reached his hand out to me. My panties hit the floor as I sat up on the couch. Classy. I took his hand to help me stand.
All the lights were on. It was a long walk down a bright hallway to his room. I was concentrating on following him but I did notice several open doors along the way. Big apartment. Maybe there was some hope for him.
Finally we got to his room. Thankfully, the lights were off. I found the bed in the light from the open door to the hallway. As I laid on my back and set up some pillows, he rummaged around in a drawer.
None of this took too long. That was good because I was ready to go. I wanted dick. I wanted to feel a man inside my pussy. I wanted him to take it, and I wanted him to ride me until he let loose. I wanted to be the reason he came.
As he moved to the door, I could see him putting on a condom. I had not gone through that part of the checklist in my head before. I rarely did when I was this drunk. It had been a while since I was on birth control and I did not have any Plan B ready to go at home. Plus, who knows what he had.
There was not much fanfare or any kissing when he got to the bed. It was dark and my legs were already spread. He lined up and slid in easily.
It all felt good. He was not very big, but not tiny. I did not feel like he was in good enough shape to fuck me so hard it hurt.
He did not make much sound, so I added a little bit of background noise by moaning. This was not too difficult. While he was not making me moan with his thrusting, I was still pretty close. I just helped the soundtrack along a little.
I opened my eyes after a little while. With my head propped up on the pillows, I could see a little.
The bedroom door was open. I was sure he had closed it before. I remembered that the hallway light had been on. That light was off now.
There was some backlighting though, probably from the living room down the hall.
What I saw was a figure standing there.
It was a male figure. He was naked. He was hard. He was watching. He had a hand on his cock, working it slowly.
Whatever fake moans I was letting out before turned to real ones. Exciting as it was to be getting fucked, and by a stranger, now I was being watched. Whoever this was, a roommate or something, was enjoying the sight of me getting hammered.
The hammering part was not going so well. The guy on me, and I realized now that I didn't know his name, was starting to get soft. He sat up a little and looked at me.
I was transfixed, looking at the voyeur. As my lover stopped, he looked at me and saw that I wasn't paying attention to him.
"What?"
"Oh, nothing," I replied.
I was not thinking too fast. He saw me looking, not at him. I switched my gaze, looking down at his now-softening, rubber-covered cock.
He looked back at the doorway, where I had been looking.
As luck would have it, the voyeur had vanished. The guy in bed with me did not seem to notice that the door, the door he had closed, was now open.
Maybe he did notice. I doubt he cared much.
He did look down to his cock though. At this point it was completely soft.
"Are you okay?"
"Yeah, I'm fine," he answered.
I reached down to help him out a little. The condom was dripping wet from my pussy and there was lube on the inside as well. It was all slippery and very easy to use to massage him. I hoped to massage him back to life so he could finish.
"You don't seem okay," I told him.
"I don't like those things very much."
Aside from obvious, this was not an original statement. I don't think anyone likes them.
"Then take it off," I told him, deadpan.
I let go of him. It did not take him a moment to get it off. A couple of strokes of his hand later, he looked ready again.
I cooed a little, seeing his bare cock, lined up with my tight slit. I was already anticipating the feeling of it, warm and smooth, inside me. He hesitated and spoke again.
"Are you clean?"
"Yes," I whispered hoarsely, "you don't have to worry."
I realized that was a little ambiguous. I probably should not have told him not to worry. I probably should not have done any of it. My mind raced through a rationalization that if he was asking, he was probably careful or clean himself. It made no sense but I really wanted him to get back at it.
I also realized that I should probably tell him to pull out. Not that he was likely to anyway. By the time he had pushed back into me, I knew that my hole was coated in his precum. So much for being safe.
Suddenly, the whole situation was way more exciting. Sure, I was getting fucked by an average guy with an average cock. But now the voyeur was back.
On top of that, I was pretty sure I was going to have this stranger launch his wad into my pussy, and pretty soon. That definitely added to the excitement.
The moans and sighs were not intentional now. Somehow, the night had taken a turn for the better. I was about to come.
But that was not to be. He pushed in hard and as deep as he could, then started throbbing and spurting in me. He was grunted as I felt his warm load gushing into my body.
It was not just a little, either. Feeling him unload in me made me see stars. I was so close to coming. I felt dirty, I did not even know his name and I had just serviced him to completion without any protection. God, that was hot. I was so close to coming.
Close is not there though. I was so close, yet so far.
To make matters worse, he just pulled out, rolled over and buried his head in the pillows next to me. I gasped a little as he left me, feeling his cum run out of me.
By the time I looked at him, he was sound asleep and mumbling a little. I got up. There was no reason to stay here. He was dead to the world.
At least I had given him that much. I could take away some satisfaction from this.
My clothing was in the other room. This was worse than a walk of shame. I was naked and I had cum dripping down my thighs as I peeked down the hall.
I moved slowly and quietly. The living room light had been turned off. Everything in this strange apartment was much darker now. I would have liked to find the bathroom but it seemed easier to just collect my things and leave.
Thankfully, there was enough light coming through the blinds that I found my underwear and my dress. I was about to step into my panties as I turned around.
The voyeur was back.
He was standing at the end of the hallway nearest me. He was watching.
I froze.
Even from a little bit of distance, I could tell that he was still hard. In fact, it was extremely easy to tell that he was hard. His cock was massive.
My eyes bulged as I caught sight of it. I could feel cum oozing down my thigh and I really wanted to put my panties on. But I could not move.
He waited a moment before moving his hand down to cup his balls. Then he whispered at me, just loud enough that I could hear.
"I saw you fucking my roommate."
I remained motionless. I had no idea what to do. Part of me wanted to run.
Then there was also a part of me that wanted to do something different.
After all, I had just drained his roommate's balls. Heck, I had almost come. Almost.
The fright of seeing this man standing there now had pushed my hormones into overdrive. On top of it, he was looking at my naked body and touching himself.
I did not know if what was dripping out of me was cum or my own juices. Right now, it was probably both.
"You're hot. I enjoyed watching you."
Somewhere I had regained enough composure to stand up straight. I was on full display now. I was madly turned on. I had to say something.
"How long were you watching?"
"The door was open when you went to his room. I saw you go by, then I turned out the lights so I could watch."
He was stroking himself now. I moaned a little and bit my lower lip.
It was a clear sign of interest, as I hoped it would be. He did not stop rubbing on the skin of his prick as he moved closer to me.
I reached out a little and took half a step towards him. I was mesmerized and on autopilot. There were no rational thoughts in my mind. Just drunk and horny.
"I should help you with that," I whispered quietly as I looked into his eyes and smirked.
He did not say anything. He did not need to.
I dropped to my knees and stuck my tongue out. He groaned a little as it touched the head of his cock. I could taste and smell the precum flowing copiously, sweet and a little salty.
There was no way his girth was going to fit very far into my mouth. I was determined to try though. I swallowed hard as I pushed down as far as I could go. It was not far but it did not matter much.
I had barely gotten in a few seconds of sucking when he reached down and pulled me up by my arms. He was strong and his body was tight. I was ready to go. I was ready to give him anything he wanted.
Unlike his roommate, he did not take any precautions or ask. He pushed me gently back onto the couch and spread my legs. I closed my eyes as I felt him run the head of his cock between my pussy lips to get it wet.
I came as soon as he slid in. I was incredibly stretched out and felt more full than I had ever experienced. His long shaft rubbed against my g-spot as I started shaking.
I was seeing stars. I could feel my whole body contracting violently. My pussy squeezed the invader for all it was worth.
As he started to slide in and out, my wetness and his size made it feel perfect. Each plunge in extended my orgasm. I covered my mouth so as not to scream.
He was moaning a little and thrusting hard. I had fucked enough guys in my life to know he was close.
It couldn't have been my blowjob skills. Good as I may be, I was not even given an opportunity. He must have gotten as turned on by watching me, as I had gotten by being watched.
This man stretched me out. Every thrust felt like he was cramming me full. It was fortunate that I came so quickly after he started. It probably would be starting to hurt otherwise. Even as I came down from my high a little, I still felt deliciously full.
He was long but wildly thick. I felt like I was getting fucked by a baseball bat.
I had never experienced anything like this. I had a few guys who were really long. They left my cervix sore as they poked through it with each thrust. He was getting deep but I felt stretched out beyond capacity.
My orgasm was just subsiding when he went over the edge. I shrieked into my hand as he drove all the way into me. He was massive and I felt almost as if I was split open.
Wrapped around his cock, my pussy was still contracting slightly. My voyeur started to throb. I felt every pulse. It went on for several seconds and I assumed that was him coming inside me.
Boy, was I wrong. That had not even started yet.
When the first jet of cum shot out of his dick into me, it felt like it was blowing off the top of my head. It was steaming hot, powerful and voluminous. I could feel it all the way down my pussy, squishing between his giant cock and me. I gasped as the second volley filled me.
I have no idea how it happened but I started to come again. I rarely came once from getting fucked. This one was out of nowhere. Maybe the first one had not really ended and this was a delightful continuation. Who cares.
This man filled me and then some. His load ran down my crack. I could feel it pouring past my asshole. Each shot sprayed out of me and onto his balls as my body squeezed him. I was moaning continuously as I came even harder than the first time.
He just kept coming and it just kept me going. I squeezed his shoulders involuntarily, holding on for dear life as he kept pumping his thick, hot jizz into my body. It felt magical and I wanted it to last forever.
As we both came down a little, I thought to myself about what a dirty little slut I had been. I smiled a little as he looked down at me.
"You're welcome. You may go now," he whispered, smiling back.
He got up and walked away quietly, leaving me lying spent on the couch. I could feel what was left of two loads of cum still trickling from my hole, onto the floor.
After catching my breath a little, I got up and pulled my panties on. My purse was sitting on the floor near the door. Seeing that, I balled up my bra and put it away. The dress I was wearing had a little support. That was going to have to do it.
My mind was buzzing as I walked down the hall, tapping and swiping to get a ride home. It was difficult to think straight. I had just taken two guys.
The last one fucked my brains out. That thought felt literal.
As I waited for the elevator and opened my purse to put away my phone, I noticed a little slip of paper near the top that I had not put there. It was an old gas receipt.
On the back was written, "Call me when you need more, Vince Voyeur," and a phone number.
Two party favors in one night. That was quite an amazing experience. Better yet, Vince was definitely going to get a call.
Probably though, it was going to be in about six weeks, after I could make an appointment and get on birth control. There was no way I was going to stop myself from letting him take anything he wanted.