Disclaimers:
The editing is my own so that is on my head.
It is advisable to read the previous 9 parts to get some context.
There is cheating, cuckoldry and incest in this sordid tale. You have been warned.
----------------------------------------------------------------
Lair of the Incubus Part 6:
Mike's Perspective:
I had observed the subtle but obvious changes in Erica. She was beginning to give me a lot of lectures about what I should be doing. She had initially nagged me about continuing the holiday and leaving the Castle but then she stopped nagging me about it totally. She had even stopped nagging me about having sex with other sluts and gave up the hurry about leaving Castle Shee.
Erica had also taken to locking her room door at the Castle and it irked me that I couldn't detect her any longer or read her mind. Seonaid and Eilidh had chased me away from Erica's door more than once telling me that she needed to rest and to meditate if she was to aid in my healing. I didn't trust anything they told me though despite their educating me on how to drink and feed on psychic, mental and sexual energies that people gave off 24/7.
I did feel progressively stronger though after two weeks of intermittent and very dirty sex with Erica. It was the kind of sex that I always hoped to have with her but not in the present circumstances. I would want to own and posses her totally each time we fucked as that was the effect she had on me but I knew she was now a free agent in all things sexual. I knew she wanted me to accept Shee and share her with him but that wasn't going to happen. The desire or need for cold blooded revenge hadn't dissipated any in me.
I was surprised the day that I told her that I was going to leave. She just packed her stuff up without protest and had me move it to the car. I could have sworn that she had wanted to stay there even more than I did and I was wrong. It was annoying that I couldn't read her mind or predict her moods any longer. I noted that she had acquired two suitcases of gear since we had been there.
The fantasies of Erica having sex with other blokes had stopped though. I was relieved at that. She had told me she was still having them and quite often. It was obvious that I couldn't detect them or share them like I had been. That might have been a relief though.
It was Erica that seemed to have things organized from her perspective and not mine but I guess there was no real out if I was to get back the life force and the psychic, mental, emotional and sexual energies that Shee had stolen from me. I suppose she had been right in her reasoning that the sooner I turned into a full on Incubus the sooner I could defeat Shee and take everything that was his from him.
Erica told me as I started up the car engine.
"I know where there will be good feeding for both of us. It is just a few hours drive north and west of here. Roddie, Jack and Dan are all in close proximity. I think they will be good feeding for me and thus you when I have drained them of their psychic, mental, emotional and sexual energies to feed to you.
I will take a little life force from each of them but just a little since I know how to do it without killing them totally. Well there has to be a price to pay for their lust and their fucking me. They can't have this succubus slut for nothing Mike. You will have to watch of course and I can use my powers on them to get them to let you watch if they don't agree to it.
Seonaid said you would know what you needed to do to get healthy again and get back the lost life force and lost energies. You might not like it Mike but it is the only way and you know it. I owe you at least that. I owe you that for the way I behaved."
I thought ruefully about how fuckin sexy she was but also about how relentless she was when she wanted something. She would be reading as I drove. I didn't need to ask I suppose as she smiled.
"It is the first book in a trilogy of books that Shee gave me. They are in Welsh. I understand nearly every word of it. It is also hard core filth about basically an Incubus becoming a King of all Incubi. I suppose that is what he dreams about. I think he identifies with the main male character well he did write it.
It won't make the great books lists any time ever I suppose but it is entertaining. I can see elements of both of us in here in some of the characters. I see a plot where he overthrows his father and grandfather and even defeats some of his uncles and his brothers to gain the mystical throne.
He even has to battle some of his sons to gain that mythical throne. He thinks it will somehow renew his fertility. It is like I said it is entertaining. I suppose you could classify it as a modern fantasy pot-boiler. I like it. I should check it out to see if there are translations into English done since I have seen you reading pot-boilers in the past."
I replied.
"I think I will give it a miss since I plan to skin the author alive and feed him his huge dick."
Erica just giggled.
"You might learn something about him that will help you defeat him."
I sighed.
"I doubt it. Well pot-boilers aren't meant to be educational or particularly informative are they."
She just sighed.
"Please yourself but the characters are all people you would recognise. His character has a protagonist that is sort of like you and he even fucks one of his virginal daughters and that character is going to fuck a lot more of them. I guess the lead female is a bit like me."
I shrugged.
"I guess you can provide a spoiler summary and tell me how it all works out."
She gave me a glint.
"I think you know how it turns out as he wrote it and it probably goes badly for you and every other male that gets to fuck me in the book. I am only up to the point where he meets me and fucks me behind your back taking my virginity. I better leave you to drive before you crash the car."
It wouldn't take me long to find the spot where we would wild camp. Erica told me that Roddie had a car and could find it no bother. She also told me that Dan, Jack and Ian all had cars and could find the spot easily as well. We didn't really need to load up on supplies as we had raided the Castles fridges and stores.
It didn't take long to set up our camp since we would be close to the car. The weather continued to be generous to us. I couldn't fail to notice Erica getting excited at the prospect of getting a new cock to fuck. She would phone Roddie when our camp was set up and ready.
The dick hadn't forgotten her as Erica was unforgettable if not stunningly memorable with her sexy looks. She told me that she had sent some pics of herself topless and shots of her tight ass in skimpy shorts. That would draw him to her even if he had by some unlikely chance forgotten her.
It wouldn't take Roddie long to get there either. He was a hound on a leash of Erica's making. Erica didn't need to use any of her succubus powers on him either as he was an exhibitionist who thought he would be getting one over on me. I suppose he was in one sense. He was also partial to Shee's special weed and to Shee's special liquor. The combination would keep him hard for hours possibly without Erica having to use any of her powers.
He had such an arrogant disposition about him I wonder what Erica would do to him. He had Shee's same smug looks when he looked at me as he made out with Erica. I think if it hadn't been for Seonaid and Eilidh teaching me to control my temper I would have smashed his face in as well as feed him his dick.
I was feeding on the psychic, emotional, metal and sexual energy emanating from them before he even had her kit off. His lust was strong as was hers. Erica was giving me wanton looks even during the foreplay she insisted on. She was controlling the pace of the sex. Erica got a kick out of seeing a tent pole in my pants. Her eyes were so damned hypnotic as well.
I think he had some momentary doubts about having an audience. But Erica giggled telling him.
"It's okay Roddie. Mike likes to watch, he is a voyeur. I am a dirty slut that he can't keep fed. He won't do anything and he isn't gay. His dick is raw from all the fucking we have been doing. He doesn't even mind you fucking me bareback and cumming in me. We have all night to fuck Roddie."
Erica was breathing audibly even before he had her naked and her legs spread.
"You are so strong and ripped Roddie. Just like Mike, I like that in a man."
She gasped as he pushed his dick against her pussy lips.
"Do it Roddie, stick it in me, fuck me stud, and fuck me hard. Give it to me big boy."
Erica gasped audibly when he penetrated her.
"Oh fuck yes Roddie, so big and so thick, oh yes Roddie."
He was fucking her hard in the missionary position and she had an ecstatic look on her face. She would play to his ego as I drank and fed on the energy being given off.
"I have wanted your cock in me since the first time I met you Roddie."
The egotistical bastard would just have to ask her.
"Is it bigger than his babe?"
Erica panted as she played to his ego.
"Fuck yes Roddie. It is so big and thick, fuck me good. Fuck me Roddie."
He gave me that smug gloating look that I had seen often enough from Shee. I didn't care at that point as a few weeks before he would have been bigger and thicker than me but my dick had miraculously grown. I edged him by an inch even if he was a match in girth now. Erica would be happy with his thick dick and his full tank and that he could keep it up to make her cum and several times.
He managed to hold out long enough to make her cum and she alerted him to it.
"Oh YES Roddie I'm cumming, fuck I'm cumming, FUCK Me Roddie, cum in me Roddie, cum in me. That's it cum in me. Oh yes cum in me, pump it into me Roddie."
He tensed and grunted and Erica giggled with delight.
"Oh yes Roddie that's it, give me your cum. Fuck so much cum."
He gave me that smug look that Shee had given me. I yawned.
Erica was delighted that he stayed hard in her after he had cum. The liquor and weed would do that to him but he wouldn't know that. I would feed on the energy given off by the sexual ecstasy.
He would remove his still hard dick from her to her protests before he raised her hips and had her arch her back before thrusting into her again. He was showing off how strong he was. Erica panted he approval.
"Oh fuck yes Roddie, fuck me hard."
The egotistical sod would also have to ask if he was the better fuck. Erica just panted.
"Oh fuck yes Roddie. Well if you can cum in me 8 times you will be."
She might kill him if he had to do that. I had no doubt the asshole would try though. Erica would have him try at least. He would cum in her in that position and thanks to the weed and the liquor he would stay hard in her yet.
He would fuck her doggy style next as that was another position she liked especially if he played with her tits and spanked her ass. He would cum in her in that position as she worked her hips to his hard and fast thrusts and her greedy pussy sucked on his dick. She would only let him rest after she had fucked him cowgirl and had him cum in her for a fourth time.
She would compliment him.
"You are every good at this Roddie. I bet you are very popular with the local sluts."
It wasn't a lie as she had cum several times. She didn't have to play to the exhausted stud's ego that time. She wasn't even close to finished with him either. Erica kept giving me wanton looks. It was the same wanton looks she gave me when Shee was fucking her. She also wanted me to take some pics of her getting fucked and also to film the event. I was strangely happy to oblige the slut.
Roddie would be fed more of Shee's weed and liqueur to get and keep him hard again. Erica wasn't going to use any of her succubus powers on him. She took a peculiar joy in seeing my dick was hard and rock hard as well. She also knew right then that I wanted to fuck her hard real bad. She would taunt and tease me with her eyes because she knew deep down that I wanted to be where that Roddie was right then.
The feeding on the psychic, mental, emotional ad sexual energy they were giving off just seemed to make me harder than ever. I felt as if she had put one over on me again with her lying cheating eyes.
His dick would slowly recover and she would get her tape measure out to record its length and girth for the diary of her seductions as she was going to call it though it wasn't hard work getting any bloke out of his clothes for her. She didn't need to seduce any of them. She would giggle.
"That is seven by seven Roddie that is a nice thick dick you have. I bet you are real popular with the sluts but I probably said that already. He would give me smug gloating looks as Erica proceeded to lick and suck his balls before giving the shaft of his dick the same treatment."
Erica would have him shoot a load over her face and tits and have me take a photo of it before she rubbed his cum into her skin. She giggled as she teased me with her dancing eyes.
"Fuck I like getting dirty with you Roddie. We should make this a regular thing when you go to university down south. Mike wont mind."
I thought Mike would mind and he would find his life being shortened like Shee's. Erica continued to lick and suck his dick to keep it hard for her pleasure. He would kneel in front on her so that he was now face to face with her and have her turn around and part her legs before he penetrated her pussy again. Erica would gasp at the hard thrust into her.
"Fuck yes Roddie. Play with my tits."
She would give me salacious looks as he thrust in and out of her. The tea spoon position as she had called it was one of her favourite positions to be fucked in by Shee. Erica would hide the look of unrestrained lust as Roddie drove her to more orgasms. The fucking in that position seemed to last for an age before he pumped more cum in her and that was what she really wanted. There would be a lot of face to face after play after they had both cum. She would play to his ego again.
"Fuck that was awesome Roddie. I came so much. We must do this a lot more in the future. I like the attention you give me."
His lust was obvious and Erica still hadn't used any of her powers on him. He would give me triumphant gloating looks as Erica stoked his ego. I would lick on the tendrils of the energy being given off. Erica would let him rest and recover up to a point before her insatiable appetite needed to be fed again. I knew I would kill him another time.
He would have her stand and then wrap her thighs and legs around his waist as he showed off his strength despite all the fucking he had done. Erica really liked getting fucked by Shee in that position. Shee could hold her in that position for an eternity driving her to orgasm after orgasm. Roddie would try to emulate that as Erica toyed with him and stoked his ego again.
"Fuck you are so strong Roddie. You have so much lust for me."
He would have to rest his arms sooner or later though and let her down but he would fuck her standing and in a reverse position so he could toy with her tits. He would fuck her in that position until his arms had recovered before reverting to the stand and carry position. Erica panted his name several times in her sexual oblivion.
She was slowly draining him of more than just his cum. His arms would weaken again and she would let him recover to the point where he could fuck her in that catch and carry position again. I could see there was another creature in Erica at that point in time. I could see she was more than human as she worked his dick in and out of her and giggled as she did so. He would cum again in her to her delight as she gave me a taunting wanton look. She stoked his ego again.
"Fuck you are the best fuck ever Roddie."
The succubus in Erica was a relentless creature as she lay on her back and invited the still rock hard Roddie to fuck her in the missionary position again. She would cum several more times as they swapped positions that she wanted to cum in. He was in an almost trance like state by then running on some kind of sexual auto pilot. Erica would eventually end up back in the missionary position as she wrapped herself around him panting.
"Fuck me Roddie, cum in me again."
She would have an intense orgasm as he grunted giving away that he was cumming again. As he did so Erica dug her nails into his back drawing blood in her orgasmic lust.
"Fuck yes Roddie. You belong to me now for all time. You are one of my stags for all time."
She giggled as he pumped the last of his cum into her and collapsed unconscious on top of her. She rolled him off of her and I nodded at him.
"Have you killed him?"
She giggled and beckoned me with her finger.
"No I didn't. He is fit young and strong. He will sleep for 8 hours and waken with raw dick and a bandy legged walk for maybe a couple of weeks."
I nodded again.
"Did you have to claw him?"
Erica gave me a dangerous look.
"Yes. It is what the succubus does Mike. They mark their stags physically and almost magically. It is a message to other sluts and Succubi that he belongs to me until I release him from that bond. I will need to feed regularly and he will be one of my chosen dicks. Now I must feed you what I took from him."
I asked.
"How much life force did you take from him?"
She gave me a look of intent.
"If he lives to be a hundred then I have taken maybe 30 months from his life. I took maybe double what I was going to because he was an egotistical arrogant bastard. Now fuck me and let me feed you the life force."
She would fuck me non stop for six hours drip feeding me the life force almost. I wasn't enamored at the sloppy seconds but after 5 minutes getting fucked by Erica I forgot all about that. She giggled about his ego.
"Your dick is now bigger than his, if he only knew but we won't be telling him a thing. I will keep him in the dark and ignorant. The next time I see him he will be even hornier and have an even bigger tank. He will be totally fucked by the time he is 25 though and I then will discard him. He will be a dried husk of what he might have been but that will be his own arrogant fault. You on the other hand I expect to get stronger and stronger and be what Shee was to me sexually."
I quizzed her.
"He is close isn't he slut?"
She sighed as she rested in my arms.
"I won't lie. Yes he is but I can't detect him so he isn't too close because you would detect him I think and then you would hunt him before you are ready to. He is as addicted to me as I am to him. Seonaid claims I have to fuck Shee to keep his strength down and take back what he stole from you. Can you turn a blind eye to that Mike?
Seonaid claimed that I have to do that. You will have no chance of defeating him if he gets stronger. He will wait until he thinks you are out of the way for several hours. I know he will. Can you let me be a slut with Shee till you turn into an Incubus and a strong one?
Thank you for Roddie. He is a very good fuck. He isn't as good as Shee but Roddie was a good feed. I liked being a total slut with Roddie. You kept your temper. Because you kept your temper you will be slightly stronger tomorrow. I will be even more succubus and you will be more Incubus. That is the object of the exercise."
I knew she was going to ask me to let her fuck Shee again and she confirmed that he was close and possibly watching. I growled.
"Don't let me catch you will that Shee or I will kill him regardless of any potential good that letting you be with him theoretically brings. My gut tells me that I can't stand to let him live. Blood father or not, he must die. It is him or me."
She sighed.
"To get the needed energy from any other cocks I have would have to fuck maybe 4 or 5 or more of them in quick succession to feed you what I could feed you after fucking Shee. That is the raw arithmetic of it Mike. Fucking me also slowly weakens him.
To Irini, Mairi and Tanitha you are now their King and the father of their unborn. Fucking them also weakened you. It took some of your life force to breed them Mike. Shee is my King Mike. It is all in that novel. He will have to feed on other sluts to get back what I took from him.
If he is fucking me he can't feed on others in theory. He wont have the energy or the cum to. You will get slowly stronger as he slowly weakens. He is also not as young as he was. Well that stands to reason.
Seonaid said the Council will only strip him of his power anyway. It is best that you get what his grandfather and father and that Council of Incubi would take from him according to their laws."
I growled.
"That is enough of that slut. I will not listen to any more of your scheming whore."
She would rub her pussy off of my hip bone and giggle.
"Yes I am a whore and a slut bu5t I am a succubus and I am having so much fun. You have to live with what I am now Mike and what you will become. Embrace it Mike. Become the King of the Incubi and the Succubi."
I was glad to see the back of Roddie when he woke and left. He left walking bandy legged and very slowly. He looked glad to escape the ravenous Erica. The next day it would be Dan who would be her victim and there was no other way to describe it. He was also another 7 by 7 cock but she could only get him to cum 7 times before he collapsed totally on her.
The day after that it was Jack that got the treatment and he was another 7 by 7 cock that she could only get to cum 7 times. I thought no wonder they had the confidence to hit on her but perhaps she had been sending them signals with her eyes. When she was getting fucked she had the most expressive dancing eyes. I could see there was no limit to her sexual appetite or so it seemed.
The day after she had fed on Jack she thought she might have won the lottery with Iain who had an 8 by 7 dick. That made her even more lustful if that was possible but to her disappointment if not annoyance he would only cum six times in her. He had less in his tank.
She would only take what she considered one year of life force from Dan, Jack and Iain respectively as they hadn't behaved like total arrogant pricks in front of me. In fact they had been pleasant and polite about me letting them fuck Erica.
Her marking them all though meant that none of them would be getting any pussy unless it was hers. They would all have very full tanks the next time she preyed on them and none of them would be wasting any energy or cum by wanking either. She seemed content to give it a rest fucking after fucking 4 studs in 8 days stroke nights though. It was 4 times I had to put up with sloppy seconds.
It was time to move north again it seemed she agitated for it. Her next victim was another 7 by 7 bloke called Frank. She took 30 months of life force from him because he turned out to be another arrogant prick who wanted to breed her and make a total cuck of me. She was impressed that I didn't kill him. He had only cum in her 6 times though to her annoyance.
She was also disappointed to find a bloke called Neil who was only 6 by 6 in the dick department and had only cum 6 times. She wouldn't mark him. He just didn't measure up it seemed. The same was true for a bloke called Mal. He was another 6 by 6 dick who only came in her six times. She was a little cranky after Mal and Neil. She took 30 months of life force from each of them because she wasn't going to be fucking either of them again.
Erica's mood would improve when she fed on a guy called Stu as he was an 8 by 7 find and he would cum in her 7 times. He would get marked. She didn't take any life force from him even though he had been an arrogant prick as well. I thought he looked a bit like that cunt Shee but he wasn't. Erica thought he might be an Incubus. She would ask Seonaid and Eilidh about him.
It had been 8 dicks she had fucked and drained in the space of 14 days. She decided on taking a rest from them at that point. She told me she thought she sensed Shee close by a couple of times when she was fucking Stu. I think she liked that Stu despite him being an arrogant prick in relation to me. I kept my temper though. For all that she liked fucking they weren't Shee. She risked telling me that despite the fact it might anger me.
It annoyed me that Erica didn't drain any life force or energy from that arrogant cunt Stu. I would surely kill him at some point in the future. I marked him for killing in the future just as Erica had marked him as her property. I wasn't going to suffer him to live either.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Erica's Perspective:
Erica hadn't really wanted to leave the Castle as she had come to know it. Well not when she had contacted Shee again and knew he was close. Her plans just left her head when she was with him.
Erica was also surprised that Mike had agreed to her fucking 8 different guys in 14 days. She was even more surprised that he had kept his temper about it. She was sure he would lose it but he hadn't. Erica was just as surprised when he accepted sloppy seconds as she fed him.
Erica analyzed that Mike had really kept his temper in check with Roddie and with Stu who she really liked fucking just because he looked a little like Shee. It was the case that he was naturally strong and stronger than Roddie. He might even be a close physical match for Shee if Shee didn't have those powers though. It had all been just sex though and there had been none of the emotional content she had felt with Shee. She couldn't afford to get emotionally involved with any of the. Mike or Shee would surely put an end to them if she did that.
Erica had also been surprised that Mike had generally kept his temper in check when she raised Shee in the topics of conversation as she endeavored to soften him up in relation to Shee. It seemed to be a tactic that was slowly but surely working. Erica had been expending some of her powers in relation to achieving that end.
It was 14 days in which she felt Mike getting a little bit stronger as she fed him the life force she had stolen from the guys she had fucked. Seonaid told her that she should steal just little amounts from each of them. It would not only aid Mike's healing but her transformation into a full adult succubus without turning into a vampiric one.
It was 14 days in which she devoured the trilogy of books Shee had given her. He had pretty much given away his long term game plan in letter her read those books. He hadn't killed the equivalent of Mike's character in those books though. He had killed others but not the equivalent of Mike's character. There was no equivalent Steve character in the books to blindside Shee though. In fact if there had been no Steve she might be blindsiding him with Stu right then.
The trilogy seemed to parallel Shee's life and his present infertility as well. Erica was enamored with the idea of being a succubus Queen and the power she might potentially have over others and men in particular except her King who would be immune to her charms and wiles. The trilogy mentioned the transformation of the Incubus King and Succubus Queen into blood and life sucking vampires.
Erica had used a little bit of her powers to make sure Mike was sleeping when she spoke to Steve on the phone and to send him sexy if not pornographic pics of her. He told her he had wanked off to a few of them even the ones that had cum leaking from her pussy. He had found those shots really hot. He was insanely jealous of the guys she had told him about as well. She liked that he had got jealous as well.
Erica felt she needed to slowly manipulate Mike and Steve into position where she wanted both of them and they had no way out. She also had to manipulate Shee into a position where she controlled events. She was also getting a little bit stronger. She felt some of her powers were getting stronger with all the fucking she had been doing or was it a result of the blood she had exchanged with Shee.
Erica was also discovering what Seonaid had called her developing proximity range in which guys would get real hard and lust for her. That was also the range at which she could influence men mentally without using her powers. That proximity range varied according to how strong she felt or how awake she was. Inside that range Mike was calmer and hornier for her ironically.
They would be 14 days in which Erica would use some of her powers to get Mike to sleep long enough so she could read the Tome of Banished Transformations. She had progressed to reading the sixth and seventh chapters and endeavoring to consign them to her memory long term.
It was during that 14 day fuck festival that her mother had provided more names of boys who might be half brothers. The names of Geraint Roth and Rolf Sandman were added to the list of potential half brothers. Mike's mother would add another two in Max Reeder and Tag Shaw. It was yet another 4 boys that had left their particular neighborhood years before.
Erica would point out.
"Uhmm Mike. Shee has put more money into our accounts. Well he has put money into mine at least. I now have a six figure sum of money in mine. We might be very rich. It might also be his way of saying sorry to us and you in particular."
Erica could see Mike gritting his teeth and clenching his fists. She changed the subject fast.
"We could use some of that money to hire a private detective Mike to track down our missing half brothers. They would be good feeding for me and I could become a succubus faster and you could heal faster and become an incubus so much faster as well."
Mike gritted his teeth again.
"There will be no feeding on Steve slut."
Erica played the coquette.
"Okay I promise not to feed on him Mike. But you aren't against us tracking down the rest of our possible half brothers in principle are you? You know it makes sense Mike. We might as well put that money to good use don't you think. I expect you to put your sound business brain on Mike. It is a least 11 half brothers that the detective would have to track down. Put your brain in gear and indulge me for a moment.
It wouldn't be a waste of the money. Well I don't think so. I wonder if Stu isn't a half brother as well. I might be hoping that he is as he was the best fuck out of the 8 of the guys and he had a real bad effect on me. You might have noticed. I definitely want to fuck him again and soon. Well that is as soon as he has full sperm tanks again. I want to fuck him for the pleasure of it Mike and not to steal life force or any energy from him. Well I didn't so I suppose I did fuck him for the lust I had in me for him."
Erica wouldn't admit that she felt as if she was floating when Stu had fucked her. It felt a bit like Shee was fucking her. She hoped that it was a case of like father and like son because Mike wasn't at that point and probably not close to it either. She worked to hide her thoughts from even her face and eyes.
"I would be stealing life force from Shee to feed it back to you. I wouldn't be fucking him for pure pleasure like I would be fucking Stu. Shee owes you that life force. The sooner he gives it back the better don't you think. He might go hunting out other of our half brothers to steal life force from them instead. It is something for you to think on and you can't think straight when you are angry.
Oh and I hope you aren't going to go gung ho on Stu even if he is an arrogant prick. I like him."
It would be two weeks to the day that they left the Castle when Seonaid phoned. It was like a coded phone call. Erica would sigh.
"I better answer the question before you ask it but no I haven't seen Shee. He is hardly likely to approach me when Mike is about. I wouldn't tell anybody if I had seen him anyway I suppose. Well certainly not Mike since Mike I think still wants to kill him. Well I and Mike are getting on better after what I did with Shee and he is getting healthier and stronger. I have a lot of bad to undo.
Shee had plenty of opportunity to approach me when we were at the Castle and Mike was ensconced in one of your psychic Faraday cages Seonaid and he didn't. Mike wouldn't have known he was near. He wouldn't have known if Shee was fucking me. Shee stayed away to my fuckin annoyance by the way. Can't you tell your son that I need a good fucking? He owes me that."
Seonaid protested.
"I don't know where he is to tell him anything of the kind. He owes giving back to Mike what he stole from him."
Erica replied.
"Yes he does. Now I have a question for you Seonaid. I had fantastic sex with a boy called Stu Gauld who looks a bit like Shee. Is he a half brother by any chance? If anybody knows it might be you."
Seonaid replied laughing.
"No he isn't half brother but he is a cousin of yours. He is the youngest son of Draig who is Shee's younger brother or one of them. His blood father has no contact at all with him and I think this Stu won't know about his blood connections either. It is a small world."
Erica groaned.
"Well that is Frikkin great. The best sex I am getting is with blood relatives. I don't suppose this Stu can knock me up either. Well at least Mike is having sex with me again so that is progress. I will probably do or say something to piss him off again though. I have a talent for being dumb like that."
Seonaid advised.
"Well if you don't want to piss Mike off I suggest you move well out of range of that Stu. I don't think you want him to be reminded of Shee do you. Oh and Stu would also be at risk from Shee if Shee is going beyond our laws.
Taleisa and Dawn who are two more of Shee's virginal daughters have shown up here. There is only one thing on their minds well two maybe and that is fornicating and breeding."
Erica replied.
"Your advice is noted. We will be on the move before the day is out anyway. I don't want those virgin exhausting him when I am trying to heal him and get him strong again. I suggest those virgins go into hiding if the rest of the clan is going to appear."
Mike was curious after Seonaid hung up. Erica told him.
"The inquisitors and hunters have turned up at the Castle. Word has got out that you have impregnated Irini, Tanitha and Mairi. Well they eventually had to tell their mothers they were pregnant and to whom. Those inquisitors and hunters are as interested in you as they are Shee right now. Possibly more interested in you since you got three Succubi pregnant. Seonaid was warning me. Well she is our blood grandmother and loyalty in her case is to blood first.
I don't think you have the luxury of time to heal now Mike. You have to heal faster. You have to become an Incubus faster now. The inquisitors and hunters were listening to that call. They represent interests hostile to us. I do not believe those fuckers will let you heal properly or quickly Mike. The last thing they want is a fertile incubus to challenge them for the available virgins even if you don't want to do that. It is up to you what you want to do next.
We definitely don't want to be going back to that Castle. Oh and those virgins might just kill you. They are full on Succubi. The other Incubi don't want you getting any more power Mike."
Erica had to play one card sooner than she wanted to.
"I am Shee's daughter and you impregnated two of them already. They will think me fertile as well. I need you to get your shit together Mike. I don't want to fall into the clutches of nasty ugly infertile fuckers with no escape routes."
Erica would continue her games and manipulations on Mike to get him going in the direction of travel she wanted him going in metaphorically and literally. She gave him an impish look.
"I know where there are three more males on my phone list Mike. That is if you don't mind going north again. What about hiring a Private Detective now Mike? You could use one to trace Shee if you wanted even if I didn't like that. I can't stop you spending your money the way you want to spend it."
Mike had replied.
"Well we are going to help our families pay off their mortgages first even if our mothers turned out to be cuckolding sluts. We can't say anything to the men who we thought were our fathers either. I like the man I thought was my old man so I am going to help him out at least.
We can split the money on the private detective we hire. I won't waste any chasing Shee because I think he won't find him. I don't think any could find him but maybe we need to find our missing half brothers although I am not convinced that idea is a good one."
Erica would take her small victory on Shee.
"Okay I can live with that. Your suggestion we help our families is a good one. I should have thought of it. Oh and thank you Mike for letting me become the succubus slut. I keep telling you I will make it up to you somehow but I have no idea how yet.
Oh and thank you for not losing your temper with Stu. I know he was an arrogant prick Mike but I liked fucking him most of all."
Mike would drive a few hours north again to where we would be close to those cocks Erica wanted to fuck or at least felt she had to fuck. Alex turned out to be only 7 by 7 and he would only cum in her six times which was nowhere near enough for the cum hungry succubus Erica was becoming.
Bill and Rick turned out to be only 7 by 6 inch dicks and could only muster up to cumming in her six times. It was unsatisfactory sustenance from Erica's point for view. She stole only 12 months life force from each of them. She thought that none of the three of them were strong in life force.
Erica would let Mike know that it was unsatisfactory sex and feeding after Shee and even Stu or Roddie. She needed to fuck and feed on Shee or maybe her half brothers if Mike was going to get stronger faster. Mike getting stronger and healthier was painfully slow in her eyes. She would also have to expend energy on manipulating Mike into letting her have sex with Shee again.
Erica had let slip that Taleisa and Dawn yet two more of Shee's virginal daughters had shown up at the Castle. Erica knew that Mike liked knocking up Shee's daughters and breeding them. It was another card of manipulation she could use on Mike. Erica would introduce the idea.
"You should impregnate Taleisa and Dawn as it would make them two more allies for you against Shee and Seonaid and Eilidh would owe you more as well I think Mike. Well you knocked up three Succubi and they are totally loyal to your now. We can't have enough allies since we are both going to be hunted and I don't think they will give up the hunt easily.
Seonaid did say that Irini's, Tanitha's and Mairi's respective mothers are Succubi and they are now allies as well. You knocking up their daughters got us allies whether we deserved them or not."
Erica would spend a little bit of the energy she gained keeping Mike calm and less murderous in mentality. She would expend energy getting him to accept Shee fucking her. Erica also thought she made good arguments for it. Erica also thought he would get a kick out of impregnating Taleisa and Dawn. Eilidh was going to brief those still virgin sluts on how to be around Mike. They wouldn't be allowed to drain him the same way that Irini, Mairi and Tanitha had. It was all about survival to Eilidh and ensuring there would be a new generation of Incubi and Succubi.
Erica would use a little bit of her mental and psychic energy in getting Mike to agree eventually to impregnating Taleisa and dawn even though he had never met them and thus had never seen them. She had Seonaid send photographs of the two young succubus sluts. Erica sensed that Mike liked the look of them.
Erica prevailed upon Mike to move north to the next of Seonaid's Faraday cages, where they would also rendezvous with the wanting mother to be Taleisa three days later. Taleisa had to make sure she wasn't followed. Erica was instantly jealous of her when Mike took her to the tent and began fucking Taleisa. The lust and affection that Mike showed for Taleisa only made Erica more jealous. Taleisa was almost a double for her but then she was a half sister. Erica had to suffer Taleisa for three days. Mike would tell her that she had brought those feelings of jealousy on her own head.
Erica was glad to see the back of the once virginal Taleisa who was then pregnant. It was another virgin that Mike got. She noticed Mike was also weaker after creating a new life with Taleisa. Erica had to feed Mike to replace what he had lost. Taleisa had at least left more of Shee's demon weed and wine which might come in useful. Taleisa told her that she owed her one for the baby.
Erica would have to feed Mike again a week later after he had taken Dawns virginity and impregnated another half sister. It was another virgin half sister getting herself pregnant to and draining Mike. Dawn had hugged her as well for letting her have Mike. Erica had refrained from all dicks during Mikes interludes with Taleisa and Dawn. She had even refrained from teasing Steve. Erica decided she needed to do something to make herself feel better about her self.
Erica had fed sexually on two more contacts on her phone list but they turned out to be disappointing all round in that they had small cocks and not much in the tank and she hadn't replaced those mental, psychic, sexual and physical energies she had used it to feed Mike and she had told him so and he had responded by saying.
"Shee is off limits and don't even ask. You wanted me to breed Taleisa and Dawn and you got that wish. I suppose I should thank you for that but thank you doesn't include Shee. I did notice you didn't mark that Conn or Ken. I have allowed to have bareback sex you no less 13 other men. Quite a few of those men had nothing but contempt for me. I haven't forgotten that.
My generosity does not extend to Shee who was in the process of murdering me. Taleisa and Dawn at least had the decency to thank you for letting them borrow me for three days each. Perhaps that Seonaid can give you some advice on how to replace what was stolen from me. I take it that the process of healing me is slower than you wanted or hoped for. You will have to suck it up slut.
I do have one question that you need to put to Eilidh and Seonaid and that is how I it that I am fertile to the succubus when Shee and company as in the Incubi collectively aren't? It doesn't add up. I have now bred 5 of the Incubi but each of them has left me weaker."
Erica would phone Seonaid and tell her of the present situation and not to send any more virgins for Mike to breed until he was a lot stronger. Seonaid would tell her how she might get a little better feeding but she wasn't going to like it or maybe she would.
To Be Continued soon I hope...........................................................................................