2020 was a hard year on a lot of people, but it was particularly bad for my sister, and it started right off the bat. The guy Kelly had been having a multiyear affair with lived in their suburban, gated community and was therefore invited to their New Years Eve party. Her side piece had way too much to drink and got so jealous seeing my sister kiss her husband at midnight that he punched a hole in a wall and proceeded to make an epic scene.
Everybody at the party was able to piece together what was going on, despite most of them being in the bag at that point. That meant that both of their marriages pretty much imploded before all the confetti had landed in Times Square. What was bad for him was way worse for my sister though. The guy she was cheating with owned his own contracting company and, while he was headed for a divorce, at least he was still employed.
Kelly's father-in-law was the pastor at their mega-church and she worked for her mother-in-law at a company that was an offshoot of the church. As soon as her affair was public knowledge her world got really small, really fast. By the end of January, it was obvious that her mother-in-law was working towards firing her. After years of positive employee evaluations, they began to find fault with everything she did.
By the end of February, she had not only gotten her pink slip, but her husband had given her an ultimatum to move out of the house or face a much messier divorce. It was a bold move on his part, mostly because Kelly knew for a fact that Wayne was a closeted gay man. He had as much, if not more, to lose than she did, but if he had cheated, he had done a better job of keeping it quiet and in their insular community that's all that really mattered.
On March 10th of 2020 they jointly filed for divorce and put forth an "agreed upon" custody agreement for Reagan, their 16-year-old daughter who hadn't even spoken to Kelly since New Years Day. Kelly was unemployed, homeless, and essentially shunned by everyone in her life. To make things go more smoothly the Reverend had advised Wayne to essentially pay Kelly off, so while she had nowhere to lay her head, she did have Almost $83,000 in a newly opened solo bank account. It was way less than she probably could have gotten if she had gone into a Texas court with proof that her husband hadn't touched her in almost a decade, and that he had troves of gay porn stashed on hard drives that she had uncovered.
Despite all of this, when I talked to her on the phone on the morning of March 11th, she sounded up beat. She had a flight out of Houston later that afternoon to come visit our mother in Maryland and she said she'd even make the trip into the big, bad city to visit her little brother while she was in the area.
"What's your long-term plan?" I asked, actually curious and not needling her.
"I have no idea. I sure as hell didn't think I'd be starting over at 42, so I never really put any time into thinking about it. I thought Wayne and I would go on playing like we were the good little Christain couple for years to come."
"Well don't rush it. You've been through a lot and I'm sure you'll figure it out. You've always been the smart one in the family."
"Now I'm the slut of the family. Mom actually said 'Oh Kelly, how will we ever live this down?' as if she's ever going to visit The Stables or North Pointe any time soon."
"I always forget, is The Stables the name of the church, or your hoity-toity gated community?"
"Wise ass."
"Sorry, I never really understood how you stood it there."
"In the beginning I convinced myself I was happy. Wayne was a lot of fun to be around in college, and even for the first few years of our marriage."
"Until he started sucking cock" I interjected, as a little good-natured ribbing, hoping it would come off that way.
"Allegedly. You've got to say allegedly. If the good pastor is tapping my phone, I could lose my "windfall" because of the NDA I signed."
"I was just joking Kel. But I'll be more careful on the phone." I said, actually contrite.
"Shit, I must be more screwed than I realized if you thought I was being serious. I'm sure they're happy to be done with me and won't spend much more time thinking about me."
As it turned out Kelly's bigger problem (aside from her truly awful timing) was our own mother. They were always going to end up at each other's throats staying together for a few days, but then COVID hit and shut everything down and it turned into almost a month.
By the start of April, she was already telling me she had to get out of there and on the 10th, I got a call from her begging me to come get her. Ever the good brother (and son, since my mom was also complaining to me about Kelly overstaying her welcome) I drove to my childhood home and picked my sister up.
The was the extent of the plan.
As we drove back over the Bay Bridge to my apartment in Baltimore, we joked about who was a bigger disappointment to Mom. Sure, I was twice divorced and childless fast approaching my 40th birthday, but at least I had a job I could do from home so I was still employed. Kelly was divorced, unemployed, and had managed to alienate my mother's only grandbaby.
When we walked into my apartment I said "it's really no problem Kel. Stay for as long as you need." and I meant it.
We settled into a routine very quickly which not only shocked our mother, who predicted we'd be at each other's throats after two days, but also would have shocked our younger selves. We fought quite a bit as kids, so much so that the happiest day for all of us had been when Kelly left for her freshman year of college, and then opted to stay down there for the summers after she met Wayne. I got to live out my last two years of high school without being in a fight every day, and mom never had to referee again.
I could see that Kelly was sad and a bit lost. I'm sure she missed Reagan even though she tried to play tough. She would read, write, do yoga, or ride my exercise bike while I worked, and, even though I told her she didn't have to, she also made me lunch and braved the crazy COVID shopping trips. I'd cook dinner and when we were done eating, we'd watch all our favorite 90's movies while having wine or smoking a joint.
At the end of the night, I'd head to my room and Kelly would bunk down on the couch which seemed like a fine set up at first. Right until the first time I heard a very distinct moan coming from my living room. Coming from my couch. Coming from my sister... coming. I'm certainly not saying there is anything wrong with grown woman rubbing one out, especially one who just got out of a sexless marriage but it's the last thing a guy wants to hear from his sister.
I didn't say anything about it the next morning, but I guess I was being short with her because she asked me what was wrong. I played it off as a work issue and that seemed to settle it for the time being, but then I was awoken by a yelp and panting that night. I decided that I had to say something so I opened the door and yelled out into my dark living room "hey, keep it down! Some of us have to work in the morning you know!"
But there was no response which really pissed me off since I thought we were well past the silent treatment of our childhood. I took a step further and from the improved angle I could see Kelly's face lit up by her screen and I understood what was going on. Also illuminated by her screen were her noise-canceling headphones. I thought for a minute of turning on the lights and scaring the shit out of her, but I decided instead to just turn my box fan on to drown out the sounds of her pleasure so I could get some sleep.
All this thinking passed through my brain in just a few seconds, but that was long enough for Kelly to bring her fingers to her mouth and suck them quickly before returning them back down out of my sight. I shook my head and turned for my room, frankly madder that she was getting off than that she was keeping me up.
I was never a fan of jerking off looking at a smart phone or a laptop. My usual routine was to close the blinds in my living room and plop down on my couch (the one Kelly was currently inhabiting) and cast to my big screen so I could jerk off as a single man should: with 98 inches of 4K screen! But I had only been able to do that once during her stay when Kelly was out for a run, and the whole time I was worried she'd pop through the front door before I could finish.
So, I went into my bedroom determined to bust a satisfying nut before going to bed that night. I opened my laptop and browsed around a few of my favorite sites till I found a big titted teen scene that looked like it was going to work for me. Naturally, my headphones were on my desk in the dining room so I put my laptop on the pillow next to me and started jerking off with the sound off.
Have you ever tried that? It's awful. My second wife abhorred porn so I often had to do it that way during our marriage and I really resented Kelly for putting me back in that position. As this plump teen was getting railed from behind and her tits were swaying, I noticed that she was talking quite a bit, and I really wanted to know what she was saying.
So, I turned the volume up to 10 and with the fan going I still couldn't make out the words. I was going to have to be sure to bring headphones in from now on! I raised the volume up to 50, hoping Kelly still had her noise canceling headphones on and finally I could hear the porn star's dirty talk. I rewound to take in the whole tableau: swinging tits, hair being pulled, slapping of pelvis on ass and the chick saying stuff like "I'm your good little whore. Use my cunt to please yourself, I'm just a cock-sleeve for you to fuck."
This was just the type of thing I needed. I turned the volume up to 80 and watched the remaining 20 minutes of the scene before erupting with my first truly satisfying orgasm in weeks. I cleaned up, hit my en suite bathroom and got a great night of sleep. So great that I didn't even say anything to Kelly in the morning about keeping it down during her "alone time" at night.
That night I did take my headphones into my bedroom and I was just about to try and find more videos with the big titted, dirty talker from the night before when I quite clearly heard Kelly talking out in the living room. I put my ear to the door and I could hear her clear as a bell.
"Oh fuck that's hot. She looks so fucking hot all filled up with cock like that. Oh god I want three cocks at once." she was practically shouting.
What the fuck was she doing? She had to know that I could hear her, didn't she? I know noise canceling headphones cause people to speak louder than they think they are but this was ridiculous. I grabbed my phone intending to text her "Hey can you keep it down" but as I was typing, she seemed to hit a crescendo.
"Fuck yes. Cover her in come!!! Come on her face and her tits and her ass. Yes, yes yes." she screamed before trailing off to just whimpers and moans.
I was livid. She had to be doing that on purpose.
I threw my headphones back on my dresser and cranked my volume to 100. I racked my brain for a second trying to think of a porn performer who I knew was really verbal before realizing that search bars existed for a reason. I typed "loud slut screams while getting pounded" into the search bar and although I shouldn't have been surprised, I got quite a few options to choose from.
I clicked on one with an alluring thumbnail and pulled my cock out and started stroking. Not only did the starlet in the scene scream, moan and talk dirty, but both guys fucking her kept up a non-stop barrage of insulting talk as well. In the end they all seemed to agree that she too was a worthless slut only good for taking come.
I honestly didn't love the scene, but I guess sibling rivalry never really goes away and I felt like I had the high ground since it was, after all, my place. I came much harder than I was expecting to while watching a scene that was more aimed at getting back at my couch surfing sister than turning me on. I thought it best not to spend too much time tugging at that particular string of thought and cleaned up for bed.
Just before I feel asleep, in a moment of post nut clarity, I was dreading the fight coming between Kelly and I the next day. Mom was right, it hadn't taken long for us to fall out.
The whole next day we were both very short with each other. After listening to my side of a conference call she said that my work sounded "made up" to which I responded by saying "At least I'm getting a check." I was mad at her, but I kind of regretted that as soon as I said it, but it still didn't lead to a full blown fight.
A band we both liked was doing one of those COVID streaming shows where they were all playing from their own beautifully appointed home studios so we sat there silently on the couch watching until I mumbled "good night" and headed for my room.
I wasn't even in my room for two minutes before I heard full volume porn coming from the living room. Kelly always could escalate a fight with the best of them! With the benefit of my sound bar I could hear more than moans and dirty talk, I could hear wet pussy sounds too. I'm sure my neighbors were gonna love that.
I opened my bedroom door to yell at her and she was sitting in my leather chair with her legs over the sides and a plug-in vibrator between her legs. She had even gotten an extension cord so it would stretch all the way to the chair. I was starting to understand why she had been kicked out of her last two places.
I turned to head back to my room and was just about to slam my door when I instead gave into my childish instinct to escalate. I turned on all the lights in my bedroom and sat on the edge of my bed stroking my cock while watching the same scene Kelly had on the big screen. It was amazing how clear everything was in 98 inches of 4K, even at that distance.
The scene wrapped up with a dripping cream pie and Kelly started scrolling the "you might also like" menu to pick what to put on next. She went right past a scene with the big titted porn star from the scene I watched the night this whole thing started. Without even thinking I said "hey go back to that one, I like her" like we were scrolling Netflix trying to choose with of our 90's movies to watch.
"This one? With this thick girl?" she screamed back over the sound of her Hitachi.
"Yeah, just put it on. She's good" I said, still stroking.
"Oh Pat, I didn't think you like them plump! Joan and Ellen were both ironing boards." she cackled, invoking my two very slender ex-wives.
"Whatever. My house my choice" I shot back as if we were having a regular fight between siblings not both openly masturbating in full view of one another.
"Fine." She said putting the controller down and licking her fingers again like she had the first night I saw her.
I craned my neck to try and be able to see her fingers as she slipped them between her legs but the arms of the chair blocked my view. Kelly's eyes were still locked on the TV, but she must have seen me watching through her peripheral vision. She pushed her pelvis up so it rose above the chair's arm and I could see that she had her middle and ring fingers buried in her hairy pussy while she held the Hitachi on her clit.
After a few moments of showing off her yoga core strength she slipped her ass back down in the seat without ever taking her eyes off the screen. And then we both just sat there 20 feet apart masturbating until that scene ended with a huge load on the starlet's tits.
"You're right. She was really good. I like how vocal she was." Kelly said while scrolling for more scenes with that porn star. She settled on a thumbnail that had four guys all standing in a circle around her while she was on her knees.
"Do you like blow bangs bro?" Kelly asked calling me bro for the first time in decades.
"Yeah, put it on." I said before adding "Sis!"
Kelly snorted like she used to when our father told a dumb dad-joke back in the day, and then added "Are you almost done? I'm getting tired and I don't know how much longer I can hold off."
"I'm ready to pop, let's do this" I said more enthusiastically than I intended to.
"If we're both close, I'm gonna skip ahead to the come shots, ok?"
"Yeah, do it"
And then the shot from the thumbnail was playing out on my big screen. The four guys were all standing over her as she begged to be coated with their come. The first guy popped and the first jet blasted her in the right eye before the subsequent ones fell across her nose and mouth. The second guy turned her face and he too coated her face from forehead to chin.
"Somebody come on those tits! Please!" Kelly groaned.
"Right?" I agreed.
Finally, guy number three took aim at her big, beautiful tits and while he was still coming the fourth guy joined in spraying truly massive amounts of come on her chest. I laid back on my bed and shot a rather prodigious load myself, with the first spurt flying over my own head and on to the bedspread before the next few fell on my chest, stomach, and pubic hair.
As I sat up, I heard Kelly shuddering through an orgasm of her own and saw her legs pointed straight up in the air. She had mercy on my neighbors and muted the tv and suddenly the apartment was quiet except for the sound of two middle aged siblings panting after an hour-long mutual edging session.
I was going to call out good night, or say something snarky about cleaning up my chair but I was suddenly mortified at what we had just done. Instead, I got up and just silently closed my door before heading to my bathroom to clean up. I looked at myself in my mirror and realized that I had come way more than I had in a very long time, and that didn't even include the first bit that whizzed by my head.
I tried not to think about it as I used half a roll of scarce COVID era toilet paper cleaning myself up, but the guilt and shame didn't go away as I tried to sleep. I laid there awake for hours and hours and actually saw the sun come up, but eventually I did fall asleep.
I was awoken at 8:48, almost an hour after my start time, by Kelly with a knock on the door. "Hey, are you working today or what?" She shouted through my door.
I bolted out of bed and rushed to get dressed before pausing at my door with my hand on the knob for a for a few seconds, trying to work up the courage to face Kelly. When I opened the door, I was surprised to see her on the couch looking bright and rested, eating a bagel.
"Good morning bro, I got bagels." She said, calling me bro again in an obvious nod to the previous night's activity. She didn't seem to be struggling with it they way I was.
"Uh, thanks. I better get logged in... but I'll have one later." I said feeling so awkward.
I logged onto my workstation and saw that I had missed the start of a conference call. I started aiming my webcam to join the call and Kelly got the hint and moved out the line of site, as we had agreed for all my pervious calls. I was having a hard time concentrating on the call when my cell phone buzzed with a text from Kelly reading "You still like onion, toasted with butter instead of cream cheese?"
I started to wonder if I had dreamed the events of the last three nights. Was she really taking my bagel order right now? Mere hours after I saw her fingers in her pussy? I texted back "Yeah, thanks" and tried in vain to focus on a very boring call. My phone buzzed again and now she was asking if I wanted coffee.
What the fuck?
I messaged a coworker in Slack and said I had to drop off the call because I had an emergency and after double and triple checking that I was disconnected and my mic was muted I decided to bring this whole thing to a head.
"Kelly!" I yelled walking into the kitchen to find her brewing me coffee just as the bagel popped out of the toaster. "What the hell?" I demanded
"What? I'm making you a bagel and coffee. Sorry for trying to be nice!"
"Nice? Are you fucking kidding me? After the shit you pulled the last few nights?"
"The shit I pulled? What are you talking about? You're the one who doesn't know how to use headphones!"
"What?!?" I was truly angry now. "What are you talking about? You started all this the other night!"
"Oh no I didn't. You were the one who was listening to porn without headphones as if I wasn't going to hear it or something. Your door isn't made of lead you know!"
"Yeah, but I only did that after you were out there moaning and yelping like a little slut two nights in a row! Noise canceling headphones only cancel the noise from the porn, not from your mouth you know!"
She opened her mouth as if to respond, but then a look of realization washed over her and she closed it. Then she did the craziest thing I had seen up until that point. She turned and took the bagel out of the toaster, put it on a plate and started buttering it without saying another word. I stood there sure that I was in a COVID induced fever dream when she finally turned and offered me the plate.
I slumped against the counter and took a bite. I was starving. I guess competitively jerking off with your sister and then getting no sleep works up quite an appetite. She poured the coffee and passed it to me, apparently also remembering that I took it black. I took the first sip and was trying to think of what to say next when I saw her stifle a laugh.
"What?" I demanded, more than a little pissed
"Mom and Dad always said we could never manage to play well together." she said before breaking down laughing, causing tears to roll down her cheek.
After a long pause I came back with "Well you were never respectful of my things, and they always took your side." which caused her to roll her eyes at me and walk out of the kitchen.
I took my coffee and bagel back to my desk and rejoined the call just in time to be able to comment on my area of expertise. When the call was over Kelly again kidded me about my job not making any sense and the rest of the morning went by as usual.
Kelly rode the exercise bike and made me lunch. We ate together making small talk like nothing had happened. At one point she laughed so hard I was concerned she was going to choke on what she had been chewing. I shot her an inquisitive look and she turned her phone to show me a text from our mother that read "Are you two still getting along?" which made me almost spit out my soda. She turned the phone again to show me her reply "yep. We're playing nicely together!"
She really seemed to be getting a kick out of the whole fucked up situation and it was destabilizing to me. I found myself wondering if I was overreacting because she was so laid back about it. I couldn't detect a hint of shame in her, nor had I the night before.
I went for a run right after work and I was so lost in thought that I made it from my place in Fells Point all the way around the harbor almost to Fort McHenry. I turned to head back, but by the time I made it about half way I was gassed and starving so I had to start walking. By the time I got back to the apartment it was almost dark. When I walked in, I saw the couch and chair empty and for a second, I thought Kelly might have taken advantage of my long absence to flee the scene of the crime.
While I was preparing a quick snack in lieu of dinner I heard the toilet flush in the half bath, so I headed to my room before she could come out. I finished eating while sitting in the same spot where I came the night before, only now the door was closed. As I took my last bite, I saw the dried stain I left behind on the bedspread and I tried to put a name to all my feelings.
There was a fair amount of shame but I had to admit there was more. Part of me found it all really funny, in an obviously fucked up kind of way. I also couldn't keep denying that it all was exciting too. I was so turned on sitting there jerking off at the same time as Kelly, probably more turned on than I had been in years.
I jumped in the shower and started toying with the idea of just staying in my room all night, so I didn't have to face Kelly again until the next morning. Maybe that's what I should have done, but after I dried off and got dressed, I opened my bedroom door without really thinking. Kelly was back in my chair, but fully clothed. I plopped down on the couch and figured I'd try and keep up the awkward normalcy we had been pushing all day.
"What do you want to watch?" I asked sheepishly
"It's your turn to pick" she shot back.
"No, it's yours" I said, with just a hint of bratty little brother intonation.
"No. I picked last night" she confidently replied, driving me nuts like when we were kids.
"Do you seriously not remember Kelly? The chick with the big tits? I asked you to play that scene? It was like 22 hours ago!"
"Yeah... I was talking about Ghost, dummy. You picked Tommy Boy two nights ago, and I picked Ghost last night." she responded triumphantly.
"Oh. Yeah. Right." I feebly mumbled, more mortified than ever.
"Paddy, this isn't a big deal. If you'd rather watch porn, we can watch porn. Remember when we used to watch soft core together?"
"Ah, yeah, but we didn't jerk off in front of each other, did we Kel?"
"So what? We both enjoyed last night, didn't we? I haven't come that hard in a long time, and from the amount you were huffing and puffing I'm sure it was better than normal for you too, wasn't it?
I felt like she was trying to trick me, like when she had talked me into putting a frog in my mouth when I was 11. But she was right. About everything. We used to love to watch softcore together when we were younger. I would program the VCR to record whatever had a nudity and sexual situations warnings in the movie blurbs in the back of the TV Guide. Then we'd watch stuff like Real Sex, Emanuelle in Space or Lady Chatterley's Lover after school before Mom and Dad got home.
And she was certainly right about enjoying it. I had tried to tell myself that I had come so hard because I had gone a few weeks without a really good wank, but I was just lying to myself. This crazy, fucked up situation had heightened it for me, and for Kelly too, obviously.
She jumped up and walked over to one of her suitcases cluttering my hallway and returned with her Hitachi. I was about to ask her where the extension cord was when she plugged it into the outlet by the end of the couch. Assuming she wanted the couch tonight I started to get up to head to the chair.
"No, stay where you are. It'll be like the backseat on our trips to North Carolina" she said while balling up my throw and putting it on the middle seat, just like our dad used to do with a bag or a folded up coat to separate us when we would fight on the long car ride.
I grabbed the controller and started to scroll through the porn thumbnails when Kelly reached across the invisible boundary and snatched it away from me. I gave her a "what gives?" look and she said "I picked Ghost, you picked big tits, remember? It's your choice for movies, my choice for porn." And I couldn't argue with her logic.
"Do you like fucked up shit?" She asked me while scrolling.
"Ah... yeah, obviously." I said motioning down to my hand on my cock three feet from my sister.
"You know what's funny? I really can't stand all the step-sibling porn." she said through a laugh.
"Oh my god! Me either! It's always so fucking lame." I agreed as Kelly pulled her leggings and panties down and off.
"I guess it's just not authentic enough for us, huh little bro?" she teased before clicking on a pegging scene.
She raised an eyebrow at me, almost as if she was challenging me so I spit on my finger and started rubbing my asshole with my left hand while stroking with my right.
"Ok. Pegging it is." she said with real glee in her voice while starting the scene and reaching for her Hitachi. "Fuck, she looks so hot in that strap on. Did either of the former Mrs. O'Connor's ever peg you?" she teased again.
"Ellen didn't take my name, dummy" I answered which was only slightly better than "I'm rubber, you're glue" would have been.
"Oh yeah. I forgot. I'm sure you won't be surprised to know that Wayne would always talk about it when he was drunk."
"Ha! Of course, he did! Damn, it's one thing when they take those huge dildos in their asses but I'm always amazed when these guys can deep throat them too." I observed turning to see Kelly putting her two fingers in her mouth again.
She saw me watching her and spent a few extra seconds sucking on her fingers while staring daggers back at me. She pulled her wet fingers from her mouth and a glistening strand of spit stretched from them to her lips. I followed her hand down to her pussy and watched as she slowly penetrated herself. When I moved my gaze back up to her face she was still watching me, watching her.
We kept looking at each other for a few seconds until the woman on screen with the strap on rained slaps down on the dude's ass drawing our attention back to the porn and away from our little incestuous peep show. Soon the woman on screen was fucking the guy in missionary and jerking his cock to a massive come shot.
"Anal?" Kelly asked above the ever-present buzz of her wand.
"Huh?" I asked.
"I'm in the mood to see a chick take a big cock in the ass. You game?"
"Yeah. For sure. Look for a chick with big tits though. I love when they get fucked in doggy and their tits swing like that. Gets me every time."
When I turned to punctuate this point, Kelly was pulling her shirt off giving me my first look at her ample chest. My cock throbbed in my hand as I waited for her to finish taking her bra off. She put the wand down and as the pre fucking set up was taking place on the TV she started massaging her tits in her hands quite obviously happy with the effect it was having on her little brother on the other end of the couch.
As I watched her playing with her tits and getting here nipples hard, I had the urge to lunge across the couch so I could lick and suck them myself. At first, I tried to push this image out of my head, but it was rapidly replaced with the thought of sliding my cock between her tits and that was soon followed with the urge, no, the need to slam my cock in my sister's pussy.
While I was having all these thoughts, I kept stroking myself but my gaze never broke from Kelly. We were both just watching each other intently while pleasuring ourselves. It might have gone on like that until we both came, but Kelly surprised me by grabbing the controller and turning the TV off and in the instant that followed all that I could hear in my living room was her toy and our combined panting.
The comparative silence really startled me, and the sudden shock must've allowed my conscience to finally be heard by my brain. The feelings of shame that hit me in that moment made the previous few nights seem like nothing in comparison. I took my hand off my cock and reached down on the floor for my shorts. As I was pulling them on Kelly's face washed with emotion, but unlike me she seemed way more mad than shameful.
"What the fuck Paddy?" she demanded, still sitting on the couch, still holding the toy to her pussy.
"This is fucked Kelly! What are we doing?"
"We're feeling good in a world that seems to be custom designed to make us feel bad. Is there really anything wrong with that?'
"That's not a good enough answer. There's a reason why this feels so wrong, because it is."
"Fuck that! We're grown ass adults who want to feel good. The world has conditioned us to believe that there are right and wrong ways to feel good, but that's bullshit. No one is getting hurt here. We're not even touching each other. We're just releasing some stress by masturbating."
I stood there in just my shorts with my cock slowly softening, listening to everything my naked sister was saying, and as much as it killed me to admit it, I knew she was right. So what if we watched porn together? So what if we got a little kick out of watching each other while we did so? 90% of my brain wanted to push my shorts back down and start stroking my cock again, but I was still hung up on how wrong it all felt.
"I know what you're saying is true Kel. I don't have a good argument other than it just feels wrong and it makes me feel bad about myself." I said while holding my hands over my face. Kelly finally turned her wand off in order to try and make her case without distraction.
"I understand Pat. I really do. More than you probably know. I've dealt with shame and self-hate over what gets me off pretty much from the start of my sex life. You probably don't know this but I basically had to beg Mom and Dad to not go to the police because they were sure that Sean had assaulted me." she said softly, referring to her first boyfriend.
"What? Sean? Really?" I asked, thinking about the quiet nerd she dated at the end of high school.
"Yeah. He was my first and when we went to the beach for senior week we finally fucked for the first time. Toward the end of the trip, he was on top, fucking me and he rested his hand on my throat and I instantly reacted to it. I went wild! I wanted more, but I didn't want to say it out loud so I grabbed him by the wrist and pulled his hand back to my throat. He kept trying to pull it away but I finally got him to keep it there till we both came." She said with a kind of wistful smirk on her face, seemingly enjoying the memory.
"How in the hell did Mom and Dad find out about that?"
"Oh, they didn't. But after that first time I kept trying to urge him to do it more. I never asked for it with words, but when we were in the middle of fucking, I'd grab his hand and pull it to my throat. I could tell he was resistant - and knowing what I know now I should have had a conversation with him about it - but I was 18 and stupid."
"I get that. I did a lot of cringy shit at that age too." I said as I took my seat back on the couch.
"Then, about a week before I left for college, we were at his folk's house all alone. When I pulled his hand to my throat again, I guess he'd had enough. He jumped off me and asked me what was wrong with me. I told him that I didn't know why, I just liked it and I wanted him to be more forceful with me. I guess I goaded him a bit, and I remember for sure that I said "don't be a pussy" which was a low blow because his dad and brother used to tease him by calling him that."
"And I bet that worked." I interjected, knowing the type of effect being called that can have on an 18-year-old guy who is trying to figure out what it means to be a man.
"A bit too well." Kelly replied, emphasizing with a bit of a shudder. "He paced around for a bit and I decided to force the issue again. I got off the bed and stood right in front of him with my head back saying 'do it' over and over again. He finally grabbed my throat, forced me on the bed and pounded the shit out of me. I loved it, but when we were done, he cried and asked why I made him do it which made me feel awful. Then he freaked out when he saw how red my neck was and he started to worry that he was going to get in trouble, or that he was a bad guy."
"And Mom and Dad saw your neck, I'm guessing?"
"Yeah. It's pretty hard to cover your neck in the middle of August. I tied wearing hoodies and hiding out in my room but Mom saw and demanded to know what happened. From there it was a total nightmare. She was sure someone had raped me or something. I kept telling her she was wrong, but she just didn't understand what happened. I don't think she was capable. Hell, I wasn't. I wanted rough sex but the guy I was with wasn't really into it and I goaded him into it and it got out of hand. It was dumb and irresponsible and it fucked me up for years after that."
"What do you mean?"
"I had a clear idea of what I wanted but I kept subverting it because society said it was wrong. It took me years of thinking it through to understand that there is nothing that can be wrong if everyone involved is informed and on board."
I saw the point she was making and it was really resonating with me. I felt my shoulders drop as my tension melted away. My brain was moving a million miles per hour, but every time I worked it through it came down to this: yes, we're siblings and most people would think it was gross to jerk off together. But if it was just between the two of us, and it brought us both pleasure no one was being hurt. If we went into it with our eyes open, there would be nothing to regret later.
Kelly had let me sit there thinking for a few minutes before she decided to take action. She reached for the controller to turn the porn back on, but I interrupted her. "No, you don't have to turn it back on."
"Oh, ok. That's fine. I don't want to force you to do anything you're not comfortable with." She said softly.
Seeing that she misunderstood what I meant I stood up and dropped my shorts again, catching her off guard. She looked confused so I explained "I'm comfortable jerking off with you Kelly, I just don't think we need the porn this time."
"Fuck yeah!" She growled at me, spreading her legs and turning to face me.
I smiled back at her and I sat back down on my side of the couch, facing her. She reached for her wand but I shook my head and said "Just you and me. Just hands" drawing a devious smile from her.
Kelly pinched and rubbed her nipples while plunging two fingers deep in her pussy. After just a few minutes of our mutual masturbation the distinct smell of her arousal wafted across the couch to me which caused me to stroke with more urgency. Every time Kelly would smile It would cause an involuntary smile to spread across my face too. When she would moan or whimper, I would groan in response. I didn't think it could get any better, but then she started talking again.
"Fuck! You have such a pretty cock, you know that?" She panted. "I love seeing you stroke that dick while you watch me. I'm wetter than I've been in years."
"Can you take a third finger?" I asked, but she just shrugged her shoulders and shot a bratty face back at me. I was puzzled for a second but then I thought about everything she had told me, and the path forward became very clear. "Fuck your cunt with three fingers now, slut." I commanded.
She instantly complied by slipping her pointer finger inside her pussy to join the other two. The idea of telling my sister what to do instantly caused my dirty thoughts to spiral off in a hundred different directions. When I finally tore my eyes away from Kelly's full pussy, I saw that she had a pouty look on her face.
When she saw my eyes meet her's she asked "Is that good?" before biting her lower lip.
"Yeah. That's good. You're such a good little slut." I replied causing a big smile to spread across her face.
"Thank you, little bro." she cooed in return.
"Now, since you like anal so much, I want to see you play with your asshole" I said, emphasizing with a groan.
Kelly took her other hand away from her tit and slobbered all over her fingers. She scooted her ass out so she was now laying down, with her head on the arm of the couch. She reached under her own leg and started to rub her asshole, all while staring right at me.
"Yeah. That's good. Fuck your ass for me Kelly."
After some warm up she now had one finger all the way in her ass while three from her other hand kept sliding in and out of her pussy. I was barely stroking anymore because I was trying to hold off from coming. Luckily, I didn't have to wait long.
"I love what a sick fuck you are Pat. Sitting there with your cock in your hands, making your sister stuff her holes for you." Just the sound of her voice made me want to erupt.
"I love seeing you all filled up for me Kelly. I'm so fucking close"
"Yeah? Me too. I want to see you come for me Pat. I want to come with you." she moaned.
"Fuck! I'm going to come for you Kelly." I said, picking up my stroking speed.
Kelly ground the heel of her hand into her clit and started shuddering and at that moment I also started to come. My eyes darted back and forth between her face and her penetrated holes as I spilled shot after shot of come on my chest.
After Kelly's orgasm subsided, we sat there in silence for a few moments, but this time it wasn't awkward, it was just afterglow. Each time we caught a glance at one another we just laughed. Eventually I spoke up to say "Fuck, I'm starving all the sudden."
"Oh god, me too." Kelly replied, getting up off the couch. "And I have to piss like a racehorse too."
"Why don't we both get cleaned up and then I'll whip something up for us to eat."
"Deal." She said while turning to head for the bathroom. As she walked away she looked back over her shoulder to see if I was looking at her ass.
I was.
2020 may have been a hard year for a lot of people, but after a rocky start it turned into a particularly good year for my sister and I.