(Author's note: For those readers who are not familiar with the MILLVILLE story line, a short explanation of the events leading up to this chapter is necessary. The local BDSM club in Millville, TN, holds an annual fund raiser at which, as entertainment, several anonymous, volunteer submissives are subjected to various BDSM activities. Tom recently had informed his wife, Suzie, and their friends, that he would have to attend a business-related out-of-town conference the same weekend as "The Gala" and would not be able to go with them. His wife and their friends were disappointed, of course...as was he...but he looked forward to hearing about it from his wife afterwards.)
*****
This sucks,I think to myself as I sit alone in the dimly lit room.I didn't have to be here now. Why did I insist to Suzie that I couldn't go with her tonight? Bob and Julie are probably picking her up right about now to take her to The Gala. I should be there with her, sitting in the back of Bob's car, holding Suzie's hand. All four of us would be excited about what we'd be watching later. How did it come to this? How did it all get started?
I remember that night at dinner when Suzie told me about Bob and Julie. How could Suzie and I not have realized that they were into the BDSM lifestyle? They were our best friends. We had known them for years. Suzie and Julie confided everything with each other.Well, not everything, apparently.
And that first time when Bob showed us his playroom that he had converted into a dungeon. He demonstrated how he tied Julie to a rack and flogged her. How shocked we were. And that first time Suzie and I had sex with Suzie tied up. I used the handcuffs that Bob gave me and went down on her until she had an explosive orgasm. When I entered her, I was so turned on that I came almost immediately as she came for a second time. I think that was the beginning of our journey into the lifestyle.
But that seems like nothing compared to what we know now. What made us continue on that path? Maybe it was that first Munch meeting, where we met Len and Leila. That broadened our interest by meeting new people with the same lifestyle. That's when we accepted that it wasn't such an oddity. It just wasn't publicized.
And then there was that night that Bob and Julie came to our place for dinner, and Bob ended up fastening Julie to the top of a door and spanking her with a wooden spoon. He even let me do it for a while. My first experience hitting someone. And the clothespins. He put one on each of Julie's nipples. I couldn't even imagine doing that at the time. Julie said that she really did enjoy all of that. Suzie and I had a hard time believing her.
Then we went with Bob and Julie to The Gala. First Bob told me how he paddled Julie until her ass was bleeding the night before, and then Suzie and I saw how he tormented her during the whole Gala, making her have a huge orgasm in the middle of the crowded room. The entertainment that night, though, was unbelievable. We couldn't believe our eyes. What was done to those subs freaked us out. We realized then that spanking and clothespins were apparently just the tip of the iceberg when it came to BDSM. We couldn't imagine being involved in anything like what we saw that night. And yet eventually we did. How did this all happen? Where were we headed? What more is to come?
Oh, yeh. The Gala. Lot of urine consumed that night. That's one thing Suzie and I haven't tried. Don't know that we will. Although Leila said that she makes Len do it. I'll bet Julie has to once in a while too.
I remember just a few days after The Gala, Suzie told me to tie her up. That was when it really started for us, I think. I tied her hands behind her back and made her give me a blow job. She'd given me many but none like this. Not having the use of her hands really turned her on, I guess, and she went all out. And then the sex we had with her tied to the bed was out of this world. I think we both knew then that we were hooked.
And then there was that first night at Len and Leila's apartment. What a show she put on. We both felt so sorry for Len, the way she was treating him. But he had an erection the whole time. So did I, as I recall. Something about watching him be subjected to such pain turned me on. Was it because I would enjoy inflicting pain on someone, or because I was living vicariously through Len? And later, when Suzie relayed to me about what Leila had told her about other things she does to Len. It was unbelievable. And he gladly puts up with it.
I remember the first time I gave Suzie a good spanking. She asked me to do it so we could find out if this was really for us. I didn't like hurting her like that, but we had to find out. Her attitude afterward told us both that we should continue. And continue we did! And that time when Suzie turned the tables on me and had me strapped to the spanking bench. We found out that night that some pain on my butt and my nipples gets me real hard and horny. And she got turned on too. This didn't seem to be what I bargained for when we started screwing around with this lifestyle.
Then there was that night when Bob and Julia gave that party where the guests all had to ride the Sybian, with all Bob's devious adaptations that he created. That was downright cruel. But we were lucky, at least, when Suzie won among the women and Len won among the men. Len, Leila, Suzie and I got to go to Bob's and Suzie's cabin in the Smoky Mountains for that weekend last October. God, Don't know how Suzie did it. Riding that thing so long, through all the pain. Len too.
But the weekend was great, so I guess it was worth it. At the cabin those two days, and also at Mildred's and George's summer party, I had to do some things I never dreamt I would do. Didn't matter if you were dom or sub, straight or gay, if you wanted to participate you had to be a little of each. But every time, no matter what my role, I got a hard-on. Without fail. I think everyone was wondering what my true nature was. I know Bob and Suzie did. And I did, too.
When Suzie and I started experimenting with this I was not going to be anybody's sub. I was too macho for that role. My little Suzie was the sub in this relationship. I was her dom. Or so I thought. Was I wrong? Could I, deep down inside, be a sub? Maybe I'm both. What do they call that? A switch?
God, here I am all by myself with all these doubts and fears going through my head while I really should be with Suzie tonight. Right now they're probably pulling up in the parking lot, about to enter The Club for The Gala. She'll have to explain to people why I'm not with her. She'll tell them I had a business meeting and they'll say what a shame that is.
What possessed me to do this? Was it to prove something to myself? Or to others? One thing I did well, though. They all believed my story when I announced at the cabin that I had a meeting this weekend and I couldn't go with them. They bought it alright. If they only knew that I couldn't go with them because I would be one of the sub volunteers here!
What was I thinking? That I could endure what the subs at the other Galas were subjected to? Or maybe worse? I'm sure those subs were into BDSM for a long time. They were used to such stuff. Me? What do I know? Just what Bob has put me through. That was bad enough. Actually, I'm scared shitless right now. Especially after Suzie let me in on her secret as I left the house with my suitcase, supposedly on my way to Dallas for my conference. I'll never forget her words.
"Tom, since you'll be out of town until after the Gala's over, I have something I want to tell you. I've been dying to all week, but I couldn't. They're so secretive about this. You know the entertainment they put on after dinner? Well, this year they asked Mildred to come and show her whipping skills. And she told them she thought it would be more interesting if I was there too. The two of us together showing off our skills. Isn't that great? She thought I was good enough to do that. I just feel sorry for the guy or gal that's the sub. Maybe there'll be one of each. We can take turns with each one. That's why I've been practicing so much the last couple of weeks."
Crap! As if I wasn't nervous enough about doing this all ready. Suppose I'm the one picked for that gig. The way Mildred whipped Charlie at their party. And I bet she was holding back with him.
The only door into the room is opening slowly.A man is entering the room.Ah, finally someone's here.
"Hello Tom. Think we forgot about you? Lots to do getting everyone ready. I'm George. I'm the head dungeon master for tonight. Haven't we met before?"
"Yes, I think we have. I think you were taking pictures of me on that Leonardo di Vinci thing."
"Oh, right. You really looked perfect up there. Like part of di Vinci's drawing. So, as you probably know, my job is to look after all you subs. Get you prepared for the show and look after you during the show to be sure you're OK. So you have nothing to worry about. As you know, this is all done anonymously. Only a couple of other people besides myself know who you all are. None of us, me included, knows which of you will be used and who won't be. There are three men and three women here. We'll use just two of each and they'll be drawn from a hat just prior to the beginning of each scene.
"Right now I have to prepare you for the dinner. That's a perk you six get. A free gourmet meal. You've been to a Gala before, haven't you, Tom?"
"Yes I have."
"Well this dinner will be the same as we've done in the past. You six will eat at the head table, on a raised stage, looking out at all the guests. I'll lead you all in and get you seated properly. All the others are prepared so it's just you, and then we can go in and dine.
"Let's get you ready. Put on these leather wrist and ankle cuffs, this collar and this leather hood. The hood has openings for your eyes and mouth, and two small breathing holes. Later we'll cover some of those openings but for now...well...you have to see to eat, right?"
"I guess so." I take my time putting all the equipment on, trying to postpone the inevitable. Eventually, though, everything's in place.
"OK, Tom. Let's go."
George hooks a leash to the front of my collar. Now he leads me down a long hallway where we stop at each door to add another naked sub to our group.
"Tom, put your right hand behind you and let me attach your cuff to the left wrist of the next person. I'll do the same down the line. Just follow me, everyone." At the end of the hall we walk through a door that leads into the room that was set up for the banquet. I think it's the room that usually has stocks on one side and cages on the other. Now, many tables, each with ten people, all watching us, walk in. Our chairs are pulled out by waiters and we're sitting, all facing the guests. We're arranged male, female, male, and so forth. Our wrists are still joined to the person's wrist next to us. Since I was the first to enter I am at the left end of the long table, and at least my left hand is free. Now George is in front of the table, which is situated right next to the front edge of the stage. He's wrapping something around my left knee and the table leg, pulling my leg to the side. Now he's doing the same to my right knee. He's attaching it to the left knee of the gal sitting next to me. My legs are spread wide and there's nothing on the front of the table. "I remember this from when I was a guest," I whisper to her. "There's nothing in front of us. Our privates are all on display."
"You're shitting me. Tell me it ain't so."
"It's so. But don't worry. They'll probably see a lot more of you later. Just try to enjoy the meal."
It only takes a few minutes for George to get all six of us opened up for display. Meanwhile the waiters are serving the first course. Most of the guests seem more interested in studying our anatomies than eating. Perhaps they're thinking of another kind of eating.
Shit. It's not going to be easy to eat this meal with my wrist attached to hers. We can't both use our connected arms at the same time. At least my left arm is free. Lucky I'm at the end here. Where's Suzie? And Bob and Julia. I hope they're sitting with her. Oh, there they are. Julia's sitting between Bob and Susie. Wonder what agony Bob has put Julia through this time. God, that time he had the remote control for the vibrator on her pussy was something else.
At least being here in front of all these people is getting my mind off what's going to happen after dinner. I wonder if Suzie has any inkling that I'm here. Or Bob. Maybe I won't be one of the two men chosen. I have one out of three chances that I won't be. Not too bad odds. I wonder if Mildred and George are out there. I imagine the club will give them a free dinner for providing some of the entertainment. Geez, I hope it's not me Suzie and Mildred'll be whipping.
While I've been having all these thoughts, the different courses have been served. The six of us up here have tried, with a modicum of success, to keep up with the guests. We're being served the flaming Baked Alaska first to give us a head start, I guess. George is nearing our table, probably to release us so he can take us back to our rooms.
"OK, guys and gals," he says to us. "I'm going to undo your legs now, and as soon as you're all finished with the delicious meal, we'll head back to your rooms. Now, just so you know how this will work. Right now, nobody, including me, knows which of you will be chosen for any of the scenes. Sometimes we have just three scenes, in which case we'll use two of you for one of them. About ten minutes before a scene will be starting is when we draw the name to see who the lucky one is. Then I have to prepare that person.
"Sometimes, when there's a lot of preparation involved I'll start early and prepare more than one of you. Whoever's still eligible to be chosen. Oh yes. Almost forgot. When you go into the show room you'll be wearing ear plugs plus headphones that, once we get started, will have white noise playing, so you won't hear any outside sound. And, of course, you'll be blindfolded. Don't worry, I'll be guiding you to your place. Any questions?"
Yeh, can I leave now? Maybe you can just pretend that you didn't pick me? How could I have been so stupid to think this was a good idea? Why didn't I realize that at the cabin when I told everybody that I couldn't go here tonight? When I was hanging upside down and being flogged? Didn't that give me a clue to stay away from that kind of treatment? Or was I enjoying the moment so much that I wanted to experience more?
The gal to my right asks," What else will we be wearing?"
Some of the volunteers snicker at the question.
"Nothing, my dear. Except, of course, the cuffs and collar you have on now, and anything else that might be required for your scene. Now, if you'll all get up and come with me." He takes me first, I guess, so he can drop the others off from the rear of our single-file line as we pass their rooms. As we're leaving the banquet room, the guests are giving us a standing ovation. Most of them have seen the kinds of things we'll be subjected to at past Galas.
Walking back down the hall to our rooms, George tells us, "All right, you guys...and gals...I'm going to leave you in your rooms until you get chosen to go out there. It might be in fifteen minutes or it could be three hours. Or you could be one of those not chosen tonight at all, in which case I'll either come myself or send someone to let you know. You'll be free to leave then. If you want, you can go in and watch the last scene."
We march down the hall, following George, still connected by our wrists. He tells us that while we're waiting in our rooms we can take our hoods off to be more comfortable. One by one we stop at a door and George releases the person at the rear. When I'm the only one left, I ask George, "George, do you know a woman named Mildred? She's married to Charlie, and she's an expert using a whip."
"I think I do. I've probably met her once or twice. But not here, I don't think."
"No. I don't think she's a member."
"Why do you ask?"
"Oh, just curious. I heard a rumor that she would be here tonight."
'Well, I haven't noticed her here yet, but I'll look around and let you know whenever I come back to get you ready for your scene...if you're selected."
"Not sure I'm looking forward to it."
"What do you mean, Tom? You signed up for this, remember? Obviously it's what you wanted. Now the time's come and you're getting cold feet?"
"Yeh. I guess you'd say that's what I'm doing."
"You'll be fine. In fact you'll look back and think it was a great experience. Might even want to come back for more."
"You think?"
"I know!"
With that, George leaves me alone with my thoughts for God knows how long.
I wish there was a clock in the room. Or I had my watch. Why'd they take my watch when they put me in this room and made me strip? What was that all about? Maybe just to get us in the right frame of mind. Like slaves. Or lambs being led to the slaughter. Leave your worldly belongings behind. I don't know. Seems like I've been stuck in here an hour at least. Maybe more.
But I guess the longer I have to wait, the better my chances of escaping the torment I signed up for. So don't complain, Tom. Just relax. But I can't relax. All I can think about is getting whipped by Mildred and Suzie. Even wearing some clothes when Suzie was practicing on me, it hurt. Can't imagine being nude. Oh please God, don't let them choose me.
Maybe this is God's way of punishing me for what I did to Bob when we left the cabin. That must have been awful for him, trapped on the Sybian. His own Sybian. Adapted by himself to be tortuous. And I programmed it to be even worse for him. And left him there. But was that so unfair? After what he did to the rest of us? Or what he's done to Julia?
What's taking them so long? It's got to be that they're not going to use me. George'll probably be here any minute with my clothes to tell me I can leave. Please let George come and tell me I can go.
I hear a click at the door and it slowly opens. George is walking in.
Thank God! Now just tell me I can go, George. Pleeeease.
"Well, Tom, George says. "That wasn't as long a wait as it might have been. First of all we're only having three scenes tonight. They used two people for the first one. The second scene is still going on, but there's some preparation I need to do for the next one and I have to get you and the other guy ready since I don't know which of you will be chosen. I already did the other guy.
"First, though, you better go use the restroom. Don't want you having to take a piss, or worse, a crap while you're on display, do we?"
"No, I guess not."
"The restroom's just down the hall, to your left."
Walking to the rest room, I think,Shit, I thought I was going to be home free. I'm still in the running. What's George going to do to prepare me? Prepare me for what? I wonder if Mildred and Suzie have already done their bit. Maybe they're out there right now. Or maybe they're warming up for the next scene. Maybe for me. Maybe Suzie'll recognize me by my body. If she does, will she go easy on me? Or maybe she'll be pissed because I lied to her, and whip me harder. Oh my God!
Geez, I really did have to pee. I've been so nervous I didn't even realize it. Don't feel like takin' a crap so I guess I don't need to. Just go back to George now and keep your fingers crossed,I tell myself.
"I'm back, George," I tell him as I re-enter the room.Wonder what's in that bag he brought with him. Probably not good."So, what's next?" I ask, afraid to hear the answer.
"Before I answer that, I want to tell you that I did see your Mildred out there. And, wow, you should see her. All dressed in black leather. High-heel, thigh-high boots. Mini-skirt and a corset with her boobs spilling out over the top. For an older gal she's sure sexy. And she's drawing a lot of attention from the guests...especially the men."
Fuck! That must mean that she's doing the next scene. My scene. Unless they don't pick me. Pleeease!
"Now, first I'm going to get your hood fixed up. We'll start with these ear plugs. They'll reduce the sound you can hear, but not entirely. That's why we add the noise-cancelling headphones. Until they're turned on you'll still be able to hear some sounds. I'll speak loudly so you can hear me. Just before the scene starts we'll turn them on and play white noise."
"Is the hood going to fit over that?"
"Yep. You'll see. The headphones aren't very big." As soon as the headphones are in place he pulls a blindfold out of his bag and places it over my eyes. "Now we can put the hood back on. I'll add this cover for the eye openings and another for the mouth to be absolutely sure that no light will get through. So, during the scene you'll be in sensory deprivation as far as sound and sight is concerned."
Yeh, I remember that from the Gala before. Doesn't make it any more comforting,though. "Is that it, George?"
"Oh, no. That was just routine. Everyone gets that. Now the fun part comes."
I'll bet,I think to myself.
"Stand up, Tom. I need to reach your whole body for this next bit." Reaching into his bag again, he says, "I just need to paint some red circles on you. You know, concentric circles."
I'm listening to him, terrified.Oh, no. Does that mean what I'm afraid it means? Like Mildred did to Charlie before she whipped him?
I can feel him applying the paint on the upper part of my back, then on each side of my buttocks. Then lower, on the back of my thighs. "Turn around, please, Tom." I turn to face him and he starts painting on my chest and I can feel that he's painting a small circle around my nipple. Then a larger circle outside that one. He repeats the same on the other side.
Next thing I know he's drawing what must look like a target around my navel. First a large circle, then a small one.Crap. Where's he going next? He wouldn't. Oh, thank God, he skipped over it. He's painting the front of my thighs now. Oh, Oh. He's doing the inside of my thighs too. Christ. That'll sting like Hell. He must be finished now.
"Almost done, Tom. Just one more target."
"No, George. Not there. There are plenty other places already for the ladies to aim for. One more won't make a difference. To them, I mean. It'll make a big difference to me. Please?"
"Just following orders, Tom. Got to follow orders. It's my job, you know. Even though it doesn't pay much. Actually, it doesn't pay anything."
If that's his idea of humor, it's pretty lame. Plus I'm in no mood for jokes right now. Jeez, he's painting right around my cock and balls. No wonder they said I should shave down there before tonight. Now a bigger circle... and...a third one. They want this to be the main target? Oh, the crowd out there will love this. Why aren't I out there watching everything with Suzie? Watching some other poor sucker about to be whipped? Stupid...stupid me.
"OK, Tom. You're all set. You and the other guy down the hall. We should be ready for one of you in about ten or fifteen minutes. Good luck." I don't hear his footsteps as he walks to the door and I barely can hear it open and close through my ear coverings. I reach behind me to feel the chair I had been sitting on and lower myself onto it.
Ten or fifteen minutes. Go or no go. Fifty-fifty chance either way. What if it's me? Can I stand it? Can I quit in the middle? What'll happen if I do? Will people find out who I am? Probably. Will Suzie hate me? Boy, will I be glad when this night is over.A thousand thoughts go through my mind as I wait in the silence and darkness of my hood.In the other Gala they made the subs drink urine. Does the covering over my mouth mean I won't have to? Maybe they'll remove it. Crap, it'll be bad enough to be whipped, but on top of that to have to drink piss. No gag, at least. Guess they want to hear me scream.
I don't hear the door open this time, but suddenly I feel a tug on my collar. "Who's that?" I ask, scared shitless.
"It's me, Tom," George says in a loud voice so I can hear him.
"Oh, George. Please tell me I can go now."
"You can go, Tom. You can go with me to entertain the folks out there. They're anxious to see you, even though they don't know who you are. I'll lead you by this leash attached to your collar. Just walk slowly. I'll guide you through the room to the rack they have set up for you."
"What rack? Won't I be on the stage they set for the other Gala?"
"Nope. The other scenes tonight were on that stage, but they needed more space so the gals will have room to swing their whips, I guess. Especially Mildred, with her long one."
I follow George's lead, walking gingerly down the hallway. George tugs down on the leash and tells me to stop and turn to my right. "OK, Tom. I'm going to open the door into the Di Vinci Room. When we enter, you're going to hear a roar from everyone. Tonight, you are a star."
I don't hear the door opening, but suddenly, even with the ear plugs and the head phones, I can hear the roar...the clapping...the yelling...the cheering...
Oh, shit!
The end
EPILOG
Bob did remain best friends with Tom, even after being left in his own cabin in a fiendish and precarious position. Indeed, the two played their usual golf game the following Saturday. Bob and Julie continued their BDSM relationship, with Julie happily choosing to remain submissive to her dominatrix husband.
Len and Leila advanced in their careers to the point where they could afford to buy a home and also become members of The Mill Club. Subsequently they could go to The Club with their new friends. While Len was ambivalent about the matter, he remained the submissive in his relationship with Leila, mainly because she would have it no other way. He didn't complain, though, because whatever she did with, or to him, had the effect of arousing him sexually and keeping him that way for long periods of time. He was content.
Tom and Suzie were a different story. As newcomers to the BDSM world, they had taken their cues from Bob and Julie. They more or less assumed their roles should be male dom and female sub. It just seemed natural to them, especially for Tom. Being the macho type, he would not consider any other way. Experience, however, taught them otherwise, as they both learned over time that they could each enjoy the other side of the relationship also. They came to accept that neither of them had to be submissive to the other. And so they both became "switches", a term that Suzie first heard at their first Munch meeting. She and Tom now both enjoy their BDSM scenes with each other, but as "top" and "bottom" rather than "dom" and "sub". They can plan a scene without knowing who will be topping the other until they're ready to start. They find this even more exciting.
*****
Author's note: Thirty-three chapters, over 158,000 words, and thirteen months since the inception of the novella called "Millville", my task has been completed. It has been tedious at times, but has been a labor of love for me. My wish is that it has brought pleasure and entertainment to you, the readers.
Now, it's your turn. I would be grateful if you would let me know, either with a comment or a message sent to me through Literotica, your feelings about the story. I especially would like to know how many of you read the entire story...all the way from Chapter 1.
Thank you. Until next time,
Submisky35