Chapter 27 - City Chat with Giselle: The 2nd Interview
Because of her notoriety, the producers of "City-Chat with Giselle" wanted to have Eveline on their show for a second interview, but they wanted to avoid the touchy subject of Comandante Foxtrot's antiquity-buying scams. It turned out there was a perfect topic for a new show with Eveline: the release of the basketball training video series she had done with Jenny. So, both Jenny and Eveline would appear on the show, Jenny as the representative of her university and Eveline as the representative of her auction house. As such, both would appear naked, as stipulated in their contracts.
The hostess was more interested in talking to Eveline than to Jenny. That worked out just fine, because Jenny started out with a major case of stage-fright. At the beginning of the interview she was in no condition to talk in front of the cameras. So, Eveline started out by doing all the talking. She talked about the videos, but also about fitness in general and the need for schools to have better physical education programs for all students.
When the topic returned to the basketball team and their prospects of going to the state championships. Eveline slowly eased Jenny into the conversation as the interview progressed. By the end of the show, Jenny became more comfortable with herself and was able to talk about her experiences as an athlete, a student, and a nudist.
Fortunately, after editing, Jenny looked just fine in the show. However, both she and Giselle knew that it was Eveline who had saved her ass during the interview and prevented her from embarrassing herself with a poor performance.
When the show Eveline and Jenny aired, it became the most highly rated episode of "City-Chat with Giselle".
----------
The filming for the naked basketball video series finished the week after the girls' joint appearance on "City Chat with Giselle". The director told them it was a wrap and that the final episodes would be edited and released in a few days. Demand for the series was expected to be extremely high, for hours of instructional video where two naked young women were teaching the viewer everything one needed to know about playing basketball. The interview show was essentially a half-hour long commercial that informed a lot of men about the existence of the videos and sparked a lot of customer interest.
Right after they finished filming the final practice video, Jenny and Eveline went to the locker room to get cleaned up. Eveline was wondering if Jenny was going to touch her, but her teammate seemed... very different. Very different indeed, as though she were not even the same person. She was quiet and troubled, as though she had just woken up from a very strange dream. In all the years they had known each other, Eveline had never seen Jenny behaving like that.
It was clear that her sexual drive had calmed down considerably: in fact it was totally gone. She no longer was grabbing Eveline's bottom or pinching her breasts, nor constantly talking about getting into a hot tub or into bed. She now was bewildered by her own behavior and wondered how on earth she could have been so aggressively sexual towards her teammate. She realized had completely lost control of herself, and in doing so had lost control of her existence.
She sat down and stared blankly into space. All of the life seemed to have gone out of her. When Eveline got out of the shower she paused. She realized that maybe there was a chance to talk and both she and Jenny could try to make sense out of the very strange events of their recent lives. Eveline stood for a couple of minutes, but Jenny just sat on her bench, continuing to quietly stare off into space. Eveline got tired of waiting and broke the silence.
"Jenny, I'm here if you want to talk."
"I... I don't know. I wish I knew what to say to you. I wish I knew what to say. I'm... kinda... you know... ashamed of... some of the stuff... I did... that I did to you... and I'm sorry about it... I'm sorry about how I treated you... and now I'm paying for it. I'm paying for it big-time."
"How are you paying for it?"
Jenny explained the situation with Lynne, that her mentor at the university had drafted her little sister to watch over her and report on her.
"... and she's constantly ratting on me. Lynne's so fucking desperate to get me in trouble. Thing is, everyone keeps saying how great she is. What a sweetheart she is. How cute she is. And she's not! She's a mean, nasty little bitch, that's what she is."
"That's fucked up. I'm sorry about your situation."
"I guess I deserve it."
"Even if you do, it's OK. I'm not gonna hold it against you."
"I kinda wish you would, hold it against me. I wish you'd get mad at me."
"I'm... not exactly mad, Jenny. I'm weirded-out by what all you did, to be honest. But I'm not mad."
After that, there was more silence. Finally Eveline spoke again.
"Things happen. They just do. You just gotta learn from it, and see what you can do better next time."
For the moment, neither student had anything more to say. However, Eveline saw Jenny for what she really was, as someone who was scared, vulnerable, and not really in control of herself or her destiny. And seeing Jenny in a moment of weakness, and having the wisdom to not press her advantage, made her much more confident about herself.