Author's Note: this is the first in a series retelling some of the sexual escapades I had when I was a horny, shameless and slightly perverted teenager. The following is all completely true, but I may delve into fantasy at later points in the series. Also this is my first story on this site so please feel free to leave any constructive criticism in the comments.
Disclaimer: this story took place towards the end of Year 13 (the US equivalent of which being high school senior year) and so all characters are 18 or over.
*****
We've all been there: a teenager making poor decisions based on lust rather than logic. Am I proud of what I did? Well, maybe not all the background details, but the deed itself? I'd be lying if I said I didn't enjoy telling people the story.
But first, the aforementioned shameful background details. There was a girl who for the purposes of this I shall call Annie. I'm not going to ask you to believe that Annie was the hottest girl in the world etc., but she was fairly good-looking. She had a kind of dark and edgy vibe going on, and had a body type that I love: skinny with an ass. Her tits were -- I would guess -- B or C cup: not huge but a decent handful (although I didn't find that out until later).
When we were together, it was fiery. When it was good it was great, but when it wasn't, the rows were blazing. In the end -- somewhat predictably -- there was one row to many and the paper covering the cracks in our relationship crumbled away.
I couldn't have that. I was hormonal, angsty and most of all horny. Luckily enough, I had a friend who was interested in me. It was a shameful rebound, but I was 18 years old and a virgin (the age of consent in the UK being 16), so I was on a mission.
Unfortunately, she was very Christian, and completely dedicated to saving herself for marriage. After a few months with not even a kiss, I found myself being drawn back to Annie. She, for her part, was more than willing to accommodate me.
I remember the night it began very specifically; it was the night before Valentine's Day. We got to chatting over text about this and that and the situation escalated. I'm not sure how it happened, I think we egged each other on to be honest, but before I knew it we were sexting. We told each other all the filthy things we were going to do to each other.
Of course it was wrong. I know that, I knew it at the time, but kidded myself otherwise. It wasn't even that, I just kept the two things apart in my mind. It was as if the version of me that was in a relationship and the version that became friends with benefits with Annie were two different people. I do truly regret it though.
Regardless, in hindsight it's clear that this state of affairs could never be sustained, but I wasn't thinking ahead. It all came to a head on our drama performance day. For context, we were both studying A level drama, and the way the performances were assessed was in one performance day, where each group took it in turn to put on their performance in the school 'drama hall' (auditorium) while the rest -- and whichever students from younger years were meant to have a drama lesson at that point -- comprised the audience.
Our sexting had become increasingly unsubtle -- including me telling her to bring herself to orgasm during a lesson -- and on this day she wore a dog collar (vaguely disguised as a choker) to school on my instructions. This turned us both on, and the situation was exacerbated by my giving her ass a quick squeeze as she went up the stairs ahead of me.
We took our places for the day, and we were sat on the back row (in fact, I was put in charge of operating the camcorder on a tripod at the back of the seats that recorded the performances). No sooner had the lights dimmed than my hand was back on her ass, squeezing and caressing her curves.
I stayed outside of her jeans for about five minutes before my hand slipped inside. I felt her soft flesh on my hand as she looked determinedly at the stage. She dared not make eye contact lest any of the people sat around us noticed that something was amiss.
I continued fondling her until the first 15 minute performance came to an end and the lights came back up. As usual, the teachers spent easily another quarter of an hour deliberating over what mark to give the performance, while me, Annie and those around us chatted about the performance we'd just seen and other inane things, pretending nothing had happened.
After what felt like an age, the second performance started and my hand was back to her ass. As fantastic as her ass was, after about 10 minutes I began to grow bored of it; I wanted more. I moved my hand round to the front, and started rubbing her pussy through her jeans. I heard a sharp intake of breath from beside me, but then she moved my hand away. I rubbed it up her thigh again, climbing higher before she pushed it away once more.
"People will see." she whispered. I looked around us. She was right, we were surrounded by people. Up until now it might have looked like my arm was just rested on the back of the seating, but making rubbing motions in her lap was a lot less subtle.
She moved my hand back to my own lap, but as she did she lingered for a second, wrapping her fingers around my dick through my jeans, before giving it a light squeeze and pulling away. I could tell that she was just as turned on by all this as I was, but before I could capitalise, the applause rang out and the lights came up again as the next performance ended. By the time the teachers had ended their conversation it was time for break.
Never in my life before or since have I known a more sexually charged 20 minutes. It was filled with us avoiding each other's gaze, and on the occasions we did make eye contact, it was filled with such furtive knowledge and sexual energy that we had to look away, as if we thought if we sustained it we'd start fucking there and then in front of everyone.
After what felt like an age, we were called back in for the next performance, and we took our places again at the back. Once more, my hand moved to her leg, but this time I slid it around under her leg, until I was touching her inner thigh from underneath. Then I slid my arm upwards. She surreptitiously shifted her leg to allow me access, until she was essentially sat on my arm, and my hand made contact with her crotch.
It wasn't particularly comfortable, but it was definitely worth it. I rubbed my hand against her pussy through her jeans, feeling her legs clench my hand with the pleasure. I glanced across at her face to see that she that her face was flushed a deep pink. She studiously avoided my gaze.
I rubbed her enthusiastically, moving my fingers up and down before I zeroed in towards her clit. The awkward position, her jeans in the way and my inexperience meant that I didn't find it immediately, but after a second I was rewarded with a gasp that surely meant I had found my prize.
I knew from our sexting that she was far from gentle when she masturbated, so I went at her vigorously, drawing a couple of soft moans as the pleasure got the better of her. Unfortunately, this drew the attention of the girl sat in front of us, who looked round curiously.
Annie didn't notice, and I certainly wasn't going to stop, so I decided to brazen it out. I'm sure we looked very suspicious, with her apparently sat on my arm, which seemed to be jiggling furiously, but I looked the girl dead in the eyes. My aim was to be so bold as to make her doubt that I could be really be so shameless in doing what I was doing, but it turned me on massively to look that girl eyes as I fingered Annie right in front of her. I was almost tempted to wink, but resisted.
The girl looked away, but was now turned sideways and kept glancing in our direction; she was clearly watching while pretending not to. Meanwhile, I felt Annie's legs clenching and unclenching on my hand, and glancing across saw her mouth hanging open in a pant, her cheeks now very red.
"Oh," that was the only outward sign as she reached her orgasm. I continued rubbing for a minute, more slowly now, before bringing my hand away. After a few minutes, the performance ended, and our names were called up as the next performers. I saw the panic on Annie's face: she had clearly forgotten we were next up.
So we set up the stage with our group, her still coming down from her orgasm, me sporting a rock hard erection, and took up our positions alongside each other. Just as the lights came down for the start of the performance I reached over and gave her ass a quick squeeze.
I honestly remember nothing about the performance itself, but I do remember us taking our seats again after it finished. And I'll never forget the look of lust she gave me when I slid my hand back under leg, nor the moan she couldn't help but emit when I leaned over and whispered "We've got another three hours of this".