Nigkala Tales Pt. 37: The World is Hollow
But it's not our world
Thanks to my editor kenjisato. Also, to LanguageTool. Combined, they put me right. Any problems left all belong to me.
= = = = = = = = = =
Asteroid 2019 OK was discovered twenty-four hours before it was set to whiz past the Earth at a distance of just 48,000 miles, traveling at 55,000 miles per hour. It was estimated to measure between 195 and 425 feet (60 to 130 meters) in diameter.
What if such a meteor had hit? Our heroine finds out...
= = = = = = = = = =
Apparently, my cosplay gained the attention of the marketing people of Viking Cruises. They liked my Valkyrie outfit so much, they hired me to play the role on their cruise ships for a year. While I started out doing cruises in northern Europe, I wound up on a number of different cruise routes. Today marked the second time I was embarking on the 'Panama Canal & Central America' cruise. I was on greeting duty wearing my leather armor and helmet, but without my weapons. My name tag proclaimed me to be Ricci Olafdottir, Valkyrie, and had the cruise line's logo.
While the employees are not normally allowed to seriously fraternize with the guests, I had negotiated an exception. I could not ask, but I could accept. Somehow, the guests always learned this the first day, and as I made the rounds of the various bars on the ship telling stories, I would get multiple invitations. I usually accepted three or four, spaced throughout the night. Sometimes, I had to act as a bouncer. When I did, just standing there was sufficient for most, and An's power sufficed for the few that it wasn't.
Three times a day, I demonstrated my battle skills in full armor. One guest came up to me, clearly interested in my equipment. So I said, "Do you have some questions about my equipment?"
"Yes. It looks so real."
"That's because it is. Would you like to examine it more closely?"
"May I?"
"You may. Take my shield, and hold it like you are defending." I handed him my shield.
"It's heavy."
"Yes. The wood is easily replaceable, and blunts many attacks. The metal backing helps against those who would use bullets. I haven't had anyone shoot at me with bullets yet. Part of being a true warrior was to be strong enough to carry your equipment into battle, and fight there for hours."
"That seems unlikely."
"Yet, it is true. I have been in battle, dressed this way."
"You have? For hours?"
"Quite so. When I custom made this armor, I tested it with the local Live Action Role Play group. Most don't last too long, because they tire out, but I would just engage another. After a long day, I would relax, telling stories of the day's battles, then heading to someone else's tent for some horizontal battles."
"You fought lying down?"
"And without armor... or clothing."
"Oh!... Um... What are these marks on the back of the shield?"
"The Vikings believed runes could have magical power. These represent that."
"I thought they didn't believe in magic."
"Oh, they surely did. Freya was a goddess of magic, and Odin created the magic of the runes."
He handed me the shield, and I put it back on.
"How about the sword?"
"You may not swing it, but I'll let you see how heavy it is." I handed it to him.
"It's lighter than I expected. Kind of big, though."
"My size lets me make good use of a bigger sword. However, it is heavier than most swords. Remember, in battle you aren't merely holding it, but you are swinging it a lot. That takes more strength than a shield." I took the sword back, and put it back in its sheath.
"Thank you. I look forward to hearing your tales tonight."
After he left, a woman came to me and asked, "What made you get into playing the hero? It's not something most women want."
"Quite so. I grew up on adventure books, and loved the ones with a woman heroine. So I worked hard, learned to fight, and later to make costumes, and now, here I am. A real-life hero. Or, at least, I like to think so."
"You're not an actor?"
"Well, I actually am, but I am also a trained fighter. It makes looking the part a lot easier."
I usually fielded a number of questions after each demo. While I also had questions in the bars, I often would be more in character, even to affecting a Norse accent. After all the time I spent as a Valkyrie, I had plenty of stories to last the four trips I would make on each of several cruises. I never repeated a story, but I did change a few details depending on who was listening. I wanted my stories to incite passion, not trouble, or disgust.
While people were spellbound with my stories, I usually sought the sickest in the room, and applied Inanna's healing. Most times, it was fairly simple, like sea-sickness or drunkenness, but occasionally it was something more. I tried to do only non-seen healing. If I felt someone needed something more, I would try to do some more powerful healing while they were asleep.
Mornings, I often hung out near the pool, or in the gym. Few recognized me, as the armor obscured my four breasts. I chose not to be too provocative, as I was 'entertainment', and didn't want complaints. As for my nightly sex, I only accepted requests from singles or threesomes with a married couple.
When we arrived at Cozumel, Mexico, I got to play tourist, but I had some responsibility for keeping a group of twenty-or-so passengers thinking they were safe in the ruins of San Gervasio. There, we saw where the locals worshiped Ix Chel, a Mayan goddess. We also saw lots of iguanas.
The next day, we got to see the Altun Ha ruins in Belize. These Mayan ruins were the first we saw with a pyramid. Heck, the local beer, "Belikin", used it as their logo. Again, I was there to 'protect' them should the need arise.
The day after, we were in Roatán, Honduras, as this place was known for the Carambola Gardens. Forty acres of wildlife and wilderness, designed for scenic views. This place was so well tended, I wasn't needed.
Then we had a day at sea, where the guests were told about the ecosystem of the Caribbean. I slept in, then headed to the gym, before I had my first demo of the day. With the guests on board all day, they were a lot livelier at the shipboard bars, so I kept them entertained with stories.
We arrived in Puerto Limón, Costa Rica, the next day, and the day after in Colón, Panama. Again, I stayed on ship, as this was essentially a city visit, followed by two days at sea. A tropical storm kept us wet from a distance, as we sailed. But it was headed to the gulf, and we would be leaving ahead of it.
Jamaica had the Dunn's River Falls. I used one of my 'free' days to walk them as a tourist. However, the local guides for our trip had me helping out everyone in the slippery water of the stepped falls. I didn't really mind, as I would have done it anyway, but the guests were grateful, nonetheless. The extra water from the storm didn't help, but at least they didn't cancel the trip. While there was time for the hour-and-a-half trip, we did have to get back on board without delay, so we could leave ahead of the storm.
The plan was to head west quickly, and then curl around the island and head east before the storm caught up to us. We were heading west, nearing the turning point, when the captain got a scary alert. It wasn't about the weather, but rather, a large meteor was found very close to the earth, and coming closer. They didn't know if it would hit, but it would be very close. Also, it was termed a 'city killer' sized meteor.
First, the captain increased the ship's speed, with a general announcement that we were trying to outrun the storm to avoid problems. Next, the captain quietly called several meetings to pass the word among the crew that we should prepare to handle panicked guests. He also reiterated all the safety procedures, so they would be fresh in our minds. As I was in one of the earlier meetings, I quickly got familiar with what I needed to do, and then, instead of waiting for the captain's next announcement, I pulled in An's power to give us a stiff tail wind. Nothing too noticeable, at first, but slowly adding to our speed. I kept it up until we needed to turn.
It was shortly after we rounded the island, that the captain spoke to everyone.
"All hands, all hands, everyone, please pay attention. Astronomers just discovered a large meteor heading Earth's way, and not that far away. It will likely miss, but if it doesn't, I want us headed to someplace we can safely ride it out. We expect it to pass in less than twenty-four hours, so we will be sailing non-stop to get in the deeper ocean waters near here. We will blow past Fort Lauderdale, our expected destination, so we can get far from land. Earlier, I briefed the crew about ship safety procedures, so please ask them sooner rather than later. If the worst happens, we will require all non-essential personnel to stay in their cabins. That is all."
Well, that put the hornet's nest among the guests. Again, I gave the ship a tail wind, but a little stronger this time. I did my best to calm everyone, including using An's authority to quiet them from time to time. I even did a fair rendition of the movie, "The Princess Bride", to lighten the mood in the largest bar. I used my storytelling skills to captivate everyone, so they would forget their fear for a while. Several others helped out, playing assorted parts. I played Fezzik, of course, but I also did a lot of narration for the other parts. By the time I finished, the bar was packed to overflowing.
I followed that with a recounting of "Alice in Wonderland", to the amusement of many. By then, it was late, so I told everyone to head to bed, and get some rest. Most left immediately, but some, like me, had a late-night meal first.
In the morning, I learned we had passed Fort Lauderdale, and were headed away from land at top speed. That's when we learned it would hit. Earth had no defense, as sending up a nuke was not guaranteed to work, and could make things far worse. We kept running for the deep ocean water, and even used the Gulf Stream to speed us on our way. I made a satellite call to Filipe, to reassure each other we were safe. Our neighbors came and stayed in our underground theater, as it was the best protected place about, and Isis was warding all three homes with her telekinetic shield, just in case it came near there. I told Filipe we were headed for deep water, so we should be safe, as long as it didn't land on us.
With that said, I hung up, and gave the next person in line the phone. Everyone was allowed one call, to reassure their loved ones they were relatively safe in deep water. I went back to monitoring the tailwind. As the hours passed, the news got worse and worse. Once it was learned it would hit somewhere in the area we were leaving, I decided to do what I could to adjust the weather to help. I figured a huge low pressure zone over the region would help by providing less air to be shoved by the shock wave when it hit. That turned the storm we were leaving behind into a Category 3 hurricane rather quickly. I also monitored the tracking information, and tried to center the storm at the expected impact point.
I almost did. It hit northwest of the storm, but close and in the gulf. We were already battened down for an expected tsunami, and the water strike meant it would happen. While the shockwave was less than it might have been, it also combined with the existing wind, sending a powerful wind our way. I did what I could to redirect the local winds into forcing it high, so it would blow over us. I also placed a telekinetic shield behind us, sloping up, so the wind that hit it would deflect up. When it hit, it was bad, and sent the ship at crazy speeds into the ocean, but the damage was not catastrophic. I let the shield down, saving it for later.
The crew started repair of the underwater damage as quickly as they could, so we wouldn't sink. I kept the wind about us as smooth as I could, to reduce the turbulence. When the captain announced the tsunami was about to hit, I put the shield back up, but this time, it was shaped to send the wave to either side of us. We would still get wet, but with less force, and less water. Again, bad, but not as bad as it would have been. Once it was past us, the captain came to a stop, as anything more would be hours later, if at all.
But I had a bad feeling. I felt some kind of energy, as though we had passed through a portal of some kind. I also felt my control over the weather and shield swiftly disappear. While I no longer had control of the air, I could still sense it, and it felt almost calm. I also felt the ship's rocking and bouncing stop.
"Queen Inanna? What happened?"
Silence. I waited a minute before calling again. "Queen Inanna? Where are you?"
Still nothing. After a minute, I tried for An, and when that failed, I tried for Isis. Again, silence. It seemed I was separated from them, and that we must have gone through a portal of some form.
I then tried my desert power, by making a small bolt of lightning go from one hand to the other. That worked just fine. It seems as though that part of my power remains, even when the god's power goes away. I felt that there was little I could do without information, so I waited for the all-clear from the captain. Surprisingly, it came ten minutes later.
Like most, I went up on deck, but instead of heading for the side of the ship, I went for height. I was in crew country, when I could go no farther without going into forbidden territory, or climbing. I knew my sword gave help to my senses, so I placed a hand on the hilt, and willed it to show me what was on the horizon. I was dumbfounded. Every way I looked, I could see land very far away, and it seemed to also be up a little from where I expected it to be. The distance was too much to actually tell what anything was.
I must have spent an hour looking, when my tattoo alerted me to trouble. Immediately, I looked around me, and saw nothing. I further opened my senses to the tattoo, and realized I needed to look up. Good thing I did, as something was coming down quickly, and with speed. Even as I uncovered the sharpness of my sword, I realized this was some kind of dinosaur, and not any kind of bird. It had no feathers, just a leather membrane of sorts.
I had no time, so I swung at it with the sword, and somehow severed one wing completely off. The body fell below me on the ship, but the wing landed beside me. I quickly scanned the sky for other predators, and did not see any on this side of the ship. Picking up the wing in my other hand, I hurried to the other side to scan the sky there. I saw two more, but far off. I hurried to the bridge with my gristly trophy.
I knocked on the door, and was told they were busy, I yelled back. "We have a new problem. Let me in. I need to see the captain immediately."
While I waited, I cleaned the sword, and restored its dullness illusion. A minute later, I yelled again, "I mean it. We have a problem."
"Go away, we're busy."
I tried the door, and found it was locked. I used Alec's teaching, and some telekinetic ability, and unlocked it. Then I opened the door, and walked in holding the wing up for all to see.
"Captain Karlsson, we have a problem. I was just attacked from the sky by some kind of dinosaur. I killed it, by slicing it in two. This is its wing, and the rest of the body is on the deck below near the Tiki Bar. The ship needs to set watch for more, as I spotted two more to port, but far off.
I heard some cursing, and recognized what he was saying. So I replied in the same tongue, "No need to curse. But action is needed, or we could lose people."
That surprised him, as most of the crew didn't speak German, but English as they were based out of the US. But he was silent only for a few moments.
"What do you mean, lose people?"
"Examine this wing, and the rest of the body on the deck. It came at me with lethal intent. I have a weapon capable of dealing with it, but most will not. The two I saw may decide to come over for lunch, given it's noonish."
"It's nearly three, not noon."
"Odd. The sun is directly overhead."
"You sure?"
"Check the shadows outside. How long are they."
I heard some more cursing in German. "How is this possible?"
"I felt something just after the wave hit. I have felt it before. It was some kind of portal between worlds. I don't think we are on Earth anymore."
Just then, someone quietly trying to make connection with a satellite spoke up. "Captain, that would explain why we can't find the satellite link."
The captain glared at him, then spoke to me, "Get that carcass out of here. I'll set up a watch. Jenkins!"
"Yes sir!"
"Does the radar have the two... creatures... on screen?"
"... Um, no sir. If they are organics, we won't see them well, unless they mass."
"Then call below and get some sharp eyes on watch." He then glared at me.
"Thank you, Captain."
I then backed out, and reunited the wing with the creature's body. However, there was quite a crowd checking it out. Looking at it lying at my feet, wondering how it existed now.
Someone asked, "Did you kill it?"
"When it dive-bombed me, I had no choice. Anyone know what it is? It looks like a pterodactyl."
"Yeah. But they're extinct."
"Some extinct species have been found, not many, and I don't think this was ever one of those."
"You think there are more?"
"Where there is one, there is likely more."
Everyone started looking up.
"The captain is on it, and will warn us to go inside if needed. In the meantime, I'm heading to the Tiki Bar to tell stories. Anyone coming?" I then turned and went in the nearby bar, and took up my usual position at the microphone. I gave it a minute before launching on yet another story. When that one finished, I started another, and another, until the captain issued some new commands. I finished the story quickly, then went to my room to check my stuff.
I pulled out my flatpack, and emptied it to see what all I had. Then I put most of it back. The things I kept out were the predator talisman, my magic battery, and all my Valkyrie equipment. I had noticed it was still noon by the sun, even though my stories went on for several hours. So, not only not on Earth, but someplace with a very long day. I planned to be ready.
I was still in my room when a steward knocked to deliver a message from the captain. He wanted to see me in his office, with my sword. When I got there, I knocked, and announced myself.
"Enter."
He gestured, and I sat down across the desk from him.
"Ricci. You are an anomaly. The company checked your sword was a prop sword that couldn't cut anyone, and yet you sliced cleanly through that pterodactyl in a single slice. We saw it on the video recording. Might I see it now?"
I stood briefly to unbuckle it, and laid it, still in the sheath, on the desk. He picked it up, and pulled it out a little, and tested it on a piece of paper. When that failed, he carefully ran a finger across the edge. "Is this the same sword?"
"Yes."
"You also knew we weren't on Earth before anyone else. You said something about a portal? Tell me about that."
I thought a bit, and decided to trust him. "I am more that I seem. Magic is real. I am a priestess, and it was me who provided the trailing wind after hearing about the meteor. I believe it helped put a significant number of miles between us, and helped to spare the ship. When the shockwave came, and later when the tsunami came, I placed some shielding between us to deflect its power. Again, sparing the ship. But soon, while still being carried by the tsunami, I felt the magic of a portal. But when it passed, I found my divine magic cut off. That's how I knew we weren't on Earth anymore."
"You would have me believe in magic?"
"Take out the sword, all the way."
He did. "And...?"
I placed my hand on the hilt, and willed it to dagger form, but still dull.
The captain spoke softly, but it took a while to parse the string of cursing, as it was in several languages. Eventually, he said, "Impossible."
He again tried the paper, and it failed to cut. "What use is a blade that doesn't cut?"
"That blade is quite sharp, but secured from harming by a magical sheath." I again placed my hand on the blade. "Try it now."
He did, and the paper cut easily, and cleanly. He looked up at me, and I just touched the handle again, and it was the dull sword again. "I am well aware of how lethal that blade can be. In the hands of an expert, it could take down a small army, provided ranged weapons weren't a factor. I am such an expert."
It took him a moment, but he said, "That is disturbing, but less so than expected. Your file indicates you are lethal unarmed, so giving you a weapon doesn't make you that much more lethal. I already know you are a polite bouncer, at need, so I'm not concerned. I do feel, however, that we are going to need your skills. I think we are going to be stuck here for a while, until we figure out how to get home. That means finding food and fuel, which means we must face the wilderness. That's where you come in. I want you to lead that when it happens."
"I do have wilderness survival skills, as well as good practical experience in the wilderness."
"I'm glad. As for getting back home, we seem to be in some sort of huge lake, as all the land we see is above the horizon, not at it. The good news is radar seems to indicate other ships to port. Yes, we spotted the creatures also. We also think there is a port town, as well. I have a feeling we may need you. Tell me, is your armor functional?"
"Yes."
"Too bad you don't have access to your magic anymore. That might prove useful."
"Well..., I don't have access to the greater portion of it, but I do have access to some. I also learned that I can generate priestly magic through sex."
"Yeah, right. Pull the other one."
"It's true. I am a priestess of the Sumerian goddess, Inanna. She is a goddess of war and sex. Participating in either generates her power, and some stays with me. I also have several talismans with me, and they each have their own power. One that you might find useful is one I call 'The Predator'. It summons a creature that enjoys hunting, and is quite deadly. But it doesn't mind keeping watch, and is also willing to share its senses with me. The latter allows me to scout without moving, because I see what it sees."
"You're right. That could prove useful. Why tell me all this?"
"As Captain, you are charged with the safety of the crew and passengers. You are also in command of the same. By telling you, I help you succeed in keeping us safe. Also, I will need time to do research to find a way home, as I am not aware of any others that might help."
"So what do you suggest?"
"First priority is survival. That means food. Fishing is likely, but a town seems to be better for getting information we need. I am gifted with languages, but that may not be needed, if others from Earth came here. Next is security. This ship eats power, so movement should be kept to a minimum. We'll need all we can get to return. Third is exploration. We don't know what is out there, and that could be fatal. Another reason to go to port and park. The locals will know much more than us."
"They may not be friendly."
"Consider me an army of one. I can do a huge amount of damage, but my weak spot is I cannot cover the non-combatants. And if we stay here, they may come to us. If we have to abandon ship, near shore would be better. Does my opinion help?"
"It aligns well with mine. But your... abilities... gives me more options. I will contact you when I have made some decisions. Oh, and thanks for the storytelling. Distracting the guests definitely helped."
"Panicked people make bad decisions. They also get in the way of those trying to solve problems."
"True. I'll see you later." He got up, so I did as well, and took my sword. Afterwards, I decided to meditate with the demon knowledge diamond. I wanted to look for information about portals, and how to re-establish my link to my gods.
I had barely started, when the captain announced we were lost, but there was a port in sight. He also advised all to lock their doors, as it might not be friendly. So I put the diamond back in the flatpack, and instead, opened my mind to what was about the ship. I was surprised at the life I sensed below in the water. As I expanded my awareness, I realized there was a lot of life within this sea. I just meditated to learn the patterns of the life below, and I waited for contact with other ships or the port.
It took longer than expected for me to detect a contact, as I had seen the town. Still, I recognized a ship. I focused my awareness on the ship, and learned it was crewed by people that thought like humans. Soon after, I realized that they thought of us as prey. I stopped meditating, and hurried to the bridge. I saw they were quite busy, and had seen the ship, so I waited outside. I moved to where I could watch the approaching ship while still paying some attention on the bridge.
Focusing my sight on that ship, I willed the additional information the sword's demon's power could give me, and suddenly it was like I was there. It looked like the crew could have come from an old black-and-white film about pirates. I could see some old-fashioned pistols, but nothing modern looking. I scanned the ship for weapons, and soon discovered the telltale signs of cannons. While this ship was secure against weather, deliberate attack could get through. So I considered what I might do, should they attack.
While I waited, I tried to focus on what their commander was saying. It took a fair amount of effort, but eventually I did. The first words I understood were, "... drives their ship?" It was difficult to understand, but seemed to be related to Spanish. It only took a little more effort to understand their thoughts enough to understand their words.
Their captain replied, "It matters not. My examination of the ship shows no signs of war, and much of pleasure. Likewise, no one I have spied seemed to carry weapons, save one. She looks formidable, but she is one and we are many."
"So they are easy prey?"
"Perhaps. Their hull does not look like wood, but may be stronger. Ready a shot across their bow. We shall see if they are weak."
"Aye, aye, sir."
Little was said, until the captain ordered the warning shot. A few seconds later, we heard the retort of a cannon, then saw a little later the splash in the waters ahead of us. Then I heard a commotion on our bridge, starting with some choice curse words. The captain at his finest.
The pilot said, "What the hell?"
Between the curse words, the captain said, "They shot at us. Turn to them. We'll have a smaller cross section, and that stupid icebreaker upgrade may finally see use."
"You mean we are going to ram them?"
"Only if they don't change course. We're slow enough, they'll have plenty of time to adjust their course. I suggest you quickly look up the collision protocol."
"Yes, sir."
Realizing what was likely to happen, I headed quietly to the bow, and once there, I prepared to invoke a brief shield between our icebreaker and the other ship. I also looked about to secure myself from a sudden deceleration, and found some rope I could secure myself with. I waited to see what would happen.
The game of chicken got close, but the other ship veered off, and slowed down. Since they didn't fire on us, I was surprised the captain ordered the ship to stop. I took the rope off and returned it. Then I went to the nearest part of the ship to the other ship. I saw them lower a boat, and begin to row toward us. I headed towards the official receiving delegation, but stayed behind them. While they noted me, they said nothing. I also hung back, signaling I was not part of the official party.
It soon became clear that there was no common language, but I could understand it due to my previous spying. So I walked up to them, then said, "Silence", loudly in both languages. That I knew both languages surprised everyone. I pointed to the apparent leader of the boarding party, and said, "Speak. Keep it short."
I translated after he spoke, then did the same going the other way. Soon, it came about that they were here to discuss a port entry fee. I opened my senses to see what they really wanted. I learned they were not officials authorized to collect such a payment, but that sometimes the port would let them extort the fee for them for half the value. At a lull in the talk, I asked them for a moment to confer with the one doing the talking for us. Our captain had not indicated he was the captain, so I didn't either.
I walked next to him, then said quietly, "Sir, if I focus, I can know truth when I hear it. They are not official fee collectors, but rather are allowed to collect more if they pay the fee from what they collect. Also, they are curious of our hull. They did not fire because they weren't sure they could damage us sufficiently."
He replied, "That's more than just truth."
"Yes. As I mentioned before, I have many secrets. Based on what I have seen, I can take their ship by myself, but if I were to try, they might go after this ship. I would rather not, for a number of reasons. I just wanted you to know you have the option."
"I see. What is your opinion?"
"I think that we could get to port safely, if we pay their fee. Possibly with an introduction. We might also be able to have some people get language lessons, if you want. As to fees, I have many pearls I am willing to provide, especially if I can trade for some local cash. Again, up to you."
"Many?"
I just nodded.
"I see. I am inclined to pay your pearls for safe passage. I think we should anchor somewhere out of the way, as we will stay for a long time, I suspect."
"I will convey that, then."
"Good. Well let's continue. Let him know."
I walked back, and said, "We are willing to pay the port fee, and for safe passage to anchor. We would also like to hire some of your crew to teach some of us your language."
Their negotiator, who was their captain, who had not introduced himself, said, "Well then, the port fee is four doubloons, and for an extra one, we'll see you safe to anchor and let two of our crew teach you how to speak our language. I am curious how you can, though."
"I have a gift for languages. But the doubloons are a problem. We don't use them for currency, and have none on board. However, I do have these, which I see you value." While I pulled a few pearls from a pocket, I indicated his fancy sword with pearl inlay.
"Aye, we do like them, but for what you want, we'll need twelve pearls like those."
"I saw your crew react. I know they are worth more. Eight."
"You see too much." I grinned at him. "How about ten."
"Deal." I reached into my pocket and pulled out a few more. "Half now, and half when we are safe in port with two teachers. And I want literate ones, not stupid ones. If they teach stupidly, it will reflect badly on you, and I will come for the two pearls we paid for good service."
He took the pearls, and said, "Deal." Then he told his people to return to their small boat to return to their ship.
Seeing them leave, the captain said, "They took the deal? What was the bargaining about?"
"Yes. Port fee, safe anchorage, and two literate language teachers. I suggest setting up in a conference room with recording facilities. The bargaining was to indicate we are not rubes, nor easy marks. I feel it will go a long ways to setting the expectations of the locals, and make them more interested in working with us."
"Please see me soon after we drop anchor or dock."
"Yes, sir."
He then left, taking his party with him. I watched the other ship get underway, and we followed behind. When I felt things were going well, I went back to my room, and created two wooden chests, that I then filled with pearls I also created. As I could not access metal, I made the chests as Chinese puzzle boxes. I put two in my flatpack. When the captain announced we were anchored, I took the remaining one with me to the captain's office. I didn't have to wait long for him.
"Hello Captain."
"Hello. Please come in, and close the door." I did. "We are definitely the center of attention. Our people will have to be on watch here. I don't like the looks of this place, but at least we are safe for now. You seem to be confident of your ability to handle yourself. Can you tell me why?"
"I have lived in many places, some quite primitive. I have learned how to handle myself in many societies. With my extra abilities, I have flourished wherever I have stayed."
"You mentioned you could take the ship. How?"
"I am a master of the martial arts, and also have taught such. With my strength and stamina, I can last quite a while. I am also an expert, if not master, of the sword. As you saw, it has some tricks, and such make me even more effective. As a priestess of a war goddess, I also have been gifted, some of which I still retain without her presence."
"I see. So it was not an idle boast."
"No. Rather a somber certainty of what I could do, were I so inclined. But I am only one, and easy to get around without engaging me. So if you want my help, know my limitations."
"I'll keep that in mind. We expect the teachers will arrive shortly. Do you have the pearls?"
I picked up the box, and laid it on his desk. I then swiftly solved the simple puzzle, and opened it. "See for yourself."
It is not often I hear happy cursing, but he was very pleased. Eventually, he added, "Where have you been hiding this?"
"These are magically created. They will not disappear, or otherwise go bad. I have used such as trade goods before. But like any such, the law of supply and demand will change their value, unless there is an imposed standard price. I suspect the doubloons may be such a standardized coinage, but it might only be a local standard, with a different standard prevailing in another location. Use them wisely. The box is also created, but since I cannot do metal, making a box that won't fall open required the puzzle. I suggest you secure it in the purser's safe." Pulling out five pearls and handing them to him, I closed the box and reset the puzzle.
"Looks like you have everything covered."
"Not yet. I want to see if these people are humans like us, or just look like us. It could be important for the food situation."
"Huh?"
"If they are not real humans, they might be able to eat what would kill us. If so, better we know it now, before someone is poisoned. If they are like us, then we can buy regular food from them, as well as fish over the side of the boat, if it seems reasonable. Otherwise, we could have a problem with the food. I also suggest you rig up ways to collect fresh water from the rain, as it will save energy. We don't know how long we will be here, and I don't think you want to use up all the fuel just waiting. Likewise, cooking on deck with wood can save fuel. But that is your decision, not mine."
"You've thought about this before, haven't you?"
"Yes. The first time, it was keeping a cell phone charged, with no cell service, and only a solar charger. For over a year, I had to be careful about storing too much stuff, as well as power issues. But it was good practice."
"You are a remarkable woman, Becky Sue. Thank you." He then ended the meeting. I waited for the teachers to arrive, as I expected I would need to assist the initial lessons.
They came soon, and I helped get them set up. I also brought my tablet, and transcribed the lesson into English, so the crew could sync up the words and make a lexicon. They already recorded the session. Opening my senses, I added what I could pick out from their thoughts - additional words, usages, and phrases, as well as if they were slang, crude, polite, and so on. When they started to ask what I was doing, I whammied them to ignore my typing.
During a break, I used Inanna's healing sense to see if they were human like us, or just lookalikes. Best I could tell, is they were just like us. So I asked about their history, and opened my senses to learn all they knew. Being literate, they actually knew a little about history, and I learned these were the descendants of pirates of the seventeenth century, who had been raiding the Atlantic in the Caribbean Islands, when storms blew them here. I learned they revered Jacquotte Delahaye, a pirate queen of the Caribbean, as the founder of their current society.
While pirates historically are male only, there are exceptions of those who hide their gender. But she rose to power, and once she became a captain, she allowed women on her ships. She commanded over a hundred pirates, when the storm of fate hit. She lost one of her ships, and some from each ship, but enough survived to become pirates here. However, the tradition of male crew is no more. Some ships here will have almost a quarter of the crew be female.
Everyone soon learned that there was no day or night here, and only the ship's clocks kept track of the time. Over the next few days, according to ship time, I learned a lot about the port from the pirate crew, as they were based here. I compiled a report for the captain about the port town, so he could handle things better. Likewise, I made a report on the local language for use by others wanting to learn, and it was keyed to the recording so they could make a tutorial any could learn from. The captain required all the crew to get at least familiar, and the provisioning and enforcement people to be fluent, as they would be dealing with the locals the most. Training was also offered to the guests.
Since there was no night, everyone started referring to ship days to keep track of time. The next day, I prepared to go into town. I created a stash of amber, and gave the captain my cell phone number. While they usually turned cell service off in port, here they left it up. I recommended they text me if they needed me for something. The day after, I went into town, without my shield, and just the leather armor. I wanted to explore the town and get a better handle on what it had available that the ship could use, as well as what danger is posed. I also wanted to let them get used to us.
Over the next few days, I visited many shops, and bars, using my tale-spinning skill to get them to know us, as well as to elicit stories of their history. I kept the captain informed of my progress, and after a week, presented a compiled guide of the town. I also hired some locals to provide a ship-to-shore ferry to our ship so we wouldn't use our fuel, nor would we need to row ourselves. I hired three shifts, and as it was easy work for the pay, I got people who were friendly to us.
Once the captain allowed the guests to go ashore, with a guard, I started accepting requests for sex. I usually had sex with someone once or twice a day. My extra breasts was cause for a lot of talk, but I told everyone that they were just normal breasts.
One day, about three weeks after we arrived, I was in a bar telling stories, when a brawl broke out. Like most, I ignored it, until they ran into my table. Then I got up, and moving very quickly, I grabbed each by the neck. And lifted them up and away from me. I held them off the ground at arms length, until they stopped struggling.
"Gentlemen. Your unruly ways have disturbed my story. You will each pay for a round of drinks at this table, then you will leave. Is that clear?"
It took them a bit, but they finally agreed. I put them barely on the ground, but still held their necks, until they paid for the round. Then I let them leave. During this time, the whole bar went quiet, watching this play out. Without harming anyone, I showed them my skill at fighting, and my strength. Once they paid, I took a large drink and resumed my story. With me treating it as a nuisance, people were calm about it. But the gossip was rife with my supposed skill.
Continuing my daily excursions, I also researched for signs of magic, or magical knowledge. While I found a lot of superstition, I found only a little true magic. It was while I was out researching in the hills above town that another ship attacked. As soon as I got the text, I hurried back, however, my assistance was not needed. A number of marksmen had picked off the gunnery crews and captain of the attacker. It was a different ship than the one that had first accosted us. When I arrived on a winged horse, with my sword and shield, the pirate ship was quite surprised, and their morale dropped as fast as I did to drop to their deck. Smoke disappeared just before I fell on my cue. I landed in a tumble, exploding upright next to the wheel, where the first mate had assumed command.
"Surrender. Then we'll see what my ship's captain wills for you. Fail to surrender, and die."
He decided to shoot me, and I allowed him, as I had my protections up. Even as he realized the shot failed to penetrate my armor, I swiftly swung my sword, cutting off the hand still holding the pistol. He clutched his stump, then surrendered. The rest of the crew put down their arms. I used my helmet's bluetooth to activate my phone and call the captain.
"Captain, they have surrendered. Please send a prize crew, and a medic." The pirates looked at me oddly.
"Was that you flying in?"
"Yes. I used a lesser talisman. How soon can you send them?"
"The first mate is already on it. We're sending one of our boats, rather than wait for theirs."
"Any orders?"
"Wait for them, then report back."
"Yes, sir." I hung up.
After I stopped talking, one of the crew asked, "Who were you talking to?"
"My captain. Our people can speak with each other at great distances."
"Magic!"
I laughed. "No. Science. Just as your pistols are better than throwing rocks, so too is our radio over yelling."
"So what did he say?"
"He is sending a party over to deal with you. What they do is up to him. I recommend cooperation." I went over and took the fallen gun, and set the hand back down. A few minutes later, the first mate arrived with some others.
"Becky Sue, what's the situation?"
"Peaceful, for now. He needs the medic." I pointed at the one missing a hand. "He tried to shoot me, and lost his hand because of it."
The medic immediately went to him, and started treatment. He said, "That was a very clean cut. It should heal quickly, and without a problem."
Meanwhile, the first mate confiscated the obvious weapons, then searched the ship for other weapons. When that was done, he sent for the prize crew. When they came in a second boat, he took the leaders with him, and asked for me to join them, and the prize crew took over the ship, setting anchor, and ensuring the cannons were secured. It took almost three weeks, but they sold the ship, and let the crew go. The leaders, however, were held for another week, and let go separately, to break them up. At his request, we even gave the one guy a prosthetic hook hand.
After I had exhausted the town's information on magic, I asked the captain if it would be okay for me to explore the world. By this time, he, too, had realized we were not going back anytime soon, and that I would most likely be the one to find a way. So he gave me permission. I said goodbye, and that I would be back from time to time to check in. I would also have my phone off unless I was in town.
I bought passage on a pirate ship to another larger town. Part of my passage was paid for with my services as a healer. Every so often, I would go on deck, and into the rigging away from any crew, so I could study the environment. Opening my senses, including the new ones from my sword, Midnight, the demon bane, I studied the waters about me. I was looking for ley lines, that could power an attempt to get home, but also for anything else interesting. There was plenty of life in the sea, and we often ate fish. One day, I noticed a large creature loitering about ahead and a little to the side of our path.
A few hours later, an alarm went up, and everyone was told to get their weapons. I got prepared, and joined them on deck, only to find they were already engaged with a dinosaur attacking the ship. I had mistakenly thought the noise was thunder. It was gunfire, and we were facing some kind of sea monster.
Seeing how much damage had already happened to the lines, I decided to attack with the extra sharp option on my blade. I also used some of my limited air power to infuse my nerves with lightning. Then I ran in to attack, since others were already engaged. With my reach, I was able to attack its head first when it tried to grab us. My strength, and the sword's sharpness cut it deeply, so deeply it focused on me. When it tried to attack me again, I sliced it near enough the previous cut, that it opened a big gash in its face. While it made contact with me, I avoided being slashed, and was only knocked hard.
Quickly grabbing a line as I fell, I redirected myself to not fall, and from my new position I made a third cut. This time, a large chunk was cut out of its face. It reared up, and howled a great cry, shaking many in the crew. The few that had been helping me, backed up a bit, but some of the others were quickly reloading their guns. When it came at me this time, it opened its mouth, as though it wanted to swallow me. So as it neared, I pointed my blade into its open mouth and triggered the demonic black beam. That sort of worked. While I blew out its small brain, it managed to swallow me.
I could see the hole I had already sliced into its face, so I did my best to widen that hole before it dragged me off the ship. While it wasn't really moving, I didn't have much room to swing. I had to shorten the blade to get enough room to take a small swing, but it was enough to make two more slices, connecting the hole to the jaw. I then pushed it out, and jumped through the larger hole. Unfortunately, its body had pulled the long neck, causing the head to leave the boat, and I landed in the water.
I shouted, "Stop the ship! I'm in the water!"
While I could swim, I first placed the sword in non-lethal mode and washed it. Then I returned its size and sheathed it. Then I focused on the ship. Either they heard me, or saw me, as they were lowering a knotted rope over the side.
I headed for it, and when I finally got on board, they said, "You're a hero. Usually, when a sea monster like that attacks, the ship will lose a few, or even go down."
"Is everyone else okay?"
"Yes, thanks to you. Rigel has a broken arm, but he's alive to grumble about it, so he's fine."
"In that case, let me dry off, and I'll look in on him."
"What was that dark burst from you weapon?"
"I fought a demon with it once. When I killed the demon, the blade took some of its power. Its name is Midnight, the demon bane."
"Demons aren't real."
"You go on and believe that. I'll believe otherwise. Still, it is a power I am reluctant to use, as it can be quite deadly. So, tell me, how common are sea monsters?"
"Well, stories say you can make twenty to thirty voyages before your number comes up, but only one in ten is a ship reported sunk to such. However, those are the attacks that are seen. Ships go missing all the time."
"So, you think we might get attacked again before we make port?"
"I doubt it. But then I didn't expect this attack, either. Still, such big predators usually keep other big predators away."
"In that case, I'll go clean up." I then left for my cabin, where I locked the door, then pulled out one of my jars of sand. Using my desert power, I cause the sand to heat, and drive off the water from me. I also changed into something clean and dry. I also put on my magic headband so I could power some healing.
Returning, I asked after the injured crewman, and was directed to his hammock. There, I asked to see his wounds. He had far more damage than they had led me to believe, but only the broken arm was significant. I told him to relax, and whammied him into sleep. Then I undid the bandages on the arm, straightened it out, and with Inanna's healing and the headband's magic, I healed his broken bone. I didn't touch the rest, as I wanted to save the magic in the battery until I could refill it.
After the next meal, I was asked by one of the crewmen if I wanted to celebrate with a bit of sex. I agreed. While we went below decks, there was little privacy, especially as we weren't that quiet.
Eventually, the hurt crewman woke, and to everyone's surprise, his arm was healed. Eventually, they asked me if I had anything to do with it.
"I am many things. One is a priestess of Inanna, goddess of sex and war. One of her gifts is for battle, the gift of healing. I am cut off from her at the moment, but I still have a little of her power, and used it."
"Do you have much power?'
"Now, no, but I can gain power through sex. I likely can gain it in battle, but that is not as enjoyable, nor as easy to have."
"We saw your skill at battle with the sea monster, and your enthusiasm with sex was overheard by several."
"I enjoy sex, and usually have it once every few meals." I had to remember they didn't measure time here. "But sometimes, I would be in an orgy, and serve her with lots of sex."
"What's it like having sex with four breasts?"
"For me, it is normal. For others, it means they can play with both hands on my breasts while still sucking on a nipple. If I'm doing several people, there is more of me to go around. I can even give a pair of men titty fucks from the sides while another is pounding in my pussy, and yet another is sticking it down my throat."
"Does this mean you are a whore?"
"I think of myself more as a courtesan than a whore. I have far more skill, and education than most whores, yet many have called us, her divine whores. I don't mind the title, but think it fails to describe all my skills."
One of those listening in asked, "How much do you charge?"
"I don't have a set fee, nor do I really know what to charge here. However, I have found that asking for donations has worked. People don't like others thinking they didn't give me enough when others hear what they got. I'm willing to freely have sex, asking that you donate what you think I am worth."
Several started shouting that they wanted to have sex with me. I calmed them down, and said, "I am more than happy to do so, but I don't want to make the captain mad, so only one at a time, and only when you are not on duty. I am also willing to accept good tales, to help me learn about this place."
I spent the next twenty hours having sex with one after another, breaking only for meals and restroom needs. I wound up doing everyone on board. Then I went to sleep, asking not to be disturbed, so I could rest. When I got up, at the first meal, I was again asked for sex. Little did I realize I would be having sex with all the crewmen before I called it a day.
The next day, that is, after I slept, I was again asked for sex repeatedly. However, at the first meal break, instead of getting dressed, I just put on shoes and a belt with a knife and a few other things, and headed on deck.
One of the officers asked, "How come you're naked?"
"By now, everyone has had sex with me twice, so you all know what I look like. With good weather, there is no longer a need to wear clothes, and they just take extra time to get dressed and undressed. I would like to see the water, and sky, while on this trip. And if the captain doesn't mind, I would like to stay on deck when having sex, so I can enjoy the bright outdoors."
During the meal, there was a lively discussion about me being on deck having sex. Eventually, the captain decided it would be fine, as long as we did it out of the way. I soon learned that meant on top of the closed hold doors, as that was the only space with plenty of room, and without people running back and forth on it. I went and got a large blanket, and laid it on the doors, and then when someone asked for sex, we had it there.
As I was having sex with everyone everyday, I used Inanna's healing to ensure they were healthy, as their sex could power what little I had to do, and I kept the battery topped off. I still slept below decks, as it was darker there, and the crew left me alone. I got a nice tan, with no tan lines, and was entertained by a lot of stories. When someone started telling a story, I opened my mind to get all the side bands, so that by the time the voyage was over, I could dress and act like a local. Also, as some either didn't have a story, or didn't want to tell one, I also collected a bit of treasure. As the journey went on, it seemed I was having more sex between sleeping. Even so, I still had time to seek out ley lines along the way.
Finally, they sighted the port we were headed for. I went below to dress, but decided to dress as a local. Going through all the stories I had listened to, I realized that they had priestesses, and generally recognized them as being from the more savage areas. Considering their usual attire, I decided to wear a loincloth and leather boots. I added a wig of shoulder-length hair, like I used in Egypt. Lastly, I added a belt with a scabbard for my sword, and some pouches for little things, including my phone and some money. The rest went into my flatpack, and that into a backpack I wore. I added some assorted jewelry, I had to complete the look of a savage priestess. I asked the crew to not let on I was anything other than a priestess they were paid to bring here. They agreed, thinking it funny.
While my loincloth did a fair job of covering my butt when I sat, it failed often in keeping my pussy hidden. If I bent over, or a breeze came along, it flapped about, showing everything. I was actually surprised that everyone accepted my disguise. Granted, everyone stared at my breasts, but I expected that. I began by seeking out places of learning, and trying to find out about magic here. And any other mysterious things, like psychic or scientific things.
To sleep, I would usually find an empty corner, and lay down next to it, before creating a solid illusion of a false wall. This gave me shade, and kept others from disturbing me. I would always check with my other senses to see when it was safe to dismiss the wall.
After the second sleep, someone came to me, and asked, "Are you the priestess that came on the ship?"
"Yes, why?"
"My father's been hurt, and they say you can heal broken bones."
"Take me there."
Soon, we were on the way to a construction site. Off to one side were several people looking anxious. It was clear several were hurt. I was taken to one of them, but next to him were two others.
I said, "Clear the way. I am a healer. Let me see them."
While I got questioning looks, they did clear the way. I went in, and examined each of them. I then went to the one with internal bleeding, as he would soon die if that was not dealt with. I laid my hands upon his chest, and spoke in Sumerian, invoking Inanna's name, and then channeled some power from the headband through her healing, and cured the bleeding. None of the others was in as much danger, so I could now take my time and examine their bones and everything else with enough time to do it thoroughly.
Soon enough, I had an understanding of the damage they had taken, and I proceeded to heal only the damage that would keep them from working. Many were astounded when they got back up, hurt, but functional.
That's when I heard from the one who brought me, "If you'll come with me, I have a discreet place I can pay you for your services. You don't have to be quiet, as the rooms are usually used for sex."
I was surprised, so I asked, even as I followed him, "Why do you want to have sex with me?"
"Well, I heard your goddess gives you healing in return for offering her sex."
"Well, healing is not her main thing, but okay. I think it will be acceptable."
Three blocks over, and we found ourselves in the local bar that rented rooms. He rented one, and no one paid any attention as we headed up for sex. Afterwards, coming down the stairs, no one said anything, so I decided to have a meal, and let the other one go.
Some days were interesting like this, but most were filled with dead ends. I did, however, get a rumor of an ancient city that had all sorts of strange things, including scientific tools and histories. It was the most promising of my leads. I was able to find maps I could copy that gave me a path to the area where the city was rumored to be. I then sought out a way there. As expected, there was no direct path. Instead, I would take several caravans by way of three cities before I would have to strike out on my own.
Between the treasure I got on the voyage, and the pearls I could make, I had no trouble paying for a ride. I still took a watch, as the open land is not that safe. Still, I rode most of the time, and on an unexpected mount. A mastodon. It didn't take long to learn to ride them, as several would ride each one, and I just did as the other passengers did. However, I did pay attention to what the driver did, in case I needed to do it also.
As I had to arrange each passage separately, I spent time in each of the cities to research both magic, and the rumored city I was headed for. On my way, I found that everyone knew of my willingness for sex, and I was frequently asked to have sex. Since I wore so little, I didn't have to take off anything to have sex. I also learned to be careful when having sex while riding on a mastodon. I fell off twice before figuring out how to anchor myself sufficiently. By the second town, they no longer remembered the healing part, but just thought of me as a priestess of a sex goddess.
It was on the third and last caravan trip that we encountered a pack of saber-toothed tigers. These things hunted mastodons and people. I quickly got my headband out, and put it on, so I could power a shield while essentially naked. Then I jumped off my ride, and landed, sword out. Remembering what Inanna said about the big cats, I recalled what she said, and projected the same here. Then I went towards the nearest tiger. It let me walk right up to it, without showing any sign of concern or desire. I reached out mentally, and learned it was female, and seemed to consider me one of the pack.
I cast a spell to create a large chunk of meat, the size of a large turkey. I then told her to eat this meat, and then call the others. I would provide easy meat if they would stop their attack. Even as she did that, I was busy creating similar chunks, spaced well apart. As they responded to her calls, each seemed to fall under Inanna's power, and they allowed me to lead them to their own chunk of meat.
Once they all had eaten, they were not full, by any means, but were no longer hungry enough to attack people. I sent them away, but one seemed to have latched onto me. It too, was female, but a young one. It was near enough the age of weaning, that it was used to hunting, but still young enough to want meat provided by a parent. Apparently, by providing meat, I had imprinted it to follow me, at least for now. I let the shield down, to not use up too much magic. I was surprised it had used so little. Probably because it had not been used to prevent anything.
Many had seen me walk out to the creatures, but not what I did. Keeping their weapons out when we came back, they asked, "What happened? And what is with... that?"
"My goddess has a thing about cats. They responded to my commands as hers. However, this one felt I would be a better parent to her than the pride she was with."
"Oh? And what are we supposed to do with her?"
"Nothing. Please put your weapons down. I won't let her harm you."
"There's no way she is riding one of our mounts."
"Then we will walk."
They grumbled at this, but since I kept her well fed and a bit away from the caravan, she never gave any indication of trouble. Entering the city was stressful, so I slipped her some meat to calm her, and opened my mind to her so she could be aware of my own sense of peace in this place.
I didn't stay long in the city, as her presence made others nervous. Still, I made enough connections to get a decent location for the rumored city. Apparently, there was a ravine in the plateau nearby. Somewhere about that, was the lost city. We set out, and headed directly for it. On the way, I had her practice hunting, while keeping her sufficiently fed for her to grow strong and swiftly. I don't remember how long it took to get there, but I did realize she had grown in that time. Climbing wasn't difficult, as she had four clawed feet, and I had climbing experience and reach.
Once on top of the plateau, I looked around and saw wilderness all over. I then grabbed my sword's handle and looked again, this time with the demon sight. I saw much further, and could barely see the water where I arrived. It seemed higher than I expected. I then turned and surveyed the plateau with that sight, but instead looked for signs of a city. Nothing. But I did locate the ravine not too far away. We headed there.
Between the demon sight, and the rock sense I had, I was able to quickly pass by empty land. Entering near the head of the ravine I was able to eliminate it as well. We followed the ravine for several days, and I had to feed the cat several times. However, when I slept, I was assured safety by the presence of the well-fed saber-toothed tiger. We finally exited the ravine, without finding the city, so we continued down the path of the stream at its bottom. Two days later, with the ravine miles away, I found the ruins.
Using all my senses, and also the demon sight, I was able to envision the ancient city. What most intrigued me was evidence of an extensive underground area. It took some time to find an entrance, but we went in. I used a small amount of magic to make light, so we could see where we were going. I went carefully, and impressed on my companion the need as well, so that we didn't trigger any collapse. We explored for several days before I found the first indications of still-working technology. I walked into a room, and lights sprang up.
I made that the new base of operations, and soon we found other places that lit up. I had been there nearly a month when I found the library. I expected to have a lot of difficulty figuring out the language, but to my surprise, it was a form of Greek. It looked odd, and it wasn't until I found a document that talked about this place, that I learned this was the fabled city of Atlantis.
That was quite a shock. Not only that it really existed, but that I had found it. I made many notes, and took lots of pictures of this place. Fortunately, my solar charger was able to keep the phone charged in this underground place. I routinely sent the tiger outside to practice hunting, and to also take care of business, as I did not want piles of fecal waste down here. I also routinely went outside until I found and learned how to use a working bathroom.
I lost track of time, but read everything in that small library. It was only meant for a local reference, and not a great library. But it did have maps, and I was able to locate several places where I could find more. Again, I went exploring, and eventually found a great library that was still working.
Soon after I entered, I heard a strange voice speak. It took me a few moments to realize this was the spoken language, again, related to Greek. While I did not know it, I did know Greek, so I replied in Greek.
"Welcome traveler," it said in Greek. "What brings you to this library?"
I was surprised it was able to speak the Greek I knew.
"I am looking for a way home. Not just for me, but for a ship carrying nearly two hundred people."
"And where is home?"
"We are lost. A great storm sent our ship here, a world unknown to my people. Yet, apparently there is some connection, as you know this language. I have already read that this is the city of Atlantis, a place my people have heard of, but think it's a myth, since it was lost so long ago. The people that spoke about this place called our world Gaia."
"I see. That is one of several worlds we studied."
"Do you know how to get us back there?"
"Yes, but only the knowledge, not the ability."
"Will you teach me?"
"That is restricted information."
"How then, can I get access?"
"You must get permission from one of the librarians, or of the council."
"I have been here quite a while, and seen no one. Is there anyone here besides myself?"
"Unknown... This will take a while. Please follow the path to a waiting area."
I sent the tiger outside to wait for me, along with a large chunk of meat. Then I followed the light on the floor to a waiting area. It had clearly seen better days, but was still operational. It felt like hours before another light appeared, and I was led to an office deep in the library. There, another voice greeted me.
"Hello, traveler. You seek the knowledge of interdimensional travel. That is dangerous information. Being lost is not sufficient reason to grant you access."
"Who are you?"
"I am a librarian."
"I see no one. Are you some form of machine intelligence?"
"That does not begin to define my being. However, when our bodies began to fail, we found a way to go beyond them. Some, like me, chose to stay and help future people. Most chose to explore new dimensions. None have returned that I know of."
"I have experienced other places beyond my native world. I am aware of my own limited knowledge of everything. I have access to some magic, and some science, that I expect to use to bring us back."
"There is no such thing as magic. What you think is magic is just another way to access reality."
"What of the gods?"
"They too, are merely beings with great access to power."
"I see. I am a priestess, and have met several of them. As they are far more powerful than I, I will not say they are not gods. But I digress. What can I learn about such travel?"
"You can be taught the rudimentary information that was common knowledge here. More than that will need testing, to see that you understand it, and its danger, and also testing you."
"What kind of test is the latter?"
"A test, not of knowledge, but of ethics. That you shall not abuse such power."
"Then I am ready to learn. When might I begin?"
"I expected this. A place has been designated for your study. Follow the path displayed."
The room darkened a little, and a light path was shown on the floor. As I followed it out, I turned around and saw the office go dark, along with the path behind me.
Eventually, I found myself in some kind of dorm. There was a bed in one small room, and a study area in the other. To one side was a small bathroom. The first thing I did was to create a new bed, as what was there had rotted out long ago. The study area, however, gleamed as though still new. Must be some kind of plastic. I made it a routine to sleep, wake, eat, go outside to feed the saber-toothed tiger, then return to study until I was tired.
I added notes to my phone log, and it was really the only way to tell how long I was here. With the constant daylight, my circadian rhythm was out of whack. Still, I persevered. To help keep things interesting, I asked to be taught their language, and also for a history of the city and people. I took lots of notes here. I was surprised at how much basic concepts I had to go through. Nearly all of them were ones I knew, but by other names and descriptions. When I asked, I was told that since I had shown aptitude in the sciences, not often seen in humans, that I was being tested in a broad array of fields. I was told that I appeared to be a gifted student, who has been exposed to many ideas, and learned quite a bit. Finally, I was told that I now knew as much about interdimensional travel as was available to the general public.
"To learn beyond this, you need to be tested."
"What would that entail?"
"First, an initial light scan of your mind, to see if you can handle the complexity of the topic, then if you pass, you will be taught a bit more. In your case, given the results of your initial teaching, I predict you will quickly learn this. Once this is finished, deeper scans will be needed to determine your suitability. If you pass, you will be taught more. There will be three such cycles needed, to gain the knowledge you seek."
"What will happen if I don't pass?"
"If you fail the test of learning, nothing. You will be allowed to try again later, after you have had additional courses in thinking. If you fail the test of suitability, it may be as simple as being denied further training. It could be as bad as having your recent training being wiped, along with your memory of this place, and you will find yourself on the surface, heading for the nearest city."
"What do you define as being suitable? I know of morality, ethics, and such."
"Both of these will be tested. If you are good, you will have greater access. If you are evil, you will find yourself losing what you learned. If you are between good and evil, then you will receive between these outcomes. For ethics, the more responsible you are with what you learn, the more areas you may learn in; the less responsible, and you will be limited in what you will be permitted to learn. If too irresponsible, you will fail to learn what you seek."
It was silent for a few seconds, then spoke again. "You know now the potential you might gain or lose. Do you wish to continue? Consider your answer well."
I know I am helpful, and consider myself good. I also know that others think of me that way, as well. So I was not worried about the morality side of things. The ethics side, was a bit more concerning, as I am often quite casual.
"I will accept your testing."
"Follow the path." A lighted path led me to another room by a curious route. When I got there, I was told to sit, and state when I was ready.
I sat, got comfortable, then said, "I am ready."
The lights dimmed, and a spotlight engulfed my head. It came from above, so I wasn't blinded, but I could not see anything in the room while the spotlight was on. As I waited, the voice spoke, "Think about the concepts I name."
I could feel a psychic intrusion into my mind, but not to harm. When a concept was named, I would concentrate on it, and I felt the psychic intrusion focus on it, and then probed it a little. When it was done probing, it went back to the wide field, and said another concept. This went on for some time, as many were named. Finally, the probe withdrew, and the lights returned to normal.
"You have passed easily. Please follow the light to return to your room."
I followed, and when I next spoke to my teacher, I asked, "Why was I taken on a circuitous route to the testing facility?"
It replied, "You were shown the shortest path still available."
"I find it sad that this facility is in such disrepair. Is there something I can do to help fix things?"
"Unknown. While you have shown a significant knowledge of concepts, putting them into practice is another matter."
"I would repay your generosity by helping to restore some portion of this facility. Can you seek out something significant I can repair that will aid the facility? I have some access to magical power, and am a crafter of jewelry, so I know how to handle precise work."
"Your offer is accepted. A search has now been initiated for a simple repair job that will provide a significant boost to the city. We shall now begin your next lesson."
I studied, getting up to stretch several times, before returning back to work. When I came back the fourth time, instead of the lesson, the voice asked, "A suitable drone has been located, that needs some repair to become operational. Once it is in working order, it can repair others. Do you wish to take a break from studying to work on this?"
"Yes. Just show me the way."
Immediately, a lighted path led out of the room. I grabbed my pack, and followed it. I was led into a workshop, where I was directed to another screen. On it, it indicated where I could find an operational hover cart, and also where to find the broken drone. I was to bring it back here for repairs.
I went and fetched the cart, and after testing a few of the buttons, figured it out. Heading to the broken drone, I parked next to it, and lifted it onto the cart. It was heavy, perhaps five hundred pounds. I took it slow and easy, so as to not hurt myself. Then I returned.
I found the screen now showing a toolkit, and a location in the room. I fetched it. While there was no audio, the screen gave me step-by-step instructions on how to open, and repair the unit enough to get it operational. Once I closed it up, and put it in a charging station, I was instructed to wait while it powered up, and went through its diagnostics. Only a few minutes passed when it maneuvered itself out of the charging cradle, and it went and returned with another similar unit. I watched as it did even more repairs to this unit, before taking it to a charging station. Once that unit was charging, it also went back to charging.
From the looks of the gauges, the first unit was only about five-percent charged, when it went after the second unit. But now, approaching twenty-five percent, the second unit left its cradle to work on the first unit. It made some stops at some supply bins to collect selected items it needed, before going back to the unit to finish its repairs. They worked on each other several times before they were both fully charged. That's when I noticed the screen was dark, and a path was lit for me. I followed it back to my dorm.
When I entered, the voice said, "Thank you. While the repair units can only handle simple repairs, there is much that can be fixed by simple repairs, including the floor-light system, and the clearing of debris. However, that is a lengthy task."
"When the time comes for a repair they cannot handle, I am willing to assist again."
"Again, thank you. When a sufficient assessment has shown a repair you can make, that is beyond their abilities, you will be notified."
We then resumed our lessons. At the start of each of my days, I asked to be shown the progress of repair with a simple map of the city. The map shown, was light on detail, but had the path I used to the surface, as well as to the testing room and repair room laid out. I watched as that tiny area slowly grew. Clearly, other service units were restored, as the area grew faster each day. Also made clear, was that there were large areas where no repairs were being made.
Perhaps a week later, I was again asked to assist with the repair of a heavier unit. It would need to be repaired on location, since no operating cart was capable of moving it. Once its mobility was restored, it could be floated to the nearest repair bay, where further work could be done. This time, one repair unit held a screen, another handed me the needed tools, and took the removed parts, and a third went for replacement parts. I must have worked for hours before I was able to close it up. Even then, I had to follow a repair unit to get a recharging cable that could be brought to the unit. While three hover carts held the weight, I had to get the cable onto them, and to connect it at each end. When that was done, I was directed to resume my study.
The next day, I was again working on it; first by removing the cord, and returning it. Then by powering the unit back on. I was instructed what to say, exactly, so that it would only follow me to a repair bay. I, in turn, followed the smaller service unit. Once there, I was instructed to tell it to fully recharge, and run diagnostics. Again, while it charged, I was instructed how to open it to effect repair, and the service units handled getting the correct parts to me. Several times, I was asked to assist in getting the parts, because they were beyond the smaller units' abilities. Finally, at only twenty-five-percent charge, but several hours later, I was sent back with the information that the diagnostics indicated it was sufficiently functional to repair another of its kind, and would do so, once fully charged.
I was given the suitability test, which was like the first test, but focused on a different part of my mind. I was told I passed, and would be given greater access and variety. Speaking of variety, I was taught of the service units, and how they were made and how they operated. I was told that this was both a reward for passing easily, and also designed to assist me in restoring things in the city. It also inquired if I was interested in other areas of knowledge. I asked to learn of this place.
Several more times, I was called upon, to assist in repairing some service unit. My new learning helped me do so much faster, as I knew what I was doing. New unit designs were waiting for me in the nearest repair shop, and I was able to restore them sufficiently, that they could finish the job.
When I passed the final test, I was asked to assist in the creation of a device that would assist my mind in focusing, so that I might be able to better control what I willed. I was told that this device would be small, and could easily look like jewelry. Since I made such, it offered me the opportunity to design it to what my cultural sensibilities were. It also told me that it would need some of my pearls, as the city did not have a means to manufacture them. When I asked for previous examples humans were given, it said that no human had ever been given such, but I was shown examples of jewelry other humans had for other devices they wore.
I settled on a bracelet, and inquired what materials they had available. The one that leapt out at me was a red-gold metal that was quite shiny. I was told it was extremely hard, and difficult to work with, but available. I then worked on screen to design it, with pearl inlay, and amber. When I asked about the pearls, it said that was to provide a psychic link to the device. Once designed, I made a wooden one by spell to get the dimensions correct.
The finished unit was presented to me when I woke up. When I put it on, the voice said I needed to activate it by placing it next to the screen, and saying the words on the screen. I did, and when I said the last word, the whole thing pulsed a red-gold light, and the glow of the metal subtly increased. I noted the simple drone did not leave. Then I was instructed in its use. Now I knew why the drone stayed. It was keyed to the bracelet, to act as my hands for building the device. Also, the bracelet had a stealth feature that caused it to phase out of time slightly, but enough to avoid being seen or otherwise being detected by all but high-order scans. I did my own tests, and found that only the strongest detect spells Isis taught me could see it. When I asked the next step, I was told I now had all I needed to generate such a portal, however, my own power was barely sufficient to allow me to so travel.
Another problem was that while the portal that brought us here was still in a dormant state, it was controlled elsewhere, and the needed information of aim was not in the library's knowledge. I would have to somehow find my own way back. It added that with my aid, the city was well on its way to returning to full operation. Once it was restored, it would again shut down, but instead of the full shutdown that had allowed it to fall into disrepair over the millennia, it would leave some units on at all times to ensure no further catastrophe befell the city.
In sending me off, it asked me if I wanted something for a keepsake of my time here. I asked if I could have some of that red-gold metal to make jewelry with. When it asked how much, I decided to ask for several cubic feet, but in small bits I could reforge as needed, so I could make jewelry and other stuff. I was told I would need a very high temperature to achieve this, so I asked if the temperature of my forge was sufficient. It took a bit to convert into units it knew, but it decided that my forge could actually liquefy the metal. I was shortly provided with numerous boxes filled with small cubes of the metal. I stuffed these into my flatpack, and started on my journey back to the ship. I was also given a solar blanket that could recharge the drone.
I returned the way I came, and when I got to the closest city, they were still wary of my companion. But as she was well fed, she was well behaved, and I was left alone. I waited for a caravan to retrace my journey, and they let me follow on foot while the tiger was with me. When we got to the area where she came to me, I sent her off, and she was quickly met by the others. While far from us, I was able to see she was considerably larger than the rest, and while there was a brief display of dominance, she went with them, clearly in charge. I said goodbye telepathically, rejoined the caravan, and got on a mastodon mount. I had no trouble returning to the town the ship was anchored at.
I turned on the phone, and sent a text to the ship announcing my return, but stating I would stay in town for a while before returning on board. I got a text from the captain soon after asking if I had success. I said yes, but only for myself. I needed to seek a way to scale up the solution, and so needed to do some more research.
I stayed on the edge of town, away from the water, so I would not run into people from the ship. I resumed having sex after a meal to keep my headband charged up. However, I spent a lot of time in my room gazing into the demon's diamond. I activated the bracelet first, and studied what the demon knew. I limited myself as much as possible, and eventually found out how to seek something in another dimension. My link with Death Valley provided the seed needed to locate the correct dimension, and once located, I was able to orient myself until I could change my connection over to my home. This took many days, but when I was able to swiftly focus on that point, I rested, then began with that point as the location to breach with my thoughts.
I added in a focus on Isis's tattoo, and called to her through the breach I had made. I said into the breach, "Becky Sue calling Isis. Becky Sue calling Isis." Then holding it open, I would wait for a reply.
On the second cycle, she responded, "Becky Sue? You're alive?"
"Yes. The ship got sent to another dimension, and I finally found a way to contact you. But I lack the power to bring them back. Can you help?"
"Yes. Here, take this. It will help me find you." The ankh I made for my trip back in time to old Egypt suddenly dropped into my lap. I could feel it full of her power. Once there, I felt her take over holding the cross-dimensional line open. A few seconds later, my other divine talismans appeared.
"Daughter, you're alive. We must celebrate with an orgy when you get back," Inanna chimed in.
"My queen, I have missed you so. I think I may be able to open a way, but I will need Lord An's help."
"What help will that be, priestess?" It was An.
"The power of a storm. Nearly a hurricane. I want to return the entire ship, and that needs a lot of power. The storm that sent us here was plenty big, but I don't need quite so much."
"When the meteor hit, it left a lot of devastation. It has been three years, but the world is still cleaning up the mess."
I was surprised, as my phone indicated over ten years. Still, that could wait.
"I will need to prepare devices here, to take the power and channel it properly. It may take a while."
Isis said, "Don't worry. I will tell Filipe you survived."
"Thank you. I know he must be distraught."
Isis said, "Osiris and I have been checking up on him, keeping him in good spirits. Still, it has been hard for him and your children."
"Tell them I am returning soon."
"I shall. With the talismans, you should be able to access our power, but you may need to first establish contact as you did for this call."
"I shall. With access to An's storm power, I should be able to do it. I will call again when I am ready. Feel free to call me."
They said their goodbyes, and I felt the connection drop. I felt rather tired from the energy expenditure, but each of the talismans helped restore me, as did my sword.
Now, I needed to create a device that would create a portal large enough to sail through. It took several weeks, and many drafts on paper before I was satisfied. I would have to assemble it on board, but I needed supplies they didn't have. Thanks to the gods, they also supplied Everest's talisman. With it, I was able to channel enough power to generate the needed metal in the required shapes.
Next, I needed to determine how big a storm I needed. When I learned, I realized we needed to be twenty miles from the coast, to keep it safe. Then I boxed everything up in wood crates that a few people could carry. While thin and long, they were heavy. I called the ship asking to be met at the dock with people ready to take on cargo. I had created a device. Creating a wagon I could pull, I levitated the crates onto it. I kept them mostly levitated, so they didn't crush the wagon. Then I cast an illusion of straw piled on the wagon to discourage attention, and headed down to the dock. When I spotted the crew, I dismissed the illusion.
When I met them, I asked them to unload the wagon. They were astonished at how the wagon held up. I just said, "What you don't know, you can't lie about." When it was all piled to the ground, I traded the wagon for sufficient cargo trips to get my cargo on board. I sweetened the deal with a little gold, and the locals soon had three little boats delivering cargo to the ship. One crewman went with each boat, to hook up the crate to the crane, then came back. Finally, it was all on board. The drone was in the last crate, that I escorted.
The captain was waiting. "What is this you brought with you?"
"An Atlantean device to get us home. As you can see, there is a lot here. I need a lot of space to set it up. May I take over the forward helipad? The device will fit within its boundary, so keeping guests away should not be a problem."
"Atlantean?"
"Yes. Apparently it is here, and they used portals to explore, and our world is but one they explored. But it is mostly in ruins, now."
"That's too bad. I bet we could learn a lot from it. So, how does this thing work?"
"I feed it a lot of power, and it puts a bubble around us that takes us home. However, to use it, we need to be at least twenty miles from shore, or there will be major destruction. Even that far will be difficult for them, so farther out would be better. I don't know how far from shore you can get."
"Twenty, huh. I'll check the charts, but I don't think it will be a problem. What is the devastation from?"
"I need to harness the power of a storm. A big one, but not as big as the one that sent us here."
"And you want my ship in the middle?"
"Yes. In the eye, actually. I need to generate a small hurricane's worth of power."
"Yikes. You can do that?"
"No, but now that I have managed to reconnect with my gods, their power can."
His eyes got big. "You managed that?"
"It's a long story, and I want to get to work as soon as possible."
"Sure, but you will have a lot of onlookers."
"Not for long." I smiled, and then walked to the crates, and asked the cargo people to take them to the forward helipad. As they did, I focused on An's power to gather a small storm, but I didn't let it break until the cargo was in place. As soon as they left, I used Isis's power to place a domed shield over the helipad, then let the storm break. The few that were still out went inside. That's when I cast an illusion of scaffolding holding curtains to keep people from looking.
I let the storm play out while I opened the crates, and began assembling the device. I forgot about the storm, and it petered out in a few hours. While people tried to look inside the curtains, they only saw another row of curtains on the other side of the scaffolding. That was enough to keep them out. With telekinesis, and the drone, I was able to assemble it in only a few hours. Using tamed lightning between my fingers to do spot welding, I got the framework welded and in place. Then I added the external shell, that had to be far more precise. Every connection to the inner frame was adjustable with set screws, and I finally assembled a shape that resembled a solid fractal. The drone did a lot of the finicky work.
I called the ship's repair shop to send up some testing equipment, so I could ensure everything was properly aligned, and insulated. I made numerous checks all over, but only needed a few adjustments. I then ran a minor bolt of lighting into it, and I could feel the brief feeling of a portal. It was working. I exited, leaving the test equipment inside. I went to my room, and sent for a meal, then luxuriated in the shower until it came. They were surprised when I took the food in the nude. I just said I was exhausted, and forgot. They left happy. After finishing off the meal, I crawled into bed, and slept. I was later told I slept nearly three days. They checked up on me a few times, but I seemed to be in ordinary sleep.
When I woke, I had another large meal, then headed for the spa.
"Welcome back, ma'am. What can we do for you?"
"I've been on the road a while, and I need some pampering. I want the works, and am willing to pay for all day."
"Yes, ma'am. Just enter your card here."
I had forgotten about that, but in seeming to fumble for it, I was really casting my recall spell to fetch it from my cabin. I then swiped my card, and they told me to follow the young lady to room three. I nearly fell asleep several times, I got so relaxed and clean. Finally, the day was over, and I left to find dinner and then bed. The next day, I sent word to the captain, that I was ready.
We met in his office to discuss the plan. Showing me the charts, it was clear there was plenty of room. We chose a location, and a time. It would take about three days to disentangle the ship and its people from the port. It actually took five, as several people chose to stay, and so we had to set up video records with their statements, along with legal documents to distribute their wealth like a will. I chose to give each a box of pearls for emergencies, saying to keep it a secret, as they were valuable.
It took nearly a day to arrive in the area. As we did, I called for foul weather, and slowly gathered the circulating winds, but kept them clear of the ship. When the captain gave me the all clear, I stepped up the winds and the power. I then went to the front of the ship and gave the device one last alignment test. I then sent my dress and the test kit to my room, and levitated just above the fractal-looking device. I began calling lightning from the storm to me, and then sent it into the fractal, building up its pressure. I pulled the storm close, and sped it up. Soon an eye wall formed, and I was a living lightning rod, discharging into my device. I immediately felt the portal energies.
Finally, I could feel the portal form, and I willed it to connect with my own world by following my connection with Death Valley, then heading southeast to the gulf. It was different from what I recalled, but I soon found the ocean. When I did, I summoned Isis's power to fully activate the portal, and we sailed back home. It took nearly a minute to traverse the portal, but when we were home, I shut it down, and stilled the hurricane. I retired to my room, and sent the captain the all clear. With me no longer generating all sorts of static, the ship was able to connect to the world by satellite, and we were soon met by a refueling tanker, and escorted to a port on the east coast, as most of the gulf coast ports were still out. I dismissed the illusion after dismantling the device.
I was able to go to all those who knew anything about my part in getting us home and whammie them into believing a local man, of assorted descriptions, came on board to assemble the device. I also made them forget my part in all this.
The story was in the papers for weeks, until the next scandal arrived, but even then, it was in the back pages for months. Figuring out why people's phones experienced vastly different amounts of time was the biggest mystery, but the fractal, only seen for a few minutes, was another. It looked like an electric ball, with all sorts of patterns appearing and disappearing in it. Everyone knew it was involved in the return, but not how it worked. Then there were the artifacts and pictures we brought back. We were clearly somewhere for a great, long while.
I contacted John Maxwell, and met with him, to give him the skinny on Atlantis. Again, I left him copies of my pictures, and recordings, including the powered-down device. I didn't give him everything, but enough for a full story, including their history as they saw it. He spread it around quietly, but soon the fractal device became known as the Atlantean Lightning Ball, and rumors started up of the return of the Atlanteans.
But that is another story...
= = = = = = = = = =
I love getting your votes.
I would also like to hear from you.
Leave a comment!