NEW NEIGHBORS
by Musings of Pan
After I retired I was getting lonely living in the old house where I had been for over 30 years. The neighborhood, which was once full of people my age was now populated by young couples who had jobs and families to raise and little time for an old codger. Also each year the house and grounds were becoming harder to maintain. And each year the stairs got longer and steeper.
I decided it was time to move but I was not ready to commit myself to a "RETIREMENT COMMUNITY" full of people who could hardly get around and were unable to hear well enough to conduct a meaningful conversation. I was sure that moving into such a place where everything was done for me would cause me to lose what capabilities I have left. Life requires some struggle just to avoid becoming a hobbling nothing.
After investigating as many options as I could find (especially those which offered a free lunch in the visit), I finally found what was called an over 55 community. It was a beautiful neighborhood of townhouse duplexes which had plenty of room. Even better it was full of people of my age who liked to congregate and were active. They were living on their own and handling their own daily problems. Yes, the outdoor maintenance was done by the townhouse association but I have never been a gardener anyway. This looked good and I could buy one of the townhouses for less then my house should sell for.
When a townhouse I liked came up for sale I bought it. Now came the part that scared me. How to get rid of all the stuff which I would not be taking and prepare to house to sell. Fortunately, my cleaning lady had a friend in that business and the fee was well spent. Within a month I was moved into my new location. Of course every time I needed something it was in one of the many boxes stashed in the two car garage. I searched through those boxes so many times I should have memorized their contents.
At least I had the basics operational. I had a bed, a chair, a television, a coffee pot, and something for breakfast. Needing the other things would give me an incentive to unpack. My plan to meet the neighbors would have to wait until I was at least organized enough to maintain a normal life. Current existence was more like camping.
After three days I thought I was making good progress. Some pictures on the walls, the kitchen stocked and organized enough for basic meals (I don't do more than basic cooking), and I had many of the boxes in the garage empty. So far I had not put up any window shades, window treatments as the stores like to call them to justify a higher price.
That morning I got out of bed, naked as usual, and started my morning routine. I always sleep naked. Long ago I got tired of being twisted up in pajamas or underwear and found it is easier to wear nothing. When I get to the bathroom I am all ready for my shower. Depending on what I am doing it is sometimes rather late in the day before I put on clothes, never before breakfast.
I was in the kitchen starting coffee when I glanced out the patio doors and saw the woman next door looking at me through her window. While I was naked, the top half of her which I could see through the window was also naked. She smiled and motioned for me to come over. I considered that I was going to meet the neighbors sometime so it may as well start now. Since she was at least partly naked I decided I may as well come as I was. I quickly slipped out the patio door and over to her door.
I was greeted by a good looking woman about my age who was also fully naked. She was about 5'4" with a body that was not slim but certainly not fat and ample breasts which sagged very little. Her vulva was shaved showing the start of a nice slit in front. The whole package was very appealing. "Hi'" she said, "I am Martha Bowles." I introduced myself while she led me into her kitchen where she had coffee and rolls laid out. I told her that I was glad to find that my being naked did not offend her. She responded that she has been watching me since I moved in and was quite pleased by what she saw.
We had a nice conversation over coffee and rolls. I was about to leave when she walked over, took my penis in her hand and said, "Come on. I want to see if this thing still works." She led me to her bedroom where she climbed on the bed and got on her hands and knees. After years of no sex, her handling my penis had gotten me hard and I figured it would be rude to refuse such an invitation so I came up behind her and placed my cock between her legs rubbing it over her pussy lips. I reached around her and stroked her clit which I found was already hard. Progressing downward I found she was quite well lubricated so I put my cock at her entrance and pushed in. It felt wonderful but was over too soon.
So I rested a few moments with my hard cock still in her and then started a slow in and out motion. She responded by moving against me. I reached under and held her boobs, rubbing them and her nipples. Then I slid my right hand down and started stroking her clit in rhythm with my in and out motion. Soon I felt her vagina contract around my cock as she climaxed. We collapsed on the bed and lay there while we got our breaths.
"Yes, you will do very well." she murmured as she rolled toward me pressing her breasts against my face. I wondered what she meant by that but was too comfortable between her large breasts to ask. After we recovered we went to the kitchen for coffee, still naked. Martha explained that she was part of a small group of single men and women which like to meet and, as she put it, explore their sensual sides. She asked if I was interested. Since for many years I had not had any sexual release except by myself, I told her I would like to try her group.
It was two days later that Martha came over. This time she was wearing clothes. She said her group was meeting tomorrow evening. She asked me to stop at her place at 7:30 with a bottle of wine and we would walk from there.
The next evening I cleaned up and changed out of the clothes I was wearing to work on organizing my new home. I picked up a bottle of wine and went to pick up Martha. She was wearing a white top which appeared had no bra under and a mid length print skirt. I wondered if she had panties under the skirt but I did not ask. We walked across the street and two doors down and rang the bell.
A trim looking woman about our age opened the door and looked me up and down. "You must be the new kid." she said, "I am Sandy." She led us into her living room where she introduced me to thee other men and two more women. With Martha and Sandy that made four women and four men. Not a bad mix.
We helped ourselves to drinks and snacks and I was taking the opportunity to get to know some of my new neighbors. After about a half hour Sandy stood in the center of the room and called for quiet. She started by saying they were glad to have me and that she would explain how these group parties operate.
"We have discussed this and agreed that while we all had good family lives, that is over and none of us are interested in another committed relationship. However we all still need social interaction and we all have sexual needs. So instead of staying home watching reruns and old movies we have decided to meet once a month in one of our homes and help each other take care of our needs. It is all in the spirit of friendship and good fun. At each meeting the host or hostess plans a series of fun activities. Which we all perform. Of course if there is something you will not do you must leave the party. Are you in?"
She stopped and looked at me. So I agreed. I figured there was no harm in listening to the woman.
Sandy started handing out what looked like bed sheets to each woman while she continued, "Tonight we start in a circle seated boy, girl, boy, girl. I will set a timer for thirty minutes. The boys move to the girl on their right and each couple covers themselves with the sheet. I will set the timer for thirty minutes and each couple will do whatever they want under the sheet."
I moved my chair next to Adel, who was on my right. She is a good looking woman who, while a bit plump, has nice proportions and somewhat large breasts. She was wearing a white shirt with many of the front buttons open and a gray knee length skirt.
Adel smiled and spread the sheet over us up to our necks. "This way we can see what is going on," she whispered. I put my arm around her shoulders and leaned in for a kiss. While we kissed I felt her hand move up my leg feeling for my cock. I decided that was permission enough so I put my left hand on her breast and began fondling it. I could feel that she was not wearing a bra and that my touch was bringing up a very hard nipple. Meanwhile she had found my cock and was massaging it through my pants.
My right arm was around her so I slid my hand down the neck of her shirt and explored her bare breast. I felt her sliding my pants zipper down and her hand going inside until she found me. I then put my left hand on her leg, slowly slid it up under her skirt and making the delightful discovery that she was not wearing panties. "This is like a high school make out party," I whispered. She giggled "Yes".
While I was fingering her wet pussy and she was stroking my cock and balls, I looked around the room and saw movements that suggested all manner of suspicious activities under the sheets. By the time the timer went off, I was twisting and pulling her right nipple while I worked a finger inside her vagina with my thumb stroking her clit. She was pumping my cock and we were both breathing hard.
Sandy took charge again, "Well, I hope that has everyone warmed up nicely. For our next game we need everyone naked. The men will lie on their backs on the carpet in a line heads to feet. The ladies will crawl on hands and knees down the line over them. This is a no hands game but you can use face, breasts, cocks, or any other part to touch any part of the other person. I have a short timer which will go off every thirty seconds for the ladies to move to the next man in line. To start I need a lady over each man."
We were all so horny by that time that there was no hesitation in taking our cloths off. I noticed that Adel's breasts were as full and round as they felt and her pussy was shaved. I lay on the floor with my bare feet near Tom's head, and Hank lay beyond me. Then each of the ladies stood with a leg on either side of a man. I have always loved looking up into a pussy and here I could see Adel's pussy above Hank and Sue's above me.
On Sandy's signal all the women got on their hands and knees and the fun began. Sue began by lowering her wet pussy to rub up and down on my very hard cock. From time to time she would do an extra move to touch her clit on my cock. Her breasts were dangling just above my face so I raised my head and sucked first one nipple and then the other.
When the timer went off Sue moved forward but not all the way. She stopped with her face above Hank's cock and her pussy above me. I leaned up and began licking her vulva which she lowered for me. I found her clit sticking out from between her folds and gave that special attention with my tongue. Meanwhile I felt a mouth first licking my cock and then putting it inside. When Martha crawled over me she said, "Do you like the party?" I told her it was wonderful.
"Okay, enough of that." Sandy announced too soon, "Ladies, sit up where you are and insert a cock in your vag. Now we will throw this beach ball down the line. You can reach up to get the beach ball as long as the cock is still inside you."
Adel was over me at the time so she sat, raised herself, positioned my cock and sat down impaling herself. The ball was tossed down the line and each time Adel had to move up and down or side to side to get it. The sensation of this woman with bouncing boobs also bouncing on my cock was fantastic. I couldn't help myself from reaching up and playing with her boobs. She just looked down at me and smiled.
The timer rang and I thought we must be done, but Sandy spoke up again. "I believe it is the ladies turn to host the final activity." With that Sandy placed a basket on a table in the room. All of the women started rummaging in their purses. It soon became clear what they were doing when one after another they pulled out their house keys and placed them in the basket.
That seemed like an old game but by this time I was ready for anything. We men lined up and each in turn pulled a set of keys out of the basket which was now held high enough that we could not see inside. I pulled out a set of keys and went looking for the owner.
It turned out to be Sue who is a very sexy looking woman. She looked happy to see me. We both got dressed and, thanking our hostess, left together. It was only a short walk on a pleasant night to Sue's house. I used a key to open the door and handed the set to Sue. Once we were inside Sue said, "Rules of the house, you stay the night but no clothes allowed." We took off our clothes and embraced. It was very nice feeling her naked skin pressed against me. Even after all I had done this evening I found myself getting hard again.