Thank you for all the positive feedback on Chapter 1. Keep adding me to your favorites list and vote and I will keep telling you real stories about our Lifestyle. This is a fictional story based on fact. Names and locations have been changed to protect my identity and my wife's identity. If you recognize the events told here, do not let me know. I have changed enough of the story so as not to incriminate our friends either. Everyone in my stories is over 21. The story may be embellished or altered only to protect the actual individuals and create "fiction". I have always found that real life is way hotter/sexier than made up stuff.Note: you should never enter the Lifestyle without a strong communication based relationship. The Lifestyle rarely cures marital woes.
------
After Kristine, Jonathon, and Theresa's adventure in the hot tub, Theresa and I continued to talk about what happened and what do we do next. Theresa expressed to me how much she loved watching her best friend take me into her mouth, and satisfy me. Theresa wasn't ready to plunge into the Lifestyle yet, but she was very encouraging to letting Kristine and I build on our already strong friendship.
Theresa was raised in the Bible Belt, and her upbringing was very strict related to sex. She only had a little experience with sex in High School, and the farthest she ever went was giving her long term boyfriend a blowjob.
Theresa and I both went to a small private university in Louisiana. I did not have much sexual experience either. I only had sex with a long time high school sweetheart that I dated long-distance in college. However, she moved on and eventually married a guy she met in college and broke up with me for.
Theresa now free of her strict parents experienced boys for the first time, dated several good looking men and experienced several sexual encounters, however, never having sex with them. She loved the attention and formed a couple of serious relationships. Her background was such that she thought she really should get married to move the relationship forward. And at least once she got engaged.
When we met, Theresa had broken up with a her college boyfriend that she was very serious about. She had dated a few guys since then, but at the moment wasn't attached to anyone.
When I saw her, she was probably the best looking coed I have ever met. She had long curly brown hair that fell to the lower part of her back. She was 5'2" and maybe 110 pounds. She had smallish breasts, probably a B or C cup, but since she was so thin maybe a 32 C. Her legs were gorgeous and she sported some very form fitting shorts.
But the part that melted me, was her radiant smile. Her eyes were a little bit lowered in the corners giving her the "puppy dog" eyes look, and when she smiled, she would fill your heart with warmth. Theresa's voice was soft and soothing. She was in the university's choir and I didn't know it at the time, could sing like an angel.
We were sitting in a room with several of my dormitory floor mates. Theresa flirted with me and I was immediately attracted to her. We talked, made eyes at one another and enjoyed the drinks, conversation, and evening. After she left, I immediately asked my floor mates about her.
The rest of my senior year I pursued Theresa. Eventually, we fell in love, graduated, and got married a year later as Theresa is a year younger than I am.There are some very hot stories in there, but I will save them for another time (and this is a Loving Wives submission).
Theresa was super hot, landing a job for a Country Music radio station in Baton Rouge, and eventually was hired by a television station. However, her desire was to raise children and after she got pregnant and could no longer work, she quit her television job and became a homemaker.
By the way a homemaker is a job that should be highly regarded. It is a difficult job, with no pay and no vacations or breaks. Theresa was fabulous at it. She managed the home income and we raised three great kids together. She sold two homes by herself, as I made some career moves. And Theresa is the best wife and partner a man could dream for.
As I mentioned in the previous chapter Theresa saved our marriage during one of the rocky points and she told me she had decided to pick our marriage over some things I did to irritate her.
Like most couples raising a family, our private time was limited, but we made the best of it that we could. We were often too tired for adult activities, and sex became routine, and not very often. I still loved my wife, don't get me wrong, but our adult time became catching up on sleep, or doing household chores.
After three kids my wife became much more curvy. Her hips womanly, and her breasts 34DD. She had the same amazing face, maybe a little fuller than her college days. People who meet Theresa always think she is ten years younger than she is, and are always surprised when they meet our kids. People would often jokingly ask if she got pregnant when she was eleven.
As our children got older and could take care of themselves, that is when we reconnected physically. Theresa was reading romance, and the results for me were terrific. Sex was back on the table, and we are taking advantage of new ideas, positions, and just had a more sexual state of mind. Theresa thought about it more and more.
Eventually, we talked about including others. Mainly as a curiosity, nothing more. That is until that night in the hot tub with Kristine and Jonathan.
Theresa was really into the idea of Kristine and I for some reason. She liked that I pleasured her best friend so well. They would often talk about the experiences and Theresa egged Kristine on. Theresa told me she loved when Kristine would tell her how excited she got with me and how hard I could make her cum.
The problem was two-fold at this time. Jonathan and Theresa had very little chemistry with each other. This is a common problem in the Lifestyle. Typically only two or three of the four people want to play or are attracted to each other strongly. The second problem was although Theresa was liking watching and engaging with Kristine and I, she was not ready to be with another man.
Another major hurdle in the Lifestyle is how far do you want to go? I like most men are fine with going all the way with a stranger. However, both of us agreed that having some kind of personal relationship with the other people was way sexier and way more hot. What made Kristine and my relationship hot wasn't the fact that we found each other super physically attractive, it was the fact that personality-wise we had super hot chemistry and the fact that Theresa liked it so much added fuel to that fire.
I loved the attention and how attractive Kristine made me feel. She stroked my ego more than she stroked my cock. And for a married guy with few experiences, the foreplay and the flirting often got me hard. Theresa took full advantage of this and loved teasing me and getting me to bang her with an animalistic passion.
Theresa and I were growing closer and closer emotionally and physically. I could not wait to strip her down. Her naughty-side opening up. She telling me she wanted me to fuck her while Kristine watched. Her taking turns on me. And Theresa was excellent at using sexual situations to drive me crazy.
We were both complimenting each other often and we were flirting around like some lovesick teenagers. Our teenage children noticed how much flirting we do, and tell us to "get a room," or "gross dad, I'm eating here." They have expressed that they do love that they can see how much their parents love each other. They comment on how other their friends parents hardly talk to each other. And their friends tell them they wish their parents played around with each other the way Theresa and I do.
Eventually, Theresa, Kristine and I were talking about the Lifestyle adventures that Kristine and Jonathan were having. They had met several couples and had gone to some spectacular parties. They even had gone to a "Mandingo" party. The stories were very interesting, and I asked Kristine how they got invited to such things.
She said they were invited by friends they had which had connections. They also said some of the Swinger Websites had party connections.
Theresa and I discussed it and we decided to join one of the websites as free members. We posted a couple of photos without our faces and waited to see what happened. For the first week we got interest, but then the "new" members tag went away, and we didn't get any inquiries at all.
Theresa didn't really look at the website at all. She left that to me, but honestly the action was slow, so I stopped checking it very often.
Then one weekend, Theresa had a girl's night out, and I logged in. We had three contacts, two were very boring. However, one response was good. They were very interested in our profile and wanted to meet us. The man, Raymond, was a couple of years older than me, he was black, and a little on the heavier side. The wife, Kathleen, was a few years younger than us, she was white with auburn hair. I have a weakness for redheads so I responded after asking Theresa if it was ok.
We tried to have a meeting and talked through the website message system. But our schedules just didn't seem to sync up correctly. Eventually, they invited us to Raymond 50th birthday at their home. They said that they invited a few other Lifestyle couples and hoped we would come.
Theresa was pensive. What are they expecting? We asked Kristine about it, and she said, they probably assume you will put out if they invited you to their home. This worried Theresa even more. My conversations with Raymond and Kathleen indicated that they did not expect play, but that the night might eventually get wild. If we didn't feel comfortable at any time we could go.
Theresa and I talked about it some more. "Joe, I don't want to do anything, or touch any strangers," Theresa said.
"It's ok, we can just go there and look around," I responded.
"What do we wear? What should we bring?"
"Well, Kathleen told me Raymond likes Grey Goose. Let's just bring a bottle of that," I reassured her.
As the date arrived, Theresa became more and more anxious. She didn't want to go, then she did. She was worried everyone would have to drop their clothes at the front door upon arrival. She worried about strangers touching her. She worried that she would be forced into having sex with the birthday boy.
"We don't have to go if you really don't want to." I did want to go. My anticipation was high, but having Theresa go against her will was not something I was interested in doing. I wanted her to go because I love the way others look at her. She is charming and engaging in conversation. She is a jewel of any party. Watching her work a room is like watching Tom Brady work a two-minute drill. It's dazzling.
"Ok let's go." Theresa went to our bedroom and started to get ready.
I knew she was concerned. And the first sight of anything too far outside her comfort zone and I would get her out of there. I wanted to push her boundaries, but I didn't want to push her into something we would regret.
I dressed in nice slacks and a long sleeve shirt. I am not a handsome man, although Theresa thinks so. I am 5'10" and run 235lbs. I have a wide chest and am fairly strong. My legs are muscular. I have very little body hair, but the hair on my head is black, thick and very soft. I have very few grey hairs, and many folks at work are convinced I dye my hair. My face is round, and my smile crooked. I am much more attractive in person, but not photogenic. Exactly opposite of Theresa who can make any photo amazing.
Theresa came downstairs and my mouth dropped open. She was wearing a gold blouse that clung to her body. I could tell as she descended the staircase that she wore no bra. Her firm 34DDs bounced lightly as she made each step. Her nipples poking the gold blouse perfectly. She wore form fitting dress jeans and grabbed a nice leather jacket with gold zippers.
"Oh my g...," escaped my lips. My eyes revealed my excitement.
"You like this?" Theresa asked a little bit of flirt filling her voice.
"You look amazing."
We grabbed the grey goose placed in a nice gift bag and headed out the door. We wished the kids goodnight and explained the birthday party we were going to was far away and we would be home late.
We drove silently for several minutes. I looked over at Theresa and asked "You ok?"
"Yeah, I am just feeling nervous," her voice jittery. "This is really pretty scary."
"Don't worry, we can stay only till you want to go home. By the way, you're gorgeous."
Theresa let a little forced smile out. I know she was torn by her fear and knowing I was excited. Theresa is a very loving wife and doesn't like to disappoint me. Her thoughts were torn between diving into something completely unknown and scary and turning around feeling she would let me down.
"We really don't have to go. But the way you look has me really excited to show you off."
We drove on and the tension was heavy in the air. The drive was long, almost 40 minutes, but it felt like 2 hours. We finally arrived and I looked into Theresa's scared brown eyes. "You sure?"
"Yes, let's do this." Theresa said as she opened her door.
We walked up arm in arm and rang the doorbell. Raymond answered with a great big smile and a welcoming handshake for me and a gentleman hug for Theresa. The house was fairly dark lit with candlelight throughout. It was very neat and there were food and drinks available. Raymond knew our names and seemed very happy we decided to come without meeting them prior.
Raymond was very pleased with his Grey Goose, and asked if we needed a drink. Theresa said "No thanks." I declined as well. She was not getting drunk in such a scary situation. There was pleasant classic rock playing, and there was a fire pit out back. I helped Raymond start a fire and he was kind and laughed at my little jokes. Raymond was really non-threatening and was very nice to Theresa and me.
We were the first ones to arrive, so Theresa and I sat by the fire and Theresa kept her coat around her.
Kathleen came out and introduced herself and thanked us for coming to celebrate. We talked about our jobs, family, weather, etc. Mostly small talk. Theresa started getting into her groove and engaged the conversation intelligibly and was very witty. Raymond laughed at most her jokes and questioned some of Theresa's more vague references.
Kathleen was very attractive, she had a good figure and a pretty face. However, I could easily tell she wasn't interested in me. She looked around like she was looking for someplace to go. She was pleasant and we got along great, just no chemistry.
Soon other couples and singles began to show up. An older Hispanic couple Ramon and Gloria arrived. Ramon was instantly smitten with Theresa and engaged in a conversation with her. I could tell that Theresa wasn't interested. Gloria was just quiet and a little meek, doing whatever Ramon told her to. Another couple came, they were white in their early 30s and a little heavier set, they didn't talk to us much and I can't recall their names. Another older couple came and I believe the man was possibly Italian and his wife was a bigger lady, not fat, just bigger. She had long curly hair and was a bit on the loud side. The last to arrive was a single Hispanic young man probably in his mid-twenties, and a woman who was recently divorced and was probably in her early fifties and her companion a slender man in his mid-thirties.
Everyone was nice to talk to and really could actually hold a conversation. It seemed like everyone either knew each other in passing, or were just very friendly and accommodating. I could easily see that Kathleen liked the young Hispanic single. I saw her talk to Raymond and it was obvious she was getting permission to play with him.
The Hispanic couple were working on Theresa pretty hard. Once while Theresa went to the restroom, Raymond came over to me and said they really wanted to play with us, and if we were interested. The Italian man and his wife were also interested in Theresa and me. But they mainly were staring at us. They would talk, but their eyes were pretty fixated on both of us.
One thing that I have learned in the Lifestyle is the people are pretty open, and usually very friendly. Sometimes they are forward, but honestly, they are good folks to hang around with.
I could tell Theresa was at least a little relaxed. I asked her what she was thinking and I could tell she didn't really want to play. But we were flirting with each other and that seemed to make her smile. We seemed to really connect with the divorced older woman and exchanged several stories with her. She definitely smoked too much and her voice was pretty rough. Her companion was definitely a player who flirted with all the females in the group. He was very confident and maybe a little bit obvious.
I needed to take a restroom break and walked into the living room. The Hispanic couple were there. Ramon was standing behind Gloria who was kneeling in front of Raymond. I did a double take as I walked by. She was gliding Raymond's black cock into her mouth. He was moaning. Ramon had his hand behind Gloria's head and seemed to be encouraging her. They noticed me walking by, but did not stop for a moment.
After I was finished, I walked back pass them and Ramon caught me looking and gave me a smile and lifted his glass, while still holding the back of Gloria's head with his other hand.
Wow, I had never seen anything like that before. So open, so exposed, and it was pretty exciting. I walked back and whispered what I saw into Theresa's ear. She raised her eyebrows in a little bit of surprise and she smiled with a little bit of naughtiness. I know that smile and it instantly give me an erection. I was pretty turned on.
Theresa noticed my excitement. She eyed my crotch and placed her hand on my thigh and leaned in to give me a kiss. She then leaned back and unzipped her jacket. Her firm breasts hit the night air and instantly her nipples stood at attention. I thought people must have noticed, but the conversations kept flowing.
Kathleen stood up and said it was probably time to go inside. She grabbed the young man she obviously wanted and walked inside. All the other people followed. So now it was just Theresa and me outside by the fire.
"So do you want to go inside and see what's happening?" I asked. My mind was very curious to see what kind of nudity and sex we might see. It excited me, but at the same time I did not want Theresa to be repulsed or put off.
"If that is what you want, I'll go in. But I really don't want to do anything with anyone else."
"That's no problem, let's just do what we feel comfortable doing," I responded.
We walked in and no one was in the living room. We went to the master bedroom and found the Italian couple was mixing it up with Ramon and Gloria. Raymond was just standing at the foot of the large king-sized bed watching. Ramon was doing it doggie-style with the Italian man's wife. The Italian man had his head buried between Gloria's legs. There was lots of moaning and the bed was moving.
Theresa grabbed my hand and lead me back into the hallway. "Do you want to leave?" I asked.
"No, but shouldn't we give them privacy?"
"I think they like being watched." I said. My mind was racing, the sight of the couple engaged in sex and how they were enjoying each other raised my libido. "I think you are beautiful"
Theresa looked up at me. We engaged in a long passionate kiss. I moved behind her and started kissing the back of her neck. I opened my eyes and noticed the slender man who was with the divorced woman set eyes on Theresa.
I kissed Theresa, she was really responding now, pressing her ass into my hardness. My hands moved up her torso and touched her breasts on the outside of her gold blouse. Her nipples were rock hard now. The slender man just stared. I kissed Theresa more passionately on her mouth.
The slender man stood up. "Oh no, that's not good," I thought. "I hope he doesn't come over and scare Theresa into her shell."
But to my dismay he came and stood right in front of her. I looked into her eyes. "May I touch your breasts?" he asked.
I thought, "No way would Theresa allow that. She doesn't want to be touched. She is not interested in this player." I looked at the man and stared open-eyes hoping her silence would just make him walk away.
"Yes" I heard Theresa respond in a low voice.
"What? No freaking way" I thought. This woman who wasn't sure she wanted to come, the woman who just moments ago lead me out of a room with other people fucking, the woman who only wanted me, and just given permission to an obvious player to touch her breasts.
He moved closer, his face only inches from hers. His hands moved up her body on the outside of her gold blouse. His hands grabbed her breasts and squeezed them. "Are you kidding me? You aren't wearing a bra? Your breasts are so firm, so perky. There is no way you are over 30 years old. These are completely natural and completely amazing." Then he slid his hands down and place them under her blouse and moved his hands back onto her breasts.
"These are probably the best breasts I have ever touched. Ever!" He smiled and took his hands off Theresa's tits.
Theresa smiled and said "Thanks."
"No thank you. Really. I am being serious, they are the best I have ever felt."
I turned Theresa around and engaged her mouth with mine. I kissed her passionately. I could not believe how turned on that made me feel. Finally another man complemented my wife in a way only I have complemented her. It made me proud. Proud that a man found my wife attractive. My hands ran to her ass. I squeezed those perfect buns and continued to kiss my wife with inspired passion.
My hands left her ass and worked under her shirt. I was touching the amazing breasts that another man had just felt up. They felt incredible. So big, and yet so firm.
I led her back into the other bedroom. Only Kathleen and her Hispanic boy toy were in this room. He was between her legs, pounding into her pussy. His naked ass exposed and pounding. Kathleen's legs were open wide and her now exposed and beautiful tits were swaying to the pounding. She was very very attractive.
However, my view was interrupted as Theresa turned me around and pushed me onto the bed. Her eyes were filled with animalistic passion and she undid my belt and unzipped my pants quickly. She pulled them down and took my underwear with them. My cock stood at attention. Theresa's mouth began to lick up and down my shaft.
She began to take me into her mouth. She bent over the edge of the bed and took my length into her hungry mouth. The sounds of Kathleen being fucked and the feel of Theresa's mouth sliding up and down the full length of my cock was incredible.
Suddenly the divorced woman joined us and laid down next to me. She looked at me and asked if she could join Theresa and I. I looked at Theresa and she nodded yes, not removing my cock from her beautiful warm and wet mouth.
The divorced woman stripped off her shirt. My hands moved to her not so perky breasts. Her mouth engaged mine. The cigarette tasting mouth was not my favorite, however, she kissed me with a passion that surprised me. Her nipples were incredibly long and hard as diamonds. She moaned as I squeezed her breasts and lightly pinched her nipples.
I broke off my kiss. I wanted to make sure Theresa was ok with me kissing this stranger. She made eye contact with me and began to suck me even more vigorously. Taking my cock into her throat and licking my balls with her tongue.
I reengage the woman's mouth. Her cigarette taste not deterring the passion I was feeling. The sounds of Kathleen's moans, the feel of this stranger's nipples and breasts, her mouth on mine, and the best thing was my loving wife's mouth taking me in. Theresa's hands squeezing my balls. I could not hold on any longer. I sent wave after wave of cum down my wife's mouth and throat. I could hear and feel her moans as she encouraged me to drain every drop into her mouth.
I released my kiss and my hands from the divorced woman. She smiled knowing she played a part in my massive orgasm. I looked at my wife. She slowly lifted her mouth off my cock, swallowed my cum, and gave me the most hot and wicked smile.
I noticed Raymond standing behind but slightly to the side of Theresa. His eyes were as big as saucers. He was positioned to be able to look at my wife's ass and up her gold blouse as she still stood bent over me. I know by his face, that he could see her hanging breasts and erect nipples. He seemed to be smiling and drooling at the same time.
Theresa got up, helped me into my pants. I kissed and thanked the divorced woman who was so very nice to both of us. We thanked Raymond and before we left Kathleen walked up to us. We thanked her. She said it was still early and she was hoping to play. I looked at Theresa, and knew she was ready to go.
We left, but talked all the way home about how much we loved each other. How hot we thought each other was. And how fun a time we had at our first "party".
When we got home we were both ready for some serious love making. Both of us coming and falling asleep in each other's arms.
***
That's all of the story for now let me know if you want to read any more of Theresa and my journey into the Lifestyle. Again, the stories are real...