I was nudged awake in the morning. I looked at Rozan and she smiled, pointing at the other bed. "That's either the most amazing or most uncomfortable sleeping position ever."
I followed her finger. "Probably both." Jason was lying on his back with Meaghan and Samantha's legs on either side of his head. Both of them were resting their heads on his thighs. It was obvious that they had fallen asleep after what must have been a wild oral threesome. Meaghan's hair was plastered to Sam's face and their knees were pressing into Jason's sternum.
The part that truly interested me though was directly between the two girls. In his sleep, Jason had become aroused. My mouth watered looking at his shaft. I glanced at Rozan and motioned towards his erection. "You want breakfast?"
Rozan laughed and shook her head. "No. We agreed that you were fair game for both of us. We didn't say anything about anyone else."
I blushed as I remembered that she and her boyfriend had been discussing their desires to have sex with me.
Rozan stood up and started putting on her chemise. "Speaking of which," she said, pulling the gown over her head, "I should go check on him. Make sure he had a pleasant night."
She winked at me. "And make sure his morning is even more pleasant. But don't let me stop you from enjoying yourself."
I smiled at her, then moved over to the end of the bed. Gently, I lifted his shaft to my mouth, and started licking the tip. Slowly, I stroked his length, my mouth following down a little more with each pass. As I began to rub his balls, his dick started twitching slightly. I barely noticed as Rozan left the room. My focus was on getting as much of him into my mouth as I could.
I let my lower hand continue to explore, rubbing the area between his sack and his ass. When I heard him moan in his sleep, I continued, moving forward and back more until I was stroking his entire underside.
He started to move more, making more sounds, and I knew he was waking to my touch. I expected him to look at me, so I stared up at him, the landscape of two naked beauties between our gaze.
I was surprised to discover he wasn't looking at me at all. I watched as, his eyes still closed, he worked to get his hands out from beneath his human blanket. Once they were released, he slid them along their legs and between.
While I couldn't see exactly what he was doing, I had a good idea. While I returned my focus to his still twitching shaft, he started fingering the two pussies near his face. He thought it must be one of them between his legs, and was trying to return the favor.
I smiled and redoubled my efforts, encouraging him in the process. As he worked inside my two friends, I held him deep in my throat and fondled his stones.
Meaghan opened her eyes groggily, and I saw her legs tightening around Jason's wrist, leveraging him deeper into her cavern. When she saw what I was doing, I winked and put a finger between us, shushing her as well as I could.
Her smile let me know she understood, and she continued to be the recipient of Jason's fingers.
Slowly, Samantha came to, muttering in her sleep as she awoke. I thought she was going to ruin the moment by speaking, but Meaghan quickly started kissing her, muffling her noises.
Once she was more aware, she too smiled, and let her partner reach into her depths. The two girls stroked and massaged his legs, and he rewarded them with faster thrusts from his digits.
Meanwhile, I was taking my time, enjoying sucking on a hard shaft for the first time in a while.
Meaghan and Samantha continued to kiss, the passion that they shared driving me on. They each placed a hand on his shaft, holding it for me, and I moved my hands forward, cupping and pinching a breast from each woman.
My pussy got wetter and wetter as I continued, and I started losing focus on what I was doing. Meaghan slapped me in the face with Jason's rod a few times, and I started swallowing him whole again.
As I hit my normal gag reflex, Meaghan and Samantha each put a hand on the back of my head and pushed me down farther until I could feel his tip in my throat.
I coughed, but fought back against my reflex, focusing on using my swallowing to milk his seed out.
Apparently I was doing a good job because both girls started squirming and moaning as they were finger fucked.
I wished I could see what he was doing with his touch. Whatever it was caused both recipients to sing his praises as they came.
As they came down from their high, I slid my finger back behind his balls. I pressed in deep, and he began moaning himself. The weight of two girls kept him from struggling, but he bucked his hips, fucking my mouth even deeper, as he sprayed his seed directly into my belly.
As his twitching died down, I stood up quickly. "Well, that was a good breakfast. Delicious and nutritious."
Jason sat up suddenly, his human blanket sent sprawling. "What..." he began, but laughter from the three of us cut him off.
I glanced at Meaghan, doubled over on the ground. "That's another orgasm we're now even on."
She stopped laughing and looked at me. "Huh?"
"It may have been indirect, but my mouth caused his fingers to drive you to see oblivion."
She looked like she was about to argue, but Samantha piped in. "Rachael has a point."
Meaghan glared for a second, then started laughing again. "Fair enough...makes me want to see how much of an orgasm train we can create."
Jason, finally recovering from the surprise, started laughing too. "Rube Goldberg sex. That sounds amazing...as long as there are no hamsters involved."
A chorus of "Ewwww" followed by three girls hitting him with pillows and tickling him broke us all down into peals of laughter.
***
We took our time showering and dressing (or in my case, geming), then ambled upstairs for breakfast.
I joined my posse at one of the tables, and they went to sit with the NPCs.
"Have a good morning?" Rushwillow asked pointedly?
I looked over at Rozan who beamed. "Of course I told them what...who you were doing this morning."
I rolled my eyes and stretched. Like clockwork, everyone's eyes dropped to my breasts.
"Now that gossip time is over," I started before they could recover, "what are we going to do today?"
"Well," Jesslyn picked up the cue, "we were thinking of splitting up. The mages can hunt for the necro using magic...maybe search for a confluence of death and elemental magic.
"But that doesn't really give us rangers much to do. So we thought we might use some of our own skills to find a more subtle way."
"So I go with the boys or the girls?"
"Neither."
"What?"
Taleran continued. "We're afraid the necromancer will sense your presence and start draining you or whatever it is he does.
"You're going to stay around here to be safe. However, we don't want a repeat of the...incident, so Cidane and Khitano have agreed to guard you."
"So I'm just supposed to sit around and do nothing?!!"
"Well, no," Cidane conceded, "we were hoping that you would teach us more about fairy magic so we can figure out how he's doing this stuff and maybe how we can reverse it."
I sighed. It made sense...although out of game I knew almost nothing about how fairy magic worked.
Khitano seemed to read my thoughts. "I'm sure there's someone over there," he pointed at the GM table, "that would be able to help you help us."
With everything settled, still begrudgingly on my part, we cleared our table and split into our groups. I headed over to the GM table and got Smitty's attention.
"I would like to help my mage friends to understand more about my magic. Um...is there a way for that to happen?"
Smitty nodded and stood up. He motioned for me to follow and headed over to a bin full of pamphlets and books. He rummaged around for a minute, then pulled out a small booklet from near the bottom.
"This is everything you would know about your magic and how it works. That doesn't mean you have to tell it all to anyone else. Heck, if you wanted you could tell them the exact opposite. You've already improvised some I know."
I blushed again. How many people had seen that video? I took the booklet from him and hurried back to the table and began reading, hoping to hide my red face in the book.
Khitano and Cidane sat patiently while I read through the material. It wasn't a difficult read, but I wanted to make sure I understood all of it.
I felt a presence behind me, and as I looked up, I saw Cidane had a spell packet ready to throw. I turned around slowly, and saw Gregg standing there.
"What do you want?" I asked, annoyed at the interruption.
"Can we talk for a little bit?"
"Sure," I snapped at him, "go ahead and talk."
He looked at my two guards. "Um. I'd rather speak to you alone."
I shook my head. "Nope. Not alone. Best you'll get is us outside at a table and them within spell throwing distance."
Gregg sighed, and nodded. "Deal."
I got up, my book in hand, and followed him out to a picnic table.
He sat down on the bench, and I was about to sit across from him, when I got an idea. I wanted to make him as uncomfortable as possible. I wanted to be in control. Sitting down on the table itself, right next to him, I faced him at an angle, and spread my legs slightly.
As I had hoped, this kept him off balance. He could either look at my tits or pussy which would be rude, lean back uncomfortably to look into my eyes, or stare at his hands or the ground.
I saw those thoughts going through his mind, and he chose the last option. "I'm sorry"
"What?" I leaned forward. "What was that?"
He spoke a little louder. "I'm sorry I hurt you."
"No you're not."
"Huh?" He looked up at me quizzically.
"You're not sorry you hurt me. You're sorry you got caught.
"You told me that you wanted us to have characters that worked separately so I could 'find the things that interested me.' That was bullshit wasn't it? You wanted to be able to sneak off and fuck Medusa the cum slut and her tongue serpent.
"All those times when I asked you if you wanted her, you were lying to me. Telling me that she wasn't your type. That she was too flirty. When all this time you've been dicking her."
I took a breath, then continued before he could say anything stupid and irrelevant.
"You've been fucking her this whole time haven't you? Every time I asked you, your answer should have been yes. That night at the end of year party. Probably while I was home when my grandfather was sick. And every time you've been here.
"But each time, you made me doubt myself. Made me think I was just being the jealous girlfriend. No. You're not sorry you did this. You're sorry you got caught."
I spread my legs wide, giving him one last good view of the pussy he would never be in again, before standing up on the bench and hopping down to the ground.
I put an arm around each of my bodyguards and led them back inside. "C'mon. Let's go make some magic."
***
The others returned at lunch time. I had been busy writing up a story to explain my magic in a way that fit the information I had read and would also help me with my recent fantasies.
I finished it up and folded it in half. While the others went to get food, I headed over to the GM table and handed my script to Smitty. He smoothed it out and began to read, Meaghan looking over his shoulder. I smiled at her, then got my own food.
When I returned to the table, Katrus was explaining that they thought they had found something important, but were going to explore more after lunch. The boys on the other hand had come up empty. Just as we were finishing up, Smitty returned my papers to me, nodding.
"That will work as a story faeries tell each other." He winked at me before returning to his table. "It's definitely an enjoyable read."
I blushed as the others tried to look at the papers in my hand.
"I'll tell you all what it says after lunch. I figured we'd go back to mage camp and have story time."
The boys looked disappointed, but understood. "What about you three?" I looked at the girls who glanced at each other.
Finally Jessalyn shook her head. "We want to find out more about what we discovered."
The other two nodded and Rozan added, "besides, magic stuff is boring."
They got up while the boys were starting to defend themselves, smirked at them, and headed over to the GM table. They spoke quietly to Meaghan, who nodded and rose to accompany them.
As soon as they left, I asked, "ready to hear a story?"
The benches scraped back loudly as everyone rushed to throw their garbage away. We headed up to mage hill and I sat on the rock I had fallen asleep on two nights before.
The boys got settled on the ground in front of me, and I sat crosslegged, the teacher before the students.
"Once upon a time," I began, "There was nothing on the Earth..."