There they were - sitting across from him on the couch. The couch on which he had spent so many hours in the last weeks and months. Gamed, slept, watched, played with himself. Why had she brought him? This guy who looked like him... well, at least like him a year ago. Broad shoulders, broad chin, low body fat, and so damn slept in. Something she was talking about, but he was too distracted by those slept-out eyes in his damn slept-out face.
... And then suddenly there was this word that he couldn't believe,
"...and that's why we're over now, and I'm with Fred." What had his angel just said? He must have misheard.
"Wait a minute: what, break up? But we're... What are you talking about?"
"Oh, Carl, don't make it so hard for me. I've explained it to you in great detail. You let yourself go. For a long time. And this isn't the first time I've tried to explain it to you. Oh, man... Just look at Fred. Look how fit he is. And on the other hand, you..." and with that she pulled up the guy's T-shirt and presented his abs. Carl had had some like that in the past. She stroked Fred's defined belly. That touch triggered an uneasy feeling in Carl, and something seemed to tighten around his stomach.
"Wait a minute, did you guys do sleep with each other already?"
"No, Carl, we haven't 'slept with each other'"
Oooofff... that calmed him.
"We have FUCKED!!! Sleeping with each other is what you and I did, but Fred fucks me. Like you never could have." There was that band around his stomach again, almost crushing him this time.
"Uh, what...???"
"Well, you're just more of a romantic, but I need someone to really get me off. And his cock, Carl, oh my God! His cock!... Look at it!" And with that, she opened Fred's pants in front of him and fished his cock out of the unbuttoned fly, and that's when Carl saw the problem with his own eyes. Even when flaccid, the thing was massive.
"... And you should see him stiff. Someone like you just can't keep up." Carl was mesmerized by what he was looking at. His girlfriend - well, obviously now his ex-girlfriend - was sitting on his couch next to Fred, the biggest loser of the old study group of the whole university, playing with his massive member. In front of his eyes.
"Uh, Verena...?" Still, Fred tried to resist, but Verena wouldn't let him get much of a word in edgewise.
"You stay out of this now, Fred!"
As if absent-minded, Verena took Fred's cock in her hand and moved it up and down while she explained to Carl all the things she didn't like about their relationship.
"You know, Carl, someone like you just doesn't fit my lifestyle any more. I've got something else going on in my life, and it's not just hanging out on the couch watching you play Fifa." Fred began to breathe louder and faster next to her, while his part straightened up more and more. Soon Verena could no longer grasp him with her delicate fingers, but she continued to speak undeterred, looking Carl in the eye while paying no further attention to Fred.
"You didn't really rock any of your job interviews, all your potential from college kind of evaporated, and you've become totally uncreative in bed, too."
"Ah, and that's better with Freddy Spaghetti now, is it?"
"Jeez, you're not supposed to call him that all the time, and the spaghetti is more likely to be yours compared to this contraption here." Fred's cock had now grown to full glory, and if Carl hadn't been completely shocked by the situation, he probably would have laughed.
"Verena?", Fred now butted back into their conversation, "what's this going to be now?"
"The two of us are going to show Carl why this just isn't going to work out with him and more." Verena answered him.
"Don't you think you should ask me first?" Fred still tried to defend himself while sitting on Carl's couch with his manhood exposed. Verena put on her most devilish grin. Carl remembered that grin. Whenever she was up to anything wild, she would pull the corners of her mouth up like that and her eyebrows down. She leaned in to Fred's and whispered something in his ear. Something kinky, obviously, because his cock twitched briefly. Carl was still quite mesmerized by this powerful device he was looking at. Fred nodded briefly, and Verena pulled her top over her head.
She had obviously planned that part of the evening as well, because instead of her usual sports bra, she wore nothing underneath. Instead, her wonderful breasts popped out as she pulled the thing off. Carl would have recognized them among hundreds. Teardrop-shaped, slightly larger than a hand, firm little pink nipples. Out of reflex, he reached out for them, but of course that wasn't his territory any more, and besides, Fred was faster. He took Verena's left breast in his hand, twirled one of her nipples between his thumb and forefinger, and took it between his lips. He sucked it in, making Verena moan briefly and softly.
At the same time, she gripped his cock a little tighter again. Shortly after, she turned her face to Carl and looked him directly in the eyes. As if to make sure, he was really looking. What happened now gave Carl a stab in the heart. She pulled her now wet nipple out of Fred's mouth and bent down to his lap with her lips open. Carl had always had to beg for days for her to take him in her mouth. But now there was a lust in her eyes for this practice that he had never observed in her during their time together.
Verena stuck out the tip of her tongue and licked Fred's dick on the underside once from base to tip. In the latter's face, Carl saw, as he looked, a mixture of nervousness and lust. Apparently he wasn't used to an audience either, but Verena's determination left no doubt that both men had their roles to play in this theatre. Fred as the superior sex machine, Carl as the humiliated spectator.
Verena let her tongue circle around Fred's swollen glans, which elicited a throaty moan from him. Carl could hardly believe what he was seeing in front of him, but he also noticed how his own penis slowly began to fill with blood. Verena had taken Fred's cock into her mouth by now and was sucking and licking on it with obvious pleasure, sliding her lips up and down his shaft again and again, getting faster and faster. She also began to emit muffled sounds now.
With a plop, she let it slide out of her mouth, making sure once again that Carl was really looking. She briefly let her gaze slide to his crotch as well and must have noticed that something was stirring in his pants. By now he was at least semi-stiff.
"Go ahead and get it out, Carl! Then you'll have the direct comparison." Carl did as he was told and fished his own dick out of his pants. Compared to Fred, he seemed almost comically small, although he had actually always considered his device to be at least average.
Verena meanwhile, set about removing her pants as well. Obviously she didn't want to leave anything to chance here either and had firstly left off the panties and secondly shaved off her hair except for a fine landing strip. It was clear to see that she was very turned on by the situation. Her lips were pale pink and already slightly swollen, and the first glistening traces of moisture were visible in her slit.
"Go on, show him how I like it." With that, she lay down on her back, grabbed the back of Fred's head and pulled him between her thighs, where he immediately set to work with his tongue.
"Mmm, yeah, right there! Let your tongue circle." she breathed to him in an excited, quivering voice. Again the look into Carl's eyes. His attention was entirely on his guests. His thoughts between the horniness that arose in him due to the live porn, and the jealousy and humiliation that it brought to see his (ex-)girlfriend being licked by one of her old friends and clearly enjoying it.
"Finger!", Verena commanded her new lover in an excited trembling voice, and he licked through her fold again in one long slow stroke and then obediently pushed his index and middle finger into her now completely soaked slit. Either Fred was a natural at recognizing her needs, or the two of them already had a routine going on. Had this been going on for a while with these two?
The twitching of his own cock distracted Carl from those thoughts. Now there was only room in his brain for the battle of horniness versus jealousy, and horniness was clearly winning. Slowly, he now also moved his hand southward, toward his member, which was now at full mast. Verena, of course, had caught this movement out of the corner of her eye and nodded at him.
"Feel free to touch yourself. I'll never do it again." And with that, horniness had finally won the war in Carl's mind. Slowly, he jerked himself off, while across from him another gave his girlfriend more pleasure than he had ever experienced between the two of them.
Fred, meanwhile, was fully absorbed in his task. His tongue circled Verena's clit as he curved his fingers slightly upward to stimulate her G-spot. His face was by now completely soaked with her juices. Verena towered over the action as queen, directing her toy boys.
"Faster!" she instructed her lover, and Carl wasn't quite sure if he was meant either, but increased his efforts on himself as a precaution. Fred was pushed closer to the centre of her pleasure with a gentle squeeze on the back of his head.
"Faster!" Moaned Verena as she contorted her face lustfully. She was obviously on the verge of a climax.
"Yes, yes! Yaaaaasss!!!" Verena pushed her upper body up and her crotch harder into Fred's face as she experienced her first climax. She gasped a little, breathing heavily as she rode the wave to completion.
"Good job!" She praised Fred and patted the back of his head. Fred grinned with satisfaction and wiped Verena's juices from his mouth before she pulled him up to her for a deep, passionate kiss. Carl had to loosen his grip on himself, or he too would have cum at this sight now, but he knew Verena wasn't done with them yet.
"Come on, big guy, give it to me! I want your cock inside me now." Another one of those new facets of Verena that Carl didn't know. She had never uttered such filthy phrases in his bed. Verena got down on all fours, her face toward Carl and her ass stretched toward Fred. He knew immediately what was required of him. Fred took his cock in his hand, slid its tip two, three times through Verena's wet slit and slowly but firmly pushed his bulging cock into Carl's ex-girlfriend. Her face was so close to Carl now because of the new position that he could feel her breath on his thighs. He would so love to touch her now, to take her swaying breasts in his hand, to put his cock in her mouth, but of course that was out of the question. He was relegated to the spectator seat.
Verena, on the other hand, was visibly enjoying the long, slow thrusts. Fred had slowly worked his enormous part all the way into her wet, warm and soft cave and was now thrusting in and out slowly but rhythmically and at full length.
"Aaaaahhhh..." moaned Verena. "Faster... uuuhhh, ahhh,... harder... mmmhhh... deeper...!" She knew what she needed and wasn't too shy to ask for it. Meanwhile, Fred's face could be seen fighting the approaching climax. Slowing down, however, he didn't want to either. Too afraid of disappointing his new playmate.
She enjoyed how much she got stretched and filled by Fred's cock inside her. Verena reached between her legs and additionally stimulated her clit while Fred thrust harder and harder. Carl's movements on himself were also getting firmer and faster. He could feel Verena's breath on the wet tip of his penis. She was so close, but at the same time so far away. Verena moaned louder and louder, moving unerringly toward her second climax, further cheering the two men on.
They were in a secret race to see who could keep up with the queen of events. Neither wanted to finish until the woman was completely satisfied. Just before Carl and also Fred exploded, it burst out of Verena.
She pressed her face into the sofa and almost screamed with pleasure while her pussy twitched around Fred's cock, pressing her ass against him to take him even deeper inside her. Just as she was about to bring her breathing back under control and relax completely under Fred, he pulled his cock out of her, gleaming with moisture in the light. He pumped it twice more with his hand and with a deep grunt shot his load on Verena's peach butt, the next shot went on her back and the last twitches shot his cum over her head, across Carl's living room floor and a few drops landed on his thigh.
His girlfriend, her cheeks flushed red and her cum-smeared ass sticking up in the air in front of him, the former student buddy who had just fucked her right in front of him, it was all too much for Carl. He gave his cock a few more thrusts in his hand, and he too shot his load onto the floor in front of him. Physically, all three present were satisfied, and the whole living room smelled intensely of sex.
"So Carl," Verna turned to her former boyfriend, "I hope you see that you just can't keep up with this. Neither physically nor in terms of ambition."
"Yeah, uh, and sorry about the stains."
Damn Fred...!