Lucia had posed for other artists and found the act tiresome and boring. They seemed to make her tense and on edge and the time passed very slowly. She had been referred as a possible model to Robert by Maria, a mutual friend. He was looking for a woman like her with dark hair and eyes and very feminine features. When they met there was some discussion about her posing. Robert came right to the point.
"I am interested in a nude pose Lucia. Is that is O.K. with you?"
She hesitated as she had posed nude a few times but only for female artists and with a man it might be different. Lucia felt no embarrassment about nudity as she was very proud of her body. The dancing she did regularly and the work outs had kept her body tight.
"I am willing to give it a try Robert. Maria tells me you are a professional and I believe her."
In the end she may have agreed because of Robert himself. She found him very handsome in a masculine way. He was different from the men she usually went for as he was blond and fair with pale blue eyes and a lean angular body. It could be an interesting experience for her.
She arrived at his studio a little late and apologized but Robert assured her that was not a problem. He was preparing his materials and would be working in pastel on a toned paper. He showed her where she could undress and she did so, returning in a flowered robe.
"We will start with some short poses from which I will do gesture drawings. These quick sketches help familiarize me with your proportions and body lines."
He turned on some Latin jazz music in the background. He told her to go up on the model stand and suggested she let herself go into some dance movements. He would tell her to stop at certain points. Each pose would only last 2 or 3 minutes and then on to another. Lucia slowly removed her robe and stood up on the model stand. The cool air made her nipples stiffen and made her feel a bit embarrassed. Robert was quite taken with her beauty as her dark hair was lustrous and her lips were a covered in a crimson rose gloss that accentuated them into a tempting kissable bud. Her body was a warm flesh tone with pale pinkish nipples, almost blending into her skin. There was a small patch of black pubic hair above her shaved lips.
Lucia began twirling in her poses and Robert seemed to stop her at points when her legs were open and she was bent over a bit. She sensed he was doing this to get a better look at her pussy. She had shaved her outer lips last night thinking about how she would appear in the poses. It made her tingle to think of Robert's focus on her most intimate part. After about 15 minutes the gesture posing was completed and now it was time for the main pose.
"You did a great job with the short poses Lucia. Your body is well toned and you move so gracefully."
Lucia was happy to hear him say that and responded, "Thanks Robert you are sweet to say so."
Robert explained he would like to do a reclining pose next. There were some pillows and a mattress pad set up in the corner. They went over he began to directed her in the pose he wanted.
"I would like you to lay flat on your back here, and I will prop you head up a bit."
She laid down with her head raised up on some pillows so her upper torso was raised.
"That's it good. Now position your left leg flat and extended and bend your right leg with the knee raised and your foot flat on the pad."
Lucia knew this gave a very open view of her pussy, which caused some tingling as she proudly displayed herself.
"That is very nice. I am pleased with it."
Robert walked over to his easel to begin the drawing. Lucia's nipples were rock hard and she couldn't stop thinking about how exposed she was. She wondered if Robert was aroused by the view he had and thought he chose this pose to have her so revealed. Lucia was under his control now and her arousal continued. The heat of her body grew warmer and wetness welled up inside her. Wonderful sensations stirred in the bud still hidden from Robert's view. The time seemed to go so slowly and after 20 minutes or so he said, "I think it is time for a break."
"Yes that would be great I could use a stretch now."
Lucia started to break the pose but Robert stopped her.
"I need to mark your position Lucia so just a sec."
He walked over and hoped that the bulge in his shorts was not showing. Her pussy was one of the most beautiful he had ever seen. The rich pink color was perfect with her flesh tone and the smooth lily shaped lips were elegant beyond compare. The edges were a deeper crimson now and he sensed her arousal. Lucia was aroused to be posing at like this and loved the power she now felt. When Robert bent over to mark her position and she could see the bulge in his crotch. She started to rise and opened her legs wider giving him a more open view, then walked over to put on her robe. Lucia examined his drawing of her. He has captured her likeness exactly and the detail was superb and it seemed strange to see her body so exposed. She noticed that Robert had drawn her inner lips which she realized were visible in the pose.
"Your drawing looks wonderful Robert. You have captured me so well and in so much detail. You will do the color next?"
"Yes after a break I will go to the pastels."
Lucia soon walked back to assume the pose and was in a mood to tease now. She removed the robe and lowered herself onto the mat and looked for that marks he had put down. She laid on her back she opened her legs watching his eyes. As expected Robert was intently focused on her pussy. She positioned her self as best she could trying to line up with the marks and looked to him for help. His cock head was pushing against his shorts now which was very visible to her.
"Do I look to be in the same pose?" she asked.
"Yes you look fine."
But Lucia cut in, "Wait a minute. I think I need to adjust myself a little. I saw in your drawing that I was more open here." She said.
She opened her legs a bit more and with her left hand reached and opened her swollen lips wider. The inner lips now glistened on the edges and his cock was throbbing. Robert now sensed that she was teasing him and made up his mind that two could play the game.
"Yes Lucia I think you are right. That is much better."
Robert now decided to take charge of the situation.
Lucia was looking up at him coyly and asked, "Are you ready to start now Robert?"
"Lucia I hope you don't mind if I get more comfortable?"
He removed the shorts showing his full erection to her. She smiled and replied,
"No it is OK. I like the way you look."
He blushed as he explained that the next phase of the drawing process would be applying the color.
"In my work I rely on natural color in the human figure. I chose this pose as it represents a female in a vulnerable position offering herself , and wanting to please. She wants to be desired for her pure beauty and sensuality."
Lucia nodded as she understood what he was saying.
Robert went on, "It was important to present her in a way that will enhanced this visual beauty. I was pleased that you noticed that your labia were exposed and in view." he explained.
"It want to draw attention to your state of sensual arousal as it is displayed. When a woman is aroused in this way it is not only the open lips and wetness that can be seen but also a distinct change of coloring. This is true also for your nipples and face."
Lucia could feel her arousal building. She felt pressure on her nipple tips as they stiffened and her pussy continued to ooze.
"Is there anything I can do to make the pose more effective?" she asked.
Robert explained, "You will need to pull on your nipples to create the full length and color change in them."
She began to pull on them lightly at first, but could not help herself as the tingling was going through her entire body. She began to pull on them harder. Robert watched her manipulating them and moved his lips down to her breast.
"I think some gentle sucking will bring the full swelling and color changes to them."
Her nipple felt wonderful in his mouth as he sucked on it applying more pressure as he did. He started to bite on the tip between his teeth ever so gently.
Lucia started to squirm now and spasms of pleasure ran through her entire body. He did this to both breasts and there were visible the changes in them.
"The pale pink hue is now showing a rosy glow and the tips are out as far as they can go." he told her.
"The color change in your pussy needs to be richer as well. Rub your fingers along the edges of your outer lips but try not to touch the inner lips yet. "
She did as her asked and felt her wetness that had oozed out. The slick surface of the skin there felt so good.
Robert now told her, "Take your inner lips and pull them out a bit. Then feel the edges by running your fingers along them."
She liked his specific directions and she felt she was going to cum and needed to stop. Lucia was now as close to orgasm as she could be. Her wide open legs were shaking and she was totally exposed to him. His hands touched hers and pulled them away from her lips.
"You can stop now Lucia."
He explained that because she was so close to orgasm they needed to be careful as to not take away from the effect he wanted.
"I want you to pull back your hood and expose your clitoris, then with your right index finger gently touch the area around it."
She began to circle it putting slight pressure on it.
"That's good now, just a bit more. Now stop."
Lucia was so on the edge it was hard for her but she did as he asked. While circling her bud she could not help but "accidentally" touch it a few times. Robert looked down at her swollen and totally aroused pussy and could not help but be fully aroused now himself. It was oozing her wetness and the pink tones were now rich with color. Her clit was swollen in the near orgasm stage and the lips were edged in a warm crimson hue the made his cock jump. The game would go to its last stage now.
"You look absolutely wonderful now so wet and full of color. But we need to get the level of swelling to the maximum."
It would require her co operation as she needed to stay right on the edge and he did not want her to orgasm.
"Lucia must stop me if you feel an orgasm coming."
"I will try Robert." she half whispered.
Robert knelt over her and positioned himself between her legs. She was at the visual pinnacle of sexual arousal. He could see her pussy was on fire dripping with sexual nectar and bent over with his lips and gently kissed her swollen labia. They tasted sweet and he knew she would not be able to stop her self from orgasm.
Lucia moaned softly as she felt waves of pleasure run through her entire body. He continued now sucking the edges of her pussy lips nibbling on them. His tongue worked upwards to her throbbing clit. She had no intention now to stop him.
Lucia's breathing quickened and her whole pelvis began to spasm as Robert put his mouth over her clit and began sucking it. He could feel it pulsating between his lips and without warning she let out a sharp cry and then a piercing moan. Her orgasm was at last upon her and her entire body shook. He continued sucking her bud as she squirmed to free herself. Finally after a few more spasms she collapsed and just laid there.
He had satisfied her entire being and sexually drained her and the glow she felt was heavenly.