Author's Note: This is anotherFICTIONAL story. All characters in the story areFICTIONAL storywith the exception of my wife and I. All of the actions and conversations in this story areFICTIONAL story.
*****
I called Darby to confirm that Alan and I would be at the "White Night (or Knight") event at the hotel on the weekend. I had no idea what I was getting into or, for that matter, what I was getting my husband into. However, there was a stipulation that once we had committed to attend, we were not allowed to renege.
Darby told me that we should be at the hotel around three in the afternoon on Saturday. He also said that this was an exception but I was not to take off my clothes before going up to his penthouse suite.
I did ask him what I should wear and was told "It's not a formal occasion but wear something nice. You need not go overboard. The same for your husband. No jeans and t-shirt but no collar and tie either."
The week dragged by but finally Saturday arrived. I spent much of the morning in the bathroom making sure that everything was properly shaved and polished. Alan had a quick shower and got dressed.
I called Darby when we were on our way and he agreed that we could park in his private underground garage again. The garage door was open when we arrived and Dave, as usual, was cleaning one of the limousines.
He waved and yelled "Go straight up. Darby is waiting for you."
Fitz was waiting for us when the elevator reached the penthouse level. I almost apologised to him for having clothes on but figured that was a little inappropriate in front of my husband.
Fitz took us into the living room where Darby was waiting.
"Janice and ..."
"Alan." If my husband was annoyed at the fact that Fitz couldn't remember his name, he didn't show it.
"Yes. Janice and Alan." Fitz announced.
Darby stood up and gave me a hug and a peck on the cheek. Then he shook Alan's hand and said "Good to see you again. How're you doing?"
"I'm fine. You?"
Darby ignored the question and led me to a loveseat and sat down beside me. Alan sat in a chair opposite us.
"So, what are we up to tonight?" I asked.
"Don't worry about the details. You'll have a great time. All will be revealed when everyone else gets here.
Over the next hour a steady stream of black couples came in along with one other white couple.
As the place was getting more and more crowded Darby asked me to help serve drinks. The other white woman was also put to work.
By now the place was very crowded and noisy. A few more black couples arrived and then one more white couple.
Darby stepped up onto one of the coffee tables and clapped his hands. It took a little while before the room quietened down and he had everyone's attention.
"Ladies and Gentlemen. This evening we welcome Nancy and Jeff, Janice and Alan and Chrissie and Nick to our gathering." He announced.
It was already obvious that white people were very much in the minority but now we were being singled out.
A round of applause filled the room. I felt very self conscious but also excited. I knew that I was going to be naked sooner rather than later. I couldn't figure out what Alan's part was in this though.
"As always, there is only one basic rule and that is anything goes. Are we ready to begin?" Darby yelled.
The black gathering cheered. I felt nervous and Alan looked petrified.
Darby had three sheets of paper in his hand and he gave one to each husband. The rest of the crowd had backed off to give us a little room but we were still within arms reach.
"Alan. Please follow the instructions on your paper."
I saw him scanning the sheet and then he looked up at me with a look of shock on his face. He had watched me get gangbanged, seen me strip and various other things on many occasions. He had even joined in a few times but the look on his face made me very nervous.
Fitz stepped forward with a wooden dining room chair and put it down beside my husband. Alan turned and put the sheet of paper on the chair and then moved towards me. He gave me a look with his eyebrows raised and I knew he was asking whether I was sure I wanted to do this. I responded with a shrug as if to say "It's too late to ask that now."
He stood right in front of me and started to undo the buttons on my blouse. When they were all undone, he pushed the blouse off of my shoulders and then went behind me and freed my arms. Then he just dropped the blouse onto the floor beside me.
I was glad that I had worn some pretty underwear rather than my normal everyday comfortable stuff.
He undid the button on my pants and eased them down my legs. I stepped out of them and he put them on top of my blouse.
Next, he reached around behind me and undid the two hooks that held my bra. He pulled the straps down my arms and my breasts swung free.
Kneeling down, he took the waistband of my panties and pulled them down over my ass and then took them further down to reveal my pussy. I stepped out of them and, as he tossed them onto the pile of my discarded clothing, I saw that there was a little glistening wet patch in the crotch. I was sure that he would have been able to smell my excitement even if he didn't notice the wet spot.
He stood up and stared at my body for a brief moment and smiled. I trembled a little but I didn't know if it was fear or anticipation.
Alan turned and picked up the piece of paper from the chair and cleared his throat.
In a loud voice he announced "Gentlemen, I present to you my wife. You may do with her as you please."
With that he dropped the paper on the floor and sat down on the chair.
As I looked around, I realised that I was the only naked person in the room. I was almost lightheaded with excitement but I felt sorry for the other two white women. I figured that they were about to go through the same procedure that I had.
The room was silent and I became very aware of the eyes focussed on my body. I had a pretty good idea what the guys were thinking and I realised that my trembling was down solely to anticipation.
By now the second husband was working in his wife's clothing. When she was naked, she tried to cover her pussy with her hands but her husband pulled them away and put them by her sides. From what I could see of her she looked like she had a nice pair of boobs but her legs were very skinny.
The third wife was stripped quite quickly and she had a smile on her face all the time. I guessed that this was not her first time.
Now that all three of us were naked it was only a matter of moments before the fun would start. I glanced at Alan to see how he was doing and was surprised to see that his arms were tied to the back of his chair and his ankles were similarly fastened to the legs of the chair.
At that moment I heard someone clap twice and then heard Darby say "Gentlemen, take your pleasure."
I felt a hand on my ass and then another on one of my breasts. Who ever was behind me took his hand off of my butt and reached around to cup my other boob. He started to roll my nipples between his forefingers and thumbs. I sighed with pleasure and leaned back a little. Then I felt another hand lightly brush against my pussy.
I opened my eyes and saw that my husband was watching what was happening. The two guys fondling me had deliberately stood behind and to the side of me so that Alan could see what they were doing.
I felt a finger slip between my pussy lips and I feared that my legs may give way. I unconsciously started to rotate my hips in time to the guy's fingering. A number of the guys had already taken their clothes off and were starting to move in. The guy with my breasts in his hands let go and was quickly replaced by another. I could feel the guy's cock pushing against my butt and it was obvious that he was naked.
He bent me over and kicked my legs apart. In the same moment I felt the head of his cock ease its way into my pussy. He fucked me vigorously and roughly. I saw that Alan was watching my tits flail around and it reminded me of the first time I had been fucked by a black guy in front of him.
The guy soon came and the next one pushed me down onto my hands and knees before entering me. Again, the fucking was rough and energetic. I heard women laughing and shouting encouragement and for a moment I felt a little shame.
The next guy turned me so that I was side on to my husband. I glanced at him and saw that he was watching but his face was expressionless. My head dropped as the fucking got even more rough and when I looked up again, I saw a naked guy stood very close to my husband. His erect cock was just inches from my husbands face and I heard him ask "Do you like this? Do you like my cock?"
My husband shook his head and the guy said "I'm going to put it inside your wife's mouth. Do you want to see this black cock in her mouth?"
Alan didn't reply so the guy got down on his knees in front of me. I was determined to keep my mouth shut if at all possible but the guy in my pussy was banging me so hard that I couldn't help but gasp. In that instant I had a cock in each end.
Before long some of the black wives were gathered around me while their husbands fucked me mercilessly. A couple of them started to grab at my flailing tits and soon they were smacking them as they laughed.
In time I was turned again so that my back was toward my husband. There was no respite for me however and I must admit that I didn't expect or want it to cease.
The next time that I was able to turn to face my husband again the chair was empty. It would be an hour or so before I saw him again and what I did see shocked me.
The action around me had subsided a little. The other girls were the current recipients of the frenzy. I was still on my hands and knees and had a rather large cock in my pussy but he was fucking me slowly and gently. I looked up and saw a group of the black wives going past. One of them held a chain that was attached to a little leather collar which was in turn fastened to my husband's erect cock. As he passed, I noticed that his butt cheeks were bright red. I couldn't see the marks that a whip or switch would have left so I guessed that he had been paddled hard. The woman holding the chain was moving pretty quickly and Alan was almost jogging to keep up.
He disappeared from view just as another guy knelt down in front of me and offered his cock. I took it into my mouth willingly and greedily. Technique had gone right out of the window as I sucked furiously. I really wanted to feel his cock pulsing as he emptied his load into me.
When he came, I swallowed as much as I could but couldn't prevent some of it dribbling down my chin. The guy in my pussy came soon after and pulled out. I stayed on my hands and knees to await the next guy. Unfortunately, Darby called a halt to proceedings to allow everyone some rest.
He directed two guys to take me into one of the guest bedrooms to help me take a shower. Both guys joined me in the shower but neither attempted to screw me. Just feeling their hands soaping my body was almost enough to make me orgasm.
When we had finished showering, I was led to Darby's formal dining room where a buffet had been set out. Myself and the other two white women were told to sit next to each other at the table and plates of food were brought for us. I was grateful for something to eat and the fact that we were still naked while all of the other people were now fully clothed didn't bother me at all. I wondered where my husband was and what he was doing. It didn't take me long to find out.
I just happened to look up as he came into the room carrying a tray of food. He was completely naked. Even the cock collar that he was wearing the last time I saw him was gone. I noticed that his cock was semi- erect and that pleased me. His cock looked a decent size and he looked like he wasn't unhappy with the situation. As he turned to head back towards the kitchen, I noticed that his ass was no longer bright red.
So, that was the situation. Three naked white women, three naked white guys and dozens of fully clothed black men and women. I was totally comfortable with it and it looked like my husband was too.
Darby clapped his hands to get everyone's attention and announced "Ladies and gentlemen. It's time for us to continue. Please take your places in the games room."
I stood up ready to go but Darby came over to us and told us to wait in the dining room. I sat back down again as everyone else started to leave the room. Alan and the other two husbands were busy clearing the tables off. I kept my eye on him hoping that we would be able to have a quick chat. I wanted to know what he had been doing while we wives were busy getting fucked. He picked up an empty tray just as two black women were passing. One of them reached down and stroked his cock for a few seconds and I was proud to see it starting to grow. The women both smiled. One of them said something and the other smiled and nodded her head.
About fifteen minutes after the dining room had emptied Darby came back in and told us to follow him to the games room. "You're going to put on a show for everyone."
When we got to the games room, I saw that the little circular stage had been removed and there was now a pit in its place. The black crowd was sat in chairs in rows around the pit.
"What do you want us to do? Wrestle?" I asked.
"Three naked white women. Row upon row of black faces watching. You can do whatever you want." He replied.
The three of us stepped into the pit and some spotlights were turned on. At first, we had no idea what was expected of us and we just stood around in all our naked glory. Then one of the other women gave me a little shove and in no time, we were on the floor in a writhing heap.
Inevitably we soon tired and the wrestling turned to groping and kissing. I felt a hand on my pussy and shortly after a tongue. The other woman straddled me and presented her vagina to my face. I was quite happy to get my tongue working on her. We licked and fingered each other for the best part of an hour. There were multiple orgasms and lots of moaning and squealing before we eventually slowed to a halt.
One by one we were picked up and carried back to Darby's living room where the fucking was about to start again. We were laid side by side on the carpet and taken missionary style. After a while we were all turned over onto our hands and knees and fucked at both ends. It became common for the partners of the guys who were screwing us to join in and play with our boobs. The atmosphere was starting to change.
With the women's encouragement the fucking started to get rougher and harder. Our moans and screams began to get louder and louder.
"Smack her ass." I heard one woman yell.
After that it became standard for the guy fucking us from behind to slap our backsides as they did so. My nipples were being tugged and twisted and my ass felt like it was on fire. Oddly enough, I found myself enjoying the fact that I was being dominated in this way.
The guy in my mouth pulled his cock out and shot his load over my face and, as I turned my head to avoid the spray, I noticed my husband sitting on a chair beside me. He was tied to the chair naked. His cock was fully erect. Every once in a while, one of the black women would stroke it so that it stayed that way.
Eventually the fucking slowed and finally stopped. It wasn't for our benefit but the guys were spent. The three of us were allowed to go and take a shower. This time it was just the three of us. Apparently, the guys were told to go to the communal shower in the gym to get cleaned up.
We showered in silence but, as we were drying ourselves, I asked "How are you guys doing?"
"I'm OK. I'm Nancy by the way."
"Janice." We shook hands.
"How about you?" I asked.
"I'm Chrissie. I've never done anything like this before. I'm only here because my husband wants to get promoted at work."
"Which one is your boss?" I asked.
"His name is Lionel. He's an old friend of Darby's."
"Are you enjoying it?"
"Yes, I don't get much from my husband." She looked embarrassed.
"Then you should come to next year's Reparations Dinner." I told her.
"What's that?" She asked.
"Fifty white women, four hundred black guys. It starts on a Friday evening with the formal dinner. The white women start off as waitresses. Before the end of the dinner most of the girls are naked. The few that aren't soon are. Once you are naked you spend the rest of the weekend that way. From then on, the girls take care of the guys any way they are told to. The event winds up on Sunday evening. I was at this year's event. Two whole days naked getting fucked almost non stop. I thought I'd died and gone to heaven." I explained.
"Wow." Her eyes were big as saucers.
"The best part though is that your husband will be a bus boy at the event. There will be times when he will see you getting doing all kinds of things."
"Like what?" She asked.
"My husband saw me giving blow jobs, getting gangbanged. If there is anything you can do, he has probably seen me do it."
"How does he feel about it?"
"At first he wasn't happy but now he's fine. Sometimes he even joins in."
"Mine is a bit of a wimp." She moaned.
"Then tell him that you are going to next year's event and that he has to come with you. Keep in touch with me. I'll tell Darby that you are interested."
"Please do."
At that moment Darby came in and said "Ok girls. Ready for more fun?"
I winked at Chrissie and she said "Yes please. Come on girls. Let's have fun."
"Follow me." Darby ordered.
This time we headed to the elevator and rode it down to the ballroom.
"This is where the Reparations Dinner Weekend starts.'" I whispered to Chrissie.
Darby led us through the ballroom and up the staircase to the smaller area where I had stripped for, and been fucked by, many of the Indian and Pakistani members of Darby's hotel staff.
The black husbands and wives, all now fully clothed, were sitting around the tables. Myself and the other two naked white women were led in and marched up the three steps to the stage. Once up on the stage we were told sit down with our legs splayed so that our pussies were visible. I had no problem with this and I was hoping that the fucking was about to start again.
Then our husbands were led in by three older black women. All three of them were naked and had the cock collars on again. They were dragged up the steps and told to stand next to us and their cock collars were removed. Alan was stood right in front of me His cock was very erect and as red as I had ever seen it. I became aware that my pussy was soaking wet and my nipples we hard.
One of the older black women ordered me and the other two wives to get onto our hands and knees and then down onto our elbows. The guys were made to adopt a similar position behind each of us. Alan was behind me until someone pointed out that we were a couple. He was moved up the line so that he was behind one of the others. When the old lady was satisfied that we were all lined up behind each other we were order to lick each others' private parts.
With our noses against the ass of the person in front we started to lick. I enjoyed being licked by the guy behind me and didn't mind licking the balls of the guy in front of me but I didn't like having my nose between his butt cheeks. I had been humiliated in many other ways but this was probably the worst. When I heard laughter coming from the black audience I almost started to cry.
After about ten minutes of licking the guys were told to fuck the white woman in front of him. I had no idea which of the other two husbands was behind me but he was fucking me for all he was worth. It felt good when he came inside me. He shrank quickly and slipped out. Then I was ordered to turn around and clean his cock up with my mouth. As I knelt to clean him up, I could feel his cum dripping out of my pussy and running down my legs. I felt very dirty.
When I had cleaned the guy up, I was ordered to get onto my elbows and knees with my ass facing the audience. Then I was made to spread my knees apart so that my dripping pussy was on view. I looked left and right and saw the other two wives in the same position. I fully expected to get fucked again.
I saw movement to my left and noticed Darby coming up the steps with a microphone in his hand.
"Ladies and gentlemen. I hope the you all enjoyed this little educational session regarding natures hierarchy. At the top of the pile we have the black man. He is naturally dominant. Then we have other males. They are there to clean up after us. At the bottom of the pile are white women. They exist to give the black man pleasure."
I wasn't overly pleased that Darby considered white women to be at the bottom end of the evolutionary scale but I had known since the first time I had met him that, if he told me to strip and fuck, I was going to strip and fuck. Wherever, whenever and whomever. I also knew that I loved it, was addicted to it and my fuck of choice was black men.
When we were finally allowed to stand up, I noticed that our husbands were gone. Darby called us over and told us that we were to serve snacks to the black people. He led us to a large table upon which trays of food had been placed. Our instructions were to take two trays each and offer the food to the black audience. As we were walking around the tables it was common to have our boobs, pussies and asses grabbed, fondled and slapped by the black men and women. I didn't mind it too much but I was impatient for the fucking to start again.
When the demand for food subsided the tension in the room became palpable. I was making my way back to the big table with an empty tray when I was grabbed from behind. I dropped the tray and it hit the wooden floor with a loud clang. It almost seemed like it was the sound of the bell to start a wrestling match. I was pushed to my knees and then bent over. In no time I felt my pussy being penetrated. The fucking was as hard and rough as ever and, when the guy grabbed my hair and pulled, I realised that my breasts were flying in all directions and the women in front of me were pointing and laughing.
I had no idea how long I had been fucked, how many blowjobs I had given or how many hand jobs. My mouth and pussy were sore as were my knees. My ass and tits had been slapped mercilessly over the past hours and I felt used but satisfied.
The crowd of black people began to thin out and soon the fucking stopped. I looked at the other two girls and was shocked at the sight of them. They were both covered in cum, their hair was a mess and they were both breathing hard. One of them had worn too much make-up and her face was streaked with black lines. I realised that I almost certainly looked as bad. Thankfully I had learned long ago not to wear make-up to these occasions so at least I didn't have that problem.
I looked over at Chrissie and smiled. I felt the dried cum on my face crack. Chrissie looked as if she didn't even know where she was. Her eyes looked blankly around the room. She had a look of contentment on her face and when she noticed me, she smiled. I knew then that we were going to have many adventures together.
When the room had emptied Darby stood up and said "I'm proud of you three. I didn't expect any of you to last this long. Have you enjoyed yourselves?"
Chrissie and I nodded but Nancy was too spent to respond.
"Follow me." Darby ordered.
He led us back to the elevator and up to his suite.
"Where are our husbands?" I asked.
"Oh, they were sent home hours ago. I put them in taxis and sent them home. It's time for you three to go now too." He replied.
"What time is it?" I asked.
Darby looked at his watch and said "It's a quarter to four."
"Where are our clothes?"
"I have no idea. I'll get one of my people to bring you something and we'll look for your clothes later."
He picked up the phone and said "Please bring something for the girls to wear home."
"So, this was 'white night'. What other nights do you have?" I asked.
"We've had Indian and Pakistani, Hispanic, Chinese. We don't have a problem finding girls to come and pleasure us." Darby replied.
"Us being black guys?"
"Of course."
"Do you have black nights?"
"Certainly not." Darby appeared offended at my question.
He softened a bit and said "Janice, I know you'll be back but what about you two?"
Chrissie smiled and nodded her head but Nancy shook her head and said "No, I didn't enjoy it. You won't see me again."
"Well, I'm sorry you didn't have a good time. I hope you'll change your mind sometime." Darby sounded truly sympathetic.
Ten minutes later one of Darby's servants arrived with three garments. We each took one. I was horrified to find out that we had been given very low-cut short dresses. When I put mine on my boobs almost tumbled out of it and I knew that if I bent over my ass would be on display. I realised that when I sat in my car to drive home my pussy would be visible and my bare ass would be on the leather seat. I resolved to put the seat heater on and drive slowly so that I didn't get pulled over by the cops.
I got home without incident and immediately went to take a shower. The sound of the shower woke my husband up and he was waiting with a towel as soon as I stepped out.
"Have fun?" He asked.
"Yes. It was a very good evening. What about you?"
"I enjoyed it too. After watching you get fucked for a while the three of us were taken away by some women and stripped naked. They paddled our asses for a while, I didn't enjoy that, and then we were taken into the games room." He replied.
"I saw you go by with a woman pulling you on a lead. You had a cock collar on."
"Yes, I glanced over at you and you were still getting shagged like crazy."
"What happened then?"
"When we got to the games room we were sucked, wanked and fucked by a bunch of older black women. I don't know how they managed it but I came several times in the next few hours." He explained.
"Then we served at the dinner. One of the women stroked my cock and told me that she didn't want to see it drooping. I almost came again there. After we watched you three pleasuring the guys for a while, we were taken away again and played with. Then we went downstairs where we each fucked one of you. I had Nancy. When that was done, we were told to get dressed and go downstairs where taxis were waiting to take us home. I was home by around one o'clock."
"Wow, the fucking started up again at that point. It didn't stop again until gone three thirty. I was surprised at how long we girls had been continually screwed."
I yawned and Alan told me to go to bed and get some sleep.
It was nearly noon by time I got up. Alan had bacon and eggs ready for me and I ate greedily.
"Did you enjoy yourself yesterday?" He asked.
"Yes, I loved it."
"What did you like most?"
"I think what turned me on most was getting rough fucked while you watched but I guess I enjoyed pretty much the entire evening."
"Do you have anything else lined up?"
"No, not at the moment. Perhaps I might invite some guys to come here for dinner one evening."
"Ok. Let me know. I'll be here if you want me to be or, if you prefer, I could go and find some fun of my own."
"I heard Darby was organising a ladies lunch soon. Maybe he'll need waiters. Interested?"
"Sure. Why not."
I sat down to watch TV for a while but fell asleep almost immediately. Alan woke me up around seven in the evening and we went to bed. Although I had enjoyed myself immensely it felt good to be at home in my own bed with my husband by my side.