Janet came through the kitchen door and her brother Max groaned softly. He was sitting in the corner of the breakfast nook, eating a toaster waffle. He had on his normal baggy shorts and t-shirt. She on the other hand was nowhere near dressed as normal. In cold weather, she wore baggy sweaters or sweatshirts and sloppy sweat pants. In warm weather, she wore big oversized t-shirts and jeans.
This morning the weather was already warm and headed toward hot before noon. "Are you dressing for the heat?" He asked with a bite of the waffle hovering close to his mouth. Her appearance had stopped the bite in mid flight.
Janet grinned and replied as she crossed the kitchen to the refrigerator, "Something like that."
The white short sleeveless t-shirt she had on had narrow straps on the shoulders, a deep scooped neckline, and was open on the sides halfway to her waist. Her small cone shaped breasts were clearly outlined by the soft material. Her hard nipples adding height to the dark shape of her puffy aureoles.
When she bent at the waist to get the milk from the bottom shelf of the fridge, Max groaned again. Her ass was pointed in his direction. The soft light gray short shorts hugged her ass and were pulled up tightly into the crack. Her sex was cupped by the soft fabric and more outlined than anything.
"Dressed to kill, is more like it," he whispered to himself before he finally got the waffle in his mouth.
Janet gave him a questioning look as she straightened up. "Did you say something?"
Max shook his head as he chewed the bite. She had a smile on her face as she carried the milk over to the counter and sat it down. She opened the overhead cabinet and came up on her toes to reach for a glass on a high shelf. Max groaned softly as her arm rose to expose her right breast to his viewing pleasure.
Her breasts were different from any he had ever seen. Not that he had seen all that many in person. Her long red hair and freckles added to her difference and beauty. He sighed as she came down off her toes and placed the glass on the counter.
She glanced his way as she poured milk into the glass. "You sure are making a lot of noise over that waffle this morning."
"What can I say, it's a good waffle," he replied with a grin.
Janet smiled at him before she returned the milk to the fridge. He was treated to the same view as before. The view without the shorts would have given him more of a hard attack than he had now. Briefly, he wondered if she was doing all this on purpose. That wasn't her style but then again, dressing like she was, wasn't either.
As she returned to where her milk was, he asked, "So, what have you got planned for the weekend?"
She picked up the glass of milk and walked over to the end of the breakfast bar closest to the nook. She pulled out the end stool and turned it in his direction. She sat down on it and took a sip of the milk. "Nothing really. It's weird with mom and dad both gone."
"Nothing? I figured you'd call a bunch of your wild friends up and have a party or something."
Janet chuckled. "What wild friends? What friends, period, for that matter?"
"Uh... well.... Jenny is the only name that comes to mind," Max said with a grin. Tall, long legged Jenny starred in his fantasies much of the time.
"She's at college, as you well know."
"Ain't it a shame," he whispered with a sigh at the end.
Janet chuckled. "You always did have a thing for her."
Max nodded as he grinned at his sister. "Several things as a matter of fact."
"Kinky," Janet whispered as she picked up her feet and hooked her heels on the lower rung of the stool. Her knees were open a little more than shoulder width as she wiggled forward on the stool.
Max did a double take at his sister as she moved. A few seconds later, he groaned softly. Her sex was being presented as a beautiful camel toe. He licked his lips as his eyes moved to his sister's face. "Speaking of kinky, what's with you today?"
Janet looked down. Slowly she opened her legs even wider, slowly closed then, and opened them back up several times. The cloth between her thighs stretched and relaxed. Now the camel toe was even more pronounced. Looking at her brother, she grinned and said, "I love this outfit. How about you?"
"It definitely gets a guys attention," Max said quickly. "Uh, why haven't I ever seen you wear it before?"
"Mom or dad was always home for one thing."
"Uh, what's the other thing?" Max asked. "I'm assuming there is an other thing from the way you said that."
Janet chuckled. "Jenny's gone and I'm feeling horny and raunchy."
"What has Jenny got to do with you...." Max stalled out, as his eyes grew wide. "You and Jenny?" came out of his mouth before he could stop it.
Janet giggled. "Since the sixth grade."
"You're a lesbian?" Max asked as he tried to remember if and when Janet had gone out with a guy.
"I'm not really sure," Janet replied and took the last sip of her milk. As she sat the glass aside, she added, "Jenny and I have been so much fun and so convenient that boys have never come up."
"Uh, is Jenny a lesbian?"
Janet laughed. "Not according to her boyfriend."
"I, uh, didn't know she had a boyfriend."
"She met him last summer. Just before, she left for college. He's going to the same school."
"Does he know about you two?" was Max's next question.
"Not yet but he might find out next semester, since Jenny and I will be roommates," she replied with a grin.
Max leaned back in the corner of the seat and groaned softly. "The woman I've always fantasies about is making it with my sister. There is no justice in this world."
"Hey, you're the one who never made the move. Jenny wondered there for a while if you were gay."
"Uh, shy, not gay," Max replied quickly.
"Too slow, is another way of putting it," Janet said with a laugh.
Max sighed deeply and sat up. He pushed his plate away. He was no longer hungry. "Yeah, too slow is always a bad thing."
Janet giggled. "Not in lovemaking."
Max's mouth dropped open as he looked at his sister. "That's uh, experience talking, I take it?"
"Damned straight," Janet said with a big grin.
Max groaned and leaned back in the seat. "My sister has gotten more than I have."
"Damned straight," Janet said with a laugh.
"So why are you teasing me so much?"
"More like teasing myself. Jenny loves this outfit, I got to wondering how much a guy would like it, and you were handy."
"Lucky me," Max whispered as his eyes roamed over her body.
Janet shivered lightly and rocked her knees open wide and then back to where they were. "Between your eyes and the way these shorts are cupping my sex, there will be a wet spot in the shorts very soon."
Max grinned and said, "Then take them off. I'd hate for you to make such a mess."
With a giggle, Janet replied, "But this is much more fun."
Max reached under the table and rearranged his hard dick where it was more comfortable. "Yeah, fun is one word for it."
Janet laughed. "Got a problem, brother of mine?"
"Nope, just getting things more comfortable, shall we say."
Janet shivered hard and asked, "Do you have any tight shorts or better yet, some tight underwear?"
"Uh, yeah, I do, but...." He left the sentence hanging.
Janet shivered hard at the word butt. "I have three shear thongs. I love to wear one under my dress when I go to work at the bank. Sitting on the edge of the stool at the tellers cage with my feet like they are now keeps me excited for most of the day."
"Do those get wet spots?"
Janet giggled and nodded. "The first couple of times they were sopping wet by the time I got home. I had on a short, tight skirt and I could feel the cool air someplace hot."
Max groaned. "My kinky sister. Who would believe it?"
"Jenny for one," she replied with a laugh. "I think she still has one of the early pair in her toy box."
"Uh, what's in your toy box?"
"I'll never tell," Janet said and then looked thoughtful for a moment. "I might if you go put on a pair of your tight underwear."
"Will you put on one of your thongs?"
With a big shiver, Janet groaned softly. "Jenny is the only one who has ever seen those, much less me in one."
Max grinned. "You were looking for fun and excitement."
"The way you would look at me would problem make that too much fun for me to handle," she replied in a whisper.
"So what's the worse that could happen? You could have an orgasm. That's about it," Max said softly.
Janet closed her knees suddenly and clenched her thighs together tightly. "One just makes me want to have more," she whispered softly.
"And that's a problem how?" Max asked quickly.
Janet groaned softly and whispered, "We could get into a whole lot of trouble."
"Uh," Max said quickly and paused as he thought over what she had said. A moment later, he added, "Yeah, I kind of see what you're getting at."
She made a whimpering giggling sound. "You don't know the half of it. My toy box is full of fantasies and questions. Questions I've tried to find answers to on my own and a few Jenny helped with but...."
"But?" Max asked.
Janet did giggle this time. "Exactly. One of my biggest fantasies."
Max did a double take at his sister and then whispered, "Now I've got to see what's in that toy box."
"I call it Pandora's box for a reason," she said with a grin. "Opening it isn't a problem. Closing it on the other hand...." She left the sentence hanging as she shivered hard.
Max shook his head slowly, his eyes never leaving his sister's face. "I've dated several different girls but my shyness has kept me from getting very far, shall we say."
Janet's mouth dropped open. He older brother was a virgin? Somehow, that didn't fit her view of the world. "Uh, what?" She said a few moments later.
Max took a deep breath and said straight out, "I'm still a virgin like you."
Janet groaned softly. "Technically, I'm not a virgin. Between fingers and a few toys, mine and Jenny's, something got busted."
"Uh, I meant, like having sex with a guy."
"You want sex with a guy?" Janet said and then laughed at the look on her brother's face.
"No! I was talking about you."
"I know what you meant but I had to tease you. It's my sisterly duty."
"Where does getting your brother horny as hell fit under those sisterly duties?"
"Right between torturing you and getting myself just as horny," Janet replied as she closed her knees, moved her feet to the floor, and stood up. She came up on her toes, raised her arms high over her head, and twisted her upper back from side to side.
Max groaned as one of her breasts came into view as she turned one direct and the other showed as she turned the other. As she lowered her arms and came down off her toes, she asked, "How often do you masturbate?"
With a double take, Max said, "What?"
Janet laughed. "Everyone does it, you know. I average about three times a day most of the time."
"Three times a day," Max parroted.
"On average," his sister replied. "I think the record is somewhere around a dozen times."
Max groaned softly. "Why a dozen times beside the obvious?"
"It was shortly after Jenny left and I stayed horny all day and all night."
"Uh, how often did you and Jenny like, get it on?"
Janet giggled. "Pretty much every day, most of the time and a lot more than that whenever possible. She stays as turned on as I do."
Max groaned and shook his head. "I think I totally screwed up."
Janet laughed as she picked up her glass and headed for the sink to rinse it out. "What was your first clue?"
"Why didn't we have this conversation years ago?" He asked quickly.
"Mom and or dad were always around."
"So how did you and Jenny find so much time to get it on then?"
"Two girls who like to study together in the bedroom with the door closed and locked," Janet replied as she headed across the kitchen toward the stairs.
"Uh, where are you going?" Max asked as she reached the bottom step.
"Up to my room," she replied.
"To, uh, masturbate or to change into a thong?"
"It's all according to what you're going to do. Are you staying there or are you going to change?"
"I... uh... I," Max stammered for a second and then groaned softly. "Uh, I'm going to change."
"Good choice," his sister said as she headed up the stairs.
*****
Max stripped off and dug in his top dresser drawer trying to find his cleanest pair of tidy whities. He slipped them on and groaned as the head of his dick stuck up three inches above the waistband. With a little work, he got the shaft angled to the left and the head under the cloth. It was a tight fit and he wondered how long it would take for his dick to break out of the cocoon.
With another groan, he slipped his baggy t-shirt back on and then took it off again. He dug in a drawer looking for a shirt similar to the one his sister had on. He knew he had one but he hadn't worn it in years.
He found it at the bottom of the third drawer he looked in. It fit tightly across his chest even with the open sides. It seemed shorter than he remembered. It barely came to the top of his underwear. His dick had softened just a little so he didn't have that feeling of popping out as he walked toward his bedroom door.
He stopped just outside the door and looked down the hall toward his sister's bedroom. The door was shut but that was normal. He looked down at the way he was dressed and groaned softly. His sister was right, this was dangerous. A hard dick had no conscience. He hadn't had sex but he still knew this for a fact.
About then, his sister's door opened and she stuck her head out. She saw him and grinned. "Holy shit! Why haven't you worn that outfit before? Jenny would have jumped your bone right here in the hallway."
A vision of Jenny bouncing up and down on his dick made it twitch under the thin cloth. "I... uh... I... uh... we," Max stammered and then backed up inside his room.
"Hey, where are you going," Janet said sharply.
"This ain't a good idea," Max said as he started to shut his door.
Janet appeared in the doorway with a black lacquered box under one arm. Max was frozen in his tracks. She still had on the same t-shirt but now all that covered her sex was a little triangle of sheer white cloth. A tuft of red hair, a few shades light than the hair on her head, poked out of the top center of the narrow waistband.
With a big grin, his sister whispered, "It probably isn't but it's too late now. Neither of us can un-see what we've already seen or unsay what has already been said."
Max gave a shivery shake and sighed deeply. "True, very true," he whispered as his eyes wander over his sister's body. Her sheer panties held his eyes but they also kept jumping to the front of the t-shirt. Something was different.
It took a moment and then he snapped to what was different. Where there was one tent for the right nipple, there were three bumps for the left.
Janet saw where he was looking and raised her hand to cover her left breast. "I, uh, put on my jewelry," she whispered softly. "If mom ever sees it, I'm probably dead."
"You, you got your nipples pierced? Where, when?" Max asked in disbelief. He had been at the mall when his sister had had her ears pierced. She had passed out cold afterwards.
"Jenny and I both had it done the day we turned eighteen. She had her right one done and I had the left done. We were a set that way."
"Where?" Max asked again.
Janet giggled. "A tattoo shop on the far side of town. It was the only place that had a woman doing the piercing."
"Uh... is anything else pierced?"
Janet shook her head and then rocked her hips from side to side. "Not yet," she whispered.
"Uh, what does that mean?"
"It means I've thought about getting something else pierced but I don't have the nerve."
"Uh, where, uh, what are you thinking about having done? I mean, where are you thinking about getting another piercing?" He asked, fumbling around in his mind as he tried to get the question right. He had seen woman's sexes on the Internet that were pierced. His mind was trying to transfer that to his sister's sex, only he didn't have enough visual data, so to speak.
Janet giggled as her hips shifted from side to side again. "It isn't my navel or my other nipple," she whispered.
Max groaned softly. His eyes were on the sheer cloth covering her sex. He really couldn't see much, shadows and hints more than anything. The gray shorts with the camel toe actually showed more. His dick twitched of its own accord again and he groaned softly.
Janet groaned as his dick moved. He looked down quickly but everything was covered. He looked at his sister's face questioningly. Her eyes were on the front of his underwear. "What?" He asked.
She shifted her hips and shivered. "Those show a whole lot more than I've ever seen in person," she whispered.
"Uh, nothing is showing," Max said as he looked down again.
Janet giggled. "Yeah, but the outline is clearly there."
"Just like the camel toe in those shorts earlier," he shot back.
Janet nodded and shivered again. "Showing you that made me so hot and bothered."
"Uh, about the same affect it had on me," her brother replied. "It actually shows more than those panties."
"Oh, but you haven't seen the back yet," she whispered as she turned around slowly.
When her rear end came into view, Max groaned. It was totally bare except for a thin string at the top and a very small V shaped piece of cloth right below her tailbone. Another string disappeared between her ass cheeks. "Holy shit!" He whispered am moment later.
Janet giggled softly as she looked at him over her shoulder. "Let me give you the full affect," she said as she slowly bent at the waist until she could place the box on the floor. Her feet were together and so were her knees.
He groaned again as he took in the way her ass was pushed out and the fact that he could see where the string between her rear cheeks connected to the cloth panel in front. Her lower lips looked fuller and pressed against the sheer cloth more.
She straightened up slowly but Max's eyes remained on her butt. His eyes suddenly jumped to her bare back and the fact that the t-shirt was gone registered. He groaned deeply as his eyes travel up and down her naked body from her shoulders to her heels and back again.
Janet shivered as she took a half step to the side with one foot. Looking at her brother over her shoulder, she took a deep breath and whispered, "I need to pick the box back up and also to show you my last piece of jewelry."
"Uh?" Max said as she started to bend over.
Before her hands even reached the box, he gasped loudly and said, "What the fuck?" There was a sparkling white faceted stone the size of a quarter between her lower ass cheeks.
Janet grinned at him around her thigh and asked, "Do you like it? Jenny couldn't believe that I would actually wear something like that in my asshole."
"Asshole," Max parroted and then gave a jerk. "Asshole? What the..." he started to ask and then groaned deeply again as he whispered, "Butt plug."
Janet wiggled her ass from side to side and giggled. A few seconds later, she straightened up quickly. "One of my deepest secrets and biggest fantasies," she whispered as she turned to face her brother.
His eyes jumped to her breasts, up to her face, and back to her breasts. He licked his lips and they both groaned softly. Max groaned again and turned around quickly. He shook his head trying to clear away the movie of him fucking his sister in the ass. "No! No! No!" He said quickly.
"Is... is there a problem?" Janet asked quickly.
"Oh yeah, several problems," he said and then groaned as he stepped forward enough to shut his bedroom door.
"Hey!" Janet said and opened the door. "What about my toy box?"
"Pandora's box as you said before. I've seen about as much as I can handle, if you know what I mean."
"What are you talking about?" Janet asked in a confused voice.
Max turned around quickly and said, "How about a movie in my mind of me fucking you in your ass?"
Janet gasped loudly and then groaned deeply as her hips jerked back and forth hard several times. She bent forward at the waist and groaned even louder as her hips jerked even harder.
Max's eyes were wide and his mouth hung open. Was she doing what he thought she was, ran around in his mind for nearly a minute before he asked, "Are you doing what I think you're doing?"
Janet groaned again and nodded her head.
Max let out a groan of his own as he continued to watch his sister coming her brains out.
*****
He ended up half carrying his sister over to the side of the bed and sat her down. The toy box ended up next to her. Max had backed away from her until he bumped into the wall. "Dangerous, very dangerous," he whispered softly.
Janet took a deep ragged breath and opened her eyes to look at his face. She had a crooked smile on her face. "You sure hit that fantasy dead on the head."
Max didn't know what to say, so he kept his mouth shut but the movie of fucking his sister's ass was back in all its glory. He groaned deeply and bumped his head on the wall. Maybe that would jar it out or at least turn it off.
Janet giggled and said, "All that will do is give you a headache." A second later, she gasped sharply and then groaned long and loud.
Max gave her a funny look and then noticed where her eyes were. He looked down to see his dick standing up straight. A full three inches and the head were bare above the waistband. He grabbed his dick with his right hand and the waistband with his left as he tried to stuff his dick back into the underwear.
"No!" Janet said sharply and loudly. He stopped what he was doing and looked at his sister. She shivered hard and whispered, "Leave it the way it was."
"But...." He said and then groaned as she sat up straight and pushed her chest out.
"I'm way more nude than you are," she whispered with a shiver. She stood up and took the three steps to stand directly in front of him. Her hands went to the hem of his t-shirt and she pulled upward. When the shirt bunched up under his arms, Max raised his arms and she took his shirt off.
"Much better," she said as she took a step back. His dick was back to standing up straight. She grinned and whispered, "Much better in every way."
Max groaned as she tossed the shirt over her shoulder. "But, but, but," he stammered and she backed up to sit on the side of the bed again.
She had a big smile on her face as her hands came up to squeeze and massage her breasts. She moved her hands down to either side of her hips and shivered hard. "That could lead to another orgasm," she said with a crooked grin.
When her brother didn't say anything, she reached for the lid on her toy box. "My bed isn't a good place for you to do that," he said suddenly.
She looked at him and grinned. "I guess my bed is out of the question also." When he only nodded his head, she asked, "Then where?"
"I, uh, don't think anywhere is really safe," he said quickly.
Janet laughed and said, "How about the backyard?"
"What?"
She laughed again and said, "I've never been outside anywhere near this naked. The big fence would make it safe from prying eyes. The sun would be hot. The pool would be there to cool us off."
"You would end up with grass stains on your elbows and knees," Max said and groaned deeply as the movie in his mind moved to the backyard.
Janet stood up with a shiver that was visible. "The backyard it is then. You grab a couple of the big beach towels and I'll meet you out there."
"Uh, where are you going first?" Max asked in confusion.
"There is something I need to do."
Max was still confused as she stood up, picked up the toy box, and left his room. He followed her out and then got more confused as she went into her room and shut the door. With a shrug, he headed for the main bathroom and the towel closet.
*****
By the time Max reached the backyard with the towels, his dick had softened some, and he tucked it back into the left side of his underwear. He noticed there was a clear wet spot where the head rested.
"I'm surprised I haven't gone off like a fountain," he whispered to himself as he sat down in a chair next to the table by the pool. It was hot outside in the sun and the umbrella in the table gave him some shade. A light breeze added to that coolness.
He heard the back door open and close. He turned and looked that way. His mouth dropped open as he watched his sister walk his way. The sheer white thong was gone. In its place was a silvery triangle of cloth that barely covered her slit and outer lips. Her whole mound was bare except for the narrow strip of red hair up the middle of it.
She stopped in front of him and grinned as she sat her toy box on the table along with two cold cokes. "I thought we might get thirsty in this heat," she said as she sat down in the chair next to him.
In the bright light, the balls on either side of her left nipple sparkled and shined. He could also see the scattered freckles on her upper chest. There were only a few on her belly and legs. Across the bridge of her nose and cheeks, they were thicker. The same for her arms.
His eyes went back to the tiny bikini bottom she was almost wearing. "I, uh, didn't know they made a bikini bottom that small. What the heck does the top look like? A couple of small Band-Aids would be my first guess."
Janet grinned. "I had to order this from a company in Australia. There is nothing like it around here. The top is barely wider than my nipples and barely goes from the top to the bottom of my breasts."
"Uh, have you ever worn that anywhere?"
Janet giggled. "Only in my room and Jenny's room. Under my clothes, several times, when we went out. That's about as far as my nerve has allowed me to go."
"How do you keep it in place," Max asked as he looked at the tiny bikini again.
Janet laughed and asked in return, "You're supposed to keep it in place?"
Max did a double take at his sister's face and she grinned. "You should see it when Jenny has it on."
He groaned deeply at the vision behind his eyes of Jenny's large breasts in such a skimpy top. "Be still my heart," he whispered a moment later.
"I should have worn the top to give you a better sense of size."
Max groaned again. "Oh, don't worry, my mind is supplying all that and more."
"Her mound is wider and higher than mine and she keeps it smoothly shaved," Janet said in a soft whisper.
Max groaned again. "You're killing me here," he said as his eyes wandered up his sister's body.
"Torturing you is so much fun," she replied with a grin as his eyes met hers.
"You're doing an excellent job."
When his eyes went to her toy box, Janet moved the chair until it was facing her brother. She sat down and opened her knees as wide as the arms allowed. Her feet were together but they were up on the toes. She flexed her hips up and felt her ass slide forward in the chair. She did that several more times and grinned as her brother groaned softly.
Max's eyes jumped to his sister's lap as she spread her knees. As she flexed her hips and slid down in the chair farther and farther, his eyes grew wider as her thighs parted more and more. He expected her plump outer lips to pop out from under that tiny bikini at any moment.
Janet picked up one of the cokes and leaned forward to hand it to her brother. When he took it, she leaned back and picked up the remaining one. He opened his and took a sip. She grinned and rubbed the cold can over and around her right breast. She moaned softly and her upper body gave a jerk.
She moved the can to her left breast and groaned as she rubbed it all over. Both her nipples hurt from being so hard. "That... that feels so good," she whispered a moment later.
Max just sat there with his mouth hanging open, his eyes fixed on her nipples and the droplets of water on her breasts. Several grouped together and ran down her lower ribs and on down across her belly. His eyes ended up back on her spread thighs and the tiny bikini covering her sex.
Janet had a grin on her face as she popped the top on the coke and took a swallow. At the sound the can made, Max's eyes jumped to his sister's face. She smiled and said, "Playing with hot things and cold things is fun. A cold coke on a nipple followed by a warm mouth will almost make me come."
"Jenny?" Max said and then added, "I'll have to keep that in mind for the future."
Janet sat the coke aside and opened her toy box. "There are so many things you obviously don't know."
"I know a lot more than you might think," Max said quickly.
"Only in theory," Janet tossed back just as quickly.
"Well, uh, yeah," Max said and then sighed. "So, what are you going to show me?"
Janet pulled a small slender pink vibrator out and held it up.
Max grinned and said, "I know what that is for."
His sister shook her head as she moved the pink vibrator to her left hand and got a bigger fatter one out of the box. "This one is for the front," she said and shivered hard. "The pink one is for the back and makes my orgasms even stronger than they ordinarily would be."
Max's eyes jumped back and forth between the two toys. A moment later, he said, "But..." and left it hanging.
"Exactly," Janet replied with a big grin.
"At... at the same time?" Max asked quickly.
"Sometimes," Janet whispered as her hips flexed harder and faster than earlier.
Max's eyes dropped to his sister's barely covered sex as her hips moved and then jumped up to her face. "Show me," he said in a soft voice.
Janet shivered hard and flexed her hips harder than ever. "I... uh, I, uh, you," she stammered and then groaned as she replied, "This is supposed to be tell, not show and tell."
"Guys are always more visual," her brother said with a grin. "Showing always works better than just telling."
"Yeah, but," Janet said and then groaned deeply. Just the thought of her brother watching her push the vibrator into her sex and ass almost made her come.
"Exactly," Max whispered as his eyes dropped to his sister's sex. Her thighs were even wider as she had slipped lower in the chair from her hips flexing.
Janet groaned again and quickly laid the vibrators aside. She reached into the toy box and pulled a brown colored vibrator out that had a main shaft with a finger sized arm coming off it at the base.
"Jenny bought this one for me," she whispered softly. "Between it and her tongue, I would come for what seemed like hours."
Max squirmed in his chair as he thought of Jenny's head between his sister's thighs and groaned as he visualized the main part of the vibrator ramming into her pussy and the finger going up her ass.
Janet watched her brother as he squirmed and giggled as he groaned. "It was more like me humping this thing like mad and screaming my head off the first few times she used it on me."
"Screaming?" Max asked with a confused look. "How did you keep from having mom or dad pounding on your bedroom door? Or kicking it in for that matter."
"Both of Jenny's parents work and she doesn't have a brother or sister. Her house was the perfect place for us. It allowed us to do all sorts of things in all sorts of places."
Max groaned as his mind tried to supply pictures of his sister and Jenny having sex all over a house. On the stairs was the first place that popped into his head. One sitting on the top step and the other on her knees a few steps down. A dinning room table flashed across his mind and he groaned again.
Janet giggled and whispered, "So many places and so many position two people can get in." It was as though she was reading his mind.
Max shivered hard and whispered, "I'd settle for the floor or a bed or even a couch."
"How about the lady sitting in a chair with her legs draped over the arms on both sides?" Janet asked with a catch in her breath as she visualized herself sitting in that position. Jenny had eaten her pussy and fucked her with toys in that very position many times.
Max's eyes jumped to his sister's lap and she giggled. "No, I am not getting into that position."
"Uh, why not?" Max asked and licked his lips.
Janet made a whimpering sound at the appearance of his tongue and whispered, "I'd get into far more trouble than I could handle and so would you."
Max's eyes flicked up to his sister's face and back down to her barely covered sex. "You could teach me how to eat, uh, pussy," he said under his breath.
Janet groaned and shook her head. "Nope. No way. It's not happening," she said quickly.
Looking up at his sister's face, Max grinned and said, "You can't fault a guy for trying."
"There wouldn't be much teaching as I'd be coming in very short order."
"Hey, it ain't like I'd know what I'm doing or anything," Max said in a confused voice.
Janet giggled and shivered hard. "It wouldn't be the what but the who that would blow my mind."
"Huh?" was Max's witty reply.
Janet closed her knees and squeezed her thighs tightly as she whispered, "Think about what I said. Me looking down to see your face between my thighs and feeling your tongue in and or on my sex. Now think about that in reverse. Me on my knees in front of you."
Max groaned long and loud as he grabbed his lap and rocked forward. Janet's eyes grew wide as she watched him stand up quickly. He had both hands on his dick as he turned toward the pool and walked toward it. When he reached the edge, he stepped off and disappeared from sight.
"What the heck?" Janet said as she stood up and walked over to the edge of the pool. Her brother was completely underwater and rubbing at the front of his underwear. Whitish milky spots appeared in the water as he did.
"Oh shit!" she whispered a moment later as it dawned on her what had happened. With a beet red blush, she spun around and hurried over to sit back down in her chair.
*****
She saw the top of her brother's head several times but it was more than five minutes before she saw him moved up on the steps leading into the pool and sit down. He looked her way and quickly looked away. "Are you okay?" she asked a moment later.
Max nodded his head and then shook it. "That's..." he said and then groaned softly. "That's never happened before."
"Uh, what's that?" Janet asked in as calm a voice as she could muster.
Her brother looked her way with a big frown on his face. "Like you don't know," he said in a loud harsh voice and then looked away. He took a deep breath and stared at the far end of the pool. "Sorry, I shouldn't yell but it is embarrassing."
Janet giggled. "Like me coming in the doorway of your room. That snuck up on me and I think the same thing just happened to you."
Max nodded and said, "Big time." A moment later, he held up his underwear and said, "I'll have to do laundry later."
Janet giggled again. "You can put those in with my shorts and the white thong."
He looked her way and grinned. "I could put the underwear back on but they wouldn't cover much. They are clear where ever they touch me."
Janet nodded. "That white thong has been that way several times. Some of my other panties more than that and I've worn none of them in a pool."
"I, uh, didn't know women got that wet."
Janet shifted in her chair. "I'm sitting in a puddle pretty much right here and right now."
"Uh, what caused that?" Max asked.
Janet shifted in the chair again. She was back to sitting with her feet together and her knees wide apart. Looking down, she could see that about half the lower part of the bikini bottom was missing between her outer lips. She shivered as she looked at her brother.
"Wearing this bikini bottom, sitting the way I was, showing you my toys, and talking about them. That's more than enough to get me sopping wet."
Max was looking her way as he started to stand up and then changed his mind and sat back down. "I'm, uh, not sure I should come over there or not."
"It would make talking easier and we wouldn't be as likely to scare the neighbors if they are outside," Janet said with a grin.
Max looked around at the high fence and said, "Uh, yeah, you're probably right." He stood up part way and sat down again. "The problem is, I've never been naked around a, uh, female, uh, woman before."
Janet laughed. "I'm female and I'm a woman but I'm also your sister, so.... Come on, I promise not to laugh. Not loudly anyway."
Max gave her a dirty look and stood up. He climbed the steps and turned toward her. He grinned and wiggled his hips from side to side. His semi hard dick moved back and forth, as he did. "There's nothing for you to laugh at," he said as he walked in her direction.
Janet shivered as her eyes ran up and down her brother's body. He had a nice build. Strong legs and a thick chest. His arms were muscular but not bulky. As he stopped in front of her, her eyes jumped from his slowly hardening dick to his face. "You're the nicest looking naked man I've ever seen in person."
Max chuckled as he moved to his chair and sat down. "I'm probably the only naked man you've ever seen in person."
Janet's eyes dropped back to his hard dick and she shivered again. "That's true but...."
Max was distracted as his eyes zeroed in on his sister's lap. "Uh, you do realize you're having a, uh, fall out, uh, slipping out problem don't you."
Janet groaned loudly as her hips flexed up and down several times. "Oh yeah, I'm very aware of it and slip as in very slippery is correct."
Max's hand was headed for his hard dick but he detoured it to his thigh. His eyes were drinking in the sight of his sister's outer lips as they slipped a little more out from under the bikini bottom. He licked his lips and looked at his sister's face. "Do you still have the butt plug in?"
Janet nodded quickly. She whimpered softly and closed her knees. "You, you want to see, right."
Max nodded as quickly as she had and then took a deep breath. "Only if you want to show me."
Janet shivered hard as she stood up. She grinned at her brother and said, "You surprised me. I figured you would have yelled, "Yes," at the top of your lungs."
"I, uh, I, uh, yeah. That was my first thought but.... I am learning a few things," he said as he watched his sister turn around.
Janet looked at her brother over her shoulder and shivered hard. "This is going to be so interesting for both of us."
"Interesting?" Max asked but she only grinned at him for a moment.
With a deep breath, she took a step to the side with one foot and then the other. Now her feet were far more than shoulder width wide. A soft moan became louder as she bent at the waist until her hands could grab her ankles. She was looking at her upside down brother from between her legs. She could also see that more of the bikini bottom had disappeared between her outer lips.
A deep groan from her brother drew her eyes back to him. His eyes were locked onto her ass and sex and his right hand had a tight grip on his dick. She wondered if he was about to come again. With a groan of her own, she reached up with both hands and pulled the strings at her hips up higher.
Returning her hands to her ankles she could see that the only thing the bikini bottom was covering were her inner lips and her clit. Her sex clenched up tight as she looked at her brother. Her asshole clamped down tightly on the butt plug and she moaned deeply. Showing off this way had her close to an orgasm of her own.
"That, uh, jewel looks beautiful between your cheeks," she heard her brother say.
As she slowly straightened up, she whispered, "It feels beautiful, also."
She moved her left foot over next to her right and turned around. Max grinned at her and said, "That bikini isn't covering much right now."
Janet grinned and replied, "More than you might think."
When her brother looked at her funny, she took a deep breath and hooked her thumbs in the thin straps at each hip. Not giving herself time to think about it, she pushed the straps down and peeled the bikini bottom off down to her knees. Her brother's eyes were all over her naked body as she pushed the bikini on down and let it fall on the top of her feet.
His eyes jumped to her sex as she straightened up. She moaned softly and so did he. She knew her clit was standing up tall and proud and that it showed above the folds of her inner and outer lips. She wondered how much of her inner lips were showing. They weren't very long but they were thick.
She grinned and then whimpered softly as she thought about how they grew and thinned as Jenny sucked and nibbled on them. She took a step to the side with one foot and then the other.
Max groaned as his sister's legs grew wider apart. His eyes were drinking in the vision of her sex. When she sat down in the chair he groaned as the vision disappeared. A moment later, she groaned loudly as she spread her knees wide but kept her feet together. Her brother's eyes grew wider and he licked his lips suddenly.
Janet groaned loudly and her hips flexed on their own. "I... I think I need to go jump in the pool," she whispered.
Max moaned softly and shook his head. "It, uh, doesn't help except to clean things up."
Janet giggled and shook her head. "Cleaning up in the pool is not the way I had in mind."
Her brother's eyes jumped to her face and he licked his lips again. Janet groaned deeply and nodded. His eyes went wide again. "I, I, I," he stammered quickly.
"You, you, you, are the only one here," she whispered softly as her hips flexed up and down quickly.
"I've, uh, never..." Max whispered and then found himself on his knees in front of his sister.
Janet gasped loudly and slammed her knees shut. It was her turn to stammer, "I, I, I."
Max groaned as her knees closed and then he looked up at his sister's face. Her eyes were closed and she was chewing on her lower lip. "That probably wouldn't be a good idea, would it," he whispered softly.
Janet shook her head and opened her eyes. She moaned softly and slowly opened her knees as wide as they would go. "Probably not, but...."
Max's eyes jumped to her well displayed sex and he licked his lips. His eyes flicked up to his sister's face and back down to her sex. "I, uh, wouldn't know what to do."
"Neither Jenny or I had any idea ourselves when we started."
"Yeah, but..." Max whispered and then groaned softly. "What... what does it taste like?" He asked a moment later.
His sister giggled and replied, "Pussy."
"Well, duh," Max said with a grin.
Janet's hand was suddenly on her sex and one finger was teasing the wet slippery opening. Both of them groaned deeply. She didn't remember telling the hand to move, it just did. Her knees were trying to close on the hand. If they did, she would come and come hard.
Not thinking, just doing, she jerked the hand away and held it out toward her brother. In a shaky voice, she asked, "Want a taste?"
Max did a double take at his sister and nodded slowly. "I, uh, yeah,"
With a quick giggle, she held the finger that had been in her opening out and curled it in a come hither motion. "Suck on my finger," she whispered as a shiver ran up and down her spine.
Max's head shot forward and he sucked on the finger. They both moaned loudly. When his tongue moved over and around the fingertip, Janet groaned long and loud as her knees slammed shut. A moment later, she was coming for all she was worth.
*****
Janet surfaced from a pink haze with a deep sigh. Her hands were on her breasts massaging them. Her knees were still together but not clamped together. On the other hand, her sex was clamped down tightly on nothing. She whimpered and opened her eyes.
"Uh, are you okay?" Her brother asked with concern on his face.
Janet felt herself blush hotly and nodded. "I, I just lost it."
Max looked confused. "From me sucking your finger?"
"More from me mentally transferring the way you were working your tongue somewhere else."
Her brother's eyes grew wide as he realized what she was saying. "Uh, yeah. Been there and done that a little while ago. Only it was just your eyes," he whispered with an embarrassed look.
Janet shivered and allowed her knees to fall open. "You see that little bud at the top of my slit. The bright pink one. That's my clitoris. Part of eating pussy is to lightly suck on that as you run your tongue around and over it. That or flutter the tip of your tongue against it with various speeds."
"That's, uh, good to know," Max whispered.
Janet laughed. "There's more to it than that but...."
"Like what?" Her brother asked as he looked up at his sister's face.
Janet groaned softly. "I guess a little instructional tour wouldn't hurt," she whispered and then shivered. "At least now, I have the edge off, which will help me from going boom again."
When his sister had came earlier, he had moved back to squat on his heels. Now he came forward onto his knees and leaned even more forward to look at his sister's pussy. When she groaned deeply from his face being so close to her sex, he looked up at her face. "Uh, am I, uh, too close?"
Janet shivered and whispered, "Yeah but you'll need a good view as I explain things."
She took a deep breath and said, "With my hair gone, the mound and outer lips are sensitive to the touch, lick, or even a gentle nibble." Her fingers traced the areas she was describing.
"Uh, how about with hair," Max asked as his eyes followed her fingers.
Janet chuckled. "It's not as sensitive as I remember it but what to do, I don't have a clue. By the time Jenny and I got around to playing with each other, we were both shaved more or less slick."
When her brother nodded, she shivered and used a hand on each side of her outer lips to spread them apart. The bright pink at the bottom of her slit came into view and she was surprised at how much her inner lips had thinned and fanned out.
With an even bigger shiver than before, she whispered, "I'd suggest skipping the outer lips and using your hands like I am now to get to the sensitive stuff inside her slit. Licks from the opening to the clit are good. The bottom of the slit is very slick and sensitive at times."
"It, uh, looks as shiny as glass," Max whispered.
Janet giggled. "And just as slippery as wet glass."
Max reached out with a finger and Janet pushed her outer lips together. "This is show and tell only," she said quickly.
"Okay, I can go with that," Max replied and lowered his hand to the ground. He moved the other one up next to it and he was now on all fours with his head even closer to his sister's sex.
His eyes caught the motion of her sex slowly clenching up and relaxing. "Are you, uh, doing that on purpose?"
"Uh, doing what?" Janet asked.
"Making your sex open and close slowly."
"Uh, nope, sometimes it has a mind of its own. When your dick twitches, are you controlling it?"
Max looked up at his sister's face. "Uh, sometimes yes and sometimes no."
"That's the same with me down there," Janet whispered and clenched her sex up tightly as he brother looked back in that direction. She relaxed the muscles and clenched up again. "That's on purpose."
Max nodded and his sister said, "You should feel it when it tries to grab your tongue."
Max groaned softly and stuck out his tongue. Janet whimpered softly. "Put that thing away."
With a grin, Max wiggled it up and down and then sucked it back into his mouth. "What else does it try and grab?"
"That you'll have to find out on your own," Janet whispered as a chill ran up and down her spine. "But and I do mean butt, my asshole has a death grip on that butt plug and has had for a while now."
Max nodded. "I've, uh, seen that jewel jump and jerk several times."
Janet clenched her asshole up tightly and then relaxed it as much as it would relax. She felt the jewel move between her cheeks. "You mean like that?"
"Uh, yeah but that was sharper, more of a jerking motion."
Janet closed her knees and shivered hard. "I, uh, think you need to get back in your chair."
Max moved back and sat on his heels for a second. With a sigh, he slowly got to his feet. He gave his sister a smile and said, "Thanks for the tour."
Janet giggled and replied, "It was my pleasure in more ways than one." Max's dick was hard as ever and sticking straight up. His sister grinned and said, "I see my tour had no effect on you."
Max chuckled and shook his head. "Take it as a compliment to a job well done."
When her brother was once again seated in his chair, Janet spread her knees wide and used two fingers on her left hand to spread her lower lips. She used a finger on her right hand to probe and stir the opening to her vagina. "You can do what I'm doing now with a finger or your tongue or even both at the same time."
Janet shivered hard as her brother licked his lips. She moved both her hands to the arms of the chair and closed her knees. "And then there is the area between the vagina and the asshole and the asshole itself. Totally sensitive."
Max grinned and asked, "Is Jenny as sensitive there as you are?"
Janet laughed. "She has a boyfriend so why would you want to know that?"
"I was making comparisons. Do all girls like anal? Are all women's asshole sensitive? Inquiring minds and all that shit."
"Not to mention jerk-off material," Janet said with a grin.
"Like you won't masturbate with my dick in mind?"
"Probably. It's the only one I've seen live and it is pretty big and...." Janet stopped talking and giggled. "I started to say cute but that's not right in so many ways."
"Uh, yeah," Max said as he shook his head.
Janet's eyes were on his dick and the clear shiny drop on the very tip. She licked her lips and asked, "That drop of stuff on the end of your dick, what is that?"
"Pre-cum. Kind of like what makes you wet," he replied.
"Does it have a flavor?"
"Yeah, just like you have a flavor," he said as his eyes went to the finger she's had in her pussy earlier. "I'll trade you a taste for a taste."
When Janet groaned and shook her head, Max grinned. "From my finger and from that finger you had inside earlier."
Janet made a soft whimpering sound as she eyed the clear drop on the end of his dick. "Okay," she whispered a few seconds later.
When Max wiped the drop up with his finger, Janet moaned and spread her knees wide. She used the same finger from before to stir her opening again only she went deeper. Her hand was trembling as she raised it and pointed her finger at her brother's face.
Max shivered as he held out his finger close to his sisters and leaned forward to suck on her finger. His mouth closed over her finger about the same time as her mouth closed over his finger. Both of them moaned softly.
Her finger had much more in the way of flavor this time, Max thought as he used his tongue to lick everywhere. His sister moaned deeply and jerked her finger out of his mouth. He leaned back and grinned as he saw his finger still in his sister's mouth.
Janet had her eyes closed and marveled at the salty, spicy flavor on her brother's fingertip. She moaned softly and pulled her head back. His finger came out of her mouth with a slurping sound. She smacked her lips and then licked her bottom lip with the tip of her tongue.
"You seemed to like that," Max whispered.
"Like you didn't like the taste of mine." Janet shot back.
Max chuckled and pushed his dick away from his belly. There was another drop of clear pre-cum on the tip of his dick. "I'll trade you licks right from the sources, shall we say."
Janet groaned. "Tempting but...."
Max laughed and whispered, "I'll even lick your butt."
Janet groaned even louder. "That would so get us into very deep trouble."
"Uh, yeah. My dick deep in your mouth and my tongue deep in your pussy," Max whispered more to himself than his sister.
Janet shivered hard. "I was thinking more along the lines of your dick in my pussy or even in my ass."
Now it was Max's turn to groan. He had always fantasized about Jenny but now.... So many things had changed. He wondered if it was for the better or not. He now had a new star for his fantasies but.... He groaned again. He had read that butts were a lot tighter and hotter than pussy.
Janet watched her brother's face closely. There was a questioning look, followed by a confused look, and then there was a lustful look that made her shiver. "I, uh, think we need to call it a day."
Max sighed deeply and said, "You're probably right but...."
Janet sighed as deeply as he had. She knew how he felt. Things had changed and changed big time but she didn't really want to stop what they had between themselves at the present. "I guess we could just lay out in the sun for a while."
Max nodded. "I could use some work on my tan."
Janet looked at her forearms and upper thighs. She ran her hands over her breasts and said, "I'm going to need to put some oil on here pretty soon."
Max gave her an exaggerated leering grin and she laughed. "That was not an invitation."
Holding his hands up, Max wiggled his fingers. "Ya can't blame a guy for trying, now can ya?"
Janet shivered. "I'll let you watch as I put it on. I might even let you do my back, if you promise to behave."
Max looked serious for a second before he said, "Okay, I promise but you have to promise me something."
Janet looked at her brother questioningly.
"You have to promise that this won't be the last time we're naked around each other."
Janet chuckled. "Don't worry, I'll flash you as often as I can and when mom and dad are gone, the house will be clothing optional."
"I can live with that," Max said with a wink. "Just remember, two can do the flashing thing."
Her eyes wandered over her brother's hard dick. "Promises, promises," she whispered.
*****
The flashing was fun but they never had another chance to get naked together. Janet left for college and Max went to work.