Author's Note: It is recommended to read the previous chapters of this story if you have not done so already to better understand the storyline and characters...
This chapter sort of got 'out of hand' in that I never intended it to be so long; however, I did not want to break it up as it fits my own personal timeline/agenda to have the entire week be one chapter. For those not liking the length, I have separated each day with ***** so you can stop and come back at your own reading leisure
*
The alarm blaring next to the bed—a loud 'beep-buzzing' which filled the room—woke Jen up with a start. She pulled her pillow over her head, mentally berating Dan for having set it so loud. He usually set the volume much quieter so as not to wake her, the mere clicking of the alarm before going off enough to wake him. Even when she had not worked the night before he let her sleep in, so her body was used to late mornings.
Then her new reality crashed down upon her consciousness as she realized Dan was not here—she was alone, and the alarm volume was set by her last night when she went to bed.
She looked at the time as she turned off the annoying beep-buzzing, the green lettering reading 7:16 A.M. Her mind rebelled against getting up so early, but she knew she had to get some breakfast and coffee into her before her limo came to take her to the airport.
Her mind still foggy from sleep, the thought suddenly brought her more awake—her limo. She was a Divine Silk Attractions Spokesmodel; in other words, a stripper and a porn actress for hire. The first thought did not bother her, as she had been stripping for years and she honestly enjoyed it; it was the second part of her new role she was being forced into which cleared the sleep from her body.
Although she grudgingly accepted the fact she had not willingly made any porn movies, Mr. DeWight—her boss and her fiancé's childhood rival—had secretly recorded her dancing naked, being felt up by construction workers, and even her sucking off one of her co-workers—which he had also manipulated her into doing. The recordings were proof enough of her new reality, the evidence posted on the DSA website for all who paid to see. It did not matter if she had been aware of being recorded or not, the availability of the videos and her reactions within them was proof enough of her new world—that of an up-and-coming porn star.
Her slippery decent had begun when she had been drugged, seduced, conned, and ultimately coerced into signing a contract with Divine Silk Attractions—the company which had bought the club she danced in. It was a legal document, ultimately giving Mr. DeWight and the company he owned full rights to her body and how it would be used and marketed.
Then the happenings of the past weekend rushed into her memory. It was like a dream, a slideshow of events, as she recalled being visited by a cop she found out to be an FBI Agent, Patrick Geiger. He had convinced both her and Dan to become informants, infiltrating DSA and reporting to the FBI on anything they could find on Mr. DeWight.
Being civilians and having no FBI training, it had been questionable if she could 'act' the part of a newly-discovered porn actress; however, Jen really had no choice—it would happen whether she helped the FBI or not per her contract. As her and Dan had learned, it was not unusual for Mr. DeWight to bribe or even force women into performing sexual acts, so Jen's future was inevitable. Even so, Agent Geiger's superiors had questioned Jen's acceptance into the role and her ability to 'blend in' and work for the FBI without being compromised.
Jen knew the contract she had signed was legally binding, and the threat of repercussions for breaking the contract would cost more than ten years' of salary between her and Dan. Knowing what they did of Mr. DeWight, he could bankrupt them forever if she broke from the contract.
Her stupidity in allowing herself to sign the contract had shattered all her resolve, placing her in a severely depressed state where she decided to allow whatever happened to her to happen, giving in to her fate as a porn star. The offer by the FBI seemed to be the only way out—a light at the end of the tunnel if the FBI could put Mr. DeWight away forever in prison.
It was pure irony the one thing she was being forced to do would end up being the only way she could get out of it.
As such, committed to her Fate, she had agreed to have sex with Agent Geiger in front of Dan, her beloved fiancé, proving she would accept her role and not betray the confidence instilled upon her. If she 'blended in' as an agreeable porn actress, it gave her the freedom to spy out DSA and possibly find incriminating evidence against her boss and the company.
The biggest snag to the plan was Mr. DeWight knowing Dan. They had grown up together, their families even going on vacations together. But even though their families may have been close, the two boys had never gotten along from Dan's perspective. Mr. DeWight had made Dan's life miserable. After Dan had graduated from college and moved away, thinking he was truly free of Mr. DeWight's torment, it was a sick twist of fate to once again be faced with his childhood rival once—as his fiancée's boss!
Mr. DeWight had been thrilled at meeting up with Dan again—even offering him a job. He did not know Jen and Dan knew each other, let alone the fact they were engaged, and they decided to keep it from him in the hopes Mr. DeWight would not use her to get at Dan.
If both of them were to pull this off, Dan had to act completely complacent if confronted with Jen acting out her role as a porn actress and possibly having sex in front of him. The FBI knew this, and they knew of Dan's past relationship with Mr. DeWight, so they were skeptical of them being viable informants. As such, being fucked by Agent Geiger in front of Dan had been as much a test of his resolve as hers.
Jen was mortified to discover her body had enjoyed its use.
The only way to mentally cope with what had happened was for her to accept she enjoyed sex, but was in love with Dan. With him she made love, while her role as a porn actress would be nothing but fucking, a physical act. It was nothing as beautiful and caring as what occurred between her and Dan.
Finally awake, she got out of bed, although her mind continued to flash back to the day before where she and Dan had visited an abandoned warehouse the FBI set up as their temporary headquarters in the city, used towards putting Mr. DeWight in prison once and for all. The city and site had been chosen because DeWight had recently purchased two clubs in town—the first clubs he had bought in years—so they expected him to be around town more in order to get the clubs in order.
As her mind wandered, Jen sat down at her vanity and brushed her hair, mentally listing all the things Mr. DeWight was wanted for by the FBI—racketeering, embezzlement, organized crime, tax evasion, rape, sexual and physical abuse, slavery, and even murder.
They had visited the FBI safe house for her and Dan to meet the rest of the team assigned to the case, as well as brief them on the types of evidence the FBI was looking for. They also were provided with surveillance gear to facilitate acquiring any evidence of Mr. DeWight's crimes. Jen's equipment had been disguised as jewelry, containing highly technical recording and camera equipment. To Jen, it all seemed very 'James Bondish.'
Brushing her hair, she mentally shook her head in disbelief recalling how she had agreed to have a space-aged tattoo placed on her which could vibrate under her skin like a cell phone. It could be used to warn her of danger or provide a silent means of communication between her and the FBI agents without anybody knowing.
Jen had always wanted a tattoo, but spending money on one was frivolous when her and Dan were trying to save up for their wedding and her schooling, so when one of the FBI agents—Nick—had asked what design she wanted, she had already known.
Thinking of the tattoo she lifted her arm, twisting her torso in front of her mirror to see the black Chinese lettering down the back of her ribs spelling her stripper name, 'Diamond.' There was only slight reddening around the letters, and she tenderly touched it, surprised it was not painful. It had been serendipity to be asked to get the tattoo, although she had never dreamed technology could cause one to vibrate from a remote trigger.
Then her mind flashed back to what else happened at the FBI safe house. It was as if her mind was purposely keeping events in her subconscious, slowly easing her into what had happened.
"Oh God," she whispered, recalling the young FBI agent who had given her the tattoo, and how he had fondled her on the table, ultimately getting bold enough to fingered her, bringing her to orgasm in the room while Dan had stood right beside her completely unaware!
The flood of images continued as she recalled the events afterwards, of her sensual stripping routine in front of the agents and then letting the branch chief of the team fuck her.
Dancing for the agents had been her idea, and it seemed logical at the time. Nick—the computer geek and agent who had given her the tattoo and fingered her to orgasm—needed to test and calibrate the surveillance equipment jewelry she was wearing in a mock strip club environment. As she would be moving all over the stage and pole, it made sense the sound and video needed to be adjusted not only from her movements, but also the surrounding noise of a club.
As the slideshow of events filled her head, it was not the stripping—which she had done for years—bothering her. No, what her memory had released in a sudden flash of images was what had happened afterwards—of her sucking off the branch chief of the group, Agent Vogel, and then allowing him to fuck her in his office.
What the hell had she done? She was engaged for Christ's sake, and had acted like a slut letting a stranger fuck her.
At the time she had been thinking of being forced into her current porn actress role, so had let things happen in order to prove to the chief she would not betray her 'cover' and accept her new role. She knew she needed to accept her Fate, so conceding to being fucked by the FBI agent was more like a controlled situation—one where she knew she was physically safe—in order to prepare her for what may eventually happen as Mr. DeWight ordered her around.
Add to those reasons was the circumstances of her body already primed by the finger fucking she had received getting the tattoo, so having sex in a strange twisted cause of events had not been an issue.
But that was last night and she now was having day-after remorse.
What had she been thinking, she once again thought, letting the fat, overweight man have his way with her?
She was not shocked because a law enforcement officer had taken advantage of her—again, she had been stripping for years and knew what kind of pigs men were, whether they were normal customers or wore a badge. No, what frightened her was not somebody in as elevated a position as an FBI agent would be depraved enough to fuck an informant, but at her own body's response. As with her sex with Agent Geiger the prior evening, Jen gruesomely admitted she had enjoyed Vogel's use of her body. She had actually orgasmed repeatedly as he fucked her, her own body betraying her while the obese, sweaty man used her.
What the Hell had she been thinking? And what would Dan say?
Thinking of her fiancé, Jen looked around the room, taking note of the blatant absence of Dan and his things. The agents had removed everything of his out of the house in case Mr. DeWight came over, to hide her and Dan's relationship. As her address was known to everybody at the strip club and DSA, it was Dan who had to be relocated, remembering Agent Geiger telling her last night they had set up a place for him to live, with records proving he had stayed there for years—all in case Mr. DeWight investigated his background.
In the back of her mind she wondered if this separation would end up being permanent, Dan leaving her due to her predicament and not wanting anything to do with a woman who had signed a contract to fuck strangers for money. He was sympathetic now, but how could any man faced with the fact of his woman fucking other people for money want to be with her?
A loud buzzing caught her attention and she dug into the bundle of clothes she had worn last night and thrown in the corner, finding the strange cell phone Agent Geiger and Nick had given to her.
Answering, she almost burst into tears hearing Dan's voice.
"Heya Baby, I wanted to call and make sure you were up, and to tell you I love you. I'll bet anything you are sitting there thinking all sorts of morbid thoughts about what you're getting yourself into and me leaving you, so quit that shit right now," his voice said over the phone.
Jen burst into tears as she laughed at the same time, telling him that was exactly what she had been thinking.
She stared at her naked self in the mirror, her mind in turmoil at how her life had reached rock bottom, but Dan's voice was reassuring, a lifeline pulling her out of a depression she had been falling hopelessly into.
"See, this is what it means to be a couple, to be supportive, even at the worst of times. I know you may have to do some things that would cause most relationships to crumble, but I love you, and nothing will change that. If we can put that asshole away once and for all, we can put this behind us and get on with our lives. Just keep your mind on that, and know I will always love you," his voice said to her, easing her heart and dark thoughts.
They talked a bit more, mostly Dan reassuring her, until they reluctantly hung up. Dan had to go to work—a job he would be quitting to infiltrate Mr. DeWight's organization—and Jen needed to get ready for her trip.
As she set the phone down, the morning sun shining through the bedroom window caught her belly piercing, the bright sparkle drawing her attention to her flat stomach.
She looked at her naked body in the mirror, her 36D breasts jutting from her chest as if floating in space. Their firmness caused many to think she had implants, being perky even without wearing a bra; however, she was proud to correct them and let them know they were 100% natural. She attributed their resilience and toning of her body to dancing, which she did even on nights off, her own daily work-out keeping her entire body firm.
Her eyes moved down her slim waist, admiring her smooth skin, her gaze drawn down the slanted lines of her hips to her smooth crotch, having shaved last night in the shower.
Suddenly her eyes were drawn back to the navel ring, remembering what it really was—a high tech camera. Her heart skipped a beat realizing Nick or who knew what other agent, was seeing exactly what she was seeing in the mirror—her naked body, her hands moving over her ribs!
Although being a stripper had conditioned her to men seeing her naked, she was in her own home, having her own private thoughts, so the sudden awareness of being viewed felt like an invasion to her privacy. Turning around, she quickly went and put on a robe—the same one she had worn in front of Agent Geiger she realized—the material covering her 'belly cam' as it had been nicknamed.
Jen knew it was probably a disappointment for whoever was watching, but...
Suddenly she jerked, the sensation of three sharp vibrations coming from her tattoo like a weak electrical current. Laughing at some agents' frustration, she spoke to the empty room, "Live with it boys," knowing they could hear. She knew they could still see everything, having placed hidden cameras and recording bugs throughout the house, but it was a small victory for her to at least cover herself up from their prying eyes.
Again, it was all in case Mr. DeWight or somebody visited, in the hopes of them saying or doing something incriminating. Shuddering again at the thought of some of the heinous acts her boss was wanted for, she tied the sash more tightly over her waist.
Looking back in the mirror, Jen once again admired her body, outlined by the short white robe. The silken material barely extended past her ass and crotch, the thin cloth wrapped tightly across her erect nipples, hard and rigid from the morning air, as she looked at her smooth toned and tanned legs.
Seeing the time, she turned and grabbed her overnight bag before remembering the voicemail message Mr. DeWight had made last night going over her flight arrangements, as well as telling her the driver would be bringing her something to wear for the trip. As such, she did not need to pack. Mr. DeWight had told her anything and everything she would need would be provided on her trip.
That being said, she was a woman and still needed make-up and such, so quickly put together a small carry-on bag containing her toothbrush and other essentials, as well as the additional surveillance equipment given to her last night.
Once finished, she went downstairs to make coffee and get something to eat. Jen did not know what type of outfit Mr. DeWight would be sending, so she did not put on any underwear, instead waiting to see what the clothes would be before choosing what she would wear under it. Besides, after stripping for so many years, she was comfortable being naked—especially around the house.
All she knew for certain was whatever Mr. DeWight sent would undoubtedly be revealing—her boss would not shy away from flaunting her body in public as some sort of sick advertisement, as well as his passive aggressiveness to prove his dominance over her.
Although comfortable with her body and not too worried about her wardrobe being pre-ordained, even if it were by some pervert, she would still be in public, not in the setting of the club. As such, she had some reservation on what to expect, but reasoned whatever Mr. DeWight sent still had to be legal for her to walk around in public at the airports.
Another part of felt a thrill to show off her body, as she enjoyed the attention. It was one of the reasons she stripped, so the fact she would be having to dress sexy was no different than if she were out working.
Sipping her coffee, her mind once again filled with thoughts of the past week, pouring through everything that happened, particularly the contract. Going over everything she had read in her mind, she once again came to the conclusion complying with the contract and working with the FBI would be the best way to get out of it.
Her mind lost in thought, she still noticed the quiet of the house, once again missing Dan even though he had only been gone for a day. Although he was an early bird riser, he often worked from home until she woke up so they could spend the morning in each other's company before leaving for work together, so being alone in the house was rare. In fact, she had not been this alone since Dan had gone to college.
Thinking back to that time in her life, she placed much of the blame on everything happening to her now and her own issues when she had been alone. It h ad been a bad time for her mentally, testing out drugs, depressed, having severe mood swings, even sleeping around on one night stands. As usual when she thought about that time, she thought about the time she had gone out with one of the short order cooks she worked with—Todd—who had set her up for a threesome with one of his friends without her knowledge.
Everything had spiraled out of control after that, until she had finally sought counseling and discovered from her therapist how most of her control issues—including her hyper-sexuality—were related to border-line bipolar disorder. She had taken medication to stabilize herself, but eventually had been weaned off them, ever since getting back with Dan.
Her becoming a cocktail waitress at the strip club and then finally an exotic dancer were somewhat related to her mental state; it had been a way of allowing her inner exhibitionist some freedom without spiraling out of control. Once Dan had returned back into her life she had been completely stable. Now, as if things were once again progressing in an uncontrollable direction, she wondered if she were backsliding, her depression at signing the contract to become a porn actress triggering her mental decline.
Lost in her thoughts, Jen was startled when the doorbell rang, breaking her morose thoughts. Looking at the clock she saw it was 7:45 A.M., the driver apparently arriving early. It was just as well, she thought, as she needed to get ready before being taken to the airport.
Jen felt odd knowing she was going to be driven around in a limousine, not having ridden in one since her and Dan had gone to prom in high school.
Getting up from the table, she readjusted her robe and went to answer the door.
Opening the door, the first thing Jen noticed was the large white stretch limousine sitting in her driveway. Then she turned her head to the person on the porch, her eyes opening wide in surprise.
"What the fuck are you doing here," she spat.
Standing to the side of the door holding a garment bag was none other than Tim Baker, previously one of the bartenders at the Satin Kitty, and now manager at the Wet Cherry. The club had formerly been known as the Slithering Lizard and was the other strip club Mr. DeWight had purchased. In Jen's mind the latter name summed up her feelings for Tim, as he was the co-worker Mr. DeWight had forced her to have oral sex with.
"Why Diamond, is that any way to treat a co-worker and supporter of your talents," the man laughed as he walked past her into her house.
Jen stood in the doorway staring at the man in surprise. Her mind flashed back to the last time she had been near him, crouched down before him, naked and sucking him off at Mr. DeWight's direction. Unwanted, the recollection of his long cock sliding into the back of her throat came to her mind and she inadvertently glanced down to his crotch, the prominent bulge in his pants causing her to wonder if it was curled up in his pants like a snake ready to strike.
To her shame, she felt her mouth watering, remembering the depraved way she had sucked him, her pulse speeding up. Attempting to hide her thoughts, she once again asked, "What are you doing here?"
She was suddenly startled when a car drove by and beeped its horn, the driver obviously appreciating her figure in the short satin robe outlined in the doorway, reminding her to close the door.
"Well, Mr. DeWight asked me to go to L.A. for a managers summit, and being the tight-assed person he is decided it would be easier to kill two birds with one stone and not have to pay for a driver for you, since I had to go to the airport as well. Hell, I'm surprised he splurged for the limo honestly," the man said as he looked at Jen intently.
She could not help but feel violated as Tim's eyes moved over her figure, his gaze first focusing on her breasts and nipples—outlined through the thin silk fabric—before moving lower. She reddened as he smiled at her attire, the material barely covering her hips and crotch and leaving no doubt she was naked beneath.
Jen's disgust at his open leer was at odds with the unexpected feeling of arousal as her pulse quickened and her breasts tightened.
She hated this man! He had done nothing but degrade her, conspiring with Mr. DeWight and forcing her to suck him off—and her body was heating up? What the hell was wrong with her, she once again thought as she purposely walked past the egotistical man, muttering "Goddamnit!" under her breath.
Tim chuckled behind her as she went to get her coffee in the kitchen, the sound of his footsteps behind her.
"Coffee smells good, mind if I have a cup?" the man asked behind her.
Shrugging, Jen went to get a cup out of the cupboard.
As she reached for one of their all-purpose cups she felt Tim's presence behind her like an oppressive cloud of smog as she attempted to ignore the man's presence.
Her problem with Tim was his smugness and egotistical attitude, thinking he was God's gift to women, whom he treated like dirt. Her mind flashed back to him blatantly ogling at her when practicing at the club—unusual as the male workers purposely ignored the girls so they would feel more comfortable. She also recalled him barging into the dressing room when all the other men knocked. She was not the only one, as his presence made all the girls uncomfortable, his blatantly looks at them making them feel like he was deciding what to eat at a buffet.
Trying to ignore him she grabbed a cup, almost startled when his voice came from behind her, "Do you mind if I used one of those 'To Go' cups on top? We're leaving soon, so it would fit in the cup holders," he said.
Jen put the cup back and reached up to the top shelf to get one of the steel-lined cups in question when she heard Tim move behind her.
"Mmm, you have the most perfect ass," the man said as his cold hands grasped her ass cheeks.
Jen jerked away in surprise, realizing her reaching up to the cups had caused her robe to ride up and reveal her bare ass cheeks in front of him! Even though the man had seen her naked at the club hundreds of times, here in her own home, in her own kitchen, it felt like an invasion of privacy.
The fact Tim seemed to be enjoying her uneasiness made her even more uncomfortable, practically throwing the steel cup she had grabbed at the man and telling him, "Pour it yourself," pointing to the coffee pot.
Tim laughed, filling the cup as he turned around. "Can I have some of your cream?" he asked with a big smile, his eyes glued to her chest.
Jen became pissed. Not only was she pissed at Tim and his blatant teasing of her, but also pissed at her body as her nipples uncontrollably hardened in response to the man's attention to her. She could not believe how much the brief touch of his hands on her bare ass sped up her pulse.
Why the fuck was she getting turned on by this pervert's attention, she wondered, crossing her arms to Tim's exaggerated disappointment.
She watched as he got the milk out of the fridge, pouring a liberal amount into the cup before putting it back and taking a sip of his coffee.
Turning her attention to the garment bag he had draped over a chair she pointed to it, "I assume that is the outfit Mr. DeWight wants me to wear?" she said obviously as Tim nodded.
Ignoring her obvious attempt at changing the subject, he replied, "Yup, he told me you are to wear only what is in the bag—it has shoes and everything. Any clothes for the week will be provided to you by DSA. Hell, they are probably already in your hotel suite. So you can pack light, only needing your toothbrush and other shit," he told her, his eyes still roving across her body.
"Seems excessive, don't you think?" she asked, trying to force herself to be comfortable in the man's presence. "I mean buying a complete wardrobe for me?"
She found it next to impossible to act nonchalant around a man she had ultimately degraded herself in front of, actually taking his cock into her mouth and sucking him off while their boss watched and cheered them on.
"Not really," Tim replied as his gaze once again glued to her breasts. "It's good business. For the clothing companies its cheap advertising—having a DSA Spokesmodel seen wearing their fashions, so they donate the clothes for free" he explained to her. "And it's not only clothing advertisement, but advertisement of you," he grinned. "You will get a completely new wardrobe to wear wherever you go, at no cost to DSA," he said to her matter-of-factly. "Mr. DeWight knows how to manipulate the system to his advantage," he said with pride.
Jen realized it made sense as she unzipped the garment bag to see what was inside. At first she could not figure out what the small bundle of white cloth was or how the outfit would even look. To her it was amorphous white swatches; however, as she laid it out on the table she realized it was a small skirt with an attached loose bodice.
The top consisted of an inverted triangular piece of cloth tied around the neck and back, the front having a cowl neckline and extending down to the waistline where a small rhinestone studded circle attached to the skirt. The top would cover her front, although the deep cowl of the neckline would show off considerably cleavage, but the rest of the outfit was backless.
The bottom of the dress was comprised of a small stretch mini-skirt, and Jen wondered how much of her ass would be exposed until she thankfully noted the sides had ties to raise and lower the hemline. Although it could only be loosened slightly, every inch counted she thought, not wanting to keep worrying about adjusting the skirt to stop her ass from hanging out.
Also within the garment bag was a pair of high-heeled sandals, which she grudgingly admired. The shoes were white leather—matching the dress—with a caged sandal front, held to the sides by silver studs. The heel was a thin 5-and-a-half-inched spike, which would be risky if she were dancing, but for walking would be fine. She read the 'JustFabulous' brand on the sole and nodded her approval at the shoes. They would accentuate her legs and lift her ass wonderfully, she thought.
Grabbing the shoes and outfit—those being the only things in the garment bag—she told Tim she would change and to make himself comfortable.
Going upstairs, Jen put the dress on the bed with the shoes and sat down at her vanity. Now that she knew what color outfit she would be wearing, she could finish her make-up. Being on a plane and it too late to do her hair, she decided to pull it back into a tight ponytail high on her head, her long auburn hair falling behind her.
Then she shrugged off her robe, not wanting to get any make-up on it. Being at the club for so long she was used to getting ready in the nude, brushing a light foundation on her cheeks, followed by a light blush. Next she put on a dark long-lasting mascara, giving her eyes almost an Asian appearance as she etched dark highlights at an angle to the sides of her eyes, following it with some light turquoise eyeliner for her lids.
She was brushing the eyeliner on her closed lids when Tim's voice came from behind her, startling her.
"I always find it amazing how a beautiful woman can make herself almost exotic with merely a small amount of make-up," he said.
Her eyes opened in surprise as she spun around, seeing the man standing nonchalantly in the doorway of her bedroom with his cup of coffee.
"What the fuck?" she exclaimed, "Get the hell out of here, I'm dressing," she yelled at the man.
Tim merely smiled. "I've watched you get dressed before," he reminded her. "Or did you forget me already?" he asked with a grin. Before she could continue he said, "Granted I've been at the Wet Cherry for a few days, but I would have thought you'd have remembered me," he said snidely. "Or have you sucked so many cocks mine lodging into your throat was just something you do too often to be memorable?" he chuckled.
Jen felt her face turn red, from both anger and embarrassment as she once again told him, "Get the hell out of here," although less loudly than before.
Tim merely shook his head. "Although I would stand here normally on my own, I've had strict orders from Mr. DeWight to keep an eye on you and make sure you put on exactly what he sent you," Tim said, his eyes looking at her naked reflection in the mirror.
Jen's gaze followed his in the mirror, seeing her breasts almost proudly displayed before him with their hardened nipples, her robe bunched around her waist. She was about to stand up and put the robe back on when she realized it would only prove to Tim he was making her nervous, so decided instead to ignore him.
"Whatever," she retorted. "You want to learn some tricks on putting on your make-up, fine with me," she said, brushing off the excess eye liner from her eyes.
Picking up a tube of lipstick—M.A.C. Viva Glam Nicki—she smeared the thick, bright pink cream over her lips, trying to ignore Tim the entire time.
Unfortunately Tim cared less about what she wanted, moving into the bedroom like he owned the place and sitting down on the bed as he made snide comments.
"Oh yeah, I love the way your mouth opens like that, brings back fond memories of the other day," he told her. "And I love the tat," he said as she realized nobody had seen it yet. "Damn, good thing you didn't have that the other day or I wouldn't have been able to last as long as I had—it adds a degree of sluttiness to you I wouldn't have thought possible," he chuckled.
Jen continued her attempts to ignore the man as she got up, absently letting the robe fall to the ground. Hearing Tim's chuckle when she realized she was now naked in front of him reaffirmed her suspicion he not only enjoyed the view, but seemed to thrive on making her nervous. She again concluded to simply ignore him like she had in the dressing room at work as she went to her dresser, not responding to his crude comments.
Looking back at the dress she decided on wearing a plain white thong with it, grabbing it out of the drawer.
Immediately Tim's voice brought her eyes to him, "Sorry, you can't wear that," he told her grinning evilly, "Mr. DeWight explicitly stated you were to wear only what he sent," he told her.
"He meant outfit," she replied back angrily, "not underwear," she stated, the thin triangle of material hanging from her fingers.
Tim reached into his pocket and pulled out his cell phone. "We can call him if you wish to pursue the matter," he told her.
Jen gave up at that point. Even if Mr. DeWight had not meant for her to go without underwear, the minute the idea was brought up over the phone she knew what his answer would be. This was one of those times you had to pick your battles, inwardly hoping the material was not too sheer.
"Fine," she said to him, throwing the thong back into the dresser as Tim chuckled over his victory.
Grabbing the dress, trying unsuccessfully to ignore Tim who was making small noises on the bed—his comments of "Mmm, yeah," and "Fuck you are stacked!" coming to her ears—she looked at the dress to figure out how to put it on.
Movement caught her eye and without thinking Jen turned, seeing Tim blatantly rubbing his crotch as she stepped into the skirt. For some morbid reason she could not take her eyes off him as she bent down, pulling the soft stretchy material up her legs, continuing to stare at his hand slowly sliding over his crotch.
His voice brought her back to her surroundings as she heard him say, "You can stay bent over like that some more, you have fantastic tits," he said derogatorily. "Oh, and the view of your ass and snatch from the mirror is worth it too," he said.
Jen immediately turned her head and stood up, realizing she had been bent over by the mirror, giving Tim an unobstructed view from behind as she bent over.
Her body blushing in shame, she quickly pulled the skirt the rest of the way up, quickly grabbing the top portion as she attempted to tie it around her neck to cover herself. Although she was able to tie the neck strap around her, the middle portion going around her back was impossible.
At any other time, Jen would have simply taken off the dress, tied the back, and slithered into it, but with Tim in the room, she was not going to give him any more views of her body she could help.
Finally mustering up enough courage, she turned her back to him, asking if he could tie her up.
Tim grin, saying, "I'll tie you up any time you want," as he stepped up behind her. Jen was acutely aware of his presence behind her, stifling in a gasp as his hands slid up her bare hip and waist before taking the two strands of cloth and tying them tightly around her.
Jen turned to the mirror, distracted by actually being impressed with the dress—until she noted it should have come with a liner in the front as the outlines of her aureoles were visible if you looked closely, which she ashamedly realized would happen from any guy looking at her. Adding to the view she realized Tim had tied the back snuggly around her, pulling the material tightly across her breasts, the silhouettes of her nipples plainly visible. She knew they would draw anybody's eyes to focus on her breasts.
Seeing Tim's appreciative stare at her reflection in the mirror as he stood behind her, she knew it would be pointless to ask him to loosen the straps, hoping as she moved it would eventually loosen up on its own and not hug her breasts as tightly as it did right now.
The skirt was also problematic, as although it had adjustable sides to provide some length, it still had to be pulled low past her hips to cover her front and ass completely. As such, the dress rode lower than she would have liked—an ultra-low-rise style she realized—leaving her hips bare and showing off the natural 'V' shape of the angle of her pelvis towards her crotch.
In addition, with the skirt pulled so low, it stretched the bodice even tighter across her chest, the two being attached in the front by the rhinestone circlet.
"Admirable," Tim said behind her, still looking at her reflection in the mirror. "I must say white is definitely your color," he grinned as his eyes focused on her breasts once again.
Jen knew there was little she could do about her attire. The dress was actually comfortable, and even something she may have considered wearing out with Dan; although she would have worn a shawl over her shoulders to cover her breasts, or even Band-Aids or pasties.
She knew asking to wear something like a shawl over her shoulders would be denied; Tim and probably Mr. DeWight wanting her breasts visible to everybody as advertisement, she thought dryly.
Sitting down and putting on the shoes, she stood back up and looked at herself in the mirror.
As expected the tall heels caused her calves and thighs to tighten, her ass lifted by the angle of her feet. Surprisingly the shoes were comfortable, even being new, and she walked around to get used to the feel of them, liking the height they gave her as well as their feel.
Grabbing her night bag, Tim stopped her, telling her she was supposed to only wear what Mr. DeWight sent her.
"I am not going to let somebody else pick my deodorant, toothpaste, or tell me what tampon to use," she said, opening the small carry-on in front of him and showing the contents and her toiletries.
Tim shrugged, slightly embarrassed she noted, and waved for her to leave the room first as he followed behind her, knowing he was undoubtedly enjoying the view of her bare back and legs, as well as her ass within the tight skirt.
********************
The trip to the airport was uneventful other than Jen complaining about how cold the limo was. At first she believed Tim's explanations on how he was unfamiliar with the climate controls in the limousine, and trying to fix the temperature, until she caught him staring at her through the rearview mirror. Looking down, she saw the cold had caused her nipples to become rock hard, the tight top making them blatantly visible through the thin material, realizing Tim was purposely turning down the temperature.
Fed up with him and his childish games, she closed the partition behind the driver's seat, thankful for the peace and quiet once he stopped bitching over the intercom about not being able to enjoy the scenery.
After that small altercation the ride was uneventful, and Jen enjoyed the time to herself; at least until her thoughts returned to the past week and her humiliating plunge into depravity. She had no misgivings what she may have to do this week, the ride and trip making her feel like an animal being led to the slaughterhouse.
Jen had been true to Dan for almost six years since they had gotten back together after he graduated from college, yet in the last week she had let three different men fuck her, given oral sex to three, had at least four men finger her to orgasm, and stripped completely nude in front of who knew how many men. After all that happened, the last seemed pale in comparison, although at the time she had thought it the worst thing she could have done.
Much of her flustered thoughts were due to the dichotomy caused by her mind being repulsed at what she had done and may end up doing, and her body's response. She would never have thought she would have sex with anybody except Dan, her being faithful something she wholeheartedly believed in with both mind and body all these years. Yet the circumstances of her contract and Mr. DeWight's involvement, along with everything transpiring the past week, was a complete betrayal to her and Dan. At the time, her reasoning had accepted having sex with Agent Geiger, and even Agent Vogel. Her mind had been resigned to allowing it to happen due to her circumstances, but now, after the fact, she was remorseful.
The physical act she could have convinced herself to be excusable—what woman had not faked an orgasm sometime in her life? Unfortunately it was not the case here—what bothered her was how her body had responded, enjoying the sex, the feel of a strange man taking her overcoming her inhibitions, her body eagerly accepting, and in fact craving for more.
It was the response from her body she feared the most. She could reconcile WHY she had sex with these other men, or even WHY she would probably have sex with others due to her contract and being 'undercover' for the FBI. These circumstances were uncontrollable, forced into the situations by her contract. It was upsetting to be forced to do something against her will and have it be legal, but not as upsetting as how she had given into the sensations, responding eagerly.
She had told the FBI agents their concerns about her shirking her duty was not an issue, and had had given them proof by fucking two of them—there would be no problem convincing anybody else she was accepting her role as a porn actress, but it was not acting, as her own body would betray her!
The repetitive stopping and starting of the limo let her know they had reached the airport, also breaking her reverie as she looked out from the heavily tinted windows. Tim's voice came over an intercom telling her he was dropping her off at the Departures entrance as he had to park the car, and Jen was again reminded he would also be flying to Los Angeles with her.
She hoped he would not be sitting near her, but the way her luck was running she was not going to hold her breath, especially if the tickets had been purchased at the same time.
Jen was startled when the limo door suddenly opened as the limo stopped yet again, a nice elderly black man in uniform helping her out of the car. She could not help but notice his wide eyes as he got a look at her, understanding she was dressed more for a night out at a club than a plane trip. She was also pretty certain he got a good view of her hard nipples sticking out through the fabric from the chilled car.
Looking around, she noticed several other people also looking at her. For a moment she thought it was simply natural curiosity to see who may be getting out of a limo at the airport, and that may have been the case at first; however, she noticed most of the women turn away after a brief glance while the men blatantly looked at her. Their attention made her uneasy, knowing her outfit revealed half her body to the world.
Once again Jen's body betrayed her, a thrill running through her at the attention she was receiving, her breasts tightening and a warm pleasant feeling deep within her stomach.
Glancing at the time she saw it was 8:45 A.M.—there being plenty of time to go through Security and get to the gate as she entered the airport.
Jen was a little apprehensive, not having flown for quite some time, and long before 9/11. In fact she had only been a little girl, but Tim had instructed her to follow the signs before driving off in the limo, so she was soon standing in line for the security check. Once again she became conscious of the stares from other men—some hesitant, others flagrant. She tried to occupy her mind by reading the fine print on her ticket, but instead noted how her nipples were conspicuously protruding through the material of her outfit, feeling a heated blush rush across her skin.
Obviously she was embarrassed dressed so scantily in public and outside of the environment of the club; however, there was another feeling causing her skin to heat up, as she felt the betraying thrill of excitement in response to being dressed so scantily in public. It was the same sensation she felt when dancing at the club. In fact, it was one of the reasons Jen became a stripper, as a part of her was an admitted exhibitionist.
As the line slowly moved forward she noticed an older teen openly looking at her. The line zigzagged back and forth and Jen kept passing him, feeling nervous at his intense gaze. The third time he came along side of her he had apparently gathered enough nerve to talk to her, asking if she were a model or actress.
Flattered, Jen smiled telling him no, she was probably nobody he had seen before.
"I swear I've seen your face before," he told her as she smiled and shook her head at his error.
The line took them apart again as the teen began typing on his phone. As they were coming around for a fourth time she saw the teen raising his phone towards her, obviously taking a picture of her. Flattered, Jen smiled at him, actually complimented at him wanting a picture to show off to his friends. She could imagine the caption, 'hot babe I saw at the airport' as they got closer.
Standing side-by-side once again, she heard a beep off of the teen's phone, his head bowed as he read his text message. Suddenly his eyes opened wide and his face turned red as he stared at her.
Once again Jen felt flattered, the boy probably catching sight of her prominent nipples in his picture as they continuously attempted to poke out of her dress.
Then her mind went into shock as he said, "You're Diamond, the new DSA girl!"
Immediately Jen's face went from red in embarrassment to white in shock as she looked around, seeing several men turn towards her, now with even more interest and scrutiny.
At first she tried to deny it telling him, "I'm sure you're mistaking me for somebody else," she said, but the boy continued.
"No, it's definitely you, look!" he said, holding up his phone. Jen felt as if she were two inches tall as she saw a close-up of her face looking out from the screen, her mouth around what she knew to be Tim's cock.
Jen saw the man behind the teen also looking at the camera, then at her, his mouth breaking into a big smile as he too realized who she was.
Her embarrassment and weak denial was interrupted as the teen said, "Can I have your autograph, or better yet, can I get a picture with you?" he asked.
Jen was still in shock, not knowing what to do as she numbly nodded, watching as the boy ducked under the rope in line, handing his phone to the guy behind him as his arm went around her bare waist.
"Wait until the guys see this!" he said as the sound of the phone camera clicked. "Take a couple more," he told the guy as he leaned into her, his head against her breasts.
Jen could only stand there in shock at the teen recognizing her. She saw several more guys taking pictures of her with their phones while the teen moved back into his place in line.
Jen was dumfounded when the line moved steadily forward and she was handed several pieces of paper, even other plane tickets, as people asked her to autograph them. The first one she got she almost signed 'Jennifer Simmons' until she caught herself, at the last minute changing the 'J' to a large 'D' and signing 'Diamond.'
Her embarrassment at being recognized for being in a porn video soon faded as she became amazed at the compliments she received—even by women—telling her how beautiful she was and how much they loved her acting.
'Acting,' she thought to herself, as if sucking another man's cock or dancing in a club was acting.
And yet people asked for her autograph, others asking to take pictures with her. Jen could not believe how many people knew of her, several undoubtedly having seen her videos on the DSA website based on their comments. Others, recognizing what being a DSA Spokesmodel meant and regardless of their stand on pornography, nonetheless wanted pictures or autographs with a 'celebrity.'
Jen's emotions switched from embarrassment to flattery, her 'stripper persona' coming out as she began flirting with some of the men, as well as a few women. It was an altogether new experience for her to be popular outside the club as she wondered if this would be an isolated incident.
Soon she reached the x-ray system, putting her carry-on bag on the conveyer belt. When she bent down to take off her heels she heard several whistles from behind her and grinned, actually enjoying the attention.
With a slight blush, she entered the scanner.
Immediately the buzzing of the scanner went off and Jen looked at the man in the blue shirt with a badge in front of her as he told her to back up and enter again.
Once again the buzzer went off, Jen noticing a red light flashing over the machine as the male TSA agent motioned her over to him by the conveyor belt where her carry-on baggage sat.
"Are you holding any guns, knives, phones, or other metal objects?" he asked her.
Jen looked down and raised her hands slightly, sticking her breasts out in frustration, "Do I LOOK like I can hide anything on me?" she asked, to the snickers of a few people behind her.
She heard somebody in line behind her call out, "Maybe she's smuggling a vibrator on board," followed by several laughs as she blushed.
The TSA agent looked at her up and down before motioning her to move towards the end of the conveyor belt. Gathering her carry-on and shoes he told her, "Please follow me ma'am."
Barefooted, Jen followed the man to and area off to the side of the security checking area where she was guided into a small drape-enclosed cube.
"A female agent will be with you shortly," the TSA agent told her.
"Have I done something wrong?" she asked.
The man looked back at her, his roving eyes causing Jen's body to flush in response as he replied, "No ma'am, standard procedure for a pat-down when the alarm goes off," he told her. "A female agent will be with you shortly," he told her once again, leaving her alone in the small cloth-enclosed area.
Jen stood in the small area feeling silly. There were no chairs or tables, simply four 'walls' composed of drapes, the sounds of the airport coming easily to her ears. She assumed there were other draped rooms around her, as she could discern faint shadows of others next to her.
She pulled out her phone, seeing it was 9:25 A.M. as she began to get anxious. Her flight left at ten o'clock, and boarding began in five minutes. In her nervousness she began to pace, worried about missing the flight.
As the minutes ticked by she became more and more concerned. Finally after ten minutes had passed she pulled apart the draped door, motioning to the same male TSA agent who had escorted her here.
"Excuse me," she said, getting his attention. "Did somebody forget about me? I need to catch my flight," she told him.
The man apologized, stating they were shorthanded and a female agent would be coming by soon. Pulling out his radio, he made a call and she heard a deep voice reply loudly over the speaker, "Roger two-five-one, ETA female agent fifteen minutes."
"Fifteen minutes!" Jen exclaimed, "My flight leaves at ten, can't you do this?" she asked impatiently.
The male agent's eyes dropped down to her body as he answered, "I'm sorry ma'am," he told her. "Policy dictates a female agent is required to pat down female passengers," he told her. "Unless of course you wish to fill out a waiver," he added seeing Jen's frustration.
Jen said she would sign anything if it would get her through security, so the man reached into his pocket and pulled out a printed index card and a pen. In her rush, she did not even bother reading the paper—a brief flashback of déjà vu hitting her signing her contract the week before, and what it had cost her—but she was in a hurry and quickly signed it, handing the card back to the agent.
Expecting the agent to immediately follow her into the room, she walked back towards it; however, the agent still stood outside.
Seeing him pause, she asked if something was wrong.
"No ma'am, I still cannot enter the room alone with a woman without another agent present," he told her smiling as he now openly looked at her body.
Jen sighed in exasperation, about to tell him he had entered earlier with her when she saw a tall muscular black man also in a TSA uniform coming towards them. As the man got closer Jen stared up in awe, as he kept getting larger and larger—he must have been close to 7 feet tall she realized, as he greeted the other TSA agent.
"This is Marcus, my supervisor," the first agent told her. "He will be witnessing the pat down, assisting if necessary," he told her, holding open the drape for her to step back into the enclosed area.
Jen wondered what type of 'assistance' was needed to check for explosives and guns when she heard the black man ask, "You have the waiver?" in a deep baritone voice, recognizing the voice from the radio earlier. She glanced back and saw the smaller white man hand the index card to him.
The large black man stepped in front of her and smiled, causing her heart to flutter. He physically overwhelmed her, being well-built, tall and muscular, towering over her and making Jen feel like a child standing in front of him. Not only did his size intimidate her, but also the way he looked at her, causing her to catch her breath; the man regarded her like as if he was looking at a good steak dinner rather than another human being.
Jen felt her body flush as he smiled down at her, the bright whiteness of his teeth in sharp contrast to his dark skin. "First, Mike here is going to check your hair for any dangerous objects," he told her as the small white man moved behind her.
She felt her hair being patted as the smaller white man moved to her pony tail, then his grip wrapped around her skull as he felt her entire head. He paused briefly at her hairclip and Jen wondered if it was the reason the x-ray machine went off as he stepped aside.
Immediately the black man moved behind her, his presence towering over Jen as he said to her in his deep baritone, "I need to check as well, as Mike is still in training. If he misses something that ends up causing an incident, it's both our careers," the large man explained behind her.
Once again Jen felt hands going through her hair. The large man's touch was gentler than the other agent, his hands almost caressing her hair and head as he completed his search and moved back in front of her.
Noticing the time on the large man's watch as he moved away, Jen saw it was now nine-forty as she became even more anxious. "Can we please hurry up, my plane leaves at ten!" she said impatiently.
"Of course ma'am," the large black man smiled down at her. "We need a couple minutes to search your person for weapons and other illegal items, Mike?" he said to the small white man, who stepped up to Jen.
"Ma'am, please put your hands behind your head like this," he told her, demonstrating to her the position he wanted. "Good," he told her when she complied. "Now, please spread your legs slightly," he instructed her as he crouched down in front of her, asking her to spread her feet a bit wider as she complied.
Jen became worried the man would see she was not wearing any underwear, then gasped as she felt his cool hands wrap around her right ankle, his hand sliding up her calf to her knee, then reaching around and palming the back of her knee.
"Do you really need to feel anything than through my clothes?" she asked, trying to push away the sensual feelings of the stranger's hands on her skin, practically feeling her up.
It was the large dark man who replied. "Ma'am, you would be surprised how some people have hidden things beneath their skin, or even in their body. Drugs, explosives—we once had somebody slide a knife under the skin of their arm. People are perverted these days, and terrorists have given us plenty of reason to be thorough," he explained.
At this point Jen only wanted to get to her plane as she muttered an exasperated, "Fine," as the man continued his 'pat-down,' his hands moving up her lower thigh.
As Jen stood there with her fingers clasped behind her head, the smaller agent running his hands across her skin, she turned her focus in front of her, noticing the black man holding up a phone!
"Are you recording this?" she asked in surprise as he smiled back at her.
"Standard procedure ma'am," he told her. "It avoids a civil lawsuit if you claim we were overly aggressive with our search," he said. "The waiver only covers so much liability," he said in way of explanation.
The man kneeling before her then slid both his hands around the back of her thigh, his touch almost sensual as he wrapped them around her leg, slowly moving higher. Reaching the hem of her skirt, the man's hands kept rising, his palms sliding against her skin as his fingers wrapped around her, disappearing beneath her skirt!
Jen closed her eyes in embarrassment as the man's left hand moved up her hip beneath her skirt, the bare flesh of his hand was warm against her, his touch almost caressing her skin instead of clinically trying to feel any foreign objects beneath her skin. She knew immediately he would perceive her not wearing any panties when her eyes suddenly flew open in shock as his hand moved up her inner thigh, his thumb or finger briefly brushing against her bare, shaved crotch before quickly moving away and grasping her other leg, his hands now around her ankle.
Jen stared down at the man who did not even look up at her as he felt up her other leg. She wondered if his touch had been accidental, as it had happened so fast. And the man had not responded, so it must have been a mistake she thought, as the agent's hands moved up her tanned leg.
She took a shuddered inhale as the agent's soft touch once again slid past her knee, moving up her thigh and sliding beneath her skirt.
This time there was no doubt in Jen's mind his touch not an accident, as his finger slid across her bare slit. She sucked in another breath and almost said something, but then her attention was focused on the other agent, who was staring at her intently with the phone camera held in front of him. His intense gaze upon her made her once again feel like she was a buffet and he was deciding which piece of her to eat as her mind went blank.
She ignored the other agent, who had already stood up. It had been such a fleeting touch she realized, so decided to simply get through with the pat down and get on her plane, not wanting to delay any longer with a complaint. Let him have his cheap thrill at her expense, the worry of missing her plane making her more anxious.
That was before the smaller white man stepped back and the larger black agent handed him his phone.
Jen realized she had to stand through the ordeal yet again, the supervisor needing to make sure nothing was hidden between her legs!
Jen's heart was racing, a combination of panic from being late to the plane as well as arousal at being alone with two men feeling her up.
The thought of missing her plane again came to her mind as she resigned herself to not creating a fuss. Her primary goal was to her gate as quick as possible.
As such, Jen continued to stand with her hands behind her, her legs spread, as the muscular black man knelt in front of her, his hands gently moving up her leg.
Once again his touch was more sensual than the white man's. The way his fingers caressed her skin made it obvious he was not looking for anything but a quick feel.
"Dangerous items my ass," she thought, as his hands moved up her legs lecherously.
Jen's body, traitor it was, was responding to the men's touches, a warm sensation building within her stomach, moving to the cleft between her legs. The eroticism was not lost on her, in a room with two men feeling her up, dressed in a sexy outfit, and a recognized porn star.
Her mind began to wander to more lascivious thoughts as the sexual tension built up in the room.
Soon the large black agent's hands were also beneath her skirt. Jen was amazed at how large his hands were, one hand moving up and wrapping around not only her hip, but also palming her ass cheek! Looking down, her heart skipped seeing unlike the other man, the black man was looking up at her with a smile as he held her hip and ass, looking down at him stupidly.
She sucked in a breath when his other hand moved up the inside of her thigh and deliberately brushed against her slit. Unlike the other man Jen knew this was no accident, his gaze purposely locking on to hers as his finger slowly moved up and down her bare slit.
Jen's mind went blank. She could only stare straight ahead, not even looking at the agent holding the camera as her body responded to being felt up by the agent. To be felt up at the club by a stranger was one thing, but the large, clearly dominant black man was something altogether different. For one thing he was a government agent, responsible for the safety of thousands. In addition, Jen had not had much exposure to black men other than those who came to the club, and the seductive rawness of the dark agent's hands upon her lent an aura of illicitness her body could not deny, her breath catching as her pulse increased.
Then the man moved to her other leg, repeating the entire caressing fondling of her leg, ass, and ultimately her crotch. Jen's sex was now heated, only able to stare as the black man stroked her slit--now wet—his gliding across her silky labia, spreading her desire across her skin.
Jen was breathless, actually disappointed as he stood up and backed away, taking the phone from the white agent.
"So far so good," he smiled as she felt her body flush hotly, taking the camera from the smaller white agent.
The Caucasian agent walked behind her and Jen jerked in surprise as he gripped her ass cheeks with both hands. She felt like her hands were actually bound behind her head as she numbly stared forward, directly into the dark man's eyes as he filmed her 'pat down,' nobody saying a word while the other agent massaged her ass.
This time the agent was blatant in his groping, not hiding his touch as any semblance of a professional body search, and Jen knew he had been emboldened by the black man's touch of her crotch and her lack of objection.
Giving her ass cheeks a final squeeze, his hands slid around her hips to her stomach. Moving higher, Jen sucked in another gasp as his hands slid beneath her breasts, cupping and lifting them before moving to her arms, his hands sliding up to her wrists before he eventually stepped away, once again changing places with the black man.
As the large man moved behind her, Jen was not surprised his hands rested upon her ass. Once again the different between the two men entered her mind as instead of roughly groping like the other guy, the taller agent's hands were again gentle, slowly moving across her firm ass.
Jen felt her body heat up further as she felt a finger moved up and down the crack of her ass, gently tickling her.
He then repeated the other agent's path, sliding his hands around her waist and feeing first her pelvis, then her stomach, and finally moving beneath her breasts.
Once more Jen was amazed at how large the man's hands were—matching his large physique towering over her—as he cupped her breasts.
She felt him pause and Jen stood there, her arms raised behind her head, as a black man held up her breasts, her cleavage bulging out from the cowl neckline.
His voice startled her from behind, "Now Mike, one thing I noticed is you missed a very important part of the pat down," he said to the other man from over her shoulder, his hands not leaving her chest.
She felt ridiculous standing there with a large black man's arms around her, his hands holding her breasts, while another guy filmed the entire scene as she listened to the man speaking.
Suddenly Jen let out an involuntary moan as the man's hands literally engulfed her tits, encasing them in his dark palms as he began to massage them roughly.
She was barely aware of him continuing to talk as he said, "You see, a lot of woman try to hide things in their bra or down their cleavage," Marcus explained to the other agent.
Jen could only stand still, her mind in shock while her body became completely aroused at the man feeling her up.
"In fact," he said over her shoulder, "there was this one case down in Dallas where a woman actually had breast implants filled with coke," he said.
Jen let out another moan as the man's fingers abruptly clamped down on her nipples as her body once again betrayed her, her physical response fueled by the fondling of the most sensitive spot of her body. In her now heightened sexual state, she depravedly wondered if they planned on giving her a cavity search.
She actually felt a mournful yearning when the man let go of her, leaving her gasping as he stepped in front of her.
Jen was barely aware of her surroundings as the man smiled and said, "It's nine-fifty-five ma'am, you are free to go," he told her he and the smaller white man exited the curtained room.
In a panic, with only five minutes until her flight, Jen immediately banished the carnal thoughts surging through her and grabbing her shoes and bag, ran barefooted out of the draped cube getting her bearings to head in the direction of her plane's departure gate.
As she exited, she saw about a dozen female TSA agents standing around. She also saw several people being patted down—not in the enclosed areas where she had been, but in the open! She also noted how all the agents were wearing gloves, and as she looked back at the two men, saw them laughing as they waved back at her.
A flush of embarrassment came over Jen as she realized she was a victim of their perversions, but knowing her plane left in a few minutes, ran as fast as she could to her gate.
While she ran, she suspected the 'waiver' she had signed had been fake, the men detaining her to the point where she had let them do what they want in order to get to her plane.
Running down the terminal, Jen's breasts bounced and flopped all over due to her not wearing a bra beneath the tight dress; however, she did not care due to the time. As she came to her departing gate she finally slowed down, out of breath.
She saw a large group of business men watching her appreciatively, but ignored them, instead looking at the sign behind the gate agent. She suddenly felt relieved and embarrassed when she saw the sign behind the counter: 'Los Angeles Flight 7718 Delayed -- 30 minutes.'
Her flight was delayed.
As she mentally thanked God for small miracles, she wondered if the TSA agents had known the plane's new departure time. They had looked at her ticket and known her flight information, was it possible they knew she would not be late, keeping her secluded to increase her anxiety and thereby letting them touch her?
She mentally chastised herself for getting into such a predicament, being so gullible, as she looked around for a place to sit.
Jen saw Tim sitting near the gate podium and deciding she did not need his company in her current state, took a seat as far from him as possible.
Out of the corner of her eye she saw several people looking at her, some of the men not so subtly taking pictures with their cell phones, realizing they probably recognized her, possibly some of them having been in line with her at the security gate.
Although still flattered at her slight fame—even if it was from her being in a pornographic video—Jen wanted to be left alone. Her body was still stimulated from being physically abused by the TSA agents, and at this point all she wanted was to simply get on the plane, get to Los Angeles, and get through the day as quickly as possible.
Pulling out her iPod and putting in her ear buds, Jen opened up one of the magazines she had brought. While listening to the music and reading she kept one eye on the display board, attempting to ignore everybody around her intending let her body cool down.
A few minutes later Jen was startled as her phone began vibrating within her bag. Pulling it out, she saw she had received a text from an unknown caller. Immediately thinking of Dan, who was the only one besides the FBI who had this phone's number, she pulled up the message, seeing it was a picture attachment.
It took her a moment for her mind to process what her eyes saw, when she suddenly became mortified, realizing it was a picture of her chest in her white dress with two large black hands squeezing her breasts through her top!
Jen realized in horror the TSA agents must have gotten her phone number when they had gone through her things while her attention had been diverted from their perverted pat down. She sighed in anguish, vowing to never fly again if she could help it as she tried to settle her mind.
Her body was still aroused from the men's attention, and the text did nothing to alleviate the yearning she was feeling. Also not helping her cool down was observing several men out of the corner of her eye still watching at her, several more taking pictures with their cell phones while waiting for the plane. Being on display was enticing to her exhibitionist side, and added to her previous arousal, it was all she could do to remain outwardly calm, while inwardly her body was a raging hormonal factory.
Thankfully several minutes later an attendant announced the plane would be boarding soon, the maintenance delaying the plane completed early. Jen was further relieved when they announced the flight would still land on time—meaning it would be a short flight.
As the announcement for First Class boarding to begin came over the speakers, Jen realized she had not looked at her ticket to know what seat she was in. Pulling it out to check, she stared in surprise at the large letters across the top—'First Class'—her seat assigned as C1.
Getting up, surprised she had been given a first class ticket, Jen once again noticed the reaction her body and suggestive attire caused around her. Wanting nothing more to do with anybody's attention, she quickly got in line to board the plane; however, there were still several people who came up to her asking for an autograph or a picture as word of who she was spread around the gate.
Ashamedly she again felt a buzz through her body responding to the attention, grateful when she eventually entered the gate ramp to board the plane.
Entering the plane Jen was greeted by both a female and male flight attendant. Contrary to the stereotype of male flight attendants sexual tendencies, the man's eyes immediately focused on her breasts. Ignoring him and the involuntary warmth spreading between her legs, Jen smiled at the female attendant, startled to notice the woman was also staring at her breasts!
Jen's face flushed as the female attendant then looked at her directly in the eyes, smiling broadly as she welcomed Jen aboard even more enthusiastically than the first time.
Turning towards the rows of seats, Jen observed seat A1 was a window seat, deducing her seat was two rows further back. She was annoyed but not surprised to see Tim sitting in the seat next to hers. She had presumed their seats would be together, but she had kept a small hope Tim might have been sitting in the coach class. Thankfully it was only a two-hour flight and she planned on sleeping most of the time, so could put up with his shit for a bit longer.
Tim smiled up at her when she got to their row, his eyes widening when she leaned up to put her carry-on in the overhead bin, knowing he was getting a good view of her breasts through the white material.
Suddenly she gasped, looking down in surprise as his hand wrapped around the back of her thigh, his cool palm resting against the bottom of her bare ass beneath her skirt!
"Do you mind?" she said snottily.
Tim smiled, "Not at all," he said as he gave her ass cheek a firm squeeze.
Jen noticed a couple of the passengers watching them, Tim's hand easily outlined beneath the tight skirt as she quickly scooted into the seat, Tim's hand 'guiding' her as she moved over him.
"I supposed it was too much for you to move?" she asked angrily as she sank into her seat, his hand moving away as he merely smiled.
"What kept you so long getting to the gate?" he asked, "Stop for a quickie?" he asked her with amusement.
Jen looked out the window, purposely ignoring him as her mind flashed back to her groping session with the two TSA agents. She continued ignoring him as the plane boarded, only turning when the female flight attendant asked if they wanted anything to drink.
Jen's nerves were on end, both from her slight fear of flying after so long, as well as the TSA agents' exploitation of her body, as well as all the attention her 'fans' had given her—not to mention Tim sitting right next to her for two hours—so she knew she needed a drink. Asking if First Class still offered free drinks, she ignored Tim's scoff as she asked for a mimosa.
"That sounds great," Tim said to the flight attendant, "make that two Vodka Mimosas," he told her giving her a big smile.
Jen did not know what a Vodka Mimosa was, but being as vodka was her drink of choice—something Tim knew from bartending the Satin Kitty—she did not object, once again turning to look out the window and ignore the man next to her.
The interior of the plane was cold, the vents above her blowing directly upon her so Jen reached up to turn off the blower above her seat, suddenly realizing the breeze was coming from Tim's side, the vents being wide open.
"Mind if I turn off the air," she asked, not surprised when Tim told her he wanted the air on, giving her some excuse about him getting air sick if he did not have continuous air flow.
Not caring if he was telling the truth or merely wanted her to be uncomfortable—recalling the temperature he kept the limo at in order to see her nipples react—she began to get goose bumps on her arms and legs from the chill air. Looking down she was also embarrassed seeing her nipples looking like they would burrow out of the dress at any moment, so when the flight attendant returned with their drinks, she asked for not one, but two blankets, ignoring Tim's scoff at her thin blood.
Sipping her drink she was surprised, the drink had more of a kick than she expected due to the vodka, so it was similar to a screwdriver, but the fizzy kick and sweetness of the champagne gave it a nice flavor. She quickly finished it, the alcohol calming her nerves as well as giving her a warm feeling in her stomach, welcomed in the cold plane.
Seeing her empty champagne glass, the attendant quickly brought her a second. Jen almost refused, but knowing there was a company car waiting for her at the LAX airport and she did not have to drive, instead told the attendant to keep them coming, finishing her second by the time the attendant brought a third drink.
"I don't suppose I'm lucky enough to not have you as a driver when we get to L.A.?" she asked Tim sarcastically as she sipped her drink, the warm numbing sensation calming her nerves.
Tim smiled as he answered, "Unfortunately my meeting is not near corporate headquarters, so you'll have to do without my graceful company the rest of the week," he smiled at her. "I'm sure Mr. DeWight has made arrangements for a driver," he told her. "No matter what people may think of what you do or what type of person he is, nobody disagrees on how well Mr. DeWight treats the company's spokesmodels. They are pretty much considered royalty," he told her, "so you should expect to be pampered at the corporate office."
Jen wondered if his comment were really true, knowing some of the awful crimes Mr. DeWight was wanted for by the FBI, but kept her mouth shut.
She was inwardly thankful Tim was not driving her and would actually be parting company with her after the plane landed.
Thanking God for small miracles, the captain's voice came over the speakers, reviewing the safety procedures, time of the flight, and other stuff she was certain nobody except a first-time flyer like herself listened to.
Jen was feeling the effects of her drinks when she noticed a fourth round had appeared on the armrest, the flight attendant following her directions and keeping her filled. Although she did not need another drink at this point, she drank down this glass as well, finishing as the gate moved back and the plane began backing up from the gate.
The flight attendant came by to get their empty glasses, saying they could not have any while the plane was taking off, so Jen tucked herself beneath her two blankets, making herself comfortable as the speakers again went over the procedures in case of a crash.
She was feeling a warm numbness from the drinks, giving her a cozy feeling. Pulling out her iPod and cranking it up, she closed her eyes and quickly drifted off to sleep.
********************
Jen was in bed, cocooned beneath the quilts as she felt Dan stir beside her. She smiled sleepily as his hand moved across her thigh, sliding up her smooth flesh and caressing her hip, then the back of her leg, finally resting on her ass.
His hand moved again, crossing her waist and up her side, sliding beneath the chemise she always wore to bed. She sighed as his warm hand slid across her heated flesh and gently squeezed her breast, his fingers tweaking her nipple and causing her to groan in content.
As Dan's hand moved across her breast she felt his other hand slide once again along her thigh, the skin-on-skin contact awakening her desire as she moaned in response, turning slightly to give her lover more access to her body, her legs parting slightly.
Dan took her offering, massaging both her breast and inner thigh, gently stroking her flesh as her body warmed in desire.
When Dan's hand moved away from her breast she moaned pitifully, wanting more, her plaintive whimper becoming more urgent as she felt both his hands upon her thighs, pulling her legs apart which she eagerly accepted.
Soon her whimpers of need were fulfilled as she felt Dan enter her, gasping as his cock moved into the soft wet folds of her slit. Jen thrust her hips, meeting his penetration as he slowly moved in and out of her.
Jen felt his other hand on once again upon her breast as he began moving fast inside of her, her hips now rocking to meet his thrusts, gasping as he pinched her nipples.
Eagerly meeting his thrusts, her mind was suddenly overwhelmed by an orgasm as her clit was stroked, the warm rush flowing through her as she panted from Dan's cock continuing to move in and out of her.
Again she felt her clit stroked, the oncoming dull roar of her orgasm filling her ears like a jet as his cock moved in and out of her and her clit was simultaneously manipulated.
********************
Suddenly Jen opened her eyes, her body shaking from an orgasm.
Then her mind took in her surroundings. She was on a plane, Dan was not here.
And Tim's hand was between her legs, his fingers moving in and out of her pussy!
In shock Jen sat up. "What the fuck are you doing?" she said, loud enough to draw attention from a couple people sitting around her.
Jen immediately pushed Tim's hand away as he smiled at her, his arm slipping out from beneath the blankets covering her.
"Just giving you some relaxation, you definitely seem to need it," he chuckled, showing her his wet fingers as he slowly and deliberately began to lick them.
Jen could only stare in shock with her realization of him blatantly finger-fucking her in her sleep—on a plane no less! Waves of humiliation overwhelmed her as she recognized the signs of arousal in her body.
In horror and shame Jen hurriedly climbed over Tim, ignoring his hands on her bare thighs as she got up, adjusting her skirt and making a bee-line to the bathroom, thankful it was empty as she stepped inside.
Once within the small confined space, she checked to make sure the toilet was clean and not going to soil her dress before sitting down and taking some deep breaths in an attempt to clear her mind.
"That fucker," she said out loud, her nerves completely frazzled as her body continued to react from the sexual manipulation. Her revulsion was only mental, her body fully aroused and yearning for more. Her moist slit was uncomfortable between her legs, her pussy fully aroused from Tim's manipulation while her breasts were tight and aching.
Closing her eyes, Jen counted to twenty before getting up, slightly wobbly on her feet as her body continued to yearn.
Wetting a paper towel and holding it to her forehead to calm down, she slowly gathered her composure. Eventually she was able to breathe steadily, startled when she heard over the speakers the attendant's voice announcing the plane was thirty minutes from landing and they would be walking around collecting trash as they prepared to land.
Knowing she could keep awake for 30 more minutes and ignore Tim, she pulled the latch of the bathroom door, surprised when it immediately opened and Tim stepped inside, forcing her back against the sink counter.
"What the fuck?" she gasped as Tim merely smiled at her as he grabbed her hip and shoulder, spinning her around to face the mirror.
His body pressed against her back and ass, grinding her pelvis into the counter as she tried to pull away.
"Tim, what the fuck are you doing?" she exclaimed.
Tim did not say anything as his hands moved up and slid beneath the top of her dress, immediately kneading her breasts.
"Stop it!" she demanded, her mind at odds with the response her body was having, feeling the slow ache between her legs begin once again.
Although she had been sexually assaulted in her sleep, her body had been left aching and in need. Her mind was in turmoil as she comprehended Tim was forcing himself on her in the bathroom!
A part of her mind screamed rape, while a darker and deeper part of her psyche welcomed the sexual attention, her body yearning for the violation.
Her body won when her outburst turned into a moan as Tim's fingers clamped down on both her nipples, lust overwhelming her. In response, Jen involuntarily leaned back into Tim's chest as his hands continued massaging her soft flesh.
Jen felt Tim's pelvis dry humping her ass as he pressed her against the counter, once again moaning uncontrollably as he squeezed her nipples, her ass pushing back harder into his crotch.
Jen felt one of Tim's hands move from beneath her top and she looked at him in the mirror, seeing her bright pink lipstick contrasted against her tanned skin, her mouth open in a pant, the 'O' formed by her lips looking sensual and natural as she was violated—unfortunately not completely against her will.
She suddenly felt cool air on her ass realizing Tim had lifted her skirt, and also felt and heard him undoing his pants.
She watched in the mirror as the khaki material slid past his hips, sudden comprehension in her mind as she noticed him not wearing underwear and what was about to happen.
"Tim! No—oooh!" she exclaimed as Tim's cock slid into her vaginal canal, her moan echoing in the small space.
Not only was his aim true, but her body eagerly accepted the invasion. Normally such a thrust would have been painful; however, she was completely wet and aroused from her wet dream and earlier passion, so his long member slid easily into her.
Unable to control her body, Jen tilted her hips, instinctively giving Tim an easier angle as his cock pulled back and once again slammed into her.
Jen's hands grasped the sink counter as her head fell forward, her hair falling around her face as her body was overcome with lust, giving in to her assault.
She felt Tim's hands move her pony tail around her neck, realizing what he was doing too late as he untied her top and the white material fell forward, exposing her breasts as he untied the back as well.
Jen watched in the mirror as Tim's hands grasped her unfettered breasts, his pelvis moving erratically as he fucked her from behind. She could only pant as his cock entered her repeatedly, her body flooded with desire—too aroused to care she was being violated by her co-worker, and for all intents and purposes, raping her.
"Oh-oooh," she moaned again as Tim's hands kneaded her flesh, the fatty tissue bulging from between his fingers like dough as he once again squeezed her nipples and his cock pistoned in and out between her slit.
She could feel her vaginal muscles grasping the member sliding in and out of her, each thrust sending pleasure throughout her body as she stood there, allowing him to have his way with her, and even responding by meeting h is thrusts with her hips.
While being fucked Jen became aware of Tim whispering to her. Realizing she had closed her eyes in desire, she opened them and watched in the mirror as her body was jerked up and down with each of Tim's thrusts, his hands holding onto her breasts as she finally made out his words.
"This is what a DSA girl is all about," he was saying as his cock slammed into her. "Ready to be fucked at all times, taking any cock available, loving every second of it," he said, pulling back and then ramming back into her forcefully. "You like this Diamond, don't you?" he asked as his cock slammed into her again and again as she grunted. "Don't you Diamond, you like to be fucked?" he asked her again.
Jen could only cry out "Yes!" as she felt her body building to another orgasm while her breasts were fondled, her pussy ravaged.
The speakers beeped and the male attendant's voice came over the intercom saying people should return to their seats in preparation for landing; however, Jen's could do nothing as her body was trapped and used against the sink, lost in her own lust.
Tim began pumping faster, the small bathroom echoing with the steady thumping as Jen's body was pushed repeatedly against the sink.
Suddenly he slammed into her one more time, his cock deep inside her as she felt a warm wave pass through her lower stomach, knowing he was cumming inside her. The abrupt awareness of her violation, her co-worker cumming inside her, was too much for her mind to grasp as her own orgasm engulfed her body. She felt her vaginal canal clamp down on the cock inside her causing Tim to moan as her muscles gripped his shaft like a fist, the shuddering movements of her sex milking him in the natural response of reproduction, pulling every last drop of sperm from his cock as her vaginal canal squeezed him dry.
Finally she felt Tim's deflating cock slip out of her, both their rapid breathing echoing within the small bathroom broken only by the roar of the plane's engines.
They were both startled when a knock on the door came followed by the male flight attendant's voice stating, "We need everybody back to their seats for landing."
Jen looked into the mirror seeing their reflection, observing her bare torso, her skirt hiked up around her waist, as her co-worker smiled at her over her shoulder.
Suddenly he turned her around to face him, abruptly pushing her down to the commode until she was sitting in front of him.
Tim's cock was right in front of her face, his pubic hairs matted with both of their fluids, the odor of sex—pussy mixed with cum—strong in her nostrils.
"Clean me off," he told her, his cock moving closer to her mouth. "We can't let the plane stay up in the air all day," he chuckled.
Knowing Tim would not care if they did in fact stay in the air all day, her mind was still in a haze of post-coital lust as she leaned forward, her tongue lifting his cock as she sucked the deflating member into her mouth.
Tim let out a moan as Jen drew him into her oral cavity, his hands wrapping around her head and pulling her face further into his pelvis.
The mixture of both their fluids—salty, sweet, and bitter—filled Jen's mouth. While she suckled on Tim's cock, cleaning him off, she also used her hands and toilet paper to wipe away the cum leaking from her slit, hoping she could clean up enough to not leak out on her skirt.
After a few moments Tim pulled back, his cock sliding out of Jen's mouth with a loud intake of her breath and a slight 'popping' sound. Without saying a word he pulled up his pants and exited the bathroom, leaving her sitting on the closed commode.
As the door slid shut Jen heard Tim apologize to the flight attendant about being preoccupied.
Immediately the door opened again to Jen's surprise, the wide-eyed stare of the male flight attendant on her. Seeing her disheveled appearance—her skirt still pulled up around her hips and her top down and exposing her breasts—not to mention the small enclosed area permeated with the odor of sex, he broke into a grin, telling her she needed to go to her seat as soon as possible before once again closing the door.
Embarrassed and completely humiliated, Jen finished cleaning and straightening herself up as much as possible before making her way out of the bathroom. Once again she had difficulty tying the strap around her back, but eventually managed.
Peeking her head out the bathroom, she was thankful the male flight attendant was not around, so quickly exited the bathroom and made her way towards her seat.
As she passed by the flight attendant stand the female attendant stopped her, smiling and handing her a metal pin in the shape of pilot's wings.
Jen looked at her in confusion.
"Welcome to the mile-high club," the woman whispered to Jen as her face broke out in a blush.
Ashamedly she moved back to her seat, her mind completely numbed and oblivious to climbing over Tim or the looks and grins of the other passengers.
Sitting back down, Jen stared out of the window until the plane eventually landed.
She was still in a stupor as the plane pulled to the gate, barely responding as people began getting up and rushing to get out of the plane. Startled as something came across her view, she looked up to see Tim handing her carry-on bag to her. Taking it, she finally got up out of the seat, following the line of people off the plane.
Although Tim was behind her, he surprisingly did not touch her in any way as they left the plane.
What the hell was wrong with her, her mind kept repeating. She had actually enjoyed Tim having his way with her, actually cumming with him! Sure she had been mentally opposed to it, her mind screaming "No!" as she tried to get away; however, her body vetoed her mind, the definite "Yes!" being loud and clear as she eagerly responded to Tim's thrusts. Even now she could feel her nipples hardening at the thought of his use of her, feeling the moist sensation of his cum still between her legs.
She walked in a daze, following the mass of people who had left her plane, not paying attention to where she was really going. She barely noticed several men looking at her appreciatively, attempting to ignore them as her body—fresh from being used—once again stirred. Her mind was a flood of cascading images ranging between running away screaming and dropping to the ground with her legs spread and letting them have their way with her, and everything in between.
In the last three days, she had had sex with three different men, none of them being her own fiancé. Jen felt disgusted with herself. Sure she could come with excuses, letting Agents Geiger and Vogel have their way with her to prove she could play her role at DSA—but Tim? She could say she was assaulted, violated against her will, but she knew her body's reaction had betrayed her, even now feeling a thrill at the encounter.
God, she was a fucking slut, she thought. Her mind in a complete turmoil, unable to grasp a hold of her senses, mentally in shock.
Suddenly her reverie was broken by a sudden flashing of lights, as if a strobe light were going in front of her. The bright stimulus was enough to catch her attention and break the whirlwind of thoughts in her mind.
Looking up past the gate she saw a crowd of what looked like reporters, their cameras flashing non-stop. Wondering who they were there for, she suddenly she made out their yells:


"Diamond, how does it feel being the new DSA Spokesmodel?"
"Diamond, are those your real breasts?"
"Diamond, do you plan on making any full length movies soon?"

The questions came fast and furious, and Jen could only stare in shock as she was literally surrounded by the men, her eyes blinded by the flickering flashes of cameras—real cameras she noted, not cell phones or digital cameras—almost blinded.
She was completely overwhelmed as the cacophony of voices surrounded her, unable to move.
Then, out of nowhere came a voice she recognized, "Gentlemen. Gentlemen! Please give the lady room to breathe," Mr. DeWight's voice came through the throng.
Sure enough as the wave of reporters separated Jen saw her boss and her fiancé's rival, Charles DeWight III walking towards her. Jen was too thankful for his presence moving back the reporters to care why he was here--or coercing her into becoming a sexual slave—as he made his way to her, taking her by the arm and pulling her through the throng of Paparazzi.
"My dear, that dress looks stunning on you," Mr. DeWight said matter-of-factly, completely ignoring the reporters as he guided her through them.
Finally Jen found her voice, "What...what are you doing here?" she asked the man, who had told her he would not be in until later in the week.
Mr. DeWight smiled as he answered. "My dear, I had a feeling this," he said waving his hands at the strobe-lit audience following them, "would be happening. Word has gotten out there is a new DSA model, and the media is all over it like a hounds on a steak," he laughed. "I figured you would be overwhelmed, so flew out Saturday night. I'm flying back tonight as I have some business at the club before I return later in the week, but I knew you could use some rescue," he told her smiling.
For once Jen was glad for the man's presence, thanking him.
"It's of no consequence, really," Mr. DeWight told her, "but we do need to satisfy your growing fan base," he said, putting his arm around her and abruptly turning them around to face the mob.
Jen barely took notice of Mr. DeWight's hand sliding across her lower back as another barrage of questions came. As she stood there uncertain what to do, Mr. DeWight held up his free hand to silence the crowd.
As the cacophony of questions stopped along with the flashing of lights, Jen was able to take in her surroundings a bit better. The first thing she noticed was Mr. DeWight's hand around her waist slowly sliding up and down her bare hip, his grasp firm and warm against her bare skin. After the use and manipulation of her body throughout the day, she once again suppressed a flush as warmth spread through her body.
Her attention then turned back to the reporters, listening as Mr. DeWight explained to them how DSA would be publishing a fact sheet with all of her vital statistics which would be available at the DSA home office downtown. He explained the sheet should answer most of their immediate questions as another cacophony of inquiries came to them.
The Paparazzi once again quieted as Mr. DeWight held up a hand, laughing and telling them, "OK, OK, I will let Diamond answer one question each," he said, smiling at Jen's shocked face.
"Come my dear, you have a fan base to satisfy," he told her. Leaning into her ear he whispered, "Relax, answer the questions and be flirty about it, you are, after all, the company's embodiment of sex," he grinned as she felt him squeeze her ass.
Mr. DeWight started picking out the reporters—some of which he knew by name—as Jen answered their questions, at first shy and tentatively, but then more embolden as she realized the reporters were not there to entrap her, merely asking honest questions she felt comfortable answering.
The first couple of questions were fairly basic, asking how long she had been stripping, why she became a stripper, where she learned to work the pole so well and so forth. She had been answering such questions all her life while dancing for patrons so the answers came readily.
A few questions were more personal, asking her home town, if she was really engaged, and what was her fiancé's name.
These latter questions Mr. DeWight deflected, admonishing the reporters, "Now gentlemen, you know DSA's policy does not mix business with home life. If such questions continue, I will end this impromptu press conference," he told them sternly.
Jen was thankful for his intervention, as she too overwhelmed by all the attention. Without Mr. DeWight's intervention she would probably have blurted out her real name, address, and phone number.
After she had answered questions from most of the reporters, a greasy fat man raised his hand. Mr. DeWight waved at him as the man asked, "So are those real?" he said, leering at her breasts.
Jen was used to that particular question, having been asked it probably three times a night at the club. Although not unusual for a woman to have naturally large breasts, hers jutted from her body and were perky and firm without any plastic surgery.
As she opened her mouth to answer Mr. DeWight's voice came from the side of her, "Why don't you come over here and find out!"
Jen looked at Mr. DeWight in shock, seeing him grinning as she heard several reporters admonishing themselves for not asking the same question.
Turning her head, she looked at the greasy fat man coming towards her.
After moving in front of her, they both looked back at Mr. DeWight who nodded, saying with a big smile, "Go ahead, they won't bite," to the other reporters' amusement.
Jen's eyes opened wide in astonishment as the man's clawed hands moved forward, gasping when he took both her breasts in his palms and his fingers dug roughly into her soft and compliant mammary tissue through the dress.
Her vision was again flooded with flashes as the reporters took pictures of the other reporter feeling her chest.
Jen closed her eyes, not only from the bright lights but also in humiliation, wishing she were somewhere else.
Behind her closed eyelids she heard Mr. DeWight's voice ask the man what he thought.
"Goddamn if those are the most awesome natural tits I have ever felt," she heard in front of her, hoping her ordeal would be over soon.
Suddenly her eyes flew open as she gasped, the man having pinched both her nipples roughly through her dress, his fingers like a vise on the hardened nubs. The sensation was both painful and erotic as Jen once again felt her body responding in arousal.
The circumstances were so unusual Jen could only stand there in shock as she was openly groped in public.
The man gave her breasts one final squeeze, his thumbs flicking one more across her hard nipples as he finally backed away.
Jen could only stand there as the men took picture after picture of her breasts, not needing to look down to know her nipples were rock hard and projecting proudly through the dress.
As if nothing unusual had happened Mr. DeWight said, "Alright, last question," as Jen focused on the final reporter she had not answered, while her breasts strained tight against her skin.
The man looked at her without hesitation and asked, "So do you actually swallow or is it just theatrics and fake cum you put in your mouth?"
Jen's eyes widened as she stared at the man in shock, unprepared for such a vulgar question.
Mr. DeWight burst out laughing next to her as he answered, "Not only does she swallow, but she is the best oral sex artist DSA has ever had," he announced to them as Jen cringed in shame and embarrassment. Then her head came up in shock as Mr. DeWight continued, "In fact, if we weren't in such a public place, I would have her prove it to you," he laughed as he turned and saw Jen's shocked expression.
The reporter chuckled, asking if he could get a rain check to everybody's laughter as Jen once again felt her face turn fifty shades of red.
Finally Mr. DeWight guided her around, telling the reporters over his shoulder that would be it for the day and to contact the main office for Diamond's fact sheet.
They made their way outside as Mr. DeWight guided her to another stretch white limousine, opening the door for her and then sliding in next to her as he instructed the driver to head to the office.
"You did marvelous my dear," Mr. DeWight told her, placing his hand on her thigh. "I do apologize for that, I did not think they would be swarming until the official announcement Friday," he told her. "But obviously, reporters are reporters," he grinned, his hand squeezing her leg.
Jen ignored his hand—the man had done more to her already—as she asked if it was always like that, surprised when Mr. DeWight told her that group had actually been mild, smiling at Jen's shocked expression.
"Once your full schedule is announced and they learn your patterns, there will be at least twice as many following you at each engagement. That's why I wanted you to wear something appropriate for a DSA girl," he explained, his hand nonchalantly reaching up and stroking the side of her breast with the back of his hand before placing it back on her thigh.
His hand slid back and forth across her skin as he continued. "One of the meetings you will be attending this week is how to handle such things," he told her. "The basic gist is you string them out, answering questions politely until you are ready to end it. Then you dangle out a nice carrot—like letting Bert feel your tits," he laughed at her stunned expression. "It was harmless," he shrugged, "and will be something not only he but the others will remember, causing you to stick out in their minds—and that is good advertising. It gives them more to think about, not barraging you with questions later on in the hopes of getting similar treatment," he said, still smiling at her while his hand continued stroking her thigh.
Jen realized his hand had reaching the short hemline of her skirt, but was again distracted as Mr. DeWight continued talking.
"As I told you," he explained to her, "you are not only a DSA model, but the lead spokesmodel for the entire company. You are the physical manifestation of the company, our avatar so-to-speak. You will be expected to live and breathe raw sex and sensuality whenever you are in public, dressed to the nines so every person you meet wants you. When the opportunity arises, you will flirt, fondle, and do what it takes to show you are a true representative of the company," he said, his fingers moving her hem higher as the continued to stroke her thigh.
"You mean be a slut," Jen said in exasperation.
Suddenly Mr. DeWight's hand slid between her legs, his had cupping her naked crotch as his middle finger stroked her slit, still wet from Tim's use of her.
Jen gasped as Mr. DeWight said, "That is what it takes to be a DSA Spokesmodel," he told her as his finger slowly parted the folds of her vaginal lips, spreading her desire across her soft skin reminiscent of her pat-down at the airport with the black TSA agent.
Yet again Jen was caught in a moment of being both embarrassed and aroused. Hearing Mr. DeWight chuckle at her reaction she realized in horror he was probably thinking the amount of her wetness was due to her arousal, not Tim's previous use of her!
Jen let out a moan as his finger slid into the folds of her slit, her legs involuntarily spreading apart as her hips tilted up.
Meanwhile her attention was drawn to Mr. DeWight's face as he continued talking like nothing unusual was going on—or that his finger was sliding in and out of her pussy. "A DSA girl is more than a slut Diamond; she is every man and woman's fantasy. You are not just a wet dream, you are more. You are not only the promise, but the fulfillment of great sex," he told her as he moved his finger in and out of her. "On film you show what you can do; on the stage you reveal how accessible you are to men, being a real, tangible seductress. The more you give them—like that reporter—the more they will be interested in following your every move, buying every movie and picture available of you on the site. You are not only sex, but money Diamond. Sex sells and you are the top dealer to every person in the world," he told her.
Jen was barely listening as Mr. DeWight's thumb began to rub her clitoris, her breath coming out in ragged breaths as she felt her hips begin to move almost imperceptibly.
Again as if he did not have his hand between her legs, masturbating her, Mr. DeWight continued. "This is how you should be acting," he told her as her mind attempted to focus on his words. With each movement of his finger her arousal increased, her body craving release from his hand. "You are sex personified and should always be ready, willing, and able," he told her as he slid a second finger inside her, moving more rapidly in and out of her.
Jen was panting now as the hand between her legs continued their invasion of her womanhood.
"Now, I want you to close your eyes and cum for me," he commanded.
Jen looked at him in surprise as he smiled. "If we had time, I would ask the same from you, but we are almost to the office and I think you need the stress relief," he chuckled. "Now, close your eyes," he ordered.
Jen could not help herself as she did what she was asked, closing her eyes and leaning back as Mr. DeWight's fingers moved faster and faster in and out of her, simultaneously rubbing her clit.
Without even thinking about it, she spread her legs wider, her skirt moving almost up to her hips as Mr. DeWight fingered her mercilessly.
So caught up in the moment and without any shame, Jen reached up and began massaging her breast through her dress while her boss masturbated her, her hips moving even faster with his motions.
Suddenly she yelled out, her mind and body exploding as she was overwhelmed with her release, her body once again betraying her as she thrashed like a wanton whore in the seat of the limo with Mr. DeWight's hand between her legs.
Jen continued to ride out her orgasm as wave after wave of pleasure spread through her body, Mr. DeWight's hand now pummeling in and out of her in a blur of speed.
She was not sure how long she rode the crests of her release, but eventually she felt Mr. DeWight pull his hand away as her orgasm finally was controlled and eased back down. Slowly opening her eyes, she looked ahead noticing the partition had been down the entire time and the limo driver watching her get off. In shame she looked at his gaze in the rear view mirror, their eyes meeting as she saw him smile.
Seeing the direction of her gaze, Mr. DeWight said, "You should never have a sexual experience without at least one other person enjoying the view," he chucked next to her.
Completely abased, Jen shamefully tugged her skirt back down, thankful when the limousine stopped and Mr. DeWight announced they had arrived at the office.
All Jen wanted to do was run away and hide in a hole somewhere, wishing this awful time in her life was over; however, such was not to be as Mr. DeWight exited the limo, reaching out his hand to help her out of the limo.
Exiting the car she stumbled, her legs wobbly from her recent orgasm, blushing as Mr. DeWight looked knowingly at her as he caught her arm.
"Come my queen, our empire awaits," he told her, escorting her through a large courtyard containing a marbled fountain with the words 'Divine Silk Attractions, Inc.' carved into the marble in gold lettering.
Several people greeted Mr. DeWight by name as they made their way through the courtyard, the men giving Jen an appraising look.
Although uncomfortable by their attention, the walk gave her time to compose her thoughts, still scrambled from all that had occurred today. Foremost in her mind was how she could have let these things happen to her—mentally repulsed at all that had transpired, while her body unarguably yearned for more. It was as if she were being controlled by two different people, her brain the rational one who knew society frowned upon such promiscuity and indecency in a woman; while her body willing and openly desired such lewdness and sluttiness.
Lately it felt like her body was constantly aroused. Even frightened by Tim in the airplane restroom her body had become aroused and willing.
Each step she took she was able to walk better, her body recuperating from her most recent orgasm, although her mind was still in a state of disarray. She was somewhat thankful Mr. DeWight kept his arm around her, his palm warm against her bare waist as he guided her towards the large mirrored glass doors of the building while her mind continued to be flooded by thoughts.
Jen felt like she was in a dream, her feelings in a haze as the events of the morning flooded her head: being felt up by the TSA agents; Tim fucking her on the plane; the reporter fondling her; and then Mr. DeWight openly masturbating her in front of the limo driver on their way here. The images flashed in her mind like a jumbled perverted slideshow as she wondered in what alternative universe she had been thrown into, where men could do such things to a woman as if they were every day occurrences.
Sure she had seen the bad side of men—nobody could work at a strip club for even one night and not know what the leers and open suggestions of the crowd meant. These were men who many had pledged their lives to be with a single woman, the rings on their finger openly visible, yet they still propositioned the girls at the club. She often joked with the other girls on how men were scum, and it was nothing new, as even in her History classes at school she had read about men succumbing to nothing but a pretty face and body.
But such things were far and few in-between, as normal people did not behave in such fashion. Yet now it was as if all her ethics and morals were in reverse, her body no longer her own as she was shamelessly displayed, used sexually, and manipulated to satisfy all those lustful urges.
She could not decide which was worse—the men having the temerity to treat and do such things to her or her allowing them to happen. Unbidden came the thoughts of her body's unabashed reaction, wondering for the umpteenth time what the hell was she doing and how things had progressed to this point.
Some of the blame was not hers, and she accepted that fact. These men—particularly the FBI agents who had been intimate with her—knew of her engagement, knew she was already spoken for, and knew although she was a stripper, did not behave in such fashion. Even Mr. DeWight knew she was engaged, although not to whom. These men should have had the decency to not have done what they did—but then again they were men, and was beginning to understand all of them were pigs, so she took the blame, wondering how she could have allowed these things to befall her.
Jen had always been sexual, but had held those feelings in check for many years. Other than stripping at the club to satisfy her innate exhibitionism—an environment where it was considered 'normal'—she had never allowed herself to become this overtly sexual.
She once again recalled the time when Dan had been at college and she had succumbed to an impromptu threesome. She remembered how free she had felt, allowing her body and mind to drop all morals and relish in the moment. Her therapist had stated it was not normal, merely her mind's chemical imbalance trying to find a release, and since her therapy had pushed such thoughts from her mind, always staying true to Dan.
Now she was thrown into a world of sex, drugs, and organized crime. A world where men treated women as property, who thought so little of sex and their use of women came as natural as breathing. And her body responded to such treatment, and for the first time since that long ago night, she was feeling free about her sexuality, while her mind continued to rebel against her actions.
As abhorrent and twisted as Mr. DeWight, Tim, and even the FBI agents' treatment and use of her was, Jen could not dispute her body had responded as they wished, almost flourishing on their sex with her. She had no explanation for her body's promiscuity, knowing a multiple of factors were involved—whether it was drugs and alcohol, a relapse of her bi-polar disorder, her exhibitionistic tendencies manifesting in some bizarre fashion, or something completely different, her body's reaction was almost uncontrollable, obliterating her long-held morals and better judgment.
She was in a moral dilemma in which she could not find a solution.
And here she was with the epitome of female debasement, his arm wrapped around her like an accessory, a man who had no qualms displaying her body or using it for his own desires and furthering his business, a business built upon female exploitation.
Her thoughts turned to the sick and twisted reality of her contract and involvement with the FBI, where ironically the more she gave in to this perverse world of adult entertainment the better her chances were of getting out—a depraved Catch-22. Oppose her contract and she would be morally pure, but bankrupt or worse as Mr. DeWight's history proved he did not take the answer of no very lightly. On the other hand, if she gave in and allowed her body to be debased, becoming a sexual victim, she had a chance out—if she could find enough evidence for the FBI—but at the cost of her own respect and decency.
While these and other thoughts whirl-winded around in her head she once again weighed the costs and possibility of losing Dan. He was the anchor preventing her mind from blowing away. His hatred of Mr. DeWight overshadowed everything, and if she could help him find some peace against his rival it was worth it, even if it meant losing him. In her mind his retribution and ability to put down his rival preceded even her own happiness.
She was so lost in her thoughts she did not noticed Mr. DeWight opening the heavy glass doors of the building and guiding her inside. It was not until the coolness of the air conditioned lobby enveloped her body that her attention was brought back to the here and now.
And if the cold air rapidly chilling her bare skin had not brought her back, the round of applause suddenly erupting throughout the foyer as they stepped inside chased all other thoughts from her head.
Jen looked around in surprise seeing a large crowd of people surrounding them and applauding as they smiled—not at Mr. DeWight, but at her!
They were standing in a large marbled welcoming area with huge—at least thirty feet long—banners hanging around the walls. Jen stared in surprise seeing the banners containing pictures of her in various positions wrapped around a pole. At the top of all the banners was her stripper name, 'Diamond' in large gold letters with the company's name in silver at the bottom, and in between those, twenty-foot images of her on the pole! Jen counted at least a dozen different pictures and banners throughout the large opened area.
The images had obviously been taken without her knowledge, and seeing herself in so many different outfits she realized they spanned at least several months of her working at the club. She noticed the background of each banner also complimented the outfit she was wearing in each picture—or in the case of two banners, not wearing.
The two nude banners were tastefully done, taken at an angle to be 'legal' and even though topless, her arms were placed over her breasts in the teasing manner she usually danced.
Taking in the shock of her own portrait banners surrounding the entire lobby, she looked around at the rest of the room observing it to be at least three stories tall, lined by both glass and marble—the only adornments being the banners of her.
The removal of Mr. DeWight's hand from around her waist brought her attention back to their immediate surroundings as he made an exaggerated bow to her, speaking loudly to in the main area.
"Ladies and Gentlemen of DSA, may I present Diamond, our new Divine Silk Attractions Spokesmodel," he announced, joining in the chorus of applause erupting throughout the lobby.
Jen could only stand in wonder and embarrassment, clad in her small white outfit and on display before the crowd of DSA employees. After her previous morbid thoughts she wondered how people could be HAPPY she was there, willing to degrade her body for profit. How could they show such elated emotions towards Mr. DeWight—a murdering, corrupt, crime-lord—as if he were as pure as the pope!
Jen realized there were two sides to the company. To the many employees such as those before her DSA was a legitimate adult entertainment business, legally employing entertainers for strip clubs and multimedia. These people were probably unaware of the seedier aspects of the business, the things she had learned about DSA and Mr. DeWight from Dan's report and the FBI. They did not know what happened behind closed doors; which made sense, she reasoned, not everybody could be as corrupted as Mr. DeWight.
Already biased on the more corrupt side of the company, it was mind boggling for her to see how well-liked Mr. DeWight was, as well as everybody's happy welcome of her.
Jen did not lose her desire to put Mr. DeWight behind bars and get out of her contract, but she began to realize there were innocent people whose jobs would be impacted by her actions. Many of these people were here of their own willingness—even many of the models—and this was their livelihood.
It was a sobering thought. Not enough to sway her resolve in helping the FBI; however, she appreciated the need to make sure any evidence she found would make only the guilty pay. Previously she was ready to sink the entire company, but now that single-minded goal had changed, hoping to limit the collateral damage caused to the legitimate part of the company.
She began to understand why the FBI had taken so long to take Mr. DeWight down, as they obviously did not want to harm any other people.
After the applause died down Mr. DeWight guided her through the lobby—her spiked heels clinking loud and echoing throughout the busy foyer, while people greeted her, welcoming Diamond to DSA.
Jen was both embarrassed and thrilled at the attention, her mind again at odds with how her body reacted to the scrutiny of everybody around her, her pulse speeding up in response to the more blatant leers she received from many of the men.
Suddenly Jen blushed as comprehension flooded her mind. She realized these men were not looking at her as a man would look at an attractive woman on the street, possibly wondering what her personality was like or whether she would go out with them. Nor was it the looks she received dancing, selling the fantasy of a sexy and beautiful woman teasing a man for the evening. From their leers it was apparent many of these men HAD seen her naked—probably from the videos Agent Geiger had shown her—and they obviously wanted to see more. Seeing her in person, their thoughts were comparing what they had seen on their computers to the woman standing before them. These men were not imagining her as a perspective date or even an evening fantasy, but instead openly wanting to have sex with her, picturing her in the videos and thinking of her sucking and fucking them. These were the looks of men with full knowledge of her being a porn actress, not concerned with her saying no, in fact, she was being paid to say yes. The looks upon her breasts, her legs, as well as her ass and hips were of those not imagining what she would look like in a dress or doing things a normal, respectable woman such as their girlfriends or wives would do but of her performing sexual acts so dark and secret they would not even confess them to their significant others.
To these men she was Diamond, a willing slut and porn actress who fucked for money. They knew nothing about Jennifer Simmons or why she was here—their only thoughts were she WAS here as well as WHY. From their behavior these men looked at her with the knowledge they DID have a chance with her.
She suddenly realized their blatant ass-kissing to Mr. DeWight demonstrated they also knew she did not have a say in whether they could fuck her. The knowledge in their faces showed her they knew if Mr. DeWight gave them a nod that was all they would need to dominate her.
Jen suddenly became conscious of her attire, particularly not wearing any underwear. She had often gone braless—and in fact had danced for years at the club topless, so was more comfortable with her chest on display. Even with her nipples sharply outlined by the thin fabric her years of dancing had accustomed her to looks at her chest. It was the lack of any panties—even a thong—which sobered her thoughts. She had no doubts the men knew there was only a thin piece of white material separating them from her naked body.
She chuckled at the perverse thought of how even a skimpy thong would have made her feel more dressed than the outfit she was wearing.
Her thoughts were both troubling and arousing as Mr. DeWight greeted and smiled at the men, stopping to introduce her to some of them as they waited by a bank of elevators.
When the elevator doors opened she was startled to observe her and Mr. DeWight entering alone and none of the men following. She suddenly realized although the men were obviously ass-kissing Mr. DeWight, there was an obvious dominance play none of them wanted to get involved with by being in the same elevator as him, and Jen filed the knowledge away, understanding there may be legitimate aspects of the company, but even these men knew a predator when they were near him.
Inside the elevator Mr. DeWight swiped a keycard and pressed the button to the 25th floor. The moment the elevator doors began closing Jen was suddenly startled as Mr. DeWight's hand slipped beneath her skirt, cupping her crotch from behind as his middle finger pressed against her still moistened slit. Jen let out a squeal of surprise, her face blushing as she heard the men laugh, their last sight of her being her body jerking forward and knowing what their boss had done.
It was not until Mr. DeWight's hand moved away she admitted she would have stood there allowing him complete access to her bare crotch.
The thought frightened her as she wondered how he had such control over her. Although he had groped her for the benefit of the men at the elevator, she was ashamed he had proven to the men what she had thought about earlier—she was here to be used and Mr. DeWight was the one in control.
Attempting to calm her nerves, Jen looked at her reflection in the highly polished doors of the elevator, seeing what everybody else had seen—a long-haired brunette with long tanned legs in a short white outfit revealing her back, stomach, and waist, her large breasts barely contained within the tight white top. The doors were so reflective she could even see her nipples delineated through the fabric, the buds responding to both the cold air of the lobby and the men's previous stares upon her. Mr. DeWight had chosen this outfit for one purpose, to show her off.
The man's voice in the confined space broke her reverie as she turned towards him.
"Our offices are located on the top floor, so I'll take you there first to introduce you to your assistant and let you settle in. After that you'll have to go to HR and get all the legal paperwork and benefits shit filled out," he explained to her. "Starting tomorrow you will have a meeting with our PR rep on handling the media and such so you won't be caught unawares again like at the airport," he told her. "I also have several photo-shoots scheduled for you and such, but your assistant will fill you in on those details."
Jen was completely out of place as she comprehended the corporate headquarters for DSA was an actual business, so the normal things which happened in all large businesses such as HR, paperwork, and so forth were a part of everyday life. She was no longer working for a less-than-shady strip club for hourly wages and no benefits, she was now part of a world-wide corporation. Regardless of whether the business dealt with porn, stocks, or managed grocery stores, some things were common to all businesses.
That the company was an adult entertainment industry also involved in illegal activities was at odds with the 'normalcy' of corporate America surrounding her, and the knowledge of how her body would be treated within this very same business.
Then her thoughts keyed in on what Mr. DeWight had said—'our offices' and 'her assistant.'
The sudden touch of Mr. DeWight's hand back to her waist, his thumb slowly stroking her bare skin while the elevator rose was both possessive and soothing—she expected him to be touching her, which was more normal to her than being alone in the big city in a large corporate office.
She was about to ask him what he had meant about the office and assistant when the elevator doors opened, revealing a plush wood and marble paneled reception area lined by gold and silver trim. A large oval-shaped receptionist area greeted them where an attractive elderly lady stood up.
"Good morning Mr. DeWight...and I assume this is Diamond?" the woman asked with a welcoming smile. Before either Jen or Mr. DeWight could answer the woman turned and began walking down the hallway, waving for them to follow her as she and her boss shuffled to keep up.
"The engagement calendar for next month is on your desk sir for your final approval," the woman was saying, "we need to go over the media and filming aspects. And Diamond," she said looking over her shoulder, "your assistant has arrived and is waiting in your office—we're headed there first. She will have your schedule as well for most of the year—or at least as much as we can plan for so early," she said with a warm smile, leading them down the long hallway.
The woman was in her late forties, but that was only a guess as she had the athletic buxom figure of a girl in her mid-twenties—and she dressed the part as well. At first Jen thought the woman was wearing a tight grey dress, but as she got closer she realized it was a fine black and white leopard print, the dress hugging the woman's body like a second skin and showing off her voluptuous figure to full advantage. It was nothing an older woman would wear, instead being something typical from Jen's closet.
Mr. DeWight introduced the elderly lady as Ms. Murphy, to which the woman laughed and told Jen to call her Elsie. Mr. DeWight explained Elsie had been his personal assistant since the company consisted of only a single strip club.
"Elsie was one of the dancers there, going by the name Mercedes—though if you call her by that now she might misplace your paycheck," he laughed. "She was like a den mother to the girls there and became the very first DSA spokesmodel, more by default than any conscious effort on my part. She probably knows every dark secret about me," he laughed along with the attractive elderly lady.
Jen's interest in Mr. DeWight and knowing what the FBI knew gave her pause, wondering what secrets the woman carried and if she would be able to pry anything from somebody who had been with the man for so long. She probably knew quite a bit about his underworld dealings, but also to remain with him this long, could hold a secret.
Even as she pondered her double-life of stripper-turned-porn star and FBI informant, Jen admired the expensive trimmings of the hallway. Like everything else she had seen of the building, the hallway was extravagant, featuring deep green and white marble columns interspersed with dark varnished wood panels lined by gold and silver trim. Walking down the hallway—her and Elsie's high heels making a staccato rhythm which echoed down the hall—they passed several decorative wooden doors to other offices, reminding Jen more of a law firm's offices instead of those belonging to a porn business.
The luxury of the building once again surprised her. Jen had imagined DSA being run out of warehouse, recalling the dilapidated building the FBI task force had their headquarters in.
Eventually they reached the end of the hallway where two large frosted glass double-doors were placed. The company name 'Divine Silk Attractions' was engraved at the top above the doors; however, what caught her eyes was the pair of frosted female silhouettes on the doors. On the left door was an etched profile of a stripper leaning against a pole, one leg pulled up to the pole. The shaded image epitomized every man's dream with long legs, curvy athletic body and flat stomach, as well as perky breasts titled upwards with the prominent outlines of the stripper's nipples. The right door had a similar etched portrait of a long-haired dancer leaning forward towards the other silhouette, hands resting above her knees and her well-shaped ass jutting behind while her naked breasts hung beneath her body. Other than the trademark stripper shoes, both silhouettes were obviously naked.
As Jen looked at the images she could barely see the office behind the doors. Her eyes once again focused on the top of the doors and in surprise noticed the gold lettering across the top beneath the company name reading 'Diamond, Vice President of Ecdysiast Services."
It suddenly dawned on her this was her office!
Before she could ask what the title after her name meant Elsie opened the double doors, revealing an extravagant waiting area decorated in white and black. The floor consisted of white and black marble tiles, with matching walls lined by white and black velvet striped wallpaper. The wallpaper reminded Jen of Mr. DeWight's office at the Satin Kitty.
The center of the room was dominated by a large oval black desk where a beautiful brunette was sitting, who immediately stood up at their entrance.
"Mr. DeWight! Miss Diamond!" she exclaimed, "It is good to finally meet you, I'm Velvet," she introduced herself to Jen, holding out her hand.
The woman was a few years younger than Jen, in her early twenties and wearing a skin-tight black backless halter dress. As with most of the women Jen had noted working in the building, the woman's dress hugged her body like a second skin. The hem, which was cut as high as Jen's outfit, revealed long muscular legs which she instantly recognized as dancer's legs, guessing Velvet was probably a dancer for the company as well.
Mr. DeWight confirmed her suspicions. "Velvet here is a dancer in our Administration Intern Program," Mr. DeWight explained. "We have a relationship with the local university where we offer eligible girls dancing in clubs and working towards their business degrees the chance at day-time jobs in the business. It gives them the chance to learn the ropes of the business world as well as receive internship credit from their college towards a degree. Basically secretary by day, stripper by night," he chuckled.
As Jen shook the girl's hand Velvet said, "I was so excited to be assigned to you!" she said enthusiastically. "I have watched several of your routines on videos and would love to learn anything I can from you," she said eagerly.
"I'm sure there will be plenty of time for the two of you to become more acquainted," Mr. DeWight said suggestively as he gave both Velvet and Jen a pointed look, grinning at them before leading Jen further into the office.
Opening another set of double-doors, he looked over his shoulder and told the other woman, "Velvet, if you could let HR know Diamond is here and will be there once she is settled in? You will need to take her there once I'm done showing her around," he told the young woman as way of dismissal.
The girl nodded enthusiastically behind them as Mr. DeWight guided Jen into the next room, his arm once again around her bare waist.
Jen's attention on Mr. DeWight's hand upon her was forgotten as she looked around the office. If she had thought the hallway and such were opulent, she was in awe at the office—her office, she realized.
The first thing she noticed was the entire back of the office consisting of a single glass window showing off the Los Angeles skyline. The view was spectacular even from her position as she then took in the rest of the office.
To the immediate left corner was a dance stage complete with pole and mirrored walls—similar, although larger, than the stage Mr. DeWight had in his office at the Satin Kitty. Similar to it and the full stage renovated at the club, the floor was lined with hard padded rubber providing a firm grip for shoes—even if they became wet—as well as providing a slight cushioning in case of a fall from the pole or hard landing. The mirrored walls meeting at the corner allowed her to practice while still being able to watch her maneuvers at any angle.
The opposite corner to their right was a small conference area containing a small, round, white-finished meeting table with four black leather executive chairs. She also imagined the chairs could serve to seat a small audience for the stage.
All of these things were taken in at a glance as she looked further into the room, her attention drawn to the sides. On the left and right walls across from each other were life-sized gold statues of dancers exactly like the silhouettes on the door—one girl leaning against a pole on the right wall, the other dancer on the left bent forward. Unlike the images on the door these were complete—and anatomically correct—statues of the dancers.
The entire office was carpeted by a thick white shag carpet, her heels sinking into the plush fabric.
What took up most of the back half of the room was a large black executive desk, with matching black leather chairs placed in front of it. A computer monitor sat on the desk and off to the side, but that was not what caught Jen's eye and drew her attention away from the extravagant office.
Set prominently in the dead center of the desk facing her was a black and gold nameplate showing 'Diamond, VP of Ecdysiast Services.'
Jen looked at Mr. DeWight in astonishment as he asked, "How do you like your new office?"
For once she was glad of Mr. DeWight's hand upon her body, his hand sliding subtly back and forth across her skin, as it gave her an anchor to reality. Jen's mind was in shock at his words, only this time it was not at any sexually innuendo or defilement, but at statement this opulent office was hers!
"My office?" Jen said in a stunned voice. "Why do I have an office?" she asked dumbfounded.
Mr. DeWight laughed openly, his hand squeezing her hip as he said, "My beautiful corporate sex idol. Did you not read the contract I had delivered to you?" he asked as she numbly nodded.
He went on to explain how beyond her roles of dancing, modeling, and filming within the company, the DSA Spokesmodel position served as the head of all the other dancers and models within the company.
"You are the Vice President of Ecdysiast Services," he told her, "the executive director of all the working girls for DSA—strippers, models, actresses, you name it—for the entire company. You are in charge of their schedules, hiring and firing, complaints—even yearly peer reviews," he said, grinning at her stunned expression. "Unlike how some companies operate letting the manager of the club dictate who works and when," he told her, "any DSA girl hired or fired ultimately rests upon your shoulders. You are the final decision maker on who works at what clubs, what songs should and should not be played at those clubs, and all other personnel issues, particularly when it comes to the dancers for our clubs," he told her with a grin. "Granted the local managers manage the clubs as a whole, but you are, to put it bluntly, the head stripper of all of them," he said to her, "and as you own stock in each club, it is in your vested interest to keep them well run," he smiled, "as you are a member of the Board of Directors for the company."
"What?" Jen exclaimed in disbelief. Although her and Dan had read about her being the liaison between the corporate monstrosity of DSA and the dancers, she had not known exactly what her duties were other than stripping and—to her humiliation—being fucked on film. She had been more concerned with the more blatant abuses of her body and had not focused on the other ancillary sections of the contract, believing her position was more an honorific title than actually being in charge of anything, let alone ALL the girls dancing for DSA!
"But I have no experience for management," she told him.
Mr. DeWight smiled knowingly, "Yes, you do," he told her. "First, you are a dancer yourself, so you know what is best for the girls. Also, after talking to the girls at the Satin Kitty, you have been their 'leader' so-to-speak for years. They look up to you, so that shows you have the needed skills," he explained to her as she could only stare at him.
"One of the reasons you will be touring from club to club is not just to advertise yourself across the country, but to meet all the girls, check out the clubs and how they operate, and then report back here. You will be the decision maker for the next era of DSA when it comes to the clubs and the girls dancing at them. All final hires are interviewed by you for any dancer positions, so in a sense," he told her, "you are shaping the future of the company," he said smiling to her surprise.
She was overwhelmed, again thanking his hand upon her as she leaned into his hold for support as he continued. "Although I typically have a say when we buy a club and decide if the dancers should stay or not, new dancers are first screened by the local managers of the clubs, then brought to you for final endorsement," Mr. DeWight told her smiling.
Nodding towards the elderly woman standing next to them, Mr. DeWight smiled as he said, "It is a process I learned from Elsie when we first began the business and she was technically our first DSA Spokesmodel," he told her as he reached out and wrapped his other arm around the elderly woman's waist familiarly. "I find it better for a woman to hire another woman to avoid cases where a manager may be seduced into hiring a dancer," he chuckled.
Jen could not believe what was being asked of her. Once again she thought about her assumption being the DSA Spokesmodel only meant she would be stripping and forced to make porn movies, too worried and focused about being on display to anybody who paid to see her. She had never imagined she would be in a legitimate managerial position!
She stood there in shock looking around the office, still not believing it was hers—or the duties she was expected to perform. It was frightening—in some aspects more frightening than being asked to be a porn actress. She knew she could dance, and being a porn actress was merely having sex while somebody filmed it; however, now she was being asked to do something it took some executives years to build up the skills requested of her, and she was suddenly daunted by her role.
Her attention was drawn back to Mr. DeWight as his hand slid down her back, squeezing her ass cheek before continuing to speak. "Elsie and Velvet will help you get the hang of your other duties, but unfortunately I need to head out. I have an important meeting tonight with a close friend, one who may finally be working for the company soon like you," he told her happily.
Jen's thoughts immediately turned to Dan, knowing who Mr. DeWight was talking about.
Mr. DeWight made his goodbye telling her he would meet up with her later in the week when he flew back into town. "Friday we're having your official 'coming out' party at my house," he told her proudly. "You will need to come up with a dance routine, as it will be your public debut to announcing you as the new spokesmodel," he told her. "Even though word has already gotten out, this will be your official pronouncement, as well as the first peek of you by some of our investors," he grinned. "So plan something special," he said, winking at her before turning around and leaving the office with Elsie right behind him.
Velvet walked in immediately after Mr. DeWight and the older former spokesmodel left. Jen could only stand in the middle of the room, still unable to absorb the fact of this being her office, or what her newly discovered roles entailed.
Seeing her surprised face, Velvet asked her, "You didn't know?"
Jen looked at her, shaking her head, "No. How could he place so much responsibility in a woman he doesn't even know?" she asked.
Velvet looked at her intently, her gaze enough to cause Jen to look back at—her administrative assistant. "To be honest, the last couple DSA Spokesmodels didn't do jack shit for the company other than make movies and dance—which is fine as it pulls in the money, and that's all Mr. DeWight cares about. The other duties have been mostly stuff on paper to make the position 'official,' but nobody has ever taken them seriously," she told Jen. "Make no mistake, Mr. DeWight runs this company. He may give somebody flexibility to do what they want, but in the end, if he doesn't like the decision he WILL step in," she told Jen. "And trust me, you do not want to get on Mr. DeWight's bad side," she cautioned.
The tone of her voice caused Jen to look at the woman, asking, "What do you mean?"
Velvet shook her head. "This building has eyes and ears everywhere, maybe we'll talk some other time. My only word of warning is do what Mr. DeWight tells you to do, and your life will be much easier," she said.
The woman did not say anything more, and after a few awkward minutes of silence, she showed Jen how to work the computer. Jen's position allowed her access to the company records—at least those of every dancer ever employed by DSA. As an example, Velvet pulled up Diamond's record.
Jen was surprised to discover a recorded log under her performance category, and curiosity getting the better of her double-clicked the speaker icon, hearing Mr. DeWight's voice coming across the computer's speakers:


"Although she only dances topless, I have plans for her doing more, and now that I've seen her in person I'm actually thinking of her possibly becoming the next spokesmodel of the company. As provocative as she is on the pole and the way she dances, she will undoubtedly be a fantastic fuck on and off screen, and the perfect woman to boost DSA profits.
Not only will I be able to satisfy my own agenda, but I will be making a profit doing so, so she is a win-win situation."

Jen clicked the 'Stop' button on the review, disgusted, flattered, and embarrassed all at once. Her disgust came from Mr. DeWight's blatant crude comments and discussion of her as if she were an ornament, or worse, a piece of meat. He had no remorse for what he planned on her doing or even whether or not she would agree, speaking of her like something he would see in a store and purchase for his own use. To him she was an object to be owned, not a person working for him.
Seeing the date of the recording, she was surprised it had been made over six months before he bought the club, apparently already having his sights on her.
Embarrassed at Velvet being next to her and hearing Mr. DeWight's comments about her, she closed the recording. Velvet did not say anything, merely showing Jen how to operate the climate controls, lighting, and other bells and whistles that came with the office—all controlled on her computer.
"Oh, and check this out," Velvet said, her composure seemingly more relaxed around Jen than Mr. DeWight and Elsie.
Clicking another icon with the mouse Jen was startled when shutters immediately dropped across the windowed wall, darkening the room. Velvet once again clicked on the screen and Jen was surprised when the lights immediately changed color, flooding the room with a deep purple hue with pink floodlights shining up the walls. Clicking another icon, the room changed into a deep ocean blue, which Velvet then changed to a deep green with another click of the mouse.
"The lights can be cycled manually or set in any order with any time setting you desire. It makes great mood lighting if you want to practice on the stage," she smiled, nodding to the stage. She showed Jen again how to change the settings, also demonstrating how to work the spot lights and strobe lights directed at the stage. "Although it's great for practicing yourself," she told her, "the main purpose is when you are auditioning girls," the young woman told her, reminding Jen of her other duties.
Seeing the surprise on her face, she smiled. "Obviously you'll have to see them dance. One of the requirements for every girl meeting you is to have a full set prepared for their interview," Velvet explained.
Her assistant—the term foreign to her—then showed her the full bath adjacent to the office complete with a large Jacuzzi able to seat at least three people comfortably. Also adjoining the office and bathroom was a small 'sitting room' containing a large flat-screened television, recliner, and fold-out sofa bed in case Jen wanted to rest or spend the night at the office.
Jen realized the office could basically serve as an overnight apartment if she chose, her mind completely numbed by the extravagance before her, still not believing it was hers or there was more to her job than her less savory endeavors.
Velvet then took Jen—or Diamond she thought in her mind, knowing she needed to get used to being addressed by her stripper persona—on a tour of the rest of the building. The young woman first showed here where the restrooms were located on the other floors, stating each level was pretty much a copy of the next, so it did not matter where in the building she was, she could always find what she wanted. There were also designated coffee and drink areas on each floor, containing free soda and coffee machines, as well as the main cafeteria on the fourteenth floor.
Finding out neither of them had anything to eat since the morning, Jen decided they should both get a late lunch at the cafeteria, so they found an empty table and each ordered a salad.
As they ate, Jen learned Velvet had been working at the local club—The Garden of Eden—for a year.
"I tried waitressing at a couple diners to earn some money to help me through college," she explained to Jen, who still had not come to grips of being the younger girl's boss, "but you don't earn any decent tips unless you ignore a customer's roaming hands," she was saying. "Even a few of the managers I had offered me bonuses if I 'helped them out in the back room,'" she explained with a grimace.
Jen recalled the time she had waitressed at a similar restaurant, so could relate with the young woman.
"Then a friend of mine at school mentioned an opening at the club she danced," Velvet told her. "At first I was a bit reluctant—I mean, not many girls pick taking off their clothes as a career choice—but after she told me about the money, the rest is history," she said. "It's good money, but with the internship, all my time is taken up by DSA with no time for myself or any social life. In fact, I've recently had my car break down, but don't have the time to get it fixed. I've also had a few other bills coming in so starting to worry about money once again and working additional shifts," she confided.
Jen told her about her own similar history of becoming a stripper. As they talked, she began to develop a friendship with the other woman, immediately taking a liking to her. Velvet was easy going and extremely laid back, reminding her of Mary and Denise back at the Satin Kitty, quickly forming a rapport with the girl.
"I would love if you could help me out on some pole routines sometime," Velvet asked. "I'm thinking if I can improve my act, it will get more tips, and the extra money will definitely help," she said, to which Jen agreed, telling her she often helped out the girls at the Satin Kitty.
Velvet told her Mr. DeWight had said something along those same lines, describing how he had told every dancer he came into contact with how the dancers at the Satin Kitty were some of the best he had ever seen—all because of her influence. She said Mr. DeWight had further stated the club—if not for the bad location of being in Oregon—could easily become the most popular one in the company due to Diamond's guidance on it.
Jen was flattered at the praise, her mind still astonished at her new roles and responsibilities. While her mind dwelled on everything she learned, Velvet led the conversation, talking about her life, schoolwork, and DSA in general.
Once again Jen grasped there was more to the company than her and other women's exploitation against their will, reminded of the innocent people such as Velvet simply making a living beyond the seedy underworld of drugs, prostitution, and other illegal activities.
Finished with their late lunch, Velvet took Jen around the rest of the building—occasionally introducing her to people she would come into contact while working at the main office. Just as in the lobby, Jen was greeted by people happily welcoming her into the company or telling her how much they admired her dancing and acting, making her uncomfortable with all the attention. In fact, she felt more comfortable at the open leers of the men she passed, their gazes making her feel like she should take a shower to wash off the dirt their leers left behind as it was typical of the looks she got at the club compared to people praising her for her 'work' at the company.
Hearing the comments of everybody she met, she knew none of these people cared if she willingly performed for the camera or was forced into it. She was the symbol of the company and they knew her success—forced or not—would become their own success. In fact, it was apparent many of them believed her to willingly be the spokesmodel, and she knew with her recorded videos of sex with Mr. DeWight and the blowjob with Tim edited to make it look like she was a willing participant, they accepted her participation at face value. Explaining otherwise to them was pointless, so she merely thanked them for their praise and moved on; soon enough she would be playing the role of a willing participant anyways to maintain her cover with the FBI, and telling these people otherwise was pointless.
Finally Velvet took her to the HR department, where the rest of the afternoon was spent filling out papers for benefits, taking several online compliance courses, and learning the entire DSA mantra on selling adult entertainment—to sum up in only a few words: if it was sexy, it could be sold. The old adage of 'Sex Sells' was truer for this company than any other, and it was obvious the company excelled at it.
Jen also received her employee keycard/badge, as well as a stack of similar cards for each of the girls at both the Satin Kitty and Wet Cherry to hand out when she returned the following week. It was explained to her while the other badges only worked for the respective club each girl worked at, her badge—that of the VP of Ecdysiast Services—granted her access to every club the company owned, as well as most areas in the building, confirming the statements made to her by the FBI agents.
"All the electronic locks are networked together and feed into one system," the IT assistant, a young man who could not take his eyes off Jen's breasts the entire time, explained. "Just realize having access to a particular area does not necessarily mean you should be there," he smiled," so use your discretion and only go where you need to be," he told her, explaining how the logs were reviewed every night.
She what she had been told by the FBI agents, that as the DSA Spokesmodel she would have access to places they could never hope to obtain, also remembering the device looking like a badge on a cable Nick had given her, stating it could be used to hide her access by repeating the last card swiped. Things were becoming real she thought, hoping the device worked as described as she took the package of cards back to her office.
Her office—the phrase still sounded odd. Entering through the double-glass doors she was once again greeted by Velvet, who was preparing to leave.
Looking at the clock Jen was surprised to see it was already past seven o'clock—having spent almost four hours at the HR department. Velvet was getting ready to head to the club as she had to work tonight, telling Jen, "I'd ask for you to come, but Mr. DeWight said he doesn't want you at the club until after your debut Friday," she smiled, "and besides, you would pull away all the good tips from us honest working girls," she laughed.
Velvet also went over Jen's schedule for the next day, "First thing in the morning you have a meeting with the PR folks who will help you deal with the growing number of reporters that will be hitting you," she said, reminding Jen of her experience earlier at the airport. "Afterwards you have a photo shoot with Melissa, one of our top photographers," she said.
Seeing Jen's expression Velvet smiled, immediately guessing her thoughts. "It is a solo bikini shoot, so nothing outrageous," she said to Jen's relief.
Although she would soon enough be forced into her role as a sex object, Jen was still unprepared for what her job entailed as Velvet explained her photo-shoots for the week.
"Mr. DeWight felt you should be slowly introduced into the modeling aspect of your spokesmodel role," Velvet told her to Jen's relief, broken by her next comment. "I will tell you the other two shoots scheduled this week will probably be explicit," she said, knowing Jen would not be happy as she shrugged. "It's really up to Melissa the photographer as to what you will do. She'll decide how well you are doing in front of the camera and take it from there," she said.
Finally she showed Jen how to call her limo—it being permanently assigned to her for all travel—which would take her to her hotel room she was already checked in, handing Jen her key card before bidding her good night and reminding Jen she needed to be back by eight in the morning for her first meeting.
Jen groaned at the early time, knowing with L.A. traffic she would have to leave the hotel even earlier to be on time.
She suddenly sobered at her thoughts, actually feeling like she had a real job, not something like dancing at the club, which although sometimes felt like work, never gave her the impression of being an actual 'job.'
Jen had always wanted to go to college for a real job, but could never afford it. She and Dan had long ago planned on her going back to school once they married. Her thoughts were becoming an administrative assistant—very similar to Velvet's role—possibly at some law firm, working herself up the ranks until she might become a paralegal. And now, through the sheer luck of being born with a good figure and looks, she was the DSA Spokesmodel, vice president in charge of several hundred employees! Granted those employees were workers in the adult industry—strippers, porn actresses and the like—but she actually felt like she was WORKING.
It was an odd feeling as she picked up the phone and called for her car to take her to the hotel, knowing she needed to get to bed early to get back early in the morning.
While waiting for her car to arrive she relaxed in the adjoining room, snooping around and finding a fully stocked wet bar to which she helped herself to a large glass of Grey Goose on the rocks. Drink in hand she looked around the room some more, finding the bureau in the room to contain intimate apparel—all in her size—ranging from underwear and stockings to sexy lingerie. The nearby closet contained several dresses—again all sized to her—finding everything from club outfits to a formal gown. All the clothing was new, expensive, and as she noted earlier, all in her size. She recalled what Tim had told her about her entire wardrobe being provided and how it had not cost Mr. DeWight anything as she looked over the clothing, still not believing it was hers.
Her exploration was broken a few minutes later when her phone rang, announcing the arrival of her car at front of the building, so Jen headed down the elevator. She was again greeted by various people she did not know also leaving for the day, surprised to see the foyer as full of people as earlier in the day.
Once again she was aware of all the men's eyes on her, looking at her explicitly as her pulse again quicken as she exited the building.
Stepping out of the revolving glass door she was suddenly hit by the late summer heat, seeing the white limousine parked on the curb. Standing beside the car she recognized the same chauffer who had driven her earlier—and who had watched Mr. DeWight get her off she realized ashamedly.
The man smiled knowingly at her as he held open the door, helping her into the car before they headed to her hotel.
The car was cool from the air conditioner, and Jen could feel her nipples sticking out from her dress without even looking down. Several times she caught the limousine driver watching her through the rear view mirror, making her uncomfortable until she finally put up the divider between them. She noted the obvious displeasure on the man's face before the partition closed, but her thoughts were too busy going over the events of the day to worry about it as she leaned back into the leather seats.
She must have drifted off to sleep, as she was suddenly awoken to the car stopping. Before she could get her bearings the door opened revealing a young, cute bellhop who held out his hand to help her out of the car.
As the bellhop led her to the doors of the hotel she looked back, telling the limousine driver they needed to be at the office no later than 7:30 am—her wanting to get there early enough to settle in—asking him what time they should leave.
The driver once again looked at her angrily as he told her to be down no later than 6:15 am before he got back into the car and drove off.
She would have wondered on the driver's emotions had it not been for the bellhop who opened the door for her, drawing her attention from the receding limousine as she was hit by a blast of cold air, entering the air conditioned building and heading to the elevator.
She was amazed at the opulence of the hotel lobby, surprised when the elevator opened and there was actually a bellhop inside, asking her what floor. Another couple—an elderly gentleman and woman—also entered the elevator, and after the bellhop hit their 12th floor and her 20th floor, the doors closed.
As the elevator rose, Jen could not help but notice the elderly man's attention on her. Looking up at him, he smiled, so she smiled back. As the elevator doors opened and his female companion exited, she was suddenly startled as his hand reached out to her own, handing her a card.
After the elevator doors closed once again Jen looked at the card, seeing the man's name—James Blackwood—as well as his phone number. She could only stare at the card in shock and embarrassment as she realized he must have thought she was an escort girl in the hotel, feeling her face flushing at the knowing glance from the bellhop.
Thankfully the elevator reached her floor and she stepped out, following the signs to her room number, 2015.
Using the keycard to open the door, Jen stood in the doorway dumbfounded as she looked into the room—or suite, she corrected herself. Stepping into the suite she saw the main room was divided into a living room area, with a large king-sized bed on the other end. The living room area had a large plush L-shaped sofa, coffee table, and Victorian-era arm chair, a 42" television, and a full wet bar of to one side. The sleeping area was dominated by the large bed, an adjoining bathroom with a full-sized Jacuzzi tub and full glassed-in shower. Off from the living room/bedroom area was a sunken sunroom open to the city with a small dining table and four chairs, as well as a small tuffet to sit upon.
The room was extravagant, made up in dark and light beiges and browns with gold trim. In front of the bed was a small bench in bright red velvet, as well as a bouquet of red roses on a coffee table and red-trimmed towels in the bathroom, giving a stark contrast of color to the room.
Opening the closet, Jen was amazed at finding a complete wardrobe of at least a dozen club outfits, as many formal dresses, what she would consider 'stripper outfits,' as well as several gowns. In fact, there were more clothes than she could possibly wear in a week.
Fingering through the clothes, she noted one common theme—they were all made to fit her tightly and show off as much skin as possible.
Looking into the dresser drawers, she once again found a full complement of lingerie, underwear, stockings, and other intimate apparel, including several bikinis, again noting there were more clothes than she could possibly wear in one week's time.
Jen could not believe how much money must have been spent on the hotel room alone, let alone the clothing supplied—unable to believe Mr. DeWight would get this much clothing for free.
She was startled at the ringing of the phone, greeted by a man's voice on the other end. "Greetings Miss Diamond, this is the Concierge's Desk calling to make sure your room is to your liking," he asked her. After telling him it was lovely he continued, "If madam has not dined yet, our restaurant is located on the second floor; however, we also offer full room service," he told her.
Jen told him she was planning to retire early, stating room service would be much appreciated.
"Our chef's special for the evening consists of a salmon croquette with a blackened Hollandaise sauce, a side of spring green beans and fruit medley. I also recommend the blackberry crème brûlée for desert if you wish to indulge," he told her.
Jen told him the house special was fine, but would be skipping desert, the man telling her it would arrive in about thirty minutes.
As Jen hung up the phone her gaze once again fell upon the large oval shower stall in the bathroom with a dark marble finish. Deciding she had time for a shower before her food arrived, she stripped down, wanting to wash off the grime she felt on herself, wishing she could also get rid of the filthiness from all the leers she had gotten today as well as her body's abuse by the TSA officers, Mr. DeWight, and worst of all, Tim's sexual use of her.
Throwing the dress into a hamper in the closet—uncertain if it would be cleaned or replaced, there being no shortage of clothing—she stepped into the hot shower, sighing in pleasure at the feeling of the hot water running across her body.
Lathering up the soap from the hotel, the air filled with the scent of vanilla as Jen reveled in the soft lather on her body as she cleaned off.
Once cleaned she set the shower to the 'massage' setting, luxuriating in the feel of the water pulsing against her body, almost going into a daze as she reveled in the sensation.
Her reverie was broken by a man's voice announcing, "Room Service!" as Jen hurriedly turned off the water.
Hearing utensil noises coming from the outer room, she shouted, "One moment!" as she grabbed a towel.
She cursed at not having brought in a change of clothes, wrapping the bath towel around her. She had to adjust the towel several times, as it barely covered her breasts and pelvis, having to settle on exposing ample cleavage in order to cover her crotch as she stepped out of the bathroom, her skin glistening from the moisture.
She saw a bellhop setting the table in the sunroom, again marveling at the opulence of the hotel as she told him, his back turned, "Thank you, I really appreciate..."
Her voice trailed off as the bellhop turned around. Standing before her was none other than Nick, the computer geek FBI agent!
"What are you..." she started to ask before he quickly raised his hand to his mouth silencing her.
Pointing down to his other hand, Jen saw a small electronic device he was turning back and forth in front of him as he told her, "It's no problem ma'am, the table is set, I'll quickly check the wet bar and bathroom to make sure they are fully stocked before I leave you," he told her.
Jen watched as he moved around the room, his hand swaying the device he was holding back and forth as he walked through first the living room, then the bathroom.
Coming out, he smiled at her saying, "Sorry, had to sweep the room for bugs and videos just in case. Apparently DeWight does not feel the need to bug your hotel room, although you should check it each night just in case. He's been known to pull a fast one on us before," he told her, "but for now, the room is clean," he said smiling at her.
"What are you doing here?" she asked, repeating and finishing her earlier question.
"We arrived earlier today, but saw there was no video feed, although we had good audio. At first I thought it might be a problem with the camera, but as we started to see light changes, I realized you were probably wearing something covering your stomach," he told her to her nod. "Tomorrow if you don't mind wearing something that exposes your stomach, we'd like to get the image calibrated and hopefully a good idea of the building," he told her. "Although we have blueprints from the city architect's office, actually seeing the layout is much better," he told her.
Jen stood there as the FBI agent smiled at her, only able to nod at how her life seemed to be no longer under her control, but others—Mr. DeWight, the FBI, Tim, and so forth—as Nick continued.
"Also, I wanted to look at your tattoo to make sure it was healing properly," he said with a grin.
Before Jen could do anything, the man reached up and pulled off her towel, exposing her moist, naked body!
"What the..." she started to say startled, her voice trailing off in surprise as the man knelt in front of her.
Looking down, Jen saw him swing her navel ring with his finger—or belly-cam as they jokingly told her it was nicknamed.
"How's the video Alex?" he said obviously not to her.
Suddenly Jen gasped as the tattoo behind her sent a vibration through her body.
She heard Nick chuckle below her saying, "I guess that and the tattoo work fine."
Before Jen could say anything, the agent grabbed her hip and spun her around. She gasped as one of his hands—cool against her shower-heated skin—grasped her right ass cheek. She was about to ask him what he was doing when she felt his other hand touch the area of her tattoo.
"Any pain, tenderness, or odd sensations?" he asked, interrupting her thoughts.
Although his touch was intimate, he question was in a professional manner. Jen was about to answer, 'Besides your hand on my ass?' but thought better of it, instead saying, "No, it feels fine."
"Great!" he said standing up and moving in front of her, his eyes drawn to her bare breasts. "It's healing amazingly well. I can't even tell it was done twenty-four hours ago," he told her, his eyes never leaving her naked body.
Jen felt her body flush at his gaze. She was suddenly reminded how the young agent had finger-fucked her only yesterday with Dan standing right next to her.
Remembering his touch upon her and his heated gaze now she felt her breasts tighten, her nipples budding as her pulse sped up.
Nick grinned, as if reading her thoughts.
Getting upset at both his blatant attitude towards her and in an attempt to hide her reaction, she asked him, "Fine, if that's all you need?"
Picking up the towel, she nonchalantly rewrapped it around her body to show him he was not bothering her, to the agent's obvious disappointment.
In point of fact, being naked before the agent was causing all sorts of feelings to course through her. Although she had stripped for years and was comfortable with men looking at her bare body, environment was everything. In a club she could have danced on stage all night with him looking at her and not feeling conscientious about her nudity; however, here in a hotel room, alone with him, her body felt differently.
"Yes, that's all for now," he answered, his voice almost whiney with his disappointment. "We were able to hear you getting the key cards. I would only use your card for entering and finally leaving a room for good. If you have the opportunity to snoop around you should always use the Universal Key I gave you—it will prevent anybody from knowing you were moving around," he told her. "Also, Geiger has reported several of the girls at the Satin Kitty have gotten calls inquiring about your fiancé," he said.
"Dan?" she asked worriedly to the agent's shake of his head.
"Don't get worried yet. Nobody mentioned Dan's name," he told her. "It was a woman's voice we traced back to the corporate office. The questions were pretty ambiguous so there's no cause for alarm yet—asking if any of the girls had met your fiancé, knew his name, where he worked, that kind of thing. Somebody is obviously checking up on you, so you may want to talk to your friends and verify they are not blowing your covers," he advised.
Jen nodded with worry, wondering what would happen if Mr. DeWight found out Dan and her were together and what would happen. Based on Dan's comments, Mr. DeWight would undoubtedly relish teasing him of his control over Dan's fiancée, probably even parading her around in front of him, possibly degrading her in front of him! She felt appalled, not at what may happen to her, but her love's feelings, nodding at the FBI agent to call them.
"Use the phone we gave you," he told her. "We don't want to risk the hotel phones being listened in on," he said.
Once again Jen was sobered at the life she had been thrown into—one of surveillance devices, electronic tattoos, subterfuge, and crime. The feeling of being a spy once again returned to her as the agent bid her goodnight, wheeling the food service cart out of her room.
Looking at the table, Jen saw what she had ordered had been placed on the table and neatly arranged by the agent. She almost skipped eating, but knew she needed to keep her strength up so sat down, amazed at how good the food tasted.
Finished with her dinner and leaving the remains on the table for room service to clean up in the morning, she went to the dresser to look for something comfortable to wear to bed. Finding a cropped lacey camisole and boy short set which fit perfectly, she turned off the lights and crawled into bed.
Setting the alarm—she never liked wake-up calls—she saw it was only ten-o'clock. Early for her, but she had to get up early to make it to the office, so needed to get to sleep. It was still too early to call Dan, knowing he was meeting Mr. DeWight probably at this very moment to discuss the possibility of working for the company—enabling the FBI to have two informants in the company.
Lying in bed she thought about her day, wondering what else could happen or how worse it would get before they could finally be free of Mr. DeWight, enabling her and Dan to finally settle down to a peaceful and quiet life.
As her thoughts continued running through her mind, she slowly drifted to sleep.
********************
The alarm blaring next to the bed—a loud 'beep-buzzing' filling the room—woke Jen up with a start. She pulled her pillow over her head, mentally berating Dan for having set the alarm so loud.
Then once again reality crashed down upon her consciousness as she realized Dan was not here—she was alone in a strange hotel room and the alarm volume was set by her last night when she went to bed. She felt a moment of déjà vu as she looked at the clock, reading 5:30 A.M. glowing red from the hotel alarm clock.
Once again her mind and body rebelled against getting up so early—there were many nights she had danced and not even gone to bed until this time—but she grudgingly got out of bed.
While her coffee brewed in the pot supplied by the hotel she sat down at the vanity. Grabbing her make-up bag and pulling out her assorted items, she got ready for work.
Work—the word sounded almost foreign to her as she thought of the responsibilities she was now in charge of beyond stripping and fucking strangers.
She was suddenly startled by the phone ringing.
Getting up and answering it, she was abruptly silenced by Mr. DeWight's angry voice.
"Diamond, what the fuck is going on over there? I cannot leave you for half a day before I get complaints," he was stating.
Jen was taken aback, as the only people she had dealt with were Velvet and the woman at Human Resources. Telling Mr. DeWight exactly that, she heard silence over the phone.
Finally he said, "What is your role in this company?" she heard the voice state angrily.
Jen knew instantly not to be sarcastic or glib, the tone of his voice removing all sleep within her. Instead she picked up the papers she had gotten from HR yesterday and read from the document. "I am the physical representation of Divine Silk Attractions Incorporated and the adult entertainment it provides," she read to her boss over the phone. "I am employed in the positions of an exotic dancer to sell the fantasy of seduction—that of a beautiful woman desiring to strip alluringly before customers—as well as a model and actress to demonstrate the reality of that fantasy and how open to sex I am. My role as a DSA Spokesmodel presents the average consumer those fantasies as an attainable reality. I am the epitome of all DSA represents," she finished reading from the job description.
Having read the clause several times at HR, she felt as if she was stating a 'lawyer-ized' version of being a whore.
There was another pause on the other end of the phone until Mr. DeWight finally stated, "OK, you are obviously reading the official description, but do you UNDERSTAND it?" he said over the phone. Before she could answer he continued, "The most important part of that entire statement is you are the physical representation of DSA, an adult entertainment industry. As such you are a living breathing advertisement of sex. You will hear this from the PR reps today, but you are to always be the manifestation of sex; you are to dress sexy, to show off your body in as public a display as possible," he stated, "and to have men wanting you more and more," he said.
"I understand," Jen said, starting to feel a panic attack at the blatant realization of her job.
Mr. DeWight's voice broke her despair as his voice once again came over the phone receiver. "Then can you explain to me why I got a call from Larry—who has been with the company for almost ten years mind you—stating he no longer wishes to work with you because you insulted him?" Mr. DeWight asked.
"Who's Larry?" she asked herself out loud. Jen could not recall many of the men's names Mr. DeWight or Velvet had introduced her to, but she did not remember any of them being named Larry.
"Your chauffer," Mr. DeWight answered her, saying, "somebody I placed on permanent assignment for you as I have your assistant. These people are your very own personal entourage to handle all your administrative tasks and make sure you get to where you need to be," he told her. "So can you tell me after one day of working why he feels the need to request a transfer?" his voice came over the phone accusingly.
Jen's mind was a blank as she exclaimed, "I don't know, I only saw him twice!"
"Please tell me," the voice over the phone stated.
"Well, the first you know, when we drove from the airport to the office," she said.
"And what happened then?" he asked, as if he had not been present and that he himself had not finger-fucked her in the car.
"You..." she began and paused in embarrassment, finally saying, "You got me off," she said ashamedly.
"Yes," Mr. DeWight's voice came across the phone matter-of-factly as if he were discussing something as common as the sun rising. "I did that to calm your nerves. If your body is relaxed after an orgasm—something that is beautiful to watch you have by the way," he chuckled, causing her to blush, "Anyways, if you're relaxed after that I figured you would not be nervous about everything else being heaped upon you, such as becoming the vice president of the all the female entertainment and the responsibilities for that position," he chuckled. "Besides, it was a good tip to Larry," he said with another chuckle to Jen's embarrassment. "So what about last night?" he asked, "What happened?"
"Nothing!" she said. "He picked me up at the office, opened the door for me, and took me to the hotel," she told her boss.
"Did anything happen in the car?" he asked pointedly.
"Nothing!" she exclaimed. "In fact, after I got into the car and closed the partition, I fell asleep until we arrived at the hotel," she told him with exasperation.
"Wait," Mr. DeWight said after a moment. "You closed the partition?" he asked her.
"Well, yes," Jen answered. "It had been a long day and, well...uh...his stares were making me nervous," she admitted.
Mr. DeWight laughed over the phone. "My dear, did I not just ask if you understood your role as a DSA Spokesmodel?" his voice said over the receiver. "You are employed to be seen, to publicly expose yourself within the limits of the law, not to hide yourself," he said.
Jen started to answer when Mr. DeWight interrupted her.
"That includes those who work with or for you. Larry has been assigned to drive the most seductive and beautiful woman the company has ever employed, and although he gets paid, his own personal enjoyment is to be able to LOOK at that person each and every day," Mr. DeWight said.
Jen felt like she was being berated by a principal at school as she muttered, "I'm sorry."
"It's not me you need to apologize to," Mr. DeWight told her, "it is Larry. But now that I know what his grievance is, I think I know the perfect way to make up for this," he told her, as if keeping her driver happy was one of her jobs.
"Are you dressed yet?" he suddenly asked.
Startled at the change in conversation Jen explained how she had just woken up.
"Good," Mr. DeWight said. "This is what I want you to do. Instead of getting dressed I want you to put on a robe with your shoes. When Larry calls from downstairs to announce his arrival I want you to head to the car with your clothes still in the robe—you can get dressed in the back seat," Mr. DeWight told her, "WITHOUT closing the partition," he stated pointedly.
"What?" Jen exclaimed. "You want me to be naked in front of him?" she asked incredulously.
"Well, not in front of him, but the angle doesn't matter. You are a stripper for Christ's sake," Mr. DeWight said, his voice once again becoming angry. "What the fuck is the problem?" he asked. "It's not like I'm asking you to suck him off or fuck him, although that would probably appease him more," he threatened to her over the phone.
Jen's mind was shocked as she quickly said, "No, no, there's no problem. I was just clarifying," she said as her mind swirled in confusion.
"Good," Mr. DeWight's voice came across the phone, his tone indicating he was used to his orders being followed without question. "I do NOT want to hear of any other problems this week," he told her. "I will see you Thursday to discuss your debut party as well as your syndication party next week," he said to her in way of dismissal.
Before Jen could ask any questions—her mind wondering what he was talking about in terms of a syndication party—he hung up, leaving her standing in the room with the phone, dressed in nothing more than her half-chemise and boy-shorts.
Again she felt like she had been berated by a principal or scolded by her parents.
Suddenly the phone rang again as Jen wondered what else Mr. DeWight was going to scold her about.
Picking up the phone she heard a deep voice say, "Ma'am, this is Laurence your driver, the car is waiting in the front of the hotel," the chauffer said.
Jen looked at the clock and saw it reading 6:15 am—exactly the time he said he would arrive, she was now running late!
"Oh, alright," she said over the phone, "I'll be right down," she told him hanging up the phone.
Her thoughts were in turmoil, both at being late and Mr. DeWight's demand. Could she really go through with he had told her? Then she laughed, saying to herself in the room, "What the fuck am I worried about," she reasoned to herself out loud, "I dance naked in front of guys all the time," she scolded to herself, admitting Mr. DeWight was right. It was just the driver, and she could mentally pretend it was a private VIP show which she had done hundreds of times to guys whose names she did not even know.
Going to the closet Jen knew she had to pick something quickly so she would not be any later. In the back of her mind she also remembered Nick requesting an outfit which left her stomach bare for the surveillance camera she was wearing. Unfortunately she had not taken inventory of all the outfits she had been provided, so did not know which ones may or may not leave her stomach bare.
Thinking about the dress she had worn yesterday, her thoughts turned to both Tim and Mr. DeWight feeling her up. Without any panties, in combination with the thin material, it had been easy for them to reach beneath her dress, taking advantage of her accessible body beneath the outfit.
Although neither of those particularly men were going to be near her today, thoughts of preventing similar occurrences came to her mind. It would be a small victory, but her thoughts still caused her to smile. Her life had begun to spin out of her own control, and even a small decision such as wearing pants—which could still be sexy—and deny any intimate groping was something she could control. Continuing to smile to herself, Jen grabbed a pair of black leather pants hanging in the closet she had noticed last night.
She threw the pants, still on the hanger, on to her bed, not bothering to check the size. She was already running late and having to try on the pants would take too long. She reasoned since she had already tried on a few clothes from Mr. DeWight's selection and they had all fit, she was trusting these would be the same.
Looking in the dresser she found what looked to be a black halter top which matched the leather pants, so threw it on top of the leather pants on the bed, figuring that would appease the FBI agents and their belly-cam views.
Finally, opening her underwear drawer, she found a black thong as she expected, knowing it to be a staple wear for any stripper. In fact, she noticed several similar thongs, thankful for the spares.
Not wanting the car to wait too long, Jen quickly took off her sleeping attire and pulled the thong up over her long legs. She planned on wearing her pants low, so pulled the thong's straps high over her hips, making them a sexy accessory.
Grabbing a hotel robe, she quickly tied it up around her almost nude body and finally looked into the closet for a pair of shoes. Immediately her eyes fell on a pair of black leather six-inch heeled pumps. It was not the shoes catching her eye but the red soles, and reaching for the shoes her eyes opened wide seeing the Christian Louboutin logo inside.
Slipping the pair of Daffodile pumps on, she could not help but admire her reflection in the mirror. Although wearing nothing but a thin terry cloth robe, she recognized the red soles and heels would contrast with her black ensemble perfectly, and even now accentuated her legs admirably.
Looking back at the clock, she saw it was already 6:30 am. Hating herself for being late, she hurriedly grabbing the rest of the clothes from the bed and quickly left the hotel room, barely thinking about showing off her body to the chauffer in her rush to not be late on her first day of actual work at corporate headquarters.
Jen was thankful not many people were up this early, only drawing the stares of a few of the hotel staff at the counter as her heels 'click-clicked' loudly through the lobby. Even so, she wondered what they thought seeing her dressed only in heels and her hotel robe.
Laurence—Larry's—eyebrows rose seeing her come outside in nothing but a robe, the bundle of clothes tucked beneath her arms as she shrugged her shoulders, trying to pretend it was nothing. "I knew you were waiting and didn't want to waste your time," she told him as he held open the car door for her.
Sliding into the backseat, the door shutting after she got inside, Jen gave an involuntary gasp as the cool leather seats pressed against her bare butt cheeks while she waited for Laurence to get into the driver's seat.
The partition was already down, and Jen saw the man look back at her in the rear view mirror. Without a word he pulled out of the hotel drive as she looked at him, her nerves starting to get the better of her.
Once more Jen silently admonished herself. She was already wearing a thong, which was more than what she had worn on her most recent nights dancing, so she should be nervous at another man seeing her tits.
Then she realized the problem. This was somebody she worked with—although it was a new experience having her own personal driver—and she was feeling the same self-conscious nerves when the guys working at the club noticed her body. She had always felt nervous when she had caught Brutus, Greg, or even John looking at her, also recalling her unease when Tim watched her so blatantly. Those feelings were exactly how she was feeling about stripping in the back seat of the car with the chauffeur looking on.
Also, as she had thought to herself yesterday, the environment made quite a bit of difference. If she were at the club she would not have any qualms about stripping in front of somebody, but in the confines of the limousine, visible even to the public, caused her to be nervous.
Jen realized it was her mental state making all the difference, amazed at how powerful her subconscious could be, differentiating between being naked at the club and being in public without her even aware.
What she needed to do was take on her 'stripper persona' as she called it. In fact, she now understood the position and roles which Mr. DeWight's demanded and expected of her required her to be in her stripper persona most of the time, which was what he had been trying to make her understand this morning on the phone. She was expected to behave in public as she was in the privacy of the clubs.
She had been treating yesterday and even this morning as if she were working an actual office job, causing her mindset to think like a business professional, not consciously working for an adult entertainment company. From now on she needed to be more Diamond than Jennifer Simmons.
This sudden revelation caused her to finally make her decision.
Yelling up to the front, she said, "I hope you don't mind me changing back here, I was running late."
The man's eyes met hers through the rearview mirror as he asked, "Would you like me to close the partition ma'am?"
Although she knew he was being polite, Mr. DeWight's orders about making up to the driver came back to her as she took a deep breath and quickly told him no, she would be fine.
Seeing his grin even through the mirror, Jen took another deep breath and slid the robe off her shoulders, briefly squirming as she pulled the robe from beneath her, until she was in the back seat topless, wearing nothing but her thong and high-heeled shoes.
The interior of the car was cool, but it was not until she glanced up and saw the intent gaze of the chauffer through the mirror that she felt her nipples harden, her breath catching at the direct attention the driver had on her. She felt her pulse speed up, the distinctive tingle between her legs surprising her.
Why was she getting turned on at her driver seeing her naked, she wondered? She stripped all the time at the club and never got aroused.
Then she corrected herself, admitting she always felt a thrill stripping—it was partially why she did it—but lately she had been becoming more and more aroused by the looks and attention of men around her. Ever since Mr. DeWight had begun forcing her to display herself so openly to the crowd a few weeks ago she had been feeling increasingly aroused at men's attention. Him making her strip nude, then having her allow customers the freedom to touch her intimately, seemed to have caused her desire to become more and more responsive.
As she sat in the back seat topless, the chauffeur watching her intently, Jen recalled how aroused she had gotten the first time over a week ago when she had exposed herself completely at the club, even if she had been drugged. Her arousal had been further fueled succumbing to Mr. DeWight's suggestions, behaving so inappropriately before Tim and the construction workers. And then she recalled her blatant promiscuity at the FBI surveillance site, something she would not have even suggested weeks before Mr. DeWight had come into her life.
As if each event was powered from the last, no matter what her mind knew to be wrong, her body was becoming increasingly more and more reactive to being a sexual object.
Even now, with only a single man looking upon her she felt her blood racing, the crotch of her thong becoming moist as her body manifested its flood of desire. Maybe Mr. DeWight was right, she thought, maybe she was born to be a DSA Spokesmodel and was only now realizing it.
Suddenly thoughts of Dan came to her, the man she was in love with. She remembered before Mr. DeWight had arrived how their lives had been happy. She knew without any uncertainty that was where she wanted to be, this was only the means to an end.
She could not control the involuntary arousal of her body, but she would not lose sight of the ultimate goal, to put Mr. DeWight behind bars and get away from her binding contract, allowing her and Dan to spend the rest of their lives together.
Her reverie was broken by the voice of the chauffeur, asking if she minded if he turned on the radio. Startled, Jen told him it would be fine—music always soothed her and she was actually thankful for the suggestion.
Although expecting it, she was slightly startled when the speakers around the limo began playing a heavy beat, recognizing Muse's 'Madness' from one of Mary's sets.
Almost instantly she began to calm, the music helping her relax as she pushed her negative thoughts from her mind. Girding herself against her negative thoughts, she reached for the pants on the hanger to start to get dressed.
Unsnapping the lock bar which had kept the pants from slipping off the hanger, thankful for them with her rush to get into the car, she pulled the soft leather off the hanger.
Suddenly her mind went numb as she held two pieces of leather in each hand!
"Fuck!" she said vehemently.
"Is there a problem ma'am?" asked the chauffer looking back at her, his eyes more on her naked chest than in any concern over her wellbeing.
Jen had completely forgotten about him as she stared at the two tubes of leather which had separated in her hands, barely noticing the chauffer's attention on her body as she told him, "No, no, nothing."
She stared stupidly at the two pieces of leather wondering how she could have been so stupid, deciding to make an inventory of the clothes in her hotel room her top priority when she returned tonight.
Up until now she had thought she had grabbed a pair of leather pants fastened on the hanger; however, as she looked at the two pieces she realized her mistake, holding instead a pair of dancer chaps in her hands. She immediately recognized the style, not being the types which were basically pants with the crotch cut out, but to her shock and embarrassment the type simply composed of two leggings of leather which tied around her thighs leaving her entire pelvis bare!
What the hell was she going to do, she wondered? Wearing these would basically mean she would be walking around in nothing but her thong!
She noticed the song over the radio stereo ending and Velvet Acid Christ's 'Slut' coming on as she thought it an appropriate title for her predicament.
About to tell the driver to go back to the hotel so she could get something more appropriate, she saw the DSA building looming ahead of them in the distance—they were almost to the building!
Jen had worn similar chaps at the club—it was actually standard stripper gear—but whereas some stripper outfits could be worn in public, these were definitely not one of them. Jen often wore some outfits going to and from work or even when she was going to a private party, and she had a photo-shoot today so she might get away explaining she had dressed for it; even so, she wondered how she could she waltz around in a corporate office dressed in chaps, recalling the professional attire and business suits all the men had worn.
Then she thought about the dresses she had seen on the women—the tight short dress worn by Velvet. Even the older women such as Elsie and the Human Resource agents had worn clothing leaving little to the imagination about their bodies beneath the cloth.
Still, this was too much. How could she parade around the corporate office in nothing but a thong?
Then again, she reasoned, playing Devil's Advocate with her own thoughts as each contradicted the other, she was the vice president of strippers—or Ecdysiast Services—so would it be a stretch for her to go to work dressed as one?
Looking at the digital clock in the limo she saw it was already 7:38 A. M—she had a meeting at eight o'clock, so returning to the hotel would mean she would be late.
Suddenly she recalled the clothes in her office!
She thought briefly about wearing the robe up to her office and changing, immediately discarding the idea as she looked at the fluffy terry robe—she would look even more ridiculous wearing it than the chaps.
It was not like she was going naked, she counter-reasoned, and she HAD worn less at the club.
The music soundtrack changing to Blue Foundation's 'Eyes on Fire' grabbed her attention as she realized she had been sitting lost in her thoughts for too long.
Finally deciding she would have to make do with what she had and live with the consequences, she gave a large sigh of resignation as she pulled the soft leather up her right leg. The back of the legging had a leather tie to tighten around her thigh, so pulling her leg up on the seat tied it snuggly, knowing when she extended her leg her muscle would unclench and loosen it—the last thing she needed was to be walking and have the chaps fall around her ankles!
Repeating and tying the second legging, she grabbed the cloth bundle of her top, almost afraid of what she would find. As she held it up, she felt relief at it being a simple wraparound halter top like she had first thought.
Glancing up front, she noticed Larry had moved the rearview mirror, angling it downwards as she suddenly blushed in comprehension, knowing the view he had when she had pulled up her legs to tie the chaps around her thighs.
"Well, Mr. DeWight wanted me to give him a show, he sure got one hell of one!" she though as she took a deep breath, once again catching the driver's attention as chest swelled with her intake of air.
Once again she could feel her breasts responding to the man's gaze, so without another pause looped the top around her neck and pulled the material across her breasts—to Laurence's obvious and expected disappointment. Having worn similar tops before, she did not pause as she wrapped the fabric behind her, winding the long material around her once more as the straps formed an 'X' above her navel before tying it behind her.
The material was a thin polyester blend which clung to her body like a second skin, her hard nipples clearly outlined through the material; however, the black material hid them better than the white material of her dress the day before, and the top was modest compared to what she was wearing on her legs.
Her nerves were completely frazzled, wondering how she was going to have the courage to get out of the car as Evanescence's 'Good Enough' came on over the speakers, the soft melody somewhat calming her nerves. By the time they reached the building she was breathing normally as she listened to the eerily relaxing song.
Slowly she mentally focused her thoughts on her stripper persona, knowing it would help curb some of her embarrassment wearing something so provocative to work, even allowing her to maintain a smile while walking into the building partially naked, her thoughts centering on this being merely another performance.
The car stopping brought her attention back to the here and now, the door opening a few moments later as Laurence helped her out of the car.
Diamond felt an involuntary thrill course through her as the man looked at her outfit while she got out of the limo, his face smiling openly as she thanked him.
Taking a deep breath to again calm her nerves, she walked purposely through the courtyard and towards the building, knowing her bare ass cheeks were swaying and her driver's gaze upon them the entire time she walked.
There were only few people in the courtyard compared to when she had arrived the day before, to which she was thankful. Of the few she did run into, they all smiled at her, or her outfit, as she continued to walk to the entrance of the building, maintaining her demeanor and smile regardless of how her nerves were churning inside her stomach.
Entering the building, she was startled when first one, and then another person began clapping for her, until once again she received a loud applause from everybody in the lobby. Oddly being recognized in such a fashion gave her a thrill akin to dancing on stage, and she immediately fell into her stripper persona, smiling at the people applauding her as she proceeded more confidently towards the elevators.
The cool blast of wind from the air conditioners on her bare ass was a reminder of how exposed she was; however, the tightness of her breasts and hardness of her nipples had little to do with the temperature as she walked up to a group of men in suits waiting for the elevator. All conversation immediately stopped as Jen walked towards them, unconsciously exaggerating the sway of her hips as they all stared openly at her body.
Her physiology immediately responded from their blatant attention as she felt her breath catch, her breasts tightening. A brief thought came to her hoping she had another thong upstairs as the dampness between her legs became more pronounced.
The men greeted her, "Good morning Diamond!" their chorus of well-wishes causing her to smile.
She recalled her schedule for the day and her 'excuse' for her attire, immediately smiling and telling them, "Photo shoot today," as if to explain her outfit as several smiled knowingly as if they understood.
"Well, you look stunning," one man told her as the bell to the elevator rang. Jen smiled in return, her mindset in full stripper mode as she followed the group of me into the small cube without hesitation.
Hearing several of the men give out numbers to the floor, she said loudly "Twenty-five please," as the doors closed.
She was surrounded by men—the elevator full enough several were slightly touching her. Dressed like she was ready to give a routine at the club, she felt another thrill run through her at the close contact of male bodies around her.
"Uh, Diamond, we need your badge, the twenty-fifth floor is reserved," one man told her.
Jen blushed in embarrassment as she reached into her handbag and clumsily pulled out the badge she had been given the day before, which a young man took at passed in front of the reader, then pressing the '25' button.
Her embarrassment was compounded as all the men stared at her body while she got out her badge and gave it to the man, all previous composure lost as she felt foolish for her faux pas.
"Don't worry ma'am," another man in a grey suit told her with a smile, "A woman as beautiful and sexy as you can make all the new employee mistakes she wants as long as it means we have longer to look at you," he said.
The men around her all agreed as she felt herself again blush, only less now from embarrassment as the elevator began to move.
The bell rang and the doors opened as a man from behind her said, "Excuse me." Jen was startled as his hands grasped her bare waist as he shimmied past her, her eyes opening as his hand slide down and felt her bare ass, sliding across her skin as the man exited the elevator.
Another man followed him out from the other side of her and as he passed her, Jen tightened her ass reflexively as he too cupped her ass cheek before leaving, the grin on his face obvious as the elevator doors closed.
Another me hand immediately touched her ass as the elevator rose, and then as each man got to their floor, the exiting scene repeated—the men sliding past her to exit and getting a quick feel of her ass. Each time the doors closed the men repositioned themselves, such that there was always somebody behind her touching her ass, moving in such concerted effort she wondered if they had done this before.
The touch of the men did not bother her, particularly now that her mindset was in full stripper mode. In fact, she felt her pulse quickening at the close contact of men. She was Diamond, the DSA Spokesmodel, a porn star and stripper, and although surprised at the men's audacity, could understand it. This was no different from the club, she reasoned, where men would grab her ass at almost every table dance.
By the time the elevator moved up to the eighteenth floor only two men remained, both of them conspicuously behind her. With only the two of them, neither was touching her ass now, the lack of a crowd to spur them on putting the men in more of a corporate mentality. Even with her being the company slut, they were acting more professional.
Thinking about it, Jen suddenly was overcome with perverse bravado as she said, "You know, you don't have to wait to leave the elevator to touch my," she heard her voice say.
It was as if another person were in her body, her mind looking down from the ceiling. What the hell was she doing?
The question echoed through her mind as soon as the words left her mouth; yet the men were unaware of her inner turmoil, as she suddenly felt both men's hands upon her ass—one per cheek.
As quickly as they touched her, Jen felt her body suffuse with desire once more, her breasts tightening and her pulse speeding up.
Wondering what had gotten into her, she suddenly took in a large intake of air, gasping as first one, then the other man slowly squeezed her yielding ass flesh.
The elevator door opening startled her, both men releasing her and exiting as they thanked her, the doors closing on her shocked face as the elevator took her to her own floor alone, her body wound up in lust.
Velvet was already in her office sitting at her desk and as Jen walked in, her eyes widening.
"Wow, you look fantastic!" she exclaimed. "I would never have the nerve to wear my club wear at the office," she said.
Jen was about to tell her it was not on purpose and she was about to change when the young assistant continued.
"The PR office called at 7:30," Velvet said with exasperation, "apparently there was some mix-up with the time of your appointments, so we need to get up there now!" the attractive assistant said.
"But..." Jen started as the assistant interrupted her, mistaking what she was about to say.
"Don't worry, I got you a cup of coffee," she said, handing her a large covered mug. "Moderate cream with no sugar," she said, smiling as Jen looked at her in surprise. "I called and asked one of the girls at the Satin Kitty," she explained as she guided Jen out the double glass doors and back to the elevators.
As they walked down the hall, Jen noticed Velvet looking at her as the assistant smiled, saying, "You definitely have the body to pull off those chaps!" she exclaimed. "I think my ass is too flabby to be shown off all the time like that," she said.
Although it was a compliment, Jen was still flustered knowing she would not have time to change as she originally thought. As the elevator doors opened and they both stepped in, she was hit by a sudden moment of déjà vu as the topic of conversation—namely her ass—on display caused Jen's mind to recall the two men in the elevator.
Her eyes widened as they stopped at the eighteenth floor and got out, Velvet guiding her through a maze of office cubes as Jen literally felt everybody's eyes upon her—or more precisely, her ass. She suddenly saw the two men in the elevator, both of them smiling at her and it was as if a light had been flicked on within her. Instead of being embarrassed, she once again felt a thrill run through her body as she smiled at the two men, feeding off of the attention she received.
Soon Jen was sitting in a plush office, her ass warmed by a suede leather chair as an extremely attractive red-headed woman sat across from her, who had introduced herself earlier as Scarlett, head of the Public Relations office at DSA.
The nom de guerre was obviously taken from the woman's long dark red hair, and it, in combination with her figure, implied her having been, or still was, a dancer. Her clothes—as with Velvet's and other women she had seen at the office—did little to hide her body, showing off full breasts almost spilling out of the low-cut silk blouse she was wearing, while her tanned muscular legs were fully apparent as she crossed them while sitting across from Jen, her 13" black business skirt hiking up almost to her hips.
"I am going to skip with the pleasantries," the woman said abruptly as soon as Velvet closed the office door behind her. "I have found I rarely come across most dancers I talk to ever again, and even though you will have more media exposure than most, it is doubtful we will talk or ever become close friends," she stated with candor.
Jen was surprised at the woman's ferocity, wondering if she acted this way all the time, including at the club, as the woman's demeanor definitely indicated she was also a dancer. Jen realized this was exactly the personality she had been careful to avoid at the club—the bitchy dancer who although attractive, never could understand why she did not rake in the big tips. These types of dancers did not understand how men were immediately turned off by their personality.
"Look," the woman was saying, "I've heard it all. I don't care if you were blackmailed into this position, if Mr. DeWight cut your cat's throat and threatened to do the same with your loved ones, or if you are the world's biggest slut looking to fuck the entire population," she said, blatantly looking at Jen's attire as she said the last. "My job is to tell you exactly how you are to behave before the public, and by that I don't mean the average horny asshole seeing you in a club," she said, leaving no doubt in Jen's mind as to her opinion of the men who visited the clubs, "but the Paparazzi who will more-than-likely follow you everywhere you go," the woman said.
"The bottom line is you should act at all times like you are on the camera. Your success relies upon your ability to make the public know without any doubt you are the living, breathing entity of this company. At any point, whenever you are portrayed in the news there should be no doubts amongst anybody's mind that you are a willing, sexually inclined woman," Scarlet told her.
Although taken aback by the woman's pissy attitude, Jen listened to every word. Scarlet may be mad at the word for her lot in life, may even hate stripping or maybe even believed SHE should be the DSA Spokesmodel and not Jen, but the bottom line was she was in charge of the PR office for her knowledge and expertise on presenting the company to the public, so she needed to be heeded, particularly since Jen had never been in such a public oriented position before.
"In simple terms," the woman said to her, "you are a slut." Seeing Jen's expression, the woman shrugged, her breasts bouncing with her movements making it obvious she was not wearing a bra, as the woman continued. "Don't take offense, all of us who work for Mr. DeWight are sluts, it's just you are the publicly facing slut of the company. You've read your job description, so to be blunt this company sells sex, it exploits woman, and it portrays them as nothing but beautiful nymphomaniacs willing to spread their legs for every Tom's hairy dick that comes along," she said, Jen almost grinning at the woman's bitter attitude and twist of words.
"Your actions portray this company, and this company is about sex. Anytime you go outside—whether to the mailbox, shopping, or to work—you are to dress seductively, you are to act seductively, and you are demonstrate to everybody you have no qualms about being so willing" she said.
Looking down her long nose at Jen, she again shrugged, her breasts bouncing again and distracting Jen as the woman told her, "I see you have the look down, so you should work on your attitude."
Turning around, the red-headed woman pressed a button which turned on the television in the corner of the room. It took a few moments for Jen to realize it was footage of herself and Mr. DeWight at the airport, the video feed obviously from one of the reporters who had met them yesterday.
"Now," the woman said, pointing to the screen, "do you think you look sexy there?" she asked pausing the video. "Granted you're wearing a sexy dress, and your body is more than sufficient to fill it out, but look at your face. You look like the dumb country girl who suddenly is thrusted into the big city. You have a deer in the headlights look which is not appealing to anybody." the woman said, sneering at Jen.
Although her words were cruel, Jen knew them to be correct as she looked at her shocked face on the screen, almost comical, exactly how the Scarlett described she realized ashamedly.
The woman advanced the feed as Mr. DeWight raise his hand, the screen pausing yet again.
"See how Mr. DeWight takes control of the crowd?" she asked. "Those men's full attention are on HIM, not YOU," she said with exasperation. "You should be the center of their attention for Christ's sake. You are the DSA Spokesmodel surrounded by a bunch of guys who would fuck you at the drop of your panties and they are looking at the man next to you!" she exclaimed. "The first rule of thumb is to ALWAYS be the center of attention. Hell, if you have to drop your top and show them your bare tits at least you would have their attention. You've worked the club, you know how to fake seductiveness, you should have that look at all times," she said sneeringly at Jen as she continued to video feed.
Jen watched embarrassed as the image of her on the screen was asked one question after another by the reporters, her voice hesitant and shy as the image paused.
"Do I even need to state how that looks?" the woman asked to Jen's chagrin. "Sure the cute shy girl act is enticing for some men, but at this point you should be sticking your chest out, licking your lips, smiling, and making eye contact with each and every guy around you. And don't forget your hands, they should be absently adjusting your top, smoothing out your skirt on your ass, anything to draw attention to yourself. You know the tricks," she said, again confirming Jen's thoughts of her being a dancer. "What the hell do you think your tips would be in the club if you acted this way?" the woman asked.
Jen felt like she was two inches tall as the woman criticized her over and over.
"I've seen you dance. You are exotic, sexy, and I will grudgingly admit you capture every guy's attention around you like you have each of their dicks on a leash," the woman said crudely. "You should treat these fuckers with the same respect," she said waving to the television and obviously meaning the reporters. "They are the audience, not you. You are the seductive enchantress and should control every situation," she said.
Although blunt, the woman's words were correct as Jen watched the continuation of the video, up through the point where Mr. DeWight told the reporter to touch her chest.
"This part is completely unacceptable. Mr. DeWight should not be the one who should have suggested feeling you up," the red-headed woman admonished. "And notice he is in fact turning the attention back to you and away from himself. You should not rely on others to make you the focus of attention, but should be doing it without any urging," the woman said. "Look at your face, you are acting like it's the first time somebody grabbed your tit. Your body language is all wrong, you should be leaning into him, looking like his hand upon you is the best fucking thing you have ever felt," she said.
The woman continued after the video ended telling Jen she needed to get rid of any shyness she had about being in the public eye and that as a DSA Spokesmodel she needed to act as well as be the epitome of the adult entertainment industry.
"When somebody talks about DSA, their thoughts should immediately turn to Diamond, and once they turn to you they should be imagining you willing to fuck them. Playboy bunnies are the girls men think about how nice their tits were, or how great a body they have. When they think of you, they should be thinking about their dick in your mouth or between your legs," she said.
Seeing Jen's wide eyes the woman shook her head, "Whether you do or not do what they think is your own personal thing," the woman said as if Jen willingly spread her legs for everybody. "The bottom line is they need to THINK would do those things, and the only way to do that is to be the most seductive, 'fuckable' woman they have ever met. You need to tease, you need to tempt, you need flirt, and you need to proposition them. Mr. DeWight is not going to be there all the time you are confronted by reporters, so the next time you are in front of them your success and the success of this company are hinging on how much of a believable slut you present yourself," the woman said in closing.
Jen had read her job description. She had been told by Mr. DeWight what was expected of her. She had even been degraded by him and told how to act. But this woman explained it in a brutal, 'in your face' way even Jen could finally comprehend.
The woman had left no doubts in her mind if she did not start acting as expected, she could very well find herself in a deep dark hole with only the missing FBI woman Agent Geiger had mentioned for company.
Leaving the PR office Jen felt as if she had been scolded by a principal from school, her whole disposition and attitude at a rock-bottom low.
Velvet met her outside the office in order to guide her back, and seeing Jen's expression, became visibly concerned.
Jen told her about the session and Velvet laughed. "I've heard Scarlet is a real bitch, but thankfully, most of us girls never have to meet with her here at the office. She sometimes dances at the club, but nobody talks to her—she always has a bitchy attitude. It gets worse as the night goes on because even though she's a looker she doesn't get very good tips—men always can spot trouble when they look at her," she said, confirming Jen's earlier thoughts and suspicions about the woman.
Entering the elevator—Jen getting several appreciative looks from the men inside, she ignored then and listened to Velvet talk about the Garden of Eden, the first club Mr. DeWight had ever owned.
Her assistant took her to the fourth floor and led her into a suite of offices reminding Jen of a doctor's office.
"Where are we?" she asked as her assistant told her they were here for her next appointment, her physical examination.
Apparently her first impression was correct as she was checked in and instantly led by a nurse into an examination room, who asked her to please to strip down before leaving the room.
Jen looked around for an exam gown, but did not find anything as she reluctantly took off first her halter top, then her shoes, and finally her leggings/chaps until she was wearing nothing but her thong.
The nurse came back in and took her blood pressure as well as some blood for what she explained was a routine check for STD's and such. She explained all DSA employees were tested at least once a year—and as Diamond's employment exposed her to multiple partners, she and other models like her would be tested every two to three weeks.
Jen had not given much thought to the medical dangers she was being exposed to, the sobering thought almost scaring her as the nurse gathered her supplies, looking at Jen and telling her, "The doctor will be with you in a moment. Please make sure you take off the thong as well," she instructed.
Jen asked if there was an exam gown or something she could wear and the nurse burst out laughing. "A stripper shy about being naked? You are funny," she said. "If you are cold, I can turn up the thermostat, would you like that?" she asked.
Jen suddenly felt embarrassed at her question. The nurse had a point and she recalled Mr. DeWight's comment about her needing to be naked more often in order to get used to it, so she told the nurse she was fine as the other woman left the room.
Still slightly embarrassed, Jen took off her thong, embarrassed when she saw the dried crotch from her earlier arousal. Immediately she rinsed the thong in the sink, drying it as much as possible before putting it with the rest of her clothes and sitting down on the examination table.
While waiting she looked around the room, observing the usual medical gear—tongue depressors, cotton-tipped applicators, cotton balls, and so forth. Her heart skipped a beat as she noticed the gynecological stirrups at the end of the table, realizing she would probably be getting a full pelvic examination as well.
It made sense to her; the full implications of her position as a DSA Spokesmodel once again weighing on her mind as she waited for the doctor arrive.
A few minutes later the door opened and a handsome man in a white lab coat entered the room. Jen was surprised—for some reason she had assumed the doctor would be female.
The doctor closed the door behind him while reading a records chart, and then, looking up at her his eyes opened in surprise.
"Wow, you're amazing!" he said unprofessionally as Jen felt her body blush. "Mr. DeWight definitely knows how to pick them," he said more to himself than her.
"So...Diamond?" he said as he looked at the chart again before looking back at her. "Ah, no wonder you are stunning, I heard about your promotion," he said to her. "Congratulations."
Again Jen felt uncomfortable as the doctor's eyes were clearly not upon her face.
Jen was nervous, not only being before a new doctor but also sitting completely naked in front of him, without even a hospital gown. She blamed her nervousness on her taking too much innuendo into the mannerisms of the doctor, whom she had just met, merely smiling at his comments.
Besides, she was a stripper, so being naked in front of men was a part of her life. She was probably reading too much into the doctor's looks. And why should he not appreciate a good body, she thought?
He started off asking her the usual questions of any health care professional—was she allergic to anything, family history, and so forth—but then his questions turned to more personal ones. She assumed these questions were due the type of company and business she was in, such as how often she had sex, how many partners a week she had, and so forth.
"So how easily are you aroused?" he asked her suddenly, Jen caught off-guard by the question.
Once again figuring it was more due to the adult entertainment industry she confessed lately it seemed she was getting aroused a lot quicker. Jen did not tell him about being drugged or her increased arousal occurred since Mr. DeWight came into her life, but although he was a doctor, he also worked for Mr. DeWight.
His next comment startled her.
"Hmm, we may need to look into that," he told her with a smile, his eyes roving all over her body.
Jen's body heated up, her easily aroused state suddenly kicking in to her embarrassment as she wondered yet again what was going on with her body. She could feel her nipples hardening and forced herself to not look down. Instead, she looked upon the doctor, and seeing his sudden grin felt another flush run through her, his eyes lowered and obviously observing her body's reaction.
"Well, let's get started," the doctor said, startling her. Turning around and placing his record tablet on the counter, he walked back to her sitting naked on the examination table.
Jen was startled when his left hand touched her shoulder, sliding across her back several times. If she were not in a clinic she would have thought him stroking her, somewhat ashamed at her thoughts.
The doctor's voice, softer now, told her, "Since this is your first examination, it will be a thorough one. Mr. DeWight expects to me to verify no pre-existing issues are present for insurance reasons."
His comment made sense, but Jen was too focused on his hand still sliding across her back. She almost jerked as his other hand rested upon her thigh, his fingers slowly stroking her skin.
Looking at him he smiled at her as if this were a normal process of the exam, which it very well may have been; however, her body once again felt warm, his hands almost caressing her instead of palpating for any lumps or other medical issues.
His left hand moved up her neck and began running up the back of her head, his hand slowly brushing through her hair and without realizing it, Jen closed her eyes at the pleasant and relaxing sensation. She was barely aware of his other hand upon her thigh, his palm moving up and down with his fingers slightly between her legs. She let out a soft sigh at the content feeling his hand running through his hair caused, and after a few moments, Jen was feeling even more relaxed.
When the doctor asked her to lay on her stomach, she repositioned herself on the table in front of him.
The doctor moved to the end of the table where her feet were and she jumped when his hand lifted her foot.
"Ticklish?" he asked and she told him she was merely startled.
"That's ok, just need to check your bone structure, look for any masses, and such," he told her.
Although his explanation was reasonable, the soft caressing way his hands moved across her skin felt more personal than a simple examination.
Jen bit her lip holding back a moan as the doctor's hands began to massage her foot, pressing his fingers firmly on her sole and running them back and forth from her heel to her toes. After a few more minutes he squeezed her entire foot with both his hands, again causing a wave of contentment to flow through her as she closed her eyes.
His hands slowly slid down her ankle and began squeezing her calves. The examination was unlike any other in her life, and she believed the doctor was getting as much personal enjoyment—if not more—from his caresses upon her body than acting professional for medical information.
Lowering her foot, he placed both his hands on the back of her lower thighs and began sliding them upwards, his palms and thumbs pressing on the back of her legs, his fingers splayed out to her side and in between.
As his hands slid higher and higher up her legs, Jen felt her Kegel muscles involuntarily clench, her body becoming stimulated from the physical contact of the doctor's soft caresses. Her eyes were still closed, so the absence of the clinical setting caused her to relax further, her mind only focused on the soft strokes of his hands, her body reacting from his touch instead of the unexpected clinical situation.
She felt his hands slide up to the juncture of her legs, moving towards her left buttocks when Jen's eyes flew open as his thumbs lightly brushed her crotch before firmly grasping her butt cheek. Both actions were sudden and unexpected, causing her to gasp out loud at the invasive, and undoubtedly sensual, touches.
Giving her ass a few more squeezes, he repeated the process for her other leg, once again explaining he was checking for any physical deformities or issues that may need to be reported to insurance, although his touch said more to her aroused mind. Once again his hands massaged her foot and leg, her mind relaxing more than she felt she should have, her skin heating up as she knew she was getting moist from desire.
This time when his hands moved up her thigh, his brush against her core was unmistakable, but just as quickly he moved away and massaged her other butt cheek. Due to how relaxed she had let herself become, his touch elicited a soft groan from her as her fleshy rear was groped.
And that was what the doctor was doing, groping her. There was no mistake his touch was medically oriented, and yet, due to how relaxed she was feeling, she made no comment.
His hands next splayed across her lower back, slowly moving up her sides and Jen felt goose bumps cover her skin as his hands slid across her skin, moving up the sides of her torso, his fingers lightly brushing the sides of her breasts, causing her already heated body to inflame.
She was momentarily startled as his voice broke the silence of his 'examination.' "This tattoo looks fairly recent, you did not have any problems with it, did you?" he asked.
Answering him, she explained even the tattoo artist had commented on how quickly she had healed from it. Having looked at it herself each morning, she knew it no longer had any reddened edges, being completely healed, her mind flashing back to Nick pulling the towel away from her body the night before.
Remembering the FBI agent's leering eyes upon her, and seeing the exact same look in the doctor's eyes once again caused a tremble between her legs, her mind wondering how in God's creation she was getting turned on during a physical examination.
The doctor, either unaware or purposely ignoring her body's reaction, continued his physical 'examination.' Finally he moved his hands down the middle of her back, his fingers lightly gliding down her spine and between the crack of her ass, before asking her to turn onto her back.
Complacently Jen rolled over as instructed. Glancing up at the doctor above her she felt a flush between her legs at his smile and look upon her—not the expression expected from a medical professional, but more of a man gazing at a beautiful woman lying naked and helpless before him. His eyes and expression showed more lust instead of medical interest, and her body continued to rebel against her mind as her blood heated within her.
His hands started this time with her hands, raising her right arm first as he massaged her palms and worked up her arm similarly to how he felt her legs.
"You are very well toned," he commented to her as he moved to her left arm. "Do you exercise regularly?" he asked.
Jen told him she practiced regularly on the pole, as well as dancing with the other girls during her routines.
He smiled at her and Jen felt her face flush in a mixture of shame and humiliation, feeling as if she had confessed to her father about masturbating while thinking of him. It was a feeling akin to getting caught with her hand in the proverbial cookie jar mixed with a surge of desire for speaking of something so intimate.
Apparently skipping her breasts, the doctor moved his hands across her stomach, sliding them slowly across her skin, moving downwards to her pelvis. Using his right hand, he slowly slid it over her navel and piercing, moving down to the junction of her legs.
As his fingers slowly got closer to her mons, Jen reflexively spread her legs, anticipating his hand to go lower.
She was looking at him, her body heated with embarrassment and more, as he smirked above her.
Abruptly he raised his hands away from her and asked her to sit up again.
As Jen complied, the doctor moved to the medical records on the counter, writing in it as Jen repositioned herself on the table, wondering what the hell she was doing.
Had she really spread her legs in arousal, expecting the doctor to touch her pussy?
She felt herself blush in shame, confused at the mixture of feelings flowing through her. The incongruity of being aroused during a medical examination was leaving her mind completely confused and befuddled.
The doctor turning around and walking back to her table broke her thoughts as he said, "Alright, time for the breast exam."
Jen looked at him, not in surprise at the statement, but at how his voice had sounded almost anticipatory, his tone like a child waking his parents to look under the Christmas tree. And her body once again spread with goose bumps at his words.
Her nipples were already hard nubs, and she felt her breasts tighten further as he raised his hands and gently placed them over each breast. Jen was shocked as he touched her not like a physician but like a customer at the club, placing his hands over her mammaries like claws, gently squeezing his fingers into her soft flesh.
The sudden sensation caused her to take a sharp intake of breath, her eyes looking up at the doctor as he told her to relax.
"Your breasts are perfect," he told her admirably and—to her mind—rather unprofessionally. "It is amazing you never had any augmentation or plastic surgery," he told her.
Has hands slid beneath her chest, lifting her breasts in his palms and giving Jen the feeling he might start juggling them at any moment. Looking back up at his face he smiled at her before sliding his palms completely across her entire bosom, his palms pressing against her nipples.
Jen suddenly realized in all other examinations she had in the past her physician wore surgical gloves, whereas this doctor's hands were bare. The combination of his forward approach and skin-on-skin contact was completely sexual to her as she continued to stare at his face, not wanting to acknowledge how good his hands felt upon her bare breasts.
Jennifer had always been sensitive in her breasts, so she was not surprised at her body's reaction to their manipulation. What did surprise her was the intimate way the doctor kneaded them, once again caressing her body like a lover, not a clinician.
Suddenly she sucked in a breath, a gasp escaping her mouth as the doctor, still looking at her in the eye, forcibly squeezed each of her nipples between his thumbs and forefingers.
"You have amazing breasts," he told her again, giving her nipples one more squeeze before surprising her and turning around to make some notations in his record file.
Jen did not know what was going on. Her body was on fire with lust, and she wondered hypothetically if the doctor told her to drop to her knees and suck him off if she would be offended, walk out the door, or worse yet, do exactly as he told her.
She was thankful when his voice broke her train of thought, not wanting to contemplate the road her thoughts were following, until she realized what he said.
"If you can lie back now, we'll get your pelvic exam completed and then you're free to go," he told her, stepping over to a cabinet and pulling out a white and blue tube of lubricator jelly and a surgical pack, which revealed a vaginal speculum after unwrapping.
Jen's heart started racing as she realized the man who had been touching her entire body was now going to be focused upon her most intimate core. Her thoughts were racing as she wondered why the nurse was not present, what would happen in her extremely aroused state, as well as the simple embarrassment of a strange man inspecting her most personal area.
Regardless of her thoughts, she dutifully complied and laid back on the table. Her pulse raced as the doctor raised the stirrups she had noticed earlier and then, his hands warm and strong to the touch, lifted each of her legs and placed her shins into the stirrups.
She now lay before him, her legs spread and raised, exposing her crotch completely to him.
Then her eyes flew open in surprise as he slowly wrapped Velcro strips around her shins, securing her into the stirrups!
The doctor smiled at her, explaining it was to prevent her from jumping too much and possibly damaging herself during the examination.
Jen felt completely helpless, bound before the doctor in complete abasement, totally exposed as he pulled over a wheeled stool and sat down in front of her exposed crotch like a man ready to have a hearty meal.
"Hmm, looks like we may not need lubricant after all," he said to her complete embarrassment, her entire body flushing in shame.
She sucked in a breath as his finger slowly slid down her slit, her own arousal betraying her as she felt him smear her fluids up and down her labia.
"We'll start with the digital examination first, which will hopefully loosen you up," the doctor said to her shame. "Mr. DeWight said you were tight, so I don't want to cause you any discomfort."
Jen literally snorted at the absurdity of the comment, as her aroused body was already completely uncomfortable in its totally stimulated state.
All of the sudden her snort turned into a gasp as the doctor's finger slowly sank into her vagina. Jen closed her eyes, in both passion and shame as she felt a tear slowly run down the side of her face as her hips involuntarily bore down on his hand.
"Oh yes, very tight indeed," the doctor's voice came to her.
In her shame, Jen could not even look at him as she closed her eyes.
"We'll have to see if we can loosen you up a bit, try to relax," he told Jen as he slowly began moving his finger in and out of her wet vagina.
Jen could not believe this was happening to her. There was no doubt to her mind she was being sexually assaulted, and yet she knew she was helplessly eager. Unfortunately she knew any complaint would involve Mr. DeWight, and he would tell her it was her job to allow such liberties. It was the reason the FBI was after him, and she knew anything she did against the doctor or company would only exacerbate the situation.
So instead she laid there, her eyes closed, as the doctor slowly moved his finger in and out of her.
Helplessly Jen felt her desire grow as the doctor stimulated her, his finger slowly increasing its pace as she stifled a moan when his thumb began stroking her clitoris.
Unwillingly she began moving her hips, almost imperceptibly at first, then more and more pronounced until, to her shame, she knew the doctor was aware of her movements.
"That's it," the doctor said quietly, "relax," he told her.
Jen's body was in full control over her mind as she suddenly let out a moan in the room, the doctor's hand moving forward as he inserted two fingers into her vagina, flicking his digits back and forth in a 'walking' motion as she felt her vaginal walls erratically stimulated.
The doctor's hand began moving faster while his fingers continued flicking back and forth, his thumb passing across her clit with each thrust of his fingers into her. Her hips were moving of their own volition now, eager to meet each thrust of his hand as Jen let out a whimper, then another as she began to feel an orgasm building deep within her abdomen.
To her dismay her whimpers only caused the doctor to increase his thrusts until he was moving his fingers in and out of her as fast as he could. Jen's whimpers finally became moans as she lost all pretense of hiding her arousal as her hips eagerly met his hand over and over, the release she so wanted coming closer and closer to fruition.
Jen could hear the 'squish-squish-squish' of the doctor's fingers slamming in and out of her wet pussy as she bucked against the table, her legs held tightly by the restraints in the stirrups.
Without warning Jen's mind exploded, the orgasm flooding her body as her hips bucked erratically against the doctor's hand. She could feel his other hand upon her mons, holding her down to prevent her from slamming against the examination table as she rode her release, her hands clutching the side of the table with a death grip.
"That's a good girl," the doctor was saying to her softly, "ride it out, loosen that tight canal so the good doctor can get a good long look at you," he told her.
Jen's lust was too far gone to comprehend anything around her as her body thrashed on the table, thankful for the restraints holding her legs. Gradually the waves of release subsided and she finally rested against the table, jumping slightly when she felt the cool speculum enter her.
She let out a loud groan, the insertion of the device more pleasure than pain. Her mind was not focused on the clinical procedure, but instead the blatant fact of a man having gotten her off and still putting objects into her pussy.
"Oh, you are beautiful," the doctor was saying to her chagrin—and she shamefully admitted, pride—as he continued his examination.
Jen simply laid on the table, helpless to do anything but ride out the examination as the doctor spent several minutes looking deep inside her.
Finally, to her thankful regret, he stood up, going back to his tablet and writing for a while as Jen lay spread-eagled on the table, her legs still strapped into the stirrups until the doctor finished writing. Eventually he turned around to unfasten her legs, and Jen could not help but notice the large bulge in his slacks, another flush of desire rising within her chest.
"We'll email you the results of the blood tests, but you are definitely in prime shape. It's been a pleasure Diamond," he said as he exited the room, leaving her alone.
Slowly she moved her legs out of the stirrups, her legs shaky as she numbly began to get dressed.
Had she really let a doctor get her off? Had she really laid there as he finger-fucked her while strapped before him on an examination table?
Her mind was in complete chaos as she left the examination room, the nurse talking to Velvet as they turned when Jen came down the hall.
"There she is," the nurse said, like there was any doubt as to where she had been.
Jen felt her face blush, wondering if her moans had been heard outside the examination room, but neither seemed to indicate anything odd happening.
As her and Velvet made their way out of the suite and down the hall to the elevator, Velvet said happily, "Isn't Dr. Fairchild great?" she asked. "He's the most sensitive doctor I've ever had," she went on. "Even if the examinations here were not free I would go to him; he is always so professional and reserved," she told him.
Jen looked at her in surprise. It was obvious her examination was less-than-normal from Velvet's comments and she remained silent as they entered the elevator, finally exiting on her office's floor.
Her mind had been so preoccupied with what had happened in the examination room she had barely been aware of the two men who had 'accidentally' rubbed her ass as they entered and then exited the elevator a few floors later.
Meanwhile Velvet was picking up on a conversation they had earlier, talking to her about her philosophy on how Jen could be the DSA Spokesmodel and still be true to her morals and even her fiancé.
"The way I look at it is there is the stripper Velvet and the college student Chastity," she said smiling, "and yes, my real name is Chastity. I have a stripper name for a real name," she laughed to Jen who also smiled.
Velvet/Chastity was an easy person to get along with, and Jen did not bother her with what happened at the doctor's office as the young woman continued.
"Anyways, just like there is the stripper Diamond and the woman..." she trailed off looking at Jen.
"Jennifer," she answered, "Jen for short," she smiled at the girl fondly.
"OK, so there's the stripper Diamond and the girl Jen. Although Diamond only worked nights several days a week, that is now changed. Diamond needs to be out and about while Jen only comes out behind closed doors. You just have to mentally focus on your stripper side more than normal," she said.
Jen nodded, knowing the woman was right, although it obviously was difficult mentally making the adjustment, particularly in an environment where even your physician is willing to debase your body, still feeling the after-effects of her intense release.
Entering the office, her assistant said, "I've placed your remaining schedule on your desk, as well as several resumes of girls you will be interviewing Thursday."
Jen looked up in surprise. "Interviewing?" she asked.
"Yes," the young woman smiled. "As the reigning Queen of Strippers, it is your duty to perform the final interviews and auditions for girls applying to our clubs. In the past Mr. DeWight did it, but once you were selected as the spokesmodel, he's deferred all interviews to you," she said.
Seeing Jen's face the woman laughed. "It's easy, you know what men like, and you know a good dancer from a bad one. All you have to do is 'feel' them out, have them perform a set, and give them a yes or no. In fact, you don't even have to do that, just tell them 'we'll get in touch' and leave that to me!" she said with a glint in her eye.
"You just want to hold the reins of power," Jen laughed as the other woman agreed.
"Hey, it's not all the time I get to be the bearer of tidings for somebody," she grinned as she sat down at her reception area and Jen walked into her office.
Her office, again the phrase sounded odd as she saw a heated pot of coffee to the side and refilled her cup, silently thanking Velvet's attentiveness before sitting down at the desk, the two gold stripper statues flanking her like an honor guard.
Pulling up her schedule in Outlook on the computer, she saw entries for the next couple months, surprised at having so many events already planned. She knew she had her 'tour' which consisted of visiting each of the clubs DSA owned and performing, and as she looked over the schedules, she noticed a pattern for the tour dates.
She looked at the rest of this week first, seeing Velvet had filled out the entire week's calendar, even for what had already occurred—her flight and meeting with HR yesterday were on the calendar as well as her early morning meeting with the PR woman Scarlett. This afternoon—as well as tomorrow and Friday morning—were blocked out for three scheduled 'Photo-shoot' appointments, in addition to most of Thursday set aside for interviews in the morning with the staff meeting in the afternoon.
Jen again felt nervous about giving interviews, but recalling Velvet's words, agreed she could pick out a good versus bad stripper, as she looked through her remaining schedule.
Friday night was blocked off for 'Diamond's Debut Party,' recalling Mr. DeWight telling her she would be performing as an official announcement of her being the DSA Spokesmodel.
The following week was completely blocked off as 'Practice' except for Friday, where the morning had her flying back here to Los Angeles and then the late afternoon and evening were scheduled as 'Financial Syndication Presentation,' the working ambiguous as Jen wondered what it entailed. She remembered Mr. DeWight mentioning the syndication party, but still had no clue as to what it meant. He had mentioned meeting with her this week when he returned and looking at her schedule, and Jen saw a block of time scheduled right before the weekly staff meeting labeled 'Mr. DeWight-1:1.'
Looking at her tour schedule she observed a pattern. Most Sundays and Mondays were marked 'Home-Personal Time.' Tuesday afternoons she had flights booked to Los Angeles with late afternoon meetings scheduled to review her schedule and practice. Wednesday's were blocked for what was described as 'Photo-shoot reviews' as well as the weekly staff meeting.
Looking at the attendees of the staff meeting, she saw besides herself and Mr. DeWight, it was filled with men's names she did not recognize, until she recognized Tim's name, realizing these were probably owners of the various clubs.
Jen had read the club owners were part of the Board of Directors of DSA, but had not thought much about it until now, knowing these men were stakeholders in the company as much as Mr. DeWight, wondering what that meant for her as well.
Looking back at the calendar, she saw Thursday's were blocked out most of the mornings for interviews, recalling Velvet's earlier words and wondering if there were really so many interviews an entire morning every week was needed. Thursday evenings she had flights scheduled, to the cities of the various other clubs, seeing Fridays labeled as 'Performance' in the evenings as Jen wondered about her absence dancing at the Satin Kitty.
The entire schedule seemed normal until she looked at Saturdays, which were blocked out the entire day for 'Production Filming.'. Jen's stomach churned as she stared at the weekly recurring day-long block, her mind only able to guess at the schedule entry, a bleak reminder of her other 'duties' as a DSA Spokesmodel.
She stared at the blockings for some time before noticing she had flights scheduled each Sunday morning for home, realizing the 'Filming' appointments were at the city of each club she was performing, wondering what it meant, if anything, as the list of club manager names came to mind from the weekly staff meeting.
Once she was done reviewing her schedule, she then turned to the folder on her computer labeled 'Resumes,' where she found digitalized versions of various women's applications as well as videos showing audition tapes.
As she read through the applications she observed two distinctions between the women—those who had never stripped before and those who had, looking at a new club for a variety of reasons ranging from not getting along with the staff—something Jen could understand knowing how territorial and finicky strippers were at times—as well as moving for family or less-identified reasons. The 'seasoned' dancers were more common, but as she reviewed each of the applications, she made notes on each to ask questions before turning to the video sessions.
Watching the recordings—most of them being home movies—Jen was surprised at how amateurish some women were, even the ones who had danced previously. The majority of the girls simply did lap dances for their audition tapes, some not even having pole routines. The audition videos she watched contained a few who, like her, could actually work the pole, as well as a couple she thought should refrain from using it altogether, again making notes about the audition videos on each resume.
Jen was unusual in that she worked the pole more than most girls. Many dancers simply used the pole as a prop to swing around or lean against while performing their routines, relying on their dancing to earn their tips. She was not partial on either, but she did believe if you used it, you should know how to use it.
She wondered what Mr. DeWight was looking for in a dancer. As Velvet had said, she could easily recognize good dancers from the bad, but she did not know what he thought would be suitable. And then the enormity of her roles hit her—he had said she was the final decision maker, so she would be the one making the major investment in dancers for not just these girls, but all the clubs. Her role as VP of Strippers—she had to look at her name plate each time for the word 'Ecdysiast'—meant if a girl did not succeed at a club, it was her fault.
Knowing she could not fail—not because it would upset Mr. DeWight, but her own pride dictated she did the best she could—she wondered if three of the applications should even bother visiting her. Short of them having fucked the managers—something not unheard of in this business—she wondered how they even had gotten this far to appear on her desk, wondering if this were some sort of test by Mr. DeWight to see if she was taking her job serious.
She was interrupted by Velvet who asked about lunch, and looking at the time, was surprised to realize it was already half past twelve. Telling the woman she would get a salad from the cafeteria, Velvet told her to remain where she was and she would get it, returning shortly with a salad for each of them.
Feeling a camaraderie with the woman, Jen invited her to remain and eat as they both reviewed some of the worst—and best—of the audition tapes together.
By the time her computer 'dinged' for her next appointment, both her and Velvet were laughing hysterically at one of the tapes, the girl barely able to walk in high-heeled shoes, let alone dance in them.
Oh, it's time for your shoot!" Velvet exclaimed, hearing the computer as she gathered up their dishes and set them aside.
Jen's stomach clenched as she wondered if eating had been a wise choice, her nerves and the unknown of what was about to happen overwhelming her.
Seeing her dismay, Velvet looked at her pointedly saying, "Stripper Diamond, Jen doesn't belong here," she smiled, easing some of Jen's concern.
As they made their way to the tenth floor Velvet talked about the photographer. "Today's shoot is with Melissa, you'll like her," she said. "The woman doesn't take any shit from Mr. DeWight and always has the girls' whom she photographs best interests in mind. In fact, she's one of the few photographers who let the girls pick their proofs before even showing them to Mr. DeWight, something he hates," she laughed.
Asking why he put up with her Velvet said enthusiastically, "Because she's the best! She'd make even an old crone look sexy, so I cannot wait to see how she'll shoot you," she said. Then she blushed as she asked hesitantly, "If you don't mind, I'd love to sit in and watch."
As nervous as Jen was, she welcomed the other woman's presence, telling her it would be nice to have a familiar face as she 'exposed' herself.
"You don't have to worry about too much," Velvet said. "This first shoot is a swimsuit one, Melissa starts off slow not only to make the model feel more comfortable, but to give her an idea of lighting, poses, and such before any real money is invested," she told Jen as they entered a large room filled with photographic equipment and lights.
Sitting amongst the clutter was an average looking brunette in jeans and a t-shirt eating a sandwich.
Looking up in surprise, the woman said with her mouth full, "Oh shmit, is it ome ameady?" she asked through her mouthful of food.
Quickly washing down her food with a Mountain Dew, the woman stood up, wiping her hands on her jeans as she introduced herself. "Hi, I'm Melissa, and you are definitely Diamond, I recognize you from some of your other photos," she said smiling and shaking Jen's hand. "Oh my, your hands are sweaty, nervous dear?" she asked with a smile as Velvet laughed and Jen told her she was definitely not used to this.
"It's no big deal," the woman told her, Jen getting an instant feeling of liking towards the woman. "This first day we're going to take it easy, so I can figure out what looks good with you in terms of lighting and what you're good and bad sides are," she smiled as she looked Jen up and down with a critical eye. "Although right off the bat, I'm going to guess there is no bad side to you, you are gorgeous," she said.
Jen blushed at the woman's praise as she continued, "I'm serious, usually I can spot a bad bend of a joint or a splotchy patch of skin somewhere, but I can see Mr. DeWight chose well, you look like you'll be perfect for the camera!" she exclaimed as Jen continued blushing in embarrassment while the woman pointed towards an area with a couch and a white backdrop.
Velvet asked if she could stay and Melissa smiled enthusiastically. "That would be great!" the photographer said. "My lighting lackey Christopher has the day off—we don't usually shoot on Tuesdays—so I could use the help," she said happily.
Looking at Jen again the woman told her, "Now, normally I start off with a few swimsuit sets, but that outfit you are wearing screams 'Shoot Me!' so if you don't mind, I'd like to start in that, then we can move to something else," she said.
Before Jen could answer the woman suddenly looked at her, saying, "Oh Lord, where are my manners," she said in mocked seriousness. "I'm sorry for being such a putz, would you like something to drink? We have wine if you need to calm your nerves, or water, or whatever you want really. Christopher usually handles all the amenities while I point the camera and push a button," she smiled.
Again before Jen could answer Velvet spoke up, "She definitely needs a glass—or even a bottle—of wine. She's been nervous about this all day," she laughed as Jen made a face and stuck out her tongue at her assistant who laughed.
Melissa directed Velvet to a cabinet where she poured three glasses of merlot, carrying one to Jen and the other to Melissa before grabbing her own glass.
Nervously Jen took a sip, then a larger drink, eventually emptying half the glass as the photographer made adjustments to the lights, set aside several cameras in a row, and directed Velvet behind a few other lights showing her how to make adjustments. By the time the woman was finished Jen had finished her glass, to which the woman handed her hers saying, "I don't drink during a shoot, so have it. You need it more than I do," she said happily as she once again instructed Velvet about the equipment.
Jen was feeling the effects of the first glass by the time the woman picked up a camera and looked at Jen standing by the sofa.
"Do you mind if I turn on some music?" the photographer asked, and without waiting for Jen to answer turned around and showed Velvet where her CD player was. Turning back around, the woman said, "I find it helps the girls loosen up. You are all dancers at heart, so it's familiar territory. So to start off, I want you to dance slowly. If I tell you to slow or stop, just simply follow my directions. This is easy dear, the camera is your audience and you are on stage, so do what you normally do at the club," she said with a smile.
The room suddenly filled up with music as Seether's 'Broken' began to play.
At first Jen started off swaying somewhat reluctantly, but Melissa slowly guided her on with encouraging words.
"That's it; sway your hips a bit more. Perfect dear, move your hands up your body, there you go. Now, run them through your hair," she instructed. "Great, now, move your hands back down your body. No, don't close your eyes; look at the camera, that's it. Look seductive," she told her.
Jen danced as Melissa's voice, almost soothing, continued to guide her.
"Do you have a boyfriend?" the photographer asked after a few moments, and after Jen answered she smiled. "Great, pretend the camera is your fiancé, this has nothing to do with that fucker Mr. DeWight, this is all about your fiancé and your seduction of him, that's it. Look at the camera, you want to seduce him, you want him here with you, his hands on you," she intoned.
Jen moved with the song as well as Melissa's direction, her body continuing to sway as she moved her hands across her body, squeezing her breasts through her halter, gently undulating her body. Following Melissa's direction she turned around away from camera, bending over and looking back at the camera as her hips swayed, moving her hair around as directed to the steady rhythm of the song.
The next song began to play, another slow song Jen recognized from one of Denise's dance mixes, A Drowning's 'How to Destroy Angels' which Jen slowly undulated to, matching the beat as she danced, still bent over before the camera.
The photographer guided Velvet towards some additional lights as she continued taking pictures of Jen, who, after two glasses of wine, was no longer nervous, dancing now as if she were in the club—in full stripper mode as Velvet would say.
She was also still recuperating from the aftereffects of her orgasm in the doctor's office. Dan once had told her she was as submissive as a lamb being led to slaughter after her first orgasm. He always joked how if he wanted to ask her something and knew her first response would be negative to wait until they had sex, knowing he could probably get her to agree to most things without a fight.
At Melissa's direction Jen slowly turned and sank down on the couch, her hands on the inside of her thighs as she slowly spread them open, not to the camera, but her imaginary audience. She barely noticed the photographer kneeling in front of her as she moved her body to the rhythm of the song, undulating her hips on the cushions.
Slowly she fanned her legs in the air, rolling over at Melissa's suggestion and raising her ass in the air, while the female photographer moved behind her, the sounds of the camera continuing without pause as Melissa's voice surrounded her along with the song.
"That's it, slowly sway your hips," she was saying. "Now feel your lover's hands on your legs, that's right, he's slowly moving them apart. There's a good girl, don't fight him, help him," the words came to her as Jen spread her knees apart, knowing the woman was getting a good view of her thong tight against her crotch.
Once again at the woman's direction, Jen kneeled up on the couch. Slowly, at the photographer's guidance, she reached up to the ties of her halter while Melissa's voice instructed her. "There you go, slowly. No, pull it slower, be seductive, you are stripping to tease," she intoned quietly. "There you go, slowly untie it and unwrap the top. You want to prolong the seduction; you want the camera to be begging to see your breasts, not giving in so easily. That's it dear. That's it, squeeze them, push that flesh up through the top, show the camera what is waiting for it," she intoned as Jen slowly took off her top.
Evanescence's 'Lost in Paradise' began playing as her hands moved up at Melissa's direction, squeezing her breasts, almost gasping as her own fingers tweaked her nipples harder to the photographer's guidance.
Jen's dance was a mixture of seduction and direction, slowly moving her body, turning around when asked, and revealing her bare breasts when told, moving all over the couch.
Jen felt her arousal building as she caressed and squeezed her breasts to the direction of the photographer's soft voice.
Once again she gasped as she squeezed her nipples tightly between her fingers, her eyes closed as Melissa urged her on as the song continued to play.
Eventually Melissa's voice told her to teasingly take off her chaps.
Opening her eyes, Jen smiled at the camera as she slowly rose from the sofa. Without any hesitation she slowly turned away from the camera and bending down and thrusting out her ass at the camera—the continued clicking heard over the music—she slowly untied her left chap, and then gently lowered it down her leg, the camera clicking the entire time.
The next song, Eel's 'Fresh Blood,' began throbbing through the room as Jen swayed and undid her right chap, lowering it as with the other.
Standing up and turning back to the camera, wearing nothing but her shoes and thong, she once again sat down on the couch and fanned out her legs, barely aware of her nudity as the camera took picture after picture while she danced seductively to the steady slow song.
Lying back on the couch, Jen arched her back and pelvis up, kicking out one of her legs slowly as she turned her crotch towards the camera, slowly pivoting her body until she draped her leg over the back of the sofa. She planted her other foot on the ground as Melissa climbed onto the couch herself, moving between Jen's legs and taking picture after picture, starting first at her feet and then, surprising Jen, climbing over her to take close-ups of her breasts and face as the music reached its crescendo.
Moving away as the song slowly ended, the woman directed Jen to get up and lean over the back of the couch backwards. Jen complied, her breasts stretched taunt as she arched her back until she was bent almost upside down as Melissa took picture after picture.
Without instruction, Jen kicked up her feet, doing a backwards cartwheel back on to the couch as the camera clicked and the song slowly faced.
Melissa and Velvet both started clapping as Jen's head hung upside down over the couch, having rolled over near the end.
"Holy fucking shit, that was hot!" Velvet exclaimed as finally Jen stood up, blushing more from the praise than the fact of her being mostly naked.
"My dear, you are a natural!" Melissa said proudly. "I sometimes question Mr. DeWight's choices, but with you, he definitely hit a homerun," she said. "Who taught you to dance and pose like that?" she asked.
Jen explained how she had taken ballerina classes in grade school, and eventually pole dancing and chair dancing classes while her fiancé was in college. "I did it mostly because of the work-out. At the time I never had even planned on dancing professionally," she said as they started asking about her fiancé.
Not mentioning Dan's name was becoming increasingly difficult for her, particularly as she was beginning to develop a camaraderie with the women, feeling guilty for her omission of some things.
Melissa handed her another glass of wine and as Jen sipped it, watched as the woman gathered together a piece of cloth.
"OK, I'd like to do another set," the photographer told her, "but we need to change it up a bit. Over in the corner is a make-up station. If you don't mind, clean off what you have and put on something dark, maybe Goth, though no black lipstick. I hate that, but still want something dark. There's a black and white checkered suit on the counter for you to wear as well as several pairs of shoes," she said as she began gathering up her equipment and instructing Velvet, leaving Jen on her own.
Sitting at the make-up counter, Jen was surprised to find all the make-up being high quality. Recalling the photographer's words, she chose a deep dark MAC lipstick, the name being 'Soulfully Rich' which she had used once before. She then moved her attention to her eyes, making her lashes dark and thick with mascara before putting on a dark purplish pink shadow around her eyes. Finally she took the liner and darkened her eyebrows to serve as a meld between her dark lashes and brunette hair.
Seeing the effect in the mirror, she was pleased as she then turned to work on her hair. First she untied her standard high ponytail, brushing it out fully before reaching to the sides, where she made two high pigtails, tying black ribbons into them as well as braiding the ribbons into her hair.
Looking at her reflection in the mirror, Jen was pleased with the look as she reached for the bathing suit Melissa asked her to wear. The photographer had referred to it as the 'black and white checkered' suit, and holding the small amount of material, she thought she had been asked to wear a bikini; however, holding it up it seemed to be composed more of string than material. Seeing a small triangular swatch of cloth she wondered if she had only been given the top.
Then to her dismay she saw it was a single pieced monokini, but unlike any she had seen before. The top portion consisted of merely two straps, each about the width of a Band-Aid, the material having a small black and white checkered pattern; however, it was the bottom, or lack thereof that caused Jen concern. The monokini extended down by two strings, merging into a single string which would go between her legs, extending up her back and splitting again to form the two strands that composed the top.
Jen could only stare at the stringed bottom, realizing it would immediately disappear into the folds of her slit, only reappearing when it came up her lower back out of the crack of her ass!
She stared at the three strings, the entire suit having barely enough material to call it clothing when Melissa's voice came across the room, "You ready dear? Make sure you pick out some shoes as well," the photographer said.
Jen's mind was stunned as she looked at the blatant raunchy suit.
If she had not had three glasses of wine already, she never would have had the courage to stand up and take off her black thong, stepping into the stringed outfit. As she pulled it up and around her shoulders she let out a soft intake of breath as the cool string slid between her labia, resting tightly upon her clitoris as she adjusted the top to cover as much of her areolae and nipples as she could, the outfit doing little to cover her breasts and acting more as an accessory than clothing.
Taking a deep breath, shuddering as the stringed material tightened between her legs from her swelling breasts, pressing even further on her clit, Jen turned to the row of shoes.
Trying to think of something else other than the suit's effect on her body, she focused on the row of shoes. Her eyes were immediately drawn to a pair of spiked Mary Jane shoes like she normally wore at the club; however, she remembered Melissa mentioning her make-up to be Goth-like, so assumed the woman would like her footwear to be similar. Looking around she finally found the perfect set of shoes almost hidden behind the shoe rack. The shoes were still a Mary Jane style, only with a platform heel. What caught her eye thought was the top of the shoes having a black and white checkered pattern similar to the one barely seen on her suit.
As she was about to put on the shoes she saw a pile of socks next to the shoes, and with a sudden thought, bent down and quickly found a pair of white laced anklet socks, which she put on before the shoes.
Surprisingly the shoes fit perfectly and after looking at herself in the full-length mirror, Jen she was satisfied enough with her 'attire to turn and make her way to the other girls, the string of her suit wedging further into her slit.
Velvet was the first to notice her, her eyes opening wide as she exclaimed, "Wow, you look fricking awesome!"
Melissa turned around at the assistant's exclamation and smiled, "Wow indeed, you look better than I imagined. And wherever did you find those shoes?" she asked. "I didn't even know they were there, those are fucking awesome!" she exclaimed.
Jen felt her whole body flush at the two women's appraisal as she noticed the scene and equipment from the previous shoot had been taken down.
Seeing the direction of her gaze, Melissa smiled. "I figured we needed a beach scene to go with the outfit," she said as she waved for Jen to follower her, handing her another glass of wine.
Walking behind her, Jen was fully aware of the stringed monokini working its way between her legs like dental floss. As she followed the woman to a sliding glass doorway leading outside, she took a large sip of the wine to again settle her nervousness.
Walking through the doors they came upon a balcony and Jen stared in amazement. The entire balcony was covered in white sand, giving it a 'beach-like' quality. Adding to the theme, in the center of the balcony, was an in-ground hot tub with a bright red cloth lounge chair next to it.
Jen walked further onto the balcony, her heels sinking into the white sand, amazed such a landscape was here in the middle of a corporate building in downtown Los Angeles.
Seeing her surprise, Melissa told her, "Mr. DeWight had a cow when he got the bill for this, but it's returned his investment tenfold. To have this type of scene available for shoots without having to go off location has been a Godsend. And you would be amazed how different you can make this area look. Sometimes I cover the tub with a liner and put sand over it to make it all a big sand pit, but today the tub will be a good backdrop for the shoot," she said to Jen as the photographer moved the lounge chair forward towards the lighting setup.
Hearing a noise behind her, Jen turned to see Velvet coming out with the CD player and an additional spotlight, which Melissa directed her to shine towards the chair.
"Now, we only have a few hours of direct sunlight left," the photographer told them, "and even with artificial lighting I want to make the most of the natural light. The first part of the shoot we'll handle like before," she directed. "Diamond, just dance like you did earlier, but mix up the moves a bit so it's not a repeat of the last set," she smiled as Jen nodded.
"After that we'll do some shots on the chair. I want the sun to be partially down so it's directly on you, and if we have time we'll do some tub shots as well. Alrighty?" she asked as Jen once again numbly nodded.
Following Melissa's direction, Jen moved to the main area in front of the chair after downing the remaining glass of wine. Leaving the shaded area of the building, she almost gasped as her body was slammed by the sun's heat, the warmth hitting her as if an electric blanket were suddenly wrapped around her.
As if reading her mind about getting sunburn, Velvet handed her a bottle of sun screen. Jen was grateful, smearing the lotion on her skin as Velvet helped put it on her back. Finally, with her skin glistening in the sun, she stepped in front of the chair and made a pose.
"OK, right there is great," Melissa told her, directing Velvet to start the CD player. "Remember, move with the music," she told Jen as a heavy rock beat started.
Jen recognized 'Kiss it Goodbye' from the new Nickelback album as she began to move her body, her motions exaggerated to the heavy rock beat like she would move in the club.
"That's it," Melissa told her, the camera clicking away as Jen moved her body. "There you go," the photographer said, "move your hips. Good, there you go! Dance to the music, it's only you and the camera. Move your hands through your hair, there you go," she intoned as Jen danced.
After four glasses of wine Jen was feeling no pain, soon forgetting the string wedged between her slit as she turned her body around, her hips swaying to the music as she became completely absorbed in her dance and the music.
Bending down at Melissa's direction, Jen cupped her breasts as she looked at the camera seductively, gasping at the skin on skin contact as she felt her hardened nipples through the thin, barely there material of the suit. More of Jen's breasts were exposed than hidden as she straightened up and again swayed around and around, sometimes facing the camera with her breasts still cupped within her hands, as well as turning and looking over her shoulder.
Finally releasing her chest at Melissa's direction, Jen let her breasts sway with the beat of the music, moving her body seductively and fluidly to the heavy rock beat.
Sliding her hands up from her hips, she once again squeezed her breasts together from the side. Smiling at the camera with her hips moving seductively, she pressed her fleshy mammary glands together exaggerating her cleavage as she turned around and danced, her ass and hips swaying to the music.
As she turned again to face the camera the song ended and Jen immediately recognized the next song—Skillrex' 'Bangarang'—as she thrust her hips to the new beat. Her breasts continued swaying from their lack of confinement as she jerked her body in rhythm to the music.
Cupping her breasts yet again at Melissa's direction, Jen began swaying her body, bending and undulating her entire body in a wave motion as the camera clicked softly through the music.
"Great, now, slide your right hand beneath the suit, there you go, good girl,' Melissa guided her as Jen complied with her direction. "Now, squeeze your breast and look at the camera. That's it, you want the person in the camera to come and touch you, don't you?" she asked as Jen nodded, her breast clutched firmly in her hand.
"That's a good girl," the woman told her. "Now, slide your other hand down your stomach. No, slower. That's good, keep squeezing your breast with your other hand," she told her as Jen danced to the slow part of the dub step song. "Now, follow the string down between your legs with your finger," the photographer said.
Jen gasped as her finger slide across the thin string, sliding between the wet folds of her pussy as her hips reflexively jerked forward. She was surprised at how aroused she already was, the mixture of lotion, sweat, and arousal coating her finger.
"Good girl," Melissa intoned, "now move your finger back and forth, there you go, good girl," she said as Jen began massaging her own clit, her other hand still kneading her breast.
Jen was softly moaning, thankful the music was loud as she literally began masturbating in front of the camera, her mind too dazed to comprehend her surroundings.
Her moans became audible to the other women as the song ended, quickly replaced by a version of Led Zeppelin's 'Immigrant Song' from The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo movie.
"That's a good girl, why don't you sit down on the chair now," Melissa instructed as Jen willingly complied, Melissa's voice continued guiding her.
"No, keep your hands where they are, that's a good girl," the photographer instructed as the camera continued its chatter. "Now, spread your legs. No wider, stretch them out. That's it, keep rubbing the string," the woman intoned as Jen's finger continued passing back and forth over her clitoris.
"Why don't you match the beat of the song?" Melissa suggested and Jen, too aroused to care differently, complied, her finger sliding rapidly back and forth across her slit.
Jen could feel herself on the verge of an orgasm as she began whimpering, looking askance at the camera as if it held all the answers to her pent up lust.
"Not yet," Melissa intoned, practically reading her mind. "Why don't you slide off your top?" she suggested as Jen quickly complied, the small material feeling almost constrictive as she pulled it off her shoulders and let it drop down to her hips.
Without any direction Jen moved her finger back to her slit, her other hand once again kneading her breast as she sat on the bright red lounge chair masturbating and wearing nothing but a thin string down her slit and up her ass and a pair of Mary Jane shoes with lace socks.
The next song—Spiderbait's version of 'Black Betty'—began playing as Melissa's voice continued.
"Why don't you lay back on the chair, there you go," she intoned to Jen. "Why don't you take off that outfit?" she said.
Without a thought Jen complied, her body so aroused she only wanted to get off, quickly pulling the material down her legs, gasping as the string pulled away from her soaked slit.
"Good girl, there you go, that feels so much better without the suit now, doesn't it? Now lean back. Yeah, spread your legs to the camera," Melissa intoned. "Oh yeah, continue touching yourself, there you go, good girl. In beat to the music," she instructed.
Jen's hips jerked as she slipped her finger into her wet slit, her legs splayed on each side of the chair as she began finger-fucking herself. Leaning back against the lounge chair, the photographer moved between her legs and leaned in, focusing on Jen's finger as it moved rapidly in and out of her slit. No longer 'blocked' by the string, Jen easily shoved her finger into herself past the second knuckle, groaning at the sensation.
"Faster," Melissa intoned as the music sped up. "There you go, keep going, cum with the ending of the song," she urged.
Jen's desire was too far gone to care about impropriety and as the song reached its crescendo, she tilted her head back and let out a loud yell, her body shaking uncontrollably as her release swept through her, the orgasm spreading from her clit and racing throughout her. She could feel her vaginal muscles clamp down around her finger, moaning as her thumb pressed tightly against her clit as her body shuddered, wave after wave of release surging and rippling through her.
Jen slowly came to her senses, recognizing the song had changed to Combichrist's 'Give Head If You Got It' from one of Denise's sets. Her finger was still in her pussy and she blushed in embarrassment as she moved her hand away from her crotch.
"Here dear, put some more of this on you," Melissa said, handing Jen the bottle of suntan lotion.
Looking at the photographer questioningly, her mind embarrassed at having climaxed before the two women, Melissa told her, "Go ahead dear, I want to use this sunlight as long as we can," she said as if nothing untoward had happened—that Jen had not just masturbated in front of her.
Her mind was chaotic from the wine and her recent orgasm, and without a word Jen slowly squeezed out a small puddle of lotion into her palm before raising it to her shoulders, smearing the oily cream over her skin. She gasped at the sudden cool sensation of lotion upon her sun-heated skin, now overly sensitive from her orgasm as she followed Melissa's direction, smearing the ointment across her body.
"Smear it across you while looking at the camera, no, more seductively," the photographer told her. "That's it, look at the camera like you want your lover to do this, not you. Yeah, that's it, touch your body and show everybody where you want their hands," she intoned as Jen followed her direction.
Again at Melissa's instruction, she squeezed her breasts, the oil making a squishing sound over the music as she continued covering her body with the cream, bending down and sliding her oily hands down her legs to her socks and shoes.
At Melissa's suggestion she took off her shoes and socks, smearing the ointment over her feet, raising her legs and exposing her crotch to the camera as she continued sliding her oily hands over her body.
As the song changed—another one of Denise's hard rock songs beginning to play, recognizing Halestorm's 'Mz. Hyde' playing across the CD player—Jen let the heavy beat guide her movements as she again slid her hands down her legs and covered her bare feet with oil.
"Good girl," Melissa intoned, "Now, put your feet on each side of the chair, there you go, good girl, oh yeah, spread your legs further. Yes, that's it, cup your breasts, good girl. Now raise your hips, no, keep kneading your breasts, use your legs--that's a good girl," the photographer said, once again moving to the foot of the chair.
Jen heard the camera taking pictures, although she could not see Melissa with her back arched, her hands upon her breasts. She knew the photographer was getting a full view of her pussy, imagining her oiled skin shining in the sun, her arousal dripping from her slit, her lips reddened from her masturbation.
Finally Melissa instructed her to lower herself and roll over onto her hands and knees. Once again Jen complied, her body heated by the sun shining directly on her oiled skin as she raised her ass towards the camera.
"That's a good girl," Melissa told her as Jen arched her back, thrusting her ass up and out from behind her as she held herself up on her hands and knees on the chair. "Spread your legs a bit more my dear," Melissa intoned and Jen complied.
"Good girl, now, move your left hand between your legs," she said quietly.
The song ended, the hard rock changing to a Hip-Hop song by Iggy Azalea Jen had heard before, the title obvious from the words, 'Take my Pic.'
Barely paying attention to the song, Jen followed the photographer's instructions, her mind too stupefied from everything going on.
"That's a good girl Diamond," the woman told her. "No, move your hand further back, there you go, rest your middle finger across your asshole, that's perfect, hold it right there," the voice intoned.
Jen felt her body becoming further aroused, her finger against her ass and her hand resting across her crotch causing her to want more.
As if reading her thought, Melissa said, "OK, now, press down with your finger, there you go, let your finger slip into your ass, doesn't that feel good?" she asked.
Jen moaned in response as her finger slid easily into the tight hole, lubricated by both her desire and the suntan oil.
Melissa's voice came to her again, "That doesn't feel as satisfying as before, does it dear?" she asked and Jen realized the woman was correct, moaning in response.
"How about I help you with that then," the woman offered.
Over the music Jen heard the woman instruct something to Velvet, having completely forgotten her assistant, so absorbed in her arousal.
Jen's attention was refocused as she felt something firm against the back of her hand between her legs.
"Here, try this," the photographer said, guiding Jen's hand to what turned out to be a black rubber dildo.
Jen looked back at the photographer who was taking pictures, her voice coming across the music, "Go ahead Diamond, take it inside you," she directed.
Jen paused for only a second before maneuvering the head of the dildo into her slit, gasping as it slid into her pussy, her vaginal walls spreading apart as she moved the phallus further inside her.
"That's a good girl," the photographer uttered. "Now, move your hips. That's it, ride it, no don't move your hands, there you go," she said as Jen once again submitted, raising and lowering her hips as she literally fucked the dildo held stationary in her hands.
Jen moved her hips slowly in rhythm with the beat, sliding her hips down and embedding the dildo into her cunt before slowly holding it and raising her hips, feeling her labia evert as if grasping the dildo in an attempt to stop it from exiting her.
"Here, wait until this next song," the woman said behind her as Jen heard the Iggy Azalea song end and another electro-industrial song, KMFDM's 'Ready to Blow' begin to play.
"There, now move again with the music," the photographer said as Jen once again began to slowly raise and lower her hips to the slow beat of the song, the dildo sliding in and out of her.
Jen was moaning each time she lowered her hips, embedding the phallus fully into her, until her thumb pressed against her clit, the already sensitized organ causing her body to quiver as she rode the rubber sex toy slowly and exaggeratedly.
She felt another orgasm coming upon her and involuntarily began moving her hips faster to the photographer's admonishment, "No, keep in beat with the song," the woman instructed as Jen groaned, wanting her release.
She no longer cared about being in front of Velvet or the photographer, merely wanting the pent up arousal within her to find release.
Having already been aroused by her physical examination, then masturbating, Jen's body wanted more and more. Her finger was no longer satisfying, but the large dildo inside of her was a good replacement for the cock she so desperately yearned for. She wanted nothing more than to slam the phallus into her over and over until she came.
And yet, her body complied with the instructions of Melissa, her hips slowing as she slowly rose up and down on the dildo.
Jen's opposite arm was getting tired holding up her weight and she almost sighed in relief as Melissa told her to turn around and lay back down, keeping her legs spread and the dildo inside her.
Once again Jen followed her instructions, laying down and moving the dildo in and out of her pussy.
Suddenly the beat of the music changed, and again following Melissa's instructions, she began moving the sex toy faster and faster, the squishing sound of her now drenched pussy clearly audible over the song.
Jen's hips began to move as she felt her orgasm overwhelming her.
"Look at the camera!" Melissa ordered and Jen looked longingly at the camera in lust as her orgasm burst forth through her body her mouth forming an 'O' as her eyes opened wide, staring at the camera as her release flooded through her.
Out of the corner of her eye she saw Velvet one side of the chair, a camera in her hands as Jen barely comprehended she was being filmed from multiple angles as she groaned, her body shuddering as her orgasm exploded around the large rubber dildo inside of her.
Her pussy too sensitive, she released the dildo, moving both her hands to her breasts which she gently squeezed as the sounds of both cameras were heard over the song.
Looking back upon the proofs later in the week, Jen knew she was laying helplessly on the chair, her legs spread as she kneaded her breasts, splayed out before the camera like a wanton slut.
Between her legs Jen felt her vaginal muscles clench as the dildo slowly slid out of her body. She looked to the side and saw Velvet continuing to take pictures, along with Melissa who had the camera between her legs, then raised it up, focusing on Jen's face and kneaded breasts.
"That's it, ride it out," Melissa told her as Jen could only lie on the chair, her body continuing it's shuddering as if she were having small epileptic fits.
Jen heard Melissa ask Velvet to get another glass of wine, and Jen realized she was thirsty, gratefully accepting the glass when her assistant returned.
She was barely aware of her surroundings or her impropriety lying naked, covered in oil, on a balcony in the middle of Los Angeles in front of two woman after having not one, but two self-imposed orgasms. First she had masturbated with her finger, and then embarrassment hit as she began to comprehend getting herself off with a dildo.
Gulping down the rest of the wine Jen had an odd thought being glad she was not driving. She was also ready to leave as she sat up, but Melissa had other plans.
"OK, now before the sun completely sets," she instructed, "I want you to slowly step into the pool. Use the music as your guide," she said as Jen realized a new song was playing, Awolnation's 'Sail' which she recognized from the recent History channel Vikings commercials.
Getting up and glancing back, Jen saw the large black dildo laying on the chair, her body flushing in embarrassment as she realized what she had been pleasuring herself with, the black rubber glistening with her arousal.
Once again guided by the photographer, she slowly moved into the hot tub, the hot water heating up her already flushed oily body.
Melissa instructed her to move in several stationary poses, first sitting on the edge of the tub with her legs pulled up, then in the water, even laying along the side.
After two intense orgasms Jen could barely think for herself, easily obeying the photographer's directions as the song played through it's entirely. She moved like an automaton, merely complying with her instructions as she continued modeling to the photographer's suggestions while the song played, the heavy beat relaxing her.
As the song finally ended she was surprised when Melissa said, "Well, that's rap!"
Helping Jen out of the tub, the oil having washed off of her from being in the water, Jen's body quickly dried from the late afternoon heat as Melissa congratulated her on her first day's shoot.
"My dear, you were fabulous!" she exclaimed as Velvet agreed.
Jen once again became embarrassed, having masturbated and orgasmed not only once, but twice before the women, but Melissa did not even mention it.
Velvet handed Jen a folded bundle of material and she looked at the woman questioningly.
"It's a dress from your office closet," she explained. "I figured after, well, after your shoot, you might want something a little, well, covering," she said.
Jen thanked the woman profusely, not knowing when the woman had gotten it as she unfolded it, finding a cowl necked mini-dress made of t-shirt material.
Slipping on the dress, Jen was grateful, the soft material welcomed with her body so sensitized from her previous arousal. The front 'neckline' extended down past her navel, barely covering her breasts, but Jen was thankful at not having to put on the chaps outfit and wearing something more loose as she once again told Velvet her appreciation, slipping on her Daffodile Louboutin shoes.
Melissa gave Jen a big hug, again expressing how great she did as Jen once again flushed with embarrassment, behaving so brazen before the camera. Thanking Melissa for her praise, the photographer told her she would e-mail the proofs to her tomorrow and to contact her if there were any questions.
"Tomorrow's shoot will be slightly different," she told Jen, who began to get nervous at the mention of another photo-shoot. "You'll be working with another model, though that should not bother you; you will still be the focus of the shoot so they will be pretty much a prop to go with the shoot," she explained as Jen's nerves eased a bit.
She had just masturbated before two women she barely knew and in front of a camera, so modeling with another model should not be as bad, as long as she did not let things get as out-of-hand as they had today. Although she realized she was pretty helpless to do anything about it anyways, so thanked the woman before her and Velvet made their way up to her office.
Jen spent the rest of the afternoon—it was already four o'clock by the time they returned—reviewing the resumes and audition tapes for her upcoming interviews Thursday.
Once she left the building, her thoughts were still scrambled from the day's activities as she got into the limousine, barely noticing the driver's leer at her short skirt and blatantly exposed cleavage as she made her way to the hotel.
Entering her hotel room, Jen immediately took a shower, washing off the remainder of sweat and oil from her photo-shoot before slipping into a comfortable camisole and boy shorts.
Attempting to call Dan, she was sent to voicemail as she wondered what he was doing, where he was, and yearned to talk to him. She felt alone. Even the friends she had were part of this new ugly life, where she was coerced into sex and masturbating in front of a camera.
Her mind tried to refuse thinking about the photo-shoot to no avail. Although the first set had not been bad, being more-or-less what she expected, the second set was much worse. She still did not understand how she could have allowed herself to be manipulated into masturbating in front of a camera, not just once, but twice!
Remembering Melissa telling her she would have the proofs to review in the morning, she began to dread seeing herself in such a position on film. And worse yet, those pictures would be distributed around the world, every strange horny guy looking at them. The thought was both exciting and horrifying, and she refused to accept such a fate hoping to find some recourse to get out of this predicament as quickly as possible.
Resigning herself to another lonely night, she set her alarm and went to bed early.
********************
The alarm blaring next to the bed woke Jen up with a start as she recognized a repeat of the last few days. Her mind and body still rebelled against getting up so early, but she forced herself out of bed.
Thinking of the movie Groundhog Day, she fell into a repeat of the day before, sitting down at the vanity to get ready for work while her coffee brewed. The word 'work' was still foreign to her as finished her morning ritual of 'looking pretty' as Dan called it, before getting up and going through her closet and dresser drawers, taking stock of what had been supplied to her.
She had gone to bed early, and although tired knew she had to take stock of what clothes she had in order to avoid any other wardrobe mistakes such as yesterday's mistaking chaps for pants.
Going through the hotel closet and drawers, one thing was definitely clear to her—all the clothes were sexy items, made to reveal more skin than they covered. Jen had expected as much as she rearranged the closet more to her liking, inwardly thinking it would have been nice to have a pair of sweats or something 'frumpy' to lounge around in.
Some of the outfits she did not even believe could be worn in public they were so revealing, barely being something she would wear at work. Her thoughts turned to her debut party Friday and Mr. DeWight mentioning her performing a routine, knowing some of the outfits were for performances.
She began to get nervous about the debut party as she thrusted those thoughts from her mind. Worrying about two days ahead was not going to settle her nerves, so she refocused her thoughts and looked through the clothes for something to wear today.
She wanted something simple, again wearing one of the black thongs she had found yesterday, slipping it on first before going through the closet.
Eventually she settled on a simple one-piece leather skirt with a zipper up the entire front. Placing it on the bed she recalled the FBI agent Nick's comment about covering her belly cam, but after displaying her ass and such the day before, she wanted something simple and not so revealing.
Then she remembered the other sets of surveillance jewelry he had given her and looking through the box, found a set of dangling earrings which had both a camera and microphone. Holding them up to her head she said to herself, "I hope these are the right ones," when suddenly she jumped in surprise, the tattoo on her back ribs vibrating.
It was an abrupt reminder she never had a private moment. Whereas last night she had gone to bed feeling very much alone, now she felt crowded, as if she had no privacy whatsoever.
Thinking of the surveillance equipment upon her body, she abruptly thought of her photo-shoot and how the FBI guys must have enjoyed the show. She had felt somewhat comfortable with just Velvet and Melissa present, but now realized she had also put on a show for the FBI agents, her body once again flushing with embarrassment.
And mixed with her embarrassment, she was no longer surprised to also feel a flush of arousal, her body reacting to the knowledge of behaving so lewdly in front of an audience, completely opposite to her conscience.
Jen could almost picture in her head the FBI agents zooming in on her breasts through the reflection of the mirror as she put on the earrings. Every moment she was being watched, and it was just another aspect of her new life she was being forced to live; however, even now she felt her nipples hardening with the knowledge of their scrutiny.
Attempting to keep her mind off things she could not control, Jen went into the closet to look for a pair of shoes, finding the perfect set of sandals to go with the dress. The black sandals had 6-inch heels with a wrap-around band encircling her angle, the strap having a zipper running down the middle which she knew would match and compliment the zipper from the leather dress.
Pleased with her selection—not dressing as a wanton slut was a small victory in her mind—she sat on the bed and put on the shoes, once again amazed at the perfect fit. It was eerie how all the new clothes fit so well, as if Mr. DeWight knew her body even better than herself, as she often had to try clothes on before buying them.
Lost in her own reverie, Jen was startled at the phone ringing. Glancing at the clock she saw it was 6:15 am, the call probably being Laurence her driver. Sure enough, answering the phone she was met with his voice telling her he was waiting with the car downstairs.
Standing up—now several inches taller from her shoes—Jen looked at herself in the mirror across the room. She was in nothing but her heels and thong, but could not help admiring her firm body and breasts and her naturally erotic figure. Her state of nudity caused her to recall her experience getting dressed in the car and on a sudden impulse, instead of putting on the dress she put on the hotel robe. Grabbing the dress and her purse she left the room, making her way down the lobby.
Once again the only people seeing her in her high heels and robe were the hotel staff as she went outside to the waiting limo. Seeing her exit once again in nothing but a robe, the chauffeur smiled. Jen felt her heart skip and now feeling flustered, told him she was running late again as she got into the opened door he was holding.
Before the car had even left the hotel driveway Jen had taken off the robe, sitting in the back seat in nothing but her shoes and thong, her breasts fully visible to the obvious pleasure of the chauffeur.
Jen felt a flush of excitement run through her body as she wondered what the hell she was doing, sitting in the back seat of the limo practically naked before a stranger. Her body betrayed her thoughts though, as she felt her breasts tighten and her nipples harden into prominent buds—not from the cold interior of the limo but from the awareness and obvious gaze of her driver through the rearview mirror. Jen felt her pulse speed up at her blatant behavior.
Suddenly she was startled as the speakers began playing music—Phoenix' '1901'—coming across the speakers and she glanced up towards the front, seeing the driver watching her more than the road.
She remembered being topless through most of the trip yesterday morning, so taking a deep breath, reached into her handbag where she kept her make-up. This was her small bag containing only the essentials and no spare clothes or shoes, and as she rummaged through Wet Ones, an extra thong and garter, a bottle of superglue, safety pins, body spray, and other assorted items she used at least weekly, she finally came across the bottle of body lotion from the hotel she had thrown in there and pulled it out.
Attempting to ignore the leer of her driver, Jen began applying the lotion to her arms and shoulders, knowing he was getting a good view of her swaying breasts as she rubbed the oily mixture into her skin.
Instead of bending down and obscuring his view, Jen raised her legs, sliding her oily hands up and down them as she rubbed the lotion into her body, fully aware of the driver's looks.
She could feel her body becoming even more aroused, not just from the driver's looks, but from her own hands sliding over her body as she continued applying the lotion to her body.
She was momentarily startled when Evanescence's 'Whisper' began playing loudly over the speakers, and glancing out the window saw they were at a red stoplight, the driver's eyes focused purely on her. As her mind wondered what the fuck she was doing Jen took a deep breath and looking straight at the rearview mirror and into her driver's eyes, began applying the lotion to her breasts.
Her driver smiled as she kneaded her breasts, working the oily lotion into her skin and contorting her yielding flesh around with her hands. Once again she felt her body flush with desire, her crotch becoming heated as her hands moved across her breasts and nipples, the act of doing something so intimate in front of another man turning her on while her conscience once again screamed in the back of her mind.
Jen moved both hands to her right breast, encircling it as she slowly moved her hands down her flesh, squeezing the fatty tissue between her hands to cause her nipples and aureole to be framed by her hands before letting her breast slide out of her grip and moving to her other breast.
Jen took her time, the car stopping at two more lights before she was done with her breasts and worked the lotion into her stomach.
Jen began working the lotion into her hips and ass, her pelvis thrusted up in the air reminiscent of the previous day's photo shoot as she smeared the lotion into her skin, her hands kneading her ass cheeks similarly to her breasts as the next song—Far East Movement's 'Dirty Bass'—began.
Jen could see the corporate building from the front window, so finished anointing her body before turning, fully aware of the driver's attention on her, and began to shimmy into the leather dress. It was easier putting it on over her head instead of zipping it up, and Jen could feel the tight dress, knowing it hugged her curves considerably as she maneuvered her body in the back seat and got dressed.
The rest of the trip was uneventful and Jen sat in silence as the music track played. Although her body was still, her mind was travelling a thousand miles a second wondering why she had done what she had, exposing herself to the driver without provocation. Granted Mr. DeWight had told her to do it yesterday for insulting the driver, but he did not say to make it an everyday occurrence—yet something deep inside Jen knew she would not mind dressing in the car again tomorrow, wondering at her sudden promiscuity.
Once again her body betrayed her conscience as she continued to feel aroused, her pulse and hormones flooding her system, her breasts aching to be clutched. She almost reached up to squeeze her breasts they were becoming so tight but refrained, for once her mind able to control her body as they eventually arrived at the office.
As Jen made her way through the lobby she was again welcomed by the mass of strangers that worked for the company. Smiling and greeting them in return, she made her way to the elevators, coming upon a similar—if not the same—group of men at the elevators who greeted her with smiles.
The dress she wore today did nothing to prevent the frequent caresses upon her ass as Jen stood within the elevator surrounded by the men who positioned themselves around her in almost a repeat of yesterday. She stood in silence as the same scenario repeated, the elevator reaching each floor and Jen feeling her ass groped as the men moved out from behind her to exit. The men took her silence as permission—her ignoring the gropes, them being similar to the touches she often received at the club—the men continued to cop a feel of her, hand after hand sliding across the leather covering her ass as the men exited.
Soon there was only her and another man in the elevator, and as they reached the eighteenth floor, he wished her a good day, blatantly patting her ass before exiting the car. Seeing his smile as the elevator doors closed, Jen suddenly recognized him as one of the men she had given permission to touch her bare ass cheeks yesterday. She wondered what proverbial can of worms she had opened, allowing him to touch her yesterday and him obviously assuming she would not mind today.
Once again Jen wondered what the hell she was doing agreeing to become the DSA Spokesmodel. Sure she was doing it for the FBI and to help her get out of her contract, but the reality of the situation was rawer than she could ever have imagined. She thought about her actions during the photo-shoot, as well as this morning in the limo, and again within the elevator.
She knew it was what was expected of her, and she once again recalled Scarlett—the snooty PR person—who would undoubtedly be proud of her.
Jen continued her thoughts as she made her way down the hallway to her office.
Velvet was once again already in the office, a cup of coffee waiting for Jen as she chatted with the young assistant.
"You were awesome yesterday!" the young girl was saying. "I've never seen anybody so natural in front of a camera. Even Melissa said she was impressed at how photogenic you were," she was saying.
Jen felt her face flush with embarrassment as she told the girl she normally did not behave so vulgarly. "It must have been the wine," Jen said as Velvet laughed.
"Yeah, you were putting down those glasses pretty fast towards the end. Oh, and speaking of the shoot, Melissa called and told me she e-mailed the proofs to you. She said anything you don't want she will permanently delete and Mr. DeWight will never know about them," she told Jen as she thought about how graphic the second set would be.
As Jen thanked her and headed towards her office, Velvet asked, "Can I look with you?" she asked honestly.
Jen was reluctant to see the pictures with somebody else, but realized Velvet had been at the shoot the entire time, so there would be nothing shocking or revealing she had not already seen as she told the young woman, "Sure, let's get this over with."
Jen logged into her computer as Velvet helped her open the 'zipped' file Melissa had sent to her e-mail address. Jen was not computer savvy, barely able to surf the internet, shop for clothes, and answer e-mail, so Velvet was a blessing as the young woman helped her get the files ready.
Opening the first picture, both the girls said simultaneously, "Wow."
Jen had never seen professional shoots of herself before, being camera shy whenever Dan or one of the girls at the club wanted to take a picture, so Jen could not believe the woman looking out from the picture in the chaps and wraparound halter was herself. Sure the woman LOOKED like her, but the picture was so seductive and so artistic, Jen could not believe it was actually herself.
She clicked through the first set and there were only a couple Jen removed—those being ones where her eyes were closed or she had a stupid expression. Most of the pictures were amazing, and she could understand why Velvet had said Melissa was one of the company's best photographers. Even the last few pictures of her on the sofa—the camera zoomed into her crotch and between her legs—the pictures were amazing, even the close-ups of her obviously moist thong outlining her slit being tastefully done.
Although revealing and her being topless, the pictures were nothing too extreme, and nothing Jen had not seen many times on the internet, the pictures less pornographic than artistic. Even the pictures of her kneading her breasts before the camera looked tasteful, not some hardcore porno shoot but a tasteful nude, even if the subject matter was more promiscuous.
There were seventy five pictures total in the first set, and Jen would have been surprised at the number if Melissa's email had not said these were the best out of several hundred she had taken, deleting the others as they were either redundant or obviously bad shots.
Velvet helped her 'rezip' the file with the 'bad' pictures removed and sent them back to Melissa.
While Velvet went and refilled their coffee, Jen took a deep breath preparing herself for the next group of pictures, knowing as tasteful as the first set was, the second set would be more pornographic. She had masturbated not once, but twice for the camera, and she was reluctant to look at how she would be portrayed within them.
She had masturbated with a dildo, her mind screamed at her, her body flushing with shame as Velvet returned.
Knowing she was putting off the inevitable, Jen opened up the first picture of the series.
Her eyes opened in surprise as how sensual she looked in the teeny monokini, her body seductive and curved. Although she was next to nude, the pictures were of high quality and tastefully done.
"Damn, you look so hot," Velvet said beside her and Jen had to agree.
She was not an egotistical girl, but she was also not blind to her body being one men found extremely appealing—she would not have made it this far stripping if she were ugly. Still, she never saw herself as 'beautiful' or 'hot,' instead considering herself to be slightly above average; however, the woman looking at the camera was nothing but beautiful, hot, and extremely seductive. Again Jen could not believe it was her as she began going through the pictures.
As with the previous set, she deleted the pictures she did not like, mainly ones with her eyes closed or partially open or a stupid expression on her face.
And then they came to the pictures of Jen's finger in her slit.
The first thing that came to Jen's mind was she could not believe how sensual and beautiful the scene was, her head tilted back, her breasts thrusted out, and her finger wedged between her legs. Although pointedly pornographic, the scene was still one of a beautiful, hot, seductive woman.
Going through the series, there were several close-ups of Jen's finger between her labia, the view showing every pore in her skin, as well as her arousal evident from the glistening folds of skin. And yet, the pictures were not ugly, but beautifully taken. Even Velvet commented on how she had never seen a more beautiful pornographic photo.
The next group of pictures was those of her and the dildo—the large black rubber toy first partially, then halfway, and then fully inserted into her vagina. Even these pictures, as pornographic as they could be, seemed almost tastefully done, the ugly raw nature of the act instead being one of seduction.
Jen finally admitted her body complimented the photos, her natural curves and colors making the hard core pictures less hard, almost artistic.
Most of the pictures were close-ups of her masturbating with the dildo, but she came across a series of pictures with her lying on her back, realizing these were ones Velvet had taken, and still was amazed at how sensual she looked.
Moving into the next series—of her in the hot tub—Jen could not help but feel aroused looking at the photos, the idea of hundreds—no, thousands—of men looking at her, masturbating to her, and using her as their fantasy coming to her mind.
Jen had been reluctant to view the pictures. There had even been a thought in the back of her mind of deleting all the pictures of her in compromising positions. Now, she barely removed any before sending the zipped files back to Melissa.
In the end, Jen had only removed 25 of the 145 pictures, knowing Melissa had looked through and removed several hundred as Velvet left her alone and she went through her e-mail.
Jen was surprised at the number of e-mails she had received having just arrived as the official Spokesmodel. Many of them were from other dancers from other clubs, her responsibilities of being a DSA Spokesmodel to serve as the liaison between the company and the dancers evident.
Most of the e-mails were complaints towards other strippers, and Jen realized the drama from her club was nothing compared to some of these other clubs. Feeling the need to validate her job, she read through all of them, replying with if not an answer, at least stating she would talk to all the girls when she toured through their club in the coming weeks.
Several of the e-mails were from newer dancers asking advice. Jen was amazed at some of the naiveté from the girls. From the few messages she read, it seemed when a girl was hired, they were literally 'thrown to the wolves' and left to fend for themselves.
Calling Velvet into the room she asked her assistant, "You are fairly new to dancing. When you started did anybody take you under their wing or give you advice or teach you any of the basic tricks of dancing?" she asked the young girl.
Velvet laughed as if it were some private joke. "Hell no," she exclaimed. "I was hired and told to start that night. Nobody talked to me—and I barely made any tips other than pity tips at being the 'new girl' and an oddity. Everything I learned was from watching and spying on the other girls," she told Jen, confirming her suspicions.
"OK, then we have some work to do," Jen said as she asked Velvet to sit down.
Then Jen began to brainstorm, Velvet taking notes as she talked. "Obviously the first thing we need is sort of a mentorship or training program for new girls," Jen told the young woman.
Seeing Velvet's surprise and enthusiasm she felt validated as they began to discuss how to find the right women to teach the new girls.
"Although I'm sure he'll bitch about it," Jen was saying, "even if we have to ship the girls to another club for a brief 'internship' it will be worth the investment and I think Mr. DeWight will agree to it. Hell, he's paying an arm and a leg for me to fly all over God's creation to dance so why not new girls who will make a similar return on his investment?" she asked nobody in particular as Velvet continued taking notes.
"Also we need to give the girls a list of stripper essentials," she said as Velvet looked at her quizzically. "You know, the regular stuff such as Wet Ones, scissors, make-up...shit like that," Jen told her.
Then suddenly a thought came to her.
"Vending machines!" she said loudly, startling Velvet. Seeing her assistant's questioning look Jen continued her thoughts. "Mr. DeWight has those goddamn water machines in every club by now," she said as Velvet nodded, confirming her theory. "Well, why not add a vending machine that sells stripper essentials. We obviously cannot give them out for free, but every girl will have singles," she laughed, "so we can put stuff like Wet Ones, tampons, small make-up kits, superglue—all the shit every girl needs in an emergency. That way the girls won't have to beg, borrow, or steal from each other. The only thing they need to bring to the club is their clothes, and Hell, we can even put one-size-fits-all G-strings or stockings in the machines!" Jen exclaimed, anxious at her idea.
Velvet agreed enthusiastically, writing down everything and volunteering to look into all-purpose vending machines.
"Mr. DeWight will be in town tomorrow," Velvet told Jen as she left the office to type up better copies of her notes, "so I'll have everything you need to shoot your ideas past him. I can't believe nobody has thought of this before," she said admirably as Jen smiled.
For once Jen felt good about her position. She believed if she could do some good by standardizing some of the basic concepts all dancers dealt with each night, she could do some good for everybody. For once she was excited working, not as some slut or fantasy for guys to jerk off to, but somebody who could help out other dancers.
She spent the remainder of the morning writing down her ideas, glad to actually be working and even enjoying the time she spent writing down her ideas and sharing them with Velvet through their instant messaging system, her assistant busily typing all her plans into a reasonable format to present to Mr. DeWight.
She did not realize how engrossed she was with her thoughts until Velvet came into her office with a salad, telling her she needed to eat something before her shoot.
Surprised, Jen looked at the clock, amazed to see it was already 12:35 P. M. Time had flown by as she had become completely absorbed in her work.
Reminded of her next appointment, she felt the sudden panic of her looming photo-shoot at one o'clock. Melissa had told her it was another model, so Jen wondered what other woman she would be working with.
Would they be doing a lingerie set? Would she be expected to be as blatantly sexual as she was yesterday?
She suddenly became fearful at having to expose herself before yet another woman as her nerves started to get the best of her.
Seeing her face and immediately guessing the gist of her thoughts, Velvet laughed and told her it would be alright.
Moving over to the wet bar the young woman poured some liquid into a large glass with ice, handing it to Jen.
"Here," she told Jen. "It's vodka, I know you prefer that," she said. Seeing Jen's mouth open to protest Velvet held up her hand, "No, you know you need the liquid courage like you needed the wine yesterday," her assistant admonished her. "In fact, I'll bring the bottle down with us so you won't have to mix liquor with wine," she said smiling.
Her thoughts on the upcoming photo-shoot, Jen barely tasted her salad, her head jerking in surprise as her computer 'dinged' announcing her next appointment.
She quickly swallowed the last of her drink—somewhat surprised she had drank all of the tall glass—before standing up, her and Velvet making their way down to the tenth floor.
The vodka warmed her stomach and settled some of her nerves—at least enough she did not think she would see her salad again anytime soon, as she blindly followed her assistant through the corridors.
Her and Velvet drew a few stares, but Jen believed it was more from the bottle of vodka Velvet was carrying than the fact of two hot women walking around, but she once again became conscious of her role within the company.
As they reached the tenth floor, she automatically turned left to head in the direction they had gone the day before when Velvet caught her attention. "Melissa said you were shooting in another studio," she explained as Jen wondered how many studios there were in the building.
Then she realized it was logical to have more than one photo area, as the nature of the company would require multiple sets, even multiple photographers working at the same time.
Confirming her suspicions, they passed several doors labeled as studios, some even having red signs saying 'Shoot in progress' confirming she was not the only model being photographed that day.
Finally they reached Studio 12, which also had a sign stating a shoot was in progress. Velvet tentatively knocked on the door which was immediately opened by a young man in his early twenties. The boy blatantly looked Velvet up and down before smiling—the type of smile every confident man gets when he knows he will have the woman he is looking at on the end of his dick before the night is over.
Jen looked at Velvet and seeing the heat in her assistant's face, realized the young man's confidence was not misplaced as she cleared her throat.
Immediately the guy looked at her, his eyes growing wide. "Diamond! I'm sorry, I should have expected you. And this lovely woman is...?" his voice trailed off as he once again looked at Velvet, or more so her body as she introduced herself.
The man smiled as if some deal had been struck in his favor as he opened the door further, inviting the two women in.
Entering the studio Jen saw this room was at least three times the size of the one they were in yesterday, the studio actually looking like an apartment complete with kitchen area, living room and fireplace, as well as a bedroom. There were no 'rooms' per se, each area abruptly beginning and ending between each other, but Jen realized each area was a separate set, where pictures could be taken quickly showing one room versus another without having to move equipment all around.
Her next surprise was seeing a lot more people than yesterday. She recalled Melissa stating it was her lighting assistant's day off yesterday, and seeing the young man who opened the door adjusting the spotlights and other equipment, she assumed he was Melissa's lighting assistant. Also in the room were three other men, two working on lights and what looked like television cameras.
But it was the third man that took up Jen's attention, immediately feeling her pulse speed up at his handsome face. Truth be told, he was gorgeous, with medium length black hair, a face that would put even Brad Pitt to shame, and if the bulges and lumps beneath his clothing was any indication, worked out considerably.
Jen felt a tingle of warmth between her legs as the man looked over at her, her breath catching as she looked directly into his crystal blue eyes.
Smiling at her, Jen immediately felt her sex become wet, never having met such a handsome man in person before as he and Melissa walked over to her.
"There she is!" Melissa exclaimed. "Just on time dear," she said as she saw Jen's face staring at the gorgeous man and laughing. "Come, I want you to meet everybody," she said guiding Jen into the 'kitchen' area by her hand.
"First that is Christopher my assistant," she waved over to the young man who had opened the door for them, confirming her earlier guess. The young man waved back, more so to Velvet than anybody else as he resumed working on the lighting fixtures.
"Over there on the video equipment are Daryl and James, two of my top notched cameramen," she said.
Jen looked at her in surprise. "Video?" she said with some alarm.
Melissa laughed, "Yes dear, normally I film most shoots. With yesterday being your first I didn't want to scare you off or anything," she smiled. "Besides, as I mentioned I don't normally shoot on Tuesdays, so everybody was off and I only had myself to work the camera. But after yesterday I didn't think you'd have much problem being in front of more than one camera. I film most shoots in case it is worth keeping. Today's shoot is going to be pretty standard," she explained, "in fact, yesterday's shoot probably saw more action," she laughed to Jen's obvious embarrassment.
The photographer then looked at the handsome man standing next to her, "And speaking of shoots, this gorgeous hunk of man is Sean Steele, professionally known as Steele Rod," she laughed. "He'll be your partner in today's shoot," she said.
Jen's mind went blank as she stared in shock at first Melissa, then the handsome man before her.
"Partner?" she said faintly, feeling as if she were about to faint, her nerves returning in full force.
"Yes," Melissa said furrowing her brow. "I told you today's shoot was going to be the pair of you," she said in way of explanation.
Jen realized when the woman had mentioned her modeling with another model she had wrongly assumed it would be another woman. Looking at the gorgeous man before her, she felt her heart flutter, both from embarrassment and desire as he looked at her with his clear blue eyes, smiling genuinely at her.
Her heart once again fluttered as she saw his perfect teeth, wondering what his lips would feel like against her own.
She shook her head, dropping that fantasy before it even started as she looked at Melissa. "I..." she said, taking a deep breath before continuing, "I'm sorry, I had assumed it was another female model," she said somewhat embarrassed.
The photographer laughed, "I'm sorry dear, I thought I filled you in on all the details. No worry though, as I said earlier today's shoot is only going to be nudes. I'll have you both doing various simulated sex poses, but beyond that, it's going to be the two of you without involvement of your naughty parts," she laughed.
Jen's mind was still trying to grasp the concept of 'modeling naked' with a man as she looked at the photographer questioningly. "Simulated sex?" she asked to the other woman's laugh and the men's' smiles.
"Yes, you don't think all the porn you see on the internet is actual sex?" the photographer asked her. "Granted the blatant penetration scenes are, but the biggest secret of the trade is most of the time it's just the two models in various positions imitating sex," she explained. "If you see a woman on all fours and a man behind her moving back and forth, you immediately assume they are fucking, but the truth of the matter is nine times out of ten unless there is an actual scene of penetration involved, they are just going through the motions. It all comes down to acting my dear, and Sean here is the perfect partner for your first fake," she laughed.
Jen was abruptly relieved she would not be having sex in front of these people that did not even care they would be naked together.
The cold truth was although she KNEW she was hired to be DSA's leading porn actress, the reality was she still was not mentally prepared to have sex with a stranger in front of a camera. She realized somewhere deep in her heart she was in denial, hoping beyond hope something would intervene and she would be saved the disgrace of fucking men for other people to watch, and to know she would not be asked to perform such an act today was a great relief.
In almost a daze at the beautiful man in front of her as well as the reality of about to be photographed faking sex, Melissa guided her to a make-up table where the woman gave her a bright red lipstick. Then Melissa grabbed some more make-up and proceeded to touch up Jen's eyes and eyelashes.
Jen and the girls at the club had often applied each other's make-up, so it was not unusual for the photographer to be doing so. Having somebody else apply make-up was often better to even out both sides that might get missed in a mirror.
As she put on the make-up, the photographer informed her of the shoot.
"Now, the trick to couple scenes is you always want to look slutty. The normal 'girl next door' look does not come across well on camera, particularly when the audience is expecting a sex scene. Yesterday your shades were bright enough for the first shooting, and the darker colors for the second shoot were perfect contrast to your skin," she was telling Jen, "but today we want you to have a whorish look," she laughed.
Velvet came by the pair and handed Jen another vodka, which she graciously thanked and took a large sip of the liquor before turning back to Melissa.
"It's not going to be that bad," the photographer smiled. "Besides, Sean is a hunk," she winked at Jen.
Jen told her vodka was actually her preferred drink, even at the clubs, and the woman told her she would take note of that and make sure any future shoots with her were well-stocked.
"You know, I was thinking about that earlier," the photographer told Jen with a penetrating look.
"Vodka?" Jen asked confused.
"No, no, your other photo-shoots," the woman explained. "If you don't mind, I'd like to talk with Mr. DeWight and become your personal photographer," she said. Seeing Jen's blank look she smiled, "Normally whenever one of the girls goes on tour he just finds a local photographer, but you photograph so well it would be a shame to miss out and have somebody film you wrong," she said. "Would you mind?" she asked Jen, as if it were Jen's decision and not Mr. DeWight's.
Jen though about the possibility of posing in front of another stranger, or even male photographer, and actually liking the woman even though they had met only yesterday, told her she would not mind at all.
"Great, I'll talk to him tomorrow," the woman said. "Though if today's shoot doesn't pan out, he'll definitely want somebody else," she said dejectedly.
At that moment Jen again realized there were more people's lives involved with the company than herself and her own problems. Just as when she had thought the first day of entering the building and seeing all the people in the lobby, here was another person who, if Jen did not do the right thing with the FBI, could be impacted.
Glancing at Velvet, she mentally notched both of the women in her list of 'people she did not want to hurt' as she wondered not for the first time how she would obtain evidence for the FBI.
Once Melissa was finished with Jen's make-up—her drink emptied and resupplied twice by Velvet—Jen's nervous jitters were calmed. The alcohol was soothing to her, giving her the liquid courage she needed.
Getting up, she followed Melissa as the woman waved over to Sean who joined them. Je saw the other men—Christopher, Daryl, and James—taking readings from various equipment and adjusting the lights and cameras in preparation for the scene as she focused back to Melissa. Based on where the cameras were set up and pointing, she figured the scene was either in the 'kitchen' area or to the side of the 'living room' area, although she was still too new to know definitively what was going on.
"Diamond sweetie, what are you wearing under that dress?" the photographer asked abruptly.
Jen blushed as she answered, "Uh, a black thong like I had on yesterday," looking at the male model embarrassed.
Once again context and situation was everything, Jen realized. In a club setting she would have been dancing around in nothing but a thong, but here in an office building, it felt out-of-place to be talking about her underwear.
"Good," the photographer answered, not noting Jen's hesitation in answering. "I was originally going to have a full wardrobe, but you look stunning in that dress," she said, turning to the male model. "And Sean, you are the male equivalent to Diamond here, you look good in anything so we're going to do this in the street clothes your both wearing," she told them.
Jen shrugged as the dress she was wearing was good enough for her, but then her heart stopped when Melissa said, "Besides, I don't expect your clothes to stay on for long," she said without any hint of joking around, as Jen once again felt her nervousness return.
The photographer continued talking, oblivious to Jen's concerns.
"This is going to be a simple theme, as usual," she laughed looking up to the sky in mock frustration. "Why can't I get a good storyline for once," she said to nobody in particular before grinning at Sean and then Jen. "Anyways," she continued, "it's a simple scene: sexy woman waiting at home for sexy man, sexy man comes home and they make out, do a little fondling, strip down, tease each other, and then get into various positions," she said matter-of-factly.
Jen's mind was still reeling at the idea of getting naked with the male model, but she realized she was on a speeding train that could not be stopped at this point.
"Sean, Diamond here is a bundle of nerves," the photographer told the man next to her and catching Jen's attention, "so take things slow. We have all afternoon and I do not want another situation like Fernando and Destiny," she said.
Jen did not know who she was talking about as the man answered, "You know I don't roll like that," he said adamantly. "If I ever see his sorry ass again I'll beat the shit out of him," he said to the other woman.
"Yeah, well, you probably won't have that chance," she said looking at him pointedly. "Remember, Mr. DeWight takes care of his girls," she said ominously.
Jen realized some important interchange was occurring, briefly hoping the FBI agents were awake and recording as the photographer continued talking.
"Anyways," Melissa said, "Take things slow. Diamond, just let things take you where they will like yesterday. Until you feel comfortable enough, keep your dress on. We are pretty much free styling this so do what feels right. I won't stop you unless I need to give some direction or change the lighting, so go with the flow and let's make this a quick wrap," she said smiling.
"OK folks, let's do this!" Melissa said loudly to the other men who took positions by the other cameras.
Turning to Jen she instructed, "OK Diamond, the first few shots are going to be you alone. Take your drink, keep it with you and relax on the bar stools, show off your body as you feel up to it. The goal here is to have every guy wanting you before Sean even enters the room, alright?" she asked.
Jen nodded as she moved to the bar stools and sat down, crossing her legs.
The familiar sound of the cameras began and Jen felt her nerves once again overwhelm her as she took another pull from her glass of vodka.
Finally she looked at Melissa and asked, "Can we have some music?" as the other woman nodded with a smile, waving to Christopher who Jen saw was talking to Velvet in the corner.
The man stepped away from her and Jen saw her assistant's face flushed, when suddenly the room filled with the steady piano playing of Amy Lee as Jen recognized 'My Immortal' by Evanescence. She realized it was the perfect song as she slid from the stool and slowly strolled around the 'kitchen' area, acting as naturally as she could under the odd circumstances.
Turning towards the camera, she lifted a picture frame up, looking at the male image longingly, acting as if missing a long lost lover as her thoughts turned to Dan.
"That's it dear," Melissa's voice came to her from the side, "That is perfect, the look on your face is perfect," she was saying as Jen stroked the fake picture with her finger while the music played.


When you cried I'd wipe away all of your tears. When you'd scream I'd fight away all of your fears. And I held your hand through all of these years. But you still have All of me

She continued thinking about Dan, how their lives had been so peaceful before the tragedy that was Mr. DeWight came into her lives. She longed for their love, the incongruity of being in a company that promoted adult entertainment and her expecting to be the leading star, her love for Dan causing a tear to come down her face as the music built up slowly to the heavy guitar section.
Jen slowly spun, her hand moving to her face to 'wipe away all of the tears' as Melissa urged her on. Getting into the music and her nerves calmed by the vodka she had drunk, Jen slid her hand down her face, neck, and then slowly stroked her breast through the dress as she moved it down further.
The song ended and Jen turned as another Evanescence song, 'Whisper,' began to play. She realized she had heard it earlier this morning in the limousine, the thought sending a warm thrill through her as she remembered being naked before her chauffer yet again, the naughtiness of her doing something like that causing her body to warm.
Jen began to move with the music, being embolden by the steady beat as she walked slowly around the waist-high kitchen island, turning slowly raising herself to sit on it, crossing her legs slowly in a long fan to the music.
She was not necessarily dancing, but moving in exaggerated movements, letting her body flow with the music as she leaned back, thrusting out her chest, maintaining her poses for several seconds in case Melissa gave her any direction as she sat upon the kitchen island and moved her body to the song.
Jen uncrossed and re-crossed her legs as the music filled her, almost gasping as she felt a hand on her shoulder, so absorbed in the music she had become.
Turning, she saw Sean, the male model smiling at her as his hand snaked round her neck and drew her face closer to his.
Jen was feeling the effects of the music and alcohol as her lips met his, her mouth opening as their tongues began dancing together.
In her mind were thoughts of Dan, but she knew she had to go through with this so put her fears behind her as she met the man's kiss, gasping against his lips as she felt his hand cup her breast through her dress. Although Jen's mind was focusing on Dan, her body was a surge of hormones, the touch of the male model like fire, burning through her clothes to her very core between her legs. Her pulse sped up, her skin heated as she continued to French kiss the model.
The man moved slowly, complying with Melissa's earlier direction to give Jen time to adjust as he slowly continued to kiss her, letting her take the lead for the photo set as the song slowly faded.
Another Evanescence song came on and Jen realized it was probably a full mix tape, hearing the melodic lyrics of 'Secret Door' play as she raised her hands, sliding them across the hard shoulders of the man kissing her. Without hesitation she slid her hands lower, across the flat stomach of the man whose mouth was against hers, amazed at how hard his body was, wondering what it felt like without the shirt.
Then she realized it was completely her whim on whether she would feel his bare skin.
As the man kissed her, she turned and slid one leg in front of him until he was wedged between her legs, their kiss never breaking.
Jen reached up and began unbuttoning the man's shirt as the melodic music played around her and she continued kissing him, their tongues dancing together within their mouths.
Her body was a flood of arousal as she reached his belt, tugging the shirt out from his pants and spreading it across his shoulders. Jen moaned in the man's mouth as her hands stroked his firm, smooth chest, feeling his warm skin against her palms.
Finally Sean broke their kiss, tilting his head back as Jen ran her hands across his chest. He looked down at her and smiled and she smiled in return as he pulled her forward to her feet.
She gasped as he spun her around, pressing her back and ass against him as his hands wrapped around her, moving across her dress-covered stomach, her chest, down her bare arms. Meanwhile his lips and tongue were stroking her ear, then her neck, sending goose bumps over her body as his pelvis continued to press tightly against her ass.
He moved methodically, touching but not touching her.
Between one second and the next, as 'Never Go Back' played around her, Jen's mind lost all thoughts of Dan, her arousal flooding her as she forgot about the people around her, forgot about the FBI or Mr. DeWight. Her only thoughts were filled with the here and now and the man touching her.
And still he made no move other than to slide his hands over her leather dress, not making any moves to take it off or do anything to 'spook' her. The power of knowing he would not progress beyond the point she dictated overwhelmed her, feeling in more control than she had in weeks.
She would strip in front of this man because SHE wanted to, not because it was anybody's command or order.
Diamond—for she was truly Diamond at this moment as the music overcame her—heard more than felt the zipper of her dress slowly being lowered as the man continued kissing her neck. She was barely of her own hand gliding the zipper down, her mind recognizing the loosening of her dress as it was unzipped, her breasts expanding from the additional room as the cool air of the room hit her stomach, now bared.
Diamond realized there was only a few inches of zipper before she would be wearing nothing but a thong and high heels, but wanted to be that way as she gasped when the dress was fully unzipped.
Sean wasted no time in slipping the dress off her shoulders as she turned around, pressing her bare breasts against his equally bare chest as their mouths once again met.
Diamond groaned as her bare breasts absorbed the firmness of Sean's chest, the heat of his body like fire against her hardened nipples.
She groaned again as his hands slid down her bare back before clutching her ass cheeks tightly, never breaking their kiss.
'End Of The Dream' came, the heavy erotic beat playing as she heard Melissa's voice behind her. "That's it Diamond, you direct him. Why don't you kneel down and loosen his pants?" she suggested.
Diamond thought it would be a fantastic idea, wanting to see this gorgeous man completely nude as she slowly slid down his body, kissing his chest as she lowered herself as her left breast hit the hard member poking through his pants.
On her haunches in front of him, she looked up and grinned at him as she reached for his belt buckle.
"Good girl," Melissa's voice urged her on, "slowly, slowly, you want to prolong his agony," she said.
Diamond smiled and slowly undid the man's belt, pulling it out from his pants one belt loop at a time before tossing it behind her where it landed with a loud 'clunk' before she turned her attention to the fastening of his pants. Unsnapping them, she reached up and slowly, almost imperceptibly lowered his zipper.
She watched amazed as the fabric began to part as the zipper lowered, suddenly startled when his pants parted and his cock—a good ten inches she estimated—suddenly popped out of his pants. It would have landed upon her nose had she not reached up in time, grasping the firm member in her hands, Sean's hiss audible even over the music as her warm hand grasped his cock.
Without any hesitation she began stroking the firm shaft.
Suddenly the reality of what she was doing hit her and she looked in horror at Melissa who merely smiled. "That's it dear, you can touch. Tease him, this is what you want, what he wants, what we all want," Melissa coached her as she turned back to the hard rod of flesh in her hand.
She stared in awe at this hard male member. Even with one hand gripping hit—barely able to encircle her fingers around it—a good half a foot of cock was exposed to her as she slid her hand down to the base, his pelvis hitting her hand. Crouched down in front of him, his cock mere inches from her face, she looked up at him as almost unconsciously, her hand began to stroke the smooth velvety flesh. She wondered how something so soft could be so hard in her hands as the man above her groaned.
Diamond thought about the last time she was in this position, Tim's cock thrusting into her mouth against her will. Yet here, SHE was in control. She knew this man wanted her to take him into her mouth, but she had complete control and could stop at any time without any repercussions.
'Hello' began playing as Diamond felt her mouth slowly watering, her body anticipating the salty sweaty taste of the member against her tongue. But she held off, relishing the power she had in commanding the situation, knowing nothing would happen unless she allowed it.
Melissa's voice came from behind her, "That's it dear, you look so sexy controlling him, you are a natural," she intoned as Diamond slowly stroked the cock in front of her face as Melissa's soft voice urged her on.
As the song played around her, Melissa's voice told her, "You can taste it if you want, oral is not considered penetration, it's all up to you," she said softly.
Diamond stared at the hard cock in front of her, a shining bead of pre-cum formed on the tip and realized she WANTED to taste him. Looking up at Sean who was staring down at her, she slowly opened her mouth, sticking out her tongue.
The man groaned in anticipation seeing her mouth opened and her tongue moving towards him, but Diamond knew she was still in control as she slowly rested his cock upon her tongue.
"Oh my goodness," Melissa said, the sounds of the camera clicking away," that is so sexy, keep that pose a few more seconds Diamond," she intoned as she moved to Diamond's side.
Diamond's mouth watered more with the firm soft flesh against her tongue as Melissa moved away. Finally she could stand it no longer and moving her head forward, took the cock into her mouth as Sean let out a yell of pleasure at the hot, moist sensation of her mouth closing around his shaft.
Diamond's mouth was opened wide as she took in the hard member, realizing he was at least two inches wide or more. Her lips were stretched around him, but not uncomfortable as she began sucking the cock before her, almost oblivious to the clicks of the camera, the music around her, or even the man's groans as he clutched the kitchen countertop for support.
She took more and more of the hard member into her mouth until it was pressing against the back of her mouth, the man's moans almost loud as her own as she tasted his saltiness, his hard shaft surrounded by her lips, her tongue stroking the firm vein underneath.
Diamond's hands wrapped around the man's hips, clutching his firm butt as she began moving her head back and forth, the hard cock sliding like a piston across her red lips.
Diamond continued sucking his cock, building up enough lubricant around his cock to move forward with her next plan as 'What You Want' began to play over the CD player. She almost smiled as she planned on exactly that.
Soon Sean's cock was covered with her saliva, the liquid foaming in her mouth and around his shaft from the vigorous thrusts she was giving with her head. Up until now she had only taken about six inches of the firm member into her mouth, but now with enough lubricant she slowed her thrusts and looked up at Sean, catching his attention as she patted his ass.
As his eyes locked upon hers she slowly moved her head forward, loosening her throat as she slowly, centimeter by centimeter, took his entire cock into her throat!
"Oh fuck!" Sean cried out as Diamond's nose pressed against his pelvis, his almost foot-long cock fully engulfed by her.
She felt proud at her accomplishment; even though she could not breathe, she had taken enough breaths to keep his cock lodged in her throat as she slowly moved back and forth, the head of his cock popping in and out of the back of her throat as she guided him into her tight esophagus.
The sounds of his cock forcing into her throat—the sounds of 'squelch' and 'gachkt' echoing around the set—were all she heard as she continued to force his cock into her throat over and over.
She heard Sean groan again as his voice rose above the music—'Good Enough'—stating, "Melissa, we need a break, otherwise this is going to be short session," he gasped.
Diamond heard a laugh behind her as Melissa's voice came to her, "OK Diamond, let him go. Let's take a ten minute break to cool down.
Diamond moaned, wanting to feel the cock cum down her throat, but relinquished her control as she slowly pulled her head back, the cock slowly gliding out of her mouth until it finally popped out, the loud 'smooch' sound filling the room as she stood up with a grin.
"You are amazing," Sean told her as he moved away and grabbed a bottle of water from the side of the set, downing the entire bottle in one gulp.
Jen could not believe what she had done, actually sucking a male model off in a photo shoot! What had she been thinking?
Of course, she knew exactly what she had been thinking. The music paused and she watched Velvet come towards her with a smile and another glass of vodka which she eagerly accepted.
"Oh my God, that was so fucking hot," Velvet said. "I didn't think you wanted to go very far, but then it was like 'wham' and you were this unbelievably erotic vixen," she said. "I've never seen such a sexy blowjob," the girl said to her.
Jen smiled at her and said, "Stripper Diamond," in way of explanation as the two girls laughed. "I can't believe I did it either," she admitted, "it just...well, it just happened," she said.
Melissa walked over to them with a large smile. "Girl, each time I think you are going to run with a look of a deer in the headlights, you overcome it and surpass every expectation," the woman told her. "That was one of the sexiest scenes I have ever shot, and I've done a thousand of these," she said to Jen who thanked her.
"No, you don't understand," the photographer told her seriously, "I have literally seen hundreds of blowjobs. Sean himself has received probably as many and he has NEVER had to call a break because of one. I actually heard him once say he could never orgasm from oral sex," she laughed, "but I think you just proved that theory wrong."
Jen could not believe what she had done—mainly sucked off a man in front of a camera—or how matter-of-fact people were talking about it. Once again the oddity of her new life and role came upon her, a reality where she could have oral sex with a stranger and people talk about it as calmly as if the weather were changing.
She looked over to Sean who was standing with the other guys, naked and completely at ease as they quietly talked, occasionally glancing over to her. She too was practically naked, wearing nothing but her thong and high-heeled shoes, yet felt sexy as hell, her body still aroused from the scene she had done.
She had once read an article where porn stars stated they rarely got aroused during a photo shoot with another actor, that it was just another job. Yet she could not deny how she had felt as she kissed, then stripped, and then sucked the other model. A deep dark place within her actually found herself hoping all scenes were like that, where she could enjoy the sensations and not be forced into doing what she did not want to do.
Melissa's voice rose above the subtle chatter of the two groups, "OK folks, let's get the second series going," she said.
As Jen moved towards her Melissa said to her, "Now you get the favor returned," she smiled as Jen finished the rest of her drink. Seeing Jen's questioning face the photographer laughed, "My dear, what's good for the goose is good for the gander," she told her. "The nice thing about men giving oral sex for a photographer is the woman can cum all they want--they're not tied up for the next hour like the guys," she winked. "So enjoy yourself," she chuckled as Jen felt her heart skip, realizing what was expected from the next scene.
Downing another drink Velvet handed her, she watched Sean move towards her as Melissa one again directed them for the next scene.
"Now," Melissa told them, "I want you two to start off kissing by the kitchen island again. Again, Diamond is the lead on this, so when you feel she's ready, we'll move to the next scene going where Sean returns the favor," she smiled.
Jen felt her heart clench as she heard the man chuckle as well. Looking around, she suddenly became aware of the other men in the room, her heart skipping as she realized these men had watched her willingly suck off another guy!
She almost felt a panic attack come on as Velvet, the wonder that she was, handed Jen another vodka, which she drank down in two gulps.
The CD player once began playing, more Evanescence as Jen recognized 'My Last Breath.'
"OK, let's make this a go," Melissa said as Jen gasped when Sean immediately took her into his arms, his lips planted firmly against her own as his tongue pressed into her mouth.
Once again she became fully aware of her breasts pressed against the firm warm chest of the man as his mouth eagerly sought hers. As his tongue slipped into her mouth she moaned, her body once again ignoring any protests of morality from her mind as her pulse immediately sped up and her tongue met Sean's, dancing within each other's mouths.
Moaning plaintively when Sean broke the kiss, she gasped when he leaned down and took her left nipple into his mouth, his tongue flicking across her hardened bud as she clutched the back of his head, pulling him further into her chest as the music sped up.
Diamond's weakness had always been her breasts, and as the man sucked and gently bit first one, then her other breast she felt her knees weaken as pure lust overwhelmed her, overriding any decency she may have been holding.
Sean stood up as if he knew exactly what she was feeling and without any strain grasped her hips and lifted her up on to the kitchen island.
She gasped as the cold tile hit her ass cheeks, and Sean smiled at her as he moved between her legs. He gently pushed her back and Diamond complied, laying back on the island until she could no longer see what the man was doing as he crouched between her legs.
She felt her legs lifted and Sean guide her heels to the island, her knees spread as her heels hooked on the edges of the island. Suddenly she felt him grasp the side bands of her thong and without a thought or care she slowly pushed against the island and lifted her hips while Sean pulled the thong away from her pelvis. The crotch suddenly sprang free, the cool air of the room stroking her wet slit as she felt him pull her legs up over her body.
She watched as the man slowly lifted her legs and slid the thong down/up her thighs, then calves, finally pulling her feet free from the black material.
Smiling down at her, he once again spread her legs, blatantly looking at her sex as she waited with anticipation.
She did not have long to wait as he lowered her feet back onto the island, as 'Lacrymosa' began playing over the speakers. At the same time Diamond let out a yell of pleasure as Sean wasted no time, his tongue diving into her slit and filling her with his tongue as his oral appendage burrowed into her core.
Instinctively lifting her hips against his face, she felt him press them back down as Melissa and one of the cameramen—Daryl she believe—move over Sean's shoulders with their cameras, filming Diamond's sex and Sean's oral assault upon it.
She let out another gasp as Sean's tongue stroked against her clit before again burying itself into her folds.
Diamond was in sheer pleasure as the other porn star ate her out, her hips held firmly against the island as she tried to buck them with each stroke against her sensitive parts.
Frustrated at him controlling her pelvis, she instead lifted her hands to her breasts, barely aware of the clicking of Melissa's camera as she began massaging her own breasts, pinching her nipples tightly as the man's mouth moved expertly over her sex.
"That's it Diamond, work yourself up, you want to cum, and I want to watch you cum," Melissa was saying. "The camera wants you to cum, cum for us Diamond," Melissa's voice intoned.
Diamond agreed with her, feeling the orgasm build faster and faster. She knew she was on the verge when suddenly her mind exploded as Sean thrust at least two fingers deep within her, setting off a series of orgasms that had her bucking and thrashing upon the kitchen island even with him holding her down, to the encouragement of Melissa and the camera.
Her body was uncontrollable as she let the orgasm overwhelm her, the music—now playing 'Tourniquet'—playing in the background as she focused on it in an attempt to subside her sexual convulsions.
It was no use though as Sean's hand thrusted furiously in and out of her, her vaginal walls clenching in attempts to grasp a hold of his fingers while she once again roughly squeezed her breasts.
She came over and over, wave upon wave of orgasms flooding through her as Sean's hands set off more orgasms than she could count, his hand repeatedly slamming deeply within her. She was now riding one continuous orgasm, not sure where one cluster of orgasms started and the other ended as her body absorbed the lustful assault.
She was barely aware of Melissa's voice as her body thrashed on the kitchen island. "OK Sean, let's let her come down. I want to get the sex scenes in before the day is over," she told the man.
Diamond moaned as his fingers slid out of her vagina, knowing he was done as she dropped her legs from the island, letting them dangle down, having too little strength to keep them raised while she lay panting.
"Ready dear?" Melissa asked her as she glibly nodded, her body completely overwhelmed from cumming.
"OK people, let's get this next scene going. Diamond, Sean is going to pull you up and turn you around. Although you two had your oral fun, we're going to play pretend now, as Mr. DeWight wanted to give you some time before the hardcore stuff," she told her.
Jen was surprised, originally thinking Mr. DeWight would have her fucking everything that moved. His blatant use of her body notwithstanding, she actually felt a moment of thankfulness he was the one requesting simulated sex scenes.
She could do pretend she realized, so nodded at Melissa in confirmation.
"OK, we'll keep the music going as it seems to help you better," the photographer said, "Yet another reason for you to have a dedicated photographer," the woman smiled as she moved back and waved for somebody to turn on the CD player again.
Soon 'Taking Over Me' began playing and Sean moved to her, pulling her torso up and into his arms as he met her with a deep kiss. Diamond instantly took over, her tongue thrusting into the man's mouth with a vengeance, giving his mouth the same assault he had recently done upon her slit.
Slowly he broke the kiss, raising her to her feet as he turned her around, bending her over the island.
She felt a momentary flash of fear and arousal at him about to fuck her as she felt him instead move against her, his cock pressing against her ass but not attempting anything beyond making it look like he was taking her from behind.
"Good, good," Melissa said. "Now Diamond, I want you to look at the camera, there you go, good girl," Melissa instructed her. "I want you to make a face like Sean has entered you, a mixture of delight and surprise at his size," she said.
Jen opened her eyes wide, parting her mouth as she looked at the camera in an attempt to make the expression asked.
"No, no dear, you look like somebody's goosing you," Melissa smiled. "Less shock and awe, and more carnality," she said.
Jen again tried to make her face look like she was having sex, but again the photographer told her it looked like she had eaten a lemon.
"How about if Sean strokes you with his fingers?" the photographer suggested.
Ashamed at her failure, knowing she was wasting everybody's time, she slowly nodded.
Suddenly she gasped as Sean's hand moved between her legs, his fingers stroking up and down her slit.
"That the look I want!" Melissa said. "Think you can give me that look and more? Sean can't stand like that with his hand lowered, it looks like he's cock-blocking himself," the photographer said.
"I'm sorry," Jen told her as the woman smiled.
"Don't worry dear, we'll work at it until we get it right," she told her.
The next song came on, 'Like You,' as Sean moved back into position. She tried several times at Melissa's direction to make the look the photographer wanted, but could never get her expression correct.
Even she was getting frustrated as the minutes passed by and she continued to make expressions Melissa said looked as if she were laying an egg, being pinched in the ass, or eating something foul.
The entire song had played through and she was almost to the point of tears at her frustration. As the song ended and the next one came on, she let out a gasp as 'All That I'm Living For' played and Sean's fingers slammed into her pussy.
Up until now he had been gently stroked her, giving her time to relax and get things correct; however, now she could feel even his frustration as his fingers slammed into her angrily while she gripped the sides of the counter with her hands, bracing herself against his assault upon her body.
"That's the look I want dear, now let's give it another try without Sean stroking you," the photographer said.
Jen could hear the exasperation in the photographer's voice, almost in tears as she nodded, clutching the counter and glancing at Sean. He tilted his head in question and looking directly into his eyes, she gave him a nod as he moved back in place behind her.
Suddenly Jen's eyes and mouth flew open as she clutched the sides of the counter with all her strength, letting out a loud grunt that echoed through the room as Melissa began taking pictures, the camera directly in front of her as looked at the photographer in surprise and shock.
"That's the look!" Melissa said as she quickly began taking more and more pictures. "Keep that look, that's exactly what I've been looking for," she said enthusiastically.
Jen was in complete shock and astonishment, not because she had finally made the right expression, but as to WHY she made it.
She grunted again as Sean's cock slid into her slit, still in complete disbelief and bewilderment at the size of his cock as well as the invasion of him when he was not supposed to be there.
Diamond continued to moan as his cock pulsed within her, her vaginal walls stretched wide from his girth as Melissa, unknowingly thinking she was faking it, urged her on.
"Good girl. That's it. Give me the look that you want that cock buried deep into you," she told her, unaware of what was really happening. "Sean, can you move closer to her ass, it doesn't look believable that you could even be near her, let alone inside her," she said.
Diamond let out a long mournful moan both at Melissa's direction and what was about to happen as Sean's hands grasped her hips tightly and slowly pushed his cock forward, sinking it fully into her cunt until his pelvis was against her ass!
Jen again let out a yell, part scream and part desirous moan as her body felt like it was being split open from the huge member, now deep within her core and practically invading her uterus. Her cry was muffled by the music playing as it ended and 'Going Under' began blaring through the room.
Melissa was still unwittingly urged her on, telling her she finally had the right expression as Jen groaned, mentally trying to loosen her vaginal walls to accommodate the large cock inside of her.
Her body was once again overcome with desire, her earlier orgasms seeming to merely prime her as she felt every ridge, bump, and groove of Sean's cock inside her as he began sliding in and out of her. She groaned again as her vaginal walls tightened even further, unaccustomed to such a large cock. She had not been with something this size—well, since Mr. DeWight had fucked her, but she had been drugged then.
After the frustrating attempts to make a face like she was actually having sex, she realized she could say something, bring to light the breach of faith Sean had caused, but instead, she kept quiet, urged on by the photographer as the man's large cock moved inside of her.
'Call Me When You're Sober' began to play as Melissa continued to take pictures from in front of Jen. Finally she told Sean to speed up his 'thrusts' and as the music began playing, the porn star began to literally fuck her, his large cock pounding into her repeatedly.
Melissa finally moved around the kitchen island, explaining she wanted to get some angle shots, the photographer still believing they were faking the sex scene.
Jen looked back over her shoulder and saw Sean smile at her as his cock slammed into her and she grunted. He winked at her as Melissa asked him to slow down, his cock twitching inside her as Diamond again moaned, the suddenly halt of movement setting her off and her pussy stretched tightly around him.
Movement behind Sean caught her eye and she saw the other guys smiling at her, realizing in horror they knew what was happening, content to let Melissa guide them in their 'simulated sex' scene.
At Melissa's direction she turned back to the camera as the song slowly sped up, and then transitioned into 'Disappear.'
Then she heard the words she almost expected. "OK, Sean, can you pretend you are thrusting into her, just match the beat of the song?" she suggested. "And Diamond, you need to keep pretending that large monster is inside you, ok?" she asked.
Without another word Sean pulled back and slammed back into her cunt, her grunts a mixture of pleasure and pain as the large cock buried itself into her over and over.
Her arousal was building as the pain was overcome, her body eager to accept the large member thrusting into her as Melissa, still unaware of anything untoward going on, urged them both on.
Diamond was grunting in complete lust now, her breasts sliding back and forth across the island top as Sean plowed his cock in and out of her. Each thrust he buried himself almost to her cervix, her grunts in answer as she gripped the edge of the counter tightly.
Melissa kept taking picture after picture as she moved to one side and then the other.
As Sean fucked her, Diamond realized her hips were rocking to meet his thrusts as the song came to an end, the steady 'slap-slap' of Sean's pelvis slamming into her ass suddenly audible as the track apparently reached its end.
"God guys, that looks so real," Melissa said, "I'm going to get some back shots now," she said as she moved around the island.
The camera continued clicking as Diamond grunted in response to Sean's barrage upon her pussy until she heard a startled, "Oh, no wonder it looked real" from the photographer.
As if it suddenly discovering a couple having sex when they were not supposed to was a normal occurrence, the photographer said, "Sean, can you keep that rhythm up for a bit? I really want some back shots," she said as the camera clicked and he continued to thrust in and out of Diamond's slit.
Sean grunted as he thrust into her before saying, "She's really tight Mel, please make it fast," he grunted as he pulled back and once again slammed into Diamond, her loud grunt of pleasure echoing through the room as she was fucked by the huge cock.
Diamond met each thrust as Sean slammed into her, her grunts and moans of pleasure filling the room. Vaguely she realized the music had stopped, the steady 'slap-slap' and occasional 'squish' of Sean's cock entering her and his body hitting hers the only sounds besides the camera clicking over and over filling the room.
Suddenly Diamond let out a primordial howl, her body flooded with orgasm as Sean's cock pounded in and out of her. Involuntarily her pussy clamped down on the cock, tightening her canal even further as Sean let out a yell, "I got to do it now Mel," he cried out.
The photographer shouted, "On her back, on her back, we need a money shot," she said as Diamond's body continued to convulse in orgasm.
She let out a whimper as Sean's cock completely pulled out of her pussy, groaning at the vacuum when she felt a sudden warmth on her back.
"That's it, that's a nice load," Melissa was saying as Diamond realized she was being sprayed with cum all across her back.
She felt Sean nestle his cock between her ass cheeks, his hands pressing her butt together around his cock as she felt more warmth on her lower back, knowing he was still cumming, using her ass to milk his cock.
On a sudden impulse she reached back, her fingers trailing through the slippery warm fluid as she pulled her hand in front of her, not even thinking as she sucked her fingers into her mouth, moaning at the taste of cum.
It was only the clicking of the camera that brought her back to reality as Melissa took picture after picture of Diamond's fingers in her mouth, sucking on the cum from the man behind her.
She laid there for several minutes, bent over the kitchen island, a man's cum cooling on her back until she heard the room erupt in applause. Turning around, she saw all four men, as well as Velvet and Melissa clapping.
"That was astounding dear," Melissa was saying. "That you would not waste the shoot and let Sean follow through and enter you was something I am so impressed about, I will definitely put in a good word with Mr. DeWight," she said.
"I what?" Jen asked in surprise.
Sean looked at her and nodded, "Yeah, when you turned around and gave me the 'Go Ahead' I couldn't believe it, and damn girl, you took in every inch without complaint!" he said in amazement. "There are a lot of girls who would have stopped me halfway in," he said, clearly impressed with her.
Jen felt her body flush in embarrassment. She HAD turned around and nodded at him, but only to tell him she was ready to try faking her expression again, not that she was giving him any 'Go Ahead' and allowing him to fuck her. Realizing the mistake, and it being too late to reverse time, she merely stood there as Velvet wiped off her back with a towel.
"Wow, he really packs a load," her assistant said as she cleaned Jen off.
Jen was handed her thong and dress which she quickly put on, suddenly conscientious about being nude in front of everybody; however, people were not even paying attention to her, packing up equipment or like her in Sean's case, getting dressed. She once again could not believe people were so nonchalant about what happened, the reality of this being 'just another day' in the life of a porn star again hitting her.
"That was one of the best couple scenes I've shot," Melissa told her once again after packing up her camera. "I'm not even going to tell Mr. DeWight about it at first," she said. "I'll just show him the proofs after you are done with them and let him see for himself," she said.
Jen could only imagine what the man would think when he saw her taking on the large cock willingly, but once again, what was done was done.
As her and Velvet were walking out the door, she heard Sean called out to them. She turned around and saw him with Christopher, Melissa's assistant, both her and her assistant moving to them as they waved her and Velvet over.
Once near them Sean said, "Hey. Christopher said Velvet told him you're not from around here, is that right?" he asked as Jen nodded in confirmation.
"Well, it's only fitting we give you the nickel tour," he said to her.
Jen looked at him questioningly as Christopher cut in. "Come on. Us and a couple others are going to hit the clubs tomorrow night, so why don't you girls join us?" he said, looking longingly at Velvet. "It should be plenty of advance notice, since Velvet said you are flying back home Saturday. We'll indoctrinate you into the real nightlife of LA," he said.
Jen saw Velvet blush as Christopher smiled at her, about to say no when the other girl looked at her expectantly. Finally with a sigh, she agreed, saying they could not stay out too late when Velvet interrupted her.
"Actually, that's not true. Friday morning your photo-shoot with Melissa is later and off-location—it's a good two hour drive so not only will you be able to sleep in until close to eight, but you'll have two hours in the car to nap!" she said enthusiastically.
Jen sighed in resignation. Velvet would be the one to know her scheduled more than she would, so figured she might as well go out as she nodded.
"Great, I'll e-mail Velvet with the details," Christopher said as he gave Velvet a quick peck on the cheek, causing the assistant to blush even more as the girls left and went back to the office.
Once at the office Jen decided to call it a day. It was already four o'clock and she had already had the oddest day, being fucked by a stranger. She was starting to feel despondent again, wanting nothing more than to try and get a hold of Dan to talk to him.
She was disturbed at what had happened downstairs with the latest photo-shoot, uncertain whether to tell Dan all that happened or not. If he asked, she would not lie and undoubtedly tell him, but she also did not want him to worry about things out of their control.
While waiting for the call that her limousine had arrived, Jen read more of her e-mail—most of it being more complaints from other strippers at the clubs. After answering them with her usual 'I will look into it on my visit there' reply, she received the call about her limousine being in the front.
Worn out mentally, physically, and emotionally, Jen climbed into the car and almost immediately dozed off, jerking awake when they pulled into the hotel drive after the car stopped. Thanking her chauffer, she told him she would see him tomorrow at nine o'clock as she made her way upstairs.
Ordering room service, she once again jumped into the shower, realizing she probably smelled like a hooker after a long productive night—the odor of sex and cum noticeable to her as she stepped into the hot shower.
Finishing her shower and stepping out of the stall, she heard silverware clattering in the room, and putting on a towel, she was not surprised to see the computer FBI agent Nick setting her table.
Hearing her come out of the bathroom he smiled at her. "That was great work today," he told her.
Jen immediately blushed, knowing the man had observed everything from her photo-shoot as he continued.
"When you got the photographer to talk about Fernando and Destiny we were able to do some digging. Destiny is a dancer who did some porn movies on the side for DSA. Nothing major, she was mostly used as a last-minute resort when something happened like no shows and what not. But Fernando, full name Fernando Marinez, has been missing for several months," he said, "about the same time that Destiny stopped doing porn movies."
Jen realized the agent had not been talking about her fucking during the photo-shoot at all, instead her 'great work' being her interest in the little tidbits about the porn star she had questioned Melissa and Sean about, remembering her hope of the FBI listening.
"Of course missing is a relative term," the FBI agent said, "as we have now identified one of the unknown bodies we found at a site recently purchased by—you guessed it, Charles DeWight III. We're investigating it as a homicide, as dead decayed bodies don't just show up in a recently landscaped park, but I'm not going to hold my breath. DeWight is a sly bastard," he told her.
Jen was amazed they could find out so much in only a few hours, hoping something would come up through the investigation to end her contract sooner rather than later.
"I'm sure there's more in this visit than you telling me about how good a job I am doing fishing for you agents," she said, seeing Nick's eyes resting upon her cleavage.
"Well, there is a slight problem," he said as Jen immediately wondered if something happened to Dan. "Well, not exactly a problem, more like a complication," he told her. "Actually, it was a complication that may turn out to be good fortune," he said.
"Just get on with it," Jen said, tired and frustrated from her day. Standing in nothing but a towel while the FBI agent—the same one who finger-fucked her behind her fiancé's back—ogled her nearly naked body was causing her to react in ways she did not want to acknowledge.
"Well, I was right about the hunch DeWight may search your house," he said as Jen felt her heart skip.
"He doesn't know about Dan, does he?" she asked with concern.
"No, no, nothing like that," Nick told her. "A bunch of DSA people were by your house Tuesday and took out a lot of your clothes, replacing them with new stuff—some of it quite sexy I might add," he grinned at her.
Jen had expected something like that to happen, Tim's comment about her wardrobe being replaced coming to her mind. She had thought it would be voluntary, but obviously Mr. DeWight needed to exert his control over her even more.
"Anyways, besides replacing your clothes they also put in some surveillance equipment," he told her. "So when you go home you need to watch what you say," he told her, looking at her tentatively.
Jen had seen that look on people before, telling her something while keeping back something even worse as she looked at him. "Get on with it, what else happened? Dan's alright, isn't he?" she asked again.
"Yes, he's fine," Nick told her. "In fact, he's been wining and dining with his buddy Chuck each night. They've been spending a lot of time at the Satin Kitty, and Chuck seems to think Dan has a thing for Kitten, so he's been putting them together almost every night," he said.
Jen realized she needed to talk to Mary as soon as possible. Although she could not explain fully what was going on, she hoped Dan filled her in on some of it so Mr. DeWight was not suspicious of anything.
"Don't worry, Dan's been a good boy, and your girl Kitten has taken things in stride. Dan's talked to her a little about what's going on, and we have a plan to remove her if something goes wrong," he told her.
The man looked at her again, his eyes more on her breasts than her face as she asked him, "So what? What happened?" she repeated
Finally Nick said, "When DeWight's men were planting their surveillance equipment they shorted out one of our own. They didn't find anything, so we're good there, but I had to go and fix the problem so it wouldn't happen again," he told her, looking at her as she waved him to continue.
Nick cleared his throat as she attempted to adjust her towel, which was about to fall past her breasts. Realizing the man had already seen her naked and having been a stripper for years, she finally decided to take it off, completely interrupting the FBI agent's train of thought as she went and put on her sleeping wear—a pair of lacey boy shorts and a matching half chemise. Finally she put on one of the hotel terry cloth robes.
Turning back around and looking at the FBI agent she caught her breath, seeing pure lust in the agent's eyes as she wondered if getting dressed in front of him had been a wise move. Then again, he was an agent and he knew everything said was being recorded, so she relaxed slightly and asked once again what he was holding back.
"Well, it seems Mr. DeWight has invited your fiancé to your debut party Friday night," he finally told her.
"What!" she exclaimed, "He knows about Dan?" she asked.
"Well, he obviously knows about Dan," the agent told her with a grin, "but not that he's your fiancé," he said looking at her with a grin.
"Then what?" she asked in confusion
"Well, as I said," he began as Jen realized he used the word 'well' quite a bit when he was nervous. "I went to fix the short in the equipment and while I was there, Mr. DeWight caught me," he stated.
"He what! Do we need to leave?" she said, suddenly fearful for her and Dan's safety.
"No, no, nothing like that," he told her with a grin. "I had mentioned DeWight was doing some digging into discovering your fiancé, remember?" he asked to which Jen nodded. "Well, I was just completing fixing the gear when I came downstairs to find DeWight standing at the stairwell," he told her.
"He was in my house? How did he get in?" was her first thought, before realizing it was a stupid question. Not only had the FBI agents entered her house without any issue, but he had just told her Mr. DeWight's men had done the same.
Nick smiled as if enjoying her confusion as he told her, "Well, long story short," he smiled, "DeWight now thinks I'm your fiancé," he laughed.
"You're...what?" Jen exclaimed. "How is that a good thing? He'll find out you're an agent, or at least that Dan is my real fiancé," she said alarmed.
"Actually no," Nick explained. "We had been leaving a false financial trail for DeWight to follow as he looked into your 'fiancé,'" he said moving his fingers in quotation marks, "so it was easy to have the trail lead back to me, or at least my undercover persona. When he caught my in your house I simply played the naïve boyfriend and asked him who the hell he was while he asked the same. I told him I was watching the house for you and he said he had come by to check on it as well, saying while you were away on company business and he wanted to make sure everything was alright," he told her. "Obviously he saw me there through his own surveillance equipment, which is surprising since it had only been installed hours ago, he must be reviewing those tapes frequently," he said, more to himself than Jen, going off on a tangent.
Jen knew the FBI agent had a short attention span, recalling the conversation she had with Dan about the night he spent in the van with him. Dan had said the man was worse than a dog chasing a squirrel in terms of paying attention as she once again tried to get his mind back on his explanation.
"But why did you tell him you were my fiancé?" she asked confused.
"Actually, I didn't," he smiled. "Apparently DeWight assumed it, thinking the only person who you would trust watching your house would be your fiancé. He immediately introduced himself and invited me to your debut party Friday," he said. "Once I got back to the truck, it was no problem putting in some changes to the trail DeWight had been following with your financial records to an alias of mine," he said, proud of himself.
"How is this a good thing?" she asked with worry, seeing the obvious pleasure on the agent's face.
"Don't you understand?" he asked her. "We've been trying to get an agent in DeWight's circle for years! After Rachel disappeared the closest we've been able to get was Geiger, who DeWight knows is some sort of law enforcement, if not associated with the FBI. Now me, the computer geek, has the best opening," he told her enthusiastically.
Jen understood this was a status thing with the young man, a chance to prove himself to the other agents, but she did not like the fact it was at the possible cost of her and Dan's roles. "I still don't see how you pretending to be my fiancé is any good," she said, sitting down to eat as the FBI agent sat across from her to explain.
He explained how it would now be easier for her to work. With Mr. DeWight thinking they belonged together, he did not have to be so 'cloak and dagger' and could actually do some surveillance with her, as well as help her out if needed.
"If he expects me to be visiting you regularly it will not be odd to be seen with you more frequently. I can be the dumb boyfriend who 'gets lost' in the building. It gives me access to his properties allowing us to be able to plant more surveillance, even investigate more things while you keep him occupied. Granted we'll have to do that sparingly, but the potential is there," he told her with obvious excitement.
"The bottom line," he said finally with conviction, "is that if shit hits the fan, I can get you out of it quicker."
Jen was still skeptical at how pretending the agent was her fiancé was still a good thing. To her, it seemed to put her at even more risk if his true identity were discovered, but after everything else that was happening, she knew she had little control over things now. If the FBI thought it was best, she would have to go along with it.
Nick gave her a folder of 'facts' about him she needed to memorize—when they met, explanation for a scar on his back—all small personal things a woman would know about a man she was engaged to in case Mr. DeWight asked.
As the agent got ready to leave, he bid her goodnight.
"Unless you want your fiancé to sleep with you tonight," he said with a grin.
Jen felt a thrum of warmth between her legs as the FBI agent leered at her before reason got ahold of her, and before she did something stupid ushered him out the door to his mocked angst.
As she was shutting the door he looked at her and grinned, "Just remember, even if I'm not there physically, I'm there electronically," he winked at her.
Jen suddenly jumped as her tattoo vibrated beneath her skin, the sensation almost an electrical current, but not as painful. Looking at the FBI agent in surprise he grinned, holding up his cellphone in way of explanation as she slammed the door in his face before returning to her meal.
She worried about the agent's involvement, concerned not only about Mr. DeWight discovering his identity, but that the agent's lack of experience would betray them as well. She understood some of the reasoning, as eventually her 'fiancé' would need to be involved in her life, but had not thought about how her role as an informant would pan out, thinking things were getting more complicated than she originally had imagined.
Finishing her meal, she once again attempted to call Dan on the FBI cell phone, and immediately got the generic voicemail message, so decided to go to bed.
********************
Thursday morning began like every morning this week, Jen reluctantly getting out of bed way too early from the alarm clock's blaring beeping-buzzing noise, making her coffee, and getting her make-up on before selecting her clothes for the day.
Her meeting with Mr. DeWight was today, and knowing this may be the first time the FBI may be getting a view of his office was willing to give concede on allowing their 'belly-cam' to be in place, knowing she needed to wear something that left her stomach bare. Although her mind was concerned about the exploitation of her body, meeting personally with Mr. DeWight meant she needed show she was at least attempting to 'fit in' with her role. The less he had to focus on her defiance, the better she hoped she would be left on her own and able to get some information for the FBI, recalling Nick's praise on finding out about the missing model Fernando.
With those thoughts in her mind she chose a small two-piece outfit. It was more revealing than she would normally choose for 'work' attire, but it was at least not as blatantly sexual as the crotchless chaps she had worn around the office.
Having already exposed her crotch and ass to everybody in the building outside of a club atmosphere had apparently desensitized her, as she was less conscientious about wearing outfits she would normally only wear at the club. Dressing slutty was expected of her, and Jen figured if she was willing to dress sexy, Mr. DeWight would be pleased believing she was 'fitting in.'
The outfit she chose was made of a silver metallic material with white lace for both the halter top and small matching skirt. The halter was basically a lace bra with the silver metallic material lying beneath her breasts reminiscent of a shelf bra—the silver material extending up around her neck. The top had a quick-release clip in the back, as did most of her dancing outfits. The matching flared miniskirt consisted of a similar four-inch waistband of silver material wrapping around her hips, with the fluffy lace skirt extending beneath it.
Looking at the tiny outfit on the bed Jen realized she would be walking a fine line for the skirt to be low enough on her hips to cover her ass and crotch, yet high enough she was not showing off the crack of her ass; however, the low rising skirt would no doubt please Mr. DeWight.
Going through the shoe rack hanging in the closet she found a pair of knee-high open toed silver boots which matched the outfit perfectly, and putting them on, she felt the boots to be sexier than the outfit. They zipped up the insides of her legs with metallic studs rising up the outer portion, but it was the six-inched heel platform soles which gave the shoes their sexiness. The heels were done in white enamel and perfectly complemented the lace on her outfit, while the rest of the boot was the same metallic silver as the other material. The boots seemed to accentuate her long legs more than even some of her stripper shoes, and fit comfortably around her feet and lower legs.
Surprisingly—or maybe not considering her wardrobe had been supplied by Mr. DeWight—she found a matching silver metallic Y-backed thong. The underwear was definitely made for a stripper, having quick release clips on both sides, but most of her outfits had such clasps so she paid little heed to the plastic clips. Slipping on the thong, Jen felt a small thrill run through her as the thin strap slipped between her legs and up her ass crack.
Once again she wondered at her body's reaction, as wearing a thong was standard for working at the club, and yet even alone in her room her body was reacting to the small material she was wearing.
Looking at herself in the mirror, she smiled at the thought of wearing the short skirt and how men would be straining their necks to get a peek of her ass as she walked.
Without any hesitation Jen put on the hotel robe—leaving the outfit sitting on the bed—as she sat down to drink her coffee, waiting for the call from Larry to announce the car's arrival.
At 6:15 precisely the phone rang and hearing Larry's voice stating the car was ready, Jen grabbed her outfit and left the room.
A part of her was astonished at her still planning to dress in the car before her driver, less bothered by exposing herself to him than by accepting her lot in life so easily; however, after having dressed before the driver twice already Jen reasoned it would probably insult the driver more for her to come down completely dressed. She remembered how nonchalantly she had disrobed last night before the FBI agent, wondering at her actions. Granted she stripped routinely in a club, but it was in an environment promoting such behavior. Now she was doing it outside of the club's context, and even feeling comfortable about it.
Was this Mr. DeWight's plan all along, to get her to be so comfortable about being naked it was no longer an issue? The thought worried her as she took the elevator down to the lobby, her boots once again clicking loudly throughout the lobby as she made her way to the exit.
Larry's smile as she came out of the hotel confirmed her thoughts on what his reaction would have been coming down dressed. As she got into the car, she began taking off the robe before he even shut the door, and glancing out the opened car door Jen saw a cute bellhop staring at her. A brief quiver of excitement ran through her as she realized she had stripped naked before the car door was shut.
Her chauffer apparently enjoyed her state of nakedness as he began chatting with the bellhop, leaving the door open and her fully exposed to both men!
Jen could have put the robe back on, but her mind felt she was already at the point of no return, so sat there naked as both men chatted, their gazes showing they were more interested in her than whatever they were talking about. Once again she felt her body heat up at the attention she was receiving, and attempting to act nonchalant, she leaned her head back.
Sitting in the car wearing nothing but her thong and boots, Jen wondered again at what she was doing; how she had, in less than a week, come to the point of allowing herself to be exposed in public, or her stripping in a limousine so her chauffer could watch her while he drove her to work. The exhibitionist side of her was definitely delighted as the chauffer eventually shut the door and got into the driver's seat, his eyes lustful as he looked at her through the rearview mirror.
Jen would never have thought of doing something like this before signing her contract, reserving her body's exposure to within the club or privately for Dan.
The cool air of the air conditioning felt good upon her bare breasts, the heat of the day already oppressive from her short walk from the hotel to the car, and as Jen glanced up at her chauffer, his gaze directly on her, she once again reached into her satchel, repeating yesterday's actions applying body lotion to her skin, giving her driver another show as her hands spread the cream all over her body.
Yet again she remained naked in the car until they pulled up to the DSA offices. Having only a small skirt and halter to wear, it took her no time at all to get dressed and as the door opened, got out of the car, thanking her driver before entering the building.
In what seemed to be a normal daily occurrence, Jen was met with a chorus of welcomes as she made her way through the lobby to the elevator banks, seeing the now familiar throng of men; however, today there appeared to be a larger number of them than the last couple days.
As the elevator doors opened she was surprised as everybody entered with her, her body was squeezed in the middle of a mass of masculinity as the men crowded into the small space.
Sandwiched amongst the men, Jen felt a hand on the back of her upper leg before the door even closed. Immediately her pulse sped up at the flesh-on-flesh contact, and she felt her breath catch as the hand slowly slid up her upper thigh to her ass, gently squeezing her bare ass cheek.
While the mysterious groper continued to stroke her left ass cheek, she suddenly felt another hand on her opposite cheek which slowly and gently stroked her skin as well.
The touch of the unknown men—she could barely move in the tightly packed elevator, let alone turn around or move away from them—caused her heart to race, and Jen almost groaned when yet another pair of hands began to glide across her bare back.
Then she did gasp, her sharp intake of breath catching the attention of several of the men, each of them smiling at her knowingly as a fourth hand—that of the man directly in front of her—reached back and cupped her crotch!
Packed tightly into the small space, the feeling of immobility only added to her excitement as Jen was felt up by at the four men.
In an attempt to act nonchalant and get the touch of the strangers' hands off her mind, Jen looked around the car, her eyes finally resting at the row of buttons. Suddenly her eyes widened in surprise as she saw the panel of the elevator lit up for every floor!
As the elevator stopped at each floor the men behind her—obviously the ones touching her body from the removal of their hands—exited the elevator. As soon as they shimmied their way out—each smiling at her and wishing her a good day—the group of men around her reshuffled and another set of hands began touching her before the doors even closed.
The stripper within Jen found it amusing and typical on how these men had somehow coordinated this situation. What was worse was her reaction and allowing them to feel her up as the elevator slowly made its way upwards one floor at a time. That she allowed each of the strangers to cop a feel of her before leaving concerned her. Although she had experienced similar crowd mentality at the club—that being men somehow finding ways to touch the dancers—she was amazed how they almost telepathically coordinated their movements with each stop of the elevator.
She knew there was no way this could have been pre-planned, merely the men's blatant instinct driving them to the same act.
Under normal circumstances, and for most women, the blatant fondling would be almost rape; however, used to the touching from the clubs as well as Mr. DeWight and Scarlett's words echoing in her mind about showing men she was available, Jen barely paid them heed as she eventually made it to her office's floor.
Jen could not deny the thrill she felt at the touch of the men, the exact same 'high' she experienced on a busy night at the club. It was the typical response of her exhibitionist side shining through, her stripper persona coming to the forefront more easily, as Velvet had suggested.
Again a part of her worried at how she was accepting the exploitation of her body. Sitting naked in her car without objection, begin felt up by strange men in an elevator, and even posing naked in front of a camera, she wondered at the cost of her morality she was taking in her new role.
Walking into her office, she was not surprised to see Velvet already settled in, meeting her with a cup of coffee.
"Wow," her assistant told her as her gaze moved up and down Jen's body, "can you come into the office just one day without looking like every man's wet dream?" she grinned. "Some of us girls would like to feel we have a chance with the other sex," she a laughed as Jen blushed.
"Hey, you don't look bad yourself," Jen told the young woman, who smiled at the compliment.
And it was the truth. Today Velvet was wearing her namesake, a deep purple sheath velvet dress barely extending past her hips, the top just as revealing. Looking at the dress Jen almost smiled as she recognized Velvet suffered from the same quandary she had with her skirt—balancing the material between her breasts and crotch to keep them both covered, having to sacrifice more 'real estate' on the top in order to decently cover the bottom, just as she suffered with her admittedly tiny skirt. Jen realized if Velvet pulled the dress down another inch her nipples would be completely exposed, wondering how often she needed to adjust the material to prevent flashing everybody constantly.
As if reading her thoughts, she smiled as Velvet reached up and adjusted the top of her dress. "Well, we ARE going out tonight," her assistant reminded her as Jen's eyes suddenly opened wide in shock.
She had forgotten agreeing to go out tonight with Sean—the man she had allowed to fuck her in front of a camera—and Christopher, her photographer's assistant who had watched the whole thing!
"I can't go out like this," Jen said in exasperation as Velvet smiled.
"Nonsense, we're going clubbing, and if you haven't been out to that many clubs lately, stripper wear is the norm," she said happily as Jen looked at her in doubt.
Movement in her periphery caught her attention as her gaze was drawn to a young, extremely attractive girl sitting in one of the waiting chairs behind Velvet's reception desk.
Seeing her brows furrow in question Velvet smiled, saying, "It's Thursday," as if the day explained everything. At Jen's blank expression she added, "Interview day? That's your first appointment, though you have plenty of time to settle in," she told Jen quietly, "she's early."
Jen realized Velvet was right, having forgotten her role in finalizing new hires. Looking at the young woman who smiled shyly at her, Jen waved for Velvet to follow her as she entered her office.
"Her?" she asked incredulously as the door shut. "That girl looks like a teenager! She'll be eaten alive and spit out in tattered pieces," she whispered to Velvet. "And that's BEFORE she even gets on stage or dances in front of any group of guys," she said to her assistant in surprise.
Velvet laughed. "We all had to start sometime," she shrugged in answer.
Jen asked, "What is she, like fifteen?" she said in exasperation as Velvet once again laughed.
"No, she's twenty-one. And so what if she looks young, you know as well as I do that will earn her a nice following quickly," Velvet winked at her knowingly.
"Yeah, of child molesters," Jen muttered as she went to sit down and sip her coffee. There was truth to Velvet's words, as younger looking girls definitely drew a 'different' crowd of regulars than somebody who was more 'Barbie-built' like Jen; however, it had always bothered her.
"Go ahead and check your e-mail and such," her assistant told her as Jen shook her head. "As I said, she's early, so let her wait. And this is one of the videos that did not submit a tape, which is why you are probably surprised at seeing her," her assistant said as Jen realized she was correct, she had not seen any pictures of the woman outside. Her assistant continued, saying, "If you don't mind, I'd like to sit in on the auditions," she asked as Jen nodded and turned on her computer screen.
"Good, I wouldn't mind another opinion," Jen told the younger woman. "This is the first time I've had to do something like this," she explained as she settled into her desk and Velvet left her alone.
Once again Jen's mailbox was full of complaints and 'what do I do if this happens' type e-mails, glad her and Velvet had worked on her preliminary plans for a mentor program. She would ask Mr. DeWight about it in her meeting later today.
On one hand she wondered why nothing like this had ever been done, but after Velvet had put together some numbers and she had examined the initial costs, she could understand. Even so, she was convinced it would be an investment with big payoffs, so was determined to push for Mr. DeWight's approval. Now that she was in a role that gave her the chance to make a change, she firmly believed her program would make the girls better dancers, which in turn meant bigger tips, and lead to customers spending more money. It was a step up in quality from most independent clubs.
She also knew if everything worked out with the FBI getting something on Mr. DeWight and the company went under, the girls would have the know-how and ability to find jobs somewhere else.
Finished with her newest e-mails, Jen instant messaged Velvet to send in the interviewee, Sapphire. Velvet walked in with the woman and Jen was thankful for her assistant's presence, being more nervous than the girl they were interviewing. Were it not for Velvet's questions, Jen felt the interview would have been just her and the new girl staring at each other across the desk.
Interviewing skills aside, when it came time for the audition, Jen—or actually Diamond—came into full control.
As the girl prepared herself and stepped onto the small stage in the office Jen asked Velvet to lower the lights and turn on the spotlights for the small stage. She was once more amazed how club-like the lighting and stage became, particularly being in an office building on the twentieth floor!
The interviewees had been told to bring a set between 15-20 minutes long, and looking at the soundtrack Sapphire chose, Jen recognized classic stripper songs—Def Leppard's 'Pour Some Sugar On Me,' Warrant's 'Cherry Pie,' Ginuwine's 'Pony,' and ending with Motley Crue's 'Girls, Girls, Girls.' It was similar to something Jen would have chosen for a 1980-ish theme, not faulting the girl for selecting 'tried and true' songs, but inwardly disappointed the girl was not branching out from the norm to make a name for herself.
Still, the girl was obviously now as Jen and Velvet suddenly rolled their eyes at each other as the girl took off her dress, wearing normal underwear underneath as opposed to a stripper outfit.
Although some girls danced in lingerie, it was considered 'newbie' attire in the business. Although the girl's bra and panties were of good quality—being from one of the Victoria's Secret lines—Jen made a mental note to add this to her mentoring list as one of many 'new stripper' mistakes.
Looking at the young woman's figure Jen noted the girl had a nice body, although somewhat flat-chested. If the girl planned on staying in the exotic dancer business for any length of time, she would only be successful getting a boob job; however, as Velvet had said, she would draw her own following initially looking young and naïve.
When the first song of the set began to play, Jen immediately recognized the girl's nervousness—not from the interview, but at displaying her body. Her movements jerky and poorly executed, and she definitely had an air of being uncomfortable being exposed even in her underwear before her and Velvet.
She suddenly remembered Mr. DeWight's comments about her being naked as much as possible in order to get more comfortable to the idea of dancing nude. Grudgingly she admitted the man had a point as she stopped the music to both Sapphire's and Velvet's surprise.
Looking at the woman Jen asked, "Honey, why do you want to do this?"
The girl blushed, telling them she needed the money for college and had tried looking everywhere; however, the job market was at a low in her city and all she had to go by was her looks. Her friends had suggested to her about waitressing at the local club—The Cowboy Fish Club in Houston—but after hearing how much the dancers made, had decided to try out for a position.
It was a similar story to Jen's, Velvet's, and most of the younger strippers she had met. Few women really planned on becoming a stripper, more-or-less falling into the job for the money. Jen knew the girl could make a killing in Texas with her young looks—all the girls dancing at the club there were big-haired blondes with Double D's. She shamefully agreed with Velvet's comment about the girl being able to draw a good following.
But first she needed to learn how to relax and move smoothly.
Jen surprised both girls by getting on stage with the young woman, directing Velvet to restart the track. Once the familiar Def Leppard song began to play, Jen started to dance.
"The first thing you need to do is set the crowd's expectations," she instructed the young woman as she began to undulate her body to the heavy rock music. "There's no need to do anything fancy initially. If you are going to work the pole, you come out and immediately grab it and do a pole maneuver, it shows them you are comfortable with the pole," she explained. "If you are only going to dance, start off by that and totally ignore the pole," she demonstrated, moving to the edge of the stage and moving seductively before Velvet who was sitting in front of her.
Telling the girl to stand back she then walked slowly and sultry to the pole, reaching for it and performing a corkscrew spin, kicking out her legs and undulating her body while she turned before gracefully landing back on her feet and stepping in front of the pole, her body swaying the entire time with the music.
"Wow," she heard the young girl say.
"And again, if you are going to just dance," Jen continued, "merely use the pole to lean on or as a prop. For example, walk to it and do a simple pirouette," she instructed, once again demonstrating.
"The idea is to have the crowd focused on you, not expecting any more from your performance than what you are willing to give them," she told the young girl.
"You make it seem so easy," Sapphire said.
Velvet laughed as both women looked down at her sitting in one of the conference chairs. "Honey, Diamond is making it look easy even to me. I'm able to do those moves in my sleep, but not as naturally as her. Diamond doesn't just use the pole, it becomes a part of her," she said to the girl, complimenting Jen.
Jen smiled in response as she continued instructing the girl.
"Next point," she said waving to the speakers. "You chose classic rock songs for your set. You have two choices with those, dance slowly and make the music work for you, or match the beat of the music and let it guide you," she said.
Jen then showed her what she meant, performing the same opening moves the young girl had started out with, first moving slow and seductive, then repeating the exact movements faster in time with the beat.
"Oh my God," the girl said, "it looks so different, but it's the same!" she said in surprise.
"Exactly," Jen told her, satisfied she made her point. "You can repeat the same five or six moves on stage simply altering their speed and nobody but another dancer will see it. The trick is not to change too quickly or you'll look like you're trying to fight the music," she said as she started to move, first slowly to the song, then faster, then slowly again, demonstrating what she meant as she repeated the same move only at different rhythms.
"You're right," the young girl told her, "it looks...well, 'clunky,'" she said in embarrassment.
"Exactly!" Jen told her proudly, the girl's smile returning.
For the next 45 minutes—the interviews were scheduled for an hour, but had an hour in between—Jen went through several introductory moves, tutoring the girl on how to dance, and giving beginner tips such as making eye contact with each customer.
"The secret to working a room is you want a man to be interested in you, but not misconstrue what you are offering. You want to make them feel as if they are the only one in the room, right before moving on to the next guy and doing the same," she explained. "If a man feels you are focused on him above everybody in the crowd when you are on stage, they will take more liberties or expect more from you. You want to draw their attention, then move on," she told the young girl.
"Lap dances are another thing entirely," she laughed. "For those the man you are dancing for should take ALL of your attention. Don't let anything distract you or they will feel slighted. You should only look at others as you spin or face away, and then only to look for your next target," she said smiled.
Glancing at the clock Jen told her, "Now, I want you to practice what I told you today and Velvet will reschedule another interview for you next week. My decision on hiring you is going to be based on how much you learned and improved," she told the girl.
Seeing the girl's saddened face she thought she had shattered her dreams.
"Hey," Jen said with a smile, "I didn't say you weren't hired, but you also aren't being passed up either. I want to see if you got what it takes," she told the young girl.
"It's not that," the girl told her reluctantly. "It's just...well, I had to save up for several weeks to afford the trip out here, I'm not sure I can come next week," she said.
"Wait a minute," Jen said sternly, realizing what the woman had said. "You paid your own way to come to here?" she asked. "From Texas? For an interview the company demanded of you?" she stated in surprise.
Jen looked at Velvet who shrugged, explaining, "All interviewees end up paying their way here. They're told what time their interview is and left to their own devices on how to get here," she explained to Jen.
"What bullshit," Jen said to both girls surprised face. Turning to the girl she said, "OK, Velvet here is going to get you a ticket to fly out here next week," she said, seeing shock on each of their faces for several different reasons. Then she upped the ante by saying, "AND she's going to look into reimbursing you for this week's trip," she concluded.
Once again seeing the surprised look on her assistant, Jen told her, "I want that done for all of today's interviews who live...oh, let's say more than a four-hour drive from here," she told Velvet.
"But Mr. DeWight..." Velvet said cautiously.
"Fuck Mr. DeWight," Jen said vehemently, her tone and statement again surprising both girls. "With the money he's paying me it can come out of my damn salary if he wants to," she said. "Just like the mentoring program I am wanting to implement, hiring new girls is an investment, and if we hire quality girls from the start we make out better in the end," she told Velvet. "I'm meeting with him this afternoon, so I'll tell him the same," she said to Velvet, asking the woman to add it to her agenda.
Turning back to Sapphire Jen told her, "Don't worry. Your job for the next week is to practice, practice, and practice. If there's no improvement, you're going back home without a job next week," she said as the girl nodded in understanding.
"Oh, and buy a stripper outfit," she told her as they walked out into the main reception area. "Underwear is fine for your boyfriend, but when you're dancing you need something that moves with you and is made to come off easily," she said to the girl, who once again thanked her.
The rest of the morning was spent similarly with the other two other girls interviewed, Jen giving them suggestions and letting them know they would be reimbursed for their travel. Both of the other girls had been dancing for a couple years, so they were more experienced; however, only one of them was worth hiring. The second one—Roxy—was good looking, but had a bitchy attitude and was a complete attention whore, and Jen knew she would be nothing but trouble in a club. Although Jen did not tell the girls anything about her decisions, saying merely they would be contacted on her decision, she had already made up her mind to not hire Roxy.
Interviews completed, her and Velvet ate their usual lunch salads in her office at the conference table, going over the three applicants.
Velvet said, "That last one wasn't bad."
Jen nodded, her mouth full of her Asian Spiced Beef salad, holding up her hand before swallowing and answering. "No, she is definitely worth hiring, although I don't know how many girls are at the Atlanta club. The other girl—what was her name, Roxy?" she said before continuing, "She's applying for the same position as Sapphire but I'll wait until next week to make a decision. She struck me as a total bitch, so I'd rather not hire either of them if they do not seem like they'll work," she said, taking another bite of her salad.
Seeing Velvet's expression, she explained, "I don't think there's a rush for that Houston job. I've already gotten a few e-mails from several of the Houston girls asking for more hours—even some of them asking about the possibility of 'touring' other clubs because there are too many dancing there already. I'll have to talk to Mr. DeWight about it," she said, "but the bottom line is it sounds like the Houston club has too many girls or a crappy schedule. Waiting to decide upon a few applicants isn't going to hurt them," she concluded. "They don't like it, tough shit," she finished.
Velvet looked at her with a bit of worry. "Uh, yeah, about that. Are you really going to tell Mr. DeWight to reimburse those girls and start paying for the interviews?" she asked.
"Hell yes," Jen said with conviction, although now that her initial anger had receded she felt somewhat nervous making such a bold statement about the corporation's money. "If I am the final say in terms of girls being hired, he either needs to fly me to interview them—obviously not to his advantage due to the time involved and my schedule—or pay for them to come here. Also, I think it will instill upon the managers to pick more qualified girls," she reasoned, finishing her lunch. "Sapphire was way too green. I understand we all need to start somewhere, but damn, were we ever that newbish?" she laughed.
As if waiting for her to finish her lunch, Jen's computer dinged with a new e-mail sound. Taking a glance at her computer, her heart began to race.
"What is it?" Velvet asked with concern, obviously seeing the concern on Jen's face.
"It's from Melissa," Jen told her with some trepidation. "It's the proofs from yesterday," she elaborated.
"Oh goody, I've been dying to see these!" Velvet said with more excitement than Jen, coming over to the computer.
Jen's attitude was more despair and trepidation. She was about to look at the first images of her conscious descent into the pornography industry. Up until now the pictures she had done Tuesday were not as incriminating as these.
Even the videos of her sucking Tim or Mr. DeWight fucking her were taken without her awareness or consent. Although they depicted the same type of material these photos were ones she had willingly posed for, even if the final outcome of her fucking Sean had not been planned. In the end it did not matter whether the intent for her to have sex at that time was there or not, she had ended up cumming, her body relishing its debasement and not making any attempts to stop.
Her heart racing, Jen unzipped the files and clicking on the folder, opened the first picture of the series.
The first few pictures were obviously not bad in Jen's mind—merely being those of her posing in her leather dress in the 'kitchen.' The photos were in order, showing her first by the day bar and then near the island—and that was when her nervousness began, as it was at the island everything began to change.
Jen felt her heart race—both from apprehension as well as arousal—as the images cycled on her computer screen of Sean first touching her, then their embrace leading to them kissing, and finally undressing each other.
Going through the set she was once again surprised at how professional and high quality the pictures were, as well as there not being many 'bad' shots, knowing Melissa had removed the more obvious bad shots and duplicates. But she knew what the content she was about to see, and regardless of how much pruning Melissa had done, there would be no denying her seeing the images of Sean fucking her.
Silently going through the entire set, there were four pictures which would be burned into her mind forever. Pictures which were blatantly pornographic although she could not believe how sensual they looked, as mixture of embarrassment and admiration at how good they looked.
The first image was a close-up side portrait of Jen's face, and she had to admit she looked stunning, her make-up perfect and the photography—both lighting and quality—being superb. It was the content of the picture that unfortunately branded itself into her mind forever—that of her ruby lipstick-coated mouth opened wide, her tongue stuck out and draping over her lower lip, with the head and shaft of Sean's large penis resting upon it.
Within the image her eyes were raised up and she knew she had been looking straight into Sean's eyes.
As she slowly advanced the series, the pictures reminded her of a cartoon book where if you moved through the pictures rapidly they almost created an optical movie. But this first picture was one she could only stare at in amazement.
Eventually her hand blindly clicked the next picture again and again, over and over, and then going back as she watched the large cock slowly entered her mouth, her lips closing around it as she began sucking the huge cock.
Moving further into the series Jen could almost not believe the images of her deep-throating such a large cock. And yet, instead of embarrassment she began to feel arousal, her blood heating up as she looked at the images and recalled the salty, sweaty taste and feel of Sean's cock passing into her throat.
The next series of photographs were those of Sean eating her out, and once again Jen could not believe how sensual she looked, being pleasured orally by the handsome man. Rather than pornographic, they looked almost tasteful. Even in these should was surprised at her lust, having never really looked at images of her cumming before, now understanding why Dan always wanted her to look at him when she came, her euphoric expression complimenting her looks above and beyond what she could ever expect.
The second picture etched into her brain forever was the initial image Melissa had taken while kneeling in front of her when Sean had first penetrated her. The picture showed Jen bent over the kitchen island, Sean behind her, but focused on Jen's face. Sean's body was a blur behind her, but it was the expression on her face she would remember for the rest of her life. Within the image her eyes were opened wide in surprise, her heavily lip-stick coated mouth in a perfect 'O' as her face betrayed her shock at the exact moment Sean had slid his cock into her, his large cock spreading her canal wide as he entered her.
Looking at the photo, Jen felt a warmth build between her legs at the memory of the large shaft entering her, her mixture of surprise and pain and desire overwhelming her, remembering the sensation when Melissa had asked him to move closer and he fully entered her.
The next several pictures were similar positions—Sean behind Jen as she bent over the kitchen island—but her expressions changed from surprise, to obvious lust and desire, surprising even her at how much emotion was portrayed on her face.
Then the images changed and she saw the third image permanently engraved into her head. This one was taken after Melissa apparently had discovered her and Sean were actually having sex, all pretense of the 'simulated sex' façade gone. It was a close-up view of Jen's ass cheek from the side; however, what the picture was focused on was Sean's shaft, glistening from her own desire, embedded halfway into the folds of her pussy, her labia spread wide from the fleshy appendage as the image showed him obviously and openly penetrating her.
"Oh my God, I bet that hurt," Velvet said beside her, but Jen could not answer, her mind in a state of shock as she looked at the visual confirmation and verification of what had happened—that she had actually fucked another man on film.
How could she answer Velvet's comment, she wondered? It had felt wonderful, as if her whole being were being skewered by Sean's incredibly large manhood, her pussy stretched so wide she saw stars—not of pain but of pleasure. Admitting such feelings and sensations would be a betrayal not only to Dan, but her own morals. And yet she continued to remember how with each stroke, the head of Sean's large cock ran along the walls of her vagina, sending electric thrills throughout her as she eagerly wanted more.
She went through the next shots, similar but at different angles of Sean fucking her, again the visual validation of her indoctrination into the porn industry overwhelming her.
And then she came to the final image, its content permanently within her head like a wood burning etching—that of Sean's cock resting between in the crack of her ass, a long spurt of cum shooting out from his dick to join the other streaks of ejaculate already across her back and pooled on her lower back.
The image showed her tattoo clear as day with a drizzle of cum running alongside it, as if Sean had purposely avoided the tattoo to show the contrast of black lettering and white creaminess of his orgasm.
"Wow, those were even hotter than the other sets," Velvet said as Jen re-zipped the files—only missing a few which she had removed—and resent them back to Melissa.
Her mind was still in turmoil, as if adrift upon the sea in a small lifeboat unable to alter her course as she sat numbly in her chair.
Sensing her unease, Velvet left her alone, telling her she would typing Jen's final agenda for her meeting with Mr. DeWight, but Jen barely heard her, her mind still processing the images she had seen.
The intercom buzzing fifteen minutes later caused Jen's mind to finally focusing her thoughts on the meeting, realizing it was in ten minutes! She quickly left her office, getting her meeting agenda from Velvet, before going through the double glass doors of strippers and heading down the hall to Mr. DeWight's office.
Elsie, dressed in a tight-fitting leopard print sheath dress that did nothing to hide, but in fact openly revealed her buxom figure to the world, greeted her as she passed the main area, the woman walking with her to Mr. DeWight's office.
"Mr. DeWight said he would see you right away Diamond," the beautiful elderly woman said pleasantly. "He seemed particularly pleased with reports of your progress this week," she told Jen as they reached the end of the hallway—directly opposite of the building from her own office—knocking upon the door once before opening it and letting her in.
Jen stopped as she entered the large office, the door closing silently behind her. If she had thought her office was extravagant, Mr. DeWight's office was Opulent—mentally capitalizing the word in her mind. The office was done in various masculine shades of browns—the walls a deep grid-paneled walnut with a dark brown textured plush carpet. Ambient lighting provided by multiple lamps on the walls and end tables suffused the entire room in a deep warm glow making it look more like a study or den than a corporate office.
The back wall consisted of a single pane of glass similar to her office, the afternoon LA skyline visible; however, whereas her view overlooked the city, this view was even more magnificent, overlooking the western skyline and ocean providing a spectacular vista. Due to the afternoon sun starting to shine in the room, deep wooden slatted shutters were partially down, also casting the room in a soft light.
The left-hand side of the room was decorated reminiscent of an English Tudor home—two large-backed leather chairs angled towards a large marbled fireplace. Above the mantel were eight portraits of women in various sexy poses. Jen did a double take as she realized the top left image being a much younger Elsie, and then immediately noticed an image of herself in the lower right image, realizing these were the company's DSA Spokesmodels.
To her astonishment the photograph of her was an older picture, before even Willie had owned the bar, the picture framing fitting in with the others as if they had all been placed at the same time. Jen wondered how long Mr. DeWight had been watching her, a deep fear running through her at the revelation.
The right side of the room contained a small sitting area with a large beige suede divan with matching cushions sitting between two leather executive chairs.
As plush and opulent as the office was, it was the man sitting behind the large dark wood executive desk that captured her attention, her heart pounding within her chest at the sight of Mr. DeWight.
Why he always had such an effect on her she did not know—whether it was her awareness of the pure evil he was capable of, his domination of her life, having fucked her at the club, or even knowing how he had terrorized Dan all these years—but she felt helpless around him, like a fly trapped within a spider's web.
He stood up as she entered, wearing a dark grey pinstriped suit that made him look like an impeccable businessman, not the organized crime lord he truly was.
"Diamond, right on time," he said walking to her and instead of shaking her hand like the CEO would normally do to a business executive, put his hand around her bare waist, leading her to one of the leather executive chairs in front of his desk.
His hand was warm upon her skin and Jen felt an immediate flush throughout her body in reaction to his touch, her mouth getting dry as she wondered how she had gotten into this predicament.
"You look fabulous," Mr. DeWight told her as she sat down on the chair, the soft leather softly rubbing against the bare skin of her ass and sending goose bumps over her as she thanked him for the compliment.
"I was going over the proofs of your photo-shoots and I have to tell you, I am utterly and completely spellbound," he told her, looking intently at her, his gaze giving her chills. "I have never seen such quality photos and modeling in all my years, even from pro's who had been doing this forever. You've done an outstanding job!" he again complimented her.
Jen once again thanked him, telling him it was nothing as he went on with his praise.
"Nothing my ass," he told her in answer. "I had originally planned on making these photos free to the public as a publicity stunt to get you known, but after looking at them they are going on our Premium site immediately! Even counting the leeches who will repost them in private forums and whatnot we're going to rake in thousands," he told her happily as she again thanked him.
"And this last set," he paused, looking at her, or more at her body she realized, "fucking-A. Melissa told me how you could not get a believable expression on your face and how you willingly gave Sean the go-ahead to make things real with that monster of his!" he said happily.
Although events had not happened exactly as he described, she was too ashamed to correct him.
"I had thought to slowly bring you into the fold so-to-speak," he told her with a wink. "Granted, it would have taken longer, but eventually I would have broken down any resistance you had until you were spreading your legs at the snap of my finger," the man laughed, surprising Jen with his candor. "But looking at these pictures and how you took control of the photo set, you are definitely ready for the big leagues. I'm going to give the green light on all your coming productions," he told her happily.
Jen did not know what he meant, but had a bad feeling in the pit of her stomach at the implication of his words. His abruptness also surprised her, and she understood with her role bound legally by the contract, he no longer had to play mind games and such to have her do his bidding.
Leaning back in his chair, Mr. DeWight pulled out a piece of paper from his desk drawer which he slid over to Jen. "This is your bonus for this week," he said, as Jen reactively reached for the offered piece of paper. "From the pictures and film footage Melissa has already shown me, as well as tomorrow's shoot—even if it's only half the quality of these—we will make more than any projected profit," he told her. "I'm very proud of you dear," he smiled genuinely at her.
Jen felt nauseated at the man's praise, knowing it was only good as long as she complied with his will and made a profit for the company. Absently she looked down at the paper in her hands and suddenly her eyes opened wide.
"Twenty-five thousand dollars!" she exclaimed. "There must be some mistake," she told the smiling man across from her.
"Bullshit," he told her. "As I said, we'll make at least six times that amount in revenue by the time everything is said and done—and that's AFTER we pay for the time and equipment and everybody involved. Also, once these images are published the future investments that will line up from seeing these images will draw all the hounds out. These pictures prove my investment in you is legitimate and investors will be willing to spend ungodly amounts of money on you and your productions," he told her happily.
She protested more about the amount of the check—literally half a year's salary for her and Dan, but Mr. DeWight would not change his mind, continuing to tell her it was a far cry from what the company would be making. He even went so far as confessing the check probably underestimated her profits—which he would compensate once everything went into production—but had wanted to give her something in good faith for the short-term, as a sign of his appreciation for her outstanding job this week.
Jen could not believe pictures of her would be worth that much profit. Granted she had been impressed with the quality and sensuality of the photographs, but the bottom line was they were pornography, and she did not understand how they could be worth so much money.
But she also knew how successful Mr. DeWight was in this industry. If he believed the photo sets were worth that much profit, she could not dispute him.
"Now, on to other things," he told her, abruptly changing the subject. "I don't know what you did for Larry but after talking to him today, I have never seen a man more anxious to drive anybody around. He has even asked to become your full-time driver—not just in LA, but anywhere you travel," he said both surprised and obviously pleased. "Did you end up fucking him?" he asked blatantly.
"No!" Jen exclaimed in shock. "I...I...well," she stammered, trying to explain her newest morning ritual of dressing in front of the man. "I've been getting dressed in the car instead of the hotel room, like you asked," she said embarrassed, further explaining how she had been wearing the hotel robe down to the car each morning and changing in the limo.
Mr. DeWight burst out laughing, causing her whole body to redden in embarrassment. "Well, it definitely worked," he said with a chuckle. "I guess I need to buy you some robes in the future," he told her with a grin. "Hotels charge an arm and a leg for those damn things," he smiled at her, not upset, but clearly amused.
She was about to apologize for using the robes but he raised his hand, cutting her off as he continued. "I've also talked with the folks at HR, PR, and the DR," he chuckled at his own little joke. "Dr. Fairchild was especially complimentary, saying you are in top condition for anything I throw at you," he said with a lecherous grin as Jen wondered what else the doctor had told him. "And everybody else I've talked to all said you seemed to take what they said to heart," he told her again with a pleased expression. "I have to agree after hearing the general water cooler talk and how well your photo-shoots turned out," he told her with a smile.
"So I have only a few more things to discuss," he said, once more changing the topic as he looked at her. "First, on a more sociable aspect. Being new to the city and all, how have you been?" he asked her amicably, as if they were at a social event and not boss and employee. "Have you done any touring or bumming around," he asked her honestly.
Jen laughed and seeing the confused expression, told him she had been at the office every day until the early evenings, not getting back to the hotel until around eight o'clock, where she ate, maybe watched some television, and went to bed.
"I'm not used to getting up so early in the morning," she told him in explanation, "so I'm dragging by the end of the day," she answered.
"You haven't even gone out to see the LA nightlife?" he asked as he looked at his computer, half his attention drawn to it instead of her.
"Well no, as I said I haven't had much time. Although I am going out tonight with Velvet and Sean from the photo-shoot," she said. Suddenly Mr. DeWight's attention was once again fully directed towards her as he raised an eyebrow at her. She immediately thought how it sounded going out with one man as she quickly added, "As well as Melissa's assistant Christopher," she said.
"Really?" Mr. DeWight said with interest, looking at her as if lost in thought. "Is it a double date?" he asked.
Jen suddenly felt uncomfortable. Although the question was honest enough, the way Mr. DeWight looked at her body, more as a physical object than a person, gave her an uneasy feeling as she answered, "No, they said they were going out with some friends and invited Velvet and myself along," she told him.
Mr. DeWight did not say anything else, instead turning back to his computer and typing something before turning his attention back to her.
"And your clothes," he asked, once again taking Jen off guard with the change of subject, "have they all fit?"
Jen noted he did not ask if she liked the clothes or if they were too risqué, merely asking about their fit, as she answered, telling him they all fitted fine.
"I love that outfit you have on now by-the-way," he told her. "I provided your measurements and some pictures of you to some of the companies who invest with us and they provided enough clothing you could probably wear a new outfit every day of the year and never repeat," he chuckled. "A free wardrobe is one of the perks of your job," he smiled at her, his expression causing her body to flush as he stared at her.
Looking back at his computer screen, he told once again changed the subject stating, "I wanted to talk about your schedule for the next week," he told her, as Jen began to feel anxiety, wondering what was planned.
"First thing is tomorrow night's party," he said. "Have you planned a set yet?" he asked looking at Jen intently as if imagining her naked already.
She had completely forgotten about his request earlier in the week about putting together a dance set, her week a whirlwind of activity. She admitted to him she had not thought about it, quickly telling him she often adlibbed her routines, letting the music dictate how she danced.
Mr. DeWight told her if that was what she normally did it was fine, telling her, "I've never had any complaints about your sets, and if they are adlibbed, all the better; however, I do want you to choreograph some set routines," he said to her. "Mainly for your tour, I want you to do pretty much the same routine. Although you can improvise it a bit, the goal I am expecting is to tease everybody visiting the clubs to see the 'new girl' and wanting to see more. If you keep the tour consistent the next one you do will have people flocking to see something different. Also, you should not let your fan base feel 'left out' if you perform differently between one club and the next," he told her.
Jen was not certain how much of a 'fan base' she had, or how perverted it would be, but nodded her head. She had only danced at once club, and in that environment you WANTED to dance differently each night in order for your 'fan base' as Mr. DeWight called it, always seeing something new and exotic. Since dancing from club to club was something new to her, it made sense to keep things consistent, particularly when the clubs were hundreds of miles apart.
"So for tomorrow night," he told her, breaking her thoughts, "improvising is fine; however, over the next two weeks I want you to come up with a standard routine for your tour," he communicated to her.
Jen asked about the set Friday night as he told her, "You only need to do one set, but I want it SEXY," he said sternly. "Tomorrow night your performance is aimed to tease potential investors who will be present at your syndication party. In order for people to attend that," he explained, "they need to get a preview of how you dance, look, and ultimately seduce them. I am demanding they put down a five thousand dollar donation in good faith for them to attend your syndication party, so you need to make them WANT to pay that amount and leave them wanting to see more," he said to her.
"Five thousand?" Jen said in surprise. To her and Dan, five thousand dollars could be a month's dancing in combination with Dan's salary, and to discover people would pay that amount PER PERSON to see her dance was shocking.
"Yes, your performance tomorrow needs to have them want them to pay to see more. Tomorrow they need to see not just Diamond the stripper, but the entire package of Diamond the DSA Spokesmodel. If you fuck up and we don't get any interest, a crack whore will have more notoriety than you," he threatened, his voice suddenly becoming stern.
Jen looked up at him in shock at the sudden change in demeanor as he told her, "I can make you disappear so far into a hole in this world even you would not know where you were," he said solemnly.
Jen saw the look in his eye and suddenly felt afraid, in fact terrified. It was at this precise moment she understood him to be the man the FBI said he was—a cold-hearted, ruthless killer.
Silently nodding, Mr. DeWight smiled, his attitude and expression changing so quickly it was as if he had flipped a switch, going from threatening her life as a sociopath to the kind employer talking to her about the weather.
"Good!" he said obviously pleased. "I'm sure you'll do fine, remember how you performed the last couple nights at the club and you'll be fine," he said to her with a shameless leer, his gaze once again looking at her body as an object to be used.
Jen barely noticed his look upon her, instead thinking about how she had humiliated and degraded herself to the crowds he had mentioned, letting men touch her in the most intimate of ways. Even worse, she had let it happen while Dan had watched.
She felt disgraced and mortified at what she was becoming. In an effort to not wallow more in her shame, she asked, "What is a syndication party?"
Mr. DeWight smiled. "I was just getting to that," he told her, "so excellent segue. You know anything about horseracing?" he asked her abruptly, his question completely out-of-the-blue and unexpected.
Jen shook her head as he continued.
"Horses are expensive creatures, particularly the top racers. A lot of farms do not have the money or means to afford maintaining a horse earning millions and millions of dollars not only in races, but in breeding," he told her.
Jen had no idea where Mr. DeWight was going with his soliloquy, but the mention of breeding set off alarms through her soul as she listened in order to get an idea of what he was talking about.
"In order to pay the costs of the horse—boarding, transportation, advertisements and whatnot—the horse is syndicated," he told her, as Jen began to understand she was the horse. "Various interested parties 'buy in' to the horse, sort of like owning stock," he said with a smile, "and proceeds from the winnings by the horse are split amongst the investors based upon how much they invested. It's the same theory with syndication on television—a show is bought by multiple channels and the proceeds are earned by those channels through the commercials they sell as well as the original stakeholder or creator of the show," he explained.
"I learned long ago money invested in a DSA Spokesmodel could run out, so came up with the idea of syndicating the model. Tomorrow night you will perform your set demonstrating your erotic and sensual skills," he grinned lecherously as his eyes focused upon her tits and crotch, "Those willing to invest in your career will eagerly pay the entry fee for next week. At that party you will do a much more intimate performance," he grinned, "and at that time, you will convince the interested parties to bid on how much they will ultimately invest in you. The money gleaned from the initial syndication party will cover everything from advertising, production costs, distribution costs, and even pay your salary. Costs of travel, room and board, your chauffer and assistant, photographers, whatever need to be covered up front," he told her, "and not wait until after everything hits the public. DSA will match everything invested, or more if there is not enough people willing to invest—although I do not expect that from you after seeing your first photo-shoots," he grinned. "Anyways, it is a decent way to double the amount of money available up front for your career, allowing us to earn sit back and still earn most of the profit, while the investors make out as well," he told her. "Understand?" he asked.
What Jen understood was she would basically be auctioned off like a piece of meat. Although Mr. DeWight's description sounded harmless enough, she knew the man was rotten to the core of his soul. Something bad would come out of all of this she knew, but could only slowly nod, understanding the concept, yet filled with apprehension at its execution.
"Good," Mr. DeWight said. Whether Jen understood his explanation, like it or not she was at his bidding, noting she had not been asked for her opinion, just being told what she would be doing as her boss continued. "What I want you to do this week is come up with several themed routines—school girl, business woman, whatever you want, it's your call. I want a few of the performances to be you dancing with other girls so tomorrow spend some time going through the personnel records—there are videos of each girl within the company performing so select a couple you can work with to do sets with you on the stage. You will still be the main performer, but I would like some back-up as well," he told her.
Jen had already arranged and practiced similar group sets with Mary and Denise, the three of them putting together several dance routines they planned to do sometime in the future. They had held off due to the older stage not being large enough, but now that the new stage at the Satin Kitty had three poles they had again talked about it.
"I already have some people in mind," she told him, explaining her thoughts.
"That's excellent!" Mr. DeWight said proudly once she told him she had already choreographed some sets with the girls. "Kitten and Crystal are perfect for the party," he told her, obviously pleased. "It also means you will not have to work with anybody you don't know," he said, as if he cared about how comfortable she felt.
They discussed some of the more technical aspects, how many sets they needed, where the performance would be held, and whatnot. Mr. DeWight said he expected at least three sets as a group with the girls, as well as one solo routine from her.
"I'll have Elsie email Velvet with more specifics," Mr. DeWight told her as he smiled like a Cheshire cat.
Jen did not know what to expect from the syndication party, or even her debut party tomorrow night. The more Mr. DeWight talked, the more apprehensive she became; however, thinking of Mary and Denise being present at the next party, she hoped nothing too bad would happen.
"So that is all I had for you," Mr. DeWight said at last. "Is there anything else you need or that I can provide?" he asked her.
Jen knew this was the time to bring up her ideas on new strippers and dancers and teaching them the 'tricks of the trade' so-to-speak with her mentoring program. She began describing her observations—first how the new girls did not have anybody to teach them 'the ropes' and having to learn to sink or swim on their own, and then explained some of the inner rivalries going on at the clubs she had discerned from her e-mails. She stated she could easily deal with some of the pettiness visiting each club and meeting with the girls during her tour, but she needed Mr. DeWight's backing to provide the clout.
She then outlined her thoughts about the mentorship plan, explaining to him even sending a girl out-of-state to learn how to be a better dance would be a good and sound investment in the long run, as better quality girls would be at the clubs earning more money.
Mr. DeWight did not say anything the entire time she relayed to him her thoughts she had been working on all week, but he was definitely listening to her, his expressions thoughtful, so without pause she next talked about her vending machine idea on stripper essentials. At this point Mr. DeWight became extremely interested, and although Jen knew he would undoubtedly overprice everything in the machines considerably, this was one of her ideas he definitely would implement. Even overcharging the items, Jen figured since most girls would be bringing in their own items and these were for emergencies, the girls could afford them as needed.
Finally she broached the subject of the interviews and how she felt travel expenses should be paid for by the company, explaining her reasoning behind it and ultimately the better quality of dancer for the company.
After she finished reading from her list Velvet had put together for her, she sat back as Mr. DeWight remained silent, looking at her intently. Although his eyes roamed up and down her body, his look was more like somebody taking stock in somebody after discovering they were capable of doing something they never thought possible. His look actually gave her more confidence; however, after several minutes of silence she began to squirm, becoming more and more nervous.
Finally he leaned back in his chair, telling her, "You seem to be taking this position serious," he said thoughtfully, surprising her with his comment.
"And shouldn't I?" she asked honestly. "You said my contract put me in charge of the dancers. How did you say it—sort of the proverbial 'housemother' to all of them. If that is part of my job why should I not take it serious?" she asked.
Mr. DeWight smiled. "You know as well as I do I hired you for your pretty face, nice tits, and round ass and how it would look on media getting fucked. I didn't know there was actually a brain beneath all that packaging," he chuckled.
Jen did not know whether to take his statement as a compliment or not as he went on.
"You know, the last two DSA Spokesmodels didn't do anything," he told her. "I mean when they were in the office. Sure they fucked and sucked on command, but during the days they were on site they basically watched television or slept. This week alone, after listening to you, I think you've thought more about this job in a week than they did in years," he told her without any expression on his face.
Silence filled the room as he continued to look at her, again making Jen feel uncomfortable.
Finally he asked somewhat enigmatically, "Are these things important to you?"
His question took her by surprised as she told him emphatically, "They should be important to you!" Jen gathered her courage as she again explained her position. "The better you can support these girls, the happier they'll be and the more profit they will turn around," she told him. "It's an investment well worth it in the long run. Even if we don't hire as many girls who interview the ones we do hire will be higher quality," she explained to him, "because they will be trained and be in an atmosphere that is less tooth-and-nail and more amicable for the girls."
"Yes, yes," Mr. DeWight said waving his hands as if the quality of dancers was not important, which she assumed he would not, merely interested in their bodies and what they did with them as he continued. "What I mean is are these objectives and seeing them through to the end important to YOU," he stressed. "For me, I can continue as we are. Although I agree a better quality of dancers may earn more profit, I see it as only a marginal investment; whereas the cost of travel for your 'mentorship' program and interviews is considerable," he told her, his fingers making imaginary quotation marks over his head.
"I believe the benefits will outweigh the costs of interviews, even sending somebody to a mentor. Keep in mind girls only need to be sent to a mentor elsewhere if there is nobody in their particular club who is worth being a mentor. After looking at some of the profiles of currently employed dancers, I can tell there are only one or two clubs that I don't think anybody there would be a good fit for what I have in mind," she said.
Mr. DeWight was again silent as he looked at her, again not as a piece of meat, but as somebody worth consideration, although his silence made her nervous.
Taking a deep breath, he said, "I know your contract states any profits earned through your involvement factor into your bonuses, and I just handed you a twenty-five grand check. So I need to ask, is this an interest in more money?" he questioned her.
Jen looked at him in surprise, as earning more money had never even crossed her mind and told him as much. "It just seems like the right thing to do," she finally said.
"So I ask again Diamond, how important are these concepts to you? How much of a difference do you want to make?" he queried.
Jen suddenly realized she wanted to see something positive come out of her being placed in this predicament. There was a reason for everything she believed, and if she could help out even one of the girls currently exploited by DSA she would feel better.
She recalled her thoughts earlier in the week, thinking of the 'little people' who worked at DSA and how if she was successful with the FBI, they could lose their jobs. Although a small thing in the grand scheme of putting Mr. DeWight behind bars, if her plans would at least ensure a better future for the girls if any of the clubs closed. It would be something she could provide and make a positive difference, a sort of legacy to the trade.
Mr. DeWight seemed to read her mind and thoughts as he smiled at her before she answered.
"Yes," she finally said, putting her conviction behind her statement, "they are important."
Smiling wickedly Mr. DeWight said, "OK then, how about a deal," he said to her.
"A deal?" Jen asked, confusion and mistrust clear upon her face.
Looking intently at her he said, "Although you have done extremely well this week—even above and beyond my own expectations—we both know the truth," he said with a sneer.
Jen looked at him with her brow furrowed in question as he continued.
"Let's be completely honest with each other. The bottom line is you were forced into your position and do not want this job," he told her as her eyes widened in surprise. "We both know I forced you into your contract," he said bluntly to Jen, shocked at his candor and how easily he admitted it. "I drugged you, I manipulated you, and then because I could and to show you I owned you, I fucked you, finally having you sign a binding contract when your defenses and willpower were completely down," he smiled evilly at her.
Seeing her socked expression at his blunt confession, Mr. DeWight laughed and shrugged his shoulders. "It's not the first time I've done something like that, and believe me, it will definitely not be the last," he smiled wickedly at her. "And it's not like you can run and tell anybody," he laughed, seeing her understanding.
"I have spent years refining those contracts. You and I both know I have you by the proverbial balls," he once again smiled evilly at her, "otherwise you would not be here in LA at all," he told her. "Any hint of a breach in your contract and I pulverize you into financial oblivion. I can put you in places so remote from civilization even you would not know where you were, and would gladly sell your body for a cracker" he told her candidly, once again frightening Jen with his blunt statements.
Mr. DeWight paused as he opened a box on his desk, pulling out a cigar and casually clipping the end off before igniting it with a lighter from his desk. A cloud of noxious smoke rose from his face giving him an even more evil appearance as he leered at her from across his desk before speaking again.
"The fact of the matter is you are fucking hot. Your body is pure perfection. And you don't just have the physical attributes," he said to her with a leering smile, "you can move and shake those attributes like nobody I have ever seen. God has given you the complete package to personify sex, and you are going to earn me and this company a fucking shitload amount of money," he told her bluntly, "both by shaking those fantastic tits of yours and that fine ass at clubs or any dick near you," he stated candidly.
It was a raw, brutal, and open admission of the horrors he would enact upon her she had predicted all along, finally laid out to her in black and white. Mr. DeWight was tearing the Band-Aid off of any disillusions she may have ever had about her role within the company and his grand scheme for her. She could only sit there mutely as Mr. DeWight declared exactly what he planned to do with her.
"Whether you like it or not, and whether you do it willingly or not, I really don't give a flying fuck. If you defy me, I will sue you for breach of contract," he said, looking at her intently. "If you go against me, I will crush you. There is not a God-damned thing you or anybody can do about it," he told her, "I own you."
Jen could not believe how candid Mr. DeWight had been, finally stating the truth. Although she had discussed her predicament with Dan and the FBI, thought about it non-stop, having Mr. DeWight blatantly admit everything in the open without any more subterfuge was complete validation of her fears, bringing a new reality to her mind she had to accept, as his words were the truth.
She felt true fear as well as hopelessness, knowing she was no longer in control of her life.
And then, as if stranded on an island and sighting a ship on the horizon she remembered her jewelry, hoping the recording devices were getting every word of her boss' confessional.
Mr. DeWight's chuckle caused her to look back up to him. "I never expected anything from you but shaking your tits and ass and selling movies of you spreading your legs, but you definitely have some balls and a mind in that package as well. And although I know you probably despise me with every fiber of your being, for some reason you seem to want to help out," he said to her, taking a long puff from his cigar. "And fuck me, what you're asking for is already stated in your contract," he again chuckled.
Leaning back in his chair as if he reached a decision, Mr. DeWight said, "So here's what I will do. I will agree to give you the latitude to make your changes, but on certain conditions," he told her with a pointed look.
Jen looked back at him suspiciously as he grinned, her mind in turmoil from the whole meeting and his blunt confession. This was an aspect of Mr. DeWight she was not used to, this direct conversation leaving her feeling completely hopeless.
"The conditions are that you stop fighting me. You comply with everything I ask of you within the boundaries of your contract and I will allow you to have complete control over the dancers. I'll even announce it in today's staff meeting so there will be no opposition from the managers," he told her. "You in turn will abide by your contract—and I mean the complete contract. You want to work on improving the girls in your role as DSA Spokesmodel, then that is fine and dandy and stated in your contract, but there are other obligations in that contract as well. You cannot pick and choose Diamond, if you're going to be the liaison for all the dancers you have to take the rest of your contractual obligations as well," he told her with a smile, knowing she understood what he meant.
"That doesn't seem to be much incentive," she told him. "I either give in or fight—but you yourself said the outcome will be the same."
She knew it was the truth. Whether she agreed to his terms or not the end result was she would be his sexual slave. The only difference was her attitude.
She was about to speak her thoughts when he held up his hand, instantly quieting her.
"I'm not finished yet. I will allow you the freedom to do what you want with the girls while you comply with my own wishes. In return, IF you prove your methods are profitable beyond the costs invested for the travel, time, and other resources the company will be investing into your ideas over the next year," he told her, looking at her expectantly, "then I will agree to renegotiate your contract at that time," he said to her.
Jen was stunned, unable to believe her ears. Did Mr. DeWight, the devil himself, just offer her a way out of her contract? That she could have another chance at not signing her contract, being able to refuse it and be free of him and his despicable company in only a year?
She knew the man was a liar, and could be right this moment lying to her face, but she knew she had an ace up her sleeve—the entire conversation was being recorded. There was no way Mr. DeWight could deny what he offered.
The more immediate question was not his truthfulness in a year's time, but whether she could become exactly what he wanted, a willing porn star, debasing herself without objection for the next year.
The silver lining in Jen's mind was she was no longer bound by a lifetime commitment as originally feared. She was not so naïve to believe the FBI could bring Mr. DeWight to justice in any shorter time. Although they might eventually find something to arrest Mr. DeWight for—and her continuing to work for them was still an option—the FBI had been investigating him for YEARS without any results. She completely understood they had no time table to offer her or even whether they could ever arrest Mr. DeWight. Now she was being offered a way out with a definitive end date.
Suddenly Jen's body jerked as her tattoo began vibrating—not a short zap like Nick had done in the past, but a continuous long thrilling that almost became uncomfortable. She realized it was the FBI telling her to not accept this agreement. She understood this could be a further entrapment by Mr. DeWight and him come back in a year and say he never offered any such deal, but once again she knew she was being recorded. In addition, she had to admit the FBI had a vested interest in keeping her bound to her contract as long as possible to build their case against Mr. DeWight. She remembered how excited Agent Geiger had been at the prospect of having an informant within the company. Once again she thought how for all she knew, their investigation could go on for years while she would still be at the mercy of Mr. DeWight.
In the end, she had to do what was in her own best interest and Dan's, not Mr. DeWight's, not the FBI. The sooner she could get out of her contract and her and Dan could once again lead a normal life, the better.
The reality that Mr. DeWight could force her to do whatever he wanted was real and something he admitted, but he was giving her a way out, a light at the end of the tunnel. All she had to do was give in to his lecherous plans—something she knew was inevitable, he himself stating she could be beaten down until she no longer cared.
Her tattoo once again began to vibrate through her skin, the sensation becoming increasingly annoying as she realized the FBI had too much of a biased interest in her remaining the DSA Spokesmodel. This was her life and she had a chance to end this nightmare in year; they could not offer any such timetable.
Deep within her, Jen was convinced her ideas were worthy and would lead to a profit. If the company's dancers were more organized, better trained, and in general have a happier demeanor, the money they made would significantly more. She had already seen it for herself amongst the girls at the Satin Kitty. She had created an atmosphere at that club where the girls who had been around longer helped out the newer girls, and everybody made out in the long run. It was why the Kitty was so successful and other clubs were not. Jen had worked at a few of those clubs in the past. She knew the reason her club did so well was the dancers being higher quality. There was no question in her mind about it, it was a certainty. She realized the Satin Kitty had been her own pilot, and now she could expand that methodology to the rest of the company.
"Agreed," she said quietly, knowing within her heart she could do this.
"I'm sorry, did you say something?" Mr. DeWight asked sarcastically with an evil grin.
"I agree if you allow me the liberty of working with the girls, I will abide by my contract until I show you this will be a profit" she said at last. "But I agree only as to what my contract already states," she said, fearing he would try to have her do something beyond what she had already read within the contract—although she could not fathom what else there was left for her to be forced into.
Mr. DeWight grinned like a Cheshire cat as he looked at her. "Agreed," he told her finally, sticking out his hand which she reluctantly shook.
Jen felt like she had sold her soul to the devil, but once again reasoned she now had a time period with a finite ending, unlike her agreement with the FBI.
The incessant vibration of her tattoo had ceased, and she knew they would not be pleased, but once again she reasoned this was her life on the line. Again she understood why they would be upset. She had just made it apparent if they did not find enough evidence within the next year, their investigation— or at least both how own and Dan's involvement—would be over. Agent Geiger had even admitted her and Dan's participation was the FBI's last and only option before the case went cold indefinitely.
In the end, Jen only cared about ending this nightmare she had been thrown in, and currently Mr. DeWight's offer was the best she could hope for.
With a smug expression Mr. DeWight looked at his watch. She could read his thoughts plainly upon his face—he believed he now had her completely on a leash; however, she was confident about her suggestions improving the clubs. She had a year to prove it and she felt it would be enough.
"It looks like that is all the time we have today," he said to her, "but I believe it was time well spent, don't you agree?" he asked her.
Jen nodded in agreement as she quelled her misgivings and asked where the board meeting was held, grateful for something new to distract her. She would have plenty of time alone in her hotel room to think over her decisions.
Instead of a direct answer, Mr. DeWight explained how it was not cost-efficient to fly the managers of each club to the corporate headquarters each week, so they held teleconferencing sessions most of the time unless major issues were being discussed. "Today will be an exception mind you," he said, "as me announcing your involvement in the management of the dancers is one of those types of major decisions. I'm sure it will come as a surprise to them, but if I am on board with it they have to agree," he said, matter-of-factly.
Getting up, he waved to a door Jen had missed earlier. "We have video conferencing enabled at all the clubs so this will be a chance for everybody to finally meet you," he told her as he opened the door, revealing a conference room with a dozen wall-mounted televisions all surrounding a meeting table in the center.
Jen was startled when Mr. DeWight turned around, blocking her entrance into the room as he told her, "Wait out here until I can introduce you, I'll enjoy the dramatic flair and it will also give you a chance to get ready," he said to her with a smile.
Confused, Jen looked up at him as she asked, "Get ready?"
The look of possession in Mr. DeWight's face as he smiled at her caused her to suddenly regret her earlier decision. He looked at her up and down, once again as an owned object than a human being as he said, "Yes, I will be announcing you being the DSA Spokesmodel and VP of Ecdysiast Services in more than name now. To the other managers you are now the person taking much of the control of their own dancers away from them. They're going to be upset enough at the news, so it is only fitting they meet you on their terms," he said.
Jen looked at with puzzlement as she asked, "Their own terms?"
Mr. DeWight smiled and shrugged as it his thoughts were obvious. "Why yes dear, they are strip club owners. Their job is to assess girls in the most flagrant and rawest way possible, not concerned with their IQ or anything else other than how they look on stage taking off their clothes. Up until now they have had complete dominion over those girls and I am about to take that power away. They need some sort of peace offering," he said, his grin getting bigger. "They need to see you not as a threat to their jobs as the Vice President of Ecdysiast Services, but as a stripper—albeit one that they may have to answer to, so we need to soften the news as much as possible. As such, I'd like you to take off your top and skirt before I introduce you," he said with a lecherous leer at her obvious shock.
Aghast, she spat, "I can't do that!"
Mr. DeWight's statement made her more embarrassed than ashamed about being naked. Once again Jen's mind thought of the distinction between stripping within a club setting and being naked within an actual office building, in what amounted to an actual board meeting.
Mr. DeWight's voice broke her thoughtful concern. "Presenting you in such a way will make them feel less intimidated at the power you will have controlling their girls' welfare. Seeing you in such a way will be at odds with what I will be telling them. You know as well as I a man distracted by a nice pair of tits will agree to almost anything," he told her laughing.
Seeing her grim face, the smile immediately left Mr. DeWight's face as he said, "Did you not agree to abide by your contract and not fight me when it came to your obligations?" he asked.
"My contract does not state that I have to strip for a board meeting," she told him adamantly.
"On the contrary my dear," Mr. DeWight told her to her surprise. "Your contract states you are to perform and strip as the primary role and function of your job. You are currently working are you not?" he asked, his look once again becoming stern. "I expect you to bare yourself as is expected of any stripper while working," he told her.
Jen realized with dismay this was exactly the type of twisted thing Mr. DeWight had in mind when he proposed his agreement with her. He would undoubtedly find every loophole he could within her contract and humiliate her with it, not merely satisfied she agreed to his proposition, but to prove his dominance over her. Again she thought how ultimately he would get his way in terms of her exploitation, whether she agreed to abide by her settlement or not. The main difference now was she only had a year to put up with his abuse, unlike before when her morality and self-esteem had been thrown into a bottomless pit.
Jen also realized Mr. DeWight may be also testing her resolve to abide by their deal, seeing if she would follow his commands.
In the back of her mind she also reluctantly knew Mr. DeWight was right. She was a stripper. The club managers—like all other managers she had dealt with in the past—had seen enough T&A to last a lifetime, so her going before them in nothing but her boots and thong was not the end of the world nor would it be a surprise to them. Hell, her tour would be visiting each club and they would be seeing her naked in person, whereas here Mr. DeWight would be the only one in the room. Although the prospect of being naked before him once again was frightening, a room of guys leering at her could be worse, given this was a business setting.
The psychology of her appearing as nothing but a stripper was a sound one, as much a business decision as lecherous suggestion. If the managers saw her as nothing but a stripper physically, Mr. DeWight's announcement of her taking on her roles with the other dancers might ease some of that pain.
"Fine," she told him as he smiled down at her before entering the room and leaving her standing outside the doorway.
Jen heard several 'dings' fill the room like computers turning on, and soon heard a couple men's voices over speakers greeting Mr. DeWight.
While she listened to the rest of the managers logging into the video conferencing session, Jen reluctantly took off her halter, freeing her breasts to the cool air of the office. Immediately her nipples hardened from the exposure, her mind once again trying to push out the thought of appearing naked before men in an office setting. As Velvet stated, she needed to be Diamond the stripper, not Jennifer Simmons.
Placing the halter on an end table Jen bent down and slid the skirt past her hips, stepping out of the material and placing it on the table with the halter.
Being practically naked in Mr. DeWight's office felt out of place, and again she thought about how environment could completely change one's attitude.
While waiting outside the room for Mr. DeWight's introduction of her, she felt a breeze through the conference room door, realizing the room was cooler than even the office. She wondered if Mr. DeWight had purposely turned up the air conditioning in the room in order to harden her nipples—something commonly done at the clubs.
A couple more late 'dings' came from the conference room, accompanied by a few more muffled welcomes to Mr. DeWight as his voice spoke up.
"Gentlemen, I think it's time to begin," she heard him state from outside the door. All the idle chatter quieted as he continued. "The first order of business is we have a couple of new faces, so I would like to introduce each of you," he said.
Jen got ready to step into the room as she listened for Mr. DeWight's introduction of her.
She almost walked into the room as Mr. DeWight said, "First I'd like to first welcome our newest manager," he said, causing Jen to stop short of entering the room. "Tim Baker is the new manager of the Wet Cherry, one of the clubs I recently purchased. Tim's been mentoring with Glen at the Garden of Eden here in LA to learn the ropes of managing a club," he said, causing Jen to be flabbergasted.
A thrill of humiliation and arousal flushed run through her body at the mention of Tim's name, recalling his violation of her in the airplane's bathroom. She obviously knew Tim had flown into LA, but what got her attention was the comment about him mentoring with another club owner.
With sudden clarity she cursed herself, comprehending Mr. DeWight had agreed to her stripper mentorship program because he was already doing the same thing with the managers!
Her boss' voice once again caught her attention as he continued. "Next I'd like to introduce an old friend of mine, Dan Jeffries, or Three D as I have called him for years," he said. "Dan will be taking the recent vacancy of the corporate property investor," she heard him say.
Jen's hand flew to her mouth to hold back the gasp she almost made.
Dan was on the video conference?
He was in the staff meeting!
As if in confirmation she heard her fiancé's voice telling everybody hello, the chorus of return replies from the other managers filling the room.
Jen's heart suddenly felt like it dropped into her stomach, understanding she was going to be introduced before him with all the other managers, walking in naked except for a silver thong and matching boots.
What was he going to think?
She had reconciled herself into being presented like a piece of meat before the other club managers, but she had not known Dan was also in the meeting.
Mr. DeWight did not know of her and Dan's relationship, so it was pure coincidence for her to be humiliated in front of him, but that did not calm her nerves any better.
Dan's presence also made it obvious he had accepted Mr. DeWight's offer of employment.
Once again Jen heard Dan's muffled voice thanking everybody for their welcomes as the room got quiet again.
"And finally," Mr. DeWight's voice came from inside the room, "the person I know most of you have been waiting to meet, Diamond, our DSA Spokesmodel!" he announced with aplomb.
Jen could not be concerned about Dan's presence in the meeting, so taking a deep breath and bracing herself like she did each night she worked at the club, Diamond turned and walked into the conference room.
She immediately noticed seven television monitors with men's faces filling the screens. The room actually had more televisions around it, but the ones turned on in the front of the room were the most noticeable.
Jen's body flushed with shame as she saw Dan on one of the screens, quickly looking away from his expressionless face. Unfortunately she turned to a screen showing Tim sitting next to small Caucasian man with a squirrely appearance. She assumed the other man was the manager of the Garden of Eden, but her focus was upon Tim's face as it broke into a knowing leer when her attention turned to him. She saw him lean towards the other man and whisper in his ear, watching as the man's eyes widened as he too grinned, slapping Tim on the back. Jen blushed in humiliation realizing Tim had undoubtedly whispered to the other man about his use of her on the plane.
Once again her gaze turned to Dan, recognizing him being in Mr. DeWight's office at the Satin Kitty before finally looking around at the other monitors. On each screen she saw a strange man leering out of the television sets, knowing they were looking at her.
As she reluctantly stepped further into the room the men on the screens began to applaud. Jen wanted to crawl somewhere and hide, feeling completely defiled parading practically naked before the screens of not just these strange men, but her own fiancé.
In an attempt to take her mind off her being shamefully on display, Jen walked over to the table and pulled out one of the leather chairs, glad she would be sitting down and at least her bottom half removed from their view.
However before she could sit down Mr. DeWight's voice suddenly said loudly over the applause, "No Diamond, no need to sit there. Come here and sit on my lap," he said to her in a slow drawl as she looked at him in both shock and disgrace.
Mr. DeWight was staring directly at her and Jen knew he was once again testing his boundaries with their agreement. She could argue, but she knew in the end he would have his way, so reluctantly turned and walked to where he was sitting as she broke into a large smile, his expression blatantly acknowledging his power over her.
"Nice ass!" she heard from one of the monitors as she continued to blush, walking towards Mr. DeWight who pulled back his chair and slapped his thigh.
Jen turned to sit down on Mr. DeWight's knee when suddenly let out a squeak of surprise, as the man grasped her bare waist and pulled her forcibly onto his lap, pulling her legs up and over the armrest of his chair as her back leaned against the other armrest. She was now shamefully draped over her lap, bare except for her thong!
She heard another strange voice say over the teleconference, "And titties!" as the mixed laughter of the strange men came across the speakers at her expense. Jen was mortified, laying across her boss' lap as he nonchalantly put one arm around her back, resting his other hand possessively on her lower thigh.
"Now that we're all comfortable," he said to the chuckles of several of the men, "let's get down to business."
Mr. DeWight called out one of the manager's names—Harry Keller, the manager of the Atlanta club, Twisters—who began talking about what was going on with his club.
Jen barely paid any attention to the man speaking, her attention instead on Mr. DeWight's hand, which began slowly sliding up and down her thigh. She was overwhelmed at her bizarre predicament—lying practically naked across her boss' lap in front of a group of men having a business meeting—to even pay attention to the what the men were talking about as they each took turns discussing their clubs.
The irony about her situation was she was actually comfortable, the soft leather armrests of the chair well-cushioned, and she was ashamed to admit Mr. DeWight's hand on her leg felt nice, the gentle sliding of his hand across the skin of her thigh actually soothing. Without even being aware of it, Jen felt her body relax, slowly getting accustomed to her position as she focused more upon the discussions around her than her bizarre circumstances.
Some of the talk concerned orders of alcohol, furniture, and such—both the topics and litany of the meeting dry and uninteresting. Much of the discussions centered on accounting, which had never been something Jen had an interest in—even Dan handled all their bills. As such her mind wandered, paying more attention on Mr. DeWight's hand as it moved up and down her leg.
His touch was light on her skin, his hand moving abstractedly up and down her thigh as he listened to the other men talk.
Unfortunately, now that her nerves and embarrassment had quieted, she realized her body was beginning to respond to the man's touch. Panicking from her body's betrayal, she refocused her attention to the conversations within the meeting in an attempt to curb her stimulation.
"And how are our other shipments going?" Mr. DeWight was asking.
"Distribution of last month's shipment is on track, although we're getting low on product," one of the managers—a large black man—said over the television. Jen recognized him as the Atlanta manager, Harry something-or-another. "We expect the next shipment the week after next, so once it is processed we should be back on track without any dip in revenue," he said over the television.
Jen wondered what product he was talking about, as they had already gone over alcohol, furniture, and other miscellaneous club supplies. Mr. DeWight had already introduced her idea concerning the vending machines and stripper essentials, telling the managers he would be investigating proper distribution machines but to expect them to be delivered and placed in dressing rooms by the end of next month.
Another dark-skinned man, Jen guessed him to be Arab or Mediterranean in origin, spoke up as well stating their product had also been delivered on time and were waiting for the next shipment from the Atlanta office.
Curiosity getting the better of her and no longer focusing on Mr. DeWight's hand on her, Jen focused more upon the conversations as her mind wondering if the 'product' they were discussing were actually drugs, knowing this was one of the crimes Mr. DeWight was involved in.
If her hunch was right, she was surprised they would discuss such illegal activities openly in the meeting, although they were particularly careful from mentioning anything illegal, using words like 'product' and 'shipment' and 'distribution' to discuss what she increasingly decided were drugs, possibly even the Ecstasy she had been given without her knowledge.
Thinking about drugs caused her to glance down at her navel piercing, hoping the FBI was listening and they could discover something to help out with their investigation when her attention was again drawn to Mr. DeWight's hand on her leg. Seeing his hand gliding up and down her thigh, feeling his hand moving slowly against her skin, while lying on his lap in nothing but a thong wedged into her ass she once again felt her body respond to his attention. Her breasts imperceptibly tightened and Jen took a deep breath, purposely turning her attention back to the monitors again in an attempt to ignore what her body was feeling.
A man with a thick Russian accent was speaking, stating something concerning overseas shipments being received and welcomed, the buyers stating interest in another shipment of similar quality soon.
Once again she wondered if they were talking about drugs.
"It remains to be seen if their involvement and information is worthwhile," Mr. DeWight told the Eastern European as his hand continued stroking Jen's thigh. "Tell them we can accommodate them next quarter, but do not promise anything. We still need to gather the resources, then train them, and then coordinate the shipping and handling. If they baulk at the time involved, tell them we have others just as interested and willing to wait for our services," he told the man.
Jen did not think they were discussing drugs, although she had no idea what they were talking about, instead her attention once again focused upon Mr. DeWight's hand, which had now slid further on the inside of her thigh as Mr. DeWight talked. She did not even think he was aware of his hand's movements, still continuing to slide his arm up and down, but because of his new position, his fingers now drifted closer to her crotch she realized with apprehension.
Jen was surprised at her reaction. She should be feeling shame and dread or even outrage at the indecent physical contact, but to her growing consternation she felt her skin heat up, her breasts tightening involuntarily, once again attempting to focus on the conversations within the meeting.
"Durante, how goes your personnel problems?" Mr. DeWight said.
The Mediterranean/Arab spoke up again, and based on his accent, Jen reassessed her thoughts, believing him to have an Italian heritage. "Once the two girls I sent up for their interviews get back I'll pull them into the rotation. One still has to pop her cherry, but she'll draw the kiddie lover crowd; the other is a pretty good looker," he stated as Jen realized he was talking about Sapphire and the other girl she had interviewed—Misti—as the other man continued. "She has the experience, so she'll probably be a headliner," he concluded.
With her attention focused on something more within her realm of understanding, Jen completely forgot about Mr. DeWight's hand upon her leg as she spoke up, feeling strange talking to the room in general, as well as being practically naked as she said loudly, "You'll have to make other arrangements for the time being because I didn't hire them."
The room went suddenly quiet as Jen felt every pair of virtual eyes upon her, only this time not in lust, but in shock.
"What did you say?" the decidedly Italian sounding voice—his accent more visible now that he was surprised and angered—asked her.
Jen paused until Mr. DeWight patted the inside of her leg and whispered, "Go ahead dear."
"I said," Jen stated more loudly, "I didn't hire them. Sapphire—the girl who looks like a teenager—I told to come back next week, but the other girl I'm not going to hire," she said. Feeling like she needed to defend her position, she said, "The girl will be nothing but trouble for the other girls, and there's already too much unrest at your club," she said, glancing at Mr. DeWight for his nod of approval.
She was startled as the man suddenly burst out with a yell. "YOU'RE not hiring!" his accent even thicker in his anger. "Who the fuck do you think you are bitch, I already hired them!" he spat.
Jen's stress finally hit the final straw as all hesitation and tension broke inside of her. She was tired of being manipulated, forced out of her normal life, her dealings with Mr. DeWight for the past few hours leaving her stretched completely within her mind as she finally found an outlet for her emotions, quickly turning into anger.
"No. You did not hire her, you merely screened her and sent her here. I have the final say in what girls do and do not get hired, for your club or anybody else's," she said, leaning up in Mr. DeWight's lap and looking pointedly at each of the monitors. "That's the whole purpose of them coming here, so for the last fucking time, I...Did...Not...Hire...Them," she said succinctly.
"Fucking whore!" the manager from the Houston club yelled. "We have a staffing problem, and those bitches need to be on the floor tomorrow!" he yelled into the monitor.
Jen realized if the man had been in the room, she probably would have been more intimidated; however, the anonymity of being on a video screen caused her to have more resolved as she sat up straighter. Glancing at Mr. DeWight, who was grinning and nodding for her to go on, she stated, "Actually, you don't have a staffing problem, you have scheduling issues. You already have more girls than any other club, and several of the girls have been asking for additional shifts, so you can let them have any slacked shifts until I decide on an appropriate replacement," she told the man, whose anger had him stuttering in the monitor.
Discounting her completely, the irate manager shifted hissed to Mr. DeWight, "Mr. DeWight, please tell this fucking slut how things work around here."
There was a pause as everybody looked at Mr. DeWight, who was obviously enjoying the boldness Jen was exhibiting as he finally spoke up.
"Actually," Mr. DeWight said, squeezing Jen's thigh firmly in reassurance, his thumb almost adjacent to her crotch, "Diamond has the right of it," he said to the surprise of everybody. "As Spokesmodel, Diamond is officially the VP of Ecdysiast Services, in charge of all the dancers. Although that has been up until now an honorific title, she has requested to play a more integral role in the management of the girls," he said as several outbursts came from the television sets causing Mr. DeWight to raise his voice to finish, "and I have agreed under certain...conditions," he said staring directly into Jen's eyes.
Jen gasped as Mr. DeWight's hand immediately moved to cup her crotch, a warm surge going through her body at the contact, her hips jerking in his lap.
She should have been appalled, embarrassed, or any of a hundred emotions, but instead, all she could focus on was the pressure of his palm against her mons as her pulse suddenly sped up within her.
"What exactly does that mean, sir?" asked another dark-skinned manager with a thick, possibly Spanish accent, briefly drawing Jen's attention away from her physical dilemma.
"What that means gentlemen is Diamond will be performing the duties exactly for which the position was designed for; Diamond is in charge of all the girls from all the clubs in more than just name. She will be the final say in hiring, their management, their training, and dealing with their complaints and any other issues pertaining to the dancers," he told the shocked managers.
"And firing," Jen said, feeling she should also be able to correct any mistakes of wrongfully hired girls as she came across them, but more importantly prevent the managers retaliating against anybody she hired.
Mr. DeWight shrugged, the movement causing his hand so slide across her crotch as she tried to ignore the placement of his hand. There was only a thin piece of metallic cloth between his skin and hers, and the placement of his hand was causing her body to heat up.
Based on the managers' still discussing her role in the management of the dancers, she figured they could not see the placement of Mr. DeWight's hand due to the angle of the table, thankful for small miracles. Either that or there were too distraught over her apparent insurgency.
"Sir, this is highly irregular," the skinny nerd-like guy with Tim said. "How are we supposed to manage a club when the sole reason for that club—the girls—are not under our purview?" he asked.
Others on the screens vocalized their agreement, everybody talking at once, and all in like mind with the skinny man.
Jen twitched suddenly when Mr. DeWight's had moved from between her legs as he held it up for silence. The sudden absence of his hand left her with a feeling of want, ashamed at her body's reaction to the man's invasive touch.
"Gentlemen, please," he said loudly, immediately quieting them down. "You will still have to deal with the day to day management of the girls as well as the rest of the club," he told them with reassurance. "But as the corporate liaison for the girls Diamond has the final say on any major decisions for them," he said, again holding up his hand to stop any discussion. "Now that's not to say she has to approve every schedule, sick day, or shift change," he told them, looking down directly at her as she nodded her head, agreeing with his stipulation. "However," he went on, "it does mean in terms of hiring," he paused and smiled at her before continuing, "and firing as well as resolving personnel issues and their complaints, grievances, and other major issues, she is their corporate contact," he told them.
Mr. DeWight let the men grumble a bit more before he said succinctly, "Is that clear?" he asked the room.
The tone within his voice was one Jen had heard before, it meant he expected—and received—no additional comments, the room quieting down almost immediately.
Smiling at his own power even amongst the other men, he lowered his hand, placing it upon Jen's hip as he continued speaking, his tone almost nonchalant as if ordering the men to completely change the way they managed their clubs was an everyday occurrence.
"Now since we're on the subject of change, there are going to be a few more," the man said as he smiled at Jen.
Suddenly her mouth opened in surprise as she felt the strap of her thong spring free, Mr. DeWight obviously unsnapping the clasp! Jen looked at Mr. DeWight who was smiling as her mouth went dry, her heart racing as Mr. DeWight's hand slowly and deliberately slid across her pelvis, his palm against her skin as he once again placed his hand between her legs—only this time his palm directly upon her skin of her crotch without the barrier of cloth!
Jen was in shock, not realizing how much she had relied on the thin covering of her thong until it was gone. She looked at Mr. DeWight who was still smiling down at her before he raised his head and began talking to the rest of the room—his demeanor calm and controlled, giving no indication he was lewdly groping the naked woman lying across his lap, his bare hand resting across the skin of her slit.
Jen's mind was barely able to interpret her boss' words, being completely overwhelmed, dazed, and in shock at his blatant shameless touch; however, as Mr. DeWight's voice filled the room with a commanding tone, even she was compelled to listen to him.
"First, as I mentioned, Diamond will be the final say on hiring new girls. You will still all be the ones to recommend them, but the final decision rests with her, and I expect you all to comply with her decisions. Also, in regards to hiring," he paused, his hand slowly beginning to move back and forth across Jen's crotch to her fear and horror, "effective immediately and to include this week's group of interviews, each girl's travel will now be paid for by your individual clubs," he said.
Jen's attention was pulled away from the mans' touch upon her in surprise, as she looked up at him as the room once again burst out with more yells of concern. She had not planned on the girls' travel coming out of club expenses, instead stating the company should pay! She could understand the managers' consternation as the clubs were only a fraction of the company's earnings. She knew the company as a whole could afford paying travel as she suggested, but for it to come out of the club's own proceeds was something she had never planned.
Looking up at Mr. DeWight, she saw him smile down at her as he placed their conferencing on mute and telling her he was doing this to avoid the managers sending bad interviews and shirking their own duties on hiring. "If one of the managers thinks a girl is worth hiring, then he can back that up by paying for her to fly out here," he told her quietly as the managers continued talking amongst themselves.
From the conversations coming through the speakers, Jen knew they were blaming all the changes on her, as Mr. DeWight looked back up to the screens and unmuted them.
"Gentlemen!" he said loudly, once again getting everybody's attention. "I would like to clarify that although Diamond suggested travel for interviews be paid for," he said as Jen once again felt everybody's eyes on her in anger before he continued, "but it is MY decision for it to come out of each club's expenses," he told them as Jen looked at him with some relief. "My purpose is to verify each of you are diligent in your interviewing and screening processes, which has become slack as of late," he admonished to the men on the screens. "I say this to make sure you do not punish Diamond by sending every pair of bad tits to her and not picking the best girls for the job. If you need girls, you screen them, and then send the best up here for Diamond to review," he told them. "Diamond has been in this business long enough to know a good dancer, and that's what we are trying to promote, quality over quantity," he said to them.
Although Jen could see the obvious disapprovals in all the manager's faces, their looks centered on her apparent even through a television monitor, she knew they would follow Mr. DeWight's direction. Even they knew not to piss off the man.
Suddenly Jen jerked in surprise, a gasp coming out of her mouth as Mr. DeWight's hand once again moved between her legs, his middle finger running along her slit, his finger moving from back to front over the junction between her labia.
With complete and utter humiliation she felt her body respond, the warmth within her lower abdomen a clear indication of his effect upon her. She closed her eyes as Mr. DeWight made a soft chuckle as she felt his finger suddenly glide across her slit, her body's wetness betraying her and letting Mr. DeWight know how she was reacting to his touch. Jen felt her pulse speed up as her nipples hardened, the beat of her heart pulsing through her thunderously as Mr. DeWight gently stroked her.
She was no longer thinking about the men's anger, her mind solely focused on her boss' finger as it gently glided across her womanhood.
As if from another room she listened as Mr. DeWight proceeded to outline her mentorship program, a chorus of relief coming from the television screens as he told them travel for those engagements would come from corporate funds. But her mind was more focused on the man's hand between her legs, her arousal growing even more as his finger—now coated with her arousal—glided across opening.
Although the managers probably agreed with Mr. DeWight's comments about the quality of dancers, Jen knew they were not happy with her role in overseeing the women. It was a no-brainer to know the benefit of better trained workers, and she was surprised the idea had never come up before. She remembered Mr. DeWight's comments on the last two Spokesmodels doing nothing but dancing and performing their filming obligations.
She understood the managers' concerns, as some of them had probably been managing the girls even when Elsie was dancing and helping out Mr. DeWight. For probably the first time in their lives their clubs' success resided on somebody else other than them, so she did feel some sympathy for their objections.
Abruptly Jen gasped as Mr. DeWight's finger pressed harder against her cleft, his finger sliding between the folds of her labia, his finger smoothly slipping over her core, her hips involuntarily jerking as it passed across her clitoris. Jen was almost oblivious to the room while Mr. DeWight stroked her, sucking in short breaths each time his finger passed over her clitoris.
"One final thing," Mr. DeWight said as Jen shamefully realized her hips had begun slowly rocking in response to Mr. DeWight's touch.
Again in an attempt to take her mind off what was happening to her she attempted to focus on the conversation, turning her head from Mr. DeWight's pleased face and looking at the television monitors. She saw their expressions all similar, preparing for another unwelcomed statement from their boss.
"I am giving the green light on production settings for Diamond's tour," he said, catching her attention at the mention of her name.
Jen did not know what he was talking about other than it involving her, but she felt a sudden dread at the response of the managers, some of them looking at her intently with grins. Wondering what his words meant, as well as trying to ignore the obvious response from her body at Mr. DeWight's hand between her legs, he continued.
"Diamond and I have reached an understanding, and she is willing to abide by the terms of her contract," he said, "so I see no reason not to approve all of your suggestions."
She felt Mr. DeWight's eyes upon her as she looked back at him, seeing his smile. "Isn't that right Diamond?" he asked.
Jen's mouth flew open as she suddenly gasped, an unwanted groan escaping her lips as her body jerked uncontrollably as Mr. DeWight's finger abruptly slipped into her wet core!
"Unh-ah-oh!" her groan came, obviously audible to the other men as Jen heard several chuckles from the monitors. Without realizing it, she closed her eyes, her mind focusing on the invasion of her person as her entire body flushed with lust and humiliation as the men now comprehended what was going on.
Lacking any control, Jen's breathing became ragged as her hips shamefully moved in response to Mr. DeWight's finger sliding in and out of her core. Her body, already aroused at the exhibitionism being practically naked in the room in the first place, now became inflamed with desire as her hips moved in rhythm with Mr. DeWight's hand, slowly speeding up as his pace increased.
Jen's body was on fire, her mind appalled at how easily Mr. DeWight was pulling her strings, her arousal peaking faster than ever as she began to hear the soft squishing noises of his finger moving in and out of her wet slit faster and faster.
Without even realizing it, she dropped her outer leg off Mr. DeWight's lap, her foot landing loudly on the floor as her legs spread open, giving the man complete exposure to her sex.
She was completely humiliated, debased at lying across her boss' lap as he fingered her openly before over half a dozen guys—one of them her very own fiancé!
But her body did not care, all her control lost in lust which overrode any resolve and decorum she could feel as she felt an orgasm build within her.
The meeting was no longer a concern as Mr. DeWight tilted his head down, Jen crying out in desire as he took her right nipple into his mouth, sucking the sensitive flesh into his hot orifice. Mr. DeWight's hand was moving rapidly, his finger slamming in and out of her cunt as she let out another yell when his tongue fluttered across her hardened bud.
In complete surrender Jen let her head fall back, completely lost in arousal as Mr. DeWight began using two fingers to sexually assault her, his teeth continuing to bite down on her nipple.
Jen's propriety was completely over the edge, abasing herself on the lap of her fiancé's rival without any reluctance, and when his thumb pressed tightly against her clit, her body exploded. All at once Jen's hips thrusted uncontrollably into his hand, her entire body moving as if she was having a seizure.
As the orgasm rushed through her body Jen could not control herself as she whimpered, "Oh God! Yes!" over and over as her release flooded through her entire being.
In the background, almost as if in a dream, Jen heard clapping, slowly making out a couple of the men's voices coming across the monitors saying "Well done sir." But at this point Jen no longer cared about them, her body completely saturated with her orgasm as Mr. DeWight's fingers still moved in and out of her, triggering her to once again cum, the waves of her climax hitting her over and over, lustful desire spreading throughout her soul as she laid complacently across her boss' lap, subjecting herself in complete abandonment.
Eventually Mr. DeWight's hand stopped, his fingers still lodged within her wet core as she heard him say through her orgasm-enriched mind, "Gentleman, I think this is a perfect ending for the meeting, don't you agree?"
Suddenly his fingers abruptly pulled from her body, and Jen let out an involuntary whimper—to the other men's obvious amusement—as she heard the men agree with Mr. DeWight's statement, telling him they could get used to this being on the agenda at every meeting as they laughed.
Jen's body pinked in shame, squeezing her eyes shut even harder as she laid splayed vulgarly across her boss' lap as embarrassment and humiliation overcame her, even while at the same time relishing her post-orgasmic release.
Her mind screaming within her, now that her release was over and reason once again came to her awareness.
What the hell was going on?
Normal people did not have a board meeting naked, or get off another employee in front of the others!
These and a thousand other thoughts coursed through her mind's resurgence, now that her body's arousal had been satiated and she was once again cognizant of her surroundings.
Her eyes still closed, she suddenly felt Mr. DeWight's finger against her lip and immediately responded by opening her mouth, sucking on the wet fingers inserted into her mouth. Jen tasted the tangy yet sweet taste of her own arousal. Opening her eyes, she was chagrined to see Mr. DeWight smiling down at her, as she unconsciously cleaned his fingers of her very own sex.
A few moments later he pulled his finger from her mouth and Jen finally turned her head, seeing the lustful stares of all the managers on the television screens. She had thought they had left, her body once again overcome with humiliation and shame at being degraded before them.
Her eyes involuntarily moved and rested on Dan's image, sitting in Mr. DeWight's office at the Satin Kitty. His face was expressionless other than his lips pursed tightly as he contained his feelings.
A tear welled up in her eye, slowly rolling down her cheek at his image, while Mr. DeWight told the men he would see them the following week. Immediately the televisions went blank, Dan's face turning into nothing but a blank screen as she silently cried in shame.
"Well, that went better than I thought," Mr. DeWight's voice said in the quiet room, catching her attention. "I think we were quite successful getting them thinking of other things besides you taking over their management of their girls," he said to her, "don't you agree?"
Jen's mind, body, and soul were a mixture of emotions—shame, arousal, loss, excitement, even bewilderment—all coursing through her while still leaving her feeling empty and blank, unable to form a thought as she continued to look at her boss.
"Granted they will begin to think about it later," he continued, as if having a normal conversation instead of talking to the woman he had just violated on his lap who was softly crying, "but I will abide by our agreement and you now have complete control over the girls," he said to her. "Just remember, if your plans do not show a profit, it will be your own ass on the line," he said to her as he slid her off his lap and got up.
Jen stood next to the chair, her thong barely hanging off her right hip exposing her crotch as Mr. DeWight walked out of the room, telling her over his shoulder, "That will be all for today Diamond," dismissing her without a care as she continued standing almost naked, shamed to the core.
She stood there for a few minutes before quietly leaving the room.
Mr. DeWight was not in the office, apparently having left immediately, and Jen gathered and put on her clothes.
Making her way back to her office in a trance, she entered the double frosted glassed doors and numbly went into her office, ignoring Velvet's questions as she collapsed into her chair, staring blankly at the computer.
"Hello? Earth to Diamond," Velvet's voice came over her.
Jen looked at her still in a daze, unaware the girl had followed her.
"What did Mr. DeWight say about your proposals?" she asked anxiously. Suddenly seeing the blank expression on Jen's face she backed off, looking at her in concern as she asked, "Are you alright?"
Jen shook off her mental fuzziness as best she could, finally looking up at her assistant as she answered. "Yeah, I'm fine," she lied. "And yes, Mr. DeWight agreed to everything," she said after a moment, not going into any more details on their agreement.
"He did?" Velvet's voice and face showed surprise. "Even the paid travel?" she asked as Jen nodded.
Then her assistant looked at her more intently, her brows furrowed. "And what did he want in return?" she asked.
Even as new as she was, Velvet was aware Mr. DeWight was not somebody who gave in to anything without a reason.
Jen shrugged, unwilling to tell Velvet how she had accepted his offer to become the willing slut he wanted her to be, instead saying, "He gave me a year to prove my changes will increase profits above and beyond the costs of the travel."
"And then what?" Velvet asked as Jen shrugged.
Her assistant was more astute, but Jen currently did not want to talk about her problems as she told her, "Let's not think about that," as she logged into her computer and glanced at a few e-mails.
Eventually she realized she had been staring at her inbox for who knew how many minutes so decided the e-mails could wait until tomorrow. Surprisingly Velvet had not left, patiently sitting across from her desk. Jen's mind had been so preoccupied with what had happened she had not even noticed.
Looking at the young woman she finally asked, "So what do we have on the agenda next?"
She needed something to do in order to get into a proper mindset, pushing her thoughts away from the aroused and confused feelings of her body.
She became conscious of the wet material between her legs and she tried to refocus her thoughts away from the shameful, yet undeniable yearning of her body wanting more.
"Well, I say let's call your limo, catch some dinner, and then it'll be time to meet the guys at the club," Velvet said happily.
In surprise Jen looked at the clock, seeing it was already after five o'clock. She had lost all track of time in her meetings and eventual debasement.
She began to open her mouth to tell Velvet she was not going to go when the girl raised her hand.
"Oh no, you are NOT backing out of this," the woman said with conviction. "When's the last time you had some fun?" she asked rhetorically as she went on, "it's time to let your hair down, meet some new people, and forget about DSA for an evening," she said. "Besides, you look like you need a distraction," she said with sympathy.
Jen knew the young woman was right. If she went back to the hotel, all she would end up doing would be sitting and thinking about what had happened over and over, feeling sorry for herself.
Reluctantly she nodded her head, telling a triumphant Velvet she would look for something to change into.
"No," her assistant told her, "that outfit is perfect. It's the right part of slutty, sexy, and still leaving the guys wanting more—it will look awesome under black lights!" she said happily.
Jen relented, agreeing with the girl if only to curb the woman's bubbly attitude, which was irritating in light of her despondent feelings, although she would not take it out on the girl who was only trying to be helpful. Also Jen knew the girl was anxious to meet up with Christopher, her photographer's assistant, remembering how they had hit it off during her photo-shoot.
Velvet called for her limo and a few minutes later her chauffeur called to let her know the limousine was waiting. Without any more discussion they made their way downstairs.
Laurence raised his eyebrows seeing Velvet accompanying Jen, as she told him they were going out for the night, asking if they should take a cab.
Her driver looked at the two beautiful women and smiled. "My job is to drive you wherever you want to go ma'am," he told her. "Taxis are not reputable enough for two beautiful women such as yourselves," he said politely as he held open the door for the girls.
After scooting inside to give Velvet room and Laurence closing the door, her assistant whispered, "He's cute," as the car moved off.
Asking where they wished to go, Velvet told Laurence they were going clubbing at the Avalon, but wanted to eat something first, asking if he knew of a restaurant near there they could stop. The driver nodded as if he knew where he was going—which Jen was glad for—as they pulled away from the corporate headquarters.
"Want me to shut the partition?" Velvet asked as she sat back in the seat.
"No!" Jen said suddenly, and seeing the surprised look from her assistant, said with embarrassment, "Sorry, I mean, no. I enjoy the view from the front window," she said lamely, not willing to go into how Mr. DeWight demanded her into allowing the chauffer to look at her—or her continued display of herself each morning.
Jen was actually glad for the girl's company, quickly falling into 'girl talk' about this and that, grateful she did not have time to dwell on the day's events.
The restaurant Laurence took them to eat at was a nice outdoor bistro. Jen and Velvet both ordered the mahi-mahi special with a nice chardonnay, and her mind completely occupied with her assistant's company and watching the scenes of Los Angeles unfold about them as they chatted about anything and everything.
Once again Jen was glad for Velvet's company, realizing the rest of the evening would have been spent wallowing in her own self-pity.
After eating, when the waiter brought the check Velvet pulled out what Jen saw with surprise was a Platinum American Express card.
"You have a platinum card?" she asked surprised. After talking to her all night Jen knew the girl was practically living as a pauper, working not only at the club but also part time as a waitress at a local café to make ends meet, reminding her of her earlier career while Dan had been in college.
Velvet blushed and said somewhat shamefully, "Actually, it's your card," she admitted to Jen's surprise. "Elsie dropped it off while you were in your meetings and told me to use it exclusively for you," she smiled, handing her the card.
Jen looked at the credit card, surprised to read the name on the front: 'Diamond, DSA Spokesmodel.' She had never seen a card without a real name, let alone a stripper's dancing alias, wondering what Mr. DeWight had to do to get such a card. She looked at it for a few moments before the fact it was her card sank into her awareness.
Larry was waiting for them in front of the restaurant when they exited, so they quickly got into the car as he drove them to the nightclub.
Nearing the club, Jen was overwhelmed at the extravagant facing of the front of the building, looking more like an elegant hotel or casino than a dancing club. Situated next to the club was an open lot where a carnival was set up--complete with a Ferris wheel and other rides full of people; however, it was the other side of the club entrance which caught her attention—a long line of people extending down the block and wrapping out of sight around the next building!
"We are not waiting in that!" Jen said, somewhat glad they had a reason to cancel going to the club.
The quiet ride to the club after dinner had caused Jen to realize they were going to meet a man who had just yesterday fucked her in front of not only a camera, but several other people—including the woman sitting next to her. How could she even meet him face-to-face let alone try to have a fun night out with him she wondered. And what would they think of her for allowing it?
Velvet's laughter caught her attention as the young girl stated, "Of course not, not when we're going to be with an actual VIP who can get us into the club!" she said.
Jen looked at her with doubt, wondering what the young woman was talking about when her attention was brought to the door as Larry opened it for them.
Getting out of the car, Jen looked at her assistant in puzzlement, wondering who else they were meeting for them to get into the door without waiting in line like everybody else when her attention was drawn to a group of men walking quickly towards them.
"There you are!" she heard one of the men say as she recognized Christopher and Sean, along with four other men gather with them.
Christopher immediately took Velvet into his arms, lifting her up and giving her a big kiss. Jen stood around uncomfortably as Velvet's dress pulled up, showing off the bottom half of her bare ass—Jen realizing the woman was wearing a thong like her—as the other men looked on with heated eyes.
Without any hint of embarrassment Velvet, pulled the hem of her skirt back when Christopher released her, her face flushed instead at the obvious heated kiss. Jen could immediately see the woman was more comfortable about showing off her body than even she was, her mind drifting back to Mr. DeWight's comment about her needing to feel more comfortable about her nudity.
It was an odd conundrum, being a stripper and exposing herself to men almost nightly, while still being self-conscious in public.
She looked at the men, realizing all of them were now looking heatedly at her. She kept her face from looking at Sean and instead looked at each of the men, uncomfortable to meet Sean's eyes, again wondering what he thought of her after their carnal photo-shoot the day before.
"Sorry we're late," Velvet said as the young man released her, her lips red, puffy, and glistening from the deep kiss. Christopher put his hand on her ass as she stood near him, her body comfortable with the man's attention as she told the others, "Diamond's staff meeting went over schedule, and then we had to get a bite to eat, but we're ready to party now!" she said happily to the other men's hoots.
"Thank God," Sean said to everybody else's agreement. "We thought we were going to have to get in that line and wait all night," he chuckled as the other guys nodded their heads, their eyes never leaving Jen.
Jen finally looked at the man, not knowing what to expect—lust, disgust, dominance, or repulsion—but he paid her no more attention than any other woman, focusing upon Velvet as much as herself. In fact, he treated her no differently than the other guys with him, introducing them to her and Velvet as simple acquaintances, not somebody he had fucked and cum all over the day before.
Without intending to, Jen felt herself relax, her earlier trepidation dissipating as she greeted the other men—all handsome with well-toned bodies. She heard a chorus of names, but knew she would not get them straight as she was introduced to Carl, Steve, Jonathon, and Tom.
Once introductions were made Sean asked if everybody ready, and to Velvet's and the other men's enthusiastic reply, as well as her own less-than-excited response, surprisingly wrapped his arm around Jen's shoulders and led them to the entrance of the club, bypassing the line.
At the doors were two well-built bouncers, each holding an iPad which they looked at as they let people into the door from the long line. Jen saw each of them had the type of microphones in their ears with the twirled tubing, reminding her of Secret Service men or spies in the movies when she suddenly thought about her own surveillance equipment on her body.
"Names?" the large bald bouncer on the left asked without even looking up from his tablet.
Jen's eyes grew large in surprise as Sean said, "Diamond, DSA Spokesmodel and entourage."
The man looked from his iPad suddenly, his eyes widening in obvious recognition as he looked at her, saying, "Wow, you look even better in person than online," he told her as she felt a moment of embarrassment.
She also noticed all the banter from the people in front of the line had quieted as several people raised their phones towards her, knowing they were taking pictures of her as she again blushed. Once again she did not know how to react to her apparent increasing notoriety and celebrity status.
The bouncer tapped on his iPad and looked back up at them saying, "Go on in. A hostess will greet you in the lobby and take you to your table," he told them as the Velvet and the guys 'hooted' their success.
Jen was still surprised it was her name—or pseudonym—used to get in—and that it had worked as she let Sean lead her into the double doors followed by the others, finally asking him about it.
The handsome man laughed, Jen oddly having a flashback in her mind of his large cock entering her, spreading her wide, as she was brought back to reality as he answered. "Although your official coming out party isn't until tomorrow night, the whole city underground has been talking about you for the past few days," he explained to her, causing her to once again to feel uncomfortable about her apparent fame.
One of the other guys, Carl she believed was his name, said, "There hasn't been a DSA Spokesmodel for several years," he explained. "The fact DSA has one now after years of auditions and applications—and from an unknown girl—has everybody curious," he told her with a smile. "I've heard the DSA website actually crashes a couple times each night from the volume of people trying to log in and see your section," he chuckled with everybody else.
Jen felt her face flush in shame hearing and being reminded by the web site, remembering the videos of her fucking Mr. DeWight as well as sucking Tim off. Hearing about the web site's success getting so much traffic caused her to remember Mr. DeWight giving her the bonus check—still in her purse—for her 'beyond expected revenue.'
Moving further into the front lobby of the club they were immediately accosted by the steady "Thoom! Thoom! Thoom! Thoom!" of the club music coming from inside, the heavy bass beats vibrating all the way through them as they walked into an elegantly decorated reception area.
A woman wearing short white hot pants and a bandeau top—an outfit very similar to one Jen wore at the club—greeted them. "Hi, I'm Sandy and will be your hostess for the evening. If you'll follow me I'll take you to your table," she said over the music and crowd, leading them into the club proper.
Sean's arm wrapped around Jen's waist as he escorted her forward, the others following behind, as the woman led them into the main section of the club. Jen was suddenly happy for Sean's arm around her as she was overwhelmed and assaulted by the loud Top 40 contemporary club music, encompassing and surrounding them like a flood of water. His arm was an anchor to the resulting chaos as around them, a sea of jumping and bouncing bodies congregated in the center floor while a myriad of lights—strobes, spotlights, black lights, and more—moved in time to the music.
Jen saw over the crowd a raised stage where the music and lights were apparently controlled by a couple of DJ's. Around the stage and before her and her party the surge of bodies moved and undulated, like a single giant creature, pulsating in time to the music.
She became mesmerized as the crowd moved like a wave machine, beginning to feel the stirring within her to dance as they followed their hostess to a sunken lounge area draped off by velvet ropes, the area containing various plush couches and tables.
Their particular section was directly adjacent to the dance floor in the middle of the VIP area—the best seats in the lounge she realized—and she saw all the other VIP patrons, as well as those in the crowd around them, look intently to see who could reserve the exclusive spot.
Christopher nonchalantly dropped down into one of the plush chairs around their table, yanking Velvet by the arm onto his lap as her squeal of surprise caused the other guys to laugh. Jen smiled as her assistant squirmed, seeing the woman eventually settle down in the man's lap and leaning against his chest. Jen could tell much of the girl's protests were fake, particularly when Velvet abruptly leaned over and began making out with Christopher as the others settled down.
Jen sat on one of the couches as Sean and a muscular blonde with wavy hair sat on each side of her. The blonde smiled openly at her as he reminded her his name was Carl, causing her to blush in embarrassment at having forgotten his name already.
The hostess returned with another woman each bringing a tray akin to a small mini-bar, which they placed on the table, explaining they would only be charged for what was opened. Jen looked at the dozen or so bottles of various liquors in admiration, recognizing several top-shelf liquors. Meanwhile the hostess' partner set down a rack of glasses and an ice bucket, as well as what looked like a garage door opener which the hostess explained would page her directly whenever they needed anything before the two women left them.
Sean took charge, taking everybody's orders and pouring drinks—vodka for Jen, gin for Velvet, while all the guys took either bourbon or scotch. With drinks in hand, they all sat back and watched the crowd.
Jen was once again amazed at the mass of people in the club, particularly on Thursday night. As she people-watched, she agreed with Velvet's comment about her outfit being tame compared to some of the things being worn—or in some cases not worn—by some of the women dancing, particularly the staff.
Looking around the club she saw small stages and pillars scattered around where girls wearing short hot pants and halters—their bodies covered with fluorescent paints and heavy make-up—danced and gyrated to the music. Currently a club version of Cher Lloyd's 'With Ur Love' was playing, and Jen watched the girls dance. Although she agreed with the others' comments about how the girls dancing well, she admitted selfishly they did not hold a candle to any of the girls from the Satin Kitty, inwardly proud of her club. She had helped coach most of the girls there, coming to the realization she was now in a similar role trying to improve the girls at their jobs, only on a much broader scope.
"So what do all you guys do?" she yelled over the music to the guys around the table, attempting to start some conversation.
All the men laughed as Sean smiled and said to her, "They are all in the business like us," he said realizing he meant the porn industry. "In fact," he continued, "all of us are contracted through DSA, so you'll probably end up working with each of us at one point or another on the set," he said matter-of-factly.
Jen's her lower abdomen immediately heated up as she realized he meant each of these men could end up fucking her on film. Sean stated the fact as if he were talking about them talking about the weather and coming across each of the men on a normal basis, as opposed to her actually having sex with them. Being surrounded by men who could very well end up having sex with her was embarrassing; however, she could not deny the thrill she also felt, looking around at the men—all unbelievably handsome—and wondering what sex with them would be like.
"Sean here's the lucky bastard," said a dark-haired man who reintroduced himself as Jonathon. "He told us what a natural you were on the set, but he didn't even come close to saying how hot you are in person," he told her as Jen felt herself blushed at the compliment and the man's direct look.
"I agree with Jonny," said Carl sitting next to her. "He told us you gave him the best blowjob he's ever had, as well as the best lay, which is high praise coming from Sean," he said as they all laughed, holding up their drinks in a toast.
Jen's was surprised and uncomfortable at how freely and openly the men talked about sex, not only with her, but in general. She let them do most of the talking, their open and frank discussions about 'the business' as well as the quirks of other women they had 'worked with' on the set surprising her, and ultimately putting her at ease. They chatted about sex like normal people discussing day-to-day happenings. It was a part of their lives and an actual job, those lives merely revolving around fucking other people in front of a camera.
Trying to calm her nerves, Jen finished her drink and poured another as she listened to them talk while looking around the club.
Velvet and Christopher were in their own little world making out on the chair across from her, as if there was nobody else around them. Watching her assistant behave so openly, combined with the lighting and steady beat of the club music actually allowed her to relax. The atmosphere was remarkably similar to her working at the club, and as she listened to the men talk about various sets they had done, her misgivings about the men having any preconceived notions about her having sex with Sean vanished, no longer feeling out of place.
While half-listening to the men talk and aware of Velvet and Christopher making out before them, Jen turned her attention back to the crowd dancing. The music blaring from the speakers seamlessly transitioned into a club version of 'People Like Us' by Kelly Clarkson as the bodies on the dance floor jumped and moved to the heavy beat.
Finishing her second drink Jen felt the warmth of the vodka in her stomach. Suddenly she was startled as Velvet, got up and grabbed Jen's hand, dragging her out to the dance floor.
Making a space for themselves amongst the writhing crowd, the girls began to dance, the music overwhelming them as they began to move their bodies. All nervousness Jen felt was vanquished by the combination of alcohol and surrounding dancing mob mentality, as well as the general festive mood.
As both girls were professional dancers, they moved naturally and seductively to the rhythm of the song, quickly drawing the attention of everybody around them. Lost in the music, Jen barely noticed the people watching her and Velvet, some even stopping and cheering them on as the two women moved alluringly to the song.
By the time the next song began—Afrojack's 'As Your Friend'—the guys had joined them, the six men encircling the two girls and dancing with both of them and neither of them at the same time.
Jen let the music take control, moving as she would any night in the club, her body moving in a combination of seductiveness, allure, and sensuality as she closed her eyes and let the her body follow the song, losing herself in one of the things she loved the most, dancing.
She became lost in the music, her experience as a stripper completely at the forefront as she finally opened her eyes, surprised to see everybody around her—including the guys and Velvet—having stopped dancing, instead watching her move. She smiled, stripper Diamond now in control and more comfortable than ever dancing before a crowd. Now aware of an audience, she continued to move, only this time smiling passionately and making eye contact with each the men around her as well as others in the crowd surrounding them.
Velvet caught her attention and pointed up, and as Diamond turned raised her arms and slowly turned her body she was startled to see herself dancing on the monitors in the club. Once again she felt a thrill run through her; she was in her true element, dancing to a crowd as most of the men watched her hungrily as if she were their next meal. Even some of the women looked at her intensely as she danced.
She smiled as she heard several of the guys yell out with the song, "I'ma fuck that pussy!" as she ran her hands over her body, still smiling broadly at them and meeting their eye contact directly.
A few minutes ago she would have been embarrassed; however, her stripper mentality was now in complete control as she moved her body, completely comfortable at being the desired object of everybody's attention, moving in beat with the song which merged into Ke$ha's 'C'mon.'
Dance club dancing was no different than strip club dancing—other than more bouncing and less nudity. As such, Diamond let her body go, undulating naturally to the thrumming beat of the songs while her breasts and hair bounced, her skirt leaping up and flashing her ass repeatedly as she moved in time to the music.
The crowd around her again applauded before starting to once again dance around her and she smiled as the guys moved closer, slowly surrounding her. Christopher and Velvet paired off leaving Diamond surrounded by five handsome guys completely enjoying herself.
She was completely caught up in the nightclub's atmosphere, moving with the music as the guys danced around her. She danced with each of them in turn, rotating her body towards each man for a few moments, dividing her attention equally between them. She was dancing with all of them, each of them, and none of them as she moved. Although more accustomed to being on stage by herself than with a partner, she easily adapted, moving her body to the steady beat.
After only a couple of songs she had a soft sheen of sweat covering her body—not surprising since these were club remixes and one song could be over ten minutes. Diamond did not care, losing herself into the music as she undulated her body to everybody's obvious pleasure.
Occasionally the monitors would again focus upon her dancing, and Diamond felt a thrill each time the people around her cheered. It was exhilarating to have so many people watching her as she moved expertly to the rhythm of the music, getting high off the joy of dancing.
Glancing to Christopher and Velvet, she saw Velvet had her back against him, rubbing her ass seductively against his crotch, giving him his own personal lap dance. Unlike a club though, he was not holding back from touching her, his hands moving across the front of her body, sliding across her breasts to her stomach, up her arms and into her hair, and then repeating, while Velvet continued to move seductively against him, obviously enjoying herself.
The beat subtly changed and Diamond knew the next song was coming on, the new one a bit slower but still having a deep electro-rhythm. Her body easily transitioned to the new song, moving seductively as the song built to a crescendo and she eventually recognized a dance mix version of Maroon 5's 'Daylight.'
Diamond was momentarily startled when hands wrapped around her bare waist, and looking over her shoulder, saw the blond-haired guy—Carl—holding her.
Unruffled at the close contact, she instead began swaying her hips back and forth across his crotch similar to Velvet's dancing with Chris. She smiled as she felt his grip tighten upon her, pulling her more tightly against him as they both moved to the beat of the song.
Diamond raised her hands over her head, pulling her hair up and letting it fall as she moved her body up and down with the pulse of the crowd. As she moved her ass rubbed against Carl's crotch, grinning when he pulled her tighter against him as he began grinding his crotch against into her ass.
She was momentarily taken aback when Carl's hands moved up to cup her breasts, but seeing men pawing all the other women around them she kept dancing. It was not the first time she was felt up on a dance floor, and in her profession it would not be the last she thought as she continued to move her body to the song.
The guy with the buzz cut—Steve she recalled—moved up in front of her and began matching her body's motion with his own. He smiled at her as he reached forward, his hands snaking around her waist until he was cupping her ass. She was startled when Carl suddenly let her go, allowing Steve to pull her against him. Not missing a stride, Diamond moved easily against his chest, still jumping up and down as she rubbed her body against his, dancing to the music while his hands moved over her backside, then up her bare back over and over.
Although such intimate contact in the strip club would normally upset her, in a nightclub setting with all the bodies around her doing similar or even more extreme variations, she chalked it up to part of the experience, instead letting her body go with the flow of the music.
A remix of 'Closer' by Tegan and Sarah transitioned throughout the club as Diamond was suddenly passed off to Jonathon, the tall handsome man with short-cut dark, hair, smiling as he pulled her against him like Carl, his crotch rubbing against her ass while she undulated against him. Meanwhile his hands roamed across her stomach, occasionally reaching up to slide across her breasts, even moving up to her neck and her hair before reversing their journey across her body back down to her hips.
Diamond was having fun, glad she had agreed to come out as she moved her body seductively to the songs. She was totally caught up in the revelry of the nightclub scene, admitting both Mr. DeWight and Velvet had been right, she had needed to get out, completely lost in the music as she was slowly transferred to each of the guys, gyrating continuously to the beat of the songs.
When another song came on she told the guys she needed a drink. They all nodded and told her Tom, a muscular shaven head guy who she had not noticed has left, had already gone to the table to get them all drinks, so with the guys in tow behind her, they made their way through the crowd back to the VIP area.
As they sat down Carl said Tom, "Have you got the lady's drink ready? She worked up quite a thirst out there," he laughed with the others.
Jen agreed with him, her body covered by a sheen of sweat, although she felt more alive and herself than ever, eager to get back out on the dance floor.
Tom handed her a glass, "Just want the lady needs," he told her with a smile as she took the glass, taking a big drink. Her eyes widened slightly at the taste, apparently a different brand of vodka than what she had before, as the drink's taste left a sharp bite to her tongue, but being thirsty from all the dancing, quickly downed the drink.
Tom was now sitting next to her on her right, and as she finished her first drink he poured her another. This time she noted he poured her a drink from the Grey Goose bottle she had started with, and taking a tentative sip, affirmed he must have given her another brand, as this drink went down much smoother.
As they relaxed around the table she began to loosen up more, talking with the guys good naturedly about how Jonathon grew up on a farm, Carl in New York, and so forth, as well as bits and pieces of her own life--how she had gotten into dancing, her plans to go to college, and even some of her plans with the other dancers in the clubs and her mentorship program. Jen discovered Sean had actually grown up only an hour away from her, both of them surprised to learn their schools had played football against each other. Even more surprising was her discovering he knew her little sister Suzanne, mentally making a note to call her sibling the first chance she got, ashamed at being so preoccupied with everything happening to her these past few weeks that she had ignored calling her.
"I can't believe how fucking awesome you dance," Tom said to her, drawing her attention to him as the other guys agreed.
"I've seen some of your videos online and seeing you in person is even more amazing," Jonathon said next to Tom as she blushed, wondering what other videos he had watched.
Her attention was drawn to her other side as Carl handed her another vodka on the rocks. She had not even realized she had already drank the other glass, being engrossed in her discussions with Tom and Jonathon. Taking a long pull of the clear fluid she once again noted the bitter taste to it, thanking Carl while telling him she usually drank Grey Goose, knowing he obviously had poured her drink from one of the other bottles of vodka on the table.
However, not being one to let a drink go to waste, she finished her glass as she talked with the men, eventually getting handed a fourth drink by Carl. Taking a sip she thanked him, stating this drink tasted much better.
Finishing the drink, Jen was feeling a warm buzz from the alcohol, her body having a heated flushed. Although her body was definitely feeling the effects of the drinks, the music seemed to play even clearer, and even the conversations around her more focused and precise as she talked with the men.
She had to admit she was having a good time, and when the guys asked if she wanted to dance some more, quickly accepted.
As she stood up she suddenly stumbled and leaned into Steve, not due to drunken tipsiness, but instead because it seemed as if the room suddenly exploded in color, everything becoming clearer and more precise to her. She was sharply aware of Steve's hand around her waist and without thinking leaned further into him, the closeness of his body sending a thrill through her as she absently ran her hand up his chest.
As Steve and the other guys smiled at her Jen laughed, telling them she probably had drank too much too quickly as they made their way back out on the dance floor.
Jen did not see Velvet or Christopher, but was not concerned as they moved into the large mass of people as she started moving to the song playing loudly and clearly across the speakers—'Party Over' by Amelia Lily.
Jen's body felt more alive than ever as she moved in time to the beat, easily adapting to the rhythm changes of the remix, soon lost in her own dance, her body moving seductively as the lights and crowd surrounded her. She was acutely aware of every note of the song, mesmerized at the flashing lights and movement of the people around her, the sights and sounds almost overwhelming her.
Diamond laughed openly, feeling wonderful, laughing in pure enjoyment as her body moved to the song. No longer even remotely shy, she moved her hands across her body, touching her thighs, ass, crotch, stomach, and breasts, sending chills deep within her stomach as her hands glided across her body.
She smiled openly when Sean moved up to her, his hands wrapping around her waist firmly as she smirked up at him, her body moving with his to the throbbing rhythm of the song. He pulled her forward against him and she felt a warm rush of pleasure run through her as his obviously male physique flushed against hers, her breasts pressed tightly against his chest as each of them moved with the steady beat of the song.
Diamond was enjoying herself as she looked up at him. Sean too was smiling and as she grinned in response, she wrapped her arms around his neck, the feel of his body something she seemed to need. Without warning but not surprising her, he lowered his head to hers and Diamond immediately opened her mouth, accepting his kiss as his tongue invaded her mouth, dancing with her own as their bodies continued moving to the music.
Diamond's body became impassioned, her pulse thundering through her both from the exertion of dancing as well as Sean's kiss, his hands sliding all over her back, her ass, her arms. She had a sudden flashback of kissing him on the set, her thoughts suddenly leaping ahead as his large cock entered her, pumping deeply into her, practically expecting his cock to come out of her chest. She vividly recalled her breasts swaying and sliding across the kitchen island as he fucked her on the set, and unbidden came a deep moan, echoing within Sean's mouth.
Sean broke away from the kiss and as Diamond looked up at him with another smile, her breath panting with desire as she continued to dance to the pulse of the song.
The music transitioned into a slower song as she suddenly recognized 'We Are Never Getting Back Together' by Taylor Swift. She never would have thought this could have been a dancing song, but the club remix felt right as her body moved to the steady bounce of the song's beat.
She was abruptly turned pulled against Carl's chest, and as they danced, she looked at him, her face close to his, both of them smiling and locking their gazes at each other. Without any hesitation he moved his face closer and Diamond met him head on, their mouths melding as the song played.
Carl moaned within her mouth as his hands clutched her ass, grinding her pelvis into his as their tongues danced.
He broke off his kiss, and Diamond felt a fire burning deep within her core, fanning out to her breasts and stomach and the rest of her body. Once again Carl pulled her against him, his mouth clamping onto hers as her body was pressed tightly against his muscular chest. Diamond could feel his erection through is pants and this time she was the one to moan, both of them continuing to dance as they made out on the dance floor.
He broke away as the transition for the next song, 'Locked out of Heaven' by Bruno Mars played. Immediately Jonathon was in front of her and as he moved his hands around Diamond's waist she did not pause as she moved her body forward against his, meeting his mouth as their tongues began to dance before even their own bodies began to writhe to the beat of the music.
Diamond's body was on fire, the closeness of the man something she craved, wishing she could crawl over him, wanting to feel his body pressed against her even more tightly.
She moaned into his mouth when somebody else suddenly press against her back, their hands moving around and squeezing her breasts.
Diamond's moans of pleasure were lost inside Jonathon's mouth as she was sandwiched between the two men, one kissing her and groping her ass while another ground his pelvis against her ass, feeling up her tits. That the guy pressing his crotch against her ass was also against Jonathon's hands did not even strike her as strange. In her lost wave of lust she figured if they were comfortable with it, she definitely was as her body thrummed with heat at the two men's attention upon her.
Diamond's desire burned hotly as the lights, fog, and people around her took no notice of her completely being dominated by the two men.
Jonathon broke off and she was startled when she was spun around, seeing the guy behind her being Tom. Without a pause their lips immediately met, their tongues dancing in cadence to the song as she pressed her body against him, their movements rubbing all over him.
She felt Jonathon press against her back, moaning into Tom's mouth as her breasts were suddenly engulfed within her halter top by the man's hands, Jonathon's body grinding into her ass just as Tom had done earlier while she continued to move seductively between both men, lost in her own lust.
Nichole Scherzinger's 'Boomerang' started to play and Diamond was suddenly spun around, still in a kiss with Tom, her head pulled away and saw Carl standing before her. She realized it had not been Jonathon behind her but the blond man as her eyes opened in surprise as he once again roughly pressed his lips against hers, her mouth opening instinctively as his tongue snaked into her mouth. She groaned as he squeezed her ass, still swaying to the music.
Diamond thought she was like the boomerang in the song, passed on to each guy, kissing them deeply as they groped her body.
Diamond was so aroused and hot she wondered if she were dripping on the floor as Carl broke off his kiss, smiling at her as he reached forward and to her surprise and desire, pinched her nipples.
She groaned in pleasure as he began openly feeling her up as she danced. Turning around as she danced she saw all the guys around her. Smiling, her body on fire, she continued swaying to the music, dancing with each of them as before, acting as if nothing untoward had happened—that she had not spent the last ten minutes making out with each of them while they felt her up on the dance floor.
Diamond's mind never felt clearer as her body suffused with the warmth of her passion, again laughing openly as she danced. She was moving up and down with the whole dance floor, now part of the huge multi-bodied beast of the club's dancers as she reveled in the night and the dancing, her body alive, her arousal only heightened by being out in public.
Sean stepped behind her and placed his hands on her hips as she began undulating them seductively beneath his palms. He moved his hands lower until they were sliding across her bare ass cheeks and Diamond began grinding her ass against him, heedless to the lewd display she was probably giving.
The next song she did not recognize, learning from Sean it was 'Big Banana' by Havana Brown and she laughed, moving her body easily to the beat of the unfamiliar song.
As the song reached a crescendo and transitioned into a slower melody Sean pulled her rear against his pelvis, mimicking fucking her as she bent forward, leaning forward as her hips and body moved to his grinding. Even with the alcohol in her system and overcome by the dancing she could feel his large member slide across her ass as her mind flashed to the photo-shoot. Remembering his fucking her as he mimicked the same actions she moaned, their bodies grinding to the music as she bent over, simulating their previous coupling.
Diamond looked at the other guys, seeing they had grins as big as Sean's at her display. Her body was thrust back and forth by Sean's hands as she moved back and forth, his pelvis slamming into her ass as he pulled her repeatedly into him.
Slowly raising her torso against Sean's chest, she moaned openly as his hands rose and cupped her breasts. Diamond raised her hands over her head, dancing to the song as she openly let him massage and knead her tits through her halter, her body moving in time to the beat of the song.
Sean was obviously excited, his large member evident as he pressed against her ass, the bulge more noticeable as he moved sideways across her ass as she swayed her hips.
Abruptly Diamond let out a scream, lost in the loud music and crowd, as Sean pinched both her nipples roughly and simultaneously, her cry not one of anguish but lust as her whole body was suffused with desire. She could not recall being so aroused, her body on fire, her nipples feeling like they were trying to poke through her halter as the song ended and Diamond told them she needed another drink.
All five of the guys followed her back to the VIP booth where Carl poured her another vodka, which she downed in one long gulp, not caring what it tasted like and relishing the cold drink as it slid down her throat.
Jen's body wanted to dance more, feeling more energized than ever as a remix of Will.i.am and Britney Spears' 'Scream and Shout' blared loudly through her soul.
Carl poured her another drink as they sat down, which she drank more slowly. The guys talked amongst each other, but all Jen could barely pay attention, instead thinking about the group of hunks near her. Each time one of them talked she focused on their lips, wanting to taste their mouths again as her nipples rasped against her halter.
Velvet and Christopher eventually joined them, saying they had come back earlier and sat down but they had already gone back into the crowd as they sat down. Everybody talked about miscellaneous things again, nobody mentioning anything about her being felt up on the dance floor as eventually Velvet said she needed to use the restroom.
Velvet and Jen excused themselves to go to the ladies powder room, and as they waited in line, each confessed about their dance floor encounters. Velvet said Christopher was all over her and she was so hot she was ready to fuck him right here in the club.
Jen laughed, telling her she too was feeling frisky, but was not about to do anything with the guys, stating she could not betray her fiancé like that.
Velvet commended her willpower, saying, "If I had five hunky guys after me—let me change that—five hunky porn star guys who were trained in having and prolonging sex lusting after me, I would rip my clothes off right on the dance floor and let them have their way with me," she laughed with Jen.
Velvet's comment caused Jen's skin to heat up again as she wondered why she had been so flagrant with the men on the dance floor. Remembering the men's hands upon her again caused a warmth flare between her legs, spreading through her stomach and to her breasts. Try as she might, she could not get the image of them touching her out of her mind. Her pulse was racing by the time they finally made it through the line and into the bathroom, reapplying their make-up and chatting as they freshened up.
"Do you mind if we go back to the hotel?" Velvet finally asked, telling Jen she wanted to pair off with Christopher who was staying at the hotel as were the other guys. "You may not want to partake of all the man flesh worshiping you, but I have no such hindrance," she laughed.
Jen was surprised to learn everybody was staying at the hotel, thinking Christopher or even a couple of the other guys lived in LA. Velvet said Christopher told her all the guys were in town for various photo-shoots and such. She also Velvet explained Christopher actually had no home whatsoever, travelling with Melissa all the time. The lighting assistant and photographer were only in LA for Jen's photo-shoots, then would be touring with her.
Jen told her it was fine if they headed back to the hotel, explaining she had enough fun, adding that as frisky as the guys were getting and the way her body was allowing them to touch her, calling it a night would be safer.
Velvet laughed and told her she needed to 'let her hair down' telling her, "Look, you heard Sean, they all are working for DSA. The chance these guys are probably going to be filming with you sometime in the future is a high probability. Wouldn't it be easier to break the ice now without the added uncomfortableness of being in front of a camera the first time?" she asked.
Although Jen agreed with her in theory, she was not about to sleep with a guy just because she may have to for her contract. Deep in her mind she could was ashamed to admit she did not trust herself, her body more aroused than usual. She did not want to place herself in any circumstance where something could happen she would regret.
Jokingly she told Velvet she would have a hard time picking one of them, to which her assistant replied, "Why choose just one?" she asked with a grin.
The comment caused Jen's skin to break out in goose bumps, and she silently berated herself. As they returned back to the lounge area, she wondered how she could have even thought about cheating on Dan, glad they were planning to leave.
Sitting down with the guys, Velvet told the men they were calling it a night. The guys all agreed, saying they should all at least have one last drink before leaving.
Jen was handed a full glass of vodka they had already poured, and knowing they were being charged for any open bottles, did not think anything should go to waste, so took a big drink when they toasted to their fun night.
Once again the drink was bitter against her tongue, Jen looking at the table to figure out which vodka it was so she would never have it again. Being the last drink of the night, she said nothing, instead finishing the glass, feeling the warm alcohol spread out from her stomach, spreading through her body, the feeling almost sensual.
Tom asked her if there was room for them in her limo as Steve explained. "We took a taxi, but trying to find one around here at this time of night will be almost impossible," he told her as the other guys agreed.
Being as there was plenty of room in the limo and all of them headed back to the same place, Jen told them it was fine as they all stood up—albeit all of them wobbly from the alcohol—and headed outside.
Sean talked to the valet who apparently had a way to contact Larry and the limo, as a few moments later the chauffer drove up and they all piled into the limo.
Jen was sandwiched between Jonathon and Sean, while Carl, Steve, and Tom sat across from her. Velvet and Christopher took only one seat, Christopher sitting next to Sean while Velvet climbed onto his lap.
Before the car even pulled away from the club's curb Velvet's lips were locked on to Christopher's mouth, her moans loud in the car, obviously not caring about the other people around them as she made out with the man beneath her.
Jen watched her assistant and the younger man make out and tried to make a joke of the situation, saying out loud, "Geez, I feel sort of left out now."
Even as she mouthed the words she wondered why she would have said such a thing out loud. She had meant to only think it in her head, and before she could say anything else Sean's voice filled the small confines of the car, "Well, we'll have to remedy that!"
Jen was speechless as Sean reached up to her chin which his hand and turned her head, a gasp barely escaping her mouth, soon muffled as his face pressed against hers.
Her mind went completely blank as without any hesitation Jen thrust her tongue into the man's mouth, her body overriding any propriety her mind was thinking.
A moan came from her as she felt Jonathon lean against her on her right-hand side, his tongue riding across her bare shoulder and sending goose bumps all over her body. As his tongue slid up her shoulder to her neck she gasped, the hiss of air within Sean's mouth escaping as she pulled slightly away from Sean's lips as Jonathon's hands began massaging her breasts.
Jen could not believe the sensations she was feeling as she groaned, the very act of being kissed by one man and felt up by another almost overwhelming.
And then her eyes opened wide as she felt her legs lifted up in front of her!
Squealing in Sean's mouth in surprise, Sean released her face with his hand long enough for her to look in front of her to see Carl and Steve each with one of her feet in their lap, the soles of her boots pressed tightly against their crotches as they began slowly caressing her legs.
Their touch felt wonderful as Jen's head was turned, only this time towards Jonathon. Without a second's thought she opened her lips as the dark-haired man pulled her face to his, her tongue sliding eagerly between his lips as she began making out with him.
She moaned at the feeling of Sean sliding his hands down her shoulder and feeling her breasts, continuing to moan in Jonathon's mouth as Sean's hands slid down her stomach, then her thighs, only to reverse and repeat the process back to her breasts.
Jen felt her left boot unzipped, and pulling her leg back slightly, helped Carl pull it off as her moans echoed from within Jonathon's mouth. She let out a loud whimper at the sudden sensation of her big toe sucked into somebody's mouth, increasing her lust tenfold as the intimate sensation flooded her body with heat.
Soon her other boot was gone as Steve mimicked Carl's attention to her feet, his tongue gliding across her arch before he too took one of her toes into his hot, moist mouth.
Jen knew she must look ridiculous, leaning in her seat making out with one man while her feet were spread and raised in the air while two other men licked and sucked her feet. And she could not ignore the feel of another man squeezing her breasts.
As almost an afterthought she wondered where Tom was or what he thought of being left out as the four other men took their liberties with her body.
Sean shifted in his seat, his hands leaving her body, but she was too lost in her kiss with Jonathon or her legs being caressed by the other two men to care. Suddenly her head was turned back to Sean, instead seeing Tom now sitting next to her. Without a thought her mouth met the other man's, their two tongues meeting as she now made out with now a third man.
Tom's tongue tasted of the bourbon he had been drinking, and Jen once again moaned in response as their tongues weaved against each other.
She once more felt the seat shift on Jonathon's side, and as her foot lowered guessed Carl and Jonathon were switching places.
Her suspicions were confirmed as her head was once more turned by her chin to find Carl next to her, his lips finding hers as his tongue invaded her mouth while this time Tom kneaded her breasts.
Jen had no control as she French kissed Carl as another man kneaded her tits through her clothes, completely lost in the moment. All she was aware of was her body craving the men around her, eager to give them what they desired.
Her other leg was lowered and she expected Steve to switch places with Tom, when suddenly she felt hands slide up the outside of her thighs and beneath her skirt. Breaking away from her kiss with Carl, she saw Steve between her legs, his face close to hers. As he grasped her hips beneath her skirt she leaned forward, her mouth meeting his as she continued groaning in pleasure.
Steve's hands wrapped around her hips until he was cupping her ass, and Jen let out a long groan when he suddenly picked her up off the seat and pulled her to the one he had been on, her straddling his crotch as she leaned into him, her breasts pressed firmly against his chest as their tongues continued to dance with each other.
Jen could feel the firmness of Steve's cock beneath her, moaning as her body was possessively held by him.
Finally she had to move back to breathe and she leaned forward with her head against Steve's shoulder as she panted, trying to get her breath back.
Absently Jen looked up behind Steve, her eyes unexpectedly looking into the rearview mirror, her gaze meeting Larry's, knowing he had watched her lewd display with the other guys.
Although she had been turned on making out with the other men, her body aroused more and more with each kiss, it was not until that moment when she looked into her chauffeur's eyes that her body was overcome with pure lust, the desire for him to watch more flooding through her body.
Vaguely she was aware of her top being lowered and Steve's head moving down, but she was too lost in looking at the chauffer. Suddenly her eyes widened at the man driving when Steve abruptly took her right breast into his mouth, his teeth clamping down around her aureole.
Jen gasped, still staring in the rearview mirror, her eyes locked upon Larry's as the other man mauled her breast with his mouth. The idea of her body being so brazenly used in front of the chauffer's gaze caused a flood of desire to course through her and she knew the thong between her legs was doing nothing to stop her wetness as she pulled Steve's head harder into her chest.
She yelled out as another mouth attached to her other breast, still keeping her eyes locked upon Larry's, not knowing who it was as her body was suffused with yearning, teased in her most sensitive area.
Jen was completely lost in the sensations of her body being felt up, in a complete haze as she was almost hypnotized by her chauffer's gaze. It was not until the two men pulled away the chauffer was getting out of the car that she realized they had arrived at the hotel.
The door opened, and Jen quickly pulled up her top. Somewhere in the back of her mind a tiny voice screamed its delight, anxious to get to her room where she would be alone, conceding she would be masturbating as soon as her hotel room door closed.
At least that was her intention as she got out of the car until Velvet told her, "Let's go up to the guys' room for a bit, Christopher said they have some game they wanted to show and play with us."
A tiny voice of reason within Jen's mind screamed "No!" but Diamond's body had other ideas. Before she could even voice her denial her own lips betrayed her, telling her assistant, "OK, but only for a bit."
She caught off-guard as Steve and Tom each put their arms around her and escorted her into the hotel, followed by the rest of the group.
Jen was in a complete stupor, her body aroused beyond belief. And yet, for as much alcohol as she had drank, her mind was feeling clear and in no way befuddled as she wondered at her responses allowing the men to have their way with her in the limo.
So lost in her own thoughts she was surprised when the elevator rang and she saw them exiting on the twentieth floor.
"This my floor," she said to nobody in particular trying to make small talk in order to get her mind off her body's arousal.
Glancing at her assistant, she saw Velvet's face flushed and her nipples visible through her tight dress, realizing her assistant was as aroused as she was.
The guys laughing around her broke her train of thought as Tom said, "Yeah, but we don't have the master suite, we're just in regular rooms."
Jen realized she was looking at him stupidly before realizing he was answering her statement as the men lead her left, instead of right in direction where her room was located.
Jen followed Steve and Sean, her eyes drifting down to their hard asses, watching them walk, aware the other men behind her were undoubtedly doing the same to her. Almost unconsciously she began to sway her hips more, her body once again flaring in heated arousal as she walked more seductively for them.
It was then she realized she was still barefooted, her boots left in the car. She was not worried about losing them, as she could always get them later, but the fact of her completely forgetting about them as well as being barefooted, wondering what else she was forgetting missing due to her mind and body's overwhelming lust.
Once again she was thankful of her assistant's presence, knowing somehow if her assistant were not with her, Jen would have done something completely irresponsible. She no longer trusted her body, the display of public affection in the limousine causing her to wonder what she would do in a hotel room if she had been left alone with the guys. The other woman's presence gave her some security, so when Sean opened the door to their room, she blithely followed her assistant inside.
Tom had stated they were booked in a 'regular' room, so she was surprised at the size of the two-bedroom suite. Looking around, the suite was divided into a living room furnished with a couch, lounge chair, coffee table, and large screened television, as well as two bedrooms. Glancing around the corner within one of the rooms she saw a queen-sized bed, assuming the other room was similar. Overall the suite was larger than most hotel rooms she had stayed in. Even so, her current accommodations were still remarkable extravagant as she recognized Mr. DeWight—or DSA in general—was pampering their spokesmodel.
"So what's this I hear about a game?" she asked, seeing all the guys smile, a sudden tingling running through her chest.
"It's something we put together over the years," the photographer's assistant said, as Jen realized the guys must have known each other for a while.
"Let me guess, it involves drinking, getting naked, and sex," she said bluntly, once again startled at her frankness, her lack of mental filter apparently gone from drinking so much as she blurted out her thoughts.
All the guys laughed, several of them saying, "Of course!" as she asked Tom to explain the game, wanting to get through with her promise to Velvet of them coming up here in order to get back to her own room as quickly as possible.
Steve returned from the other bedroom with what looked like a folded plastic sheet as Sean, Tom, and Carl moved the living room furniture from the middle of the room, clearing a large space in the middle of the room.
Steve then unfolded the sheet on the floor and Jen looked down at it in surprise.
"Twister?" she exclaimed. "You have got to be kidding me," she said to nobody in particular.
Carl laughed, answering, "Actually, we call it Truth and Dare Twister," he laughed as Jen saw Sean come out of the bedroom with a box, which he set on the wet bar and unpacked. Jen walked over to him and saw him pull out several shot glasses, a blindfold, some rope, and to her dismay, a tube of lubricating jelly, all of which he set on the small wet bar counter.
Behind her and once again drawing her attention, Tom explained to her and Velvet the rules of the game.
"The game is simple really. Just like regular Twister we spin for placement of our body parts on the colors," he said holding up a spinner. "Only we've modified the spinner a bit," he told them as he handed it to Jen while Velvet looked over her shoulder.
Jen saw the typical colors of Blue, Yellow, Green, and Red, but the spinner was divided into more sections than she remembered, having not only the usual left and right hands and feet, but to her surprise, additional blocks for Groin, Ass, and Face, as well as three separate pink sections labeled Truth/Dare.
"We spin and get in place," he continued. "If anybody runs out of a way to move to their position, or causes somebody else to fall, as well as refuses to answer a Truth or Dare, they forfeit the round and must take off an article of clothing," he grinned.
"Of course," Jen said, rolling her eyes. "I had a feeling stripping was involved," she said as Velvet nodded her head in agreement and the guys mocked them, stating they were both strippers anyways.
She wondered how she could stand there calmly, in a room with six guys and another woman, and not leave at the prospect of playing an adult game in which she could get naked. Then again, there was some truth to the men's jibes—she was a stripper, so was more accustomed to being naked around strangers than a lot of other people.
Suddenly a joke came into her mind as she thought, 'So two strippers and five porn stars walk into a room...'
Her attention was drawn back to Tom who told them, "If the spinner lands on Truth or Dare, the person is allowed to select which card pile they pull from," he said, holding up the cards Sean had taken out of the box with the other items. "In the past some people always took Truth, so we now limit things to two consecutive Truths before you have to take a Dare, regardless of the round. It keeps the game more interesting and also ends a lot quicker," he said with a laugh as the other guys joined with his amusement as he said, "Some of the Dares always get turned down and people forefeet the round," he finally chuckled.
Jen looked at Velvet saying somewhat mockingly, "Why did I listen to you?" as her assistant laughed.
Velvet nudged her, saying, "C'mon, it'll be fun to break the ice," she laughed. Turning to the group of guys standing around, she said with enthusiasm, "So how do we start?"
Jen could not believe she was about to play such a game with these people she had just met as the guys instructed Velvet to take off her shoes as they also took off their shoes and socks, explaining the mat sometimes got slippery.
The door suddenly knocked, startling Jen as she saw Steve answer it, returning with several bottles of liquor and an ice bucket, somebody apparently having called room service. Everybody watched as Steve poured drinks for each of them—Vodka for her, gin for Velvet, and scotch for the other guys.
As they took their drinks they rolled a die to see what order they would go in, coming up with the roster of Tom, Velvet, Steve, Sean, Christopher, Jen, Carl, and finally Jonathon. Jonathon told her and Velvet the order really did not matter in terms of strategy for the game, but more for them to know when it was their term.
"Sometimes people may be too preoccupied to recognize it is their turn," he laughed with a wink at her as she felt her hearth thrum in response.
The first round of spins was somewhat anti-climactic as everybody spun a normal color and body part except Steve and Jonathon who rolled Face-Red's each. Jen laughed with the rest of group as the two men laid face down on the mats next to each other. Meanwhile the rest of them stood around them in various positions on the mat depending on their spins. Carl and Velvet had both rolled Right Hand-Red, and everybody laughed as Carl positioned himself parallel to Velvet, his body spooning against hers while Christopher mockingly protested, "Hey, that's my girl!"
Jen admitted to herself that playing with the group was an ice-breaker as Velvet had said it would be, able to calm some of her body's response to what happened in the limo as she relaxed.
The second round of turns became more interesting as the guys obviously maneuvered their bodies closer to the girls.
It was not just the guys teasing, as even Velvet was not opposed to flirting with the guys as her turn came and she spun the dial and stated "Left Hand -- Blue." Placing her left hand on a blue circle, she raised her ass until she was bent over seductively, purposely placing her rear in front of Sean's face, who did not seem to mind one bit as the other guys joked about his unique point of view.
Then Steve rolled a Truth/Dare and everybody looked at him to see what he would pick.
The guys had refused to let Jen or Velvet pre-read the cards, saying some of the fun was the surprise of hearing the results as Sean had explained to them, "Even we don't know all the cards," telling them the guys routinely dropped cards randomly into the pile as the game passed between them. "Although each of us have written some of them, nobody knows the whole deck," he laughed, "as it is always changing."
As everybody looked at him, Steve grinned and said loudly, "Truth!"—placing his right hand on an orange circle.
The girls had been told when landing on a Truth/Dare section the player had the option of which body part could be placed on the other two colors, orange for Truths and purple for Dares.
Jen only had one foot on the mat so was elected to read the card as she grabbed one of the orange cards from the floor and read out loud, "Have you ever been in a situation with a sexual partner that led to premature ejaculation?" she laughed, "And if so, describe the experience."
She blushed herself at the intimacy of the question, dreading what the dares could be like as Steve answered the question, describing an experience with his first girlfriend in junior high school, how they had been making out in her father's car and he had ejaculated in his pants, having a wet spot the rest of the night.
"As if that were not embarrassing enough," he told them, "my girlfriend was so naïve she first thought I had pissed my pants and I had to explain what happened," he laughed with the rest of them.
As everybody hooted good-naturedly, the rest proceeded to take their turns. Sean had rolled a Right Foot-Green, so squeezed between Jen and Velvet, his crotch facing Jen and his ass above Velvet's head as he told them, "Now THIS is where it gets interesting," he laughed at them. "Ladies, feel free to sample the buffet before you," he joked to them.
Jen spun a Left Hand-Red, having to arch her body over Jonathon's prone form to reach an available circle. In her awkward position she realized she needed to start planning ahead with her moves, as the section of mat she was on was too crowded—her, Sean, Velvet, and Carl all grouped together making it difficult to find open circles, while Christopher and Tom each had one corner of the mats to themselves while Jonathon and Steve were in the middle.
Then Jonathon rolled a Truth/Dare and looked around the room. With a grin and said, "Ah hell, let's make it interesting. Dare!" he said as he slammed his right hand on a purple circle, still lying on the mat.
Jen was still closest to the cards with a hand free, so picked up a purple card, her face blushing as she read the card to herself. Everybody yelled at her to read it, so reluctantly said, "Slip an available body part beneath the clothes of a player of your choice within range of your position and feel them up until your next spin."
The guys all chuckled as Jonathon yelled, "How the fuck am I supposed to do that with my face and hand on the mat?" as everybody laughed at his predicament.
Finally, after a few moments he pulled himself up on his knees, bent over so his face and hand remained on the mat as his ass arched up. Pulling his leg up and over, he raised his foot over his back and amazingly slid his foot down the front of Velvet's dress!
"Hey, your toes are cold!" Velvet yelled out as everybody laughed and congratulated Jonathon, as the position of being bent backwards was obviously not a comfortable position, but had accomplished his dare.
Sticking his foot down Velvet's already tight dress caused the top to lower even further as the other guys openly admired Velvet's breasts practically hanging out before them.
Remarkable Jen felt a brief moment of jealously, inwardly wanting some of the attention her assistant was receiving when her train of thoughts were broken as Velvet squealed in surprise, everybody laughing as she explained how Jonathon was apparently wiggling his toes.
Again Jen became relaxed, enjoying herself as the humor of the game loosened up her tension.
As the game played and she looked at Jonathon contorted uncomfortably, she realized with her and Velvet being dancers, they could probably contort their bodies even more fully than the other guys.
When Jonathon's turn came around again he pulled his foot back as he reached over with his free hand to spin the dial. Suddenly everybody's attention was upon Velvet as she let out a squeak of surprise, the man's movement pulling the top of her dress down completely and baring her breasts as the guys hooted and hollered.
She quickly readjusted her top to the other guys' comments about her keeping it down. Steve asked how her nice tits felt to Jonathon, who admitted jokingly it was not as pleasant as it should have been to everybody's chuckles.
Velvet protested jokingly as she said, "Hey, at least you got to feel my bare tit tonight, Chris has yet to earn that honor," she laughed.
The others laughed as Christopher yelled out, "Only a matter of time, baby. Only a matter of time."
The fourth round became more interesting, as everybody was now twisted in various awkward positions. Jonathon and Christopher both ended up bent over completely with their asses sticking in the air, while Velvet and Jen spun the same results as earlier, not having to move, although due to their bent over positions they were still giving the guys behind them good views of their asses from beneath their dresses, while the guys in front of them got good looks at their cleavage, their breasts almost hanging out visibly before them.
Jen noticed the guys were very comfortable touching each other, used to most men purposely avoiding invading each other's personal space. She attributed their comfort in such proximity to each other on their job, remembering with embarrassment what they did for a living.
As if giving witness to her thoughts, Carl had to lay on the mat to get to his next position, his groin directly upon Tom's hand as he told him, "You can make things more interesting if you wiggle your fingers a bit more," as everybody laughed at their compromising poses.
Jen knew some of the men had undoubtedly had scenes with each other and another woman. Suddenly her imagination took off, thinking about men being near each other, naked and having sex with the same woman. Then the thought came to her as she realized she could very well be that woman depending on what Mr. DeWight told her to do!
Oddly, instead of getting upset at her forced porn start role, tonight she felt her body warm up, her earlier arousal coming back fully as if a switch had been flicked, hoping the others did not notice her flushed face and rapid breathing.
As the fifth round began everybody started making bets about who would fall first. Jen could not remember how long a game of Twister typically lasted, but after only four rounds three of them were in unusual and uncomfortable positions and both she and Sean were running out of circles to maneuver.
Steve again landed on a Truth/Dare section of the spinner, once again taking Truth as Jen again took the card to read. The other guys reminded Steve had a mandatory Dare next time as he laughed.
"The game will be over before that happens," he told them.
Jen read the card, again uncomfortable at the question, "Of all the players, who do you think has had the most sex partners," she stated, looking at Steve as the other guys laughed.
"Like that's a hard question," Sean said laughing.
Steve agreed, "Yeah, everybody knows Jonathon's the biggest slut here, he's been in the business longer than all of us," he said.
Jen looked at Jonathon as he smiled, saying, "Guilty as charged," to the laugher of everybody.
And then it happened. Sean rolled Face-Green, running out of a circle to maneuver to and finally having to forfeit, there being no green spaces anywhere on the board near enough for him to contort to.
"End of Round One!" Christopher said, "Now everybody has to chug a drink while our loser gets to relieve himself of an article of clothing," he laughed.
The girls cheered Sean on as he looked at them, grinning while slowly lifting his shirt up and exposing his muscular abdomen and pectorals, to both Jen and Velvet's delight.
Carl handed out the drinks to everybody saying, "Here we go, girls, the DSA special," he said.
Sean looked at him stating, "You didn't put any of that shit in there, did you?" he asked as Jen and Velvet looked at the guys and the drinks Carl was handing out.
Velvet asked what the hell they were talking about as Carl told them it was the energy/electrolyte powder DSA gave out at the clubs and photo-sets. "Mr. DeWight had Dr. Fairchild concoct the stuff himself," he explained to them. "We've all had it before—it does give you quite a boost," he said, "especially after a heavy night of drinking. We found if you mix it with a drink it's like Red Bull, you get the feeling of being drunk but still clear-headed, although sometimes the shit tastes fowl," he laughed.
"Whatever," Sean said as he downed his drink, grimacing obviously at the taste as the other guys followed.
Jen's mind suddenly panicked as she realized what they were talking about. Mr. DeWight had told John, the bartender at the Satin Kitty to give to the girls the same stuff, which had turned out to be some form of Ecstasy leading to her be manipulated into not only fucking Mr. DeWight, but sucking off Tim at the club.
"Uh, I don't usually take shit like that," she said, planning on setting her drink down, but everybody to her surprise—including Velvet—protested.
"Aw c'mon Diamond, might as well take the shit and get used to it--you'll end up using it sometime on a set, particularly if your ass is dragging," Tom laughed.
"Are you alright?" Velvet asked, looking at Jen's drink and her own and seeing Jen's face.
Jen's mind was in a quandary. How could she tell them what the powder really was? She could not confess to them how Mr. DeWight was a drug dealer, that he was wanted by the FBI for not only that but also murder and a ton of other things. And explaining how she had that knowledge would jeopardize everything the FBI had been working for.
Suddenly she felt the tattoo on her back ribs zap her, a three-second long bursts coursing through her. She was not certain what message the agents on the other end of the tattoo were trying to relay, but the long bursts typically were for 'Yes' as she wondered if they were telling her to willingly drink the drugged cocktail.
"Yeah, I'm fine," she told Velvet, "I don't like mixing drinks with anything," she confessed.
As the tattoo again sent another long vibration on her back she finally understood what the FBI agents—Nick or whomever was on duty tonight—were telling her, that they expected her to willingly drug herself!
Velvet looked at her and smiled, "It's alright, Mr. DeWight has been putting this shit in the clubs lately as well," her assistant told her. "Whatever energy booster shit it is Dr. Fairchild approved it, and most of the girls at the clubs swear by it—even I've had it a few times," the girl told her. "It does perked the crap out of me when I'm not feeling like dancing, so it's safe," the girl told her innocently.
At the mention of the doctor's name, Jen recalled her 'examination,' not exactly calmed with his endorsement of the drug.
Thinking about the other day caused her body to again flush with desire, again wondering how she could become so aroused thinking about what happened.
Her mind flashed back to the first time she had the 'energy' powder at the Satin Kitty, becoming so aroused she had ended up not only fucking Mr. DeWight, but signing the contract and placing her in the very position she was now in!
"Go ahead, it's alright," Carl laughed at her caution. "It's not like it is some poison or shit, and we have the next round to play," he said.
The tattoo again went off beneath her skin. Was the FBI actually telling her to take an illegal drug?
Although there probably was only a small amount in her drink, she did not want any of it in her body, knowing how it had affected her previously, causing her to do things she normally would not have done. Not only had the drug removed any self-restraint, but she also recalled the mind-blowing orgasms she had not even told Dan about.
Her mind in turmoil, she felt her body's pulse sped up yet again, her breath getting shallow as her mind flashed through all the predicaments she had gotten into sexually due to the drug.
And still her tattoo vibrated incessantly beneath her skin, the staccato rhythm leaving no doubt to the FBI agents' thoughts on taking the drug.
Finally she muttered, "Fuck it," and downed her drink to Velvet's and the guys' obvious approval.
Immediately she tasted the bitter aftertaste on her tongue, realizing the drink had the same taste as the ones in the club. Suddenly Jen comprehended the drinks at the club had also been spiked—now understanding why she had been so loose in the limo, as well as on the dance floor!
"I need to go," she said to nobody in particular, wondering how much of the drug she already had in her system—knowing it was obviously enough to affect her, the feeling of arousal already coursing through her body.
"Oh no you don't," Velvet said with a laugh. "You are not leaving me in the room alone with these guys," she said good-naturedly.
Jen did not know what to do as everybody looked at her. Her tattoo suddenly gave a series of short vibrations on her back ribs, the message of 'No' obviously telling her to not leave. She was not sure if they were gleaning any information from the men's discussion, but she did not want to ruin everything they FBI was working for, particularly if word of her indecision reached Mr. DeWight.
Finally she nodded her head, reluctantly giving in as the guys cheered.
They went in the same order as the first round. Jen's eyes kept being drawn to Sean, his shirtless chest causing her eyes to wander over his body, her pulse speeding up as she thought about her photo-shoot with him. Her thoughts were confused, not knowing if she were actually attracted to Sean, her thoughts a violation of the trust Dan had in her, or if she was acting in such a way due to the drug, her inhibitions lowered and her arousal enhanced.
Tom immediately rolled a Truth/Dare, this time Velvet picked up the card, reading, "Have you cheated, or would you ever cheat, on a significant other?" she asked.
"Well, that's an easy one," Tom laughed. "No I have never cheated, and if I found the right girl, I wouldn't cheat on her," he said.
"Bullshit," Steve said, "what about Mandy?" he asked with a grin.
Tom got all flustered saying, "But...but she wasn't the RIGHT girl," he said.
"Busted," Sean laughed as Tom threw up his hands.
"Ok, OK, yes, I cheated on Mandy. But she was a bitch, she deserved it," he said defensively.
Jen laughed, telling him if he had been dating her and slept with somebody else it still counted, as Tom threw up his hands in defeat and stepped onto the mat, placing his right foot on an orange circle.
Velvet was next, also landing on a Truth/Dare slot, and also choosing Truth.
Christopher said, "Oh goodie, let me read this one," he laughed, grabbing an orange card and reading it. "Ooh, this one is hot," he said smiling. Looking at Velvet, he asked, "Have you ever had a teacher you thought was hot? Who was it, and did you end up fucking them?" he asked.
Jen saw Velvet's face turn a bright red as Carl bust out laughing, saying, "Me thinks we all want to hear this one," he laughed.
"Well..." Velvet started as Jen also urged her on along with the guys. Finally the young assistant said, "Yeah, last semester there was this hot accounting prof, Mr. Howard," she said with a grin. "He came to the club with a bachelor party and I recognized him but he didn't recognize me," she said with a grin. "Later in the semester I failed a midterm and scheduled a meeting with him to 'talk' about my grade," she laughed. "He did not know who I was—other than a student of his—until I began dancing in his office and took off my top, at which point he said, 'I recognize those tits!'" she laughed.
"You slut," Jen laughed with her.
"Yup, ended up passing that class," Velvet laughed as she stepped on an orange circle to the men's applause.
Everybody else had normal spins, and Jen noticed everybody was spread out this round--apparently Sean's loss from running out of room had taught everybody to keep enough space around them in case of a bad roll. Jen and Steve were spaced evenly on the left-hand of the mat, while Velvet, Christopher, and Tom were on the right. In the middle it was more crowded, with Sean, Carl, and Jonathon only a few circles apart, but still keeping distance a safe from each other.
As Round two began, everybody maintained their distance from each other. Velvet was the only person awkwardly stretched out—her left foot on the edge of the mat while her left hand was placed in the middle.
Then Christopher spun a Truth/Dare slot as everybody cheered.
Looking boldly at everybody on the mat he smiled and said, "Dare," as everybody applauded—or at least Sean, Jonathon, and Steve clapped, being the only ones with their hands free.
Velvet reached over with her right hand—her other remaining on the mat—and dropping reaching for the card pile suddenly said in surprise, "Holy fuck, there's no way you will do this."
Urged to read the card out loud, Velvet said, "Drop your pants or skirt and get on your hands and knees while all the men in the room masturbate above you. The first person to cum on your ass wins and you must orally service him until he is hard again," she said.
"What the fuck kind of dare is that!" Jen exclaimed, the vulgar directions on the card a shock to her.
The guys laughed, Tom saying, "Well, we often write up these cards while we're a bit fucked up," he explained as the other guys laughed.
"Yeah," Sean said, "I actually wrote that one, but I was thinking of a woman pulling the card at the time," he laughed, "goes to show you the game does have its little quirk."
Christopher looked at the guys and said, "You know guys, I love you, but not that much," he laughed as he pulled off his shirt, forfeiting the round as Velvet wolf whistled at the half-naked man.
The other guys laughed, saying the difference between them as porn actors and Christopher being on the photography end as Jen wondered if any of the men had ever performed man-on-man sex in a photo-shoot before.
The image of a group of guys standing over and masturbating, cumming all over her literally caused her to take a sharp intake of breath as she felt herself become physically wet at the thought.
Carl handed out drinks again—apparently part of the game involved drinking between each round, and Jen downed her own drink, trying to get her thoughts out of places best left alone.
Suddenly the bitter taste of the drink hit her tongue again as she realized with horror the drink was again spiked!
Taking stock of herself, Jen realized she was feeling fine other than her body's arousal. In fact, she was very clear-headed, and other than her make-out session with five guys—which she could still not believe she had done—she did not feel drugged or feel as if her judgment were impaired in any fashion. This was different than the night at the club when she had been drugged, as she had definitely felt 'fuzzy' in the head, wondering if she was wrong about what was in these drinks.
Somebody turned on the radio and Jen was grateful for the music breaking the moments of silence in the room, making things more comfortable.
After everybody finished their drinks, the next round began.
Tom's first roll was Groin-Yellow, so he laid down on the mat as the other guys laughed.
"That one is a bitch to have," Jonathon said next to her, explaining it was harder to contort yourself with your dick plastered to the ground as her and Velvet laughed.
Steve rolled a Face-Yellow, also laying on the mat, followed by Sean whose spin landed on a Truth/Dare section.
The man smiled saying, "After that last Dare for Chris, I think I'll choose a Truth. I know what some of the other Dares are," he laughed.
Jen picked up an orange card and read for him, "What is the most daring thing you have done in public?" she asked, agreeing with the others who stated it being a lame question, particularly for a group of adult entertainers.
"That's easy," Sean laughed, "I went streaking with Steve here at a Packers/49'ers game several years ago," he laughed. "Hell, we even got arrested," he said proudly as him and Steve 'high-fived' each other, reconfirming Jen's suspicions the guys had known each other for a while.
Christopher went next, also landing on a Truth/Dare slot as he grinned and said, "Fool me twice...Truth," he said.
Velvet picked up the orange card for him suddenly bursting out in laughter as she said, "Oh, this is precious." Looking at him intently, she asked him, "What is the oddest inanimate object you have used during sex in one of your orifices," she grinned, looking directly into his eyes.
"Jesus, I can't get a break," Christopher said as his face turned beet-red in embarrassment while the other guys grinned. Finally, at the urging of everybody he confessed to dating a girl who stuck a vibrator in his ass.
With a big grin Velvet looked at him and said, "I guess we need to improve your repertoire tonight," she stated with a wink as everybody guffawed, their teasing getting louder at Christopher's obvious embarrassment.
Finally it was Jen's turn to spin, surprised when the spinner landed on Truth/Dare.
"Jesus, three in a row," Steve said across from her.
Jen's body was still feeling frisky, although she did not feel light-headed and was relaxed, particularly with the music playing in the background. Listening, she realized Nickelback's 'If Today Was Your Last Day' was playing, and thinking about the song, she wondered if she should take a Dare.
"Dare it is!" Tom said suddenly as Jen looked at him in surprise while everybody else cheered.
Suddenly she realized she had once again bypassed the filter between her brain and mouth, having voiced her thoughts on taking a Dare out loud instead of thinking about it.
Too late now, her body flushed in embarrassment as Tom picked up one of the purple cards.
As everybody urged him to read the card, he grunted and said, "This may not be a fair question," he told everybody as they again urged him to read the question. Finally, looked at Jen and said, "Have the group select two guys. You must state which has the longest penis and they men then have to expose themselves, measuring their sex in their current state. If you are correct the dare is over, if wrong, you must give the most endowed person oral sex until completion, having them orgasm into a shot glass," he read with a chuckle.
Jen looked over on the counter at the previously forgotten shot glasses, originally thinking they were for drinks but now wondering at their other purpose.
Everybody was looking at her expectantly, Sean commenting that she could forfeit. Jen was wearing her skirt, halter, and thong, and the thought of exposing herself to the guys caused her body to again heat up. Sean had already seen her naked—as well as fucked her, and she knew most of these guys had seen her videos—so the thought of losing an article of clothing was not a bad concession.
Then she recalled her earlier thoughts in the evening concerning the probably of ending up having sex with the men, once again recalling Velvet's words to 'break the ice' with one of them.
Feeling her breasts tighten and a warmth between her legs thinking about the possibilities, she felt her mouth water. Before she could stop herself Jen said, "Well, are you going to choose or not?"
The guys all hollered "Hell yeah!" as they unanimously picked Sean and Carl.
Due to her photo-shoot Jen had already seen Sean. She remembered feeling Carl's erection pressing against her ass as they danced at the club, but could not believe anybody was larger than the other man, the heat between her legs almost uncomfortable as she remembered him moving his large member in and out of her.
With a smile of confidence she stated, "Sean."
Both guys grinned as they unfastened their pants, letting them drop to their ankles as they pulled down their underwear—both wearing boxers—as Velvet hooted behind them, yelling "Nice asses!" as the two men moved in front of Jen.
Jen had already seen Sean's cock up close and personal, and her body heated up at her memory, so it was no surprise seeing his cock. Even in its current flaccid state it was impressive as it hung between his legs.
Then her eyes widened as she glanced between Carl's legs.
"Oh my God," she said in amazement staring at Carl's cock, which was easily four to six inches longer than Sean's!
Carl and the other men laughed, and Jen began to get the feeling she had been purposely set up as Carl said, "Sadly it's this length hard or soft," he told her with a shrug. "I'm a fucking medical quirk," he said. "Sean's bigger erect, which is they picked him and I knowing you had already seen Sean's length," he laughed.
"No fair!" Jen said plaintively, looking at the guys around her. "You all set me up!" she exclaimed.
The guys laughed, as Tom told her, "The card did say in their 'current' state," he told, "so looks like you were wrong," he grinned.
"No fair," Jen said again only with less conviction. She looked at Velvet for support. "Help?" she asked her assistant who shrugged as Jen muttered, "Traitor." She then looked at the group of guys again and said, "Can I forfeit the round?" she asked as they shook their heads.
"You could have turned down the dare at the beginning," Jonathon told her as she looked at him, "but you accepted to follow through once you told us to pick. You can't back down now," he grinned at her along with the other men.
"Although it pains me to admit it, I agree with them," Velvet told her to her dismay. "You made them drop their pants in front of everybody!" she explained, "So as much as I loathe to say it, you should follow through," the young woman said, obviously uncomfortable with what she was admitting.
Jen could not believe what was being discussed, kicking herself mentally at saying 'Dare.'
Looking at Carl's crotch she saw his cock was getting harder, slowly rising upwards in anticipation of her giving him head. She realized he had been speaking the truth, even hard his cock remained the same length, although it was still an impressive eight to nine inches, she estimated.
Jen felt her body flush in humility as she looked around at the room, not seeing any sympathy. The memory of sucking Sean off during the photo-shoot came to her, remembering how good his cock had felt, not only in her mouth, but deep inside her pussy.
Finally she shook her head as a sudden wave of desire swept through, saying "Fuck it," as she knelt down in front of Carl as the other guys cheered.
Before she lost her nerve she reached for Carl's cock steading it with her hand, opened her mouth and leaned forward, taking it into her mouth.
"Oh fuck," Carl said out loud.
Although she had been reluctant to begin, once Carl's cock was in her mouth, Jen could only moan, wanting more.
Hearing his groan above her, Jen smiled around the stiffening appendage, her lips wrapped tightly around the firm velvety flesh as she began sucking, taking all of Carl's cock into her mouth until it pressed firmly against the back of her thought. Moving her head, she slid her lips back and forth along the shaft, feeling him becoming even harder.
Although the length of his cock did not change, she could feel the shaft increasing in girth as her mouth opened even wider, her lips spread tightly around the shaft.
Jen moaned around the cock in her mouth, her body on fire, her earlier hesitation completely eliminated as she became lost in sucking Carl's dick, relishing the soft velvety texture of his skin in contrast to the hard firmness beneath, the dichotomy of sensations causing her mouth to water, which in turn allowed her to take him further into her throat.
Jen sucked him eagerly, completely lost in the oral act and no longer concerned with the others around her as she wrapped her hands tightly around Carl's hips, using his body to guide steady herself as she moved back and forth even faster.
Without any thought she took the now fully engorged cock fully into her throat, loosening her throat muscles to accept him fully, Carl's groans urging her on.
She heard somebody—Jonathon she thought—ask how it was as Jen groaned in pleasure, hearing Carl say, "Fuck me, but she is the best I've ever had," he gasped. Suddenly he yelled out, "Oh shit, get a shot glass," he grunted.
Jen felt Carl's cock become rock hard in her mouth, whimpering when the man pulled his hips away, his hand on her forehead to stop her from leaning forward and sucking him more as his cock slid out of her mouth, his entire shaft glistening with a layer of saliva. Held back by him, Jen watched in fascination as he began stroking his cock with his hand, finally grunting as he released, aiming for the shot glass handed to him after letting go of Jen's head.
Jen watched in fascination as his first spurt shot into glass, the force of his ejaculate causing it to ricochet out of the glass and splash upon Jen's thigh. Without a thought Jen took her finger and scooped up the white liquid, placing her finger into her mouth and moaning at the taste of his cum, acting like an aphrodisiac to her already aroused state.
Meanwhile Carl continued to milk his cock into the shot glass, the white fluid almost to the halfway point of the glass as everybody applauded.
"Jesus Christ, I've never seen him cum that quickly," Tom said as Sean grinned at them.
"I told you, I had to stop the photo-shoot halfway through because she had me completely undone," Sean laughed.
Jen wiped her mouth of the saliva on her chin as Velvet helped her up off the floor saying, "Fuck, that was the hottest thing I've seen," she said. "That was even hotter than the photo-shoot," she said, suddenly whispering, "I'm so fucking wet," she laughed.
A part of Jen could not believe she had given head to a guy she had met just tonight, her mind amused at the absurdity of the thought knowing she had fucked Sean barely knowing him more than ten minutes.
Her attention was brought back to Carl as he pulled up his pants, completely unconcerned at having exposed himself to the other men as she once again reminded herself they were all in the pornography business.
She was handed a glass of vodka and thanked Tom. More from thirst than any desire to get rid of the taste of Carl's cock and cum in her mouth, she gulped down the vodka, only at the last minute realizing she should have asked if it were doctored as the bitter aftertaste hit her taste buds.
Tasting the drug in her vodka glass she suddenly longed for the previous salty taste of Carl's cock.
As her pulse finally settled down, Jen stepped on a purple circle saying, "I believe its Carl's turn next."
The other guys—none of them having left the mat—once again congratulated her on a successful dare as everybody took their original positions as Carl spun the board.
As the others played out their turns Jen's mind was a whirlwind of thoughts. She could not believe she had willingly sucked somebody off in front of a group of people—all of whom she had only met this week.
Although a part of her argued this is what her new role entailed—fucking and sucking and who knew what else before a crowd, even if that crowd was through a movie—she still felt out-of-place with the deeds her new role entailed.
She also could not get out of her head the fact she had now sucked of two of the six guys in the room, her body heating up as she wondered if that percentage would be increasing any more tonight.
"Son of a bitch," she heard Steve exclaim, breaking her reverie.
She realized she had been standing on the mat completely oblivious to everybody and everything around her as her mind wandered.
Looking around to see what Steve was complaining about she smiled with the others watching as he attempted to twist his body. He had earlier rolled Face-Yellow, and now she saw the spinner on Ass-Blue as she and everybody else wondered how he was going to torque his body to match the colors.
Amazingly he was able to do contort and twist his body directly in front of her. Jen and everybody else knew the next round would end with him unless somebody else forfeited as she once again tried to bring her thoughts back to reality.
Surprisingly nobody had said anything about her sucking Carl off from the dare once the game had resumed. In fact, everything continued on like nothing odd had happened. On one hand she was relieved, everybody being professional enough to barely take a second thought about what she had done after it had been done. On the other hand, she felt a narcissistic desire for the attention, wanting some sort of acknowledgement—although she was not sure whether she wanted condemnation or praise—she at least expected somebody to say something about her sucking practically a stranger off in front of others. Her mind was yet again in turmoil as she wondered at the odd thoughts and sensations she was having.
Her reverie was again broken as Sean's large body stepped in front of her, having rolled Left Foot-Blue and moving into position. As he stood in front of her he smiled—not as a man who had been intimate with her, but as a regular 'having fun' friendly type smile.
Once again she wondered at the odd world she had been thrusted into, where fucking and sucking somebody off was as natural as sharpening a pencil or giving a PowerPoint presentation. Nobody condemned her or thought any less of her for what had happened.
The others laughing and shouting again caught her attention as she observed Christopher had spun another Truth/Dare, clapping herself as she realized he was now forced to accept a Dare.
Velvet took the card and laughed, saying, "Give a hand job to the last man who came into a shot glass," she said with a broad smile.
Christopher looked around the room as he said, "Who the fuck thought this game was a good idea?" he laughed as the others joined in.
Carl repeated Sean's earlier statement, admitting, "Remember, at the time we wrote these we were thinking about women pulling the cards, not ourselves" he grinned with a shrug.
Christopher looked around the room, finally saying, "Fuck it. Carl, I like you, but not that much" he told the other man as he pulled down his pants to Jen and especially Velvet's cheers, forfeiting the round.
"OK guys, we need to quit this shit," Christopher said standing in nothing but his boxer briefs as Velvet ogled at him. The dark blue material was tight against his body, outlining the bulge between his legs and Velvet was very appreciative as he told everybody, "We're supposed to be getting the GIRLS naked," he laughed as he gave Velvet a big kiss which she returned fervently to the almost-naked man.
Once again drinks were handed around, and Jen was glad when she tasted pure vodka this time. She was starting to feel tipsy from all the drinks she had this evening, knowing no energy powder could hold back the inebriation of so much alcohol as she wondered how long the game would last. She could also not deny the complete arousal her body was feeling, the desire almost overwhelming her as she considered going back to her room—with the full intention of drawing a long hot bath and masturbating.
Everybody moved to the mat, looking at her as they waited for her to finish her drink for the next round to start, and feeling the peer pressure, Jen downed the vodka in one long pull, the warm burn matching the one she was already feeling between her legs.
She was not the only one feeling the effects of the alcohol she observed, as everybody was acting more rambunctious and talkative. Jen grinned at Velvet, who was wobbly on her feet as she stepped to the mat, laughing as she too almost stripped as they began the next round.
The next two rounds went by quickly, Jen not even getting a chance to spin as first Tom, and then Steve, forfeited the rounds. Both them had taken Dares which involved sucking off one of the other guys. As she had wondered earlier, she discovered Tom had in fact performed in some male on male movies, but he told the group unless he was getting paid he was not into it, so took off his shirt. Steve similarly forfeited, stating the only sucking that would happen with him would be that of a woman on the end of his cock.
With both Tom and Steve having similar cards, Jen understood some of the cards were doubled, or at least similar enough that repeats were possible. Her mind flashbacked to sucking off Carl earlier as she felt a thrill run through her body, wondering if Fate would repeat itself.
Two more drinks later and everybody was drunk. Jen was not even certain if the last drink she had was spiked with the DSA powder or not, her taste buds practically numb from the alcohol.
As Round Six started, she watched almost distractedly as people moved onto the mats. At this point in time she saw the initial strategy of spreading out was now completely thrown out the window as people were stood next to each other, everybody crowding around one side of the mat.
As drunk as she was, Jen's body was still aroused, and being so close to five half-naked guys was doing nothing to curb her body's reactions.
She was feeling no pain by now, so when it came her turn to spin and she ended on a Truth/Dare section she did not even hesitate as she said, "Dare."
Sean read the purple card with a smile. "Choose a player of the same sex and lick their breasts/penis until either of your next turns."
The other guys hooted and wolf-whistled as Jen smiled and stepped in front of an equally smiling Velvet. Looking down, Jen saw Velvet's nipples were sharply defined through her dress, her assistant as aroused as Jen was and smiling back at her assistant, leaned forward and met her lips, giving her a big kiss. Jen moaned at the softness of the other woman's mouth against hers, their desire flaming through both girls' bodies as each moaned at the physical contact.
As they kissed, Jen raised her hands and slowly pulled down Velvet's dress, exposing her breasts to everybody between them before stepping away, the guys cheering at her assistant's topless state.
Unlike the earlier round when Velvet's breasts were accidentally bared before everybody, she did not try to cover herself up, instead boldly thrusting out her chest to the men's cheers. She was literally panting as Jen began kissing her neck, then her shoulder, slowly working her way down Velvet's body before gliding her tongue across Velvet's left breast to her nipple, taking it into her mouth.
She heard a gasp above her as the guys clapped and cheered the girls on. She felt Velvet's hands run through her hair, pulling her further into her assistant's chest as her tongue pressed tightly on the hardened bud in her mouth, eliciting another gasp which quickly turned into a moan as Jen lightly bit down, trapping the hard flesh between her teeth.
Velvet's hands began moving all over Jen, traveling down her head to her shoulders, then around her bare upper back, and then sliding upwards into her hair once again as Jen literally made out with her assistant's firm mammary tissue, alternating from one breast to the next. Being so intimate with the other woman's body, she discovered Velvet had implants, but that did not prevent the soft flesh giving in to her face, her tongue, and her kisses.
Jen was not sure how long she made out with Velvet's yielding body, but apparently the three people after her had taken their turns while her focus was completely on the woman in front of her. All too soon for both women the guys announced somewhat reluctantly it was Velvet's turn. They cheered and clapped as Jen pulled away from her assistant's body, giving the young woman one final kiss on the lips before taking her position back on the purple circle while the guys still hooted and hollered.
Looking over at her assistant with a heated gaze, Jen saw Velvet's breasts glistening from her saliva, the woman not bothering to dry them off, her nipples hard and bright pink from Jen's continued onslaught of them with her tongue. Also surprising—and to the men's obvious pleasure—Velvet kept her top pulled down, her breasts fully exposed.
Velvet was a dancer like Jen, so nudity—particularly being topless—was normal; however, Jen was not sure she would have stayed topless without a reason. But her assistant's comfort displaying her breasts was not her concern, rather her silent admission the woman's state of undress was igniting her own desire, as were the other men without their own shirts.
The rotation continued and Jen was surprised that beyond the initial reaction from the guys on Velvet's state of undress, they continued playing, as if her assistant's bare breasts were a normal occurrence. Even her oral dare with Carl had not been mentioned other than while it was happening as she once again wondered if it was their profession in the adult industry or they were more focused on the game, but their lack of making everything such a scene caused her to lose a lot of her bashfulness.
Unfortunately, it was that very bashfulness which had been keeping her sane, as the more she relaxed the more promiscuous she was becoming. It was reverse psychology, the men's and even Velvet's comfort levels about sex leading herself into a false sense of security. She found herself becoming even more licentious—smiling alluringly at the guys, joining in on some of the rude comments as people maneuvered into sexually explicit positions and so forth. Her morals were completely thrown out the window because they did not matter here, it was a safe room, and she could let herself be more wanton.
She also discovered not all the Dare cards were bad, as Steve's next round he took a Dare, the card stating he had to "Suck or kiss the closest body part of another player until the next round." Grinning broadly, he bent over and put his lips on the top of Jonathon's head as the room burst out in laughter.
Sean's turn was next, also landing on a Truth/Dare section as he chose Truth. With a grin, Jen read, "Have you ever been intimate with a friend's mother or father?" she asked as the others grinned at him.
Sean described a threesome he once had with a girl from college and her own mother, most of the guys telling him what a 'lucky bastard' he was.
Jen imagined him and his large cock servicing two woman and felt her body heat up further—if it were even possible, her arousal at a stage where she wondered if one of the guys touched her if she could even stop him from having his way with her.
As Christopher squatted down to get into his position—his boxer briefs straining as he did so to Velvet's delight—the spinner was handed to Jen.
She stared at the spinner, but all her mind could think about was the half-naked men and her own beautiful assistant. Spinning the dial in front of her, he saw it land on the Left Foot-Green section.
"Well, what is it?" everybody asked as she realized she was holding up the spinner at an angle nobody else could see.
Jen's body tingled as she looked up for the spinner as simply said, "Dare."
The room laughed as Jen made a motion of accidentally hitting the spinner so nobody would catch her lie, although it would have been more likely to land on the Truth/Dare section and lie about it to get out of doing something unorthodox.
What was she doing, her mind screamed?
Jen could not deny her body's desire, and she had once again answered without any mental filter, almost as if she were not in her body but instead floating and looking down into the room.
She watched in a haze as Tom grabbed a purple card from the pile and said with a grin, "All players spin the dial, whomever lands on red must cum in your mouth, then you must spit the cum out into a shot glass."
"What's with the shot glasses of cum?" Velvet asked, the question as nonchalant as her asking about the chosen color of wall paint.
"There are other dares involving pouring them on each other, drinking from them, and whatnot, "Tom answered. "One of our friends—Gary who couldn't make it tonight—actually thought of the idea, stating one night in passing how it would be handy to have some spare cum for some of the dares. Once again, our sick drunken minds went to work and we ended up with this," he laughed.
Jen thought about filling the shot glass of cum from her earlier blow job of Carl and felt goose bumps over her body.
"So Diamond?" Jonathon asked, as she realized he was asking if she accepted the dare.
A thousand and one thoughts went through Jen's mind as she stood there, looking at the expectant and eager faces of the guys. Her mind once again recalled how after the initial embarrassment of sucking off Carl nobody had said a word. Then how Velvet had exposed her breasts, and not another word was said—no teasing, no condemnation, nothing unnatural—as if it were an accepted occurrence.
Her body was on fire, her lust almost unbearable.
Suddenly she heard the guys taking bets on which article of clothing she would lose. The fact they did not even think she would go through with the dare upset her. Sure a part of her was relieved she had a way out, that she could take off her top and expose her breasts like her assistant or even take off her skirt and leave her thong—although as wet as she was, she knew her arousal would be revealed, the wet cloth probably readily apparent. She could even take off the thong, the idea of her pussy exposed and in such a vulnerable state with only the skirt on giving her a big thrill, a warmth spreading from between her legs.
And taking off any piece of clothing and forfeit the game would be completely acceptable to the men and Velvet. In fact, several of them had already forfeited to similar dares, so there was no disgrace in bowing out.
Then an odd thought came to her. She was a DSA Spokesmodel. She was the living, breathing epitome of Divine Silk Attractions. Her job was to sell the fantasy of seduction as well as show the reality of that fantasy and how open to sex she was. Her job was to show how such fantasies are an attainable reality.
The words of her job description filled her mind as she recalled her talks with Mr. DeWight, the HR people, as well as Scarlett the PR representative.
In an almost 'What would Jesus do?' moment, she became the DSA Spokesmodel. It was similar to her stripper persona, but at that moment she was not Diamond the stripper, but Diamond the DSA Spokesmodel.
The drinks were obviously contributing to her lack of morality and decency, but she could no longer deny the arousal flooding her body.
She heard Sean say to Christopher, "Thong, definitely the thong." The other men were making similar guesses as she caught the conversation between the guys.
What would a DSA Spokesmodel do?
The answer came to her immediately as the room went dead silent as she asked, "So are you guys going to spin the dial or keep talking?"
Suddenly all the guys broke into grins and Velvet giggled drunkenly. Meanwhile within Jen's mind she screamed "No!"
Tom picked up the spinner and Jen felt her heart flutter, not in fear, but in anticipation as he gave the dial a quick flick of his fingers.
"Fuck," he said, holding up the dial and showing the spinner on a Green area. "I should have lied and said it was red," he laughed. "As much as Sean praised Diamond's oral skills and her display with Carl I really want this to be red, but I'll be honest," he laughed.
Jen felt a brief—very brief—moment of dishonesty at having lied about her own spin, but it was quickly replaced as Steve grabbed the spinner, giving it a quick twirl.
He groaned as he showed the spinner, once again on a green section of the dial.
The dial was passed around to each guy, each one moaning in disappointment as Sean, Christopher, and Carl rolled Blue and Jonathon rolled Green.
"Damn, we all struck out," Jonathon said as Jen felt both relief and regret run through her mind that she had been thinking about sucking off one of the guys. That none of them landed on a red section of the dial was both a blessing and curse to her lust-infused body.
"Wait a minute," Velvet said suddenly surprising the room as she said, "not everybody has spun yet," she grinned. As Jen and the guys looked at her she grabbed the dial. "What if I land on red?" she asked.
As the other guys laughed, Carl said, "Well, it did say EVERYBODY spins," he chuckled while the other guys agreed. "I guess if you land on red, you can pick a guy of your choice," he said to the other men's hollers of mirth and agreement.
Once again Jen's stomach clenched, but she was not sure if it was due to fear or desire.
Velvet laughed and flicked her long-nailed finger across the dial, screaming in delight as she held up the dial showing the dial smack dab in the middle of the Groin-Red section.
"There's irony for you," Sean laughed as all the guys urged Velvet to pick them.
Velvet glanced at her boss as Jen looked at her expectantly. In her Diamond the DSA Spokesmodel persona she was not humble as she felt her mouth begin to water at the anticipation of sucking off another one of the men.
Finally the young woman in front of her smiled, obviously pleased with a sudden thought as she shouted out, "Christopher!"
"What!?" both Jen and Christopher shouted out, looking at Velvet in surprise.
"Hey," Velvet told Jen, "he's so primed he won't last fifteen seconds with me," she laughed with the other men. "If I want some satisfaction tonight when we're together, I need to make sure his initial edge is taken care of," she told her boss with a grin.
"Looks like somebody's getting lucky tonight," Steve joked to Christopher who was still staring at Velvet in surprise.
The other guys laughed at Velvet's statement, continuing their amusement as Velvet said, "C'mon DSA Spokesmodel, let's see that sex mouth in action," she laughed.
For a brief second Jen felt a tinge of anxiety, but then she looked at Christopher's obvious erection through his boxer briefs and her lust banished all other thoughts.
With a smile she stepped up to him, everybody—including Velvet—cheering as she slowly sank to her knees.
Diamond looked up at Christopher, smiling at his shocked face. As Christopher looked at Velvet and asked, "Are you sure about this?" Diamond reached up and pulled his briefs outward and down past his thighs as his erection—a respectable nine inches, but nowhere near as big as Sean or Carl's cocks—fell straight forward, pointing to Diamond's face like a homing signal.
"Oh fuck!" she heard Christopher groan above her as she took his stiff member into her mouth, her own groan of pleasure loud as she relished in the salty, sweaty taste of his cock, once again savoring the soft and hard contradiction of textures against her tongue and lips.
Jen's body and consciousness completely ignored the 'What the hell are you doing?' scream deep in her mind as Diamond began sucking Christopher's dick.
For the second time tonight she was on her knees sucking a stranger's cock in front of other strangers, and instead of her mind reeling in shock, she wondered if it was not the last.
Then she banished all other thoughts as she focused on the sensation of pleasuring the man in front of her, knowing this was what her role as a DSA Spokesmodel demanded.
Vaguely she heard the other guys making bets on how long Christopher would 'last' and feeling the hard-as-metal member in her mouth, Diamond knew Velvet had been correct, her beau was not going to last very long.
As if on cue, her head was grabbed roughly by Christopher's hands as his hips thrusted forward and he slammed his cock into her mouth, her nose and chin pressing roughly against his hairy pelvis as she felt his cock begin to spasm within her mouth.
"Don't swallow!" Tom and Steve yelled together as Jen remembered the second half of the dare.
She was slightly disheartened, wanting to eagerly swallow all of the hot cum shooting into her mouth—she had always been a swallower and not a spitter, enjoying the feel of the warm viscous liquid slide down her throat. Against her own desire she complied, locking her throat closed as the cock spasmed and spilled into her mouth, her cheeks slowly pooling the growing volume of liquid.
Diamond's face was pressed firmly against the photography assistant's groin, her mouth filling with his ejaculate. She had the bizarre thought of being able to compare Sean's groin with Christopher's—having been in the same position for both—thinking of the former's shaved pelvis as Christopher's pubic hairs tickled her cheek. Distractedly she wondered if all the other guys—being pornography actors—were also shaved, having once read it was common to make them appear bigger for the camera.
The back of her mind wondered what somebody would have thought if they walked into the room, five guys without shirts, a woman with her breasts bare, as another woman kneeled in front of the sixth man with his cock completely shoved into her mouth, her face pressed against his pelvis.
Jonathon tapping on her shoulder brought back her attention as he held out a shot glass as she took it and pulled back her head, sliding her lips tightly over Christopher's dick to let it and none of his cum out of her mouth. Then, turning to the others, she looked at each of them as she slowly drooled the contents of Christopher's balls into the glass, while everybody cheered her on.
"So how was it?" she heard her assistant ask.
Jen smiled at Christopher's reply as he laughed, "Let's just say the bar has been set rather high" he laughed.
Velvet also laughed, replying back, "Honey, I'm going to tell you right now to be disappointed. I don't think anybody can compare to Diamond," she laughed as Sean and Carl each agreed wholeheartedly.
Jen felt herself blush, not in humility or shame, or even embarrassment at what happened, but instead delighted at the praise she was being given.
Licking her lips at the remaining drops of Christopher's cum, she thanked Carl as he handed her a tall glass of vodka. Taking a long pull at the drink, she grimaced as she once again tasted the spiked vodka, but complying with the FBI and everybody's expectations she finished the glass.
She again flushed at the praise as everybody congratulated her on her successful dare, but as she had earlier expected, once the excitement died down everybody got back into their original places on the mat. Once again she thought it odd everybody acted so normal after what had occurred.
She had just dropped to her knees and sucked off a stranger, and although everybody had cheered and acknowledged the act while it was happening, afterwards it was like nothing odd had happened, the game continuing.
While the game progressed, Jen felt some anxiety that her arousal had not even been curbed, let alone abated at giving in to the dare. If anything, she was even more frustrated, particularly at having to spit out Christopher's ejaculate instead of swallowing. If anything, her desire and lust were merely primed, her entire body in a sustained state of heightened anticipation.
Carl's turn was next, taking a Dare when the option came to him. His dare was another question, having to describe everything that had ever been inserted into his anus.
Jen was surprised as he began to rattle off a list of vibrators, dildos, pens, and even a screwdriver as Tom answered both her and Velvet's unanswered question, "When Carl first started he did a lot of gay scenes to get into the business," he told them. "I'm actually surprised the list isn't longer," he laughed along with the other guys, including Carl.
The round ended suddenly when Tom rolled an impossible move, his body unable to reach a viable circle due to his Groin and Foot placements making it impracticable.
Another round of spiked drinks were passed around, but nobody commented. At this point everybody was too drunk and too aroused to care, their minds only focused on the game as the next round began.
Even Jen wanted to proceed with the game, her body nothing but a filled vessel of lust. She briefly thought about heading back to her room soon with the full intention of masturbating—her body's arousal too great to ignore. She also knew at this point masturbating was not going to be satisfying, merely going to curb the edge but still leaving her wanting more. She was too stimulated, her body too charged up for sex for her to manually appease herself, whishing Dan were here so she could satiate her lust on him; however, having nothing but her own fingers to take off the edge, it was at the top of her list of first things to do once she walked into her room.
She was barely paying attention as Tom and then Velvet rolled, each of them stepping to their designated circles as Jen thought about an excuse to leave.
Her thoughts were broken when everybody cheered, hearing Steve shout out, "Dare!"
As Jen was closest to the pile, she picked up the card. Looking at it, she realized it was similar to the one she had earlier, grinning at him as she read it out loud. "You must have oral sex to completion with the last person who spun blue in this round," she said.
Initially everybody cheered, but then Tom looked at the mat saying, "Well fuck, nobody's spun blue."
Looking at the mat Jen realized it was true—it being the beginning of the round and only Velvet and Tom currently on the mat, Steve began laughing.
"Hah!" he cried out happily and stepped on a purple square. "I'll take that dare," he said faithfully, his dare basically being a free pass, as both her and Velvet echoed the others sentiments, muttering, "Lucky bastard" along with the rest of the men.
Sean was next, also landing on a Truth/Dare area and Jen once again picked up a purple Dare card, reading, "Have you ever masturbated with a person of the same sex?" she asked.
The sudden image of Sean with any of the other guys, jacking off together, caused her body to heat up unbearably, her breasts aching due to being so tight.
As several of the guys teased Sean for his crappy dare he answered the question, "Yeah I have," he laughed. "In fact, it was with Tom at our last movie," he said as both he and Tom.
While Sean stepped on a purple area Jen's mind was filled with the image of the two handsome men touching themselves in front of each other.
"Fuck me," Christopher said out loud grabbing her attention as she saw he, like the other two men, had rolled on a Truth/Dare slot.
"Another three-in-a-row," Jonathon said, "and this time you have to take another Dare," he told the man who had already had two Truth cards in a row.
Jen handed Velvet a purple card, telling her she could do the honors.
Velvet read the card and suddenly guffawed, saying, "Looks like I'm about to see some naked man meat," before reading the card. "You must have sex 'doggie style' with the last person who chose 'Truth' in this round until either player's next turn," she said.
Velvet' comment about naked men made sense, as everybody knew Christopher had passed on every dare involving intimate acts with the other men.
Then everybody's mouth fell open as Christopher said, "I'll take that dare!"
The room was silent as Jen, Velvet, and the other five men looked at him in shock when suddenly Steve burst out laughing. Everybody turned to look at him questioningly as he said, "It's like my card," he said, "it's a free pass because nobody has chosen a truth THIS round," he laughed with everybody else as they all understood why Christopher took the dare.
"Damn," Velvet said, obviously disappointed at seeing the man naked as Christopher laughed.
"Soon enough babe, soon enough," the lighting assistant said to her as they both smiled as he stepped onto the mat.
Jen was handed the spinner and she felt a burn deep in her abdomen as she spun the dial, seeing it land on a Truth/Dare slot.
"Wow, four-in-a-row," she heard Carl say as everybody looked at her expectantly.
Smiling, Jen knew there was only one answer as she said loudly, "Dare!" as the group cheered.
Jonathon picked up a purple card and read it silently, then looked up at the rest of the group and grinned, "Looks like we can resume our bets on what she'll remove," he told them.
Jen wondered what the card read, knowing it had to be something above and beyond sucking one of them off that they would start betting on her forfeiting as she looked at the man quizzically, who smiled at her as he read the card. "Strip, get blindfolded, and lay on the bed. Every player who spins Green gets to use their mouth upon you for a full minute each," he laughed.
Jen heard the guys laugh as they agreed with Jonathon, beginning to make wagers on what piece of clothing she would remove.
Her body was in a complete state of needing, and the idea of one or more tongues upon her sent shivers across her skin, her breasts tightening.
As the guys watched her she reached down, placing her hands beneath her skit and expertly unsnapped the sides of her silver thong, the material falling onto her upper thighs before she slowly pulled the material out from her slit and crack of her ass, gasping as the string slid out from between her sensitive labia.
Not even looking at it, knowing it was completely wet from her arousal, she tossed it behind her.
Sean and Carl both nodded knowingly as they both said, "Told you it was the thong," as they gave each other a high-five with their hands.
Suddenly the room went silent as Jen said, "Wait, the dare's not over," as everybody turned back to her in surprise.
Under any normal, sober circumstances, Jen would have forfeited the round, but now, her body as aroused as it was, the only thought in her mind was getting some relief. The question 'What would the DSA Spokesmodel do?' kept running through her head as she smiled at the men and said, "I'm just getting ready," she told them as she reached behind her and unsnapped her halter, the material springing forward before she grabbed it and pulled it over her head.
"Wow, you sure those are not fake?" she heard Carl say as Sean laughed.
"Trust me, I've felt them plenty, they are as natural as breathing," he said as the other guys watching her with obvious lust.
Jen felt her nipples harden further, amazed it was even possible for them to do so, the small buds feeling as if they would suddenly explode from all the pent up arousal flowing through her body.
Smiling at the men's comments, she finally reached down to her hips and turned around. Bending over, she slowly pulled the skirt down her legs, keeping fully bent over until she stepped out of the silver and lace material around her ankles, giving everybody a full view of her ass.
Without a word she turned around and walked around the corner into the closest bedroom—this being the one she had not seen earlier as she smiled, seeing this room had a king-sized bed. Her grin widened as everybody—including Velvet—follow her into the room, their gazes upon her practically mesmerized by her actions as if she had them by an invisible leash.
Without another word Carl stepped up to her with the blindfold and put it on her, wrapping the black silk material snugly around her face.
"Don't I even get to watch the spins?" she asked, hearing a few men chuckle.
Tom's voice came from close by answering, "That's the idea, not knowing who, or where, the winning spins are going to touch you," he said.
"Well, you all better be honest if nobody spins a green," she said quietly.
She heard the others laugh as she slowly moved onto the bed, slowly laying back and resting her head onto the pillows.
Jen heard mumbled conversation in the room and the sound of the spinning wheel. Then her mouth went dry as she heard somebody hiss, "Lucky bastard" as her blood begin to race, knowing at least one person had landed on a Green section.
Laying on the bed, naked and blindfolded, Jen's entire body became hypersensitive. Even her hearing improved as the radio from the living room sounded louder, wondering if somebody had turned it up.
"I'm waiting!" she said to the room.
Immediately next to her ear to her left she heard, "Shhh," as her heart beat loudly in her chest, her pulse racing through her at the sudden knowledge of somebody next to her.
Jen groaned as a pair of lips suddenly pressed against her lips, reflexively opening her mouth as somebody's tongue slipped into her mouth. With a groan her tongue met theirs, her body on fire as she began to make out with whomever had won the spin, the fact of not knowing whom she was kissing turning her on even more.
Suddenly Jen's entire body jerked, a gasp leaving her mouth as she pulled slightly away from the person kissing her as a hot, wet tongue suddenly lick her right breast. Jen moaned again as the person's hot breath blew across her nipple and aureole like hot wax, groaning into the mouth once against covering hers when the mysterious person sucked her nipple in their mouth, their tongue flicking over the highly sensitive nub.
She continued moaning against the person kissing her as the other mouth suckled her breast.
Then Jen's entire body jumped up from the bed, a deep moan echoing within the mouth upon hers as yet another mouth latched onto her right breast.
Jen could not imagine a more arousing circumstance as she was kissed by one of the guys, and each breast was suckled by two others. Her body began undulated uncontrollably on the bed as the three men kissed, sucked, and licked her.
She was in heaven and then the room echoed with a loud, extended moan from deep inside her as she felt a pair of hands touched her knees, slowly spreading her legs apart.
Immediately her eyes flew open, only to be met by the black darkness of the blindfold as the bed sagged, feeling somebody move between her legs.
She whined loudly in need as a hot breath spread across her crotch, raising her hips in response. She was no longer in control of her own body as she was French kissed, her breasts suckled, and she yearned for the mouth near her crotch.
Then Jen screamed, the exclamation only partially muffled against the mouth upon hers as a steaming hot and moist tongue slowly moved up her slit, her hips tilting up as her body jerked, attempting to get the tongue further inside her.
Then her yearning was answered as she gave another deep moan, the tongue slide into her slit.
Jen was overcome by pleasure, the mouth against hers demanding, the ones on her breasts raising her to a peak of arousal, and the invasive tongue between her legs. She could hold back no longer as suddenly her mind exploded in a dazzle of light, her body shaking uncontrollably as she orgasmed immediately when the tongue slid across her clit.
Jen could not believe her body's response as bucked and thrashed on the bed, riding the waves of her incredibly intense orgasm, amazed she had cum so quickly from such a small touch—and wanting more and more.
She grunted as the tongue once again flicked across her clit, trigging another wave of orgasms as she yelled into the mouth against hers again and again, over and over as her body was stimulated incessantly.
The mouth against hers pulled away and Jen groaned out a loud, "No!" at the absence, wanting to feel those lips against her.
As if in a dream, she heard Sean's voice say, "What did you say?"
A voice similar, but not her own answered his question, the deep husky feminine voice, exiting her mouth as she hissed, "Fuck me."
Jen repeated the words over and over, pleading when to the room until she felt somebody touch her blindfold. Without anybody telling her to, she lifted her head, allowing whomever it was to remove it.
The bedroom's lights had been dimmed, so Jen's eyes did not need to adjust as she looked around the room, moaning hungrily as saw Sean, Carl, Steve, Jonathon, and Tom all gathered around the bed, all of them gloriously naked, their erections jutting from their bodies as if polarized to her body, pointing towards her.
Seeing where the men were standing, she guessed it had been Carl and Jonathon on her breasts and Tom between her legs as she let out a primal groaned remembering their mouths upon her.
Apparently it had been Steve kissing her, as Sean was on her left side.
She turned her head immediately to the right when the bed sagged as she saw Steve get onto the bed. Then she moaned in delight and opened her mouth as he move his cock closer and closer to her face. Without hesitation Jen took him in her mouth.
Then she moaned loudly as Tom climbed once more onto the bed between her legs, his fingers suddenly and easily sliding into her soaking wet slit, his hand moving in and out slowly.
Jen began matching Tom's motions with her head, moving it back and forth as she eagerly sucked Steve's cock. Then her whole body began shivering uncontrollable as Carl and Jonathon continued their attention on her breasts, now using their hands as well as their mouths.
"Fuck she's so wet," she heard Tom say, immediately followed by him saying, "God, I got to be inside of her."
She felt a momentary loss as his fingers pulled out of her, and then her eyes opened wide, her lips opening further around Steve's cock as she yelled out, "Ahhcht!" as Tom's cock entered in one thrust, while Steve thrusted forward with his own cock, slamming it into the back of her throat..
Jen clamped down her pussy muscles around the cock entering her. Tom was not wide, but as he fed his member into her, she could tell he was nice and long, his cock seeming to slide into her forever, until his hips met hers and he slowly pulled back.
Jen groaned at the sensations overwhelming her, feeling nothing but pleasure emanate from her body as the four men used her.
As Tom pulled back, her mind incongruously pictured a magic act, a magician pulling a handkerchief from his sleeve, more and more of the material leaving his sleeve without ending. Such was the feeling of Tom's cock pulling out of her, the head of his member rasping against her vaginal walls, his length prolonging the experience indefinitely. Eventually once he pulled back, he slammed back into her, his cock impaling her with delight.
Feeling a weight get on the bed to her right, Jen slowly slid Steve's cock out of her mouth with a loud 'slurp' as she turned to see Sean, his large cock directly in front of her. Without hesitation she opened her mouth, moaning as he thrusted his hips forward, his cock sliding into her mouth as she clamped her lips around him and sucked him in further.
Her eyes opened with a start when she felt her legs pulled up ninety degrees from the bed, Tom placing her feet over his shoulder as his hips began slamming into her roughly, the 'slap-slap' of his hips meeting the back of her legs accompanying the grunts of her as he began vigorously fucking her.
"Oh fuck is she tight," Tom yelled as she suddenly felt him pull out of her, dropping her legs back on the bed as he grunted.
Jen immediately felt a warm sensation spread on her stomach as Tom came on her. Without a second's thought she moved her hand beneath Carl's body and began rubbing the warm wet liquid into her stomach, relishing the slimy feeling against her skin.
Jen's mouth was still around Sean's cock as she felt Steve get off the bed and felt her legs once again lifted, moaning around Sean's cock as Steve's hands grasped her ankles, spreading her legs wide apart as he moved his body between them.
A yell left her mouth, muffled and warped by the large cock in her throat as Steve drove his hips forward, impaling her with the full length of his cock. He instantly began moving his hips fiercely, driving his cock in and out of her core. As Jen continued sucking Sean's cock, she realized her hips were moving in rhythm with Steve's thrusts, accepting each impaling thrust of his cock into her with relish.
Sean pulling his hips back and his cock sliding away from her mouth refocused her attention as she felt the bed give once again on the other side of her. Turning, she saw Tom, his cock still hard, the at least eleven inch shaft curled upwards and glistening in the dim light with her own juices, move towards her.
Jen immediately opened and took him in her mouth, groaning at the taste of her own juices mixed with the remainder of Tom's orgasm, which she eagerly sucked out of him while her body was perpetually pounded by Steve fucking her.
She lost all track of time as she sucked Tom's cock, her breasts continuously massaged and licked, and roughly fucked by Steve.
"Look out guys, I'm about to blow," she heard from Steve and immediately all the mouths upon her disappeared as Jen pulled her own head back from Tom's cock, looking down as Steve suddenly pulled out of her.
Holding his cock, Jen watched fascinated as an incredibly large stream of white flew from the hole in his cock and landed high upon her breasts. The second spurt, just as strong, hit her chin, the rest spreading across her left breast. Surprisingly his third and fourth squirts were as powerful, his cock jerking within his hands as he covered her breasts with his ejaculate.
Once finished, Steve moved away from his position and Jen once again reached down with both of her hands, cupping her breasts and spreading the warm milky fluid upon her skin as the smell of cum filled her nostrils, the odor of sex turning her on even more.
"Time for you to drive for a bit," she heard Jonathon say watched him get on the bed and lie next to her, his cock—a good ten or eleven inches—pointing straight up towards the ceiling.
Jen immediately rolled over and got on her knees, and without any reluctance moved over and straddled Jonathon's body. Reaching down she grasped his firm member, raising it as she slowly lowered herself upon him, impaling herself with the hard shaft.
Both she and Jonathon let out yells of pleasure as his hard cock was engulfed by her wet, hot folds. Already loosened up from the fucking Tom and Steve had given her, she immediately began moving her hips, passionately riding the man's cock as his cock to rub quickly back and forth, in and out of her sex.
Jen placed her hands on his chest and began raising up and falling down, slamming the cock in and out of her.
To her surprise she saw Steve get on the bed, standing up and straddling Jonathon as he guided his glistening cock towards Jen's face.
As her body bounced up and down on Jonathon, the steady 'slap-slap' of her body slamming into his, she eagerly opened her mouth, sucking in the dick that only moments before been pounding in and out of her pussy, his cum still drying upon her breasts.
The taste of cum and her own juices once again hit her tongue as she moaned loudly, moving her entire body up and down, pulling Jonathon's cock out of her pussy as she engulfed Steve's member, then slamming back, forcefully driving Jonathon's cock into her as she pulled back from Steve.
She continued riding one man as she sucked the other, her movements and synchronous movements of their cocks making her feel as if she were impaled by one huge dick sliding back and forth through her. Then she was momentarily startled as her hand was pulled up, moaning around Steve's member in her mouth as her hand was guided to Sean's cock, which she grasped firmly and began stroking. Immediately her other hand was similarly guided to Tom's cock, and Jen felt like she was suspended in space as each hand jacked off a cock, another moved inside of her pussy, and yet another moved in and out of her mouth.
The 'gacht-gacht-gurch' sound of Steve's cock slamming in and out of her mouth in accompaniment with the slapping of her ass against Jonathon's pelvis was joined by her and the other men's grunts and moans, the radio still playing in the background.
Even in her lust, in the back of her mind and through the haze of lust and desire coursing through her, Jen had a brief moment of sympathy for Carl, who was left out of the action as she continued to pleasure four other guys at once.
Then Jen almost coughed on Steve's cock as unexpectedly she felt a cool touch on her ass, spreading apart her butt cheeks as she rose up and down on Jonathon's manhood.
Jen moaned round Steve's cock as she suddenly stilled her body, him continuing to drive in and out of her mouth as she felt a cool sensation she guessed being Carl's finger, obviously lubricated, press and slowly insert itself past her anus and into her rectum!
Another low, deep moan came from deep within her as she was now diddled in the ass while sucking one cock, another buried in her pussy, and her hands wrapped around and jacking off two others.
Jen once again began to move her hips, now riding Jonathon's cock as well as impaling herself on Carl's hand when she felt him pull his hand back.
Surprisingly she missed the absence of his finger in her ass when she suddenly let out a loud groan as she felt Carl move behind her, his hands spreading her ass cheeks apart.
She was about to turn her head and tell him to stop, not interested in anal sex, something she had not allowed since Dan had been in college and she had been manipulated into a threesome with one of the cooks she worked with.
Before she could say anything Steve grabbed her head, driving his cock deep into her throat and chocking Jen as she let out a combination groan, moan, yell, and gag at the sudden invasion of Carl's cock pressed against her lubricated anus.
Jen's body immediately stopped, Jonathon's dick lodged deep within her while Steve held her face firmly in his grasp as he roughly fucked her mouth; however, all she could focus on at the moment was the cock pressing against her back door. Abruptly she felt a quick burning sensation as the head of his cock popped into her body, a low moan coming out of her from around the cock slamming into her mouth at the heated stretching of her anus.
She realized Carl knew what he was doing as he remained in that position, only the head of his cock inside her as he gave her time to adjust to his rear entrance.
Meanwhile she actually forgot about the cocks in her hands and the one if her pussy as her attention was turned back to Steve's vice-like grip upon her head as he suddenly began slamming into her. She could do nothing but loosen her throat as she was face-fucked by man who relentlessly drove his cock in and out of her mouth without any regard to her own comfort or even breathing.
Jen was barely able to take a breath when Steve pulled back, her accompanying gags filling the room as he almost immediately thrusted back into her, his cock slamming roughly into the back of her throat.
The man's thrusts into her face was so vigorous she was no longer stroking Tom and Sean, instead holding on to their cocks for support as her face as literally ravished. The fierceness of Steve's thrusts was almost frightening, and had she not been so aroused previously, she would have been panicking.
Then she felt Carl slowly insert his cock deeper and deeper into her rectum.
Jen let out a low groan, the cock slamming repeatedly into her mouth distorting the sound as her vocalization filled the room, "Unggg-akcht-nnnn."
She had still not relinquished her grips upon Sean or Tom's cock when she suddenly heard Sean say, "Oh God yes, I got something for you Diamond," he said, pulling out of her hand.
The loss of her grip on him caused her to nearly lost her balance, but Carl, as if expecting her disorientation, wrapped his hands around her, grasping her tits as he continued plowing his cock in and out of her ass, the combination of his and Steve's thrusts causing Jonathon's cock to once again move in and out of her pussy, as he too began thrusting his hips.
Jen felt the bed shift as in surprise as Sean's cock appeared in her view out of the corner of her eye. While Steve still fucked her face Jen watched helplessly as Sean's cock erupted, a stream of cum splashing against her cheek, across her ear, as well as a spurt shooting across the bridge of her nose.
"Fuck!" Steve suddenly yelled, surprising her as he pulled his cock quickly out of Jen's mouth as he began furiously stroking it in front of her.
Sean was still cumming on her face, his cock shooting into her hair when Steve yelled for her to open her mouth. Without a thought she complied with his order as Steve's cock began ejaculating.
His first shot missed her mouth and hit her directly in the eye, and Jen immediately closed her eyes, the burning acidic fluid causing her to tear up as she opened her mouth wider, feeling the warm fluid of Steve's second ejaculate enter her mouth and land upon her tongue.
Jen reached up and wiped her eye, slowly opening it, although it still burned as watched Steve then move forward, sliding his cock back into her opened mouth.
Jen still had not swallowed his initial load and as she clamped her lips around his shaft her tongue swirled his cum around his cock before swallowing and sucking his cock as he moaned, still cumming in her throat.
Once again Steve pulled out of her mouth as he proceeded to slide the head of his dick across her face, smearing both his and Sean's cum over her cheeks as her body was still being fucked by both Jonathon and Carl.
Abruptly Carl grunted, slamming his cock fully into her ass as she felt his cock begin to twitch within her, her anal sphincter stretched tightly around him as she realized he was filling her colon with his ejaculate.
The thought of two men cumming on her face, her body coated with the sperm of two other men, while two others simultaneously fucked her pussy and ass was too much for her to comprehend as Jen felt another orgasm immediately flood through her, her body jerking uncontrollably as she vigorously began riding Jonathon's cock as Carl pulled his dick out of her as.
Jen heard herself fart and immediately turned red from embarrassment; however, none of the men said anything as Jen's orgasm coursed through her while Jonathon moved his hips faster and faster, guiding her own hips up and down with his hand.
Suddenly he pushed her back as his cock slid out from her and began shooting up against her pelvis and stomach, the warm fluid coating her even more as she reached down and grasped the slimy shaft, aiming his cock against her skin.
She was still jacking off Tom, and looking over at him, cum dripping from her face, smiled at him.
Tom smiled in return and told her to get on her stomach.
Without a word Jen obeyed, not even bothering to wipe the cum off her as she laid down on her stomach. She felt Tom climb onto the bed and straddled her, putting his knees outside of her legs.
Jen thought he was going to cum on her ass or back, when suddenly he slammed his cock into her pussy.
With her legs pressed together he filled her completely and tightly and Jen screamed, "Oh God yes! Fuck me!" over and over while Tom followed her orders implicitly, slamming his cock once again in and out of her core.
He was only inside her for a few strokes when suddenly Tom pulled out and grunted, Jen feeling his ejaculate splash upon her ass cheeks and lower back, moaning in response as the man slid his cock between her ass, emptying his cock for a second time upon her body.
When he was done Tom moved off of her and Jen immediately felt somebody else straddle her, grunting as their cock buried itself into her pussy like Tom's. Looking over her shoulder Jen saw Steve begin slamming into her, marveling the man could fuck her after cumming two times, his recent orgasm still wet on her face.
Jen grunted as Steve slammed into her incessantly, as vigorous as he had fucked her mouth, her body smacking into the mattress as he fucked her.
Suddenly Jen came again, her body shivering from orgasm as she felt Steve pull out.
Expecting him to cum on her back, her eyes opened wide as she suddenly felt her ass checks spread apart and his cock slide into her anus. Jen cried out at the burning sensation of his cock—much larger than Carl's—bore itself into her anus. Without a pause Steve began to fuck her ass as vigorously as he had her mouth and pussy and unbelievably, her ass stretched wide and feeling as if it were on fire from the large cock, Jen suddenly began cumming again, wave after wave of release flooding her as she was sodomized by a man she had just met.
Steve laid his entire body on her, his cock continuing to drive into her ass like a piston, his body slapping against hers over and over as Jen screamed in both pleasure and pain into the pillows, now wet from the cum from her face as her body was frantically slammed over and over into the mattress.
Both her's and Steve's bodies were bouncing upon the bed as she felt his entire body stiffened on top of hers. Immediately she felt his cock spasm in her ass as he came deep into her rectum. Once again Jen was overcome by another orgasm, surprised at cumming from anal sex as she laid on the bed, waves of release coursing through her as a man she had just met came in her ass, his cock buried deep within her rectum.
Steve had barely pulled out of her when she felt hands roll her to her side. Her top leg was lifted up and she looked and saw Sean move and straddle her lower leg. Returning his smile, her eyes widened and a moan escaped her mouth as he moved forward, his large cock sliding between the folds of her labia and entering her.
In this position he filled her even more than their photo-shoot, the sensation completely different but no less fulfilling as him fucking her from behind. Even after his fucking her once she was not in any fashion accustomed to his large girth, the feeling of being filled completely by his shaft slamming into her mind while she groaned nonstop as Sean slowly fucked her.
Jen felt the bed shift and saw Carl climb onto the bed, guiding his cock towards her face as she eagerly opened her mouth.
It was not until her lips clamped around his shaft and her tongue began stroking the bulge of his vein beneath his cock that she recalled where his cock had been last; however, to her relief the taste of soap hit her tongue as she silently thanked him for cleaning himself off.
Meanwhile Sean filled her core completely as another orgasm built up within her, eventually releasing as she let Carl's cock pull out of her mouth, moaning in response as she came over and over around Sean's large cock.
Suddenly she heard Sean grunt and pull out of her, his load releasing all upon her side, almost covering her entire waist and ribs with his release. She was amazed at the amount of his ejaculate, especially after he had cum all over her face.
Then it was Jonathon's turn, who rolled her back onto her stomach. Pulling her hips up and guiding her to her knees, he took her doggy style, fucking her as roughly as the others as her face buried itself in the pillows, her moans of pleasure loud even when yelled into the feathered cushions.
She felt her shoulders pulled up and got back on her hands as Sean moved in front of her, guiding his cock into her mouth as she proceeded to suck Sean while Jonathon plowed into her, eventually cumming across her back.
Immediately his cock was replaced by Carl's, who fucked her for so long she came at least three times, wave upon wave of releases coursing through her body as she screamed round the cocks in her mouth—first Sean, then Jonathon followed by Tom, and finally once again by Steve, who brutally fucked her oral cavity, using her for his own pleasure and taking no consideration about her own comfort or needs.
And so it went, each of the men taking turns as she was fucked and sucked each man off, cumming over and over, her body nothing but a receptacle the five men utilized to satiate their lust. She lost all track of time and space, completely absorbed in the here and now as they fucked her mouth, fucked her pussy, and each fucked her ass—except Sean, who did not want to cause her any pain, instead fucking her several times in the pussy.
Each time the men pulled out of her, cumming over her body until she felt like she had been dipped into a barrel of cum, the bed soaked with their ejaculate, her body and hair drenched. She marveled at how the men could orgasm so many times in one evening as she recalled Velvet's comment how she would not turn down being with a professional porn star trained to have multiple ejaculations.
********************
Jen opened her eyes, at first completely disoriented as to where she was. As the musky odors of cum and sex permeated her nostrils, the night's activities rushed back to her as she realized she was sandwiched between two men, their warm naked bodies spooned with hers on each side.
To her front was Tom, his soft snores coming to her ears and filling the room with sound. Looking over her shoulder, she saw Jonathon against her back, his naked body flush with hers, his—finally—flaccid manhood comfortably wedged between her ass cheeks. Sean was lying next to him on his back, his large—also finally flaccid—member lying quietly upon his pelvis.
Propping herself up on her elbows, she saw Carl was next to Tom, and Steve spread out across the foot of the bed, Jen's feet actually resting on his lower back.
Running her hands through her hair, she discovered it was damp, the odor of cum again assaulting her nostrils. She now became aware of the damp sensations against her skin, knowing she was covered in dried and drying cum from all five guys. Slowly the night's activities came back to her, she recalled how each of them had cum on her, over and over until she had wondered how they had not gotten dehydrated, not to mention how their bodies were producing so much sperm. She had literally been showered with cum as each man had used her, over and over again, fucking her, sodomizing her, and her sucking them as they fucked her mouth. She had also jacked off all of them, following their directions as she let them cum on her tits, her stomach, or her face.
She realized she had fallen asleep—or more likely passed out from all the alcohol she had drank. Slowly she straightened herself, trying not the wake any of the naked men in bed with her. She ached all over, particularly her jaw, her shoulders, and the insides of her thighs, knowing it was from the gangbang she had endured—and in fact, luxuriated in.
Now in the aftermath, finding herself in bed with five men, she felt panic, horror, and humiliation.
She was mortified with what had happened. What the fuck had she done?
Slowly as not to wake them, she got out of the bed, climbing over the exhausted spent male bodies. Being the first awake and crawling over the bodies, she imagined a female spider crawling over her used and discarded prey, finally making it off the bed as she stood up.
Her skin was tight, realizing with dismay she was covered in drying cum. Her immediate thought was to clean herself off as she made her way into the bathroom to wash up.
Looking in the mirror once she was inside, quietly closing the door for privacy, the phrase 'ridden hard and put up wet' came to her mind. Although the term was used for horses, it aptly described her appearance—her hair damp and matted, splotches of cum all over her.
She was disgusted with herself over what happened, allowing herself to be so used and violated by the five men. Even worse was the fact she had relished in their use of her, exhilarated and ecstatic—even urging them on in depravity.
Recalling her earlier urge to get back to her hotel room, it became her priority as she looked around the bathroom for something to clean herself off with before she could get back to her room and take a long bath.
Astonishingly and to her frustration, she could not find a towel, rag, or even paper towels in the bathroom.
In the bright bathroom light, her head began to throb with the beginnings of a hangover, so she changed her strategy and instead looked for some aspirin.
She thanked God when she found a Ziploc bag of pills—leave it to a man to pack aspirin in a Ziploc bag she thought, taking two of the white pills and washing it down with a handful of water from the sink.
Looking again and not finding any linens, she decided to simply get dressed and get back to her room where she could wash in private.
Exiting the bathroom—turning off the light before she opened to door in order to not awaken the sleeping men—she let her eyes re-adjust to the dim light before moving around, looking for her clothes.
"What the fuck?" she whispered as she moved around the bedroom, not only not finding her own clothing, but none of the guys' either. In fact, even their luggage—if there had ever been any—was not even in the closets.
What she did find were two tripods commonly used for still photo-sessions, as she assumed them to belong to Christopher. She knew the men all had a long history together, so him keeping equipment in the room was not too much an oddity as she left the room and looked around the living room space for her clothing, remembering taking off most of it during the game of twister.
Muttering a curse again, she could not find any clothing—hers or the men's—as she looked in all the closets, cabinets, and drawers. In fact, other than the sheets on the bed which the men were lying on, there was nothing she could cover herself with in the entire suite.
Even cautiously opening the other bedroom door—finding Velvet and Christopher lying on top of each other equally as naked, there were no signs of their clothing or anybody else's. Even the linens in the other bathroom were gone!
"What the fuck?" she muttered again, wondering where her clothes were.
Jen looked at the clock seeing it was 4:30 A.M. Larry was picking her and Velvet up for the off-site photo-shoot at eight, so she had time to sleep off some of the effects of her night as well as wash up, once again her priority focused upon getting back to her hotel room.
In her drunken and probably drugged mine, the only thing she could suddenly think of was the desire to get back to her room.
She also wanted to be out of the suite before any of the other men woke up, afraid of what may happen.
It was not that she did not trust them, she did not trust herself. How could she have let them have their way with her? How could she have had sex with five guys at one time? And not only sex, but depraved acts of sodomy, sucking, and carnality she had never even imagined, recalling how she had been contorted and positioned in ways she had never contemplated as the men used her repeatedly.
Yes she had been drunk, maybe even drugged; however, none of that mattered as she felt she should have stopped everything from happening. She should have gone back to her room, regardless of what Velvet and the other guys had urged.
Thinking about her assistant, she thought about waking her up, but glancing back into the other bedroom and seeing her body entwined with Christopher's, she knew she could not wake one up without waking the other—and Christopher would undoubtedly wake the other men up.
Movement out of the corner of her eye caught her attention as Tom moved his arm, rolling over upon the bed and frightening her. Seeing him move, Jen knew she had to get to her room. It was the foremost thought in her mind. There she had a shower, she had clothes, and she had it all to herself.
Her mind flashed back to the evening, being serviced, fucked, and fucking each of the guys. Jen forcibly pushed the thoughts out of her head, feeling her body heat up in arousal.
How could she still be aroused, she wondered? She would have thought the night's debauchery and depravity upon herself by the five guys would have appeased any appetite for sex she had for quite some time; and yet she could not deny the feelings and sensations coursing through her body, the heat within her lower pelvis, her breasts, and in fact her entire body causing her mind to keep returning to thoughts of the earlier evening.
God, she needed to get to her room, she thought, or else she would be jumping the guys where they lay!
Her room was on this floor, she knew, and at this time of the night—or morning—nobody should be in the hallway, so she could make it there even naked, her only thought on getting as far from this room as possible and back within her own.
Reaching her decision, she slowly opened the door to the suite seeing the empty hallway before her. Girding up her courage, she opened the door the rest of the way and began jogging down the hallway. Her breasts were sore from the night's continued attention by the men, so her running was uncomfortable as they swayed before her as she moved quickly down the hallway.
It was not until she heard the door click behind her, passing several rooms already down the hallway, that reason came to her—she was naked in a hotel hallway. And without her key!
"Fuck!" Jen said loudly to herself, realizing she was now locked out of not only her own suite, but the guys' room as well.
What the fuck had she been thinking? Talk about a blonde moment, she had been so focused on getting back to her room she had not even thought about anything else. For once, her comfort being naked had gone against her, thinking nothing of running to her room naked.
What the hell was she going to do now?
Standing naked in the hallway, the odor of sex and cum emanating from her, was definitely not an option. The longer she remained in the hallway, the more chance of somebody coming upon her increased, even at this hour.
She had two options, go back to the guys' room and wake them up by pounding on the door, or call down to the front desk and have somebody open her room.
Although going back to the guys' room was logical, she once again did not trust herself with them.
Had she really allowed five men to fuck her? And worse yet, not individually but all five at once!
The perfume of spent sex and arousal surrounding her like a cloud and the tightness of her skin as the consummation of their lust dried upon her was answer enough.
Again reaching a decision—and hopefully a sounder one than her last—she turned and headed down the hallway to her room. She only paused long enough to pick up the house phone by the elevators.
Immediately a voice answered, saying, "Front desk."
Jen did not know what to say, her mind going blank as the voice over the phone asked if they could help her.
"Uh...yes," she stuttered, completely at a loss for words.
She had heard of people getting locked out of their hotel rooms naked before. But during those times she had thought the people fools, and now the cards now turned on her.
"Ma'am, is everything alright?" the thankfully female voice asked.
Jen was glad a female answered, as it would have been even more embarrassing telling a man her predicament as she answered, "Uh, yes, I got locked out of my room," she said, not wanting to go into details.
"Oh, we can get you back in immediately. What room are you in? And what is your name?" the woman asked.
"This is...uh," she was not sure if the room was registered to her real name or not. Recalling the platinum American Express card Velvet had shown her at dinner she said, "This is Diamond, from room 2025," she finally said.
"Oh yes, Miss Diamond, I'll be right up," the woman said to her relief.
Jen expressed her gratitude as she hung up the phone, quickly walking down to her room to meet the desk clerk. She was greatly appreciative of the small alcove each room had at the doorway as she hid around the corner such that nobody would see her if they were in the hallway. Furthermore, her own suite was the last one down this end of the hallway, so she was safely concealed even if some late night partier came out of the elevator and went to their room she would not be seen. Only somebody coming to her room—such as the female hotel clerk—would come up on her as she anxiously waited.
Alone to her own thoughts, her mind kept going through the evening's events. How had she allowed such a thing to happen?
And she had nobody to blame herself, knowing the entire evening's events were entirely her fault. She could have gone back to her room when they returned to the hotel. She could have left at any time during the game. But in the end, it was she who made the decision to strip and lay upon the bed naked, offering herself up as a sacrifice to a room full of horny male porn stars.
What did she think would happen? She was herself a female porn star, so presenting herself in such a fashion to the men was like placing a steak in front of a pack of hungry dogs.
She was momentarily distracted from her thoughts as she felt a cool tickle upon her stomach. Absently reaching down, she was appalled to find a drizzle of cum coming out of her navel. Sticking her finger into the depression in her stomach, she was horrified to hear a soft 'squish' as she displaced more of the seminal fluid.
It was at that moment she heard the elevator ring on her floor. She was too humiliated to look around the corner to verify it was the hotel clerk, instead waiting quietly for the woman to arrive and let her back into her room, her mind trying to figure out what excuse she could give for her current state of undress.
Suddenly a shape came around the corner and to Jen's horror, she saw it was not a female hotel clerk but a male bellhop. As the young man looked at her in surprise, she recognized the same bellhop who had seen her naked in the limousine!
Her body flushing in embarrassment, she heard him say, "Uh, Miss Diamond?" he asked questioningly.
Jen was used to being naked in front of men, but it was not her nudity that bothered her, instead the explicit and undeniable state of having had sex about her.
As if reading her mind the bellhop's eyes opened in surprise as she literally saw his nostrils flare as comprehension of what her previous activities had been.
Jen felt her body heat up in shame, but not at being found naked and obviously covered by more than one man's lust upon her in a hotel hallway. Instead her shame came from the overwhelming awareness of her breasts tightening, a familiar warmth spreading out from between her legs to her whole body.
Jen she was ashamed at her arousal, how her body was reacting as her nipples visibly rose and hardened before his eyes.
"Uh..." she stammered, again at a loss for words. "I seem to have locked myself out," she said, trying to ignore not the look that the bellhop was giving her, but instead her body's response from it.
"Oh...yes. Here, allow me," the man said, moving to the door and sliding his keycard into it, his eyes never leaving her.
Jen felt a brief moment of relief as the door clicked and he opened it for her, quickly stepping into the room to her sanctuary; however, that relief was short-lived when the door clicked behind her and she turned around to see the bellhop had followed her into the room!
Looking at him, she had a sudden moment of understanding as she stammered, "Oh! Here, let me get you a tip," she told him, beginning to turn to where she kept most of her money.
She stopped in mid-motion as the bellhop said, "No, that's alright. But I do have one request if you don't mind," he asked.
Turning around, Jen saw him reach down to his pants...
It was as if time stopped as she comprehended what he was asking.
She should have expected something like this, she thought with sudden clarity. Here she was, the DSA Spokesmodel, a known porn star, caught naked in the hallway after obviously having participated in some sort of sexual marathon, her body reeking of sex and covered with more than one man's ejaculate.
Jen's previous incomprehensible state of arousal, apparently only temporarily abated from her gangbang with the other men, returned in full force as she felt more than her mouth water.
The words of the DSA Public Relations woman Scarlett flashed into her head, "In simple terms, you are a slut. You are the publicly facing slut of the company. Your actions portray this company, and this company is about sex. When somebody talks about DSA, their thoughts should immediately turn to you, and once they turn to you they should be imagining you willing to fuck them...be the most seductive, fuckable woman they have ever met. You need to tease, you need to tempt, you need flirt, you need to proposition them...your success and the success of this company are hinging on how you present yourself."
At the same time her mind conceded she had already sucked off six strangers tonight, a few of them multiple times. As much as her body had been used by strangers tonight, what was one more?
All of these thoughts happened in the blink of an eye as Jen told him, "Here, let me help with that," to the startled bellhop.
Without another word she walked up to the bellhop and lowered herself down on her haunches, her knees spread open around the bellhop's calves. She smiled up at his surprised face—obviously startled she was so readily agreeing to what he was asking—as she reached up and unbuckled his belt, then unfastened and unzipped his pants, pulling them down past his knees and letting them drop to the floor and pool around his ankles.
The bellhop was wearing blue briefs, and with a seductive smile up at him Jen pulled them out and away from his hardening cock before pulling them also down his legs to join his pants.
Her eyes opened in wonder and admiration as the bellhop's cock was exposed.
Jen had read from several magazines the average man's penis was a little over five inches; however, in the last several weeks she had not come across one under at least eight inches.
As the bellhop's semi-hard cock bobbed in front of her she was staggered to see it was at least nine inches in length and fatter than even Mr. DeWight's cock—and not yet even fully erect!
"My you are a big one," she said to him as she reached up and stroked the amazingly fat cock.
Adding to her surprise was the obvious display of his uncircumcised state, the reddened slit of his cock peeking out of his foreskin, daring her to come get it. Jen had never seen an uncircumcised cock in person, watching mesmerized as the head of his cock slipped in and out from the hooded flesh as she moved her hand back and forth.
Her mouth again watered in anticipation as she looked up at the bellhop, smiling again at his shocked expression.
Unable to hold back any longer, she opened her mouth and took the hardening flesh into her mouth.
A loud hiss of air came from the bellhop's mouth as she began vigorously sucking his cock. After having sucked off five other men repeated throughout the evening, she did not start slow, instead rapidly moving her head back and forth as the fat fleshy member glided in and out from between her lips, the sensation of his foreskin rubbing and sliding across her lips enticingly foreign.
Steadying herself with her left hand on the young man's hip, she caressed her body with her other hand, moving it down her body as she began squeezing her breast.
Jen groaned around the grossly large cock in her mouth, the added sensation of his foreskin across her lips and tongue a tremendous turn-on, as was her own lewd and depraved actions.
Rapidly sucking him and touching herself ignited her previous uncontrolled lust, her head moving quickly back and forth as she sucked the man's cock, falling into a steady rhythm.
Within no time the bellhop's cock was hard as a steel pipe in her mouth. Turned on even more, Jen began slamming his cock deeper and deeper into her mouth. Almost losing her balance, she returned both hands to the man's hips as she loosened her throat, suddenly forcing her head forward as she took the uncut cock deeper and deeper into her mouth. As the head of the man's dick repeatedly hit the back of her throat Jen continued pushing forward, relaxing her throat and holding back her gag complex as she slammed the cock completely into her throat.
In the back of her mind she comprehended being at the wrong angle to take such a large cock into her throat fully, but gave herself an 'A' for effort as she took as much as she could until her nose almost brushed against the man's pubic hair time and time again.
Jen was smashing her head forward, taking the cock into her mouth and forcing it deep within her throat recklessly. Once again her right hand reached down, this time completely ignoring her breasts as she began rapidly fingering her clit.
Her moans were accompanied and contorted by the staccato sounds of the cock roughly invading her pharynx, the room echoing with the obscene gagging and grunting sounds of the hard appendage forcibly slamming in and out of her wetted throat.
Jen was moving so forcibly she had no time to swallow the frothing saliva within her mouth, her spit continuing to leak into her mouth and lubricate the member. As her throat was continuously blocked by the bellhop's dick, the excess froth began to spill from her mouth, pouring down her chin and on to her breasts and thighs and the floor as she wildly face-fucked him.
Jen could feel the cock hardening even more within her mouth, so pressed even harder against her clit, rapidly stroking her slit as she felt her arousal center upon the small nub against her finger, ready to implode.
Suddenly the bellhop cried out unintelligibly.
At that point two things occurred. The first was the orgasm that had been building up within her body released, surging through her like an electrical current, while her mind shattered in hormonal bliss, totally oblivious to the cock in her mouth, lodged into her very own throat. At the same time the bellhop began to cum, releasing the content of his balls deep within her mouth.
In fact, he not only came, but exploded. The sudden imagery of a garden hose being in her mouth and somebody turning on the spigot full bore came to her as the cock literally erupted within her mouth, his release flooding her oral cavity.
And his second, third, and forth releases were just as copious.
Jen's throat slammed shut in a natural response to her body's convulsions resulting from her own orgasm, so like her frothy spit, his ejaculate having nowhere else to go, the flood of milky release followed the path of least resistance and poured from her mouth.
As Jen's body shuddered from her orgasm, she felt a gush of cum pour down her chin, her neck, and upon her breasts, the warm fluid released from the bellhop as much of an aphrodisiac as the entire depraved act as she continued rapidly fingering herself.
The sensation of the large load pouring across her skin caused her to moan, the sound coming out more as a gurgle. As she slowly gained a little more control of herself she clamped her lips around the cock and began milking it of the rest of its release.
As Jen's orgasm slowly dissipated, she became aware of the bellhop's cock slowly becoming flaccid in her mouth as she enthusiastically cleaned him off.
Eventually she pulled him out of her mouth, giving the head of his cock a kiss, her core clenching in response to the sensation of her lips upon the sensitive member.
As the bellhop pulled up his underwear and pants, Jen stood up, only now feeling the burn in her calves and thighs from being crouched for so long.
"So are you glad you asked for that?" Jen asked with a grin, her post-orgasmic body relaxing after being so intimate with the strange man.
He looked at her in surprise, his face turning red as he told her, "Actually, I was going to ask you for an autograph," he told her.
Jen's eyes opened in bewilderment as he reached down again—this time his hands moving towards his pocket as he pulled out a notepad and pen, holding it out to her.
Her mind shocked at his revelation, she numbly signed the notebook as his cum slowly drooled down her chest as he took the notepad and thanked her "for everything" and left the room.
Only an autograph?
The words echoed in her mind as she heard them over and over.
All he wanted was an autograph and she dropped down in front of him and sucked him off like a complete slut.
And all he wanted was an autograph!
So overcome with the mental trauma of her misunderstanding, Jen sat on the bed. She did not even bother wiping the new coat of semen cooling upon her body as she fell back upon the bed, her mind in turmoil.
Only an autograph! And she had sucked him, deep throated him, literally face-fucked him like a pro.
And then the reality hit her—that was what she was, she had lived up to her DSA Spokesmodel reputation.
She needed a shower, but she first needed calm her nerves and the whirlwind of thoughts within her mind as she closed her eyes, her mind more jumbled than a plate of spaghetti spilled on the floor as she began taking deep breaths to calm herself.
********************
Jen heard her name—or at least, her stripper's name—carrying over a vast distance. She was afloat in a calm space, snug in a cocoon, not wanting to break free of the warm enveloping cloud.
"Diamond! Diamond! Dammit Jen! Wake up!" the voice was saying.
A few moments later she realized it was Velvet's voice coming to her ears as she opened her eyes. As her pupils adjusted from her sleep she focused on the young woman leaning above her as she laid in bed.
"Hey sleepy head, c'mon you're late!" her assistant told her with a smile.
Jen glanced at the clock seeing it was already a quarter after eight.
The time woke her up more than her assistant as she jumped out of bed and yelled, "Oh shit!"
As she stood up and got her bearings she recognized she was in her hotel room—and completely naked. As her mind pushed more of the fog of sleep out of her head and she mentally took stock of herself, she realized her skin was uncomfortably tight.
Looking down, she recognized with horror the numerous splotches of dried white cum on her!
Then she took note of her hair, feeling like she had dumped an entire can of mousse in it. Only deep in the pit of her stomach she knew it had not been mousse.
The night's activities came rushing through her mind—going out dancing, returning to the hotel with Velvet and the guys, and playing their perverted version of Twister, and ultimately having sex with all the guys.
Then her mind flashed to her furious blowjob on the bellhop.
She understood she must have fallen asleep afterwards when she had laid on the bed.
Looking over at Velvet, she saw the woman's eyes large as she looked at her boss's state. "Wow, somebody had a busy night," she said with a grin, as Jen once again caught the stale odor of cum and sex emanating from her body.
"Shit, I need a shower," she said obviously.
"Well hurry up Miss Spokesmodel," Velvet laughed, "Larry couldn't get a hold of you, so called my cell phone. You weren't in the room with the guys—and holy shit did you wear them out!" her assistant said rapidly changing the subject. "They're still dead to the world, all piled together in bed in a tangle of beautiful hunky naked man flesh," she laughed.
Seeing Jen's exasperated expression, she explained, "Christopher and I checked in there first looking for you—it's actually his room," she explained, "but since you took the bigger bed, we settled for Sean's room," she told Jen as she looked at her boss' state of disarray. "What the hell happened?" she asked with a grin.
Jen was already moving hurriedly past her assistant into the bathroom as Velvet followed right behind her. Without a word Jen stepped into the glass shower stall, jumping back as she turned on the water until the spray warmed enough to step into, hurriedly washing herself off.
She did not have time for a thorough or luxurious shower, shamefully conscious of not being able to completely remove all the male discharge on and within her body. Distractedly her mind wondered how long it would take to get six—no, she corrected herself recalling the misunderstanding with the bellhop—seven men's repeated loads of semen off her body.
It would definitely take a longer shower physically, she thought, knowing the mental stain upon her soul would take years, if ever, to wipe clean, pushing such thoughts from her mind for the time being.
After quickly washing her hair, thankful for the smelly shampoo the hotel provided, she stepped out of the shower, thanking Velvet for the hotel robe she put on before toweling dry her hair before going back into the bedroom area and sitting down at the vanity.
Ignoring her assistant's incessant questioning, Jen quickly brushed her hair, hoping Melissa had a make-up kit at the photo-shoot to style her hair. Grabbing her small make-up kit from the counter, she moved quickly into the closet to get something to wear.
Jen glanced back at Velvet seeing the woman wearing a light flowered bandeau top and sarong, so decided on one of the more 'casual' dresses she had been given, choosing a bright yellow micro-mini dress. The dress had a low-cut halter-like top and was mostly backless, with only six straps connecting the top and sides behind her, all meeting and tied to a metallic ring centered on her back.
Slipping on a pair of six-inched, cork-wedged sandals with clear straps, Jen grabbed her make-up kit and left the room, not having said a word while her assistant still hammered her with questions about the night before.
Riding the elevator down, Jen looked at her assistant accusingly. "Why did you leave me alone last night?" she asked the young woman.
Although Jen knew the night's activities were her own fault, a part of her felt if Velvet had left her alone with the men things may have been different.
The young woman explained how after Jen had stripped and laid on the bed, Christopher had grabbed her and pulled her into Sean's room.
"I figured you knew what you were doing, and Christopher and I wanted to be alone," she said apologetically. Then she smiled, saying, "Oh my God did he have stamina," her assistant said blushing. "Although your earlier blowjob did nothing to stop him for spraying me the first five minutes after getting into the room," she laughed.
Looking pointedly at Jen she once again inquired, "And speaking of spraying, what the HELL happened last night?" she asked for the hundredth time.
Trying to put off the inevitable recounting of her night's activities to the inquisitive woman, she instead asked how long the drive was to the shoot site, finding out it would be at least a two-hour drive as the elevator doors opened into the lobby.
Quickly exiting the hotel she earnestly apologized to Larry for her tardiness as she got into the car with Velvet. As the door enclosed them into the vehicle together Jen knew she finally had to confess to her assistant, who looked at her anxiously.
"So who did you end up with?" Velvet asked with anticipation.
Jen looked at the woman with her one of her eyebrows raised.
"ALL of them?" Velvet said with surprise. "Oh my God, you slut!" she said jokingly, although Jen had to agree with the comment.
Slowly she told her assistant what happened, at least as far as she could remember.
Although she attempted to gloss over everything that occurred, Velvet was incessant about details, often interrupting her to ask about one of the guys' length, or how they moved, where the other men were or what they were doing, and so forth.
At first Jen was embarrassed confessing to committing such depraved acts, but her assistant was not condemning, in fact she genuinely impressed Jen could handle so many men at once.
When describing the moment of her eventual facial by Sean and Steve Velvet said, "Oh crap, yeah, I've had that shit in my eye before," she said with understanding. "Burns like hell. No wonder your eye is red," she laughed.
"It is?" Jen said with horror, looking around for a mirror. In her rush to get ready she had not even noticed her complexion in the hotel room.
Her assistant assured her some Visine would get rid of the inflammation, pulling out a bottle form her purse and handing it to her.
Thanking her, Jen proceeded to confess everything, including her misunderstanding with the bellhop, which the young woman found hilarious.
"I don't think I've ever heard of somebody getting an 'accidental' blowjob," her assistant teased. "So what did it feel like having a cock in every hole?" Velvet asked openly.
Although embarrassed, Jen admitted it had felt wonderful, being completely filled and stuffed by three men had been an incredible sensation.
Eventually after Jen finished relating what happened they settled into a quiet, companionable silence, each dozing off as Larry drove them to the site of the next photo-shoot.
After the depraved evening Jen was not concerned about the photo-shoot, particularly since Melissa had mentioned it was with another female model. She was thankful it would not be a sexual scene, particularly in light of what happened only hours earlier.
As Jen drifted in and out of sleep, her mind continued to be flooded with her own questions and feelings of horror and abject humiliation from the night before, as well as her feelings of arousal and lust.
Not only had she behaved like a wanton slut—offering herself up to almost half a dozen men's use—but she had also betrayed Dan. At the time she had accepted and even urged for everything to happen, so caught up in her body's reaction; however, now in the light of day she was appalled at her behavior and her body's response. It was one thing to be bound to her contract and forced into sex due to the legal ramifications of her contract, but this had just been 'a night out.' It was a night out with friends, or at least co-workers, which had turned into a crude, filthy, and depraved gangbang.
The phrase about being ridden hard—in every orifice her mind added with dismay—and put away wet returned to her thoughts, used as nothing but a receptacle for the men to slate their lust upon.
Dozing in and out of sleep, her mind unwillingly replayed the night's events over and over, from kissing Velvet to displaying herself before the men and what occurred afterwards, as well as her ultimately and willingly giving the bellhop a blowjob—which he had not even intended!
Her thoughts and conscience were filled with sex, a mixture of arousal and humiliation, excitement and dismay, and all other assorted combinations of emotions filled her body as she slept.
By the time Larry woke them up, arriving at their destination, Jen was mortified to awaken wholly aroused, her body in a state of horniness almost as bad as the earlier evening's craving.
Larry got out and opened the door for both women, and as Jen got out of the car she saw him watching her intently. As her pulse sped up, a warmth spread deep within her stomach as she wondered if she had done or said anything in her sleep to betray her earlier depravity.
Her chauffer's face broke into a lecherous grin as heat again flooded between her legs, the thrill of excitement running through her body. Her mind recoiled in shame as she wondered how she could have any more pent up desire after the night before. She had participated in a gangbang, used repeatedly by five men. If anything she should have had enough sex to last months, and here she was responding lewdly to the simple stare of her chauffer.
Looking around to take her mind off such thoughts she saw they were in front of an antiquated building, a large sign revealing it to be the San Diego Museum of Man.
"San Diego?" she asked questioningly to both Velvet and Larry.
"This is where I was told to take you ma'am," the man said, his eyes never leaving Jen's torso.
Once again Jen's body responded to his stare, the thin yellow material of her dress feeling almost constricting as it stretched across her breasts. Glancing down, she was ashamed to see her hardening nipples flagrantly sticking out from beneath her dress, silently wishing she had brought a sweater or shawl to cover herself.
Without any recourse to hide her body's obvious reaction, she turned away from the man's leering stare and followed Velvet to the entrance of the building.
Stepping up to the main doors, they saw the entrance was roped off with orange construction tape, a large sign reading 'Closed for Renovations, Reopening Monday' hanging on the doors.
Jen and Velvet were uncertain what to do, looking at each other enquiringly when suddenly one of the side doors opened revealing Christopher. As he saw them—particularly Velvet—his face lit up with a smile.
"Melissa said Larry called to let us know you arrived and to let you in. Come in, come in!" he told them, greeting Velvet with a deep kiss which her assistant returned wholeheartedly.
Seeing the two embrace Jen again felt her body heat up, aghast she could even become aroused at somebody else's affection. She should be happy for her assistant instead of wanting to feel her man's lips against her own, her body melding with him.
Literally shaking her head as if the physical act could get rid of her thoughts, she followed the couple through the side door.
Once inside, Jen saw they were in the main museum proper, the area surrounded by glass-encased exhibits. Half of the lights were turned off, giving the museum an eerie feeling as the two women followed Christopher past the front exhibits. Jen looked inquisitively at some of the displays, a lot of it pottery and ancient tools used by tribal people from Alaska, Canada, and even North America.
"FUCK!" they heard the distinct voice of the female photographer echo from deeper inside the building.
"She's on a warpath today," Christopher said to their questioning looks as he guided them further back into the building.
As they made their way down a long hallway and past the exhibits, Jen asked how they could get a photo-shoot inside a museum.
Christopher smiled, telling them, "One of the curators is friends with Melissa and allowed her be here all day for the shoot. The museum is undergoing renovations and Melissa had planned for nobody to be here today and have the museum all to ourselves; however, the construction workers are off schedule and still here," he said.
As if to confirm his statement a loud buzzing sound echoed through the building as a saw or some other heavy equipment ran, the sound travelling throughout the entire building.
Hearing another cuss from the photographer whose voice was closer now, he continued, "Unfortunately, nothing is going right today," he told them as they followed him into a room lined with Egyptian artifacts. "First we arrived to find the workers still here, then Melissa dropped her favorite camera while we were unpacking so has to use her spare. Then as I was testing the lights two of them burnt out and neither Melissa or I have any spares, mainly because they are two of the older lights we use and bulbs are hard to come by," he said dejectedly. "Anyways, nothing is going right today, so just warning you," he told them, guiding them further into the museum.
As they walked into a large room, they saw Melissa on her cell phone as Christopher added, "And now the other model who was going to be in the shoot with Diamond is late," he said.
"Make that not coming in at all," Melissa said as she threw down her cell phone angrily. "Goddamn fucking shit," the woman said as she gave Jen a quick hug and greeting. "I had these big plans of an archeologist scene—think sexy Tomb Raider—unearthing the Egyptian goddess of Love. And now we're down to a spare camera, two of my best and brightest lights burned out, and minus one fucking model," the photographer said.
Taking a deep breath, the photographer smiled wanly at Jen. "At least our star model is here, and this is your photo-shoot, not hers," she said in way of her own consolation, "but Mr. DeWight really wanted a girl-girl scene," she said, "and the bastard will probably dock my pay as if it were my fault. Fucking airlines," she spat.
The thought of having a photo-shoot with another woman sent a thrill through Jen's body as she recalled her other photo-shoots, each one involving her orgasming in front of the camera. First her solo session had ended up with her masturbating with a large black dildo, then her session with a male model which had been scheduled to be nothing but simulated sex had ended up with him fucking her, and now a 'girl-on-girl' scene.
She had not thought of this photo-shoot being sexual, thinking she would only be posing with another woman, but then she realized to everybody else she was a porn star, so it was likely all her sets were going to be of a sexual nature. It was the first time she had thought about it, knowing she had signed her contract and was expected to star as a porn star, the reality only now hit her. Instead of being upset, she felt her body flush with anticipation as all sorts of sordid thoughts ran through her head. She wondered what a double female shoot would have entailed, both disappointed and glad it would only be herself.
"Have you called the corporate office?" Christopher asked, bringing her back to the here and now as she looked at the others. "There has to be somebody there today," he asked his boss.
"Tried that. Everybody's flying out today or unavailable, fucking Friday's," she muttered. "Besides, we're a couple hours away. By the time we got ahold of somebody it would already be too late," she said, raising her voice as another burst of construction noise filled the room.
"Steve and Tom are in town," Christopher suggested, naming two of the men Jen had met—and slept with—last night. "We met up with them last night," Christopher offered. "I know they didn't have anything going on until the party and were flying out tomorrow," he told his boss.
Jen felt her body flush at the mention of two of the men she had 'met up with' the night before, also wondering if 'the party' was her debut party. It made sense other DSA employees would be at the party, but she had not thought about it beyond Mr. DeWight telling her she was performing a dance set.
She thought about the other men. Her mind flashed back to Steve vigorously fucking first her face, then the rest of her body. He had been the most aggressive of the men and she remembered the uncontrollable orgasms which had flooded her body as he used her to his own satisfaction, his cock slamming into her without any regard towards her as a person.
Thinking about what happened last night she felt her nipples once again hardened. Embarrassed and hoping nobody noticed her body's reaction, she forced her attention back to the discussion.
"If we knew about it beforehand it might have been possible," Melissa was saying, "but it's already eleven and again, by the time they got a ride down here it would still be too late," she said with regret. "Anyways, accounting only approved of a single female model, so I only have one check," she said with a shrug. "You know how they are with the insurance and shit," she told Christopher. "We'd be able to substitute another female model, but not a guy," she finished.
"What about Velvet?" the young man said tentatively, everybody looking at him in surprise.
"What!" Jen's assistant exclaimed as the photographer echoed her statement, albeit more quietly.
"I said, why not Velvet," Christopher repeated. "She has a killer body," he said with a grin, not adding the 'I've seen it myself' but implying it with his looks.
"I'm not a model," Velvet said in response.
"Nonsense," the photographer said, her face lighting up at the possibility. "Christopher is right, you could definitely fill in—that is, if you don't mind?" she asked.
"Hey, I'm not a model either," Jen told the young woman, "and I would feel more comfortable with you than some stranger," she added, stating the truth.
"Great!" the photographer exclaimed happily as if the decision was made. "All you need to do is follow Diamond's direction. She's the main focus of the shoot anyways, so you are more or less background. Half the time the camera will not even be on you," she said happily.
"You are so in for it," Velvet told Christopher with a fake angry expression.
The young man laughed. "I certainly hope so," he grinned, "and maybe you can borrow the outfit Melissa has picked out for you when you do give it to me," he winked at her, deftly moving away from the slap her assistant half-heartedly waved at him.
While Christopher finished setting up the lights, Melisa took them into another room where a mobile make-up table was already set up, surrounded by two suitcases of clothes, shoes, and other props. She once again explained the scene was going to be some sort of archeological thing and ancient Egypt, showing the girls what to wear and then leaving them to get dressed, heading back into the main room to get ready for the shoot.
"I'm going to fuck something up," Velvet said as shimmied off her dress after laying out her outfit—a pair of cargo shorts, a black bikini-like halter top, utility boots, and a tool belt very similar to the Lara Croft movies.
Jen could not help but admire her assistant's nude body as she too prepared to get dressed. Looking at her assistant's well-toned body, caused from dancing at the club for the past year, she answered, "Bah! Melissa is right, all you have to do is follow her direction, it's easy," she said with a smile, trying to hide her own trepidation. "And I do appreciate it, misery loves company," she laughed as she picked up the bundle Melissa told her was her outfit.
At first she could not discern what the outfit was, holding nothing but a bunch of loose, thin metallic cloth and beads, let alone how she would be wearing it. Gradually, as she laid out each piece separately, she comprehended what the outfit was comprised of, finally slipping out of her own dress and shoes.
She felt uncomfortable being practically naked in such a public place, even though there was only Velvet in the room. Again her thoughts on environment and mindsets came back to her as she tried to get her mind off her nakedness and focused on the clothes Melissa had brought for her to wear.
The top of the outfit was a bandeau halter top made up of nothing but a dense row of long beaded strands. Holding it up and running her hands through top, the light catching the jade, onyx, turquoise, and emerald colored beads, Jen knew she was basically topless. Although the strands of beads were dense, the moment she leaned forward they would hang in front of her exposing her breasts. The lack of material did not bother her, having danced topless for years, but it once again reaffirmed her earlier thoughts about photo-shoots between models and porn actresses.
The ankle-long skirt would also be more decoration on her body than covering as she held it up as well, the skirt made up of nothing more than two long flaps of diaphanous cloth to cover her front and back, reminding Jen of a long loincloth. The skirt was composed of a thin gold lame material, which would do nothing to hide her body as she looked at her hand held behind the material.
The complete outfit looked more like something an exotic belly dancer would wear than an Egyptian goddess.
Also part of the outfit was a large collection of rings, bracelets, arm bands, leg bands, as well as a jet black straight-haired wig with bangs, the wig heavily intertwined with numerous bead extensions matching the top of the outfit. The wig was very much what Jen expected on an Egyptian woman, actually thankful for the wig, as her hair was a mess—not having time to do anything but wash and brush it earlier.
It was then Jen realized there were no undergarments, not even a thong to go beneath the sheer gossamer skirt.
Sighing in resignation, she put the outfit on, first draping the skirt around her hips and then, with Velvet's assistance, the top.
As she suspected, the heavily beaded top covered her breasts if she stood still; however, any movement caused them to separate and reveal her breasts, separating apart to show off her areolae like a stage curtain. Bending over the strands of beads fell forward in a cascade of color, exposing her breasts completely as they hung parallel to each other.
The skirt actually covered more than she suspected, as when she walked, the long wedge of cloth folded upon itself, making the diaphanous material less transparent; however, knowing this was a still photo-shoot, Jen doubted there would be much walking.
Jen was less concerned about her breasts being revealed than her lower half, once again recalling Mr. DeWight's comment about her needing to be comfortable with being naked in her new role.
Once in the outfit she sat down at the make-up counter and put on the wig before slipping the various rings on both her fingers and toes, along with the other accoutrements on her upper and lower arms, as well as a golden beaded belly chain. By the time she was done, she speculated her jewelry covered more of her body than her actual clothing.
Finally she put on the gold flat sandals she found in the suitcase, winding the long straps up her calves in a crisscross pattern to her knees.
Completely dressed she stood up, surprised to hear a whistle behind her. Turning around, she was embarrassed to find her assistant looking at her admirably.
"Wow, that outfit looks fantastic on you!" Velvet exclaimed.
Jen blushed, commenting the same to her assistant. Velvet's outfit made her resemble a version of Lara Croft from the Tomb Raider movies—although a much sluttier, sexier version. The woman's firm, surgically enhanced breasts were barely contained in the black string bikini top she was wearing, and the camouflaged cheeky boy shorts she wore showed as much of her ass as they covered. Also the shorts were so tight they did nothing to hide every curve and crevice of the woman's body, her prominent 'camel toe' seen even at Jen's distance.
After getting dressed they put on their make-up.
Velvet helped Jen put on a dark mascara and eye liner. "All the Egyptian movies I've seen the girls have their eyes blackened almost looking like they had black eyes," she told her as Jen finished by applying a deep red lipstick, again suggested by Velvet.
Jen also helped Velvet braid her hair, making a single long braid pulled over her shoulder, inspired from the Tomb Raider movies. Afterwards, Velvet put on a light blush and lipstick, saying the contrast between them would be something Melissa would appreciate.
"Besides, you're the whore goddess," she laughed with Jen.
"Excuse me, goddess of Love," Jen reminded her with a mocked snooty voice, laughing with her assistant.
"Not in that outfit you aren't," she grinned.
Jen looked at herself in the mirror and had to agree with her assistant. Although she was technically wearing clothes, she might as well have been naked as the thin golden material tied around her waist did little to hide her body, while her nipples and breasts continued to peak out from the beaded top and the strings of beads fell off to the sides and middle of her prominent breasts.
Finally finished getting ready, they stepped out of the room into the main area. The photographer turned around at the sound of Velvet's heavy boots echoing through the room and gawked at them both, saying, "Oh my God, you both look fantastic! Better than I even thought," she told them, praising them both not only in how their costumes fit, but their choices in make-up.
Jen looked around and saw Christopher watching them intently. At first she thought the man's eyes were on Velvet, knowing the two had spent the night together. All Velvet had talked about in the limousine ride was how he may be a keeper, and she knew the young couple had hit it off from the start. But as Melissa and Velvet moved away from her—Melissa describing what to expect about the photo-shoot to her assistant—Jen realized his eyes were completely focused upon her.
Jen was suddenly extremely cognizant on the transparency of her skit and it revealing naked body, as well as how her breasts were fully exposed with each movement as the beaded top fell about her torso.
The knowledge of Christopher seeing her body so exposed—and his obvious interest—caused her blood to rush through her and redden her skin. But it was not in embarrassment she was feeling, but another sensation—one she had become all too aware of lately—her desire pulsing through her body.
Although Velvet and he had just met, Jen still felt he was 'Velvet's man' and off-limits. And even though he had seen her naked the night before—and had even been sucked off by her—his focused stare upon her fed her growing lust as her heart fluttered within her chest and images of him performing depraved acts upon her ran through her mind.
Barely aware of her own actions, Jen tilted her hips slightly, sticking out her chest further as she unconsciously posed for him.
It was not until he grinned at her, the knowledge of her body's involuntary response to his look apparent upon his face that Jen realized what she had done.
What was happening to her, she thought for perhaps the millionth time since this whole predicament began. Merely a simple look from a man—one whom a friend of hers was interested in no less—was causing her to behave like a wanton slut. The way her heart was fluttering, her pulse racing, she wondered at her body's reactions.
She had danced topless for years, and although she had gotten excited and even slightly aroused at men's looks, she had never become as horny as this, that merely the look of a man caused her to heat up and almost wet herself in wanton desire!
Jen wondered if Mr. DeWight's blatant exploitation of her was possibly conditioning her body into being a porn star. Like Pavlov's dogs, was merely the heated look of a man causing her body to become sexually exited? Surely such a thing could not happen in less than a couple weeks—that her very own morals and her commitment to her fiancé could be removed by a stranger's look? And yet she could not deny how she had behaved like a wanton slut, not only at the club and before the FBI agents, but even her first solo photo-shoot, and then with Sean, and the depraved gangbang she participated in last night, giving herself to a group of guys like a crazed nymphomaniac.
And now here she was getting aroused by a man one of her friends liked—and had in fact already slept with—merely at him looking at her body.
Christopher again smiled lecherously at her as if reading her thoughts, his blatant gaze like a heat lamp upon her body as she felt her breasts tighten and her nipples get as hard as the beads surrounding them from her top.
To her relief Melissa called out to her where her and Velvet were discussing the scene, so Jen turned away from the lighting assistant and joined the other two women, embarrassed realize as she walked over to the two women her slit was wet.
Thankful for the diversion, she listened as Melissa again explained a friend of hers was a curator at the museum, "There are Mayan and Aztec exhibits here as well," she told the girls, "but only having one day, I chose the Egyptian setting for the photo session."
Once again the museum erupted in a loud buzzing and hammering, the photographer face furrowing in anger as she paused, waiting until the loud sounds faded before continuing.
"We were supposed to have the museum to ourselves, but sadly that is not the case. The renovations fell behind and I had the choice of working around them or canceling the shoot entirely. Since we're not filming and can work around the noise, I figured we can live with the noise," she lamented. Looking at Jen she said, "Diamond, you are going to play the goddess Hathor, who is the goddess of Love. We'll start out with you laying in that sarcophagus," she told her pointing over to an Egyptian tomb. "Velvet will be the archeologist discovering your resting place after all these centuries," she explained to them.
Melissa and the girls walked over to the sarcophagus and Jen expressed her reluctance in laying in the casket—not because of what it was or that it may have been the final resting place of somebody, but merely the idea of touching such a historical artifact.
Melissa assured her as long as they did not break anything they could do as they pleased. "This isn't the first time I've used this museum for a shoot," she explained, "and Richard, my curator friend, has been very accommodating."
As Jen laid down into the large tomb Melissa directed Velvet how to walk towards her. "Remember, this is a sexy scene, so strut a bit, and stick out your tits and ass. Imagine you are on stage at the club and this is just another set," the photographer explained.
Jen heard the familiar clicking sounds of the camera as the photographer took a few pictures of her assistant, although she could not see much within the clay tomb. Eventually Melissa moved closer to her and began instructing her how to lay, arranging her hair and her top until she was satisfied and took a few pictures.
"Good, now Diamond, when Velvet bends over to you I want you to slowly open your eyes and smile alluringly at her. You are the goddess of Love, you have been asleep for centuries so you are awakening with a hunger. You are going to seduce the innocent explorer," the photographer explained.
Jen waited and closed her eyes as the photographer instructed Velvet to lean over her, Melissa standing on a small step ladder on the other side of the casket, taking pictures while she directed them.
Following Melissa's direction, Jen opened her eyes and smiled at her assistant. As Melissa guided them both, she slowly sat up and took Velvet's hand, standing up and stepping out onto the dais the sarcophagus was on, slowly walking down the steps and leading her to a nearby altar exhibit.
Melissa had them pause several times, readjusting Jen's top or Velvet's hair for a particular shot before guiding them along.
As they reached the altar the photographer cussed and both girls looked at her.
Melissa looked embarrassed as she said, "Shit, I forgot to ask this earlier, but Velvet, would you mind if Diamond kissed you? I don't want you to do anything you are not comfortable with, but this is a scene of seduction. You are being overpowered by the goddess of seduction herself, but I want you to feel comfortable. I know you dance at the local club so knew nudity would not be a problem, but I completely forgot to ask you about physical intimacy with Diamond," she said in apology.
The three women's attention was drawn to Christopher who laughed out loud. "If last night was any indication, I don't think she'll mind," he said, bobbing his eyebrows at Velvet with a smile.
Velvet smiled back shaking her head at the man's statement before telling the photographer, "No, I don't mind," she said, agreeing with the lighting assistant's comment. "Another woman I might feel uncomfortable with, but I'm fine with Jen—er, Diamond," she said, smiling at the slip.
Mr. DeWight had a strict company-wide policy that all the women who had stage names be called such while working. He said it was to keep the personal life and stage life separate, but Jen began to suspect it was more conditioning for the girls to be more in the mindset of being a stripper or actress when identified with their stage name than out of any work-life balance—something she knew Mr. DeWight could care less about.
"Good," Melissa was saying. "So Diamond, I want you to move and sit upon the altar and kiss Velvet, and then go with the flow. Again, you are the goddess of love and seduction. You are going to overpower her sexually, each of you stripping down to my direction and we will take it from there," she told her before turning to Velvet. "Velvet, stop whenever you feel uncomfortable. Diamond is the center of this shoot, so although you are in it we can work around anything you feel uncomfortable doing," she told the woman.
Jen was painfully aware Melissa had not asked HER how she felt about kissing Velvet. In fact, the woman assumed she would go as far as she told her to go without any question. Recalling her last photo-shoots, as well as what was expected from her in her contract, Jen could understand the reasoning, but it made her feel more like a commodity or something on display rather than a person who had feelings and emotions.
Melissa began shooting again, so Jen looked at Velvet and seeing her assistant's smile, leaned in for a kiss. At first she planned on giving a simple lip-to-lip kiss, but as their lips touched and she felt the warm, soft, damp flesh against her own lips, Jen could not help herself as she pulled Velvet closer for a more sensual kiss, her tongue sliding between the other woman's lips and entering her hot mouth.
Diamond's body immediately heated with a return of her arousal, her nipples again hard as she let out a soft moan as Velvet's body relax within her arms, pressing into her body. Her kiss deepened as she realized her assistant was feeling a similar response, their tongues dancing within their mouths.
She and Velvet continued kissing for several minutes until, at Melissa's direction, she slowly pulled back. Even as their faces were separated their tongues were still entwined, the photographer taking several pictures of them joined only by their tongues, holding the camera inches from their faces. Their tongues played with each other for several moments before neither of them could stand it any longer, simultaneously moving back into each other as their mouths once again met.
Diamond's hands began moving across Velvet's body, and reaching her breasts, gently began massaging the other woman's mammary tissue. Her arousal intensified even more as they kissed and she felt the other woman up as the camera continued clicking around them, Melissa silent as she let the girls direct the scene.
Finally, wanting to feel more, Diamond slid her hand beneath the material of Velvet's top, her palm gliding over the woman's warm skin until she felt the hardened nub of Velvet's nipple rasp against her palm. As Velvet moaned and without direction from the photographer other than a quiet "That's good, keep going," Diamond slid the material away from Velvet's breast.
Only then did she pull back from their kiss, immediately lowering her mouth to the other woman's exposed breast.
Velvet let out a soft gasp as Melissa urged them on, continuing to tell them to go with the flow, to let their desires out.
Diamond did exactly that, taking first one of Velvets breasts, then the other into her mouth, engulfing the tip of each. Velvet moaned above her as she suckled her assistant, gently biting on her nipples to the accompanying gasps above her.
In almost a repeat of last night's activities, Diamond lost all track of time as she teased, licked, and sucked the other woman's breasts, her own desire fueled uncontrollably. The only thoughts in her mind were pleasing the person in her arms, not caring if they were male or female as she continued her slow seduction.
Then it was Velvet's turn. Following Melissa's instructions, Diamond gasped as Velvet's hot mouth engulfed first one, then the other of her breasts, the beaded top doing nothing to prevent her assistant's oral assault.
Suddenly she let out a cry of pleasure, the cry echoing through the museum even louder than the construction equipment earlier, as Velvet's teeth clamped down upon her nipple, giving her the same attention and assault she had given earlier.
As Diamond relished in the sensations of the woman caressing and fondling her torso, she opened her eyes. Barely aware of her surroundings, Diamond's eyes suddenly strayed to Christopher standing behind Melissa. Looking at him she saw his mouth opened, his breathing shallow as he lustfully watched her and Velvet make out. As her assistant bit down once again upon her nipple, Diamond gasped and looked longingly at Christopher, noticing the prominent bulge of an erection through his pants, the material tenting forward. Diamond could not help but smile at him, the knowledge of his erection being caused by her filling her mind as she pulled Velvet's head up, their lips once again meeting.
Diamond had read excerpts from other models who stated photo-shoots were extremely impersonal. In fact, she had read most porn-actresses did not even become stimulated during their sex scenes. Instead, their minds became detached from what they were doing, to the point where they could care less what was happening. One girl interviewed said she had once had a magazine held above her out of way of the camera so she could have something to do during a sex scene!
She had even seen it herself in a couple porno movies her and Dan had watched, where they both had commented how detached the woman behaved with her partner.
Such was not the case with her, she realized, as her body became completely engulfed with desire, wanting more and more of her assistant. As their bare breasts rubbed against each other, their tongues locked and dancing deep within their mouths, Diamond could feel nothing but lust, desire, and passion.
It had been the same with her photo-shoot with Sean; once things had progressed to the point where he had penetrated her, Diamond had become completely caught up in the sex, not caring about the cameras or people around her, completely absorbed in the sexual act.
In the back of her mind she recalled Dan once commenting how he loved when she lost herself in what he called her 'Sex Zone,' a mental state where she was one-hundred-and-ten percent absorbed in their love making. He had joked about how the house could be falling apart around them in flames and she would not even be aware of them, so immersed in the act of sex to care.
These were brief thoughts as she slowly stripped her assistant of first her halter, and then slid her shorts off, laying the young woman down onto the altar like a sacrifice. Vaguely conscious of Melissa's direction, Diamond slowly and sensuously climbed onto the stone altar, laying on top of Velvet and kissing her deeply.
Once again she lost all track of time as she made out with her assistant, their flesh touching and feeling like fire upon their skin.
Eventually she once more broke away from their kiss and again moved slowly down to her assistant's breasts, spending several minutes again suckling her before moving down further, first to her stomach, and finally the cleft of flesh between her legs.
Somebody handed her a pillow—probably Christopher, as the sounds of the camera continued to echo throughout the room—and as Velvet lifted her hips, Diamond slide it beneath her.
Then, without any hesitation, she lowered her mouth to the glistening folds between her assistant's legs.
So caught up with her lust, Diamond did not waste time teasing as her tongue speared between the soft folds of flesh, groaning with Velvet as she immediately tasted the tangy sweetness of the other woman's arousal.
Diamond had once experimented with a girlfriend during high school, but it was a clumsy, half-hearted attempt as each wondered what the fuss about eating somebody out. It had been nothing to write home about and she had never thought about being with a woman again.
Such was not the case now as Diamond moaned and eagerly lapping at the other woman's slit like a cat drinking milk, or more like a person out in the desert finally being given a drink of water.
She briefly thought of Velvet having been with Christopher early this morning, the thought of the lighting assistant's cock driving into Velvet's pussy turning her on even further as she began sucking, hoping to taste the man's cum within her assistant's body.
Diamond was vaguely aware of Melissa directing Velvet to massage her own breasts, too focused on the delicious feast before her as her mouth assaulted her assistant's pussy, her tongue lapping across Velvet's clit and causing the woman's hips to thrust further into her face.
She continued her oral onslaught, completely focused upon her oral assault when suddenly her mouth was flooded with a wave of sweet fluid as Velvet came, the young woman's body shaking uncontrollably as she laid on the altar and Diamond continued to flick her clit with her tongue. Velvet's cries of release echoed through the room as her orgasms erupted in wave after wave as Diamond continued eating her out, until Velvet finally became so sensitive she pushed Diamond's face away from her.
Then it was Diamond's turn, as Melissa instructed them to change places.
Without any direction from the photographer Diamond began massaging her own breasts as soon as she laid down upon the stone, now warmed from Velvet's body. She began tweaking her nipples as her body undulated, eager for Velvet to touch her.
Suddenly she let out a scream of desire as something hard was inserted into her core, her mind barely comprehending it as a vibrator as the buzzing and rapid sensations of the device entered her wet folds and plunged into her canal.
Then she began yelling repeatedly as Velvet began moving the device in and out of her, moaning uncontrollably as Velvet fucked her with the sex toy.
Without direction Diamond began moving her hips in rhythm to Velvet's motion of the device in and out of her as she continued moaning, her vocal cries of pleasure urging her assistant on.
Diamond's hips suddenly jerked as her assistant's tongue unexpectedly stroked her clitoris, continuing to flick across her hooded button while the buzzing, pulsating sex toy continued moving in and out of her vagina.
She was close to an orgasm when Melissa told her to roll over and get on her hands and knees.
Without hesitation Diamond complied, while Melissa took several photos of Diamond's face and body before moving behind her, the camera's non-stop clicking barely heard in the room over her moans of pleasure.
On her hands and knees, her skirt draping down in front of her, she was aware of Velvet moving the other half of her skirt around her hips. Then Diamond cried out, her back arching and her head thrown back as her mouth opened wide in a scream of lust as Velvet plunged the vibrator into her.
"Fuck me!" she heard herself cry out as Velvet complied, moving the vibrator in and out of her, only faster this time, matching her thrusts to the movement of Diamond's hips and body as she herself impaled her body upon the device.
"Oh God, yes! Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me," Diamond cried over and over.
Velvet barely had to move, Diamond's body rearing back and forth upon the vibrator.
At this angle the device seemed to enter her more fully and Diamond groaned as her body skewered herself over and over on the device. In her sexually heightened state, Diamond was barely aware of her surroundings.
Then she heard a strange male voice, almost across a vast distance say, "Fuck, that bitch is hot!"
Opening her eyes and looking forward, Diamond first saw Christopher across from her, his erection plainly evident within his pants, and without a thought smiled at him in her deranged lust. Then movement behind him grabbed her attention and as she focused her eyes was surprised to see a group of men in jeans and t-shirts, several of them wearing hard hats, watching her. Through her lust-clouded mind she realized the construction works had probably heard her cries of passion, coming to investigate.
So absorbed with her lust as her assistant plunged the vibrator repeatedly into her cunt, Diamond did not even think of being embarrassed, instead stared directly at the men as, still smiling, she moved her body even more exaggeratedly, slamming herself upon the vibrator in Velvet's hands. Within her mind she imagined the men behind her, their cocks entering her repeatedly instead of the vibrator as she rocked her body even faster. Then thoughts of the previous night's gangbang filled her mind as she relentlessly moved her body.
And then her mind exploded and she screamed at the top of her lungs, cumming around the device as Melissa urged Velvet to continue thrusting.
As a multitude of orgasms coursed through her, Melissa guided her down to her arms until she was kneeling with her head down in the pillow somebody had placed in front of her. The cool stone of the altar against her breasts invigorated her as she remained on her knees, her ass held high as she leaned forward.
Melissa continued to guide Velvet's movements as the vibrator plunged repeatedly into Diamond's pussy, triggering yet another wave of orgasms.
Diamond lost all track of time as her body released repeatedly, cumming over and over again. She had never cum continuously for such a long period, forgetting the room, forgetting the construction workers watching her, not even aware when Melissa had her roll back onto her back.
She again another flood of orgasms exploded within her as the vibrator was once again inserted fully into her, remaining as Velvet moved on top of her and their mouths instantly enveloped each other's, their tongues dancing rapidly in their mouths.
As they kissed, Diamond was aware of her vaginal contractions slowly ejecting the vibrator out of her, her body flooded with release upon release as the buzzing device slowly receded from her core while continuing to kiss her assistant.
And then the photo-shoot was over. Jen's body was still completely stimulated, even after all her orgasms. She realized as good as the encounter with Velvet had been, she needed the release of a man inside of her to completely satisfy her lust, her thoughts and eyes immediately turning towards the construction workers.
Realizing the shoot was over, the men erupted in applause.
She heard Christopher tell Melissa and Velvet the men had come in halfway through the shoot and he had told them they could watch if they kept quiet.
Jen was still in a state of bliss as Melissa told her—somewhat jokingly—she should at least acknowledge the men. To Diamond the DSA Spokesmodel it was a perfect idea, so as Velvet got off of her and went to the back room to get dressed, Jen stood up and walked over to the group of men.
As she was met with various expressions of approval, consisting of "That was fucking incredible!" and "Holy shit Diamond, you are even hotter in person!"
Thanking them, she proceeded to pose with them as their friends took pictures with their phones, as well as signing autographs for them—mostly on their tool belts and hard hats.
The fact that she was practically naked was not lost upon the men, but Diamond paid it little heed as she answered a few more questions, signed a few more autographs, and finally bid them farewell as she turned and headed to the back room to change with Velvet.
Looking at the clock Jen realized over several hours had gone by, the session feeling like it had only lasted a few minutes.
As she began to get dressed, the wickedness of how she had behaved overwhelmed her. She had not only done a sex scene with a woman in front of the camera, but had blatantly fucked a vibrator held by her assistant!
"Regrets?" Velvet asked as if sensing the gist of Jen's thoughts.
Jen gave Velvet a hug, shaking her head with a smile. "No, that was incredible," she admitted, "nothing like I imagined," she laughed.
Once again she recalled how other models did not feel anything during a photo-shoot, deciding she preferred to get lost in the moment. Instead of worrying about what was or would happen, she should at least enjoy what was happening. In the back of her mind she wondered if she would be like this for every photo-shoot, losing herself in lust.
Her assistant also laughed, agreeing it was not what she had originally planned. "It WAS fantastic," Velvet whispered to her as they broke their embrace and completed getting dressed.
"I wouldn't mind it happening again," Velvet said shyly as Jen felt her body flush, realizing she had been thinking along the same lines. Looking at the woman Velvet smiled, "Only not with the camera—or audience—this time," she laughed. "Although maybe Christopher could join in?" she said wildly.
Jen's mind flashed back to her earlier thoughts of Christopher, feeling her breasts harden at the thought.
"Or maybe not," Velvet said quietly, interpreting Jen's silence as one of negativity.
Jen smiled, merely saying "We'll see," as they finally exited the room.
"That was incredible!" Melissa told them both as they rejoined her and Christopher, who was packing up the lighting and camera equipment. "In fact, it was better than I had planned!" the photographer exclaimed happily. Looking at Velvet she said, "And Velvet, you are a natural! If you ever want to do another shoot, let me know, I can easily arrange it with Mr. DeWight," she said.
At the mention of Mr. DeWight Jen felt a sudden fear for the other woman, knowing the last thing she needed was to be on the man's radar.
Her relief was evident as Velvet answered, "No thanks, this was great," she told them, "but it was the partner, not the scene that let me act so naturally. I have no interest in this as a living," she said.
"Well, either way you definitely earned the other model's paycheck for the day, so here you go," the photographer said, handing a check to Velvet.
As Velvet looked at the piece of paper her eyes opened wide. "Fifteen hundred bucks!" Velvet exclaimed. "That's more than I make in a week," she said in surprise.
Melissa laughed, telling her it should be more, but Mr. DeWight would be upset paying that much to a non-contracted model, explaining this was a spur-of-the-moment thing.
"Holy crap," the young woman said, looking at Jen. "How much do you get?" she asked.
Jen recalled the twenty-five thousand dollar check Mr. DeWight had given her earlier in the week after only two photo-shoots as she shrugged her shoulders.
She was thankful as the photographer answered. "Diamond gets paid based upon the earnings of the photos," Melissa explained, "so she could make a killing or she could bust out. But being the DSA Spokesmodel, let's just say she makes good money," the photographer winked and laughed.
As the women talked Jen looked around the room, suddenly noticing Larry her chauffeur sitting in a corner. She wondered if he had been there the whole time watching the photo-shoot when he immediately began to smile, answering her unasked question.
Instead of feeling ashamed, once again she felt a thrill of excitement run through her, her mind yet again pondering how she could have had such mind-shattering orgasms and still be turned on by a man's look.
She turned away, trying to focus on helping the photographer and her assistant pack up the equipment until Melissa finally told them her and Christopher could finish the rest of the packing. As such, Velvet and Jen followed Larry out to the car.
Once inside the vehicle the chauffer informed them they would be heading directly to Mr. DeWight's house as he pulled the limousine out of the museum's parking lot.
Jen and Velvet were both silent during the ride, each woman keeping their thoughts to themselves. They both dozed on and off, lulled from their post-orgasmic episodes, their bodies relaxed after the afternoon's photo-shoot.
Jen's mind, when awake, endlessly conjectured why her body was reacting with such intense arousal lately, and while asleep her thoughts were filled with visions of being fucked, sucked, and used over and over again by a crowd of men—many of them construction workers.
The car stopping and Larry's voice speaking within the car woke them both up. Opening her eyes and adjusting to her surroundings, Jen realized her heart was racing, her body tight, and the unmistakable feeling of wetness between her legs evidence of her body's response to her erotic dreams.
Looking around she saw they were at a gate to a driveway, Larry's voice speaking into an intercom announcing their arrival.
As the gates opened and the limousine drove up the long driveway, both Jen and Velvet were amazed.
Mr. DeWight's mansion was huge!
The driveway curved in front of the house—or mansion, she corrected herself, and she looked on in awe at the large building. The mansion was a long red-bricked structure that she estimated had over fifty rooms looking out from the front façade alone. The porch was massive, as long as two limos, with four large Greek-like columns in front which Jen realized were made completely of white marble. After Larry opened the door and they got out, she realized the steps were also made of marble as they walked to the front door.
Reaching the door, they were both startled when it was immediately opened and Jen saw Elsie standing in the doorway.
"It is about time you arrived!" she told them in an obviously nervous voice. "Larry called and told me how you got caught in traffic, so it can't be help, but come in, come in, we need to get you settled and ready for the party," she said anxiously.
As Jen and Velvet entered the building she was once again amazed at the extravagance of the place—a marbled colonnade along each wall interspersed by dark marbled statues, paintings, sculptures, as well as chaise lounges interspersed for people to rest or admire the artwork, and this was just the foyer! To the left was a large dining area with a long table that could have easily seated a hundred people. The table was covered with silver plates, dishes, and glasses as an army of scantily-clad women—apparently the catering crew—piled a various assortment of wines, liquors, hors d'oeuvres, and other food stuffs onto the plates.
The women were all wearing identical 'uniforms' consisting of short black strapless and backless dresses, the fronts exposing plenty of cleavage as the dresses extended down to barely cover the women's asses. As the women moved around the room Jen saw the dresses had obviously been made to not only expose, but flaunt the wearer's butt cheeks whenever they turned and walked. The outfits were adorned with small pink aprons, pink ruffled edges on the top and bottom, as well as a small pink bow between their breasts. In addition, the women were each wore a pink collared necklace, matching pink cuffs, and a pink ruffled garter around their thighs.
However, it was not the skimpy outfits which caught her attention which, although unusual, she somewhat expected from somebody like Mr. DeWight—who owned an adult entertainment company. What caught her eye was noting every woman wore identical pairs of black Louboutin shoes, easily identified by their unique red soles! The price of so many pairs of shoes worn by the army of catering women was staggering.
As Elsie guided them into the main area from the foyer Velvet whispered, "Did you see the shoes!" as Jen nodded, both of them impressed more with the expensive footwear than the artwork surrounding them.
And then their mouths opened again in awe as Elsie took them through two large wooden double-doors into a ballroom. The room was huge—almost the size of an auditorium with two large curved staircases going up on each side to the second floor. Looking around, Jen saw the side they entered was wider than the area leading towards the back of the house where the staircases were, the room almost shaped like a single-cut diamond. The flooring was composed of an intricate pattern of wood buffed and waxed to an impeccable shine. Around them on the walls were similar columns, artwork, and sitting furniture similar to the foyer and she realized the double-doors could be opened and a massive party could extend from the foyer into the ballroom.
But what caught Jen's attention was not the obviously expensive wooden floor, not the movie-worthy twin staircases, or even the gold filigreed furnishings of the room. What immediately drew her gaze was the large U-shaped stage containing a single, two-story tall stripper pole right between the staircases!
"This is where you'll be performing," Elsie said as if finding a thirty-foot stripper pole and stage in the middle of a mansion was an every-day occurrence. "Mr. DeWight has selected your music routine," Elsie continued, as Jen's attention was once again drawn to the well-shaped woman. "I have to be honest, his taste in music is not the best, so in the future I highly recommend you have a complete repertoire of songs for various time lengths—at least up to an hour—so you can dance to your own music," the woman said.
"How many sets will I do tonight?" Jen asked, remembering Mr. DeWight saying there would be at least two sets.
"That also changed," Elsie said with some exasperation, as if Mr. DeWight changing his mind at the last minute was not only common, but one of her pet peeves. "Originally you were planned for only two sets, then Mr. DeWight thought of three," she said. "In the end, he combined his plan for three sets into one, so you only have a single set, but it is a single forty-five minute routine," she explained, looking at Jen as if she were prepared to have Jen lash out at her for such a long set.
Jen shrugged. Although she was completely out of her element with photo-shoots, talking to reporters, or drawing attention to herself within a corporate setting, talking about dancing and planning a routine were completely in her comfort zone. "Not my preference, but I've done long sets before. Any other stipulations on being only on stage, dancing in the crowd, touching people, and so forth?" she asked, having done plenty of parties over the years and knowing what questions to ask. "Also, when can I look at the song set?" she asked.
Elsie's shoulders visibly relaxed and Jen realized the woman had been prepared for an argument. That she could make the older woman's job easier was a bonus to her she thought, hoping she might get on the woman's good graces and possibly learn something incriminating about Mr. DeWight, remembering Elsie had been around since the company was first started.
"Unfortunately, yes," she said vexed, once again showing although working with Mr. DeWight for such a long time, she was not necessarily one hundred percent on his side. "Your outfit is up in the room—it is a simple top-bottom-garter set so there is no problem there—but Mr. DeWight has requested the last three songs be performed nude, so you will have to work that into your routine," the woman said. "As to touching, it is to be expected, in fact, I believe Mr. DeWight wanted to talk to you about that very thing before the party, so I'm sure he will meet up with you then," the woman told her.
At this point and after everything that happened over the week, she merely shrugged. She had already known she would be performing and stripping for this party, and as it was her debut as the DSA Spokesmodel she knew Mr. DeWight would want to show her off as much as he could—so had been expecting the request to dance nude.
A small part of her mind was shocked and upset she could so easily to accept the request to dance nude. Jen had always refused dancing nude, something she had once considered taboo, a line she had never crossed. Now in less than two weeks, she was accepting the request as if it were part of her normal routine. Granted there was little to be accomplished by arguing. In some way—whether force or drugs—Mr. DeWight would have his way, so in this case, the path of least resistance was best. Even so, agreeing to dance nude without a second's pause bothered her on some deep level, as if she had lost a piece of her innocence.
Elsie caught her attention again, breaking her morbid thoughts as the elderly woman guided them up the long curved staircase. Jen saw the pole was about six feet from the top landing of the second floor, Elsie confirming her suspicions telling her the pole had been purposely kept away from the landing so she would not accidentally hit it if she climbed the pole so high.
"Will there be somebody operating the spotlights?" she asked suddenly, her thoughts abuzz about her routine.
"Yes, we figured somebody would need to man them so you were spotlighted the entire time, rather than flooding the stage with lights," she told her.
"And the pole is reinforced at the ceiling?" Jen asked as the older woman nodded.
Velvet looked at her questioningly, but Jen shook her head, indicating she would tell the woman her thoughts later as her mind considered her routine.
"This is your room for the weekend," Elsie said to her as she opened a door to reveal a large bedroom.
"Wow," Velvet said, Jen's mind echoing the woman's astonishment as she looked into the room.
The room was larger than her and Dan's bedroom done in a contemporary style. The main furnishing dominating the room was a large—beyond king-sized—platform bed placed in front of a floor-to-ceiling window which composed most of the back wall of the room, similar to her and Mr. DeWight's offices.
The floor of the room was composed of irregular slate or granite stones, with several plush throw-rugs scattered around the room as well as a small bureau and vanity table, two plush lounge chairs, as well as a small office area complete with a large laptop.
"Unfortunately guests will start arriving in the next hour," Elsie said as her and Velvet looked over the room, "so you won't be able to practice in the ballroom," she explained. Seeing Jen's questioning gaze Elsie smiled, "It is a solid pole," understanding Jen's concern, as she told her, "I tested it myself."
Jen had heard horror stories of girls performing at other venues where there were make-shift, shoddy poles and the girls had not had time to check them out themselves. As embarrassing as such poles were to a dancer, it was more of a health concern, particularly for somebody like Diamond who worked the pole so vigorously. Although she would have liked to have checked out the pole herself, she trusted another dancer's word, and for all the secretarial duties she performed, Elsie moved and had the body of a dancer, knowing the woman had danced for years.
"Your performance is set to begin at nine, so you have a little over two hours to prepare," she told her. "Velvet can show you how to access the corporate network from here where you can find the playlist Mr. DeWight created for your routine," she said. Looking at her assistant Elsie told her, "The files are in the Public Share in the folder labeled 'Diamond Debut Party,'" the woman said to her assistant's nod.
"Also, there is a dance studio at the end of the hall, head down the hall away from the stairs all the way to the end on the left, where you can at least warm up. There is a small pole and stage there where you can at least practice, but again, remember your set is forty-five minutes, so don't over-exert yourself," the woman said, confirming Jen's suspicion the woman was still a dancer at her core.
"Now, if you'll excuse me, I need to oversee the rest of the party," she told them. "If you need anything, pick up any phone in the house and press the pound key, an operator will be able to help you with whatever you need," she said, leaving the two girls alone in the room.
"Operator?" Velvet echoed. "This place is fucking huge and amazing!" she said as Jen nodded her agreement.
"Apparently the porn industry pays well," she muttered as her and her assistant checked out the rest of the room.
While Jen looked outside the large windowed wall at the amazing grotto-like pool below the room, the other woman's loud voice caught her attention.
"Holy shit girl, get your ass in here!" Velvet suddenly exclaimed through an adjacent doorway.
Jen was impressed with the mansion, not only the ballroom and built-in stripper pole, the marbled porch, the artwork and furnishings, the grotto pool below her, as well as the extravagant bedroom; however, she was not prepared for what she beheld next.
She was in a bathroom, obviously only for the particular bedroom she was in, and it was beyond amazing.
The first thing which overwhelmed her was its size—the bathroom was as large as her and Dan's bedroom, and then the extravagance of the washroom hit her.
One half of the bathroom contained a large vanity counter with multiple mirrors and lights and a control panel to dim or brighten the lights to any suitable setting she saw as Velvet played with the dials like a child. Adjacent to the vanity was a small sitting area with two plush chairs as well as an armless chaise lounge. Against the wall on the other side of the sitting area was a humongous porcelain bathtub big enough to fit at least five people. She stared at the tub in amazement, wondering how much water it held and what size of water tank could supply something the size of a children's swimming pool.
The other side of the bathroom consisted of not two, but three sinks, the area having two plush chairs to be able to sit at the counters, as well as a large linen closet. But those were only minor accessories compared to what made up most of the wash room—an immense, spacious walk-in shower. The shower was at least twelve feet long and five feet wide, open to the room except a long glass wall separating it from the rest of the room. Looking into the large shower area she saw it to have multiple showerheads not only from the ceiling, but also the walls, as well as its own independent lighting panel, controlled by a waterproof console within the shower.
Both Jen and Velvet stared at the immense shower area, able to comfortable hold at least six people.
Off to the side at the end of the room was finally the water closet, complete with a full sink, bidet, as well as the toilet.
"This is amazing," Velvet said. Once again Jen had the impression of a kid in a candy store as her assistant moved around touching everything, turning on and off all the lights, pressing every switch, and opening and closing every drawer and cabinet.
Jen laughed at her assistant's inquisitiveness before finally telling her, "Come on, I need to see what shitty songs Mr. DeWight has picked and what obscene outfit he has chosen to dance in," she said not entirely in jest as she exited the ostentatious bathroom, her assistant reluctantly following.
Once again walking into the bedroom, she noticed a garment box sitting on one of the chairs which she had missed earlier, her attention taken up by the room itself.
Opening the box, she found, as she suspected, her outfit for her routine. On top of the clothing was a pair of seven-inched heeled white platform sandals, and Jen was happy to see the Pleasure name on the sole, having a pair of Adore shoes exactly like this as well as several other colors
"At least Mr. DeWight knows his shoes," she said.
"I know," said Velvet from the computer, "did you see all those 'Loubies,'" she said, referring to the female caterers earlier.
Jen nodded and placed the shoes on the bed as she moved aside the tissue paper in the box to reveal her outfit for her performance. As Elsie said, the clothes were a standard lingerie set consisting of a pink and white laced underwire push-up bra with a front clasp, white G-string panties, a white with pink flowered garter set, white stockings, and a white and pink ruffled flouncy diaphanous skirt. To go over everything was a long front tie white and pink laced robe which Jen had to stand up to hold completely.
"That robe is going to be a bitch to dance in," Velvet said from over her shoulder.
Jen had to agree. Typically dancing with anything hanging below the waist was an ingredient for trouble when working the pole as vigorous as she did; however, she had danced in a similar outfit before and managed.
"So what songs did he pick?" Jen finally asked, putting the box aside and once again reaching for the shoes.
Bending down, she put the shoes on to get a feel for them and break them in, glad they fit her as perfectly as her own pair as she walked over to join her assistant at the computer.
Velvet shrugged, "I recognize a couple of them, but some of them are pretty obscure," the young woman answered, "although the titles alone tell you Mr. DeWight's mind is in the gutter," she said with amusement. "Like 'Wet' and 'Pussy' only spelled with two dollar signs," she sighed in mock exasperation. "Or how about 'Gotta Get Me Some," she laughed.
"Shame on you," Jen said with a smile, "that last one is a Nickelback song," she admonished her assistant. "Every good stripper should know Nickelback from front to back," she laughed, recognizing it from one of Mary's sets.
"You want to hear the playlist?" her assistant asked as Jen shook her head.
"Let's check out this dance studio Elsie mentioned. There should be a sound system there and we can see if it ties into wherever you have this playlist stored," she said.
Jen was by no means a computer expert, but she had faith in her assistant who seemed savvier with the computer than her.
Following Elsie's directions, they easily found the dance studio, once again impressed at Mr. DeWight not holding back at all with his investment as the stepped into the large room, Jen's platforms thumping loudly on the sparkling hardwood floors. The room was lined on three sides by mirrored walls—one which had a ballet bar—as well as the two stripper poles in the room.
"What man has a dance studio with stripper poles in his house?" Velvet asked as Jen shrugged.
At Jen had thought, they found a laptop at a corner desk and it only took a few moments for Velvet to log into the corporate network and pull up the playlist.
Jen listened to the songs, practicing a few moves on the poles, mainly loosening up her muscles as she thought about the routines in her head. It had been over a week since she had danced, and although she had practiced a few times on the pole in her office, she felt rusty.
Velvet on the other hand, was in awe of her, sometimes getting on the other pole as she attempted to mimic some of Jen's moves.
"You make it look so easy," she said after several failed attempts at an Allegro Box split.
"It's all in practicing," Jen smiled. "It took me weeks to get that maneuver figured out, and the transition was even worse," she said.
"You make up all your routines?" Velvet asked as Jen nodded.
"As well as some of the girls' at the club," she added, her assistant saying she wished she worked at Jen's club.
Jen laughed, saying, "As much time as I'll be at the corporate office, I'm sure we'll find some time to go over a few things," she said happily, continuing to practice.
********************
Mingling with the growing number of people attending the party, Dan was amazed at the size and extravagance of Chuck's house. Actually, it could not be called a house, being a true mansion in every sense of the word.
He currently was in the ballroom staring at its two-story-high stripper pole, waiting, like the others, for Jen's performance.
He had not been able to see Jen for the entire week other than the single phone call they had shared after he had left with the FBI for his new apartment. Then he thought of the staff meeting he had been told to dial into, how his heart felt like it had sunk into his chest as he watched Jen—or Diamond—walk into the boardroom wearing nothing but a silver thong and boots. He had ground his teeth as Chuck had told her to lay across his lap, his anger rising further when he watched, along with several other guys on the video conference, his rival finger-fuck his fiancée, forcing her to cum in front of all of them.
His anger was directed towards Chuck, not Jen. He did not know what circumstances had caused her to behave like that, but he trusted her enough to know there must have been some extreme extenuating circumstances involved for her to appear like that and follow Chuck's bidding.
And now here he was, in Los Angeles at Chuck's request to attend her debut party as the DSA Spokesmodel. Even this chance to watch her perform was welcomed, as he would get to see her in person and possibly even steal a few moments alone with her curious about her week.
For him, it had been one of the oddest weeks in his existence...
Monday he had met Chuck at the Satin Kitty and expressed his interest in Chuck's job offer. Chuck had been ecstatic, clapping him on the back and hugging him like he was a best friend as he welcomed him to the company.
They had talked for over an hour as Chuck explained his desire for Dan to basically shadow him for the next couple weeks to get an idea on how the company was run and get a feel of what he looked for in a club.
"As one of my direct reports you answer only to me. The company will pay for all your trips obviously, but you'll also receive a very sweet benefits package for medical, dental, and life insurance. I also am planning on you accompanying Diamond on her tour, since she is going to be performing at each club it will let you see what the other clubs are like, get a feel of the type of buildings and locations I prefer, and then I'll set you lose on the world to help the company expand," he had told Dan.
At the mention of traveling with Jen he perked up, immediately regretting his reaction as Chuck looked at him, saying, "Diamond is off-limits, you hear?" he said deliberately. "I've invested a ton of money in that bitch, which she is going to earn back ten-fold," Chuck said, "so I don't need anybody fucking things up, you hear me?" Chuck warned.
Dan had forced himself to fake disinterest, telling him he was only excited to watch her perform, telling him she was amazing on the pole.
Chuck laughed. "Now THAT is something I can appreciate. I'll tell you what, she has a couple photo-shoots scheduled this week, so I'll let you see some of the proofs before they become public, how about that?" Chuck laughed. "Remember, there are some nice perks now that you are working for the company!" his rival laughed, ordering them additional drinks.
Inwardly Dan's anger surged. The way Chuck talked about Jen—or any woman for that matter—was disgusting, and knowing Jen was forced to put up with his shit until either of them could find enough evidence for the FBI to do anything against Chuck was maddening.
"Oh, and I thought of the perfect 'Welcome to the Company' gift," Chuck said, waving Mary—or Kitten—over to them.
"Kitten, you remember my old buddy Dan, don't you?" he asked his fiancée's best friend.
"Of course I do Mr. DeWight," Mary—or Kitten, he corrected in his mind—purred to the man.
"Good, good," Chuck said. "I want you to be his special girl from now on. If he's in the club, you are to spend time only with him," he said. Laughing at the shock in both her and Dan's faces he added, "Don't worry about your tip quota, I will personally compensate for your time, so don't worry about any penalties," he told the stripper, misinterpreting the cause of her surprise. "In fact, as an incentive, I'll give you a five-hundred dollar bonus a week to keep my buddy here happy," he said. "And I mean EXTREMELY happy," the man said, inwardly disgusting Dan at how Chuck was treating the woman.
"Of course Mr. DeWight," Kitten said, "You know how much I love your friends," she again purred.
"Great, then I'll leave you two be," Chuck said. Turning back to Dan he winked and said, "Don't worry about the VIP room if you want some privacy, go ahead and use my own office," he told Dan. "Kitten can show you the way," he said, explaining he had to go over to the Wet Cherry for the rest of the night. "New managers are always a pain in the ass," he said, telling Dan about Tim being out of town. "With him out of town in LA this week, and it being a new club, I need to split my time between the two to make sure the girls toe the line and everything is good," he explained to them before leaving.
Dan moved his legs in surprise as Mary came over to him and directly sat in his lap, putting her arm across his shoulders as she leaned into him. He was acutely aware of her buxom chest pressing into his body and her cleavage only inches from his face.
Looking across the crowded club, he saw Chuck give him a 'thumbs up' before leaving.
"Daniel James Jeffries," Mary suddenly hissed into his ear. "What the fuck is going on with you and Jen," she whispered, smiling as if she were just another stripper willing to please a customer.
"Long story," Dan told her. "Look, Chuck doesn't know Jen and I are a thing, let alone engaged. We're trying to keep it from him, at least until we can sort some of this shit out, so can you spread the word?" he asked plaintively.
"Yeah, yeah, Jenny already told us that, but why?" she asked. "Maybe if you told Mr. DeWight you two were engaged he'd find another girl and stop whatever shit he has planned for Jen. Have you heard from her today?" the woman asked obviously concerned.
Dan shook his head to both comments. "Look, I can't tell you what's going on, just believe me that it's best if Chuck doesn't know her and I are a thing. She's down in LA this week getting her paperwork and orientation and some other shit for her spokesmodel role, but she'll be back Saturday night. I'll let her explain as much as she can, but please, trust us," he pleaded. "There are just some things we cannot say right now," he told her, unwilling to tell her more.
Mary sighed, her breasts sliding across his chest and making him uncomfortable as she said, "You know I love you both, but can you at least tell me what the fuck this 'be Dan's special girl' bullshit is about?" the woman asked. "Not that I have anything against you hon, but you are my best friend's man," she giggled, both from her statement and to show everybody around them she was treating him well.
Dan looked across the club and saw John, the bartender at the club, watching them intently. Mary and he were currently an item as he told her, "And can you talk to John too?" he asked. "I don't want him thinking I'm making moves on his girl," he said.
Mary laughed. "Yeah, I'll tell him," she said, "Though just because I'm sleeping with him doesn't mean I'm his," she said emphatically. Dan could tell he was stepping into some sort of argument as she continued. "I imagine his mind is going a mile a minute wondering what I'm doing sitting on your lap," she grinned. "It'll do him good to stew for a bit, we had a fight yesterday and I am still waiting for him to apologize."
As she finished her statement she looked over to the bar and gave a little finger wave to John before turning back to Dan and pressing her body further against his chest.
The adage 'never piss off a stripper' came to his mind as the woman did her best the entire evening to make not only him uncomfortable—in retaliation for not telling her what was going on with Jen and him and knowing he would not cheat upon Jen—as well as piss off John. She also stayed with in case Chuck asked somebody else about them to see if she followed his orders.
Several times that night Dan tried to talk to John, but the man was obviously pissed and would not even come near him, more than likely thinking Dan was hitting on his girl all night, although Mary was the instigator. In his despair Dan hoped Mary would talk to him soon, particularly to prevent the man from getting pissed enough to possibly his relationship with Jen to Chuck.
The next day, Tuesday, was one of the sadder days in his life as he gave his notice to the realtor company he had worked at for the last several years. It was ironic only a week ago he was fearful of losing his job, his boss threatening to lay people off who could not make sales, and now he was leaving of his own volition.
At least the FBI promised to ease things over if the case against Chuck worked out and he ever wanted to return.
Even with the possibility of returning, Dan was upset having to say goodbye to everybody. His boss obviously had mixed feelings. On one hand he was losing a long-time seller, but on the other, he had been looking to lay somebody off and with Dan leaving the threat of unemployment for the other sellers was gone.
That evening he returned to the club where Chuck told him to be unless he was traveling, in order to "learn about the company by observation" the man he hated told him. "If you're going to work for me, I want you at my side so you see how things are handled," he told him that night.
Dan had nodded reluctantly to the man. Although it was fine and dandy for the FBI to tell him to agree to working for Chuck, Dan realized working for somebody you detested with every fiber of your being was an emotional strain he could do without.
Most of the evening Chuck talked about the clubs, giving Dan an idea how each operated. He had been surprised to learn Chuck allowed the clubs to have some autonomy in how they handled, saying the managers knew their crowd better than he, and as long as the clubs met their marks, he was happy. For example, the Atlanta club was mostly Hip-Hop based, with the majority of women being black, while the Houston club was obviously more Country-oriented, with most of the women being big-haired blondes.
Chuck said the main reason he was managing the Satin Kitty was it had been more successful than any of his clubs, so he wanted to let things run to see how everybody worked.
"Mind you," he said, "if there is something this club is doing that the others aren't and it increases profits, I'll have no qualms about ordering it to be done at the other clubs," he told Dan, making it clear who ultimately was the boss.
Absently he looked on the stage where Mary was starting her set, spinning on the pole to The Killers' 'When You Were Young.' Watching her, he recognized several of Jen's moves, knowing she must have taught them to her friend as he thought about his fiancée, not paying attention to the stage.
Chuck saw broke his reverie when he saw the direction of his gaze and laughed, saying "She does have a nice set of tits on her, doesn't she," he asked, thankfully misinterpreting Dan's stare.
At least Dan could be truthful when he agreed with Chuck's assessment of Mary's attributes. Although he was true to Jen, he was a man and could appreciate a beautiful woman with a killer body. Jen and he had once talked about being at the club so much it was impossible to ignore her friends walking around and dancing naked; however, like her dancing and getting excited, they only had eyes for each other. He was in a perpetual 'look but don't touch' mode.
"Then you mind telling me why you didn't take me up on my offer last night?" the man next to him asked.
Dan looked at him questioningly, asking what he meant as Chuck said, "I told you you could use my office last night, so why didn't you take that hot piece of ass back there and fuck her until your balls dried up?" Chuck laughed. "Or are you interested in somebody else from the club?" he asked looking around at some of the other girls walking around the club. "I haven't had her yet, but she's definitely on my 'To Do' list," Chuck laughed. "From what I heard, all you did was sit here all night," he said.
Dan realized he had to think fast, not wanting to admit he only had eyes for his fiancée. Him and Chuck had always had different opinions on women, but the FBI had ordered him to attempt to 'fit in' with working for Chuck, so he had to force himself to behave and conform to Chuck's idea on how a man should act.
He had been doing that all his life. As children, his parents had told him to behave like Chuck. In high school, before Chuck had transferred, all he heard from other kids was how could Chuck be friends with him since they were nothing alike, and that he should be more like Chuck to be 'cool.' In college Dan had even felt the pressure from his fraternity seek Chuck's approval, even while Chuck stole every girl he had an interest in, bringing many of them back to the very rooms they shared and fucking them relentlessly before throwing them away like a used paper plate.
In answer to Chuck's question he shrugged, replying, "I just wanted to get to know her was all," he said.
Dan was taken aback as he and everybody around them looked at Chuck as the man burst out laughing. "Get to know her?" he exclaimed. "Jesus Christ 3D, you're not going to marry the bitch, just fuck her," he laughed. "She's a fucking stripper, you're not taking her home for your family's approval," he laughed, "fuck her and move on to another," he said still chuckling.
Then he quieted and looked at Dan intently as he said, "Wait a minute, you're engaged, aren't you? I remember you told mentioning that to me last week when we met up," he once again laughed out loudly. "Don't tell me, you're 'saving yourself' for marriage,' he chided, moving his fingers in the air like quotations as Dan felt his face redden from both embarrassment and anger.
Not only had him and Chuck had different views on how to treat women, but also anything else moral and ethical, marriage included.
"So who is this woman who has apparently castrated you from ever behaving like a man again?" Chuck laughed mockingly.
And that was when Dan lashed out, punching Chuck so hard, teeth flew out of his mouth as blood splattered all the way to the stage.
Or at least it was the image he had in his head, one he had thought about thousands of times over the years as Chuck continuously questioned or mad fun of Dan's manhood. Once again he was reliving those days, thought to be long gone, sitting there meekly as Chuck repeatedly told him how less of a man he was for not having Chuck's own ideals on the world.
In defense he state, "You don't know her," immediately regretting the statement.
"Well, obviously not, but I've yet to meet a woman that would ever cause me to deny what is built into our very own genes," Chuck laughed. "So when am I going to meet this Madonna of women. You know the best man should at least get to know the bride beforehand," he said with a wink. "You always did have a knack for finding some lookers," he grinned.
Dan gritted his teeth at Chuck's statement. Of course the man would think he was the best man. In his mind he was the brother Dan never had, his best friend, partners until the end. Yet all he did was demean Dan over and over. How could the man not know he was treating him like shit, he wondered?
In fact, Dan was not convinced if he was engaged to somebody other than Jen and Chuck met her, that Chuck would think nothing of trying to sleep with her!
Dan's attention was drawn back to the man as he said, "So have you set a date for the wedding yet? If you need money, I can give you whatever you need, or if you feel bad about taking money, how about I spot you a loan at the least," he told him, "although I would never ask you to pay it back," he smiled.
And there it was, the one small glimpse of light Dan rarely observed over the years revealing something decent within Chuck. Willing to offer the amount of money to somebody without paying them back for a wedding, which even if it were small, would be thousands of dollars, was what he wished Chuck would be like all the time.
But then the main side of him appeared.
"Never mind, I'm sure I'll meet the lovely bride-to-be sometime," he laughed, "But you better not wait too long, I may accidentally stray upon her and show her what a real man is like and ruin her for you," he laughed.
And then Dan was reminded of his college years, as Chuck had done the same thing back then, fucking every girl Dan had been interested in, any brief compassion he felt for the man dissipated.
"Anyways, back to the bird in the hand," Chuck said looking on stage, "or rather Kitten's bush," he chuckled, thinking his wordplay being clever.
Dan's attention was drawn back to Mary/Kitten finishing up her set, her now bared breasts swaying wildly as she danced seductively to Motley Crue's 'Girls, Girls, Girls.'
"Trust me on this 3D," Chuck continued, "any girl that moves like that on the stage is worth slamming your cock into," he said crudely. "Or don't you think she would agree?" Chuck asked.
Dan shrugged. Although he could not deny Mary was a beautiful and hot woman, his heart had always been set on Jen and he had never thought of Mary or any of the girls at the club as more than her friends, appreciating their beauty, but not interested in betraying Jen's trust.
Chuck laughed again. "Dan," the man said, getting his attention more for using his actual name than any interest in what he was about to say, "there is not one bitch I've yet to meet that wouldn't spread their legs to have a real man inside them," he said. "Not Kitten up there on the stage moving like a wanton slut, not your pretty little mystery fiancée, nobody. Hell, even Diamond who you also seem to have an eye for willingly drops to her knees and sucks whatever cock I tell her to," he laughed, "and she claims to be engaged too!" he guffawed loudly, once again drawing attention to them in the club.
Dan was not surprised at Chuck's statement or his beliefs. The man truly had a way of demeaning every woman alive.
Seeing Dan's expression and misconstruing it as disbelief he said, "It's true. Hell, last week she sucked off that cop without any hesitation, and just this weekend she gave Tim a nice congratulatory throat fuck for his new managerial position," his nemesis laughed once again.
Dan bit his tongue to hold back his anger and not say something he would regret, but in his mind he was in turmoil. Was it true, he wondered? Jen had confessed—in tears—about what had happened between her and the cop—who actually had turned out to be an FBI agent. In fact, the same agent had apologized to Dan, explaining how he had to keep his cover.
But then that same FBI agent had fucked his fiancée right before him. Although Dan was willing to believe there was good cause to make sure both Jen and Dan were on board with the role she was to play, Dan knew the man had enjoyed himself above and beyond the 'call of duty.'
If it was true about what Chuck was saying about Tim, then Jen probably had no other choice. He was slowly coming to grips that his fiancée was now the DSA Spokesmodel, which was the equivalent of the top porn actress for the company. That she would end up having sex with other men was inevitable and something they both had to come to terms with. Both her and him had talked for hours about it the night the FBI separated them, both needing the validation they were doing the right thing; however, alone in a club with nobody but Chuck's chauvinistic attitudes surrounding him, he was once again doubting whether they were on the right path.
"I'll tell you what," Chuck said. "If you think Kitten's unwilling to put out for you, I'll smooth the waters for you. In fact, I'll have her climbing your pole all night," he laughed, waving towards John the bartender.
Dan wondered what he meant when suddenly Chuck turned around and said, "Ah, here's our pussy now."
Dan looked up to see Mary coming towards them as Chuck talked to John, apparently ordering drinks.
He was momentarily shocked when Mary sat on his lap, until he remembered Chuck's statement of her being 'his special girl' as he put his arm around her to steady her, keenly aware of his hand sliding across her bare waist.
As Mary settled onto his lap Dan looked up to see John glaring at him, anger obvious in his eyes. Dan wanted to say something to the man to reassure him, but could not with Chuck present. He realized Mary must not have talked to him yet about what was going on, and that Dan had no intentions of betraying their friendship.
"Go on Johnathon, get our drinks," Chuck ordered, seeing the man still standing there.
With one last glower John turned and made his way back to the bar, returning shortly with three drinks.
Chuck passed the glasses out, handing the first to Mary, then giving Dan his and taking his own. "John, I shouldn't have to say this, but please keep the drinks coming," he said in dismissal of the bartender, who looked bitterly once more at Dan before leaving. Chuck then turned his attention to Mary and Dan, asking, "So Kitten, is everybody missing Diamond? Seems like she's the glue that keeps you all together," he said taking a sip of his drink, "and she's now been gone for two days."
"Actually she sent out an e-mail to everybody today," the woman answered, both Dan and Chuck looking at her unexpectedly at her statement. "It was a letter to all the girls at all the clubs introducing herself, telling us to let her know if there was anything she could help out with, that sort of thing," she replied.
"Really?" Chuck said in surprise. "I wouldn't have thought she would take her position so seriously," he said intrigued.
"Position?" Dan asked, wondering what Chuck was thinking.
"Yes, Diamond's official position within the company is Vice President of Ecdysiast Services," he said. Upon seeing both Dan and Kitten's blank stare he laughed, "That's VP of Strippers, it's a fancy big word for exotic dancer, although I wouldn't recommend you put it on your business card," Chuck teased Mary, "nobody is hiring you for your use of the English language," he laughed.
Dan felt Mary's hand tighten upon his shoulder and patted her hip in consolation as she drank her drink in one gulp, keeping her thoughts of Chuck to herself.
At that moment John showed up with the second round of drink, glaring at Dan who realized the man had seen him pat Mary on the ass! And once again he could not say anything as the man set the drinks down roughly onto the table, glaring at Dan the entire time before he walked away.
Chuck handed Mary her drink as Dan still sipped his first.
"Anyways," Chuck continued, "Diamond's job description states she is the liaison between all the dancers for the company and the company itself. Her contract outlines how she is the main 'go-to-girl' for any problems, whether they be work, ethical, or HR related. She is supposedly the voice of the working girls to the company. Again, it is all in her contract and job description, but I never imagined she would take an active interest in it," he said. Then with a grin, he added, "Particularly since she's been somewhat reluctant towards her other duties, but maybe that has changed too," he said still smiling.
This time it was Dan's grip upon Mary that tightened, as he too took a large swallow of his drink to keep his mouth shut. Mary leaned into him a bit more, her breasts pressing against his chest as Chuck once again turned the conversation back towards what he looks for in a club, telling Dan what he desired for his new position. He completely dismissed Mary's presence, as if she were now beneath his interest as his attention solely refocused upon Dan.
John came by twice more with drink refills, although Mary was the only one keeping up with the bartender's deliveries, Dan seeming to be one drink behind the bartender's schedule. Chuck did most of the talking, while Mary had repositioned herself more comfortably into Dan's lap, melding her body with his.
Mary's closeness made him uncomfortably, particularly whenever John looked at them, and he once again wished he could have two minutes alone with the man to tell him there was nothing going on.
Looking on the stage, Dan saw Crystal—another one of Jen's close friends—begin her set, the first song starting and her body moving seductively as Brittney Spears began singing 'Baby One More Time.' He watched her dance to her set when suddenly he jerked upright in his seat as Mary's hand slid into his crotch, her hand giving his package a squeeze!
Chuck's chuckle caused him to look over to him as his rival winked at him, "See, told you I knew what girls wanted," he said. Turning his attention to the woman in his lap, he said softly, "Kitten? Kitten sweetie, do you want Dan to take you in the back and make you purr?" he said in a low voice.
Mary again gave Dan's crotch a squeeze as she leaned into him. He once against was startled as she ran her tongue up the side of his neck, gently biting ear lobe before saying to both of them, "Mmm, yes, there's a pussy that needs to be stroked," she said in a seductive voice.
Dan could not believe his ears as he saw Chuck laugh silently. "Honey, why don't you take him to my office like a good girl?" he said.
To Dan's astonishment Mary slid off his lap and stood, a little unsteadily after four drinks, and pulled Dan's hand until he stood up. Without another word she turned and led him to the door marked 'Employees Only.'
Dan turned back as Mary pulled him through the doorway, and as the door closed behind him the last thing he saw was John at the bar, his lips pursed together as he glared at him.
The hallway was familiar—Dan having been there many times—and Mary pulled him past the Security Room and entrance to the girls' dressing room to the end of the hall where he knew the office was.
Without a word she opened the door and pulled him into the room.
Jen had told him Chuck had redecorated the place, but she had not gone into details, and Dan was amazed as he looked around the room. Previously the office had been practically a store room with a heavy 1950's metal desk and chair, an old file cabinet, and an oscillating fan as old as the furniture.
Now it was befitting the office of a strip club manager, with deep purple wallpaper and a dark plush carpet. To the right was a small stage and stripper's pole, and alongside the wall was a long upholstered lounge chair in white. All around the room were multiple plasma screen televisions, but what dominated the room was the large dark wood executive desk.
Mary pulled him further into the office and shut the door, leading him to the lounge chair and pushing him down to his surprise. Before he could say a word she was straddling him, her body leaning into his as she lay on top of him, her face so close to his, he could smell the alcohol still on her lips.
"Mary, I don't think..." he started to say, but she put her finger over his lips.
"Shhh, no Mary, tonight you get to pet the Kitten," she said seductively, her hips moving as she literally dry humped Dan's crotch.
Dan's body immediately reacted—what man's body would not react with a hard-on when a beautiful blond stripper was on top of them, dry humping their crotch?
Dan grasped her hips to slow her rocking motion and as his hands steadied her, Mary reached up and took off her top, freeing her medically enhanced 36-DD breasts.
"Mary..." Dan started to say when he was once again stunned as the stripper leaned down to him, pressing one of her breasts into his face. Without thinking Dan's lips closed over her nipple, his tongue moving of its own volition as he licked her hardened nub.
Mary let out a groan, "Oh God Dan, that feels so good," she said.
Suddenly she moved pulling away from him as she slid to her knees on the floor, moving between his own legs. Dan took a deep breath, things happening too fast as he felt Mary's hand slide across his crotch, further enticing his growing erection.
"Mmm, somebody's been neglected these last few days," she purred to him as she reached up and began unzipping his fly.
"Mary! Kitten!" Dan said, grabbing the stripper's hands. "Stop for a minute," he told her.
As Mary looked at him, he realized her eyes were glassy, suddenly comprehending she was drugged. He now understood what Chuck had meant when he said he could make a woman do whatever he wanted—the fucker had drugged her! No wonder John was upset, remembering John telling him in the first place how Jen had been seduced. For all the bartender knew, his boss had told him to drug his own girlfriend and then watched as another man led her off to a private room—knowing she had been drugged! Dan cursed out loud at his situation as he shook Mary's shoulders.
"Snap out of it!" he said.
The young woman pouted, her lower lip hanging out enticingly as she said dejectedly, "You don't want me."
"Sweetheart, you've been drugged," Dan said softly once again.
It took a few moments, but eventually comprehension came into her eyes as she muttered, "Fuck, no wonder I feel stoned. Oh God Dan, I am so fucking horny," she said, once again reaching to unzip his zipper.
"Mary, stop. You don't want to do this to John," he said.
The woman looked up at him, "The hell I don't," the woman said finally unfastening Dan's pants and unzipping them. "After the fight we had this weekend, he deserves to know his girlfriend can be satisfied by somebody else!" she spat.
"Sweetheart, you don't want to do this to Jen," he finally said.
That seemed to stop her. Then she said quietly, "Dammit Dan, I don't know if Mr. DeWight has any video cameras in here like the lounges, we can't do nothing," she said, slowly moving her hand back and forth across his crotch.
Dan's erection firmed up more as the woman rubbed him.
"I have to do something if he's watching," she said in explanation, her voice quiet as Dan wondered if Chuck also had bugged his office.
Then he realized a man like Chuck would never allow audio bugs in his own personal space. Video cameras maybe, as he was not opposed to keeping tabs on even what happened in his own office. Mary was right, they could not take the chance, although he was not sure what to do.
"Well, Mr. DeWight said to take care of you, so a hand job is the least I could do," the blond grinned.
Before Dan could say anything she pulled down his underwear, releasing his cock which sprung up and pointed and waved in to the air as if shouting 'I'm here!'
"Mmm, the perfect size, just like Jen said," Mary said.
Before Dan could ask what she meant Mary's hand grasped his dick, slowly stroking it. Dan's hips jerked up and he laid his head back, the feeling of Mary's soft hands stroking his cock too good of a feeling to be ignored.
Although it had been less than a week since Dan had been with Jen, having a strange woman's hand stroking him was an incredible feeling and Dan closed his eyes, relishing the sensation.
Unexpectedly he opened his eyes wide as the hot, warm, wet sensation of Mary's mouth engulfed his cock.
"Oh fuck!" Dan cried out as he looked down, seeing Mary's head moving up and down in his lap.
Tilting her head up slightly, Mary looked straight at him, her lips wrapped around his dick as she slowly lowered her head further, keeping her eyes upon him the whole time.
Dan gasped as her tongue played with the slit of his cock, then swirled around the head, teasing him. He groaned at the negative pressure from her sucking tightening her lips around his shaft like a vice. Then, slowly, she pulled up, her lips dragging across his cock to the flare of his head, and then moving back down.
"Oh God Kitten, that feels so good," Dan moaned, feeling ashamed of himself for enjoying his fiancée's best friend's mouth on his cock.
His mind fought with itself, one side being completely humiliated at what was happening, cheating in his mind on Jennifer, while the other half, a more primordial male urge, was saying 'Hell yeah, suck that cock!'
Mary's head began moving faster and faster as Dan felt his balls tightening up.
Pulling her head away, her hand still was wrapped around his shaft, as she began jerking him off wildly.
"You like that, don't you Dan?" Mary said, her hand gliding across his saliva-covered shaft, her motions making a soft 'squish-squelch' noise in the office.
Dan could only moan as he felt his balls tighten further, knowing he was close to cumming.
"You want to cum on my tits, big boy?" Mary said as Dan could only grunt in response.
Mary straightened up on her knees, her proud breasts in front of his cock as her hand rapidly moved up and down his shaft, so fast her fingernails were a red blur. The visual was too much as he suddenly grunted, his cock releasing its load, and Dan continued to stare as spurt after spurt of creamy white fluid shot out of his cock and upon Mary's breasts, coating them like a glazed donut.
Suddenly he jerked his hips again as she lowered her head and he once again felt Mary's lips wrap around the head of his cock as her tongue ran across his sensitive tip.
"Mmm," she groaned as she raised her head. "Jen's right, you do have a sweet taste," she said with a smile as her hand squeezed his cock, milking out the last drops of his seed, which she eagerly licked off the head of his cock, his hips jerking in response.
Dan could only look at her in surprise as she climbed up onto the other side of the lounge, sliding his feet off. Placing her back on the chair and her feet firmly on the ground, she raised her hips up and unsnapped and pulled off her shorts!
"What are you doing?" he said quietly, looking at the now naked woman.
"It's my turn, silly boy," she said with a grin.
"What?" Dan exclaimed as Mary looked at him.
"Look Dan, I probably have enough X in me to keep me horny for a week. John's definitely going to get some tonight, fight or no fight, but you need to curb the burn," she said. "Tit for tat," she smiled at him.
"But what about Jen?" he said.
"What about John?" Mary said angrily. "Look, you know you have to do this, particularly if Mr. DeWight is taping this. Dammit Dan, I don't know what the fuck you and Jen are doing, but you have me pulled into it. Now I'm hyped up on X, horny as hell, and Mr. DeWight is paying me to keep you happy. If you don't do this for yourself, then fucking you owe it to me," she said.
Dan knew she was right, but a part of him felt like he was cheating on Jen.
"You know he fucked her, don't you?" Mary said suddenly.
"What?" Dan said in surprise.
"Jen, you know Mr. DeWight fucked her, don't you?" she asked.
Dan nodded glumly as she said, "Well, you know Jen would NEVER do that to you, right?" she said as he nodded. "Well goddammit Dan, I have the same shit in me right now, even if I'm more used to it and have my senses about me, but I'm fucking horny as hell, so you need to curb the burn," she said.
Dan looked at his fiancée's best friend, lying naked before him, his cum splattered across her tits as he said, "Look Mary, I can't fuck you, I can't do that to Jen," he said.
The stripper sighed. "You know, sometimes you are too much of a gentleman," she said with exasperation. "I've never had a guy turn me down, even another girl's boyfriend. At least get me off, finger me, eat me, I don't care, but goddammit Dan help a girl out," she said as she started rubbing her slit between her legs with her own hand.
Once again a part of Dan's mind said no, but another could not pass up the chance of doing nothing as a beautiful girl laid naked in front of him, actually begging for him to make her cum.
As he slid off the lounge chair Mary moaned in excitement and spread her legs as Dan moved between them. He was only planning on fingering her, but the sight of her pussy, wet with arousal, was too much. Without thinking he moved his face closer, smelling the musky scent of her. Finally throwing caution to the wind, he pressed his opened mouth across her vertical slit, his tongue stabbing between the folds of flesh.
Mary grunted and moaned, raising her hips into his face and Dan reached underneath her, his hands grasping her ass tightly as he began earnestly eating her out.
"Oh God yes!" Mary screamed, the sound echoing through the office as her hips began bucking, her crotch sliding tightly across his face as he ate her out.
Moving one hand away from her ass cheek and raising it between them, Dan inserted first one, then two fingers into her, his tongue blurring across her clit as he began rapidly finger-fucking her, the wet in and out motions again filling the room with a 'squish-squelch' sound, only from her now, not him.
Mary's hips were moving faster and faster and Dan's hand was a blur, the sounds of his fingers sloshing in and out of her wet hole the only thing he heard besides her moans.
Suddenly Mary let out a squeal as her hips slammed her crotch into his face. Dan pressed his tongue firmly against her clit, not moving as Mary's body began shaking. He continued slamming his fingers in and out of her as he felt her vaginal walls clamp down around them, her entire body quivering as wave after wave of orgasm coursed through her.
Eventually her hips stopped shaking and Dan slowed his rhythm, eventually pulling his fingers out. With one final long lick up her slit, he backed away.
"Wow," Mary said, lying on the lounge with her legs splayed open before him, "that was fantastic!" she said in surprise.
Dan smiled, and then suddenly they both turned as a slow, slow clapping filled the room.
Dan saw Chuck standing in the doorway, a smile on his face as he slowly clapped his hands. "Well done 3D, well done!" he said happily. "I honestly didn't think you had it in you anymore," he told him. "Particularly after all that talk of your fiancée and such, I thought you finally had lost your manhood," he laughed, coming into the room and shutting the door.
Dan looked at Mary in guild as he stood up, quickly pulling up his underwear and zipping up his pants.
Seeing what he was doing, Chuck said, "Please, don't stop on account of me. I only needed to pick up some paperwork I left in here. Continue," he said waving his hand and actually picking up some papers from his desk and turning around.
Dan knew Chuck's 'reason' for entering the room was false, the man undoubtedly wanting to see what Dan and Mary were doing, banishing any question he may have had of the room having any surveillance cameras.
"Uh, I was...I mean, we're done," Dan stuttered.
"What, you're not going to fuck her?" Chuck said. "After getting her all fired up like that? You can't leave her lying there wide open for you," he laughed.
Dan could only stare at Chuck. Even had he planned on going any further with Mary, the state of his mind due to Chuck walking in standing there was not conducive to getting an erection.
"Well, at least you got her loosened up a bit," Chuck said with a smile as he reached down and began unbuckling his belt and kicked off his shoes.
Dan watched, shocked, while Chuck unbuckled his belt and kicked off his shoes.
Chuck lowered his pants and set them on the chair in front of his desk before turning around, and Dan could only stare in amazement at the bulge in his shorts. He had seen Chuck naked several times in college, and knew the man was endowed, but he never remembered it being that big and fat!
Still staring at the man's bulge in his underwear, Chuck took off his socks, and then his shirt.
Turning to face Dan, Chuck smiled and lowered his boxers. "Let me show you how to treat a lady," Chuck said, reaching down and stroking his long, fat cock.
Even semi-hard Chuck's hand did not quite cover half of it as Dan could only stare as Chuck continued stroking his cock.
"Sit down Dan," Chuck said, indicating the side of the lounge chair where he had sat earlier.
"Chuck, I don't think..." he began to say.
"Sit down mother-fucker," Chuck spat. "Just because you're not man enough to finish what you started doesn't mean you're not going to see how it should be done," the man said.
To his own surprise, Dan sat down. It had always been this way with Chuck—when the man actually ordered him to do something, Dan could not refuse, meekly following out whatever Chuck asked of him.
"Kitten, why don't you sit up so you can lay back on Dan's lap," Chuck instructed.
Dan watched in surprise as Mary leaned up on her elbows. Deep within his mind his thoughts screamed 'No!' but it was as if Chuck controlled his body, sitting there as Mary complied with the man's orders as well, only with less hesitancy.
Mary was now laying across Dan's lap and chest, her legs still spread open, her feet on the floor as Dan could only sit and stare in dismay as Chuck moved closer to them, still holding his monstrously obscene cock.
"Kitten, do you want to know what a real man feels like?" Chuck asked quietly.
Dan felt Mary's hand grab his as she hissed out an anxious, "Yes!" as she spread her legs even wider.
Chuck chuckled, and Dan felt like he was not even in his body, watching from the ceiling as Chuck knelt down between Mary's legs.
From his vantage looking down her body, Dan could see Mary's glistening slit as Chuck held his cock before it, aimed directly at her folds of glistening flesh.
"You need to watch this 3D, it's truly awe inspiring," Chuck said.
Transfixed, like looking at a gruesome accident, Dan watched as Chuck's hips slowly moved forward, the tip of his fat cock first pressing against Mary's slit. In morbid fascination Dan watched as Chuck deliberately moved his cock up and down, coating the head of his dick with Mary's leaking arousal as the woman in his lap began to moan. When the head of his cock was glistening with the woman's lust, Dan watched in horror as he slowly pushed his hips forward.
"Ungh, fuck!" Mary cried as Chuck continued moving forward slowly, sinking inch after inch of his cock into the naked woman as Dan stared.
"How's that feel baby?" Chuck whispered, still inserting his cock into her pussy.
Mary again grabbed a hold of Dan's hand and squeezed, her head falling back upon his chest. "Oh God, you're splitting me wide open, it feels fucking great!" she cried out.
Chuck only had half of his long member inside Mary when Dan saw his hips pull back. Unable to stop himself, he looked down, seeing the lips of Mary's slit evert, Chuck's cock glistening with her juices and probably Dan's saliva sliding out of the woman's body like a sword leaving a sheath.
Chuck looked up at Dan and smiled when their eyes met, suddenly thrusting his hips forward and sinking his entire cock into the woman.
Dan could not believe the entire thing was inside her, wondering if her insides were being torn apart as Mary screamed.
"Oh God! Fuck! Oh my God, fuck!" Mary cried out, in both pleasure and pain. "Of Jesus, fuck me, fuck me with that big cock!" she cried out.
And Chuck did exactly that, his hips moving faster and faster as he speared her over and over with his eleven-inched cock.
Mary was letting out long, animal-sounding grunts as Chuck fucked her, her body slamming repeatedly into Dan. Finally she leaned back and looked at Dan, "Dan, play with my tits!" she cried out. "Oh God, fuck me and play with my tits," she cried out.
Unable to control himself, Dan reached down, taking a hold of the silicon-induced mounds and began massaging Mary's tits.
"Harder!" she cried, "Oh God, fucking harder!"
As if she were directing him, Chuck began slamming his hips into Mary roughly, causing her body to slam even harder back and forth into Dan as he grasped her breasts and squeezed them roughly, pressing his fingers tightly against her nipples.
"Oh fuck, yes!" Mary cried, caught in the throes of passion as her body was used by his childhood nemesis right before him.
Although Mary was not his girl, Dan felt remorse for John. Chuck was using her as recklessly as he had fucked Jen, and Dan knew exactly how John would feel as he could only watch while the bartender's girlfriend was impaled over and over by Chuck's enormous cock.
And yet, was not he an accomplice as well? Here he was, squeezing her tits so roughly he was bound to leave bruises, as the girl's body slammed into him over and over, her pussy practically being split apart as Chuck's cock skewered her.
Suddenly Mary let out a low moan, her body shaking uncontrollably as she orgasmed again.
"That's it baby, ride that cock," Chuck was saying, "Next time you're fucked, remember how much you were filled by Chuck and how little other cocks feel," he panted.
Then he let out a grunt, slamming into Mary one last time as Dan realized the man was cumming deep inside her. The fact that almost a foot of cock was inside Mary—and had been inside Jen—and cumming so deeply into her sickened Dan; he not only felt sorry for Mary and John, but also Jen, who had the same thing happen to her.
Letting go of her breasts, he held Mary's hands as she squeezed his hands tightly, still recovering from the wave upon wave of orgasmic release.
A few moments later Chuck moved, and again Dan could not help but look as the fat, now semi-hard member slid from his fiancée's friend's body. As his cock pulled out and hung down between his legs, Dan could only stare as a few drops of cum fell from the tip.
Then Chuck stood up and Dan watched as the large glistening member moved closer to him as Chuck said, "Here baby, clean this bad boy off before I get dressed."
Dan was only two feet away as Chuck's cock came to Mary's face. Without hesitation she opened her mouth, sucking in the almost pound of cock between Chuck's legs. He could only watch as Mary eagerly sucked off not only her own juices, but Chuck's cum.
He was startled when Chuck clapped him on the shoulder. "Now that's how you teach a woman her role in the universe," he laughed, pulling away from Mary as she panted against Dan's chest.
Chuck put on his clothes as if Dan and Mary were not even present, tucking in his shirt and zipping up his fly. Dan could only sit and watch, his mind in shock over what had occurred as Chuck picked up the phone.
"Gary, how far you into the current set?" he asked, as Dan recognized one of the DJ's names. "Great, Kitten's next then," he said over the phone before hanging up.
Turning to them, Mary still naked with her legs spread, her entire body splayed out on the lounge chair, Chuck said, "Kitten, you're set's up next, but don't bother putting anything on, I want to watch you dance like that," he said.
Dan watched in amazement as Mary nodded, slowly standing up and leaving the office.
"Come on Dan, this will be a good set," Chuck laughed as he waved to the door the just-fucked woman had gone through.
As they exited the 'Employees Only' door, Dan followed Chuck to their saved booth. Still in a daze over what had happened in the office, he saw Chuck turn towards the bar turned himself to see John looking at them. Suddenly Chuck put up his hands in the air and shrugged his shoulders, as if saying 'What could I do' as he turned to Dan with a smile before sitting down.
In horror Dan saw John's eyes bore into him in pure hatred as he realized what the man must be thinking.
All of the sudden Gary's voice came over the speakers, drawing their attention. "Gentleman, I once again give you the Satin Kitty's in-house pussy, Kitten!" he said to the applause of the crowd.
Suddenly Finger Eleven's 'Paralyzer' began to play and Mary came strutting out onto the stage, wearing nothing but her clear platform stripper shoes. The crowd erupted in cheers and hollers seeing her start her set off naked, and Dan watched as she spun around the pole.
As she reached her arms over her head and turned to the audience, the spotlight highlighted her reddened tits, making it plainly evident to everybody somebody had mauled them mercilessly.
At that moment John came over to them, slamming down drinks onto the table so hard, the liquid sloshed over the top of the glasses. Startled, Dan turned to look up at him, shocked at the look of anger and hatred apparent in the bartender's eyes—and all directed at him!
Dan was appalled to realize John thought he was the one who had abused his girlfriend. Then he looked away guiltily, remembering how he had squeezed and punished Mary's tits mercilessly. He realized his guilty expression only further condemned him as he turned his head and once more looked up at John.
Meanwhile the crowd was cheering Mary on, their cheers becoming even louder, causing all three of the men at the table to look at the stage.
Mary's hair was disheveled and with her breasts reddened from obvious abuse, she looked exactly like she was, a woman who had just been fucked relentlessly.
As Evanescence's 'Whisper' began playing and she turned around to the pole and bent over, Dan looked on in shock as he saw the unmistakable reddened handprints on her ass. The marks upon her body fully evident in the spotlight, the crowd went wild as he heard various comments from the tables around him say things such as "Holy shit, she must have been fucked good!" or "Damn, wonder who the lucky asshole was that got to pound that pussy!"
Dan looked and saw Chuck smiling next to him. Dan knew with certainty the marks upon Mary's ass were his own as he once again looked up guiltily at John, the man's eyes almost bulging out of his eyes in anger.
The crowd suddenly went wild as the audience erupted in applause and cheers, causing Dan to turn back to the stage. The song was coming to a close and Mary had slid down the pole to her haunches, her back against the pole as she massaged her tits; however, that was not what was causing the ruckus and screams from the crowd. Hunched down, her knees were spread, the spotlight was shining directly upon her puffed and reddened pussy lips, the light catching the glistening folds and unmistakable wetness of her inner thighs, wet with what everybody knew to be cum!
The crowd went crazy as Mary displayed her just-fucked pussy. Motion in his periphery caused Dan to turn, watching in shame as John yelled something at one of the other workers and then, grabbing his coat, stormed out of the club.
Dan almost went after him to explain what happened, that he had not fucked Mary, but Chuck's presence kept him seated as his rival suddenly started once again talking about the types of clubs he was interested in—as if nothing had happened!
Mary danced the rest of her set, the crowd continuing to go wild whenever her movements gave them a view of her fresh creampie. Dan would have thought the woman to be too embarrassed and ashamed at the crowd knowing what had happened to her, but then he saw the tips piling up on stage. The amount of money was more than she made in a week on the single set and Dan knew Mary was purposely displaying herself before the crowd, making the best of a bad situation and obviously milking the crowd for tips.
Eventually Chuck finished talking about his opinions on various clubs and Dan decided to go home—or at least to the apartment the FBI had arranged for him. He did not see Mary the rest of the night once her set was completed, guessing she had gone home immediately after her shift, hoping she would talk to John and smooth things out not only between themselves, but John's opinions on Dan.
Entering his apartment, Dan saw the answering machine blinking, indicating a new voicemail message. Hoping it was a call from Jen, he anxiously pressed the 'Play' button.
Suddenly John's voice came loudly over the speaker, "You fucking asshole. I treat you with respect, I treat your woman with respect, and you go and spit on me!" the bartender screamed over the other line. "I will fucking get even with you if it's the last thing I do asshole. You fuck my girl, well, I'm going to fuck yours three times over!" he said angrily. "Not that it will make much difference, as I hear anybody who has Mr. DeWight's favor will be fucking her, so I might as well make buddies with him, you goddamn asshole!"
The machine cut off at the point and Dan felt his stomach drop. He hoped Mary would talk to John, at least explaining Dan was the least of the guilty parties in what happened.
Wednesday was somewhat the same, Dan getting up and meeting Chuck for lunch. Chuck didn't say anything about the night before, but Dan expected as much. Once Chuck conquered a girl's defenses and fucked her, he moved on to something else.
After lunch they went back to the club. It was still early and not yet opened, but Crystal—Jen's other friend Denise—and Cinnamon, a part-time dancer, were practicing on the stage. As he followed Chuck to the man's office Denise called out, "Mr. DeWight, Mary and John called, they had some emergency and won't be in tonight," she said. "But Cinnamon will be taking Mary's place, and the other guys said they'll cover for John," she told him.
Chuck waved and Dan followed him into his office. Chuck had told him the next few weeks would be Dan following him around to observe how the business was run. Chuck said if he got a feel of how he ran the company Dan would know better what to look for when he was looking at possible properties to purchase.
As he sat down on the chair by the desk, his heart skipped a beat as the unmistakable odor of sex hit him. He blushed in shame recalling the events of the night before.
"Oh shit!" Chuck exclaimed, turning his attention back to his rival, who was looking at his computer, "These are fucking fantastic!" the man said.
Dan looked at him in puzzlement as Chuck waved him over to his side of the desk. "Dan my man, you are going to be one of the first to gaze upon true stardom," he said. Again seeing Dan's quizzical expression, he smiled. "Remember when I told you I would give you the honor of seeing Diamond's proofs?" he asked.
Dan felt his breath catch and his stomach drop to the floor knowing what would be on the screen.
Chuck's voice sounded like it was in a tunnel as he said, "Take a look at these," he said triumphantly as Dan stared at the computer screen in shock.
The first couple of pictures were merely of Jen in various poses, and although risqué, were nothing too drastic and actually similar to some of her outfits she wore at the club. He had to admit she looked incredibly sexy in black chaps, a thong, and a wrap-around halter top. The poses caused him to wonder if she were dancing, as some of the shots seemed to be consecutive ones of her moving—her hips gliding across the screen or her hands slowly raising.
The next few pictures were of Jen turning, again as if she were dancing slowly in front of the camera; however, it was the look on her face that caused Dan's eyes to widen in astonishment, the look being one he had seen from her a thousand times, only never outside the confines of their bedroom. It was the look she gave him when she was completely and unequivocally aroused, the mere facial expressions conveying the statement, 'Take me, I'm yours.'
Several of the shots were her turned away from the camera, looking over her shoulder or facing away, some of the pictures of her bent over and looking back to the camera from the side or between her legs. The chaps she was wearing were the type that were basically leggings, completely showing her ass, the smooth expanses of flesh broken only by the thin black strap of her thong.
Dan could not help but agree she looked fantastic.
Then Chuck moved on to another group of pictures, Jen lying seductively on a lounge chair similar to the one across from him, where Mary had been ravished. These pictures showed various poses with Jen's legs in the air, fanning out, as well as sitting on the couch with her knees splayed open, the thin black strip of her thong barely concealing her treasures.
And then a sequence of shots appeared showing Jen taking off her halter top, exposing her magnificent natural breasts. Amazed, Dan watched Chuck cycle through the pictures, the later ones showing her squeezing her nipples between her fingers. There were even a few close-ups of the tip of Jen's breast, her fingers firmly grasping her nipple between them!
All the pictures were of extremely high quality. Dan had seen plenty of porn on the internet, and these pictures were completely unlike the shoddy, poor lighting or film quality shots he was used to, even from 'premium' sites. These photos were as good as they got, and Dan was amazed at how hot his fiancée looked in them.
And then the chaps came off. Several pictures once again showed Jen laying upon the lounge, her body arched with her breasts pointing to the ceiling, as well as a few other close-ups of her crotch, breasts, and ass. There were even a few portrait facial pictures.
It was amazing, Jen had never posed for a photographer before in her life, and yet in these pictures, she looked a natural, her body perfect, her poses natural and fluid. The photographer knew exactly what angles to show Jen's beauty, the pictures being classy even when the content was explicit, and Dan could not help but feel himself become aroused.
The set ended with several more close-ups, Jen looking seductive and natural, mesmerizing Dan so much, he was startled when Chuck closed the group of pictures on his computer.
"This next set the photographer said is even fucking hotter!" the man exclaimed in obvious excitement as he double-clicked the folder and the first pictures appeared on the monitor.
The next set of photographs were a completely different venue, Jen being on some beach with a hot tub behind her; however, it was not the scenery that caught his attention, but Jen and her exposed body. At first glance he thought her to be completely nude, but then he saw she was wearing some black and white checkered monokini, the thin flaps of material barely covering her nipples and extending down to her crotch, the thin material disappearing completely within the cleft between her legs!
Jen's face was heavily made up, her eyes darkened and her lipstick being a deep, almost black, red giving her a dark Goth-like appearance.
She was also wearing a pair of checkered Mary Jane shoes and laced angle socks, which combined with the explicit revelation of the monokini, seemed to give her almost an over-dressed appearance.
He could not believe it was his very own fiancée in the photos, looking so sexy, so fuckable, and so different!
The first couple of images were again ones of Jen standing in various poses; however, this time, wearing the monokini, nothing was hidden from the camera, as the thin strips of material did little to cover her firm breasts, ass, and crotch.
Several photos once again showed Jen squeezing her breasts, first one, then the other, then both, mashing them together until the thin material of her suit barely concealed her obviously hardened nipples.
Jen's skin had a soft sheen of sweat, the heat of the day apparent upon her body, and the reflections of the sun seemed to focus advantageously upon ever curve of her tits and ass like a spotlight, and once again Dan could only stare in astonishment as Chuck clicked through the series of pictures.
The pictures were in sequence as he watched Jen clutching her breast beneath the suit in one image, then her other hand obviously moving down her body until it was between her legs several pictures later. Then the next several pictures slowly zoomed closer, until Dan saw Jen's finger blatantly wedged between the folds of her slit!
"Fucking hot, aren't they?" Chuck said next to him and Dan could only nod in agreement numbly as he stared at the computer screen.
The pictures were incredibly hot and sensual, and Dan once again could not believe how high quality the images were. And the fact the content of the photos was his own fiancée and that millions of men would be seeing and likely jacking off to her in these photos was a sudden turn-on.
Then Dan's mouth fell open as the next set of pictures showed Jen obviously fingering herself, first standing with her hand between her legs, and then lying back on a beach chair, her legs spread wide as the images focused upon her finger halfway buried between the folds of flesh between her legs, barely held back by the thin strip of cloth between her finger and her core.
Jens facial expressions were of pure pleasure, several close-ups portraits taken not only of her face, but also of close-ups of her finger sliding across her slit.
A few more were taken of her massaging her bare breast with one hand, while her other was remained between her legs, the look of pure lust in her face as she looked at the camera taking Dan's breath away.
Then suddenly the suit was gone, Jen still touching herself, the close-ups blatantly revealing her finger buried up to her middle knuckle, the series of pictures making it impossible to deny the fact she was vigorously finger-fucking herself in front of the camera.
Dan could only stare in amazement as the pictures cycled through Jen masturbating to completion, her back arched high above the chair, her mouth wide open as she orgasmed from her own ministrations, picture after picture showing his fiancée cumming in complete abandonment, her legs spread wide in pure ecstasy.
The next set were of her applying oil on her body, her skin glistening seductively in the sun. The pictures were similar to the ones earlier, only now she was completely naked, the sun shining upon her skin as the pictures went through her touching herself in various poses, squeezing her breasts, her hands all over her body.
Then the pictures were of Jen turned over, kneeling on the chair with her back to the camera showing off her ass, her head turned and looking seductively at the camera over her shoulder. The pictures went through her touching herself, then bending over revealing herself completely to the camera, which moved in for several close-ups of her puffed labia.
And then Jen's finger was back inside her, several pictures of her on one hand and her knees fingering herself, the pictures taken from behind and the sides, causing Dan to wonder if there were more than one photographer.
As the next picture appeared on the computer monitor Dan's mind once more went into shock as he saw a large black dildo being inserted by Jen into her pussy.
Several quick-timed pictures showed the dildo slowly being inserted between the folds of flesh between her legs, her labia spreading open and practically engorging the large rubber toy as it moved inch by inch into his fiancée's core. And then the pictures showed Jen obviously fucking herself with the dildo.
The pictures were from all angles, and once again Dan wondered how some of them could be taken at the same time, but the imagery was too erotic for him to wonder about the technicalities.
And then a series of pictures showed Jen in the throes of another orgasm, the pictures once again causing Dan to wonder about multiple photographers as he looked at several images taken seemingly at the same time, close-ups of Jen's face, her squeezing her tits, and even the dildo hanging out of her pussy on its own as she leaned forward on her elbows, her body still apparently shaking from the wave of releases she was experiencing.
Finally another series of photographs showed lying on her stomach on the lounge chair, the dildo still within her pussy and another series of obviously quickly timed pictures showing the black toy slowly sliding out, the black rubber glistening in the sun from her juices. Several more close-ups of Jen's pussy followed, her labia swollen, her core still gaping open from the large dildo, her entire crotch saturated with her arousal and glistening in the fading sunlight.
Dan assumed the set was over, but then came several more pictures of Jen naked in the hot tub. He could only stare in shock as her body was contorted into several vulgar poses, her pussy the main focus of the camera as she contorted herself into various seductive and blatantly pornographic poses.
And then the screen went blank as the set ended.
"Wow," Dan said, oblivious to Chuck next to him. He became aware of his erection, his dick harder than ever, caused from the images which were erotic, pornographic, and completely hot. The awareness within him of the pictures being his own fiancée was both humiliating and arousing as he wondered if anybody they knew would see them and what they would think.
"Wow is right," Chuck said, slapping Dan on the shoulder. "I told you that bitch will make the company millions," he said. "And that's just her solo photo-shoot. She has two more scheduled this week, one with a female model and another with a man," he laughed. "Christ, these pictures alone will probably rake in close to a million when all is said and done. After looking at this set, I'll be selling them for our Premium rate," he laughed. "And to think I was going to post her first set for free," Chuck said as he shook his head, "Fuck that, we're going to milk this cunt for all she's worth," he laughed.
That Chuck would talk like this about any woman disgusted Dan. That his comments were directed towards Dan's own fiancée caused him both dread and anger, once again vowing to assist the FBI as much as he could to put the bastard away forever.
The rest of the evening found Dan and Chuck sitting in the club watching the girls perform as Chuck talked about which ones he wanted to fuck next. His complete disregard towards the women's propriety or even the fact he did not care whether they were willing or not was bad enough, but knowing they were Jen's friends and people he had known for years was even more disgusting. Dan was appalled to hear Denise was next on Chuck's 'To Do' list, hoping to warn the woman before both of Jen's friends were ruined by Chuck's interests and the massive dick between his legs.
Dan was thankful when Thursday arrived, as Chuck had to fly down to LA to handle some corporate business, as well as meet up with Jen and see how she was coming along in her orientation week. Dan was slightly concerned for Jen's welfare, but knowing they were at the corporate office, he figured little harm could befall her. It was when she was at a club and exposing herself Dan figured were her most vulnerable times.
The past few days had been an eye opener for Dan. Chuck's morals had worsened even more since college. His complete lack of respect towards women—viewing them only as objects of pleasure—was antiquated to say the least, but although he had been bad in college, Dan now saw a depth of corruption and lewdness he had not known possible.
Chuck did not even treat women as human beings, merely chattel to be exploited in order to make more money. In college, his main goal was to get laid and humiliate Dan. Now it was all about the profit, caring little for the women's perspective as he led them down a sick, twisted road of corruption. He could now believe everything the FBI wanted to arrest Chuck before, no longer having any doubts about his childhood rival's innocence.
Yes, Thursday was a day to be thankful, Dan would only have to deal with Chuck during the board meeting where he was to be introduced to the other managers, not having to subjugate himself further by listening to Chuck's depraved thoughts about all the women Dan knew, particularly his beloved fiancée.
Entering the club alone, Dan headed to the back and entered the club manager's office. Chuck had created an account for him to log onto the computer, and Dan poked around a little to see if there was anything of use to the FBI, but unfortunately, Chuck knew his way around a computer more than Dan, having locked down almost everything except the video conferencing software, so Dan waited until the meeting.
Just before the meeting there was a knock on the door, and he was surprised to see Mary peek her head into the office, motioning for him to follow her to the back exit of the building onto the landing.
Jen had told him her and the girls often hung out at the loading dock for a smoke or simply to get away from the club for a few minutes. It was the best place for a candid discussion to avoid any bugs Chuck or even the FBI could have placed, the back being used for little else but large deliveries—even the alcohol delivers usually came through the front door.
As the heavy fire-proof door closed behind them, he immediately asked her if she were alright. Dan felt extremely awkward. Although he had watched Mary dance as many times as Jen, he had never seen her as being sexual. Now, after having not only received a blowjob from her and returned the oral sex, but had watched Chuck fuck her ruthlessly, treating her as nothing but somebody to break and slack his depraved lust upon, Dan could not help but admire her figure.
Mary was wearing her outfit for dancing tonight, a dark denim collared halter top that tied in the front and a matching pair of micro cut boy shorts. Dan could not help but look at her body, her long smooth legs and tight ass, as well as her large breasts bulging from the halter. He felt his cock harden, ashamed to be thinking of not only one of Jen's friends, but his own friend, in a sexual nature, particularly after being so brutally taken by Chuck two nights ago.
"Yeah, I'm fine," she smiled, "and thanks for the concern. Everything is fine with John. I told him you didn't do anything wrong, that DeWight was the one who took advantage of both of us. John's pissed you didn't do anything to stop him, but I told him I was so doped up on X I would have fought you myself to get laid," she smiled.
Dan blushed at the candid conversations and once again apologized, as Mary shook her head.
"Its fine, but you and Jen need to tell me what the fuck is going on. I almost lost my job last night because you wouldn't follow through with your own goddamn scheme of pretending to be Mr. DeWight's buddy, and I can't afford that shit. When Jen comes back this weekend she either needs to tell me what the fuck is going on, or you guys are on your own," she said, "because I am no longer playing this game of yours."
Dan told her he understood as she gave him a hug as they went back into the building, her to practice on the stage and him for the video conference.
Just before he got to Chuck's office, he ran into John, who was exiting the men's restroom.
Once again Dan felt awkward, not knowing what to say. What did you say to a man whose girlfriend blew you off and then you ate out, afterwards watching somebody else fuck her?
"Look, Mary told me nothing happened between you two," John said, breaking the silence.
Dan could not believe John's lackadaisical attitude towards somebody who—even if they had not fucked his girlfriend—had oral sex. Then it suddenly hit him—Mary had not told John what had happened between him and her, merely what Mr. DeWight had done! It was a lie of omission, but Dan did not want to piss John off any further, merely shrugging his shoulders.
"If we didn't need the fucking money so bad, I would deck DeWight right in the face and we would both be out of here," he continued, still making Dan feel awkward. "Look, I know you and Jen are into some weird shit, but keep us out of it, capiche? I don't know what happened, but if I ever find out you did anything to Mary, I will make you suffer," he said.
With that John left to the front of the club, leaving Dan standing there alone with his thoughts in turmoil. Finally he entered the office, knowing it was time for the meeting.
It was easy to dial into the videoconference, and Dan was surprised when all the monitors in the office powered up, the main screen on the computer showing Chuck in a large boardroom sitting alone. The other monitors each showed other men's faces he did not recognize, until one of the screens revealed Tim and another man he did not know.
Tim had not been close enough to the girls or even at the club long enough to know Dan and Jen were engaged, but he did know Dan was a regular at the club. John had revealed Tim suspected Dan was seeing one of the girls, but did not know which one. By the time Chuck entered the picture Tim was promoted to the manager of the Wet Cherry. He recalled Chuck saying Tim was in LA, so assumed the man next to him was the manager of the LA club.
Although he did not know anybody else, the idle conversations across the video screens made it apparent the other men were all well-acquainted, as they chatted about various miscellaneous things ranging from their families to the weather.
Finally Chuck's voice came across the computer speakers, all the idle chatter stopping. "Gentlemen, I think it's time to begin. First order of business is we have a couple of new faces, so I would like to introduce each of you," he said.
First Tim was introduced, followed by Dan who merely said hello as the other men welcomed him. He was slightly ticked off at Chuck for mentioning his childhood nickname for him, but it could not be helped as his attention was suddenly drawn to the computer screen as Chuck spoke up again.
"And finally," Chuck's voice announced loudly over the speakers, "the person I know most of you have been waiting to meet, Diamond, our new DSA Spokesmodel!" he announced.
Dan stared in shock as Jen entered the room naked—or at least mostly naked, as he realized she was at least wearing a silver thong. But her breasts were bare and other than the boots she was wearing, she was wantonly exposed to everybody in the conference session.
As she moved to sit down, he heard Chuck's voice come over the speakers, "No Diamond, no need to sit there. Come here and sit on my lap."
Several of the men laughed openly, and as she turned towards Chuck one of the men on the monitors said, "Nice ass!" as Jen walked towards Chuck who pulled back his chair and slapped his thigh as an invite to her.
Dan watched mesmerized as his almost-naked fiancée turned and sat in his rival's lap, Chuck reaching out and pulling her across him and the chair as her breasts bounced roughly and she gave a 'yelp' of surprise.
Another voice came from the speakers saying "And titties!" as the mixed laughter of the strange men once again came across the speakers, openly admiring his fiancée.
"Now that I think we're all comfortable," Chuck said to the chuckles of several of the men, "let's get down to business."
Most of the meeting was boring, as the men talked about shipments of something or another or how their club was doing and whatnot. As the content had nothing to do with Dan or what he was 'hired' to do for Chuck, he let his mind wander, thinking back to Mary's blowjob and his reciprocating cunnilingus.
The meeting suddenly caught his attention when one of the managers said something about hiring some girls, Jen's voice speaking up over the speakers telling the man she did not hire them.
It was obvious the manager was not only shocked, but also pissed as he insulted Jen. Dan watched and listened as Chuck explained how Diamond would be taking full responsibility of the dancers, describing to the men she was now in charge of all hiring, firing, and any other issues the girls may have.
This was obviously news—and not welcomed—to the managers.
Den recalled Chuck's comment to Mary the other evening on his surprise that Jen would take her management role seriously. The meeting confirmed those suspicious as his future wife was apparently turning things upside down in her own fashion. Thinking back to the weekend and her contract, he recalled reading about some of those responsibilities and grinned. Even if she was not interested in the welfare of the girls—which she obviously was—she would do it as a way to piss Chuck off. Dan grinned to himself understanding Jen's reasoning—if she was forced to fulfill some parts of her contract, she was going to do them all, including being in control of the girls as Vice President of whatever services Chuck had said.
The other managers were visibly upset, one of them calling Jen a 'fucking whore' as they argued back and forth between each other. Finally Chuck spoke up, telling the men how it would be and there would be no other argument.
Apparently Chuck was used to not only ordering these men around, but expecting no dispute, as they all quieted down and he began to explain several other changes to the company's dancers, apparently all thought up by Jen.
Dan was proud of her for taking a stand for the girls. It was just like her to take a stand and fight for what she felt was right even if she herself was being treated differently. She had done the same thing with Willie when he had managed the Satin Kitty. Due to Jen's efforts, unlike a lot of clubs he had heard about, the girls all got along, helping each other out and actually most being friends with each other.
A subtle, seemingly out-of-place movement on the screen caught Dan's attention as Chuck explained to the managers Jen's new role. With growing dismay Dan saw Chuck's hand moving along Jen's upper leg.
The image was not clear, but after playing around with the video conferencing settings Dan realized he could zoom the camera. As he did his eyes widened in dismay to see Chuck's hand sliding between Jen's legs!
Then he noticed something impossible to see without having the camera zoomed in so closely—Jen's thong had obviously been unclasped, no sign of the small material present as she laid naked across Chuck's lap!
With the camera focused so closely, he could only watch in growing horror as Chuck's arm began moving—and then, to Dan's complete dismay, his heart beating madly, he watched speechless as Jen's hips began to rock in rhythm!
Dan's mind went completely into shock as he realized Chuck was touching Jen's crotch—and worst of all, her body was responding.
His mouth went dry when he heard Jen's gasp in the background—recognizable after having heard the same response from her many nights in the bedroom. It was the gasp Dan himself heard every time he touched Jen's clitoris, her body's involuntary response complete affirmation as to what his rival was doing.
Meanwhile Chuck nonchalantly explained the other changes in management of the dancers and how they would now be handled, his voice steady and no different than any other conversation, giving no indication that he was blatantly feeling up a naked woman in his lap.
Dan cared little about what Chuck was saying as he watched his rival's hand move between his fiancée's legs. Then his attention focused back upon Chuck as the man said, "Oh, and I am giving the green light on all production settings for Diamond's tour."
Dan did not know exactly what that meant, but from the smiles and leers of most of the managers on the other screens, he had a feeling it did not bode well for Jen as Chuck continued.
"Diamond and I have reached an understanding, and she is willing to abide by the terms of her contract completely," he said with a smile. "So I see no reason not to approve all of your suggestions. Isn't that right Diamond?" he asked.
Suddenly Dan saw Jen's body jerk, her eyes and mouth opening wide as she sucked in a gasp, and Dan knew without any doubt his childhood rival had slipped one, if not more, fingers into his fiancée's bare pussy. And he was obviously not the only one who knew what was going on, as everybody became aware of what was happening, that Chuck was fingering Jen—or Diamond.
The men's approvals were vocalized as Dan's dismay turned into completely desolation, watching as Jen's hips began to move shamelessly, her motions no longer subtle as Chuck's hand sped up, openly finger-fucking her in front of everybody!
Dan could only watch in humiliation, trepidation, and—he was ashamed to admit—excitement as Jen's breathing became more erratic and louder, her breath passing out of her mouth in ragged gasps while her hips lurched shamelessly in response to Chuck's fingers moving in and out of her slit.
No longer under any pretense of being subtle, Chuck's hand began moving as rapidly between Jen's legs as Dan's had done to Mary the other night, everybody watching on the screens with lascivious looks.
Then, to Dan's horror and shameful excitement, he watched as Chuck bent down and took one of Jen's breasts into his mouth!
Dan could only watch in morbid fascination as Jen's head fell back, a loud groan filling the boardroom as she gave herself up completely to Chuck's assault upon both her core with his hand and her breast with his mouth.
Abruptly Jen's body began convulsing frantically on Chuck's lap as she moaned loudly, "Oh God! Yes! Oh God! Oh God! Yes!" repeatedly, her body obviously overcome with an orgasm, too absorbed with her own release to care about the strangers watching her ravishment.
Chuck continued his vigorous assault upon Jen's body until after several more waves of orgasms, her body went slack, her head falling backwards against the arm of the chair, too overwhelmed with her release to even hold herself up.
Zooming the camera out, Dan saw Jen limply splayed across Chuck's lap, one of her feet now on the ground and her legs spread. It was only then Chuck sat back up, his saliva coating Jen's breasts, her nipples and areolae sparkling in the fluorescent lights.
Dan stared speechless, unable to divert his eyes when he was suddenly startled, his body jerking in surprise as the speakers erupted in applause, the managers congratulating Chuck.
Chuck laughed as he looked down at the woman spent upon his lap and said, "Gentleman, I think that is a perfect ending for the meeting, don't you agree?"
And then the meeting was over, the video cameras going blank.
Dan sat back in Chuck's executive office chair dumbfounded. He had known Jen would be exploited physical and sexually; however, he had not been prepared for how blatant, brazen, and opened it would be. It was not even the end of the first week and he had not only seen pornographic pictures of her masturbating, but had watched the man he hated most in the world, who had teased and humiliated him all his life, finger-fuck her in full view during a corporate board meeting!
He was about ready to call it quits—to call Jen and attempt to run away with her and take their chances—when the cell phone the FBI had given him began ringing.
"Hello?" he answered, inwardly hoping it was Jen to tell him she was alright.
Instead, he heard Agent Geiger's voice come across the receiver, "Don't say anything, we still don't know if that room is bugged or not. Meet me at the café down the street from your apartment at nine tonight," he said before the line went dead.
The intrigue of a clandestine meeting with the FBI was the diversion he needed to break his despair, although he was still ashamed and remorseful after what he had observed. His shame was not only towards Jen and what she had endured, but worst of all he was ashamed at how turned on he had gotten watching Jen on the screen.
As if it were another person's body, he looked down at his crotch, his erection obvious. He should be mad, heartbroken, and a ton of other vengeful and horrified emotions a loving fiancé should be, but instead, he had gotten turned on.
His mind in too much chaos after seeing Jen's abuse over the live video conference, Dan decided to go home, having no more desire to deal with being at the strip club or anything to do with Charles DeWight III. There was little else to do with Chuck out of town, and staying in the club would only cause more drama between John and Mary, so Dan left the club for the night.
Instead, he arrived 'home' and wasted time sulking in the apartment until eight-thirty, leaving and walking down the street to meet with the FBI agent.
Entering the café, Dan immediately saw Agent Patrick Geiger sitting alone in a booth and joined him. After ordering a coffee—he did not have any appetite since the board meeting—the agent asked how he was doing.
"How am I supposed to be doing?" Dan asked in exasperation. "If you had bugs and shit around, you know what's been going on. How am I supposed to deal with...with...this?" he said, waving his arms around, finally able to get some of his pent up frustration voiced.
"I know, it wasn't easy for me either when Rachel went undercover," the man said. "She tried to become DeWight's girl before we understood his complete lack of respect towards women. I had to deal with pretty much the same things you are until she disappeared," the Agent told him.
"You were close?" Dan asked, distracted and feeling a camaraderie with the agent that just now surfaced.
The FBI agent nodded. "It's against agency policy for partners to fraternize," the agent smiled wanly, "but yeah. In fact, she was planning on requesting a transfer after this assignment so we didn't have to hide our relationship any longer," the agent said.
"Is she dead?" Dan asked bluntly, immediately apologizing, "I'm sorry, that's rude of me," he said.
"No, no, it's fine," the agent said. "The honest truth is, I don't know. If she is alive, I can't imagine what she's going through, and it may be better off if she were dead," he said. "I just don't know."
The men sat in silence for a while until the agent said, "You know she's doing a good job, don't you? She's given us three solid leads already," he told Dan. "I'm not supposed to discuss the case with either of you, but things are looking good, better than we've had in years. If we can find enough evidence that builds a solid enough case, we could have something to act on in only a couple months," the agent said.
"Months?" Dan said in anguish. "You expect me to watch my fiancée be an unwilling victim of the sex trade for months?" he said.
"Look, I know it's not an ideal solution," Geiger said, as Dan snorted, both men quieting as their waitress set down their coffees, continuing after she left. "I have been on this investigation for YEARS. Something coming to light in a few months is incredible progress. I am aware of what is being done to her, but Diamond has been a trooper. Through all of this she has given a hundred-and-one percent. The truth is if she had refused and gotten belligerent with DeWight, she would have been harmed a lot worse than losing her dignity. That she's not only played her part perfectly and not been harmed but has not complained is remarkable. We can't ask for more than her safety," he said.
After a few moments of silence, each lost in their own thoughts, the agent gave Dan a leather case, telling him it contained a small digital recorder as well as a GPS system built into a pen set.
"Diamond will have access to more secure areas by virtue of her being on the board of directors," the agent said, "but you should keep everything with you at all times if the opportunity arises and you find something worthwhile."
Seeing Dan's surprise at his statement, the agent laughed.
"Yes, she is an actual board member for DSA. We looked into her position a bit more and surprisingly DeWight designed the Spokesmodel position for more than just exploitation. We can only assume he did it as a tongue-in-cheek gesture, but it is obviously biting him in the ass now. That's why Miss Simmons was at the board meeting today," the agent explained. "Her main reason being there was a requirement of her position, not because she is new like you or to be humiliated—although I'm sure DeWight will find every chance he gets for that—but unlike you being there more as DeWight's 'friend,' she is an actual executive of the company," the agent told him.
"In fact, it's the reasons DeWight had to give in to her requests for more control on the dancers," he said, confirming Dan's suspicion the agents had listened in on the meeting. "Legally he could not refuse if it went to that point, although he did try to work it towards his advantage. His announcement of her taking over those responsibilities within the meeting was more of a power play with the managers than any acceptance of her being able to do the job," the agent said.
Dan suddenly realized Jen had been wearing her surveillance jewelry during the meeting, wondering how much the agents had known what was happening beyond her sitting in Chuck's lap.
"The biggest thing for you is not to take any risks that will get you noticed and raise DeWight's suspicions. You can fake being the new guy only long enough. Just use common sense—if you don't belong in an area, don't go there. Diamond now has more access to the company than you ever will, so leave her to find some the more obscure evidence," the agent said as they finished their coffees and eventually bid each other goodbye.
Although his meeting with the FBI agent was what he needed to convince Dan Jen was actually doing some good and there being a possible light at the end of the proverbial tunnel, the thought of Chuck having his way with her repeatedly was still upsetting and it was a long time until sleep came to him.
As the party started to get underway, Dan's thoughts turned back to early this morning, when he had driven to the airport in order to meet up with Chuck for the weekend here at his house. He had been troubled all day, knowing Jen's DSA Spokesmodel Debut Party was planned for the evening, and not knowing what to expect had him uncomfortable all day. It was also the first time he had seen Jen—beyond pictures or video conferencing—since the FBI had met with them, and he was worried about his reactions whether Chuck noticed.
When he had arrived at Chuck's house this morning his mouth had literally fallen open. He had taken a taxi cab here, and after they had buzzed through the gate and drove around the corner he could only stare speechless at the amazing house Chuck lived in. It was something you only read about in movie star magazines and such.
Chuck had met him on the porch, anxious to show his childhood 'buddy' the entire house, from the dozen bedrooms to full working gym and dance studio and the indoor pool which led outside to a grotto-like setting outdoor pool.
"Hefner has nothing on this fucking addition," Chuck had said, stating his pool was more natural and had more secluded spots than the Playboy mansion.
But was even more apparent was Chuck's attitude towards women not limited to only work. As they wandered around, Dan was surprised to observe three things about the house staff: they were all female; all were beautiful; and third, the most upsetting, all were clad only in high heels and a thong, walking around topless and practically naked! Once again Chuck's exploitation of women was blatantly manifested. Although the women seemed comfortable enough in their nudity and him, a stranger, wandering around, the fact Chuck even demanded such protocol left a bad taste in his mouth.
His reverie over the weekend was broken as one of those same beautiful staff members—now clad in matching black skirts to cater the party—brought him a refill of his drink, as well as a small plate of hors d'oeuvres.
Suddenly Chuck's voice came from behind him. "There he is, I'd like you to meet one of my oldest friends, Dan, or to use my childhood nickname, Three-D," he heard behind him, turning around.
Dan had been surprised at quite a number of things these past few weeks beyond the physical and sexual abuse of his fiancée; however, he was definitely not prepared to turn around and see Nick, the young FBI agent, arm in arm with Chuck!
The last time Dan had seen the agent had been when he had driven Dan around in the white surveillance van, testing the sound equipment and the connections to Jen's jewelry. The agent had continuously complained about not being able to do 'field work' and being stuck in the van his whole career, so Dan was completely at a loss as to why the agent was here and standing in front of him.
"Dan," Chuck said, "I'd like you to meet one of the luckiest men in the world," Chuck laughed. "May I introduce Nick Alexander, the lucky bastard engaged to our very own Diamond!" he said.
"What?" Dan said in total surprise, wondering what the hell was going on.
"Yeah, I was surprised too," Chuck said seeing Dan's face. "Who would have thought somebody looking like they had just stepped off a Goonies movie set would have bagged a girl like Diamond—no offense Nick," Chuck said, although Dan knew he could care less about the man's feelings, "but I have finally gotten to meet the man behind the curtain, so-to-speak" Chuck laughed.
Dan was barely aware of shaking the FBI agent's hand.
"Now if you two will excuse me, it's almost time for our big event," Chuck said. Looking at Nick he said, "You should be proud of your girl, she's surpassed even my own expectations," he laughed, leaving the two men alone.
"What the fuck!" Dan exclaimed in a hushed tone as soon as Chuck was out of earshot. "Diamond's fiancé?" he said looking at the FBI computer tech.
"Yeah, isn't it great?" Nick said excitedly with a large grin. "We've been trying to get an agent into DeWight's place for years. Rachel almost made it until she disappeared," he said back to Dan as he looked around the room obviously scoping the place out before turning back to Dan. "And now me, the computer geek, got an in. Not even Geiger has gotten this solid of a cover before," he said.
Finally, seeing Dan's expression, he blushed.
"I'm sorry, I know this is a rather abrupt change in things, but it just happen over the last two days," the young FBI agent said.
"How?" was all Dan could say, his mind still in shock at seeing the FBI agent here in DeWight's own home.
"Oh, I would have thought Miss Simmons—er, excuse me, Diamond, I'm going to have to get used to calling her by her real name," he said, his train of thought changing.
Dan had forgotten how ADHD the agent was as he waited for an answer.
"Oh yeah, well I was at your house fixing some of the surveillance equipment and in walked none other than Charles DeWight. I thought my ass was toast when he introduced himself, saying it was good to finally meet Diamond's fiancé—can you believe that shit. I didn't even have to suggest anything," he said proudly.
"Wait, you and Chuck were in my house?" Dan said in surprise. Then he turned to the agent and asked, "Why the hell didn't Geiger warn me last night?" he said as both he and the FBI agent watched Chuck getting on the stage with the two-story pole.
"You talked to Pat last night? I don't know why he didn't tell you," the agent said shrugging as he turned back to the stage.
Dan wondered if the agent had forgotten or was testing to see how he would react at a sudden notice; however, it was a moot point as his attention was also drawn to the stage as Chuck's voice came loudly over the speakers, drawing everybody's attention to him as the room quieted.
"May I have your attention," the adult entertainment tycoon said. "I first want to welcome all of you here on this special occasion. It has been a few years since Divine Silk Attractions has selected a spokesmodel, but I've been waiting until we found that very special person," he said. "I am pleased to say that all that waiting has paid off," he announced to a quiet applause.
Waiting for the clapping to subside, Chuck went on. "I'm sure many of you have seen some of the preliminary media we've released, but nothing has prepared you for what you are about to see and what you will see in the future. Tonight's a special occasion, as it is the debut of our Spokesmodel as well as the introduction of her to DSA itself, having recently joined the company. Tonight is your night to get to know Diamond—figuratively of course, not in the Biblical sense, that will cost you," Chuck laughed with the rest of the crowd.
Dan wondered what the Hell he meant as the man continued.
"Anyways, it's not me you came here to see, so without further ado, I would like to introduce you to Divine Silk Attractions new Spokesmodel, Diamond!" Chuck announced.
Immediately the lights went out, flooding the room in twilight as a large applause ensued. The only light came from the kitchen and serving areas as the scantily clad hostesses went in and out of the kitchen.
Suddenly the speakers flooded with Skillrex' 'Bangarang' as a spotlight turned on, illuminating the second floor balcony between the two large curved staircases.
Dan's breath caught as he beheld his fiancée centered in the spotlight as the crowd again erupted in applause. As the music started she began to move her body quickly to the beat, standing on some platform that had her raised above the banister.
Dan saw she was wearing a white lace and pink outfit with a long overcoat—which he absently hoped would not get tangled in her pole routine. The outfit was a skimpy lace bra and skirt, thong or G-string panty, garters, stockings, and tall stiletto platform sandals and she looked stunning with her tanned skin and perfect body.
This was Jen's element, dancing before a crowd, and Dan could tell she was immediately into the scene. He knew she must have warmed up earlier, as her body was lose and limber, also wondering if she had drank a little to loosen up, often needing a little liquid courage for her first dance.
The crowd was wild, screaming, whistling, and clapping, nothing like the quiet black-tie and gown affair it had been moments earlier. Now the ballroom was more reminiscent of a strip club, the mood rowdy and festive now that the party's main attraction—his very own fiancée—danced.
As the room filled with music Jen moved her hips exaggeratedly, shaking and shimmying with the music. Suddenly as the first chorus came across the speakers, "Bangarang, BANG!" and Dan cried out loud with the rest of the crowd as to everybody's astonishment Jen leaped off the balcony to the pole several feet in front of the landing, spinning completely extended in a perfect flagpole maneuver, rotating parallel to the floor as the music played and the audience cheered and clapped tremendously.
Tucking her body in, Jen immediately flipped/rolled to the crowd's amazement, now spinning backwards in a reverse grab spin while the crowd again applauded and cheered loudly.
Dan wondered how long Jen had practiced this set, as it was flawlessly in synch with the song, watching in pride as she again tucked her body in and hooked her feet around the pole, doing a perfect pretzel spin transitioning into an inverted flip as the crowd continued its loud praise.
Jen's body moved to perfection, her interchanges in perfect harmony to the song which beat fast and furious.
Jen moved into a combination daredevil and scorpion, ending in a perfectly straight superman stance while still spinning on the pole—which Dan knew was extremely difficult, seeing this was not a spinning pole, but Jen's body was elegant and graceful holding herself up by only the strength of her legs.
It was a testament as to how much Dan paid attention to his fiancée's dancing, knowing the moves as well as how difficult her maneuvers were, watching in pride and wonder with the crowd as she moved around the pole, performing one advanced technique over the other—and still two stories in the air!
Jen completed a few more inverted maneuvers high above the crowd before she slowed down, going parallel to the floor again in a plank maneuver, immediately converting it into a full moon.
Then, to the crowd's awe and cheers, she pulled her legs up into a handstand and did a perfect zero gravity walk as if she were actually walking on the wall as the instrumental portion of the song played.
As the music sped up Jen pushed her body out, parallel to the pole, and began doing a body wave, slowly working herself around the pole with her hands, again an amazing move on a stationary pole.
The crowd was hysterical as Jen again flipped over into a brass monkey spin, still high above the crowd's heads as she once again became inverted. Once more pushing her body outwards parallel to the pole, she began doing a flawless inverted body wave!
This was a new maneuver for her and Dan could not help but be impressed by the sheer strength of Jen's limbs as her body moved meticulously.
As the music came to the end Jen once again performed several advanced maneuvers, her legs fanning out high above the crowd as she did an initial eye opener move, then pushed her body out and performed a perfect Iron X again to the crowd's cheers.
Pulling her legs back in, Jen literally rolled perpendicular to the pole, her body extending out this time being held up by only her feet as she stretched her arms and body out, performing a perfect starfish maneuver!
Dan was clapping with the rest of the crowd, completely caught up in the routine. Jen always gauged her routines based on how well she could suck in not only the crowd, but him as well, as he always saw the ugly beginnings of the routines which often led to her failed attempts, but he was completely engrossed, caught along with the crowd in her mesmerizing performance as Jen's body defied gravity and physics on the pole.
The song came to an end and Jen once again inverted herself, her back arching as she fanned out her arms, held up by her thighs and knees.
As the brief silence between songs filled the room, Dan knew what was coming, and even he gasped as Jen suddenly dropped the full two stories, catching herself inches above the floor of the stage with her arms as she flipped her legs out into the splits, slowly pulling them together as she rolled smoothly on to her feet!
The crowd went wild, cheering and screaming as Jen began dancing to the next song, which, due to the roaring of the crowd, Dan could barely make out. Finally he recognized Iggy Azalea's 'Take My Pic' coming across the speakers.
After such a strenuous pole demonstration Dan knew this next routine—and even the one after—were going to be simple dance sequences, Jen's body needing to rest after such an initial strenuous pole routine.
As Jen exaggeratedly strutted down one of the 'V' extensions of the stage, her ass swaying with each step, Dan was again amazed at how sensual she moved, her body dancing perfectly to the rhythm of the song. It was as if she was made of rubber, her body moving sensually first down one arm of the stage, then to the next as the crowd continued to cheer.
Jen's hands were constantly moving across her body, squeezing her breasts through the robe and the top, then sliding down to her hips, her ass, even to her crotch which she cupped sensually.
She made dancing Seductive with a capital 'S' and once again Dan was completely absorbed in her routine.
"She is fucking amazing," the FBI agent said next to him, Dan having forgotten he was even there, so engrossed in Jen's performance.
Dan nodded numbly as he watched his fiancée dance. As she moved, the robe—fastened only at her chest—flowed behind her like a wisp, completely at one with her body as if she wore them all the time, flowing seductively in synch with her movements.
Returning back to the center of the stage, Jen dropped into the splits and rolled her body over, humping the floor and then doing a body wave on the floor while the crowd again cheered to her suggestive movements.
Inverting herself on her shoulders, she fanned her legs out into several splits before once again returning to her feet, her body swaying sensually.
Then the crowd roared as she slowly untied the lace robe, slowly and seductively removing it agonizingly slow as the song came to an end.
Although it was completely transparent and readily apparent what she was wearing underneath, the crowd roared as Jen took the robe off and threw it into the audience.
Jen pirouetted around the pole as the next song began, Dan recognizing David Guetta and Snoop Dogg's 'Sweat.' As the song played over the speakers Dan realized it was a club version, the actual title being 'Wet' as Jen moved seductively around the pole.
As she moved her hips, the small fluffy lace skirt fanned out, revealing occasional glimpses of her ass cheeks and crotch, hidden only by the small fabric of her G-string.
As he had guessed, Jen's dance for this song was less strenuous than her opening number, but nobody complained as her body once again became an extension of the pole, moving quickly and flawlessly to the beat of the song as she pulled herself up onto the pole.
This routine was composed mostly of fan kicks and inverts, purposely made to be flashy and have her all over the pole, but nothing strenuous like the first song's maneuvers. Even though her moves were beginner and intermediate level, her act was no less difficult due to the transitions Jen used in between each maneuver.
Once again she performed several body waves, this time standing on the stage and holding her body out from the pole, but her movements were no less seductive as her body flowed as if made of silk. Then she spun around, doing a 360 fan kick, spinning around the pole in a fireman stance as she lowered herself to the ground in the splits.
Jen—or Diamond Dan realized, knowing Jen's stripper persona was in full force—slowly rolled to her knees and stood up with her ass pushed out exaggeratedly as her hips moved side to side, her hair fanning out as she once again spun around the pole. This time she performed an invert, moving into a caterpillar crawl backwards up the pole, her body getting higher and higher as Dan and the crowd applauded. Dan knew this maneuver was difficult to perform, yet Diamond made it look easy as her body backed up the pole.
As the song came to an end, Diamond once again dropped, an audible gasp coming from the crowd as she caught herself at the last minute, slowly lowering herself until she was lying upon the floor, her legs spread as the crowd once again applauded.
When the next song came on Diamond rolled over and doing a cartwheel-like roll, fanned her legs out and literally slithered off the stage, landing on her feet as she moved seductively to Yo Gotti's '5 Star Remix.'
Diamond did a routine similar to her earlier pole dance; however, this time she used people standing in the crowd as her 'pole' as she grabbed one man, pirouetted around him, and then did a body wave against him before moving on to another man.
The crowd was loud as everybody moved around trying to view her as she moved from man to man, even an occasional woman, doing a lap dance while people were standing still as she moved around them seductively.
The immediate area around her cleared and with room to move, Jen she spread her legs, slowly lowering her torso and shaking her ass vigorously as the crowd roared in approval. Then Diamond kicked her leg out, slowly turning around as her hands moved across her body as she slowly stood up.
Pulling another man into the cleared area around her, she once again began using him like a pole, strutting around him while she held onto him, first performing a body wave and then dropping down to her knees, leaning her body against him as she pivoted, fanning her legs around him slowly and seductively as Nicki Manaj's last chorus came. As the song slowly came to a close Diamond slowly reached up and the crowd cheered as she bent down, suddenly raising herself quickly—only without her top—as the song ended.
Dan had not thought the crowd could get any louder, but he was wrong as the crowd went crazy in response to Diamond's gorgeous breasts being revealed.
Diamond merely smiled seductively, lost in her own world as she began moving seductively to the next song, which Dan recognized as Lil Wayne's 'Fireman.'
Diamond danced in true Atlanta stripper fashion for this song, her ass jiggling and shaking wildly as her skirt flew out over and over, revealing her ass cheeks bouncing frantically and unrestrained.
The applause and cheers were immense as she moved through the crowd, continuously moving her hips and ass in a frenzy, her breasts followed suit, her chest moving as if on a rollercoaster ride, bouncing and swaying in front of her. She moved her hands around her body, sliding them across her hips, ass, and even cupped her breasts.
At one point she came by Dan and Nick, and smiling at them, dropped to her haunches right in front of them, fanning her legs as her tits swayed wildly. Using Dan as a pole, Diamond slowly moved up him in a caterpillar-like move, then spun around to Nick as she pirouetted around him, pressing her bare tits against his chest and giving him a big kiss to the crowd's thunderous roar of approval before pushing off him and moving back into the crowd to another man.
Dan watched as man after man eagerly attempt to get in her path to be used as her 'pole' but she moved erratically and randomly from person to person, never headed in the same direction as everybody laughed good-naturedly.
The only method to her madness Dan saw was her moving closer and closer to the stage. Finally reaching the stage, she slithered back onto it, humping the stage and fanning her legs to the crowd seductively as the song slowly came to an end, the audience bursting into another loud applause.
Diamond again danced slowly and seductively on the stage, this time to Big K.R.I.T.'s 'Temptation,' moving her body slowly and erotically to the beat of the song.
During this routine she used the pole more as a prop, keeping her feet on the ground but swaying bewitchingly to the steady slow beat.
Sinking down to her haunches, Diamond fanned her legs out to the crowd to their roar of approval, spreading her knees wildly as she sank lower to the ground until she rolled and undulated on the floor rhythmically to the music.
Raising her legs over her, resting on her shoulders, Dan watched as she slowly reached to her hips. Tucking her knees and legs, he cheered with the rest of the crowd as she slowly removed her skirt, completely inverted as the material slowly moved off her hips, then thighs, and finally, tucking her legs close, slid the material off her feet.
Slowly rising back to her feet, she was clad now in nothing but a garter, stockings, G-string, and white platform heels. Even Dan was amazed at how fluid her movements were, watching and barely breathing as her hands moved over her body, swaying enthrallingly to the music as she squeezed her ass, then her breasts, and then sliding back down to cup her crotch.
The crowd was subdued, completely mesmerized by her seductive dance as the song slowly came to an end.
When Far East Movement's 'Candy' began playing, Diamond once again glided off the stage, mingling with the crowd as her hips and tits swayed seductively, her body moving exaggeratedly.
Dancing erotically amongst the crowd, she did not focus on any person like before, instead dancing more freestyle, performing similar moves she had done on the stage.
As the refrain came she began again jerking her hips wildly, her ass cheeks moving frantically as the crowd cheered. Slowly moving her hips wider and wider, she turned and suddenly dropped to the ground fanning her legs out.
Dan saw her almost clip somebody in the face with her shoes, narrowly missing him as the crowd took the warning and backed up around her, but nobody upset, instead wanting more.
Again the refrain came and this time Diamond's torso began moving quickly, her breasts swaying as frantically as her ass had done before as she moved her breasts and pectorals frantically.
Standing up, she strutted to the middle of the ballroom as the crowd once again surrounded her. Lowering herself to the floor, she performed another body wave and once again spun herself up by her shoulders, her legs straight up in the air.
The crowd cheered as she reached up and slowly unsnapped each garter from her stockings, her fingers slowly unclasping each attachment one-by-one as the material fell towards her hips away from her silken clad legs. Once all four clasps were done, she lowered her ass to the floor and arched her body up, pulling the garter belt down past her thighs, then her calves, and finally kicking it into the audience as the crowd clapped and yelled.
Standing up, dancing seductively in nothing but a G-string and stockings, Diamond swayed and strutted back to the stage, the crowd parting in front of her automatically as she moved in time to the music.
As if choreographed a thousand times, Jen moved onto the stage was holding the pole as the next song immediately began.
Dan recognized the new song by Muse—'Madness'—and watched enthralled as Diamond pulled her entire body up on the pole with just her arms, slowly inverting seductively to the haunting melody.
With her feet now up in the air, he noticed she had amazingly performed the maneuver slipping out of her shoes, leaving them sitting side-by-side at the base of the pole as her body rose higher up the pole in only her stockings and G-string.
This routine was as strenuous and difficult as her first. Having given her shoulders, wrists, and ankles enough rest from the earlier workout, Dan knew she was both warmed up and rested. In fact, this routine was even more difficult, as although she was performing many of the same moves as earlier, those were done with a fast song, so inertia had been on her side to help her in her transitions. Now, moving slowly and exaggeratedly along the pole, Diamond was using sheer strength.
Diamond's body moved elegantly, as if flowing through a thick liquid, in beat to the music, and the crowd once again applauded as Diamond performed another zero gravity walk, followed by an aerial body wave once she 'walked' right-side up.
Moving her body and completely extending herself to a superman position, Dan watched breathless with the rest of the crowd as she slowly reached out and began rolling off one of her stockings, pulling her leg closer until she let it flutter to the ground. Diamond then rotated and literally rolled over lateral to the pole, inverting herself as she again reached up and slowly took off the adjacent stocking.
Dan and the entire room were entranced as Diamond moved fluidly and gracefully, her maneuvers mercurial and haunting, and without a single mistake even Dan with his trained eye could see.
Diamond's body was almost body ethereal on the pole, and Dan had to admit this was her best performance and her best routine. In all the years he had watched her perform, she had never moved as gracefully.
As the song slowly came to a close Diamond once more slide down the pole in an inverted caterpillar move. Without breathing the audience watched as she slowly extended her body out and performed another starfish maneuver, her breasts jutting out proudly from her body as she held herself motionless for several seconds before slowly pulling her body in and lowering her feet to the ground, her movements seamless.
Then the crowd went wild they watched, as if she had performed the move a million times, Diamond lower her body and slip her feet flawlessly into her shoes at the bottom of the pole!
The next song was another slow one, and Dan did not immediately recognize it, while the repeated refrain of "Pussy. Pussy. Pussy" came across the speakers over and over.
Diamond moved fluidly with the slow music, once again using the pole more as a prop as her body swayed seductively to the song, her steps high and sensual, and her hips swaying suggestively.
A female rapper began singing and Dan finally recognized the song as a rendition of Iggy Azalea's 'Pu$$y' as Diamond's body moved seductively, undulating on the stage as her hands moved sensually across her body.
With the constant refrain of 'Pussy' echoing through the room, Diamond rolled onto the ground, splaying her legs wide open before the crowd as she undulated her hips, grinding them as if there was an imaginary man between her legs pumping into her.
The crowd obviously caught the reference, urging her on as she began pumping her hips methodically to her imaginary lover. Slowly she rolled onto her hands and knees, her hips not missing a thrust from her imaginary lover as she began moving as if being fucked doggy style, the crowd again cheering her on.
Everybody watched entranced as Diamond suddenly lifted her head, arching her back down and her ass up as she simulated an orgasm, the crowd responding with another deafening applause.
The crowd quieted as quickly as it erupted in applause while Diamond slowly stood up and turned away from the crowd. Slowly she bent over, her ass and legs fully on display before the crowd.
Suddenly the crowed again erupted in deafening praise as Diamond reached up to her hips and pulled the G-sting down her legs, brazenly displaying her pussy as she stepped out of the flimsy panty to the song's ending.
The crowd continued its applause as Diamond, now completely naked other than her stripper shoes, suddenly began running down one side of the stage as Linkin Park's 'Bleed It Out' began playing, the fast music urging her on.
Reaching the end, Diamond did a cartwheel—not easy in seven-inched platform shoes—as the song's beginning played, landing in a perfect splits as her body began moving to the music.
Diamond's body moved rapidly with the song, in complete contrast the previous songs. Due to the exaggerated movements of her body, her tits and ass swayed wildly.
Moving to the other side of the stage, she once again dropped down into the splits. Grabbing her breasts, she bobbed them to the crowd's cheer as she smiled, rolling and fanning her legs out giving a brief, but candid view of her slit as she got back to her feet, running back to the other side of the stage and repeating her performance for that side.
Dan watched transfixed as Diamond moved her naked body all over the stage, her hair and breasts and ass moving wildly as she oscillated to the beat of the music.
Running back to the center of the stage, Diamond grabbed the pole and spun around it in an angel spin before coming back to the stage and raising her hands, jerking her hips wildly side to side in rhythm with the song as her body danced.
Diamond's body moved as fluidly to the fast song as it had to the slower ones, moving easily and gracefully as the crowd urged her on.
When the song ended in applause, Diamond immediately jumped off the stage, swaying her hips exaggeratedly to the beat of Nickelback's 'Gotta Get Me Some,' her body moving seductively.
Once again she began dancing against one man after the next, her body swaying erotically.
Dan saw the crowd was now bolder than before and now that she was naked, reaching around her and cupping her ass, even grabbing her tits as she turned away from them.
Diamond smiled the whole time, lost in her stripper zone as she began dry humping against the next man she danced for, moving rhythmically as the refrain beat methodically.
Dan watched as she ground her ass into another man, who immediately reached around and squeezed her breasts to the crowd's roars, cheering him on as Diamond undulated in his grasp, her tits manipulated grossly before them.
Disentangling herself from him, she moved to another man who repeated the same groping until she turned, moving his hands down and feeling her ass as she faced him. Then she turned around, bending over and grabbing her own breasts while the man behind her grabbed her hips, slamming her ass back into his pelvis, drying humping her as Diamond slammed her body back into him to the refrain of the song.


Hotter than a sticker On a new Ferrari.

The crowd cheered wildly as she then moved through the crowd, man after man taking more liberties with her body, touching her breasts, her ass, a few even being bold enough to cup her crotch.
Through it all Diamond danced oblivious to the touches, strokes, and squeezes of her flesh.
Diamond began to dance towards him, looking directly into his eyes and Dan's eyes opened wide in surprise as he recognized the look of complete arousal.
The last time Dan had seen that look in Jen's eyes had been the night she had come home from 'practice' and fucked him senseless on the couch—later learning she had been high on Ecstasy.
Whether or not she was under any influence now was unknown, but she quickly passed by him, grabbing Nick and dancing seductively with him. Nick wasted no time touching her, his hands all over her body as the crowd again applauded as Dan stared, watching as she moved on to the next man, repeating her sensual dance in front of man after man, each touching her without any objection from her.
The song ended and transitioned into 'Black Betty,' the version being a rendition by Spiderbait.
Diamond immediately ran through the crowd, her breasts and hair flying as she did another cartwheel directly in front of the stage, launching herself up and landing upon the stage in a perfect split.
Rising to her feet, she turned around and grasped the pole, swaying her ass and hips wildly as the song played, looking over her shoulder with a seductive smile.
Grabbing the pole and lifting herself up, Diamond once again extended her body out, lifting her legs straight out before tucking them under her and climbing the pole.
To the crowd's delight and astonishment she began to move wildly, performing move after move so quickly is was difficult to tell when one ended and the next began. She was in constant motion, climbing higher and higher up the pole, her body moving rapidly in a blur of maneuvers, her legs and feet flying around the pole faster than Dan's eyes could keep track.
As the song reached a crescendo Diamond began spinning around the pole faster and faster until her body was a blur around the pole before finally tucking herself into a ball and dropping immediately to the ground, stopping at the last minute and finally lowering herself to the splits as her body continued to spin around the pole from her built up momentum. Then, in amazement, Dan watched as she suddenly raised her hands above her head, her body sliding and spinning on the floor until she ended facing the crowd, her hands raised above her head as the music stopped.
The crowd went wild, the noise reverberating through Dan's body as everybody applauded, stomped their feet, whistled, and cheered. Dan could not believe her performance, watching dumbfounded as Jen's chest heaved up and down, completely out of breath.
Dan saw Chuck get on the stage, his hands clapping as madly as everybody else's as he helped Diamond to her feet, completely naked except for her seven-inched white platform stripper shoes.
Holding his hands out to her he said loudly into the mic, "Ladies and Gentlemen, Diamond, the Divine Silk Attractions Spokesmodel!"
Again the crowd erupted in a cacophony of sound, all in praise of her performance.
Suddenly Chuck spun Jen around, his arm first around her shoulder and then her waist as he dipped her in a perfect dance move. Jen's arms went around his shoulders for balance and the crowd again erupted in applause as Chuck kissed her deeply.
Dan's mind went blank suddenly, not from the kiss or her performance, but in horror as he and everybody else watched Chuck's other hand instead of wrapping around her hips, move between Jen's legs!
The crowd roared its approval as Chuck blatantly French kissed and felt up Diamond's pussy. But it was not even Chuck's blatantly obscene groping of Jen's crotch causing his heart to stop, the world forgotten around him, but the response of his fiancée to Chuck's hand as Dan stared flabbergasted as Jen's hips moved shamelessly with complete abandonment back and forth in response to the man's touch!
Dan had a flashback of the board meeting the day before, watching on the video screen as Chuck fingered his fiancée in front of the club managers. Once again the scene was repeated, only now in front of hundreds of complete strangers.
And it was totally apparent to Dan and those strangers Diamond was doing the majority of the exertion, literally slamming herself recklessly into Chuck's hand.
Chuck let her work her body against his hand for a few more seconds before finally releasing her, pulling her back up and on her feet.
As Chuck once again announced, "Ladies and Gentlemen, once again, I present Diamond!" she looked around, her flushed expression readily apparent, not of embarrassment, but of arousal.
As the applause died down, Chuck announced loudly, "You'll all get a chance to meet her up close and personal tonight, but right now, if you'll excuse her, she will get more presentable for the party," he said as the crowd chuckled.
Dan watched as Jen made her way off the stage and up the stairs—still naked—until she turned down one of the hallways in the direction he presumed was her room.
Meanwhile, he saw Chuck make his way through the crowd towards him and Nick with a big grin, stopping only long enough to thank people who complimented him on Diamond's performance.
Finally reaching them, he yelled out, "God DAMN! Isn't she great," he said to them. Then looking at Nick he said, "Of course, you know she's great, but damn, that was one of the best performances I have ever seen," he said proudly.
Dan agreed as a skimpy dressed hostess brought them all drinks. Dan realized he had finished his drink long ago during the performance, not realizing how desperately he needed one now to calm his anxiety her performance. Now that Chuck was back, the hostesses swarmed around them like ants at a picnic.
********************
"Oh my God, that was fucking incredible!" Velvet exclaimed as she joined Jen in her bedroom. "I have never even seen half those moves, let alone somebody do them like they did them daily!" she said still excited. "You didn't do half of those during the practice," she admonished.
Jen nodded. "That's what typically happens," she replied. "I just do what feels natural. If I feel a maneuver should happen after the next, I do it. There's really little preparation other than loosening up my muscles for a set. That's why I told Mr. DeWight I would just 'wing it,'" she said.
She saw Velvet had changed, wearing a one-pieced stretched dress made of metallic blue material. The wide 'V' neckline showed off her cleavage to full advantage, while the bottom of the dress extended barely past her hips, and she knew the dress had to have been selected by Mr. DeWight. It looked stunning on the young woman, and it made her keenly aware of her own nudity as she kicked off her shoes.
Her mind was on other things, her thoughts returning to moments ago when Mr. DeWight had tilted her back and kissed her, his tongue invading her mouth like he owned it, her eyes opened wide in surprise, but not from the kiss. She had been shocked when, as he kissed her, his hand had reached between her legs, stroking her slit in front of the entire audience on the stage.
But what was worse was she had done nothing about it! In fact, she had groaned lust and actually impaled herself upon his hand, her anticipation at his hand stroking her slit to great as she literally began fucking his hand on the stage! She had already been worked up and wet from dancing, and as his tongue invaded her mouth, she had impaled herself onto his hand, his fingers sliding easily into her core. She was horrified to realize he probably could have fucked her right there on the stage—and she would have responded eagerly!
Jen could not believe how aroused she had gotten. It was not one single thing but an accumulation of everything—the dancing, the touch of the audience members, even the drinks her and Velvet had during her practice—and once again brought to her mind her last two weeks of sexual depravity.
"I'll say this, damn you can move girl," Velvet once again told and pulling her back to reality.
Jen thanked her assistant for the praise when both their attention was drawn to the bed, where another garment box sat.
Velvet said, "I guess that's your party dress?" she said as Jen nodded.
"Mr. DeWight said it was up here in the room," she told her assistant as they both sat on the bed and Jen opened the box.
On top of the tissue paper was a pair of black leather platform sandals, the red soles immediately announcing the brand without even having to look at the 'Christian Louboutin' signature on the inside sole.
"Wow, those are a pair of Charleze platform sandals," Velvet said, admiring the shoes.
Jen was not as familiar with expensive shoes as her assistant. Although she did own a pair of Louboutins, they were old and bought at a discount once they had gone out of fashion.
She looked down at the shoes, seeing a six-inched stiletto heel with two-inched platforms, three bands of leather which would cross over the top of her foot to the ankle strap, liking the angular pattern the straps gave.
Setting the shoes aside, she pulled away the tissue paper to reveal the outfit beneath.
As both of them looked into the box, Velvet snickered, while Jen said, "You have got to be kidding me."
Jen had expected something revealing, and in fact had prepared herself for it, assuming she would be wearing something along the lines of what the caterers were wearing—a skimpy dress and heels.
She was not prepared for what she saw in the box.
"Hey, at least you get to wear a pair of Loubies," Velvet said with a grin.
Jen rolled her eyes, "And that's about all I'll be wearing," she said as she pulled out what Mr. DeWight had selected for her to wear at the party.
The outfit was simple, consisting of only three pieces, but it was definitely more lingerie than anything she would expect to wear in public, let alone a party.
The 'dress' was similar to the robe she had worn during her routine, consisting of a sheer baby doll halter top fastened with crisscrossed black ribbons in the front and would leave her body fully exposed. The halter part had a dark pink and purple pattern, but as she held her hand beneath it, Jen saw it would leave nothing to the imagination, easily revealing her breasts through the sheer black lace. The remaining part of the 'dress' was an open flyaway, extending down to the ground. The cut of the dress was backless, the material not starting until much lower where she assumed it would barely cover her ass, probably doing more to cover the backs of her legs; however, the front separated immediately beneath her breasts to fan out past her sides and hips and leaving her entire mid-drift, pelvis, and legs bare.
Accompanying the 'dress' was a simple Y-backed black thong and a pair of black laced thigh-high stockings.
Jen knew there would be no getting out of wearing the outfit, and she had, moments ago, paraded around in front of all the guests naked, so the 'dress' was actually an improvement, albeit very slight. But her mind still recoiled at once again being put on display.
Sighing and resigning herself to her plight, she pulled up the thong and then stockings, finally slipping on the 'dress' and shoes.
As she stood up Velvet whistled. "Wow, you DO look fantastic, even if it is skimpy and more appropriate for bedtime than the gala below," she said with amusement.
Jen looked into the full length mirror and had to admit the outfit did look good on her, even if it reveal more of her body than it hid; however, it showed off all the best parts of her body as if it had been made just for her.
Knowing she had little recourse in the matter, she sat down on the vanity and reapplied her make-up.
She had just finished brushing her hair when there was a loud knock on the door. Without waiting for their reply or permission to enter Mr. DeWight immediately walked into the bedroom.
"Ah good, you're dressed," he said. "And that outfit looks spectacular," he said to her.
Jen thanked him for the compliment, although she still had reservations about wearing something so suggestive in public.
"I wanted to escort you down to the party, but first wanted to have a couple words with you," he told her. Looking at Velvet, he said, "We will meet you downstairs Velvet," immediately dismissing her.
Jen shrugged at her assistant, who left the room, leaving her alone with Mr. DeWight.
Immediately Jen's mind turned to body's lecherous response to Mr. DeWight's touch upon her core, her body warming as she felt to her dismay more arousal than embarrassment.
"First, I wanted to say that your performance tonight was amazing," Mr. DeWight told her, visibly pleased.
Jen thanked him but he held up his hand.
"No, I mean it was fucking amazing. I have never seen some of those moves and I've been a fan of pole dancing—even professional competition—for fucking years," he told her. "Some of those moves I would have thought impossible if I had not seen them tonight," he told her.
Jen was visibly pleased. Even though he was a corrupt person, Mr. DeWight's comment was truth, he had been around pole dancers for years, and it made her feel proud somebody with as much knowledge could recognize her performance professionally, as she had made up some of those maneuvers herself. She knew there were other pole dancers of high enough caliber that could have performed them such as Jenyne Butterfly, Felix Cane, or Pantera Blacksmith, but to perform them on the fly was something unusual.
"Now that the guests have watched you move and seen what you can do, it's time for you give them a sample of your wares, so-to-speak," Mr. DeWight told her suddenly, as Jen felt her heart skip a beat.
Looking at him in shock as she said, "I am not going to fuck anybody!" she told him adamantly.
"Of course not," Mr. DeWight told her, "at least not tonight," he added. Seeing Jen's shocked face he smiled. "Remember our agreement dear, you will not complain and I will let you have your way with the dancers," he reminded her, once again throwing their agreement into her face before continuing.
"No, you are too valuable to be a cheap piece of ass at a party," he told her. "Tonight is where you sell yourself—and I mean in terms of your career and the fact you are going to be the most successful DSA Spokesmodel in history. I want you to tease the fuck out of everybody down here," he told her pointedly. "The goal my dear," he said with a sly smile, "is to tease them to the point where they will buy in to attend your franchising party next week. You are to give them a sample, a small taste of what Diamond the porn actress is all about. Your job is to let them give you a kiss, or feel up your ass, or whatever else," Mr. DeWight told her to her shocked expression. "I really don't give a fuck what you let them do to you honestly, but your goal is to get them to part with their five grand to invest in attending next week's party," he told her.
"Five grand?" Jen echoed as Mr. DeWight smiled.
"Yes, five grand is the entry fee for them to be able to attend your franchise party next week. This money is merely a gate for them to ATTEND. Next week your performances will be to entice them to bid on the options to pay for your movies, screenings, travel, and everything else needed to invest in your career. The entrance fee is to filter out only the truly interested parties. The big money will hopefully be next week," he told her.
"So again, you are to be a slut tonight, but no actual intercourse. Let them feel you up, rub against you, and let them find out for themselves those tits are au natural and not man-made," he chuckled as Jen blushed. "But again, I reiterate, nothing too intimate. If you want to rub them a bit to tease them, or even wack somebody off that's fine, but nothing to completion," he told her bluntly. "The bottom line is to get them so worked up they will think nothing of dropping the entry fee for next week's franchise party. The gist of the party is to get them worked up to the point they are ready to explode and then suddenly cock-block them. The fact they will have an input into your career will be the ultimate turn-on for them," he said to her frankly.
Jen was mortified to hear him speak in such a fashion, although his comments did not surprise her. She had no intentions of doing anything like he suggested; however, recalling his blatant groping of her on the stage it now made sense. He had basically been broadcasting to the guests and announcing how far they could go with her.
Seeing Jen's expression Mr. DeWight shrugged, saying, "This is no different than working the club, only we're stepping the game up to a new level. You're letting the patrons have a bit of touchy feely," he laughed, "and the end result is the same, to get them to come to the VIP room and spend even more money for you," he smiled.
"It will be easy, use your God-given talents," Mr. DeWight went on. "Promise them anything, Hell promise them you'll fuck them from dawn to dusk, I don't really give a shit," he said, "Just get them to be willing to drop five grand into next week's franchising."
Once again observing her stunned face, he shrugged. "You don't HAVE to fuck them, only lead them on to thinking it," he laughed. "It is the ultimate seduction. Deep down they know none of them have a chance with you, but to get a glimpse of the possibility—it's all part of the game my dear," he again laughed.
Jen was reluctant to leave the room now knowing how she was expected to behave at the party; however, her reticence was due more from the thrill coursing through her at the thought of being on display in such a fashion.
She had no time to stall, as Mr. DeWight put his arm around her waist and led her out the doors, down the hall, and to the staircase.
As they came to the top of the stairs a hush immediately befell the ballroom below them, and then she was once again surprised as a chorus of applause welcomed her. She could only follow his lead as Mr. DeWight—smiling like a Cheshire cat—led her down the stairs and into the waiting crowd.
They were immediately enveloped by people praising her performance and she did her best to smile and thank them as Mr. DeWight handed her a glass of champagne. She suddenly was thankful for the glass of alcohol, as her nerves were getting the best of her both from the overwhelming interest people had of her as well as after her little 'pep talk' with Mr. DeWight.
There was no room for doubt on what he expected and wanted from her. He wanted her to tease and ultimately seduce as many men as possible at the party, bringing them to a state of arousal where they would think nothing of dropping five thousand dollars at the chance to have some control over her pornography actress career.
In one sense he was right, the approach was nothing different from what her and the other girls did night after night at the club, teasing and paying 'extra' attention to guys to get them to spend more money on a lap dance, or to buy the girls drinks at elevated prices, not to mention the extra tips. It was part of the stripper's game.
That she was using her body and feminine wiles to get money out of men was not a foreign concept, but this was taking it to a whole new level. Offering herself up to be groped and fondled in an attempt for them to be willing to pay five thousand dollars to invest in her DSA career.
"Ah, and here comes your first victim," Mr. DeWight said to her softly as she saw a fat elderly gentleman approach them.
"Charles, what a wonderful party you are throwing," the man said in a thick Russian-like accent. With his pronunciation it sounded like he had said 'vat a vunderfal party you're threwing' as Jen smiled back at the man, who was looking at her the entire time as if she were a prized steak on sale, even though he was talking to Mr. DeWight.
"And such a lovely reason for party," he said to Jen, looking openly at her breasts, barely concealed by the black lace of her top, as she forced a smile back at him. "My dear, your routine was exquisite, and a masterful acrobatic feat. It was truly inspiring how easy you made each move be," he told her as she attempted to understand his words through the thick dialect.
"Allow me to introduce Diamond," Mr. DeWight said with a big smile. "Diamond, I would like you to meet Sergey Pokrovski. Sergey sometimes helps me with oversea shipments," he told her.
"It's a pleasure," Diamond said as the large man took her hand and kissed the top of it.
"Ze pleasure iz all mine," the large man said, his eyes once again traveling straight to her breasts.
Any other time and Jen would have been disgusted from the blatant gawking upon her body; however, now, in this alternate reality where sex and perversion were an everyday occurrence, Jen was horrified to feel her body react in another way, a warmth enveloping her lower stomach as her nipples became engorged with the rush of blood from her increased pulse.
"Diamond, if you'll excuse me for a few minutes, I'll get us refills on our drinks," Mr. DeWight said as she looked surprisingly at her empty and forgotten champagne glass. "Sergey, would you mind keeping Diamond company for a bit," Mr. DeWight asked, looking at her with a raised eyebrow.
Jen realized he was purposely leaving her alone to see if she would 'schmooze' the man out of his money.
Mr. DeWight excused himself, leaving Jen and the fat man alone.
She felt awkward, uncertain as to how she was supposed to literally seduce the man. She was completely out of her element. In a strip club the girls would simply walk up to a guy sitting at a booth, sit on their lap, and introduce themselves. It was readily apparently in the first five minutes whether the man would be willing to part with his money for a lap dance—if not, the girls moved on to the next patron.
Here in a party setting with a crowd of people looking on, she did not know what to do, feeling like it was her first night at a club.
The large man solved the problem by immediately moving up to her, his arm wrapping around her. Her eyes widened at the feel of his warm hand against her bare body, realizing he had not merely put his arm around her, but had slid it beneath the skirt of her top. Her surprise was even greater when he slid his bare palm down her skin and rested it upon the cheek of her ass, his large palm practically engulfing her buttocks.
She became flooded with feelings of disgust—disgust at such an overweight man touching her, and disgust at her arousal for being touched, her previous lust coming to the forefront.
"So tell me dear," Sergey said as his hand slowly massaged her ass, "why should I play Charles' game and invest money in you? What makes you worth several hundred thousand dollars?" he asked.
"Several hundred thousand?" Jen said in surprise, her attention pulled away from the man's hand upon her ass to his face, her disbelief evident.
Sergey laughed. "What a delight, you are truly new to this business, no?" he asked as she nodded. There was no sense hiding her naiveté as the man again laughed. "Charles did not tell you he is looking for over a million dollars in investments for you," the man stated matter-of-factly, as if he were talking about the weather and not such a large sum of money. "For that kind of money, you are either very good, or Charles is trying to scam everybody, which is it?" he asked.
Jen gasped as the man squeezed her butt cheek, his hands moving across her nonchalantly as if he did this to women all the time, his blatant and opened touch putting her mind off balance.
"I have been told I'm very, very good," she said truthfully, although she knew it was not the context he was asking. "You've seen my dance routines," she said, as if in explanation.
"Ya, ya, you move well enough, but dancing iz much different than fucking, no?" he asked.
Suddenly Jen gasped as the man's hand slid between the back of her legs, cupping her crotch as he said, "Tell me the truth, how many cocks have been in this pussy this week alone. Any? One?" he said lecherously as Jen squirmed beneath his touch.
She saw no reason to lie, so looked at the man and said quietly to her shame, "Seven."
She counted Sean twice, as they were two different circumstances, but to admit how many men she had fucked this week alone caused her body to redden in embarrassment.
Sergey looked at her in surprise, and then burst out laughing. "Ohooiet'!" he exclaimed. "You definitely look more naïve than that," he laughed, "I would never have picked you for such a shliushka," he laughed.
Jen did not know what he meant, several of his words spoken in Russian, but the meaning was all too clear.
Once again she gasped as the man's finger pressed firmly against her slit, wedging her thong deeper between the folds of her body.
To her shame, she felt her body respond, her earlier arousal already priming her core as the fat Russian man laughed again, "And my, you are ready to go already, no?" he said.
Jen's entire body blushed in humiliation at the Russian's words, feeling the wetness of her slit even now as it absorbed into the material of her thong.
At that point Mr. DeWight came back, carrying two glasses of champagne with a big smile on his face.
"So are you two getting acquainted?" he asked, seeing Sergey's hand behind Jen and at least upon her ass, if not guessing the exact location of the man's hand.
"Cut the bullshit, Charles," the fat man said suddenly, pulling his hand away from Jen.
To her horror he raised his hand to his face and took a deep breath, smelling his fingers.
She saw Mr. DeWight smile like a kid on Christmas as he looked at her.
"You have my interest," Sergey told her boss. "She is quite a catch, no?" he said as her boss nodded. "I will cut you a check later, but count me in as an interested party," the man said.
Without another word the fat Russian turned and walked away.
"Excellent my dear," Mr. DeWight said in a congratulatory tone, obviously pleased with her. "One down, and about another twenty to go," he said.
Seeing Jen's expression of surprise he told her, "My dear, I am looking to franchise your sexy body for a couple of mil, but for that kind of money you either need to be the best fuck in the world or we need a lot of people donating," he told her laughing. Grinning at her knowingly he said, "Now granted you are one hell of a fuck, but unless you tell me you're willing to give it out free tonight, we need the numbers...quantity over quality," he laughed as if his statement was funny.
Jen once again realized this was a whole new level of teasing patrons out of their tips. She was not merely offering a lap dance, she was attempting to seduce people to invest in her career as a porn star actress. She had never thought about the cost of photographers, scenery, outfits, and even travel until now, and adding them all together she was amazed Mr. DeWight was looking at investing so much money—millions of dollars—into her role as DSA Spokesmodel.
She took a sip of her refilled champagne glass and immediately tasted the familiar bitter aftertaste of Mr. DeWight's Ecstasy-laced 'energy powder.' Having tasted it the night before when the guys had spiked her drink, she immediately recognized it.
"What's in this?" she asked, seeing no reason to hide her suspicion.
Mr. DeWight smiled at her, saying, "Just a little something to make you relax my dear," he told her. "It's my own special blend of electrolytes, energy powder, and my own personal brand of Ecstasy and coke," he said to her frankly.
Seeing Jen's surprised expression at his blunt admission he shrugged. "With our agreement you said you would agree to my terms," he told her. "You looked like a virgin on prom night with Sergey touching you, so yes, I spiked your drink a bit to loosen you up. This party has the potential to earn millions of dollars for the company and to make you the biggest star in the industry," he said looking at her sternly, "and I'm not going to have you fuck it up by suddenly being too shy. If a little chemical inducement is needed, I will use it. Now, you can drink that willingly or I can inject the shit into you," he told her with a shrug of his shoulders and matter-of-fact voice as she looked at him in astonishment. "Frankly, I don't care either way, even track marks can be covered with make-up, so it's up to you," he said.
Jen knew she was seeing the true nature of Mr. DeWight. She believed him when he said he was taking their agreement seriously, and his admission of what was in her drink was in line with what he had said, that he would not bullshit her any longer as long as she complied. His admission alleviated any doubts she had about him abiding by his word, and she suddenly believed he would re-evaluate her contract if she gave in and if her ideas earned a profit.
But the fact he cared nothing about her health, willing to drug her to get what he wanted, and admitting it, was an eye opening experience. He did not care about her own propriety, or anything about her other than her earning a profit for him and his company. He would do anything to get his way, and she could understand all of Dan's misgivings now that she had been around the man for these last few weeks.
On some twisted level she could even understand why he had spiked her drink. She HAD been reserved around the fat Russian man. Even in the club she was more seductive and relaxed about earning tips, so it was understandable Mr. DeWight wanted her to loosen up, particularly now that she knew how much money was possibly at stake.
As the man watched her, she took another sip from the champagne glass in her hand as Mr. DeWight smiled.
"Good, I'm glad we have come to an agreement," he said, as if her giving in had not even been in question. "And there really isn't much in that drink, I don't want you spreading your legs to everybody here, just loosened up a bit," he said to her with a grin.
Jen felt herself blush, ashamed at giving in to Mr. DeWight so easily.
"Anyways, I have a little surprise for you tonight my dear," Mr. DeWight said as if they had not just had a discussion on him drugging her.
Her boss guided her through the crowd, nodding to people as he passed and telling them he would bring Diamond back to meet them shortly.
Jen wondered what else was going to happen tonight when she saw them coming up to Dan, her heart speeding up at seeing her fiancé finally after a full week.
"I thought you could use some moral support tonight, so wanted to surprise you with your fiancé," Mr. DeWight said.
Jen looked at him in shock, then back to Dan in horror.
"Yes, I know who your fiancée is dear, there's no need to be so discrete any longer," Mr. DeWight said to her as she felt her world cave in.
Mr. DeWight finally had found out she and Dan were an item! What were they supposed to do, and what will the FBI say? Could they even protect her?
A million thoughts were going through her head as she walked towards the love of her life when suddenly Nick, the FBI agent stepped from behind Dan.
Jen's first thought was she had been betrayed by the FBI. Why else would Nick be here at a party in Mr. DeWight's house?
And then suddenly she recalled his story the other night, about meeting Mr. DeWight who presumed Nick was her fiancé. With a flood of relief coursing through her, she realized Mr. DeWight was talking about Nick as her fiancé, not Dan.
She realized walking towards Dan was only coincidence, Mr. DeWight actually walking her to Nick.
In sudden clarity she knew she had to act as if Nick, not Dan, were her beloved.
Then in dread and dismay she wondered what she should call the agent. Had he used his first name, or was he going by some other name? She tried to recall what he had said about his meeting with Mr. DeWight and she was in such a nervous wreck she could not remember.
Forcing a smile she hoped was believable on her face, she sped up saying, "Honey!" as she came up to Nick and gave him a hug and kiss on the cheek.
Nick's arms immediately went around her and as she looked in shock at his smiling face.
The FBI agent grinned, saying, "Honey, is that any way to treat me after being gone all week?"
Suddenly his lips were upon hers, Jen's eyes opening in surprise. She felt Nick's tongue on her lips and without realizing it, opened her mouth, letting his tongue enter and explore her mouth. Instinctively she closed her eyes, feeling one of the agent's hands slide down her back to cup her ass as she returned the kiss, her body heating up at the man's proximity.
Eventually the FBI agent pulled away, leaving her out of breath as she looked at her true fiancé with complete humiliation.
"You remember my buddy Dan from the club, don't you Diamond?" Mr. DeWight said as Jen nodded, still looking at Dan until she lowered her in humiliation at her response to Nick's kiss.
"I've paired him up with Nick up tonight, since you'll be busy schmoozing most of the night and meeting guests," Mr. DeWight said. "But don't worry, you and Nick can catch up on all your lost time after the party," he winked as Jen felt her body flush.
At least she knew the FBI agent used his real first name, alleviating one of her fears. She wished she had read more of the papers the agent had given to her on his history, fearful Mr. DeWight would ask more about the agent.
She had gone to such great lengths for Mr. DeWight not to know about Dan, and now she had to act like she was willing to spend her life with a complete stranger.
Mr. DeWight's voice broke her dismayed thoughts as he said, "Come my dear, it's time to meet some of your other perspective financiers," leading her away from Dan and the FBI agent.
She was actually thankful to be pulled away from the agent, still uncertain how to act around him. The implications of Mr. DeWight assuming the agent was her fiancé started to hit her. Was she expected to live in the house with them? What about her wedding with Dan? What about her friends?
Her mind was once again in turmoil at the sudden change in plans for her involvement and she barely paid attention to where Mr. DeWight was leading her.
She risked a moment to glance back at the two men, mouthing the words, "I love you," to Dan, hoping he was close enough to Nick for anybody to misinterpret who she was actually speaking to as she saw him hide a small smile. She felt a warmth in her stomach at his acceptance and understanding as his childhood rival led her away from them.
Jen's body was feeling warm, and as Mr. DeWight handed her another glass of champagne, she realized she had completely drunk the spiked drink he had given her earlier.
She could still feel Nick's kiss upon her lips, wondering if her body's response was from the drug or her earlier aroused feelings. In the end, she realized glumly, it did not matter. Mr. DeWight would have his way regardless of why her body was aroused, and she had agreed to play along at least until she could find a way out of her contract.
So for the first time this week, she gave in to her feelings completely. As Mr. DeWight introduced her to each man, she welcomed them intimately—leaning against them, putting her arms around them, even kissing them on the cheek or nibbling their ears—anything to get them to agree to pay the entry fee for her syndication party.
Soon she was in familiar territory, knowing her stripper persona was coming to the forefront of her thoughts. Mr. DeWight was correct, she once again realized, her being sensuous to the men was no different than at the club, pushing all thoughts about the ungodly amounts of money involved and living for the moment.
The men she met were not surprised at her amorous treatment of them. In fact, they seemed to expect it as if it were a normal thing to have a woman hanging all over them, letting them feel her up, while having a conversation with Mr. DeWight or another man. The men treated her like an inanimate object, less of a woman or human being and more than a commodity.
As she hung upon the men Mr. DeWight introduced her, she allowed them to touch her. And to her dismay she was enjoying the attention. She knew she was acting like a complete slut, and instead of receiving admonition from the looks of those around her, she saw praise and approval as her ass was repeatedly grabbed, stroked, and squeezed, as were other parts of her body.
And to Jen's chagrin, she enjoyed the attention, giving in to the flagrant merchandising of her own body. The combination of her earlier arousal dancing, the alcohol in her system, the drugs, and even Nick's kiss had lowered her inhibitions completely. She reconciled her thoughts about her actions in line with Mr. DeWight's words, she had agreed to comply with her contract and advertising herself was part of that contract.
So she thought nothing untoward about her actions when she was eventually introduced to two men and one of them asked if her breasts were real. Following Mr. DeWight's example from the airport, she told the man, "Why don't you see for yourself?"
Immediately the man reached out and began touching her breasts, only releasing one of them when his partner reached out to feel her up as well.
As her breasts were fondled—again inciting a response from her body—Jen saw other men around the room watching her, openly allowing the men to grope her. As if her actions had given permission to everybody and set an example, it became routine for everybody she was introduced to for them to simply reach out and waste no time in feeling her up, not even asking for permission before groping her.
The thought came to her of being at one of the girl's parties one night and her dog had gone around the room for attention. The guests had all reached down and petted the dog, not even taking notice of it as they talked with their friends.
Such was the way she was being treated now. Mr. DeWight had stopped even introducing the men to her, instead walking up to them and greeting them, while she, like the dog at the party, moved up to them for them to touch her.
She no longer had any impropriety, freely allowing the men to grope her tits, her ass, even allowing a few to touch her crotch, their fingers sliding across the material of her thong without any rebuttal from her. The men expected her acquiescence, not even asking for her permission to touch her before their hands were upon her.
And she realized she had no permission to give. This was Mr. DeWight's party, and she was the proverbial lamb being brought to slaughter. What the men did was acceptable to him, and short of having sex with her, he enjoyed her perverted mishandling.
She wallowed in shame and self-pity while outwardly smiling and laughing as she 'mingled' with the crowd.
Adding to her anguish and worry was her body's response. Her breasts—always one of her most sensitive locations of her body—felt ready to explode, her nipples hard as pebbles, while the rest of her body was warm, flushed, and aroused.
She no longer wondered at her body's increased response, something she had noticed all week. Again, whether it was the drugs in her body, the alcohol, or even her exhibitionist streak enjoying being on display in such scantily covered clothing, she no longer cared. The bottom line was she was having a difficult time keeping down her arousal, her body yearning for a release.
Even her humiliation and shame at allowing the men to touch her was arousing. Her lack of having any say or control over what was done to her was as much of an aphrodisiac as the men's touch itself.
After a while Diamond discovered she was actually enjoying the attention, enjoying being passed amongst the men in the crowd, not like a dog looking for attention, but a fine wine to be sampled and shared.
She had just left one man's lap, his hand gliding up and down the inside of her leg as she French kissed him, when Mr. DeWight pulled her aside. He had told her before meeting this man that she had enticed close to a dozen investors, but he still wanted more.
"I think it's time to sweeten the pot, so-to-speak," Mr. DeWight told her, surprising her as he reached out and grasped her hips.
Diamond leaned in expecting him to kiss her—her mind wondering how she was giving in so easily to her exploitation—when she felt him grasp the bands of her thong on her hips. Suddenly, with a flick of his fingers, she felt the material give way, Mr. DeWight having released the quick-release buckles on the thong!
The thong did not move though, wedged between the crack of her ass and worse yet, within the folds of her labia.
"Go ahead, take it off," Mr. DeWight told her.
Blushing in embarrassment—as well as shamed arousal—Diamond reached down and pulled the thong, gasping quietly as the material slid free from the folds of her flesh.
Around her several men were golf-clapping, smiling and raising their glasses up at their appreciation to Mr. DeWight as he took the black material from Diamond's hands, setting it on one of the hostess' trays of champagne as they passed by.
Diamond was now bottomless, wearing nothing but a sheer fly-away dress, stockings, and black stiletto platform Louboutin shoes.
Once again she felt her body heat up in shame. Although she had danced naked the last few performances, being in a party scenario was not a place she expected to be found in such a state.
And Mr. DeWight acted like nothing else had happened, taking her by the waist and leading her to another group of men as if nothing had occurred. As she was led by Mr. DeWight's arm around her, she saw the men were gathered near the center of the ballroom by the stage where the two-story pole was located.
"Gentlemen," Mr. DeWight said as they near the men, Diamond fully aware of her near nudity as her boss introduced her. "May I present Diamond, our DSA Spokesmodel," he said for what was probably the hundredth time that night.
"Actually, we've already met," said a large man. Diamond looked at the man, who was large not in the way the Russian man had been fat, but as in a man who worked for a living, his body toned and well-muscled.
Diamond looked up at his face and felt her cheeks redden, recognizing one of the construction workers—actually the foreman—who had remodeled the Satin Kitty. To her consternation it was the same man who had fingered her to orgasm in front of his men, holding her up by her bruised breast as she hung in front of him limply while his large hand shoved his fingers in and out of her core.
And next to him was the rude foreman, the one who had treated her like shit, as if he expected her to listen to his directions like a bitch in heat, not caring about what she thought. At the time she had thought him and Mr. DeWight would get along, as their thoughts on women ran along the same lines.
The man her attention was upon grinned, as if he could read her mind, or maybe he was once again seeing her in a position of subjection.
Whatever the reason for his smile, Diamond suddenly felt exposed. Although she had been naked dancing, the fact she was standing before him bottomless made her feel completely exposed, and from the grin on his face, he knew how uncomfortable he made her feel, actually relishing in her fear and shame.
"Yes, well, Diamond, may I formally introduce Tim Bell and Jake Watkins, two of my best and most favorite contractors for remodeling clubs," he said to her. Before anybody else could say anything in response, Mr. DeWight looked at the large construction foreman and said, "That reminds me, Jake, I'd like a few moments to talk to you about those figures on redoing the poles at some of the other clubs," he said to the large man. "If you wouldn't mind sparing a few minutes?" he asked.
"Definitely not Mr. DeWight, I already have put in my entry fee," he said with a smile at Diamond. "I only needed to watch her that first day to know she would be worth an investment," he said to her boss.
"Excellent!" her boss said as he turned to her. "Diamond, I leave you into the capable hands of Tim," Mr. DeWight said, moving away with the large man to Diamond's alarm.
Although she was nervous to be left alone with the rude man, she knew he could not treat her here at the party like he had at the club, when it had been him and his crew. Even so, she still got a bad vibe from the man, knowing he had a lower opinion of women than even Mr. DeWight.
"So slut," the man began, eliminating any doubt in Diamond's mind of her opinion of the man, "I told you we would meet up again. "Let's get to the chase on why Mr. DeWight left you here with me. What makes you so special from any other cunt to deserve investing my money in your entertainment enterprise?" he asked.
This was one man Diamond did not care for, having absolutely no interest in his investment into her career as she answered truthfully, "Actually, I don't give two shits on your investment," she said.
Surprisingly the man bust out laughing. "Now that's the spunkiness I expected from you," he grinned.
Diamond was suddenly relieved when two more men approached them, having seen Mr. DeWight leave and apparently not wanting to wait for him to make his and Diamond's way towards them later.
"Heyas Tim, we saw you had the star of the party here, so thought we'd rescue her," one man said amicably, looking at Diamond with a smile.
She remembered some of the workers saying something similar at the club, thankful for the men's presence and intervention.
Then she was startled when Tim's arm went around her waist, pulling her next to him against the stage.
The men looked at her apologetically, as if they themselves were embarrassed by Tim's behavior.
Meanwhile the rude man's hand was not idle in the other men's presence, instead sliding across her bare ass as he gave her butt a squeeze.
Without a break in the conversation, he laughed at the other men. "Well, Diamond here was about to tell me why she was worthy of such a hefty investment into her production value," Tim said to the other men while his hand continued to roam over Diamond's bare ass.
The men began talking about construction, Diamond realizing the others were attempting to divert the rude man's attention from her.
Unfortunately their plan did not work. As the men talked, she was fully conscious of the rude man's hand upon her, touching and squeezing her ass roughly.
She was thankful when a hostess brought a tray of hors d'oeuvres to them and his hand left her body to take some of the appetizers—small lobster tails and crab cakes.
"Have you tried these lobster tails," the man said to her as if the other two men were not even there. "They are loaded with butter," he said to her with a smile.
Diamond made a scowl as the man shoved the entire hors d'oeuvre into his mouth, his hand once again returning to her ass, his palm centered over her ass.
She was about to answer a question asked by one of the other men on how often she practiced on the pole when she let out a loud grunt, saying, "Fuck!" in surprise.
The cause of her outburst was the rude foreman's finger, which had jammed slid into the crack of her ass, and pressed directly upon her rectum! In shock she realized his finger was still covered with the butter from the miniature lobster tails, another grunted outburst coming from her as she suddenly felt his grossly lubricated finger slip into her anus.
Even more embarrassing and shocking was her body's reaction, her hips involuntarily pushing backwards as the man's finger popped through her anal sphincter and buried itself completely inside her ass!
One of the men asked if she were alright and she nodded, suppressing another gasp as the man beside her began moving his finger in and out of her asshole!
Diamond tried to maintain her composure and not draw attention to herself or her predicament, not wanting to make a scene, trying to act nonchalant as the rude man's finger moved in and out of her ass.
She was relieved when she saw Mr. DeWight and the other large man, Jake, return, expecting Tim to pull his finger out of her at the other men's presence.
"My apologies for leaving," Mr. DeWight said as he greeted the other two men as well. "I hope Diamond kept you sufficiently engaged," he said.
Diamond could not believe her circumstances, standing in front of five men, bottomless, with one of the men's fingers shoved directly into her butt!
"Actually, Diamond showed me a compelling reason to invest in her production," Tim said as his finger again plunged into Diamond's anus. "Isn't that so Diamond?" he smiled at her.
Diamond could not believe her body's reaction as she involuntarily pushed her hips back, further embedding the man's digit into her ass.
Completely at the man's mercy, still not wanting to give any more attention to herself, Diamond stood there in complete disbelief as Mr. DeWight made small talk with the men while Tim's finger continued to move in and out of her asshole.
To her shame, she felt her body become even more aroused, the obscene invasion of the man upon her body and in such a manner completely degrading, which in turn was highly exciting.
She was thankful when Mr. DeWight said they needed to meet with other guests, relieved as Tim finally pulled his finger out of her rectum once and for all.
For a brief moment she actually felt a sense of loss at the removal of his digit from her ass, looking at the man in shame as he grinned at her lecherously, the awareness of her actually enjoying his manipulation clearly upon his face.
"Diamond, it's been a pleasure as always," the man said. "I hope next time we can continue our discussion with a larger topic," the man grinned as Diamond blushed, the man's emphasis upon the word 'larger' leaving no doubts in her mind as to what he was inferring.
Surely he did not think he would be having anal sex with her, she thought?
But Mr. DeWight's arm around her leading her away from the men caught her attention, as she was led to another pair of men.
Diamond could not believe she had just been finger fucked in the ass, in public no less! And by a man she could not stand!
She could not refute how aroused she was though, actually yearning to feel a cock inside her. Her mind recalled the night before when Carl had first entered her anally, the sensations as his cock entered her long unused orifice.
To her dismay she felt an immediate warmth between her legs, knowing her arousal was now leaking out of her core, spreading along her slit.
For the millionth time she wondered why her body was becoming so aroused.
And the party continued on, unconcerned with her dismay and bewildered thoughts. Once again Mr. DeWight introduced her to man after man and she once again gave in to her sluttiness as her body was groped, caressed, and openly defiled.
Several men were brazen enough to finger her bared pussy, her shame complete at their discovery of her wetness and arousal. And she stood there meekly while the men talked to Mr. DeWight, their fingers exploring her core, even finger-fucking her several times.
Her arousal overshadowed her shame as she got caught up in her lustful thoughts. As she was fondled by the men, her thoughts no longer cared about the party or the people around her, focusing solely upon the men touching her.
Lost to her body's arousal, Diamond's hips actually moved, urging the men touching her core on; however, Mr. DeWight always interrupted her fondling sessions as he led her to another group over and over, before she could ever reach a climax.
By the end of the night she was wired tight, almost willing to fuck anything to release her heightened desire as guests started to leave.
Full of alcohol, drugs, and her own lust, Diamond was barely aware of her surroundings. She felt like she was in a dream as Mr. DeWight told her how proud he was, stating over two dozen people had committed to purchasing entries for her syndication party. She vaguely recalled him telling her he would go over the specifics of the party later in the week, also reminding her to come up with routines with Kitten and Crystal.
Eventually, as the number of hostesses began to become greater than that of the guests, Mr. DeWight led her back to Nick and Dan. Seeing her fiancé, Jen wanted nothing more than to take Dan to a secluded spot and fuck his brains out.
Unfortunately, such was not the case as Mr. DeWight told her beloved, "Three-D, would you mind joining me in my study in a few minutes?" he asked.
The party was dying down, stray people thanking Mr. DeWight and going outside for the valets to bring their cars or chauffeurs to pick them up. The scantily clad hostesses were cleaning up the ballroom, and Jen had the abstract thought of how nice it would be to be so wealthy you could hold a party and never have to worry about cleaning it up.
Her attention was brought back to the three men around her as Mr. DeWight said, "Nick, I'm sure you and Diamond wish some alone time, so I'll bid you good night. I'll see you both in the morning. Let's say breakfast at eight?" he inquired.
Nick spoke for them both as his arm went around Jen's waist, the warmth of his palm upon her hip making her aware of sliding beneath her outfit.
"That would be great, wouldn't it honey?" the FBI agent asked her as she numbly nodded, to distracted by the man's hand upon her bare hip than the conversation.
Even the touch of the FBI agent fed her lust, as she realized regretfully her body would be unfulfilled tonight, once again yearning to be alone with Dan so she could slake the lust built up within her.
A thrill went through her as Nick's hand tightened upon her hip, banishing her daydream.
"Excellent idea Charles, we will bid you good night and see you both in the morning," the young man said, leading Jen to the stairs.
"That went well I think," Nick said to her quietly as they made their way up the stairs. "DeWight showed me our room earlier, and I was able to check it out," the man said, Jen's heart fluttering at his comment on 'their room' before he continued. "As should be expected the room is bugged. It has at least one camera in the bedroom right above the entrance and pointing towards the bed, so the entire room is pretty much covered. There's also a camera in the bathroom," he told her. "We need to act completely natural the minute we go into the room, like a couple who has been together for years to protect our covers," Nick said her as they headed to the bedroom.
Jen was shaken as she was once again reminded she was working for the FBI, and actually undercover with an actual FBI agent. She once more became aware of the several thousands of dollars of surveillance equipment currently on her person as she let herself be led down the hall to the bedroom.
Jen wondered what happened to Velvet, not having seen the girl since the party started; however, she was too tired and strung out to care as Nick guided her into the bedroom.
She was momentarily panicked when she comprehended she was sharing the bedroom with the FBI agent—the very one who had finger-fucked her behind Dan's back as he gave her a tattoo—but she then realized this was all business. To the agent, this was work and being with him and undercover was actually safer as she stepped into the room and once again looked around while the agent shut and locked the bedroom door. They may be in the room together, but everything would be professional she knew.
Then she was startled as Nick's arms wrapped around her, pulling her back against his chest as he said loudly, "God, I've missed you Hon."
Jen understood he was acting, knowing of the surveillance equipment within the room. She was bothered by the fact they may be spied upon, but this was her new reality. She was under constant surveillance wearing the technical jewelry, and even her own house had been bugged—not only the FBI, but by Mr. DeWight himself. She no longer had any privacy and knew she had to act in character as well.
As such, she leaned back into Nick's body and said, "Oh, I missed you too honey," she stated loudly.
Nick's voice whispered against her ear, "Don't overdo it, keep your voice normal," he cautioned as Jen made a small nod.
One of his arms moved away from her and moved behind her, but Jen kept still as his other arm held her. She was fully aware of the man's touch, her previous arousal undiminished as her mind focused upon the FBI agent's arm, how his hand rested upon her ribs just beneath her right breast, and how her left breast rested lightly upon his forearm.
She almost moaned out loud when his other arm once again encircled her.
Then she gasped in astonishment as the man reached in front of her and literally ripped her dress opened, the crisscrossed ribboning breaking easily with a series of small tears as in one motion, the agent pulled the dress off her shoulders, letting it fall to the floor between them.
Jen was now naked, wearing nothing but her expensive Louboutin shoes, once again startled when the FBI agent pulled back against him, surprised to feel Nick's bare chest against her back.
"Oh fuck!" she cried out in shock and, to her own dismay, enjoyment as Nick's cock suddenly slammed into her core, burying his shaft completely inside her!
In her sudden startlement three things stood out in clarity within Jen's mind—first, with her heels on, she was the perfect height for Nick to enter her in this position; second, his cock was the perfect size to not cause her any pain, entering her easily and her body instantly accommodating his size within her; and third, to her shame and chagrin, that she was so wet he could easily plunge into her with a single stroke.
"Oh God!" she moaned again as Nick's cock pulled back and once again slammed into her.
She groaned in abandonment as the FBI agent's hands cupped her bare breasts, tweaking her nipples as his hips began to move, his cock sliding in and out of her in a constant rhythm.
"Call out my name, we need to make this sound real," Nick whispered in her ears.
Real, she thought? How real could it get, she wondered, grunting as the agent's cock once again slammed into her.
But as suggested, whether it was from his urging or the sleazy motivation of his cock moving in and out of her saturated and aroused pussy, she did as told.
"Oh God Nick, that feels great!" she cried out, no in mock loudness, but in true passion. "Oh God, fuck me, yeah baby, that's it, harder," she said.
Taking her comments to heart Nick began moving faster, plunging his cock in and out of her quickly, the room echoing with the 'plop-plop-plrop' sounds of his pelvis slamming into the stripper's ass as he fucked her.
After being teased all night, Jen could not help but relish the feeling of a cock finally inside of her. She had been constantly stimulated all night, and now she was getting the fucking she had desired. Although ashamed it was not Dan, her one and only love, her body did not care as it savored the FBI's manhood plunging in and out of her eager core.
Meanwhile Nick was squeezing, kneading, and tweaking Jen's breasts, her body jerked wildly by each thrust as the man fucked her while standing in the middle of the room.
Jen could not believe how easily her body caved in, her hips moving automatically to accept the thrusts by the agent as he plunged into her again and again.
To her dismay he suddenly pulled out of her, neither of them close to release as he told her to get on the bed.
Without hesitation Jen moved to the platform bed and climbed onto it on her hands and knees. She looked back at the young agent, his cock sticking proudly out from his body, glistening from her arousal and groaned as he moved behind her. Jen grunted in response as the man once again plunged his cock into her core, groaning as he now moved even deeper inside her.
Grasping her hips firmly, Nick began truly fucking her, his cock slamming into her over and over as his pelvis slapped into her ass. Meanwhile Jen was grunting with each thrust, the "Unk...Unk...Unk...Unk" of her grunts filling the room as the FBI agent's cock continued pummeling her.
Abruptly Jen let out a scream of pleasure as her orgasm flooded her body, her pussy clenching repeatedly around the cock thrusting inside her. Then, seconds after her own orgasm, the FBI agent's body slammed into her one more time, her core heating up as the young agent came inside her, his cock throbbing against her vaginal walls as his balls pumped his load deep inside her.
Jen moaned as she both voluntarily and involuntarily clenched her pussy, milking the cock inside her. She moaned again as the FBI agent's body collapsed on to her back, his hands grasping her breasts as she stretched out her arms, lowering herself onto the bed, the FBI agent fully upon her, his cock still inside of her.
"Wow, that was intense," Nick said to her as she laughed in post-coital bliss.
"You could say that," she agreed.
Slowly, as his cock softened, it eventually slipped out of her, accompanied by the warm sensation of his cum on the inside of her legs.
They did not say another word, not even bothering to get ready for bed as Nick got up and turned off the lights.
Jen kicked off her shoes before crawling under the covers, but did not say a word as the agent was soon also in bed with her, spooning against her back, the heat of his bare skin against hers.
Within minutes they both fell asleep. Jen had one of the longest days in a while, sleep coming to her quickly from her earlier routine, the photo-shoot, the stress of the night and being felt up at the party, and now the intense fucking she had received, her mind finally shutting down completely as sweet oblivion overcame her.
********************
Jen's dreams were filled with being fucked, fingered, fondled, and fervently ravished over and over.
She groaned as dreamed about again getting fucked furiously, just like earlier in the night with the young FBI agent. She groaned in her dreams as the cock pounded into her pussy over and over, her hips eagerly urging it on, her groans and moans almost audible to her ears.
Suddenly Jen opened her eyes, sudden comprehension of her surroundings coming to her as she realized it was not a dream, that she was once again receiving a furious fuck. And then her mind exploded as her body abruptly began shaking, her entire being flooded by an orgasm as she came over and over.
And still the cock within her plunged into her repeatedly.
Through the mixture of sleep-clouded thoughts and fog of arousal, Jen took note of her surroundings. She was laying upon her side in the bed, her top leg bent forward, while Nick—at least she assumed it was him—fucked her relentlessly, his cock slamming into her core over and over as his skin slapped against her ass, the staccato sound of 'slap-slap-slap-slap' filling the room.
"Oh Jesus Christ!" she yelled as another wave of her body's release flooded through her, the FBI agent pounding into her relentlessly.
"Sit up!" Nick commanded as he pulled out of her.
His arms roughly guided her to the head of the bed, and in her still clouded mind, she complied without question. At home she would have grasped the headboard; however, as the platform bed had none she suddenly stood up, leaning forward against the full wall glass window with her legs spread, as Nick also stood up on the bed and moved behind her.
Without any pre-amble he once again plunged his cock into her eagerly awaiting slit, and Jen groaned, her torso pushed forward against the cool glass.
Jen moaned in complete sexual abandonment as the FBI agent once again fucked her standing from behind, her body enthusiastically accepting his cock, thrust after thrust jerking her body forward into the glass window.
The coolness of the window against her breasts contrasted sharply with the heat of her body yet another wave of release coursed through her.
And the FBI agent still relentlessly plowed into her.
Jen was awake now, and from her perspective, looked out over the pool. Even in her lustful delirium she could appreciate how amazing the pool was, being a large natural rock formation similar to pictures she had seen of the Playboy Mansion's grotto pool.
She grunted as Nick shifted his position slightly and rubbed a new part of her vaginal walls. His thrusts began moving into her faster and faster, his cock rock hard and she knew he was close to release, her meeting his thrusts as her body accepted all the punishment he could give her.
Movement below in her periphery caught her eye, and Jen looked down. Unexpectedly her eyes opened wide in horror. There, below them and completely in view, was Mr. DeWight and Dan sitting at a table next to the pool! And both of their gazes were turned up to them, looking up at her—her own fiancé watching as another man fucked her!
To her shame she saw Mr. DeWight raise a glass in a toast to her, while Nick's body pressed her against the window, his cock plunging into her over and over.
"Oh God! Nick stop!" she said, ashamed to be seen by her own fiancé as another man ravished her body.
"Fuck, I'm close baby...just...a bit...more!" he yelled. Suddenly he plunged into her one final time, grasping her body tightly as his cock once again released inside of her, the sensation of his ejaculate infusing her birth canal suddenly putting her own body over the edge as she moaned, another orgasmic wave triggering while the FBI agent's cock continued emptying within her.
Jen was mortified as she stood there, leaning against the window as another sprayed his release inside her while her fiancé looked on from below.
She could not suppress the groan that left her mouth as spurt after spurt of Nick's ejaculate entered her.
Abruptly he pulled out of her, suddenly grasping her shoulder as he spun her body around.
"Turn around, suck me off!" he ordered.
To her shame, Jen's body obeyed before her mind could even grasp a thought, turning around and dropping to her knees, immediately opening her mouth while Nick shoved his cock past her lips.
Both of them groaned, him from the sensation of her wet and hot mouth and lips around his cock, her from the sensual taste of cum and her own arousal.
Nick's cock jerked in her mouth, releasing another spurt of ejaculate as she sucked, her tongue gliding over his shaft shamelessly cleaning him off, knowing she was completely visible to Mr. DeWight and her own fiancé.
Finally Nick pulled out of her mouth as Jen collapsed back onto the bed, out of sight of her beloved.
They were both startled when there was a sudden knock upon the door.
"I'll get it," Nick said, leaving Jen lying on the bed, completely spent.
She did not even bother covering herself up, lying upon the bed naked as she stared at Nick, also naked, his cock shining with her saliva.
Without bothering to cover himself, the man opened the door.
To both of their surprise there was a naked woman—or at least what they first thought as naked, seeing her bare breasts jutting from her body. But then Jen saw the woman was wearing a pair of tan bikini bottoms, as well as a pair of clear high heeled shoes.
The topless woman smiled. "Mr. DeWight wanted me to extend his invitation to you for breakfast," the woman said, not taken aback at all at Nick being naked, let alone her own half-nakedness standing before him.
"Thank you, we should be down soon," Nick replied.
"Also, Mr. DeWight knew Diamond needed some attire for breakfast, so offers this with his generosity," the woman said, handing Nick an all-too-familiar garment box.
Once again thanking the woman, he closed the door, setting the box on the bed next to Jen as he went into the bathroom.
She heard water running, and soon the agent came out with a washcloth, which he handed to her. Accepting the damp washrag, she felt it to be warmed as she thanked him, touched by his consideration as she wiped herself off, cleaning Nick's discharge from her crotch before sitting up and grabbing the box.
Opening it, she sighed. "Why am I not surprised," she said as Nick sat down beside her, still naked, his cock now flaccid after releasing his desire within her.
Within the box was a pair of black platform sandals—typical stripper shoes—as well as a single piece of clothing. The shoes were unique, having a gun barrel as the heel, but otherwise completely black with an ankle strap.
The single piece of clothing within the box was a leopard print bikini bottom. Holding it up, Jen saw it had a pucker back, knowing it would wrap around her ass as if there were nothing there.
There was no top within the box, and Jen knew instantly—remembering the girl who had been at the door—Mr. DeWight expected her to join them topless.
"Where's the top?" Nick asked naively as Jen looked at him with a raised eyebrow. Suddenly realizing what it meant, he smiled, saying, "Cool."
Jen looked at him in disgust.
"What?" he said questioningly. "Hey, you have the best pair of tits I've ever seen, why not flaunt them?" he asked her.
Jen knew there was no getting out of this situation as she got up and brushed her hair, not even concerned about being naked in front of Nick, before putting on the bikini bottoms and shoes.
"Wow, you DO look hot," Nick told her as she quietly thanked him.
For some reason she felt even more exposed half-dressed in front of the FBI agent than she had naked. Once again her emotions and feelings were torn, on one hand humiliated at exposing herself like this, but on the other hand, her blood sped up as she felt arousal again at exposing herself to not only the FBI agent, but Mr. DeWight and her own fiancé which she would soon be meeting.
Nick put on a pair of colorful board shorts, electing to go barefoot. Even without shoes, Jen realized the man was covering more of his body than her as they left the bedroom and headed to the back of the mansion.
"Ah, here are our love birds," Mr. DeWight said as Jen and Nick walked out of the house to the patio alongside the pool.
She blushed at the obvious reference to her and Nick's lovemaking in the window, turning her attention in shame to Dan.
Her fiancé had no expression, and as she and Nick sat down, she could not tell what his emotions or thoughts were.
"I trust you both slept well?" Mr. DeWight asked, as Nick told him they slept fine.
Jen let Nick and Mr. DeWight talk while she looked around at the extravagant pool, seeing several other women performing various tasks aimed at cleaning the pool and surrounding areas, while others obviously cleaned up after the party.
All the women were dressed as she was, in nothing but high heeled shoes and bikini bottoms, their breasts swaying gently as they moved, bent down, and cleaned up the pool and outer mansion area.
"So Nick, I've often wondered what goes through a man's head when his significant other strips for a living. Or even in the case of our loving Diamond, agrees to fuck for the camera," Mr. DeWight's blunt question caught Jen's attention.
"Well," Nick said in response, apparently not at all surprised at the conversation, "I personally feel as long as she is enjoying herself, Jen can do whatever she want. The bottom line is no matter what happens, as long as she comes home to me each day, it doesn't matter. If she's having fun and enjoys herself, I really don't care what she does with others," he told Mr. DeWight as Jen stared at him in shock.
Did the man who was supposed to be serving as her fiancé just tell her boss he did not care if she fucked around, was a porn star, or stripped in front of strangers—as long as she fucking came home to him? What man would say such a thing? He had basically given Mr. DeWight a carte blanche for her to fuck whomever she was told!
Jen saw Mr. DeWight smile broadly at Nick's answer as the hostesses served them breakfast, consisting of scrambled eggs, French toast with strawberries, bacon, sausage, crepes, and toast and bagels.
"Oh crap," Mr. DeWight said before they started to eat, "I just realized we don't want Diamond to get sunburned," he said, waving to one of the hostesses, who walked immediately to their table. "Carol, would you be so kind as to get some sunscreen for Diamond?" her boss asked the woman.
The hostess nodded with a smile and left as he continued, "I'm not a fan of tan lines," Mr. DeWight said, "Which is why I ask that the models sunbath at least topless," he said and then laughed, "Well, that and who doesn't like looking at a nice pair of tits all the time," he said looking at Jen.
It was not until he smiled while Jen blushed that she realized he had received the desired response from her, her skin reddening in shame as he looked directly at her breasts.
Not wanting to play his mind games, Jen picked at her food instead of responding. Although hungry, the fact she was sitting in front of three men topless was not lost upon her, particularly after Nick's comment about how he felt about his 'fiancée' fucking other men!
Carol returned and immediately applied a generous portion of lotion into her hands and, to Jen's sudden surprise, began rubbing it directly onto Jen's shoulders and arms.
"Uh, I can do that," she said in embarrassment to the blonde woman.
Mr. DeWight waved his hands, saying, "Nonsense. At the price I am paying for you and her and the money you are bringing in, you deserve to be pampered," he told her as he waved for the woman to continue, her hands gliding across Jen's skin as she rubbed in the lotion.
And then Jen's eyes widened in surprise as the woman lowered her hands in front of her and began rubbing the lotion into her breasts!
Jen bit her tongue, suppressing a moan as the woman squeezed and rubbed the lotion into her chest. She was still aroused from her early morning sex, but was not about to give her boss any satisfaction at how uncomfortable she was, so instead, looked across the table directly at her smiling boss. She knew this was one of his many domination games, and recalling Agent Geiger telling her to choose her battles, she did not make any more fuss.
Looking next to her, she saw Nick grinning and watching the woman's hands move across her torso, while Dan looked at her intently, his emotions undecipherable.
Jen's body was feeling the effects of the woman's touch, her body still sensual after her recent fucking, and the men watching her was too much to ignore. Still, she did not want to give in to Mr. DeWight's enjoyment at seeing her unease, so accepted the woman's touch, even moving her chair and lifting her legs as Carol applied the lotion to her legs, silently praying her bikini bottoms did not betray her arousal.
Once the woman was done, her hands touching every part of her body except the one her body wanted, she left them alone. Jen attempted to eat, ignoring the throbbing warmth between her legs and the tightness of her breasts and nipples, but after having been felt up by another woman and sitting practically naked before her fiancé, his rival, and an FBI agent sworn to protect her, it was difficult—too many things going on in her mind and body to concentrate even on the simple act of having breakfast.
The men made small talk, practically ignoring Jen; not that she was complaining, happy to be disregarded as she ate her breakfast in silence, barely commenting even when the conversation centered around her, particularly her 'fiancé's' feelings about her new role within the company.
After everybody finished eating and a few more topless girls cleaned the table Mr. DeWight announced, "Well Nick, it's been a pleasure to meet with you, and I do apologize for your early flight and unable to get a return trip with Diamond, but I know you need to get to the airport," he said shaking the FBI agent's hand. "A car is waiting in the front. Diamond, Dan, and I have a few business-related things to discuss, so I wish you well," he said in way of dismissal.
Nick nodded as he gave Jen a kiss and left her alone with the two men, her beloved fiancé and his childhood rival. The absurdity of her situation—sitting before the men topless as if it were an everyday occurrence—was not lost upon her, as was her uncomfortable exhilaration, her body flushing with growing desire.
Once again, as if her mind were a broken record, she wondered what was wrong with her. She was topless before her fiancé and another man, after they had less than an hour ago watched another man fuck her, and she was turned on!
Jen's body jerked in surprise as she felt a bare foot on her calf, sliding slowly up her leg. Looking across the table she saw Mr. DeWight smile, understanding whose foot it was touching her. Dan was silently eating next to the man who continued to smile. While Dan continued to eat and Jen poked at her food, she felt Mr. DeWight's foot continue its ascent, finally moving up to her thighs before resting upon her chair, his toes resting lightly against her crotch.
Without realizing why—to her horror and humiliation—Jen scooted forward, Mr. DeWight's toes pressing even harder between her legs as he smiled knowingly and said, "Lovely man your fiancé, I can see how you fell for him," he told her as Jen pursed her lips, holding back a gasp when Mr. DeWight's foot began moving up and down, his toes tracing the cleft of her slit through her bathing suit.
Jen's previous arousal flooded through her in full force, her body having been 'primed' by Nick's earlier fucking of her while she slept and finishing as she woke up. Her curse of being more responsive following previous sex manifested, as Jen's breathing became shallow, focusing more upon the illicit touch of Mr. DeWight's foot than his conversation.
"Anyways, back to business," her boss said has his foot continued moving between Jen's legs, touching her cleft. "Diamond, this week your main job is to work with Kitten and Crystal and get your routines panned out for your syndication party. The basic rundown will be group dances for the first two sets. These will basically be 'teasers' so I expect you to remain on stage while Crystal and Kitten work the crowd up for you. The third and fourth sets will be all you. I expect the first two sets to be around fifteen minutes with your last two solo sets being longer, but plan on roughly fifteen minutes stage time," he told oddly, as Jen wondered what was planned.
His statement of planning on 'fifteen minutes stage time' versus the normal phrasing of a 'fifteen minute set' for some reason set off alarms deep within her. Most dancing sets at the clubs were around fifteen minutes, so it was not unusual; however, the phrasing Mr. DeWight used was still bothersome, as were his comments on the last two sets 'being longer.'
Still more focused upon the man's foot between her legs than his statements, she simply nodded. "And will I select the music?" she asked.
Mr. DeWight smiled as his foot pressed harder against her crotch. To Jen's shame, her hips also moved forward, tightening the pressure between her legs as her body was both thankful and regretful for the bathing suit's protection.
"For the first two, yes," he answered. "The last two, since you've shown last night how easily you can adapt to an unrehearsed set, I'll put those together. Don't worry, they'll be danceable songs," he said at her look. "I think I've done this long enough I can select a stripper's dance routine," he told her. "Did you have any complaints about your set last night?" he asked.
Jen shook her head and let the matter drop. For one thing, arguing would get her nowhere, as the man would do as he pleased, and secondly, she was still too focused upon his foot between her legs, his toes moving up and down the outline of her slit. She was ashamed to realize she was becoming wet, thankful for the dark leopard print of the suit not betraying her response to her boss' touch.
Her attention was once again drawn to Mr. DeWight as he continued speaking.
"Now, after next week you'll obviously be on your tour. Your assistant should have gone over the calendar for you, and if not, check with her when you are back in town Wednesday. I expect two sets, both themed with appropriate outfits. Those sets should also be longer than the usual, let's say around thirty minutes," he told her. "You'll pretty much stick to the same routine for the entire tour, that way people will want to see more at other events or even come to the Satin Kitty itself to watch you once you are back to the usual routine," he smiled.
"You have two weeks until your tour, so if you need to purchase anything have your assistant charge it to your card," he said matter-of-factly, discussing her tour and routines normally, as if his foot were not wedged between her legs. "Unfortunately I will be out of the country after next week, so I've decided Dan will accompany you on your tour," he said, catching both her and her fiancé's attention.
Jen was suddenly alert, finally able to focus on something other than her boss' foot feeling her crotch as Mr. DeWight said, "Granted Dan will have other things to do, but it will be cheaper travel-wise to have him join you here in LA on Thursdays, attend the board meetings, which I should be able to video conference in—and then the two of you can fly out to whatever city you are planning on touring that night. His schedule is slightly different as he'll be flying out Saturdays and you won't be flying out until Sunday, but it's still cheaper booking travel arrangements for two repeatedly. Anyways, I've set up the tour so you'll have time off Sunday, Monday, and Tuesday to practice or relax from the previous week. Wednesday's you'll fly out here to the office so you can do your interviews and such Thursday, then fly out to the clubs that night. Friday's you can meet up with the girls during the day, then perform at night. Saturdays are scheduled for your photo-shoots," he said.
Jen knew her schedule was on her computer, having gone over it with Velvet, but hearing Mr. DeWight list her itinerary was almost overwhelming. It was also difficult to listen to the man as his foot continued to rub obscenely against her crotch.
She nodded at the man's comments, inwardly happy at the chance to spend some time with Dan, even if it were only on a plane, was more than she could have asked for.
Mr. DeWight talked a bit more about logistics for her tour, but she only half-listened, knowing Velvet would fill her in if she had not already. Instead, her mind was still focused on the foot feeling her up underneath the table, cursing her body's response.
Abruptly his foot pulled back, and Jen was ashamed to discover she missed the sensation as Mr. DeWight told her she was excused to get ready to head to the airport in another hour or so.
"Larry will take you to the airport, and he'll also be the one to meet you here in LA when you fly in. I am still debating whether it would be economical for him to accompany you on your tour and drive you around each city as well—he usually does not request such things, so I am definitely considering it," he told her.
Jen had mixed feelings about the chauffer and his lecherous gaze, knowing she would be in a strange city and he would be a familiar face, but also knowing the man looked upon her like a lion looks at a piece of steak
"I'll see you before you leave, "Mr. DeWight said, "but for now, I have some stuff I want to go over with Dan," he told her.
Jen's body flushed in humiliation as she stood up and felt the dampness between her legs, her bikini bottoms wet with her desire after Mr. DeWight's touch from his foot. She was thankful for the dark material, hiding her body's reaction as she made her way back into the house and to her room.
Nick had already left, his overnight back missing from the room. Looking at the clock, Jen knew she had over an hour before needing to leave for the airport, so decided to take a shower and wash off not only the sunscreen lotion the blonde woman had rubbed into her skin, but some of the sleaze from yesterday's and this morning's sexual abuse of her body.
Kicking off her shoes and entering the bathroom, Jen was once again awed by the opulence of the room, once more comparing it to being as large as her and Dan's bedroom at home.
Moving to the large, twelve-foot open shower area, she was surprised to find the entire ceiling being one huge showerhead. Turning on the water, the water dropped not only down from the ceiling in a light rain-like stream, but water also shot from the showerheads built into the walls. There was not one area within the immense shower stall water missed, and she waited in anticipation for the luxurious feeling as the water heated up.
Finally, as steam began forming upon the single glass wall separating the shower from the bathroom, Jen slipped off her bikini bottom and stepped into the hot wall of water.
Jen sighed in total exhilaration as the hot water cascaded across her body, the heat loosening muscles still strained from her routine the night before, as well as the stress of her entire week, the strain easing from her shoulders as she soaked.
The single wall of glass separating the shower area from the rest of the bathroom quickly steamed up, and even though both ends of the shower were open, the room heated up so quickly there was no chill coming from the opened sides of the shower area as Jen stood, luxuriating in the opulent shower.
Finding several expensive bathing products, she chose one which smelled divine, lathering her hair and washing it a couple times as she pampered and gloriously soothed herself in the hot shower.
Once completed with her hair, she found a nice smelling soap, covering her body in a soft velvety foam. Even with the water falling continuously over her body she was able to wash herself with the lavish sumptuous soap, sighing to herself as she spread the frothy smoothness across her skin.
Unexpectedly she let out a startled yell as two arms wrapped around her, the pair of hands immediately grasping her soapy breasts and squeezing, the soap giving a silky, wicked sensation to her skin as an unwanted moan escaped her lips.
Jen did not need to look behind her to know it was Mr. DeWight, as the large member pressing between the crack of her ass and extending down between her legs was enough of a trademark.
"What are you doing here?" she gasped as the obviously naked man once again squeezed her breasts, this time clenching her left nipple with his thumb and forefinger.
Jen moaned as her body powerlessly leaned against the man.
She gasped yet again, not from surprise, not from pain, but from her unabashed arousal as her hips pushed back and she felt the rapidly hardening member of her boss press against her bare backside.
"I told you I was going to see you before you left," he told her as he slowly turned her and placed his hand between her shoulder blades, pressing her torso and face into the steam-covered glass partition.
To Jen's shame, she complied with his unspoken guidance.
Then Mr. DeWight's hands slid down her soap-covered arms to her wrists, where he grasped tightly and raised her arms up. Again without a word Jen placed her hands above her onto the glass wall, her body tilted forward.
As his hands slid down her naked, soapy body to her hips, Jen knowingly stepped back, without any further direction from the man behind her and widened her stance, her pelvis angling back.
She knew she was shamelessly presenting her body to the man, her earlier arousal taking away any propriety as she eagerly anticipated what was about to happen.
She heard Mr. DeWight chuckle over the spattering of water in the shower at her compliance. Deep within her mind she was humiliated at her shameless obsequiousness, but her body was now too stimulated, all the morning's previous rollercoaster ride of desire coming to the final big hill for her to plummet down.
She stood there, her body bent over, her face and breasts pressed against the cool flat glass of the partition, while her pelvis thrust back, waiting meekly for what was about to happen.
She did not have long to wait as the head of Mr. DeWight's cock pressed against her cleft, sliding into her vulva easily from both the soap and her arousal.
"Ungt...Ohhh!" Jen moaned as his cock slid several inches into her core, the walls of her canal stretching wide as the large shaft of flesh impaled her.
Mr. DeWight pulled back slightly, and then thrusted forward, impaling a few more inches into her as she let out another guttural moan, her body relishing the feeling of ravishment and desire overwhelming her.
Several more thrusts and he was fully inside of her, the complete invasion of his cock feeling as if it extended all the way into her chest. Then Jen let out a long moan as he began to slowly fuck her, his cock sliding out of her almost endlessly, only to reverse its motion and enter her, the sensation being as if his shaft moved for miles across her stretched pussy.
"You like this, don't you Diamond," Mr. DeWight's voice came softly to her ears and Jen moaned in response as his cock once more traveled the long road of pulling out of her to one again slide into her.
"Tell me how much you like it," he ordered.
God help her, but she could not deny the lust overcoming her as she moaned out loudly, "Oh God! Yes, fill me with that big cock. Oh God, it feels soooooo good," she said over and over.
Mr. DeWight grunted in response as his cock reamed in and out of her, her pussy enveloping his shaft tightly, squeezing around his meat in response to each thrust.
Jen moaned as her body suddenly began shaking, her release fully upon her as she came, moaning over and over again while Mr. DeWight's massive member skewered her again and again, each thrust triggering another orgasm as she was stretched to her limits, the massive piece of flesh unlike anything she had ever felt.
Suddenly he slammed into her savagely and Jen let out a scream of both pain and pleasure, "Aieee!" echoed throughout the bathroom as she felt Mr. DeWight's cock begin to shudder, his release pouring deep, deep, deeply inside her, while her body quivered around his shaft in wave after wave of her own release.
Jen was not sure how long they stood there, her body shaking uncontrollably as Mr. DeWight's cock pumped stream after stream of semen into her.
Finally he pulled back, Jen whimpering at the loss of the large appendage from within her, the vacuum left by its removal leaving her empty.
Mr. DeWight reached up and squeezed her breasts one final time before walking out of the shower area without saying a word.
Jen stood there in the shower, feeling the warm water cascade down her body, as well as the heated cum of her boss leaking out of her slit and down the inside of her legs.
What the hell had she done, she wondered? She had not even offered any resistance, giving in to his lust like a dog in heat!
Backing up, Jen looked at the glass wall of the shower, her body flushing in humiliation as she saw the unmistakable imprint of her hands, arms, breasts, and even her face clearly outlined from the rest of the steam-covered glass.
With complete remorse she silently finished cleaning herself off before she leaving the shower, no longer comforted by its enveloping steam, but instead depressed and shamed.
********************
Dan watched Jen leave the table by the pool feeling a variety of emotions within himself. Although he knew she had to play the part of the DSA Spokesmodel in order to infiltrate the company's records, letting Chuck believe she was on 'his side' enough to move about freely, the way she seemed to accede to Chuck's orders and demands turned his stomach.
He had joined Chuck at the table before Jen and the FBI agent had arrived, and when Chuck had directed his attention to the large window above them, his heart had sank into a black hole as he watched Jen taken from behind by the FBI agent.
Immediately his thoughts turned to the night before, after the party, when Chuck had asked him to meet him in his office in the house.
Entering his rival's office after the party, Dan had not been surprised to see Chuck playing a porn movie on a large flat screened television on the wall. He had become accustomed to Chuck always having some sort of pornography playing in a room, his rival saying it was good background noise while he worked.
This scene depicted a somewhat skinny man fucking brunette from behind in a bedroom. There was nothing too remarkable about the scene and he was about to turn away when Chuck said, "Ah true love. They started at it before they had even shut the door," he laughed.
Dan turned back to the scene on the screen and suddenly his heart dropped to his feet, recognizing the moans of pleasure coming from the woman—it was Jen, he suddenly realized!
And that meant the guy behind her was Nick, the FBI agent playing as her fiancé.
He watched mortified as the FBI agent fucked his fiancée from behind, and then guided her to the bed, where she got on all fours and he entered once more, fucking her doggie style even more vigorously than before.
Dan did not know if Jen's orgasm were real or fake—the back of his mind thinking the FBI agent had to have known the room to be bugged—but it was unmistakable the man was fucking his fiancée after leaving them only moments ago.
He could only stare at the screen as the agent undoubtedly finished inside her. Pulling back, Dan could only stare breathlessly as Jen crawled into bed and the FBI agent turned off the lights—only to return to the bed and join his fiancée lying naked and used between the sheets.
"I should be able to use some of that—I won't even have to blur out his face since her contract covers any partners," Chuck laughed as he turned the monitor off.
Dan looked at the clock, realizing he had stood there and watched yet another man fuck the love of his life for almost twenty minutes, him and Chuck neither making a sound as the watched the event unfold.
Dan felt like a cavern was in his chest. It had been one thing to watch Jen perform for the party, even worse to see her openly groped and fondled by almost every man there—except him he added dejectedly. But to now watch her taken advantage of by the FBI agent was too much.
He barely listened as Chuck talked to him about the party, asking his opinion on people—including Nick—as well as a variety of other things that were meaningless to him. Finally he was 'dismissed' and went to his room.
And then he had watched the FBI agent fuck her again, fornicating couple blatantly exposed through the bedroom window.
"They put on quite a show, don't you think" Chuck snickered as Jen's body was jerked up and down, her breasts bouncing before her as she leaned against the window.
Seeing Jen's body used in such a manner was not the worst of it her realized as he could only stare in shock and mortification as Jen turned around—Nick apparently having orgasmed inside her—and dropped to her knees on the bed, and in view of him and Chuck, took the FBI agent's cock into her mouth!
He stared as if watching a deadly accident, barely aware when they eventually moved away from the window, sitting bewildered and stunned at what he had watched.
To his disgust Chuck chatted about normal things—the business, last night's party—everything except what they had witnessed, as if it were a normal occurrence for the man to watch another couple have sex above him.
Later during breakfast, there had been one point where Nick had mouthed 'Sorry' to him, Chuck's attention upon Jen, but he could not get over the fact this man had fucked his fiancée not once, but at least twice while he had watched.
The entire breakfast had gone by in a blur after that, and as Dan watched Jen walk away, her gorgeous ass swaying seductively, Chuck told him, "Go ahead and finish your coffee, and then if you don't mind, I'd like to talk to you in my office. I wanted to go over a few more things for your visit to the clubs during Diamond's tour," he told him as the man got up and left, leaving Dan sitting alone and dejected at the poolside.
Eventually, his mind numb from the entire week, Dan got up and made his way to Chuck's office.
Knocking on the door there was no answer, so Dan let himself in, not caring if Chuck would be upset or not.
Once again he saw Chuck had another porn movie playing on the screen, shaking his head at the man's apparent addiction. Dan wondered if the man slept with porn playing in the background, not at all surprised as his childhood 'friend's' depravity at this point.
With nothing else to do but wait, Dan looked at the television, seeing this scene being some sort of shower scene. The woman—obviously well-endowed in the chest—was leaning against the glass shower wall while the shaded figure of a man behind her obviously fucked her vigorously.
The sound was turned down, and seeing the remote control on Chuck's desk, Dan reached for it and clicked the 'Volume +' button several times.
Suddenly the woman's voice came across the speakers. ""Oh God! Yes, fill me with that big cock. Oh God, it feels so good! Stretch my pussy with it, fuck me!"
For yet another time this week Dan felt the world pulled out from under his feet as he recognized Jen's voice.
With complete dread and sorrow he realized the man behind her was undoubtedly Chuck.
For the fourth time this week Dan watched as his fiancée was fucked by another man. First had been Chuck showing him proofs from her photo-shoot Thursday, proud stating she had 'taken initiative' on a failing scene and let her model partner fuck her. Then last night and this morning he had watched the FBI agent take her. And now Chuck was inside the woman he loved.
Dan lamented the face he had not been with Jen intimately for over a week, and yet she had apparently taken man after man. Then guilt and shame entered his mind as he remembered his experience earlier this week with Mary, how he had reveled in her giving him a blowjob, and how exciting it had been to eat her out.
Dan watched numbly as Jen was impaled by Chuck's large cock over and over on the screen.
And then, to his complete mortification and disgrace, he realized he was hard! That he was undeniably aroused, his pulse speeding through him as his cock pressed roughly against his underwear as if attempting to burst through.
He could not deny watching Jen respond to such a depraved act was exciting, that watching Jen's body be used time after time again was arousing. In shame he admitted with perverse humiliation tonight when he was alone in his apartment he would be jacking off with this and the other scenes of Jen's defilement within his mind.
In complete and total shame he reached down and stroked his cock as he watched his fiancée's body slammed continuously into the glass shower wall, her breasts and face pressed against it, while his rival and nemesis fucked her over and over.
Without even realizing it, he shamelessly loosened his belt, letting his pants fall to the floor as he took his cock in his hand and began jacking off, mesmerized as he watched the entire session.
Suddenly he groaned, his release spraying out onto the leather chair in front of him as he came. Quickly Dan grabbed the box of Kleenex on Chuck's desk, catching the rest of his release as he hurriedly cleaned up the chair.
But even then he could not take his eyes from the screen as eventually Chuck backed away, obviously satiated. Dan knew there was no way the man would pull out of a woman before cumming, so he had obviously dropped his load into Jen before leaving the shower.
Dan watched as Chuck nonchalantly walked around the glass wall, his body naked and wet from the shower, while his spent cock—impressively large even after sex—hung before him.
Then to Dan's shock, the man looked straight up into the camera and smiled, giving a 'thumbs up' sign.