This is my first submission and took care to provide accurate info on the toys and all piercing I describe. Pls comment is you like or hate my story but be warned it isn't a short one to jerk off to.
I may write more if the interest is there and I'm open to ideas or thoughts in that regard. I hope you enjoy
My name is Steve I'm 25 years old 6' 2" and very strong without being overly muscular thanks to martial arts growing up. I'm happy to finally be returning home from my trip a day early, hoping to surprise my lovely wife after traveling all week.
I need her after all the teasing I've had on my travels. When you fly 1st class, stay in fancy hotels and ride in limos, hot ladies want to try and keep me company So I'm happy to be home.
My wife's name is Robin, She has blue eyes and long brown hair a little lighter than my own. I think she is the most beautiful creature I've ever met. Standing at 5'10" she has a well toned body with a small shapely breasts. Her nipples are amazingly long and thick that always make my mouth water every time I even think about them. Her legs are long and sexy going up to nice full hips and a great tight ass that seems too good to be true.
After I walked in the door I could hear noise up stairs, so dropping my travel gear at the door and went to investigate hoping Robin was feeling frisky. I found her in the shower and some dude I have never seen before was on my bed.
Yelling a furious battle cry I attacked. I only hit the little fucker once then grabbed him by the hair and drug him kicking and screaming out of the house. At the door I kicked him in the ass and slammed the door shut not caring a bit he was naked.
Furious and feeling the need to think I locked my self in my office and tried to ignore Robin pleading and apologizing trying to coax me out to talk.
After an hour of listening to her sobbing I had calmed and figured out a course of action. I opened the office door and bellowed.
'Get in here if you want to talk, but be warned you have choices to make bitch." She rushed in hair still wet and sat across from me.
'Oh baby I'm so sorry I have never done anything like that before you have to believe me. I'm sorry I really love you it will never happen again. I was so horny this morning that when I went running my usual circuit I put a butt plug in.
I got so worked up between the plug in my ass and my nipples rubbing against my lycra top I thought I might explode. My spandex shorts were soaked, thank god I had a skirt to hide the plug.' She blushed unable to make eye contact.
'That guy was delivering something next door, he stared at me like a starving man looking at a steak and was almost drooling. He reached down and adjusted his package never breaking eye contact and said convincing things.' She sobbed.
'I was so wound up It felt like I was in a haze and couldn't stop my self. He said I'm beautiful and incredibly fuckable."sob sob" Please don't hate me I love you, only you.' her voice was cracking throughout and by the end she broke down crying.
After a few minutes of me staring at her with a calm blank face she finally stopped and looked up with tears in her eyes.
So I began ' Do you understand why I'm pissed? It's not that you brought a guy home I have never been jealous.'
'I'm angry and hurt because when you got home all hot and bothered, you could have masturbated. Or stood on the step looking at the delivery guy and called my cell to tease me or ask for permission or any number of things.' I fumed in frustration.
'But instead of first thinking of me or my feelings you only thought of your own pleasure.' I shook my head sadly.
"The way I understood our vows we both swore to forsake all others. Did you know every day of my trip I pass up hot young pussy because I'm thinking of you!' I fumed.
'Then I come home and find the woman I love cheating. The way I see it I can give you 2 choices. If you want We can divorce but since you cheated I will get most every thing!'
'Or you can prove you love me but it will not be easy 4 you." I said with an icy voice 'Either way you have a choice and will need to sign an agreement. I stated solemnly.
The entire time I talked she was crying shaking her head and looking very pitiful. ' Oh pplease don't divorce me I will do anything to prove my love. I don't think life will be worth living with out you in it, please don't push me away. How could I be so stupid.' She wailed, then all I could make out was blubbering.
After she calmed enough I kept a stone cold face and said. 'Things didn't work so I will make serious changes, if you agree to stay you will give me complete and total control of your pleasure for 1 year after that we can reassess if your unhappy.'
'The only pleasure you get will be how, when, and if I say. Even if I need to lock up your sensitive bits to do it, so decide carefully.' I warned.
I need to do a bit of research and write up a contract and find a lawyer to draw up papers in case you choose to separate. So please go think while I do this please I will need your answer by tomorrow morning so no rush. You can look over every thing in the morning before deciding.' Standing she wouldn't make eye contact and looked quite shocked, and confused as she left the room.
I spent 2 hours in the office planning, researching printing off agreements before I finished then went to get ready for bed. When I got out of the shower Robin was wearing a slinky negligee showing off her fantastic small tits and long nipples to great effect.
As soon as she saw me she began to open her mouth but I shook my head 'We will talk tomorrow about our future but if you have no objections I would like to enjoy my wife one last night before then if its alright?'
'Id like that she purred' getting on all fours she began stalking across the bed toward me like a cat. When she was at the bottom of the bed I'd met her there and she pulled my robe off my shoulders and dropped it to the floor.
Putting her hands on my chest she ran them slowly across my body and in behind my back pulling me closer. Her lips began a journey in the center of my broad chest and began kissing and licking in some complex pattern.
I kept a hand under her hair holding the back of her head while my other traced across her beautiful breasts. Around and across barely touching her skin before kneading a breast. Moving to the nipple I pinch the way she likes then firmly pull to see it stretch. Eliciting a moan of approval I moved to the other one for more. I tightening my grip behind her head I pulled her up until our lips could almost touch.
'Thats enough for now do a strip tease 4 me I want to see your body.' I whispered then pushed her away.
With a slutty smile she stood, moved around me and began to sway to imaginary music. Sitting on the edge of the bed I watched my sexy wife while idly stroking my cock. She swayed and bumped to the music running her hands shamelessly all over her body. And whimpering from time to time.
Turning around she put her tight ass a mere foot from my face and slowly pulled the material up , revealing her upper thighs and finally her ass and juicing pussy, while swaying her butt side to side. I began to reach for her bottom but she slipped away with a teasing smile.
'See something you like hun' she purred with a firm smack on her ass she turned around thrusting her hips toward my face while slowly inching her nighty up her toned body. By the time it came over her nipples she tossed it aside beckoning me.
'So what do you think' she asked eyes down cast. 'I think your gorgeous now touch your self for me' I ordered. Robins head snapped up and she yelped 'I I can't do that in front of you it's not right.'
'You can and will or I'm going to sleep I've had a long day.' With that her face turned red and slowly brought her hand toward her pussy. As her right hand cupped her sex and began to stroke her other hand moved to a breast to torture a nipple.
'Very good Robin, show me what you like.'
1 finger was stroking through her wet lips and brushing her prominent clit every stroke while kneading her breasts and twisting at the nipples.
'Oh baby you look so fucking sexy touching your hot body, Put your foot up beside me so I can see you play with your pretty pussy.'
The poor girl looked very confused, torn between shame and lust, but she complied with my request. Putting her foot on the bed beside me it both gave her more stability and opened her pussy for my viewing pleasure.
'Now push 2 fingers inside, deeper and fuck your self with them, ok use your other hand on your clit but make sure I can see.' God her long fingers look good sliding in and out like that covered with her honey, while she masturbated her clit with the other hand. Do they feel good in your pussy my hot little bitch? '
'Yes yes god it feels good, Mmmmm why are you making me do this' she moaned 'It's so dirty and slutty.' Then gasped as I bit hard on a nipple while pinching the other one but I stopped when her breathing sped up the the point I thought she was going to cum.
Looking Robin it the eye I said 'Stop.' and pulled her fingers away. 'I will make you cum but only when I'm ready not before, if you do you will be very sorry under stand. She could only nod and plead with her eyes while gasping for breath. While she calmed down I began licking and sucking on her fingers.
When her hand dropped to my dick I leaned in and blew across her spread pussy before kissing and nibbling on her thighs just below her dipping snatch. Slowly I worked my way up licking all her honey and sucking on her nether lips. I pushed my tongue deep to pull out more nectar before concentrating on her clit. I was beginning the alphabet a third time when I heard it.
'Please let me cum' she squeaked between moans and gasps. 'Your mouth feels so fucking good on my vagina , oh fuck yes I'm almost there!'
Stopping for a second I looked up at my wanton wife. 'Not yet you can stay on the edge longer than that my sexy little bitch. It's your pussy or your cunt during sex not a vagina lets try again.'
This time I slid 2 fingers in side to stroke her g spot while I sucking at her flowing honey. I sucked as much of her pussy in my mouth as I could while running my tongue around her folds.
Her hips were bucking against my mouth and fingers shamelessly while both of her hands mauled her own tits and abusing her nipples. Flicking my tongue across her clit twice more she shrieked.
'Fuck me let me cum PLEASE! suck my needy pussy and let me cum on your wicked tongue you bastard.'
After waiting for a count to ten I yelled best I could into her pussy 'CUM!' and locked my lips around her clit sucking hard. I had to hold on hard with my free hand while her back arched and she came harder than I can ever remember.
I swallowed as much as I could but she sprayed her girl cum 3 times while shaking and squeezing on my fingers and face. I tried to keep licking at her clit through it all but was only partly successful. I'm not sure how I held her up but when it her orgasm finally passed, she collapsed right on top of me giggling between gasps for breath.
I picked her off me thew her on the bed, pulled one quivering leg over my shoulder and fucked her as hard as I could. I sucked and bit at her lovely long nipples and drove my cock into her tight quivering box over and over relentlessly.
'You like that my dirty girl, my big cock deep in your filthy cunt? Did you like fucking my face like a whore? Your cum sure tasts good want some?' I grabbed her face and kissed her hard shoving my tongue in her mouth while deep stroking her pussy.
Pulling back I looked deep in to her eyes our breathing labored, faces inches apart. I put my hands on her hips holding tight and slowed down. The look on her face was priceless whimpering and beyond caring lost in her lust while I slowly carved out her insides reclaiming what is mine. On the down stroke I began to grind against her clit as I worked us both ever higher.
'Oh fuck babe that feels so good I have missed you, ooooooo gooodddd don't stop fucking me' She shrieked. All too soon I was getting close and decided on a change. I dropped her leg and rolled us over onto my back and she sat up tall facing me.
After she has slowly sunk her juicing cunt all the way down on me I held her still and said. ' I want you to stay like that Robin and play with your cunt while I watch. And lets see if you can get me off with out bouncing up and down?' I challenged.
A wicked grin spread across her face 'Hmm I can try. You really like watching me play with my pussy don't you baby?' She gasped rocking her hips back and forth against me and squeezing my cock. While she strummed her clit and concentrated on my cock I paid attention to her wonderful breasts.
I had to concentrate hard not to pop too soon as she heated up writhing on my dick. Whispering in her ear ' don't stop what your doing for anything and remember I will tell you when to cum.
You look so hot with your cunt planted on my cock squirming like a bitch in heat. And god it feels so good pulsing on me like that. Do you feel like a slut playing with your clit,masturbating for me?'
'Yes I do I feel so dirty and so alive' She gasped breathless. 'And I'm so close oh god'
'Imagine there were other people here watching you, another woman maybe licking her lips while staring at you playing with your filthy cunt. Do you like to act like a slut an easy whore for her, fucking in public like this? ' I whispered in her ear.
'No no don't watch me.' She groaned rocking her hips against me faster 'god I'm a slut. oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck let me cum please let me cum' she begged. 'Look at her in the doorway, tell her how you feel and Cum for her bitch cum.' I demanded.
'Fuckkk meeee' she screamed fingers blurring on her clit "I'm a slut and I want you to watch me get fucked, and you can suck out his cum.' So lost in her ecstasy she was bouncing up and down on my throbbing shaft again.
With that thought I began to blast off a weeks worth of cum into her pussy. We held each other while we calmed down. Holding her close I murmured in her ear.
'I love watching you let loose and give in to your inner slut, as long as I have your heart. I really hope you enjoyed this it may be the last for a little while.' I said cryptically.
With a nod and kiss on the cheek she extracted her self to clean up and I rolled over hoping for sleep, thoughts of tomorrow and our future heavy on my mind.
I was drinking coffee and eating breakfast when Robin came down in the morning.'So what happens now what do you want me to say...' I held up a hand to stop her mid sentence.
'I came home to find you cheating so you have two choices' I gestured at the 2 manilla envelopes on the counter. 'In one is a rough draft of all the things we own together and items each of us brought into this marriage. If you want to split sign by your name and we will go to lawyers that appointment is at 1:00 if we choose to keep it.'
Looking her in the eye with grim determination I continued. 'Or you can agree to my terms in the other folder, but be warned Neither way will be easy. Grab a coffee and read these then let me know as soon as you decide I need to confirm one of our appointments. So please get to it.'
Tears filled her eyes 'I bet it says you can have sex with who ever you want doesn't it.'
I replied shaking my head sadly. 'No I only ever wanted you thats why I married you.' Turning away I poured her a coffee and she went into the living room to read my terms.
Almost two hrs later she came back in with the agreement, eyes downcast she asked 'What is the purpose of this, to punish me?'
'Maybe a little bit about punishing you but I'm mostly hurt that when you were hopelessly aroused you didn't call me to tell me what state you were in, You just grabbed the closest cock.'
'You gave to a stranger something I treasure, so to prove you love me I want to give it to me. Will you to willingly give me complete control of your pleasure and sexuality, so you automatically look to me for your pleasure and gratification?' I asked.
'I don't want you harmed and I don't want to make you jealous thats not what it's about. I think I know a few of your darkest desires, some you may not be consciously aware of.'
'I will enjoy testing my theories. I want us to enjoy each other and our sexuality to the max while we are young and I think this is how we do that.'I said looking at her frightened defeated face.
'If you think it too much for me to ask mark the calender 1 year from today. On that day you can call it off and we go back to normal with a clean slate. Or if you choose to continue down this path by your own choice we will do something special or go somewhere to celebrate.' I finished.
'All I know is I can't lose you, But promise my friends and family won't be exposed to any thing to do with this.' She pleaded with her big blue eyes.' Looking forlorn.
'They will only know if you tell them my love, now on the back page add the 1 year time limit and initial beside it then if you agree to my terms we will both sign.' We did and I gathered the papers for safe keeping. 'Ok now you go shower and wax or shave to get ready for your 1st appointment.'
'What, Where are we going, what is going to happen?'
Smiling I slapped her ass 'You will see when we get there, it will test your commitment to our agreement and to me and prepare you, now go get ready.'
Robins eyes bugged out and I thought she might panic when we pulled into the tattoo parlor but she didn't complain. Before we got out I turned to her and asked 'do you trust me.' With big frightened eyes she nodded.
'We are going inside you have an appointment with Amy the girl who does piercing here I'm told she is very skilled, ready?'
'I'm not sure.' she stammered I smiled 'I will be with you the entire time babe lets go.' She held my hand as if clinging to life it's self as we entered the shop. Cases full of body jewelry were set along all the walls with pictures of tattoo designs hanging over them and magazines and photo albums littered the tables.
'I'll be with you folks in a few, feel free to look around' the girl behind the counter said. I went over to the display for body jewelry and began check it all out while stealing glances of the wife looking around wide eyed.
Wanting to tease her I asked 'See any here you like babe?'
Looking a bit defeated she began to look with me. 'Look at that one it will look great on you.' it was a thick bar with a glittery red stone and robin admitted is was pretty before blushing deep red.
"The name is Amy and I'm ready for you what can I do for you today?' she asked with a big smile. The girl was beautiful with a thin halter top showing a lot of inked skin, and you could tell her nipples were pierced the way her shirt fit. Amy's dark hair was pulled tight in a pony tail and stopped just short of her shapely hips.
I nudged Robin so she looked up and said 'My name is Robin I think I have an appointment with you for a piercing.'
'Several by the look of it, are you excited hun?' She asked innocently with a not so innocent smirk. 'I don't think I will ever be really ready for this but I'm here so I guess we should get it over with.' She stammered looking at the floor.
'Oh don't be nervous sugar I'm real gentle honest, come with me to the back here so we won't be disturbed.' She said happily while urging us into the back and motioned for Robin to sit in the chair in the center of the small room.
'Your husband told me on the phone this morning exactly what you want. So please remove your skirt and panties. Any changes or what we discussed she asked while preparing her various equipment.
Since Robin was so busy looking around I answered while watching her disrobe slowly trying to stall the inevitable.
'Nope exactly what we talked about please Amy the 10 gauge I think and if you could take those measurements I asked about I will place special orders with your jeweler.'
'Sure thing sugar we can do that.' Amy winked then turned back to her client.
Robin had to lean back with her bum on the edge of the seat while Amy gently prodded and pulled at her labia taking measurements for me and writing them in a book.
Then looking at Robin and asked. 'Ready sugar, I'm going to start now I will do one side at a time just let me know if you need a break alright?' She said sweetly.
'Alright go ahead' she said and squeezed my hand and shut her eyes tight. She made the cutest whimper when the first needle bit into her and in moments there was a nice Gold ring and Amy moved to the next and so on.
In under 5 minutes the right side of Robins labia had 6 shiny metal rings and Amy began setting up the other side.
I gave Robins hand a squeeze saying. 'Your doing great beautiful, We are done that side just a few more alright? With a single tear in the corner of her eye she nodded saying.
'I'm ok' giving me a brave smile. We stared into each others eyes while Amy finished the other side of her pussy.
'Those are done 1 more then we are finished with this pretty little puss.' She said smiling. 'How would you like your hood to be pierced?' she asked showing us a few options.
'Some people go sideways with a captive bead ring an HCH. But most woman prefer a (VCH) A vertical piercing it heals quickly and feels divine even I have one..' She said with a wink. 'Would you like to see?'
Robins eyes lit up 'really? you would show me yours?'
Locking eyes with Robin she slowly pulled her skirt up her thighs With a wicked smile. Once the garment reached her belly button she stepped closer and lifted her foot up onto the arm of Robin's chair and reached down and opened her sex up for a clear view.
'Well what do you think sugar?' Amy drawled 'It is pretty isn't it, this one is a vertical hood piercing, see how the bottom ball is bigger? The curved bar always touches my clit and makes life soo much more exciting, especially oral sex' She stated huskily.
'Or we can go sideways and put a ring with a captive bead that will move sometimes rubbing your pretty clitty and other times just missing unless you want both. Choose what ever one you want sweetie, go ahead and touch it if you want.'
Slowly with eyes darting between the sight before her and Amy's eyes she reached out and gently ran her finger tip over and around the bar and clitoral hood a foot in front of her. receiving a little moan and giggle in response.
Slowly Amy pulled back and dropped her skirt asking 'Well did you see anything you like baby?' Blushing furiously 'Yes it is very pretty like a flower.' Robin said just above a whisper 'I think I want one just like that if it doesn't hurt too badly.'
With a beaming smile Amy turned to get her tools ' We can always add a second ring after it is all healed if you like. Lots of girls go with both and I suspect you may have the anatomy for a triangle lucky girl.
Alright 1 more time and we are done with your beautiful cookie, you will feel a pinch then pressure when I insert the bar and fasten the beads alright?'
Nodding Robin held her breath and tried to hold still as Amy worked on the most sensitive of places. When the needle slid through her skin Robin thumped Amy on the head with her knees immediately apologizing profusely.
'It happens every time don't worry about it sugar, even I did when receiving mine and I knew what to expect. ' Amy laughed.
Whipping out a a small camera Amy took 2 pictures of the freshly pierced pussy. Kissed Robins thigh and stood up.
'All done there please pull off your top hun, I think l have just enough time to measure and pierce your nipples now so you don't need to come back later.'
With fearful eyes Robin looked at me so I gave her a kiss full of promise and said hurry up it will only take a second then we finished alright love?' And gave her a big proud smile.
When we were finished and leaving the back room Amy gave Robin a big hug, staring into her eyes told her.
'If you have any questions, concerns or just want to talk please call me anytime my cell number is on the back.' Pressing a business card into her hand and together we watched as Robin carefully walked to the car to wait while I paid and placed my special orders for custom jewelry.
As I was leaving Amy said 'remember no sex not even oral until she is fully healed 1 week is normally enough or you risk infection. Have fun with her and let me know if I can help.' And winked saucily.
'She became very excited while I was working on her, either she likes girls or just likes to expose herself to strangers so have fun with her.' With a glance and wave to Robin she disappeared into the back room again and I went to the car.
Next we went for ice cream at baskin Robins our favorite. 'I'm so proud of you honey how do you feel?'With a shy smile around her mouthful of ice cream she mumbled 'I feel a little sore especially my breasts but also naughty, like I have a secret.
Do you really like how it looks?' She asked shyly.'Oh god it looks so fucking sexy, and your pussy is even more pretty than ever. But it is also frustrating knowing it is done and I'm unable to explore and play with it for a full week. ' I laughed.
'Maybe Friday nights from now on we should have date night, maybe dinner and dancing or something. So finish your ice cream and lets go shopping. But for your evening wear I get the final say.'
'Thank you we haven't gone dancing or shopping together for ever, this will be such fun' she squealed. The excitement poring off her was adorable and I felt lucky to have this beautiful creature.
Robin looked so excited I couldn't bring my self to tell her our 1st stop will be the sex shop. I need to pick up a few things we will need in the weeks to come.
By the time we got home many hours later I felt exhausted. I stashed the kinky purchases I wanted to be a surprise in my office and locked it then I flopped onto the couch.
I watched Robin excitedly scurry up the stairs to put away all her stuff and pretty soon I heard cries of surprise and excitement. Sooner than I thought possible she scampered back down wearing one of the surprise costumes I bought for her.
The french maids outfit fit her like a glove, hugging her hips and just covering her bum. 'Good evening sir is there anything, anything at all I can do for you?' She drawled with a husky voice and running her hands over her body and knelt it front of me.
She made quick work of my pants and was soon grasping my erection. 'Oh my you seem to have a big problem here sir.' While licking her lips hungrily. 'Would you like me to take care of this for you?' she purred.
With my nod her tongue flicked out and swirled around the end a few times before looking up at me and slowly sinking her mouth down until it bumped her throat. Using exaggerated sucking and slurping noises she began bobbing up and down my length.
When she wanted a breath it was back to licking the shaft like candy before plunging back down as far as she could. Holding her head firmly in my hands I helped to guide her on my shaft.
'Your mouth feels like a warm, wet, velvety heaven young lady.' I groaned 'keep that up you might get a present.' Tangling my hands in her hair for a solid grip I began to force her head further down my shaft with every thrust.
Robin tried her best to relax her gag reflex as I worked my way into her throat. When she would choke I pull out long enough for a breath and plunge her mouth back down ever deeper than before.
It is incredibly erotic watching saliva drip off her chin with my dick wedged in her mouth. As her lovely lips pressed into my pubic hair I was getting far too close. Using my grip in her long brown hair I yanked her off my cock and pulling her face up kissed her fiercely.
'Oh my lovely maid you are a lovely cock sucker but I need to inspect your uniform before we can go any further.'
I stood, kicked off my pants and moved her to the end or the sofa kissing her again before turning her to face it and bent her over with her hands holding the edge. I moved behind her and with her long legs shoulder width apart began slowly running my fingers upward starting at the ankle.
With light teasing strokes up the inside of her legs I could feel her breathing begin to quicken as I worked up her thighs excruciatingly slowly so I decided to tease her another way as well.
'Amy sure seemed to like you today, she thinks you are incredibly beautiful. She told me how exited you got during your appointment. She could even smell your arousal, did you like her pretty face so close to your pussy?'
Robins breathing was becoming much heavier 'Yes I like her face by my pussy and when she showed me hers, it was so fucking naughty' she moaned pushing back into my hands.
'What the hell is this?' I exclaimed in mock horror as I flipped up her skirt 'No panties what's wrong with you? You look like a filthy slut.'
'Oh god I think I am a filthy slut, your dirty fucking slut' She moaned.
'Well this will never do I can not have the maid running around with no nickers! The punishment for the first infraction is 10 lashes so get ready slut.' And I pulled her over my knee.
The entire time I was spanking her sexy ass she was moaning and gasping it's a good thing I didn't tell her to count. After the final stroke I gently ran my hand all over her red bottom and could easily feel the heat and smell her juices running down her legs contradicting her little sobs.
'Awe you poor girl look what you made me do now remember next time it will be 20 strokes here let me kiss it better ' Returning her to her earlier position at the end of the couch I slid to me knees behind her and ran kisses over her firm bottom while stroking with my hands.
Reaching into my pocket I pulled out 4 small padlocks I bought for this very purpose. Using each lock I went through 2 rings on each side of her labia, so using 3 locks all 12 rings were secured together without stretching or pulling other than the added weight.
As I locked the final one I licked across her back door and earning a gasp and felt her press against me ever so slightly.
Easing her cheeks apart with my hands I ran my tongue slowly around and around her puckered star gently urging it to relax, only pausing from time to time to press inside increasing pressure every time. Soon her ass hole would stay open while I lapped ever widening circles. The poor girl was groaning and panting like a bitch in heat especially every time I pushed my tongue in as deep as I could.
I stood up, grabbed her hips and slowly sank my pulsing member into hot tight heaven. I had just got fully seated and Robin was pushing against me moaning like a bitch in heat.
'Don't wait take it just fuck my ass like only you ever have baby. I feel so full and so fucking dirty so fuck me hard please!'
With a smile I slowly pulled out slapped her ass hard earning a whimper before pounding back inside. To add to her frustration I kept my pace slower than she wanted but was forceful enough she couldn't let go to touch her clit even if she could get through the locks she must feel swinging as I fucked her.
After only a few minutes she began screaming ' Fuck my ass harder you dirty bastard' While driving her hips at me. I kept the steady rhythm reaching forward and squeezed her swinging tits nice and hard receiving a new gasp of pain and pleasure.
'I can hardly wait until your cunt is healed, I have grand plans for your beautiful body. You will feel your new jewelry at all times and be reminded you are mine. That only I grant your pleasure.' I groaned plowing in and out of her tight ass.
Gasping and panting 'Yes my body is only for you lover, now please stop teasing and fuck me harder' she pleaded looking over her shoulder with a smoldering look on her face.
To add to the lust we were feeling I began to alternate my rhythm and depth of our coupling. Slow and deep, then to half depth rabbit strokes then gripping her hips I fed her only the first two inches into her clasping ass until I heard her beg.
Then with out warning drove in as hard as I could earning a startled cry of pleasure. Then returned to fucking with long deep stokes and ever increasing our pace until we were both frantic. Sensing she was close I returned to spanking her tight ass and when she began mauling 1 sore nipple her climax hit hard and sudden.
The way she was screaming and shaking you would think I was killing the bitch, so I reached forward grabbing her hair and kept pounding throughout her violent climax. Her ass clenching so hard on my cock proved to be too much. With a mighty roar of my own I was pumping my load deep into her rear passage and collapsed on top of her shuddering body.
'God damn, I have never cum so hard without touching myself before' she she gasped trying to catch her breath. 'And what did you do to me the new jewelry is far heavier.'
With a smirk I withdrew myself and collapsed beside her on the couch 'Ya it was ok for me too' I teased. With a pout she stood on shaky legs and playfully returned to her roll as the maid.
' Will there be anything else this evening sir? Or shall I go clean up?'
'No thank you miss I'm good for now, take that fine ass of yours upstairs I will be up shortly so you can assist me in the shower. And I will show you something I bought for you.' I said still breathing hard.
'Yes sir' she replied turning and heading for the stairs swinging her hips ensuring my eyes stayed locked on her ass. I swore I could see a trickle of cum running down the inside of her thigh. Before she was out of sight she looked at me with a frisky smile and gave me a wink before disappearing from sight.
After retrieving a few things from my office I went to join my lady in the shower and after we were finished washing each other I installed my new purchase.
I removed the shower head and installed the valve and quickly assembled the hose and nozzle. Then replaced the shower head to Robins new Sure shot system.
I had Robin join me in the shower and instructed her on its use. ' If you are wearing the locks or any time you feel you may need to cleanse your pussy turn the water to the temperature you want and turn the valve you can flush your self like this.'
I directed the spray between the locks into her pussy earning a gasp stopping when she began over flowing. 'I don't think it possible but be warned. If you make your self cum doing this or anything else with out express permission it may be the last one I ever allow you.' I warned very seriously.
'I will be good I promise.' She told me meekly with a sad concerned look on her pretty face. 'It does feel cool though, and will be handy while I'm healing, but what are all those other pieces for?'
'Well why don't I show you since you should begin using them every day from now on when ever you need to.' I replied all smiles.
Reaching down to the floor I picked up another other nozzle and replacing the tiny one and screwed it to the hose. This one was twice as large approximately. 6" long and 3/4" in diameter. That done I smeared a small squirt of her body lotion on it.
'What are you doing.' She stammered drawing a chuckle from me.
'Relax and turn around my pet, you will see. Good girl now stick out that fine ass.' I instructed firmly. Coaxing her legs apart I gently rubbed her bottom to relax her and slowly inserted the nozzle.
'You just stay relaxed lover this will be enjoyable, we need to clean out your naughty bottom and I expect you to repeat this every day from now on. I will gladly help if you need it I don't mind.' My words had the desired effect her, cheeks turning pink in embarrassment.
With that I turned the valve to begin the flow into her bowels slowly rubbing her tummy with one hand and fondling her sensitive breasts with the other. Robin was making soft whimpering and moaning noises and with a smile I realized she was rocking her pelvis.
'I knew you would love this you dirty girl' I teased adding to the embarrassment.
When she felt full and I could feel the slight tummy bulge from the water I removed the nozzle instructing her to hold it for 10 minutes before she went to the toilet. We repeated this 3 times Robin was loving every second after the embarrassment of the first time passed.
I found the entire process very erotic and my excitement did not go unnoticed. When we were finished I let Robin lead me into our room by my dick where she knelt before me treating me a long loving blow job in no hurry to finish.
When the time came my hands were wrapped tight in her hair and had begun fucking her mouth more forcefully. Drawing back with only the head in her mouth she could breathe through her nose while working the underside with her tongue. Pushing deep in her throat her allowed nimble tongue to reach down and lavish my balls driving me higher and higher.
While she was working me in and out of her throat I noticed her groaning and mewling sounds, it was then I saw her pumping her hips getting the locks to swing and jerk her lips around. The sight was too much I was ready to blow.
Sensing this Robin locked eyes with me and at the last second pulled back to catch every drop on her tongue. When I finished the little minx opened her mouth to show me and dramatically licked her fingers after swallowing.
'Well someone seems to enjoy being my nasty pet slut don't you girl? I am going to love playing with you!'
'Yes sir I think I really do love to be your nasty slut, all yours to do with what you please.' She teased.
I'm sure she saw the possessive lust flash through my eyes because she blushed and looked away crawling into bed.
In the morning Robin was surprised when I got up with her since I didn't have to work, I made coffee while she showered etc but intercepted her before she got dressed.
'What are you wearing to work today lover?' I asked with a smirk.
'Hmm I was hoping to wear black pants and a nice blouse unless these locks are visible.' She told me with a cute worried expression. With a naughty smile I nodded. 'But don't let that stop you if thats what you need to wear, or you could wear a skirt or dress.'
When she was ready to go she looked adorable in a cute blue sundress making her look sexy yet wholesome. No one would guess underneath it was a very excited lady pierced and locked to keep her frustrated. Nor would they have a clue her husband sent her off without any underwear.
Once she was gone I spent the day working on our third bedroom. I moved all the furniture to the basement except the bed. I then installed a heavy lockable door, cabinets, shelves and some heavy duty eye hooks strategically in the walls, floor and ceiling.
As an after thought I called a buddy who came and installed 2 hidden cameras in every room in the house. They were wired directly into a hard drive and accessible anywhere with our wireless connection.
They will record only when they sense movement unless disabled from my computer. Using special software they can even be enabled only times of the day I'm gone if need be.
Once I had as much done as I could I brought the bags from my office and put everything away. I hung the harnesses, clamps and crops etc on the wall. Then put a few sex toys on the visible shelving knowing there was much more to order.
The few items I had that I want to shock or surprise Robin with all went into the locked cabinets knowing I have the only key. Seeing I still had some time before she got off work I went to my office to do some online shopping from sex stores that held more specialized items I was interested in.
When Robin came home I could see she was flushed so I met her at the door. 'How was your day today?' Looking up she smiled and began to pull her dress up. It was soon obvious the inside of her thighs were sticky and her sex was bright pink with arousal.
I laughed 'It looks like you like you had a fun day you nasty girl. You might as well ditch the dress and stay nude you look great like that. In fact since I know how you love being an exhibitionist I don't think you should wear clothing at home any more so I can always see your beautiful body.'
'What!' She gasped. Someone could see.... and what if company comes over?'
She looked so worried almost frantic, grabbing her hand I pulled her in to me and holding her tightly and growled in her ear.
'If you want leave a robe or dress hanging by the door so if family comes you can cover up If your fast enough.' I laughed. 'And anyone else.' I shrugged. 'Either I will let you cover up or they can see the fantastic body that now belongs to me and they will be as impressed by your beauty as I am.'
Then I kissed her hard and as she relaxed against me I ran my hands down her body, and reaching under the dress and squeezed and rubbed her fine ass. When I stepped back her skin was even more flushed in her obvious excitement.
'Now strip, grab us some wine and you can tell me about your day.' I said and strode into the living room. When she returned I had her sit in front of me and lean back against my chest.
'Today I worked in the women's clothing section and was constantly reminded of my lack of panties.' She shivered. 'I found no matter how I move the locks sway and pull and the piercing by by my clit rubs when I walk especially on stairs.
I felt aware of my pussy all day and always seem to be a little wet.' After sipping our wine she continued.
'Once a female customer asked me for help and seemed to be flirting, she told me to pick out some G strings for her then told me to stay in the change room incase she needed help.'
Poor Robin was blushing deep red and squirming in her seat. While she spoke I was gently running my hands over her wonderful toned body. Massaging her breasts, tummy and everything else within my reach coax her to continue and help her relax.
'Did you stay and help her like a good girl?' I asked nuzzling her ear. 'I wonder what she could have possibly needed help with?'
'Yes I stayed in the change room with her, and it's so wrong.' She moaned. 'I don't know what is wrong with me, when she told me to stay in like she expected nothing less I just obeyed and closed the stall door.'
'Then she dropped her skirt, put her hands on her hips and told me to try the red ones on her first. By the time I removed hers and put them on her I could smell her heady scent, she was as excited as me.'
Robin reached down to touch her pussy encountering the locks and groaned in frustration. She looked at me making pleading whimpers. And I laughed watching her play with them anyway.
'Not yet love finish your story maybe later. What did she do next?' I prompted.
'She she wanted to try a pair on me but I refused and tried to leave the stall but her naked body blocked the door. Smiling she locked eyes with me and very slowly ran her hands up under my dress up to my hips.
She laughed when she realized I had no underwear and made me hold up my dress for her. I was so embarrassed I was shaking, I wanted to run but so excited I couldn't leave.'
'She crouched down in front of me and examined the locks saying they were sexy as hell. Then she put a yellow pair of boy cut panties on me, kissed my pussy through the fabric then had me finish trying pairs on her.'
'Where did they go because I see your not wearing them now?' I asked getting excited.
'I told her I was not allowed to wear panties. She gave me huge smile said I had to wear them until she was finished shopping and she would come back for them. She thanked me for the help and sent me out of the change room.'
'Afterwards I was really busy working and tried to forget about it. But about an hour later she found me demanded her panties back. I tried to go to the change room but she said she had no time and led me into a quiet corner of the shoe isle, reached under my dress and pulled them off and put them in her pocket.'
'They were soaked with my cream I could even smell it. She handed me a $50 dollar bill with her phone number on it, winked and was gone.' She whispered.
'Sounds like you had a great day lover, how do you feel about it?' I asked wanting to make her say. 'Mortified, confused and ridiculously excited. Shouldn't I be upset, not creaming myself? It is made worse because I can not even touch myself or have sex even if I wanted to.' She said in frustration.
'I love how turned on you got from that encounter I would like you to show someone your pussy every day and tell me about it later. I don't care if it is at work, a gas station or Mcdonalds Ok? If you fail to do so you will earn a punishment, and we both know you can never lie convincingly to me.' I said with amusement. 'Ok I will try.' she whispered.
I nuzzled her neck and nibbled an ear as I slid my hands down her tummy just missing her pussy. Pulling her legs up I put her feet on the edge of the seat so her legs were up and open.
Beginning behind her knees I slid my hands to her bottom, around to the front and back down to her knees. Sensually running my hands all over I had her panting in no time. Sliding nimble fingers slowly along the inside of her sticky thighs and bumping every lock along her pussy I moved all the way up her torso to her breasts.
Giving her nipples a firm last pinch I said 'Sorry I can't lover I have to make a phone call and then I tried to get up to leave her panting and frustrated. 'Oh no you don't Steve, I'm so horny please make me cum your driving me crazy.' She panted looking frantic.
'Shhh, oh my poor little slut did you forget no sex until Friday we must be careful with your new jewelry I would hate to hurt something so pretty. Besides you gave me control of your pussy you need to accept it.'
'If you are good this week and not begging all the time I will reward you on friday. But if you are whining, begging or bitchy you will wait much longer and will need to be punished ok my sweet slut?'
Now I really must make my call.' The excited frenzied look on her face was priceless and a huge turn on as I walked away.
The rest of the week was similar I never let her wear panties, kept her pussy locked and denied her any orgasms. Every night we would practice bondage positions tying her up a new way every night and using fingers or her hitachi wand I would tease her relentlessly.
I would take her to the brink over and over but always denying her in the end. We both found a love for the ropes and positions we were learning and soon became hooked on the excitement and beauty only bondage can provide.
The side effect of the chastity and constant sexual tension was surprising. Robin seemed to stay highly aroused at all times even when not in sexual situations like at work. The constant need also seemed to lower her inhibitions. At home she was becoming very affectionate and obedient almost submissive always taking care of me first to my delight.
By friday several of my special orders arrived so I put them all in front of the play room door. When Robin got home I unlocked the door and told her to help me unpack the items.
It was fun watching her blush and gasp as she worked naked arranging butt plugs, dildos and harnesses on shelves. She hung restraints, collars and cuff sets on wall hooks and fetish garments in the closet. The entire time looking around in fascination taking it all in.
While she worked I set up 2 different stockades and equipment though I'm not sure she guessed what they were yet. When she found the Heavy steel plugs and rattlers She looked shocked. Since I had other surprises in that box I took it to put away in the lockable cabinet and let her sort lubricants, lotions etc.
'Where did all this come from? And how did you afford it.' She whispered with a worried expression.
To ease her fears I grabbed her by the wrists pulled them over head and spun her up against the wall kissing her possessively. 'This will be our playroom I'm putting together for us. A place where I can tie you up, punish you or reward you as I see fit. A place to push our boundaries, explore fantasies and above all remind you you that you are mine.' I growled holding her tight as her alarm faded.
Then I was kissing her again, and the way she was writhing against me and gasping for breath told me better than words that she liked the treatment and perhaps the room.
Breaking our lip lock I began nibbling behind her ear and whispering 'As for the money before we even met my Grand father died and left some money that was invested for me that has done well. I took a small piece of it to build this room, buy a large assortment of toys and whatever else I deem we need.' I chuckled while rubbing my erection against her locked pussy.
'So don't worry about the money. Also if ever you want something to stop no matter what were doing or where we are say your middle name and we will stop. Think of it like a safe word not that I plan to hurt you in any way, well unless you decide you want me to.' I smirked 'Any thing else?'
I was quite enjoying her struggling against my body her erect nipples rubbing my chest, and the feel of her locks grinding on me was a huge turn on.
'Well a week is up and I'm all healed maybe we could try out some of this stuff?' She hinted looking around. All week Robin had been surprisingly good about not begging for relief, wisely opting for subtle hints.
'We will Love but after we go for supper and dancing it is date night and we both have the day off tomorrow. So go shower and clean your goodies very well while I finish in here and then I will help you get ready, now scoot.
With an excited squeal she gave me a ferocious kiss and bounced out of the room. With a smile at her excitement I finished putting away items and readied the things I wanted to try tonight.
When Robin was out of the shower and had her chosen an outfit for the evening I decided what accessories we would use by how short it was.
'Robin come here and sit o the edge of the bed. Before you get dressed we need to change your jewelry so let me remove the locks and rings.' Eager she was laying on the bed legs splayed open very quickly.
When the locks and rings were all removed I brought over the new Jewelry box handing it to her. 'This is the special bars, hoops, studs etc that I bought for you and some I had specially made by a jeweler. As I think of new designs or ideas they will be kept in here.' I explained.
'Some of these are beautiful but others are a little frightening.' She joked checking them out.
'If you had chosen a long skirt or dress I would have chosen these.' Showing her the set of thirteen gold studs each complete with a 2 inch heavy gold chain. Maybe next friday you will wear these with the long horse hair butt plug that goes with them and we can dance the night away while they all swing and drive you mad with desire.'
I said with a smirk and wink. They should be heavy enough to pull your pussy wide open and with the 13 chains swinging while you dance they should prove interesting.'
'Wow they are beautiful and quite heavy, they will feel devine, can't I wear them now?' She pouted. 'I laughed. 'Nope I have something else special for tonight so pull out that purple velvet bag for me and I will do the honors unless you would like to?' I asked.
She opened the bag and her eyes widened in surprise. 'These are pretty but why are there are only 6?' As she before it I saw the comprehension on her face.
'They were designed by the jeweler who works at the tattoo parlor and sized for you, they look like little roses. The stem goes through both sides of your labia like this and I use the key to lock the keeper on the other side and "click" a perfect fit'
Because she was laying down and couldn't see me very well I slid a remote vibrating egg inside her steamy pussy before sealing it inside with the next stud. While I worked she was playing with her nipples and unable to stay still. Before I did the last one I gave her clitty a few licks and a promise for later and then it was done.
Standing up I asked 'Does it feel as good as it looks?' Running her fingers over the lips of her pussy squeezed tight by the bars she smiled. 'It feels really cool and I bet when I walk it will pull constantly. What did you slip inside me mr. sneaky?'
'That is just something to grip if you get all turned on now roll over for a sec I need to see your ass for a minute.'
Once she was on her tummy I lubed up her bum and the little minx was pushing back at my fingers. The long week of frustration had her hungry for any penetration so I obliged her by working a nice sized metal pug into her eager ass.
'There you go my pet slut, that will feel good tonight something extra to stoke your fire. It looks great I think you should wear one all the time from now on.' With a smack on her bottom I let her up. 'Oo I like this one a lot she said if feels wonderful thank you.'
'Ok I'm done my sexy slut. In the box there is a long stainless steel bar, it is to replace your nipple studs. Please put it on and you finish getting ready. I need to shower and change, our reservation is in an hour.' Giving her a kiss I left her to figure it out.
When I was finished getting ready I found Robin in the play room trying on a collar. 'Fuck me you look gorgeous! I will be fighting people off all night.' I exclaimed matter of factly.
She was wearing a white sleeveless mini dress that stopped halfway to her knees. It fit snug hugging her curves perfectly. The bar connecting her nipples together was just covered and stuck out noticeably against the thin material but did not look indecent. It would keep her wonderful long nipples erect all night while pulling her cleavage together and ensuring a lot of attention.
'Keep the silver collar it makes you look extra fuckable and people will fantasize whether or not you wear it by choice.' She strutted over with an exaggerated swish of her hips and felt a rattle. 'What the hell was that?' She yelped.
I was laughing so it took a bit to calm down enough to explain. 'The butt plug is a rattler it will move and rattle inside you when you move especially when your dancing. The club is loud enough no one will hear it so don't worry, trust me and enjoy. Smiling we were eager to depart.
Entering the restaurant all eyes, men and woman were drinking in the beautiful sensual Robin. At first she seemed shy with all the attention but the smoldering and envious looks took there toll and seemed to empower her.
After dinner she excused her self to the ladies room and several other women followed her in. When she returned to the table the fixed me with an intense look trying hard not to smile.
'Did you see that older woman follow me? She wondered if I was alright she thought I might be in distress.' She laughed. 'And that tall woman with fantastic legs was a call girl, she was curious if I was a working girl and hoping we would like some extra company.'
Still smiling. Robin added. 'By the way it is very hard to pee with my pussy locked together so tightly, you know I can't even get a finger through anywhere.' She shook her head exasperated.
'I'm glad to hear it is as effective as it is pretty.' I teased. Maybe next time we can put in a catheter for the night, It is easy to do and if done right painless. Now finish your glass of wine so we can go dancing.' I urged.
'By the way your sister called when you were in the ladies room she said she might meet us there.' I'm glad Robin looked happy at the news I hadn't been sure how she would feel 'Yaay I haven't seen Amy for weeks tonight is going to be fun. We will cheer her up!'
Robins sister amy is 2 years older than us at 27 and is in the prime of her beauty. We have not seen much of her this past year since the man she was engaged to died in combat. She has had a hard time of it, all but swearing off dating but for Robin she could go out to relax for a few hours and escape her grieving in laws.
Robin seemed to glow with sexual energy, the attention and frustration seems to have had a wonderful effect on her. I loved seeing her so amped up suddenly felt very lucky to have her. While I was thinking this I saw a twinkle in her eye and felt her foot settle into my lap and begin rubbing my shaft.
She was getting very frisky in the restaurant so I turned the vibrator on low to show her I still hold all the cards but it didn't faze her at all. She just gave me an evil grin and rubbed my dick even more aggressively. After a few minutes I was afraid we would draw attention so I shut off the vibe and eased her foot from my lap.
The frustration on her face was adorable and only added to my arousal. 'We have all night there hot stuff so pace your self. If you get any more worked up I'm not sure if you will be cheered on or escorted out.' I laughed pointedly looking around.
'Fine.' Robin muttered drank the last of her wine, giggled grabbed my hand and we headed for the door. When we were making our way out a girl blew Robin a kiss, who winked and blew one right back much to my amusement and causing a busboy to trip and drop his tray of dishes.
We were barely in the car and Robin had my fly down teasing me, wanting better access she laid across the seats and inhaled my cock so the root. It was hard to drive when she was devouring me like a woman possessed.
So it is a good thing the bar we were headed to was quite close or I might have had a wreck. When we pulled in I leaned back with my hands on her head ready to enjoy the inevitable, but when I got close she pulled off and sat up leaving me hanging.
With a wink she said 'Looks like you have a problem big boy but fair is fair and you made me wait a week so you can last a few hours.' She laughed getting out of the car.
'Oh thats fine by me my lovely little slut, just fine.' I locked the car, went around to the passenger side and swept her up in to a sizzling embrace. I flipped on the vibe while kissing her deeply and running my hands down her back to her ass and gave her a good smack While grinding my erection against her.
I broke the kiss just long enough to whisper. 'You better put my dick away before someone notices what a desperate depraved slut you really are.'
I kicked the vibe up another notch while she fumbled trying to get my throbbing dick in my pants and zipped up. It took longer than it should have and she was whimpering, gasping and grinding against me shamelessly by the time she finished.
I switched the vibe off before she got too close and with my arm supporting her around her waist whisked us toward the door giving her no time to recover. At the door a bouncer asked her for ID because she was so flushed or for time to look at her straining barely confined nipples.
I turned the vibe on low while she found her license and talked to him with gritted teeth acting as calm as possible, only hitting stop when we were inside.
I found us a table near the dance floor so I could watch her if she was dancing without me but far enough for a little privacy if her back is to the rest of the room. We sat down and ordered drinks so we could talk while I let her calm down a little.
'Ok babe do me a favor tonight, accept no drinks from anyone except me or Amy I don't want you hurt alright? And if you sit a drink down away from our table even for a second just leave it. You look drop dead gorgeous tonight and with your tits pulled together by that bar every one will want you.' I stated bluntly.
'If you say so Steve but there are lots of gorgeous girls hotter than me here tonight.' She shrugged looking around. 'Hot girls sure but none of them are oozing sexuality like you. Your more sexually charged than all of them put together.' I argued while my eyes bored into hers forcing her to admit the truth of my words.
'All week you have been good so I want to make you an offer. If you have two orgasms before we leave the club when we go home we will try out our play room. I promise to wring every drop of pleasure out of your body I possibly can until you beg for mercy or pass out.' I smirked.
'What in public?' She hissed eyes darting around. 'What if someone notices or, "gasp" my sister.' She Wheezed. With a shaky hand she downed her entire her drink. 'She will know wont she?' Robin asked suddenly worried.
'In all honesty love I think one of us needs to level with your sister anyway. She is smart and with you acting and dressing differently, never mind the custom nipple jewelry she will be curious and want an explanation.'
'Hell she will probably notice your state of arousal at first glance, you are sisters after all and she loves you. I bet she will be happy for you. or jealous.' I joked stroking her face with my fingers.
'Oh god I don't know what to say to her. What if I do it wrong and she thinks I'm a slut or something. Maybe you could talk to her and I will explain the rest tomorrow somewhere quieter. Would you please?' She was batting her eyes and looked so cute how could I refuse.
Over the next hour we had several drinks and I did my best to keep her arousal level extremely high. When she was sitting I don't think she even noticed her self grinding against the plug in her ass in time to the music.
And when she was dancing she was always surrounded by a crowd. I was watching her dance with a tall beautiful redhead who held Robin by the hips holding her tight from behind when I flipped the remote on high and she had her first orgasm of the night.
Red must have noticed because with a naughty smile she held her tight while Robin shuttered and moaned while still jerkily swaying to the music. When she recovered enough Robin tried to escape but red pulled her back, spun her around and gave her a full deep kiss. I think she said something but I never found out what. Red even helped Robin get back to the table and gave me a smile and a wave before heading back out to dance.
'Wow I can not believe how intense that was' she grinned up at me shaking her head. 'Thank god that chick held me up.' Robin giggled while searching out a new drink. Reaching under the table to hold and stroke her leg I found it very sticky so with a smile I licked my fingers provocatively to show my approval.
'Hi guys been here long?' Amy said dropping into a seat across from her sister. Shaking her head to the negative, Robin squealed 'So great to see you' and jumped up for a hug.
'Wow I dig the new look sis... in fact you look amazing! Good for you girl! Now what's new?'
And just like that Robin blushed and said. 'Lots of changes lately how bout I get us some more drinks and Steve can start to fill you in ok? I will be right back.' With a kiss on the cheek for each of us she split. 'What is with her?' Amy asked puzzled watching her sister go.
I had Amy sit beside me and I told her most of what I have been doing with Robin. I didn't intend to tell her as much as I did but she kept asking and digging until most of it came out.
Robin stayed within sight and kept a worried eye on us talking while she danced. I switched to coffee but Amy downed two beers by the time she was satisfied with my answers.
'So my little sister is finally playing in the deep end of the kinky pool, no wonder the poor girl is is such a state.' Amy laughed a musical sounding laugh.
'So she didn't think I would understand even though I have told her lots of my crazy stories and have told her to cut loose for years the silly girl. As long as she is not mistreated or forced to do anything against her will, I say good for you both!'
Eyes twinkling she had a strange eager look on her face but it still caught me off guard when she asked. 'Can I play too? If you have a leash for that collar It might help me to put her at ease letting her know I'm fine with everything.'
Her puppy dog eyes were too much so I handed her the leash and surprising her also the remote. I extracted a promise for there return should I ask.
Shaking my head smiling 'You don't fool around do you? You know I was only planning to attach the leash when it was time to leave here but lets see what you can do.' I said eager to know how Robin will react. Beaming me a smile Amy slipped out of the booth on a mission.
I had been searching the crowd for close to ten minutes when I spotted Amy leading Robin from the bathroom, the shiny metal linked leash attached to her shiny steel collar. Robin kept her eyes downcast but she looked to be vibrating with excitement.
Catching my eye on the dance floor Amy angled toward me with Robin in tow. Even with the pounding music I could hear whistles and exclamations of appreciation I swear all eyes locked on the 2 girls.
We ended up dancing most often with Robin sandwiched between us, all hope of restraint long lost, trusting in us to keep her safe.
Amy must have kept the vibrator on most of the time only playing with the speed because I spent half my time holding her up, and being dry humped.
Shortly after she recovered from another knee buckling climax I excused my self for a bathroom break warning Amy to take it easy on her sister while I was gone.
After relocating the girls, it was obvious I was not required so I decided rest up and watch the show and snap the odd picture with my cell phone. Four beautiful woman had surrounded Robin and Amy.
Somehow they were keeping men back and taking turns to bump and grind on the sisters, hands all over the place. I could see one gorgeous woman in particular spending more time with Robin than the others. They seemed to kiss deeper and god only knows what there hands were doing while the swayed provocatively to the music, they seemed oblivious to the rest of the world.
I was drinking coffee and giving serious thought to joining the girls when I felt someone sidle up to me putting a hand on my shoulder.
'Are you enjoying the show sir?' Said a sexy voice in my ear. Turning I saw the beautiful blond who had just been with Robin. She was about 5' 5 with long blond hair, light blue eyes, a radiant smile and generous curves.
She leaned down close to me and in a husky voice said. 'Your wife is gorgeous, and has very clever fingers.' She laughed daintily. 'My name is EllieMay and I would love to get to know you guys or your situation better, can I give you my number for her?'
Between the pretty blue eyes, big breasts and fantastic ass she seemed far too good to be true. Things like this don't normally happen to me so I was a bit suspicious.
Thinking fast I gave a naughty grin and replied in a firm voice. 'Sure thing EllieMay but only if I can have your panties so she knows your serious!' As I said it I could scarcely believe I'd had the nerve.
With a wink and a huge smile she reached under her skirt and slid them down her legs never breaking eye contact. Bending at the waist she picked them off the floor and dropped them in my hand.
'Thanks sugar I can hardly wait.' She whispered in my ear and kissing my cheek she walked away.
Looking around I saw her name and number scrawled on a napkin so I shoved it and the panties in my pocket and began searching for the girls. It took time to make my way through the crowd but I eventually made it and the crowd of girls parted presenting my lovely wife to me.
My poor Robin looked ridden hard with her hair mussed and face coated in sweat. But her l blissful look reassured me. Seeing me she squealed with excitement and jumped into my arms for a kiss.
When her hands touched my face I caught a familiar heady scent so I caught a hand and sucked on the fingers.
She gave me a silly grin and a shrug as if to say what do you expect and we resumed dancing with the new song. After another hour of constant dancing her previously white dress was near soaked.
Deciding we had enough I signaled Amy and we left the club after much groaning and begging for us to stay by fellow dancers. Noticing the crowd of fans the girls had a massed the bouncer walked us to the car. Once inside I relieved Amy of my remote though I suspect the batteries were dead.
Pulling out of the parking lot both girls began to giggle hysterically collapsing against one another whispering. As I passed under a street light I could see Robins dress had become near transparent in places from sweat and who knows what else, a good thing bars aren't brightly lit.
'Fuck sis you were hot!' Amy gushed 'I bet 90% of those people fantasize about you tonight. I had more fun than ever before thank you. "kiss, kiss, giggles" Did you get the roving hands too Robin?'
'Oh yes I think every one of those girls explored my chest and locked pussy in detail, and one chick even pulled my top down for a second to see my tits. She asked how I like the nipple bar.' "giggles"
'I can hardly believe I let strangers touch me like that your a very bad influence on me Robin.' Amy playfully admonished.
'Ya right you loved it you naughty bitch, don't think I didn't notice your hands on me and other girls.' Robin teased 'You know I was worried when you demanded I join you in the bathroom Amy.' "giggles"
'But it was so worth it being on the leash and then the dancing WOW! I must have cum 5 times you bitch.' She said excited.
Finally noticing where I was driving Amy said. 'No Fucking way are you guys ditching me until I hear every sordid detail from you guys. I'm going home with you kinky people.'
Perplexed I locked eyes with Robin through the mirror and got a shrug. 'Fine by me but talk has to wait till tomorrow my hubby still owes me!' She smirked. 'Until I beg or pass out those were his exact words.' I laughed 'That will be easy your half wore out already.'
Walking in the front door Robin dropped her clothes just inside saying. 'Please get me a drink I will be in the shower.' She kissed my cheek and skipped up the stairs. While I fixed a large pitcher of drinks and grabbed bottles of water Amy asked 'Why did she get naked at the front door?'
'I banned clothing in our home because I love to admire her wonderful body and she is an exhibitionist. I admit it is kinda fun, I have been going nude most of the time too.' I shrugged.
Giving me a mischievous look Amy headed for the stairs trailing clothing as she went. With a sing song voice saying 'When in Rome do as Romans do "giggles".'
I was beginning to worry about Amy's expectations tonight but decided if she got carried away I could tie her up or find a away to lock up her pussy as well. I will admit the thought of her naked watching me fuck her sister into submission was exciting. So with a smile I went to prepare for the evenings festivities.
When the play room was ready I peeked into the bathroom and asked. 'Can sneak in quickly, it is a good time to remove the studs in Robins pussy and her nipple bar.'
She Waved me in causing Amy to squeal. 'You will stay there and remain still slut if you know what is good for you.' Robin growled and swatted her sisters ass.
Amy was on her hands and knees in the shower with Robins foot on the back of her neck keeping her in place with a 2 quart enema bag hanging above her.
Amy was moaning and groaning as water rushed in her bowels held in place by her sister above her. When the bag was empty Robin turned to me and with her legs open I removed the chastity studs and nipple bar before retreating out of the bathroom giving them privacy again.
As I left the bath room thinking of there wet glistening bodies a thought came to me. So gathered up some left over poster board and some paint. I was ready when they emerged dripping from the shower and handed them each a brush.
'I want you ladies to paint one another, then using only your bodies create a piece of art for our playroom.' I smirked.
'Ooo this will be fun.' The girls chorused in excitement. Much gasping, giggling chaos ensued. I'm thankful I had the foresight to lay down plastic before because there was paint every where in no time.
While they played I disrobed and pulled out a different jewelry box with more common studs, hoops and rings for robin to choose from tonight.
When I turned around both giggling girls tackled me laughing, grabbing and trying to knock me down but only succeeding in transferring paint onto me. Deciding they were finished with the art project I flipped Amy over my shoulder and made a break for the bathroom Robin in close pursuit as we piled into the shower to wash the paint off.
I especially enjoyed scrubbing Amy's firm C cup breasts and pink nipples. The frisky bitch thrust her tongue halfway down my throat while tugging on my cock while I felt Robin soaping up my ass.
Robin was tight behind me keeping me pinned against Amy as she worked a soapy finger in my ass and whispered in my ear. 'Amy is going to play with us lover and she knows your cock is likely all mine tonight but anything else goes alright lover?'
Panting I could only nod and groan, giving into the traitorous sensations I felt and the passionate kiss I was receiving. Turned on beyond belief I redoubled playing with Amy's nipples Trying to ignore how good fingers on my cock and in my ass felt.
Thinking things might get out of my control I rinsed us off and shut the water down. Laughing we all tried to dry each other at once. Satisfied they were dry enough I scooped up Robin and locked in a kiss I carried her to our room dumping her on the bed.
'Amy help Robin pick out something to wear from that box on the bed I will be in the play room.' Gathering up the art work I pinned it up on one wall, putting ElliMay's moist panties and phone number beside it.
I quickly made sure the stocks and monkey rocker had attachments handy and covered them with a sheet to be a surprise.
As an after thought I grabbed a matching set of padded leather collar, cuffs and a pair of heavy duty thigh restraints headed back to the room.
The sisters were preoccupied playing with each other surprising me with there unrestrained enthusiasm. As I approached I saw Robin had large hoops through her nipples and nether lips much to my approval.
I had both the wrist cuffs on Amy and was starting her ankles before I got much reaction. Robin held her tight while I finished tightening them and the thigh straps.
'Shhh Amy relax we wont hurt you.' Robin Cooed causing me to chuckle while I buckled a matching padded collar on her.
'Seems to me Robin invited you to play with us Amy. If you still want to it only seems fair that you should answer to her tonight especially after you enjoyed her suffering earlier. Now behave.' I ordered Handing Amy's lead to Robin she led the way into the play room.
'Holy shit what have I gotten into.' Amy whispered with big frightened eyes. Slipping a finger into Amy's wetness Robin led her to the bed.
'Don't worry we will take good care of you.' she purred 'Please warm her up Steve I'd like to restrain her.' Robin coaxed Amy into a doggy position and ran short straps from the ring on the collar to both Amy's wrists.
Having a good idea what Robin was up to I slid under Amy and began to tease and lick her juicy bald pussy while toying with her nipples.
With Amy writhing on my face Robin encountered little resistance hooking a spreader bar between Amy's legs and securing the thigh straps to the collar. Tightly bound face down in a wide spread doggy position, her knees as close to her head as possible left her very vulnerable.
I was avoiding Amy's clit purposely with my tongue not wanting to let her cum yet and being careful not to over stimulate her G spot as I worked her with my fingers. I felt Robin brush my hand and Amy gasped and groaned breathlessly and I realized Robin was working something into her ass. Causing more moaning, gasping and cursing.
'Oh Amy your ass is nice and tight on my fingers it feels so nice.' Robin hummed 'Do you feel like a slut with Steve sucking your cunt while tied down like a bitch?
You look fucking hot! Any one could walk by and stick something in your cunt or ass and you couldn't do a thing just like this.' Robin teased removing finger and introducing something else to her freshly lubricated hole.
'OH FUCK Robin that feels big what is that?' Amy cried.
'Hmmm? This is a toy I saw on the wall and it begged me to try it out. And don't think Steve will let you cum until it is all the way in so you better relax and let us take care of you.' She moaned touching her self while she worked. 'Thats better, good girl almost..... and in! Now you can cum slut.' Robin snapped. IAAAEEEEEE Amy screamed with the start of her climax.
When I felt Amy give a little shutter as the plug finally seated, I had curled my fingers up inside and clamped my lips on her clit sucking hard bumping it with my teeth from time to time.
The way she bucked, screamed and convulsed I'm glad she was tied down or one of us may have been hurt. As it was I almost drowned in yummy girl cum as it squirted all over my face leaving me soaked.
Extracting my self I saw what Robin put in Amy's ass, it was the medium sized permanent butt plug. It looks like a trailer ball hitch and has a middle piece that when unscrewed leaves a through hole for bowel movements or enemas.
It is perfectly designed for long term wear and the shiny metal looks pretty. Laughing I gave it a swat and said 'Good choice Robin it looks great on her.'
Robin watched in fascination I removed the box of new electrostim toys from the locked cabinet. Selecting the medium sized PES vaginal plug I slipped it into Amy's twitching pussy and hooked secondary leads to the back of the butt plug turning turning the power on low.
'Amy If you are careful to to let this slip out it will give you the ride of your life.' I stated quite seriously. 'It is on random so the electricity will pulse in varying patterns and intensity passing from one plug to the other.
As your pussy contracts from the electricity the plug should work in and out on it's own basically fucking you and hopefully giving us a good show.' I explained smiling.
'What if I need to turn it off, it could get too intense couldn't it?' Amy asked, a worried expression on her pretty face feeling the device working it's magic.
Robin laughed and giving her a small kiss on the lips said bluntly. 'Then you enjoy it or not but you will damn well wait until we are finished sugar! Then we will make the bad toy stop but not before.'
I was amused by Robins false sympathy but growing impatient I grabbed Robin by the nipple rings leading her in front of the bed against the wall.
Holding her hands I lashed them together from wrists to her elbow's. I then fed the rope through a reinforced ring in the wall near the ceiling tying it off when she was almost on tip toe and arms above her.
Turning her toward the wall I gave her a few smacks on the bottom before removing the rattler plug from her ass.
'Good girl you kept this in like instructed but I have other plans for your ass just now.' Her eyes followed me as I selected a hook with a rather large ball from the shelf to her left and got an encouraging groan in anticipation.
Using a generous amount of lube to prepare her I took my time working the hook in nice and deep. Using a short piece of rope tied around her hair above her pony tail, I ran it over her ass and through the hook securing it nice and tight. Then with her moaning and squirming in her bonds I hung weights off each labia ring on Robins drooling pussy opening it up obscenely.
'Oh now that looks delightful, what to do to you girls while your all trussed up like nasty sluts hmmm?' With a laugh I grabbed a container of special cream designed to increase blood flow and the sensitivity of the vagina to seriously increase arousal.
I was instructed by a dominatrix we know that with a few additions like extra ginseng etc the effect can be dramatically intensified. Unsure what to expect the first time I very carefully applied only a little to first Robin then Amy's labia and clit making sure to rub it in.
Then turned the PES power box up to a high setting leaving it just it out of Amy's reach but in clear view. The creams effect seemed to be immediate and intense, and with the power setting higher she was rapidly hurtling toward orgasm, likely the first of many.
'I only applied a little magic X cream to see how well this works so enjoy ladies, I know I will.' I smirked moving toward Robin with my throbbing dick leading the way. Gently pulling on a convenient Nipple ring again I turned Robin to face me. Both girls were writhing in their respective bondage, whimpers and moans growing in volume and desperation.
Now that I was close enough Robins legs flew around my waist trying desperately to draw me inside her, pulling herself tight to me and grinding against my cock like a bitch in heat. Enjoying her torment I carefully bumped my cock against her gaping pussy easily contacting her clitty earning a scream for my trouble.
Carefully I maneuvered my 7" cock between us against her open cunt but not entering her. Just keeping my cock trapped between us and only letting her rub against the object of her desire. The evil cream in full effect seemed to be driving her mad and desperate with need.
'Just fuck me like you promised you bastard, Pleaseee ohh god please!! What the fuck did you put on MEEEEE.' She screamed as I suddenly slammed into her wide open pussy as hard as I could and began to fuck the ever living shit out of her.
Sick of listening to the screams, threats and begging from both girls I Pulled ElliMay's panties off the wall forcing then in Robins mouth before explaining where they came from. Now with Robin gagged it was easier to tune Amy out, Instead savoring the clasping pussy that was constantly cumming all over my cock while I set a furious pace.
I savaged her pussy relentlessly the weights hanging from her pussy swinging like crazy both smacking my balls and hitting Robins ass hook with loud clinks. I hooked a finger in each of her nipple hoops and abused them sending my needy bitch ever higher.
Judging by her head movement while we fucked the hook was giving her back door a real workout exciting me further. Wanting more depth I pulled out of her just long enough to lift her ankles over my shoulders leaving her supported primarily from her arms and my cock. Unintelligible obscenities streamed from her mouth as I drove fully into her depths harder and harder with every stroke.
Between the cream, rough treatment and bondage she had not stopped cumming since I entered her completely lost in the ecstasy of the moment. While continuing to carve out her insides I kissed her mouth through the panties to further quiet her muffled screams and try to get her attention. Turning us slightly I said. 'Look at Amy she looks frantic.' I gasped.
I don't know how coherent she was looking at her sister who was a quivering orgastic mess, But I was enjoying the show. Amy was pulling at her bonds and pumping her hips down desperately fucking her electric lover and from our perspective it was an erotic, comical sight.
Her sweaty face pressed against the bed watching us watch her with her, legs spread wide her tight little ass up humping downward. Trying desperately to grind against anything while her full pulsing holes kept pushing her ever higher relentlessly.
The frantic pace and erotic situation were quickly taking their toll so with a fierce kiss stealing Robins breath I growled in her ear. 'Watch your slutty sister you hot bitch.' Lowering her legs to the floor I pulled out of her clasping snatch and climbed on the bed grabbing Amy's face. 'Open up slut I hissed.'
With an eager lunge she inhaled my cock to the root without so much as gagging, moaning in approval and sucking hard. Tangling my hands in her hair I fucked her throat with full deep thrusts. So lost in my passion I only lasted 20 strokes before I pushed deep and blew my load straight in to her belly only letting her breath again when I finished.
Pulling out I collapsed onto the bed breathing hard and turned the power down on on the power box that was forcing her to cum. It took awhile for us all to catch out breath before we all broke out into huge grins and giggles.
The girls gushed over the best experience either had ever had while I concentrated on releasing them from there bonds and got us all drinks that were quickly consumed. Robin was a mess and limp in my arms when I laid her beside Amy.
'So have you had enough yet?' I asked a little worried I may have been too rough. With a smirk both girls shook their heads and chorused 'NEVER!' Then broke out laughing. Setting me at ease.
Adequately rested Amy pulled the hook out of Robins butt and with her encouragement found something different to replace it. Then they started tickling each other and me which quickly evolved into grab the closest pink parts. Soon we were sharing a three way kiss hands wandering absolutely everywhere.
Knowing that with them playing around they soon they would be ready for more. I slipped out of the bed and to their amusement blindfolded folded them and left them to entertain one another so I could prepare a surprise.
Trying to ignore the moans and action on the bed I uncovered the Monkey Rocker Tango. I moved it closer and attached both dildo attachments then made sure it could move freely.
Turning back to the bed I saw Robin had both her sisters legs over one shoulder fucking her sister like crazy with a FeelDoe, the strapless strap on.
The piece inside her seemed to keep the dido steady and allow her to control it like a real dick while stimulating her as well. I watched them fascinated as Robin fucked Amy driving her to a small climax.
'Very nice ladies but you better stop that before you realize you don't need me anymore.' I teased grabbing their hands I helped them off the bed. 'Robin first, I will guide you into place and get you seated then Amy and no peaking pls.'
I pulled off the blindfolds when they had both settled into place facing each other on the monkey rocker. The tip of a dildo just inside both steamy pussies keeping their bodies pressed together. Working quickly I hooked contact pads to each sister for the Electro stim to pass current between them any where they touch, turned it on and sat down to watch.
Staring deep into each others widening eyes they slowly began rocking back and forth. When they would rock toward Amy the machine would stroke into Robin and vice versa. It was a beautiful thing to witness as they used the monkey rocker to make love.
Kissing, nibbling and caressing they made love rocking faster and faster all the time. Every time they would climax the pace only seemed to increase.
I was slowly stroking my cock watching this beautiful union when they got worked up bucking and rocking so fast I was worried they could get bucked off. With a shrill cry of triumph Amy's body began to spasm and lock up in ecstasy sending Robin into oblivion as well.
I saw Robin start to crumple and managed to scoop her up before she hit the floor. The poor girl passed out so I carried her into our room and was tucking her in when she opened her eyes a blissful look still on her face.
'That was fun babe, "kisses" where is Amy? She should sleep in here with us, will you go get her please?'
Lovingly I ran my fingers across her cheek asked. 'Are you sure babe, she can sleep there you know.' I asked. Shaking her head with a smile she shooed me out to retrieve her anyway.
Amy was still recovering when I got back so I helped her off and scooped her into my strong arms getting an appreciative look. With a contented sigh she laid her head on my shoulder and mumbled. 'Hmm this is nice, thanks for remembering me.' I had only taken two steps when I felt her fingers on my still throbbing erection. 'Ooo what is this? Is it for me?' She asked with a silky seductive voice.
'Perhaps if you came to an agreement with Robin in advance you might feel my monster someday. Tonight that is all for my slutty wife you insatiable little nympho.' I teased her.
'Robin and I have been waiting a week and I'm not through with her yet. Although I have no objection to what your doing with your hand.' I chuckled before tucking her in the far side of our king sized bed ignoring her pouting.
Robin had a huge loving smile as I crawled into bed and her embrace. 'It is good to know you want me lover but if you want Amy I really don't mind.' She breathed in my ear while stroking my length and fondling my balls. In answer I held her possessively plunging 2 fingers into her pussy and latching on to an erect nipple eliciting a low whine from her. Before responding.
'No! remember you are mine my slutty little wife and I want to fuck you to remind you I love you, That I control you, possess you, and own you and you love me for it!' I rumbled playing her body perfectly.
'Was tonight good for you slut? Are you ready for me to lock away your poor abused cunt again until I decide you deserve another reward like tonight, however long it takes you to earn it?' I asked deviously slipping only the tip of my dick inside her to tease waiting for the correct response.
'Oh please fuck me baby, fuck your slutty, slutty wife.' She groaned trying unsuccessfully to work more of me inside her needy box. Releasing her sensitive nipple from my lips said.
'Oh I plan to lover but only if you ask nicely.' Holding her immobile I began rotating my hips working the tip of my cock in circles carving a wide circle just inside her moist folds. Nibbling her neck and sucking on her earlobes proved too much.
'Yes I want you to lock up my pussy it is yours to do as you see fit damn it.' She panted breathlessly 'I love being your slut! I really do, now please fuck me.' She begged gasping and moaning. Very slowly I sank my thick throbbing cock in to her drawing it out to make her feel every inch.
When I was fully seated I began rotations again this time carving a wide swaths deep inside of her before I began to slowly move in and out. I made love to Robin slowly and carefully with Amy masturbating beside us watching and holding Robins hand. When I sensed she was getting close I slowed down and changed positions.
Turning Robin to her side a little I lifted her leg and entered her from the side settling the raised leg up over my hip. This left me in total control and I could even play with her lovely long nipples at the same time.
Some times stroking deeply as possible, other times I would stay buried to the hilt and carve wide circles inside her while grinding against her clit before alternating back to deep strokes. I began to pick up the pace as I felt my climax approaching my thrusts growing more and more forceful much to Robins delight.
Robin preoccupied nursing on her sisters breasts and didn't see me grab a small tube of jelly I left on the bedside table.
Robin was getting more and more vocal and attacking Amy tits with a vengeance her orgasm quickly approaching. Squirting a little gel on my finger I pulled away from her body just enough to wipe it on her clit before I resumed fucking her.
Robin howled in frustration as the topical anesthetic did it's evil magic barely robbing her of her joy, causing her to buck and grind harder searching for the missing sensations. With a bellow I grabbed both sides of her face and we kissed passionately as I shot my load deep into her frustrated depths.
Robin kept grinding her cunt on my softening dick as I caught my breath whimpering but wisely not complaining after such a crazy night.
'That was wonderful my sweet slut so I will give you a choice. Would you like me to tie your hands to the headboard or lock up your pussy for the night so you don't misbehave?' I asked sweetly nuzzling her neck.
'I will be sore after tonight so being tied up may not be a good idea.' She whimpered slowly coming down from the sexual high.
So leaving Amy to comfort and console her I removed half the rings from her labia. Then very carefully I worked each remaining ring through the corresponding hole on the opposite side Pulling her lips tight together.
I had to work carefully but was quite pleased with the result, perfect for tonight I thought. I admired the pretty pussy neatly sealed from top to bottom keeping even her clit inaccessible. But tomorrow it will still get 1 large padlock I thought to my self yawning.
Crawling back up the bed ready to let my exhaustion claim me I was delighted to feel both ladies curl there bodies around mine. And to my delighted surprise I got a kiss on each cheek and heard them say 'Goodnight master.' Then there was blessed sleep and even the girls murmuring couldn't disturb me as I dreamt of all the nights to come.
Who would have guessed locking down a naughty pussy could revitalize a marriage and bring us closer than ever?
Please vote if you liked this.