John didn't think he was a bad person, but he did treat women somewhat badly at times. It just wasn't a good time for him right now. He was out of a job, and knew he would be kicked out from his apartment soon if he didn't pay for another month. He couldn't ask his mother or father, because they were already so ashamed of him that he couldn't possibly let them know he was broke again. He was desperate for a job, but was too stuck up to do something like working at a restaurant or grocery store. He had to figure out something fast, or he would be living on the streets soon.
The thing was, John had a degree in nursing. It wasn't too tough for him, because though he was lazy, he was also very intelligent. He aced the classes without even studying, and then realized by the end, when he had started applying for jobs, that the field itself was a tad bit sexist. No one felt comfortable with a male nurse. He didn't know if the patients just didn't want him to touch them, or just felt uncomfortable with a guy taking care of them. All in all, it was impossible for him to get a job. No matter how hard he tried.
All of these thoughts were running through his head, and he was so done with everything going on with his life that he didn't even bother answering the phone, which was ringing for what felt like the twentieth time that night. This girl will not leave me alone. He thought grumpily. It was a girl that he met in a bar, he could barely even remember her name. Jessica maybe? They had met up a few times, though he wouldn't really call them 'dates' perse. She was too clingy and into him, and he just wasn't interested in a relationship at the moment. Not even close. He wanted a fling, and she wanted way more. He thought he was being kind by letting her go before she got too into him, but clearly he was a moment too late. Because she would not stop calling him. Over and over again. At this point, he considered changing his phone number so he wouldn't have to deal with her anymore. Good riddance.
Anyways, he had more important things to worry about. Like job hunting. He pulled up his old laptop, and began to scroll on the job website. Like always, there were barely any posts on nursing, though he was surprised to find one that seemed to have popped up out of nowhere. He pressed on it, and couldn't help but gasp. It was absolutely perfect. A good pay, walking distance, and it didn't specify if they were looking for males or females! He scrambled to fill out the application, making sure every detail was spot-on and perfect. He couldn't stop grinning as he did so. This was absolutely incredible, and exactly what he needed on this foul day.
It took him a few hours to make it spot-on, but after he pressed submit, he knew he had done a great job. It would suck for him to wait for a response, but he knew they would have to at least ask him for an interview, and he was typically pretty charming in those.
He only had to wait for a day for them to respond to him. He was mid-spoon when he saw his phone buzz, and he picked it up eagerly for the tenth time that day. It was finally the news he was looking for.
John Meyers,
We have received your application at the Health Institute of E.O.N. Are you available for an interview this Friday at 10:00a.m.? It will be with two of the nursing staff. A further interview will be conducted with the head nurse of the institute at a later date.
Sincerely,
Anne
Office Receptionist
Two interviews? That seemed a little excessive, but he knew about the institute. They were highly regarded in the medical community, and during his placements as a nurse it was heavily sought after to get a position there. Only a few girls in his class were able to get in, and ended up getting jobs there, though he didn't know them very well.
He couldn't stop his excitement, though, this was the first time he even got an interview for a nursing position. It was beyond amazing. He would have to work hard to look presentable and be his best for the interview, because he needed to get this job, no matter what.
He quickly wrote down a reply, telling them he would be available at that time on Friday, and then smirked to himself. This was going to be great.
------
By Friday, he was a nervous wreck. This was it. His only opportunity. If he screwed this up, he would have to take a shameful walk home to his parents' house, and admit defeat. He would be a thirty year old man with no prospects. This was horrid to even think about. He put on a dress shirt and nice matching grey pants, combed his messy blonde hair a few times, and decided that he needed to just breathe heavy breaths and just deal with it. He would rock this interview, and they would hire him for sure.
The institute was mesmerizing. He had seen the outside before while driving by, but the brick building on the outside was nothing compared to the sleek design of the inside. The lobby had one of the highest ceilings he'd ever seen, and the walls were some sort of glass, making the light illuminating the floor even more mesmerizing. He awkwardly walked towards the receptionist, who smiled at him. "Hi, I'm here for an interview to be a nurse." He said.
She gave him a wry smile, like she knew something that he didn't. He excused it for the fact that he would be a male nurse. That always made people laugh, though he never found the humour in it. "Yes, we're expecting you. John Meyers, correct?" She had a soft and soothing voice, which he assumed would be perfect for making patients feel more comfortable.
He nodded, and she indicated for him to follow her. Her heels clicked against the floor as they moved across the large lobby, and she pressed the up arrow on the elevator for him while inclining her head. "You're looking for the 5th floor, they'll be able to help you there."
"Thank you." He said politely, and couldn't help but watch her ass sway as she headed back to the counter, where a few people were now waiting to be served. He would have to ask her out later if he got the chance. He was too nervous now to be very smooth with his flirting.
He tapped his foot while waiting for the 5th floor, and was happy to find another woman waiting for him right when the elevator opened. She was equally as beautiful as the receptionist, and he wondered how they found so many wonderful women to work here. She was wearing a classic nurse's outfit as well, with a white hat and scrubs with a red cross on it. It hugged tightly on her body, which he admired very much. "Mr. Meyers, is it?" She asked.
He nodded. "Please, follow me. I'll be one of the nurses interviewing you today." He smiled brilliantly and shook her hand.
"Nice to meet you. And your name is?" He asked in his most professional voice.
"Anne. Anne Lee." She seemed a little stiff and tough, and he knew he would really have to flirt his way to her good side. "Please, follow me." Her lip quirked up into a small smile, and he nodded to follow her.
She walked so fast it was hard for him to keep up, but it didn't really matter. He was still mesmerized by what was around him. The sleek walls, the beautifully framed paintings that looked like they cost a fortune, and the women. There were so many women - nurses, doctors, staff, patients. And most of them were just his type. It was weird that there were no men here other than him, though he dismissed this thought. It was probably a coincidence, anyways. And better for him, he could make his way through all of them, though he couldn't be too greedy. Women love to chatter, after all.
She stopped in a generic looking meeting room and he followed her in, trying to look as calm as possible. Another woman was sitting there, though he could barely tell them apart. They both just appeared to be beautiful women with long black hair, and had the same nursing uniform on. He wondered if there would be a mail version prepared for him. He looked good in a uniform, after all.
"Welcome, Mr. Meyers." The woman sitting down stood up as soon as they entered, and he shook her hand. It was soft and warm to the touch, and he loved the sensation of it.
"You can just call me John." He said.
"My name is Emily." She replied, before sitting back down. Anne went to go sit next to her, and they both had a clipboard in their laps.
"So, tell me about yourself." That was their first question, and the rest flew by in a blur. The two took turns asking questions, and there were so many they all blended together in his head. Was this all really necessary for a proper candidate? He knew he just came out of nursing school, but this was a little excessive. He seemed to be doing okay, though, because they smiled at him a few times, and kept nodding at him while he was talking. This must've been good news.
It was almost an hour later when they finished the last of the questions, and asked him if he had any questions for them. He shook his head, saying that they already answered them throughout the interview.
"Great. Everything seems to be in order. Do you think you can step outside for a few minutes while we discuss your credentials?" Emily asked.
He was a little bewildered. Don't they usually wait until the candidate exited the building to talk? He nodded anyway, and stood outside for a few minutes, watching the busy staff walk by him. He tried to listen in on their conversation, but the hospital was so advanced the rooms seemed to be sound proof, so the best he could do was scroll on his phone as he waited.
A few minutes later, the door opened, revealing Emily. "You can come back in." She said. His heart was pounding. Was this a good thing? Maybe they talked for a few seconds, both thinking he was terrible, and just wanted him to leave as soon as possible. What would he do then? Beg them for a job? Maybe even as a cleaning staff?
"We've discussed your credentials, and both find that you are well suited for the job." Emily started, with Anne nodding as well.
"Great!" He beamed. This was amazing, he wouldn't have to crawl back to his parents after all.
"There's just a small problem..." She continued. His heart sank immediately. This was bad. He knew he wouldn't be getting exactly what he wanted today. Maybe they just wanted him for a temporary stay?
Emily glanced at Anne, who continued. "I'm sure you've noticed during our walk that all the staff at the hospital, as well as the patients, are female."
He stared at her. Yes... he did notice, but he thought it was a coincidence. He could only nod in response. Well, why did they even interview him in the first place if they knew they could only hire a female nurse? He could feel himself get a little angry at this. It was the same everywhere else, everyone wanted a female nurse. He shouldn't have picked this profession in the first place.
"We have a way to remedy this, but we would need your full approval before we could undergo this process, of course." She continued.
He raised his eyebrows. Process? What did she mean?
"The research aspect of the institution has been studying a certain... drug for quite some time now, a drug that is able to transform people to the opposite sex. Of course, this has been developed for the purpose of patients that desire this to be done to them, but it will take a couple of decades before it's approved. In any case, there have been a few brave individuals, including the researchers themselves, that have taken the tablet, and have had no side effects, and have turned back as soon as they took another one. If you would like to work at our institution, we would require you to make this change, and be able to change back at the end of your shift every day. Would you be interested in doing something like this?"
He gaped at her, this must've been some sort of a joke. Someone paid them to pull this prank on him. He almost looked up to check if there was a camera or something, watching his reaction. "Um... I don't really know what to say." He scratched the back of his head. "I've never thought about anything like this before."
"I'm sure it's been difficult for you to find a nursing position as a male." Anne said, looking very knowledgeable.
He nodded. "Yeah, they're going to kick me out of my apartment soon if I don't get a job by the end of the month."
Emily smiled warmly. "Well, this seems like the perfect solution for you." She said, "and we pay handsomely since you're going to be one of our test subjects." She slid a paper across, and he gaped at the number. Handsomely, indeed.
"So, would I be changing completely into a female? Like my genitals, and my breasts?" He asked.
Anne and Emily nodded in synchrony. "Yes, everything will be exactly like a female's." This intrigued him. It might be sort of hot, experiencing being a female for the first time. He would be able to feel exactly how they felt when someone touched them, how they felt when they masturbated, how it felt when a guy paid attention to them. Well, he wouldn't be involving himself with a guy, but maybe he would be able to have a lesbian relationship. That might be sort of fun. He was still wondering if he would be a hot girl when he transformed when he realized the two women were staring at him.
"I... I need some time to think about it." He said.
"That's fine, since you won't be taking the pill until you meet the head nurse. Would Sunday at noon be okay?" Emily asked as she looked down at the papers attached to her clipboard.
He nodded. "Yes, I will let you know if I decide it's not for me." The two girls glanced at each other knowingly, like they knew he wouldn't say no to that offer, and bid farewell to him as he exited the hospital.
He had too much on his mind the next two days. Was he really going to go through with this? It seemed completely insane, and completely made up. He still believed in the back of his mind that someone must be messing with him. The two nurses may be laughing to each other about how gullible he was now.
He spent the next two days eating instant noodles and watching as much Netflix as he could to not think about what he was about to do. Jessica also wouldn't get the message. He blocked her on his cell phone, but she decided to message him on facebook instead, wondering if there was something wrong with his phone. He ignored her there, too. He didn't have time to worry about crazy girls right now, when he was about to undergo something from a science fiction novel, and may be making the worst decision of his life.
By Sunday, he knew he would have to go to the institution again. It was too late to cancel on them, and would seem incredibly unprofessional. He may very well go there and change his mind after meeting the head nurse, but he would go anyway just to see what they had in store for him. His heart was pounding on his entire car ride there, but felt his body relax when he finally reached the 5th floor once more.
He didn't have to do anything if he didn't want to, no one would be forcing him. This would be alright. Anne was there again, and walked him to the head nurse's office, and introduced her name as Mrs. Clark. She knocked on the door gently, and a rough sounding female's voice called them in. She stood up and shook his hand, and he stared at her for a few seconds. She seemed really familiar, like he had seen her somewhere before. Almost... too familiar. There was something he had to remember, but he couldn't for the life of him figure out what it was. She was a big girl, and wore the same uniform as the rest of the women, except with a shoulder patch that seemed to indicate she was in charge of them. She had wavy black hair that was tied up in a bun, and a small pointed nose, which seemed to always be pointed directly at him.
"Nice to meet you Mrs. Clark." He said finally, when he realized he had been shaking her hand too long while he was staring. He would figure out who she was later. They must've met at a supermarket one time or something of the sorts.
"Nice to meet you, Mr. Meyers. I've heard from my girls that you did a great job during your interview, and they're interested in hiring you. They say you know about the pill?" She had a kind expression on her face, but he still felt as if something was off, like she knew something he didn't. Maybe it was the glint in her eyes. It made him feel a little uneasy, like maybe he shouldn't go through with it.
"Yes. I do." Was all he could say.
"And you're okay with going through with it? In order to secure the job?" She asked. He had thought this would be a second interview, but it seemed to just be a confirmation at her end. He didn't know if he was ready to go through with it that soon.
"When would I be taking the pill?" He asked cautiously.
"We're interested in you trying it out for the first time today, would that be okay on your end?" She asked.
What was he going to do now? It was his last chance to say no without making a fool of himself. And with her and Anne staring at him intently, how could he possibly chicken out now and say no? Besides, there were more pros than cons. He would be able to experience being the opposite sex, and be able to make a butt load of money. "Yes. That's fine." The two women looked slightly relieved at his response, like they didn't think he was actually there to say yes.
"That's great!" Anne said, clapping her hands together in happiness. "Let me bring up the contract for you to read through."
She pulled a large stack of paper from seemingly out of nowhere behind her, and he gaped at the pure size of it. Was this really necessary?
"We will give you some time to read the documents, Mr. Meyers. Anne and I will step out of the room." The head nurse said.
Anne looked bewildered for a second, but then composed her expression. He was too busy looking down at the stack of paper to care, though.
Outside, in the hallway, Anne stared at her boss. "You've never asked me to step out during a contract signing before. Is something wrong?"
Mrs. Clark's eyes seem to glimmer mischievously. "I never thought I'd believe in coincidences like this, but this is quite extraordinary."
"What are you talking about?"
"The man sitting in there... was the person who broke my Jessica's heart." Mrs. Clark revealed.
Anne couldn't help but gasp. "The one that kept telling your daughter he was in love with her and then disappeared off the face of the earth?"
"That's the one."
"Should we tell him to leave, then? Do you want to give him a good beating?"
Mrs. Clark chuckled. "I have a better idea, I just wanted to make sure you were okay with it."
"Tell me." Anne said, her eyes now brightening to match her boss's.
------------------------------
John was glad that they gave him some alone time to read through it. The first 20 pages were about his actual job at the hospital and benefits involved, which seemed like it was all to order. Then, the next 20 pages detailed the transformation, with the associated research involved, about how no one had side effects but he was still not allowed to sue them even if he did have any negative effects. At the end, it was exactly what he expected, so he signed it with a flourish. He was mainly thinking about what would happen next, and was too worried about his new female body to care about any sort of contract. He wasn't even sure he cared about the heaps of money they were offering him, either.
"We will be conducting an examination after the transformation, just to make sure you have actually turned into a woman. This will help with the research as well. Don't worry, the head gynecologist is very experienced." The head nurse said. "A few of the nurses, including myself, will be present, as well as the researchers and a few from the gynecology team, is that okay with you?"
This was... a little overwhelming. That many people were going to be there to see him naked as a woman? He wouldn't really consider it as his own body, but it was still a little awkward. Would they be judging his womanly parts? And what if the transformation didn't work properly? And he still had one ball sack left or something weird? What if they all laughed at him? Again, he didn't feel like he could say no in this situation. He just nodded again, and they beamed once more at him. Though this time, the head nurse looked a little sinister, like she would be cackling at him at any moment.
She moved back on her fancy leather office chair, and pulled on the cabinet behind her. She took out an ominous looking packet, and placed it on the table in front of him. "Here's your first pill, would you like us to leave you alone here while you transform?"
He thought about it for a second. "Actually, is there a bathroom I can go to to take this?"
"Sure, let me show you." Anne said as she stood up, he followed her nervously, and she left him in front of a private one person bathroom. There didn't seem to be any gender divides from the bathrooms here, since everyone was female. He would be soon, as well.
He stood in front of the mirror, staring at himself. Oh god, what did he get himself into? He requested to go into the bathroom because he wanted to see himself as a man one last time. Maybe he wouldn't be able to turn back, or when he did turn back, his body wouldn't feel the same anymore. He was sweating profusely now.
His blonde locks were wet and covering his eyes, and his lips were pressed thin together, with his brown eyes staring intently at the mirror. Okay, he had to stop thinking about this and just do it. He put the pill in his mouth, and swallowed a few gulpfuls of water.
His eyes watered as he stared intently at the mirror, not wanting to miss a second of him turning into a woman. He couldn't keep looking though, because the sensation throughout his body was so bewildering he didn't know what to think. He was shaking all over, starting from his toes to his head. He had to close his eyes from the headache that was piercing through him. Damn, if this happened every time he didn't know if he could handle it. Maybe it got better the more he transformed.
Thankfully, it only lasted a few seconds, and when he opened his eyes, he was almost scared to see what would be in the mirror facing him. He almost screamed when he saw himself. It wasn't him, not at all. It was a beautiful girl with the same features as him, except she had long blonde locks that ended at his waist, big breasts that fit uncomfortably at his shirt, pursed lips that looked incredibly fuckable, and hips that extended so wide he felt like the button of his pants was going to burst from the sensation. What the fuck. It actually worked.
He looked down at his body, then up to the mirror again. Should he be thinking of himself as a 'she' now? None of this made any sense. He couldn't stop touching himself as he pinched his nipples and caressed his crotch, which no longer had a bulge and was completely smooth. Damn, was this what it was like to be a woman?
He didn't have long to study himself, though, because he heard an impatient knock outside the door. "Mr. Meyers? John? Are you okay?" Anne asked.
"Yes!" He gasped out loud. His voice was different too. It was high pitched and feminine, and made him feel like he was in someone else's body, pretending to be them. He realized at once he would have to change his outfit, as the current one was fit for a man's body, and his shirt was currently being lifted out to expose his mid-drift. He would also need to learn how to put on a bra properly. His nipples were way too exposed under his shirt right now, and it wouldn't be professional in front of the patients.
He exited the room slowly, a little scared that Anne would make fun of him for how awkward he was as a woman. Instead, she smiled fondly up at him. "Wow... I think this is the best transformation we've ever had. I can barely see the male in you anymore."
"I hope that's some sort of a compliment." He chuckled, but it sounded more like a giggle.
"It is! You're absolutely gorgeous!" She already seemed to be treating him differently.
"I think we'll need to get me a new outfit..." He said, and looked down to indicate his rising shirt.
"Ah, yes. Well the gynecologist will also help with the measurements for your new work attire, so no worries about that," she said. "Follow me."
He didn't know if people would be staring at him when he passed by, since he clearly looked like a mess right now, but the hospital was pretty empty on a Sunday afternoon, and they didn't see anyone else as they traveled to the elevator and up to the 8th floor together.
He travelled down the hallway with her, which ended in a room that was labelled as an examination room. He entered to find the head nurse with another woman. They seemed to be chatting eagerly about something, but the talk ended as soon as they saw him. The room was huge for an examination room. There were a few beds, and enough space for around 50 people to stand. It must've been used more for education and research purposes than for individual patients. He knew the institution was amazing, but he had no idea it was this grand.
"Wow, look at you!" Mrs. Clark said. "Amazing." He felt his cheeks heat up at the compliment. "Mr. Meyers, this is Dr. Peterson, the head gynecologist.
"Nice to meet you." Dr. Peterson said, nodding at him professionally.
"Sorry, I'm still a little out of it right now." He said. Ah, he still couldn't get used to his voice.
"Most of our test subjects feel like that after the first time, it's a little bit of body dysmorphia, but you'll get used to it." She said kindly. He nodded. That made a lot of sense. "Now, if you please. We'll need to do the examination, could you please strip from your clothing and lie on the examination table when you are ready? We have a blanket here for covering up so you can feel a little more comfortable."
"Okay." He said shakily. He hoped they would be giving him privacy, and they did as the three women exited out of the room. He took his shoes off, then his pants and shirt. He was left standing there with boxers and his breasts completely out in the open. His nipples hardened from the cold air, and he looked down in amazement. How were women not constantly touching themselves when they had tits like this stuck on their own body? Next, he took off his boxers, and was shocked to find he was somehow fully shaven down there. He lifted his folds, and examined his clit and vagina. Wow, he couldn't believe this was his body.
He didn't want them to walk in with him in that position, so he moved to the bed quickly after folding his clothes. He laid back on it, and pulled a blanket up, trying to hide what he could. It was hard with the size of his breasts, though, and the small amount of fabric they had provided for him. "Are you ready, Mr. Meyers?"
"Yes!" He called back to the doctor.
She entered with the two other women, and she immediately moved to position the stirrups. She lifted his legs gently and let them rest on the cold metal, and wrapped two belts around him to strap him in. Wait, was that what they did during a medical examination for women? Why did he have to be strapped in? He would've felt like an idiot for asking, especially since he had a nursing degree, so he decided not to complain.
What happened next was even weirder. She held his arms to the side of the bed as she brought them out of the blanket and strapped them down as well. Why did his arms need to be strapped down? It wasn't like he was going to escape. He wasn't a mental patient, after all. This was all getting a little creepy...
"Since you're ready, we can get the rest of the staff in." Mrs. Clark said. Wait, the rest of the staff? Didn't she say it would just be a few gynecologists and researchers?
Before he could complain, though, she opened the door on the other side of the room, and out of nowhere, a large group of women filed in. He could barely see them due to the restraints, but three seemed to be a lot of them. Forty? Fifty? More? This was not what he signed up for. Were they all going to see him naked?
It didn't really feel like his body, but it was still extremely weird to have all these people gawking at it. "Mrs. Clark? Is it really necessary to have such a huge audience?"
"Of course!" She said in a fake sing-song voice. "It's important that they get to see what the researchers have been doing all these months. And you're the most amazing transformation yet! Don't worry about it, we're all medical staff here. We've seen plenty of female parts!"
"Okay..." He said hesitantly. It was still a little weird, but maybe he would be able to deal with it.
"Now, let's begin the examination. Dr. Peterson, please." Mrs. Clark announced. There was chatter going on in the room, but it stopped as soon as Dr. Peterson stepped forward.
It seemed Dr. Peterson had no hesitation about doing a public examination, because she immediately pulled the blanket down, revealing John's breasts. They were absolutely huge, and the whole audience gasped as they saw it.
"Damn, maybe I should take a pill too if my breasts can be that large." One of the women said, making the rest chuckle.
He blushed furiously. He never thought he'd be in a situation like this. Maybe he shouldn't have agreed to do this. This was so embarrassing.
"I will now be conducting a breast examination." Dr. Peterson announced. "I'm sure the lot of you have seen this many times, especially for finding nodules in breast cancer cases. Though I'm sure this man didn't develop anything peculiar with his recent transformation." The group of women chuckled again.
The doctor had gloves on, which made him feel slightly better. She pressed into his right breast, the one closest to her, and he gasped. Damn, her hands were cold. And his breasts were so, so sensitive. Did all women feel like this? It was slightly turning him on just thinking about it. She avoided his nipples and began to press down around each breast, feeling for anything unusual underneath. The audience watched again in hushed silence, though he could hear rude comments from time to time, like people wondering if he was enjoying his breasts being touched for the first time, and whether or not his nipples were now hard from the cold or from being touched like this.
He gasped out loud when she suddenly pressed his nipples hard. "What the---" He began, but stopped when she did it once more. His nipples were so erect now the audience could see the pulsing veins underneath.
"Wow Kate, he's definitely turned on by this. What a slutty girl." One person commented out loud judgmentally.
"His nipples seem to function as normal." Dr. Peterson announced, then moved on to do the same thing with his other breast. This time, he knew what was coming, though the sensation was still insane for him when she pinched his nipple a few times. He couldn't believe a woman's nipple could be this sensitive. Were they always like this? Or was it a side effect of the drug they didn't know about? Both of them were now standing proudly, and the audience seemed to move closer to watch the examination. He could feel the heat and attention radiating from the group, and it made him extremely uncomfortable.
"Everything is in order." Dr. Peterson said, and abruptly pulled the rest of the blanket off of him, revealing his completely naked body to the group.
"Wow, he's fully shaved!" A girl announced. The rest of them murmured their agreement.
"This pill is absolutely amazing if it can make a man look that gorgeous." He wished so badly that this group of women were talking about his male body instead of the transformed one. He knew there would be no way any of them would want to sleep with him now, especially after seeing him naked and vulnerable like this. That thought alone took away the most exciting part of the job for him.
The stirrups had his legs opened completely wide, so he could feel a slight breeze against his vagina. He felt the gynecologist move around to between his legs. She took a speculum out and used her gloves to open his majora labia, which showed off his hole and clit to the audience. They gasped, and murmured again.
"It looks so real... I wonder if it works the same way." One nurse said.
"Can you see? He's wet already. Do you think it's because she was touching his nipples? Or because he likes being watched by women?" He's... wet? This was so bewildering for him that he didn't know what to think. He assumed he would try to masturbate at home on his own terms, but didn't know he would get turned on as a woman in front of an audience. It felt absolutely disgusting.
She inserted the speculum into his vagina, and stretched it out for the first time ever. She seemed to be examining the insides, making sure it was all in good shape. This part was cold and uncomfortable, and he desperately wanted to close his legs so she wouldn't have any access, and the girls would stop murmuring about him, even though he could clearly hear them.
The doctor began to poke and prod his clitoris with her gloved finger, moving it around to feel it. He gasped, and shivered. Why did that feel so damned good? It was like his dick was getting a handjob, except to a much higher degree. No wonder women wanted their clits touched all the time, especially if it felt this good.
He realized he suddenly wanted to feel what it was like to have a tongue on it, licking and sucking and grazing its teeth against him. Dammit, where were these thoughts coming from?
He knew the women could see him getting more and more wet, and the doctor wouldn't stop touching him. She rubbed in circles over and over on his clit, and he couldn't help but let out a low moan. He was trying so hard not to make any noises, but how could he not when he felt so good? He desperately wanted to cum at this point, but was trying hard to breathe over and over and not think about anything sexual. He wouldn't dare make any sexual noises in front of these women. They would laugh at him, and he would never be able to let himself forget the shame of it all.
"It seems like he's quite sensitive." The gynecologist commented. The audience couldn't help but giggle. He blushed once more. He felt so judged right now he just wanted to curl up in a blanket and hide. What man would be okay with having a group of gorgeous women laughing at him like that?
"One final thing, the pap test." She swished around a fluid container and brought a brush out, she then stuck it deep in his vagina, which was already well lubricated, and drew a circle around his cervix. He gasped and tried to move, but to no avail.
When she was finally done, she removed her gloves, and began to recite her findings. "This is our most successful subject yet. Nipples that immediately get hard, completely proper female anatomy, high sensitivity with touch, which may be a side effect of the drug itself. He also has an intact cervix, and is fully shaved with no hair on his legs or vagina - this may be another side effect. Overall, a great job from our research team."
The group of girls clapped in response. A few people that were probably from the research team bowed from the compliments. "Should we remove him from the stirrups now?" The doctor asked the head nurse.
His heart finally seemed to slow down it's rapid pace. Good, they were finally going to let him go. He'll tell them he would never work for them, and walk off after taking the pill to turn back into male. This was assault, and definitely not what he had signed up for. Especially not with an audience like this. He would try to remove this shameful experience from his memory, and try to find another nursing job.
"No, there's something else I want to test out." Mrs. Clark said.
"Of course, I'll step aside for you." Dr. Peterson replied.
Mrs. Clark stepped around towards his face, and bent down to whisper something in his ear, "I hope you know my daughter Jessica is very upset with you."
"Wha--"
Before he could finish his sentence though, Mrs. Clark looked at the audience. "I have something exciting to share. As a praise for the researchers for doing such good work, I have volunteered to take the pill myself." The audience exploded into bouts of chatter.
"Is she actually going to do it?"
"She's said she was going to before, but I never though--"
He was confused now. Jessica, that was the name of the girl he just dumped... but it couldn't be. Was this some sort of revenge mission, then? He knew he thought Mrs. Clark looked familiar, but this was too much of a coincidence. What did her turning into a man have to do with him, though?
While these thoughts were racing through his head, he realized he had missed Mrs. Clark transforming after taking the same pill he did. A man with a similar face to her was now standing between his legs. She still had a slightly feminine vibe, which made him realize how amazing his transformation was. He practically looked like another person, yet she had the same facial features as before. "And... I have a show for you, just to demonstrate how precise this drug really is. Don't worry girls, I know you've all seen it before."
"Wait, what are you doing? Stop it this instant. I'll call the cops on you!" He screamed.
"If you call anyone on us, we'll never give you the pill to turn back." Mrs. Clark whispered only to him as she winked. She pulled her scrub pants down abruptly, and her penis sprang free, hard and twitching in the air. He gasped loudly. Was she going to fuck him in front of all these people?
The audience had quieted again, and were staring intently. He could barely even hear them breathing. He felt as if hundreds of eyes were focused right at his crotch. This was beyond shameful. She climbed on top of him suddenly, and grabbed his breasts in her hands. He gasped out loud at the sensation, but barely had time to react before he felt her penis shove deeply into him in one smooth stroke.
"ARGH!" He screamed, and tried to thrash around. The bonds were too strong, though, and all he could do was endure the pain as his hymen was torn. She began to move in and out of him fast and hard, and he couldn't believe a woman like her was that good at moving her hips. She must've been at least twice his age.
The audience was cheering and howling as she continued thrusting. He couldn't open his eyes, he didn't want to look at her, or the expression on their faces as they made fun of him. Did everyone know how shameful he was? That this was all a ploy for revenge? Tears from a mixture of pain and embarrassment glistened on his eyes, and he tried his hardest to shove his face into the pillow underneath him.
The worst part was, this was beginning to feel good. He was already wet originally, and now that his hymen has been fully torn, all he could feel was her dick opening him up over and over again.
He was a woman, lying in a bed with what felt like hundreds of women watching him, judging him, while he was getting fucked by a man. And his body was enjoying it. They were right, he was a fucking slut.
"You're enjoying this, aren't you?" She cooed at him while breathing heavily.
He shook his head. "I just want you to let me go." He could barely get the words out. He was panting as well, and trying hard not to moan or make any pleasurable sounds.
"You like my big manly cock widening you up? Like what you did to my daughter?" The words came out of her like a sneer.
"Enough!" He practically whimpered.
"I'm actually getting horny watching this." He heard a nurse say to another.
"Me, too! She looked so tiny underneath a man like that. Oops, I meant he." She giggled loudly.
"You think she'll want to stay as a girl forever? And just be fucked over and over again while we watch?" The first girl asked.
"Maybe... you saw our boss's monster dick, who would say no to that?" The words faded away as Mrs. Clark leaned down towards him, pressing her body hard on his.
"I'm going to cum inside of you, deep inside." She hissed.
"Don't." Was all he could say in response.
There was nothing he could do about it, though. With a final few thrusts, he felt her shoot jet after jet of cum inside of him, over and over again. He gasped and thrashed underneath her, but again, there was nothing he could do to stop her. It felt so weird, feeling his insides warm and gooey like that. He had never felt a sensation even remotely similar to this. Could he possibly get pregnant at this point? He had all the normal female anatomy, and he wondered if they would even bother giving him a pill to change back. Maybe he would be tied here for the rest of his life. Would his family even realize he was missing?
At last, she pulled her penis out of him, and the audience began clapping at the sight of the glistening head, now covered with a mixture of their juices. He was still too worried to open his eyes, so he laid there as he heard the audience slowly file out, though all were still discussing how much of a slut he was, and what an amazing show it was for a normal work day. This was the worst thing that had ever happened to him, and he didn't know how he could ever muster the will to get past this.
"You can untie him now." Mrs. Clark said to a somewhat bewildered gynecologist. She did so while Mrs. Clark took the pill again, turning back to a woman once more while she adjusted her uniform.
She didn't even bother looking at him before she headed out of the room as well, followed closely by the gynecologist.
John felt like he was laying there for hours, with his sore legs and arms finally loose. He didn't feel like moving at this point, and could feel the cum and blood slowly trickling out of his crotch. Maybe they would kick him out at some point. It seemed like he definitely wouldn't be working here after all.
"Ehem." A voice was clearing her throat. He finally opened his eyes to see Anne standing there. He had no idea she was watching him. "I'm waiting here to walk you out, she said.
"I'll go out on my own. Please just leave me alone." He murmured.
"Would you not like to turn back to a male again?" She asked.
"I didn't know you were offering." He snarked back at her, though there was no bite in his bark.
"I have permission from Mrs. Clark to turn you back into a man, but only if you agree to never treat a woman badly again," she said.
"And you'll actually believe me if I make that promise?" He asked, and rolled over so his back was facing her. He didn't want to look at anyone right now.
"I'm sure you've faced enough punishment today to never treat a woman the way you treated Jessica again."
"I guess everyone knows about how terrible I am," he said sadly.
"Yes, you've been quite the talk of the institute lately," she agreed.
"Okay. I promise. Just go away." He didn't even know if he would ever want to be with a woman again. Could he even get it up after what had happened to him? After his experience being attacked as a woman? In being treated like this as some sort of comeuppance?
She seemed to feel somewhat bad for him, as she left a single pill on the counter, and exited the room without another word.