Hello again, everybody. I hope you enjoy this little stroll down memory lane as much as I did. As always, comments and votes are much appreciated. Till next time...
*****
I stand in front of the hotel's giant picture window, looking out over the city at night. I place a palm against the cool glass, wondering where you are. All I know is that you're out there, somewhere, with a view of this room. I take a sip of my wine, thinking about what I'm about to do.
When you'd told me, a while ago, that you wanted to watch me fuck another guy, I was...intrigued. A bit hesitant, at first; but as you described to me while we were having sex how you'd want it to go down, I couldn't help but notice how enthusiastic you were. Listening to you describe how you'd feel watching another cock pounding my pussy, another mouth sucking my tits, seeing me swallow a stranger's cum, led me to one of the most intense orgasms of my life. Lying in your arms afterward, I agreed to give it a shot.
Your stipulations made sense. You wanted to see it, but not let the other guy know he was being observed. That meant not having you in the room. Easily enough arranged: in the business district downtown there are plenty of hotels clustered close together. You'd book two rooms, and tell me to go to one while you set up secretly in the other. With your lights out and mine on, you'd have a perfect view. I pointed out that so would anyone else who happened to look in our direction; but you only stroked my leg with a sly smile. A shiver of anticipation made me break out in goosebumps.
You left finding a man for the hookup up to me. I considered various online personals options, but finally decided that just picking up an anonymous stranger in the hotel bar would be quickest and easiest. And it was. I hadn't been sitting at that bar more than twenty minutes before I found the one I was looking for. A sexy smile and some flirtatious banter soon had him eating out of my hand; and when I casually suggested he join me in my room, he was more than eager to agree. I slipped him my spare key and told him to give me ten minutes to get ready.
I came upstairs and quickly stripped down to my panties, stockings, and heels. I poured myself a glass of wine and sent a quick text:Enjoy the show.Then I turned off my phone. And I waited.
I hear the soft whir of the door opening. I don't look back. My pulse quickens as I keep my focus on the window in front of me. All the lights are on in the room, and I can see his reflection as he enters. I take a drink and, in as casual a voice as I can muster, say, "Would you like some wine?"
I watch his reflection as he stares at my half naked figure, then glances about, finds the wine in the ice bucket, and pours himself a glass. He steps toward me slowly, coming up behind me. I feel his closeness and my nipples tighten, my pussy gets warm. I smile out at the city—at you—and turn around to face him. His eyes widen appreciatively when he sees my firm breasts and stiff nipples. I smile and clink my glass against his, then drink the rest of my wine. He follows suit, and I take his glass and set it down next to mine on a nearby table. Then I step forward and, reaching up to caress his cheek, bring his face down to give him a gentle kiss. His lips respond enthusiastically, and he reaches around to pull me closer to him. I've positioned myself so my back is to the large window, so you can watch his arms slide around my waist and one hand move down to squeeze my ass. I press my chest into him when he does this and slide my arms around his neck, pulling him down and opening my mouth to allow his tongue access to mine.
He's a good kisser. A bit more aggressive than you, which I don't mind. You know how to kiss me the way I really like; obviously he doesn't, but his enthusiasm excites me. I think about you watching and my pussy dampens some more.
My tits are aching for some attention now, so I pull away from our kiss and step back slightly. At the same time I change my position so we present a side view to the window. After all, I want you to see as much as you can. I reach for him and pull him close to me, tilting my head back and arching my spine a little. He takes the message and starts kissing down my neck, bringing a hand up to lightly caress one stiff nipple. His touch sends shivers down my spine, and I reach one arm around his neck and slide one leg—the one closest to the window—up his. He reaches down with his other hand to caress my ass and thigh as his kisses make their way down my chest to my tits. When he circles one nipple with his tongue, I gasp and clench the back of his neck tighter. I glance toward the picture window and hope you can see the lust in my eyes as this stranger licks and sucks my tits. I grind my crotch against his and can feel his hard erection straining against his pants.
If you were here with me instead of this anonymous man, I know what I'd want to do next. After enjoying his mouth on my breasts for a few minutes longer, I pull his head away and straighten up. With a sexy smile, I step away, turning once again so my back is to the window. I reach for his pants and undo his belt, then unbutton his jeans and pull down the zipper. Hooking my fingers into his pants and underwear, I push down, revealing his cock. I look down at it and give a murmur of appreciation at its hard length. His breathing has quickened and he looks at me with naked lust in his eyes. I'm sure he can read the answering lust in my expression. I step in to kiss him hard again, taking his manhood in my hand and stroking it as we make out.
After a few moments I break the kiss and lower down to my knees, bringing his cock to eye level. It's a pretty good size, though not as nice as yours. My mouth waters, partly because of what I'm about to do and partly because I know you're secretly watching. I imagine you in your darkened hotel room, sitting in a char with a pair of binoculars in one hand and your erect cock in the other. Of course, all you'll be able to see from this angle will be the back of my head as it bobs up and down on this strange dick; but I think you'll still enjoy it.
I lift his cock up to examine his balls. They're clean shaven, like yours. I shiver with anticipation as I lean in and inhale the scent of his arousal; then I slowly lick his balls. He sucks in a sharp breath when I do, and I look up to see him staring at me with glazed eyes. I smile at him and lick along the length of his cock before taking the head in my mouth. I give a hard suck and he puts a hand on my head to steady himself. I let his cock fall out of my mouth and wink at him seductively. Then, holding his cock by the base, I start fucking him with my mouth. I take his cock deep into my mouth, then pull away slowly, sucking hard as I do. I focus for a while on the sensations of his cock—the flavor and texture, similar to yours but different enough to be interesting. I'm sure you'll want to know as many details as I can remember. As I bob my head up and down on his manhood, I picture you again in your darkened watch area, stroking your own cock in time to the movement of my head.
We've not exchanged a word, my stranger and I, since I invited him to have some wine. But his moans of pleasure tell me he's enjoying what I'm doing; and mine send a similar message. His cock is hard and throbbing in my mouth, and I can taste his precum. I start sliding my hand along his shaft in front of my lips, spreading my saliva along his length, twisting my grip in a move that always drives you wild. Apparently, he enjoys it, too: he lets out a loud groan and fists a hand in my hair. I slide my other hand into my panties and rub my clit.
He starts breathing faster; I think he's getting close to cumming. I'm a bit disappointed at how quickly this happened: I know you wanted to watch him fuck me, and I hate to let you down; but I really am enjoying giving him a blow job. Surprised at my own reluctance, I pull away from his cock and stand up. Still holding his throbbing erection in one hand, I pull him down for another fiery kiss, pushing my saliva into his mouth. I pull away and squeeze his cock hard, saying "Take it easy, lover. I don't want you to finish just yet." He looks at me, dazed, as I walk around behind him and sit on the edge of the bed, facing the window. "Come over here," I say, crooking my finger seductively. He stands for a moment, and I give him a somewhat petulant look. Sucking my finger, I say as innocently as I can, "Don't you want to eat my pussy?"
That shocks him back to the moment. He gives a wide smile and steps closer. I hold up a hand to stop him. "Take off your clothes." This he does with an almost amusing alacrity. In moments he stands before me, nude, his erect cock twitching. I lean back on my elbows and lift my legs, spreading them wide in invitation. He steps closer and falls to his knees between my upraised legs. He gently caresses my inner thighs, and I sigh in anticipation.
He leans in and kisses the inside of my thigh, right next to my pussy. He licks along the edge of my panties, his tongue approaching but never quite contacting my lips. He repeats the motion on the other side, and I laugh softly. "Stop teasing me," I admonish gently. He grasps my panties and I bring my legs together so he can slide them off and drop them to the floor. I spread my legs again, and he leans in close.
At the first touch of his tongue on my pussy, I let out a deep sigh and throw my head back. He licks up and down my lips, and his hands massage my ass cheeks. I grab the bed sheet in my fists when his tongue makes first contact with my clit, and look up sharply. I watch his head between my legs, then look up and beyond him to the window, where I know you're watching. I thrust my pelvis into his face and lick my lips at you, imagining you stroking your cock as you watch this stranger go down on me.
We groan in unison as his tongue penetrates into my pussy. I reach one hand down to grab the back of his head, and with the other I pull my breast up so I can lick my own nipple. Holding his head in place, I grind my pussy against his face. He scratches his fingers lightly against my ass. As I enjoy his oral ministrations—he's quite talented—he sucks my clit into his mouth and slides two fingers into my pussy. Sliding his hand in and out, fucking me with his fingers, he laps at my throbbing clit, bringing me closer and closer to orgasm. Thinking again of how you'll want to know details, I focus on his fingers curling, probing, and sliding in and out of my dripping cunt.
All too soon, I cum. Curling in on myself, I squeeze my thighs around his head and tighten my grip in his hair. As the wave of my orgasm crashes over me, I cry out loudly. After a few seconds, I unclench, letting him up for air. I look to the window again, to where you must be watching. Did you enjoy watching this strange man making me cum? I almost wish we'd arranged for you to have audio so you could have heard it.
I look down to where he kneels between my legs, looking up at me with the same lust-filled gaze I'm giving him. "That was amazing," I breathe. "Are you ready to fuck me now?" In response, he stands up, hand on his still hard cock. He steps toward the bed, but I stop him with a gesture. Sitting up, still facing the window, I reach for the box of condoms I'd placed on the bedside table. I pull one out and hand it to him, then position myself on my hands and knees. With a nod of my head, I indicate that I want him behind me.
He unrolls the condom and gets into position. I feel his cock pushing at my entrance. I look up into the reflection in the window and lick my lips seductively. Thinking I meant the gesture for him, he pushes himself slowly into me, stretching my pussy with his cock. When he bottoms out, his groin pressing against my ass, he grabs my hips and starts fucking me. Slowly at first, but then faster and harder, he drives his cock deep into my pussy, making me mewl with each thrust. I grip the sheets and push my ass back, never taking my gaze away from the window. Knowing you're watching, that this is what you wanted to see, makes me so horny for this stranger's cock pounding into me. I whisper encouragement to him as he slams into me again and again.
I see his face tighten in the reflection. I still don't want him to cum yet, so I reach back and press one hand against his abs, steadying him. I pull away and roll onto my back, with my head hanging over the side of the bed. Spreading my legs wide, I invite him to continue fucking me. He climbs on top of me, shoving his cock back into my pussy. With his hands on either side of my shoulders and my legs up in the air, he pounds down into my cunt harder than he had before. With my head hanging over the side of the bed, staring out the window to where you watch in the distant darkness, I play with my nipples as he fucks me.
After a few minutes, the blood rushing to my head makes me a bit dizzy, so I sit up slightly. I wrap my arms around my stranger's neck and pull him in for another passionate kiss, tasting my pussy on his tongue. I push him away yet again, then quickly roll off the bed and stand before him. "Sit on the edge," I tell him. Watching me through half-lidded eyes, he does so, his cock standing proud and straight. I turn away from him and sit down, guiding his cock back into my pussy so I can ride him reverse cowgirl style. He leans back a bit, supporting himself on his hands, as I bounce up and down on his cock. I squeeze my tits as I do, licking my lips at my reflection. I start rubbing my clit as I fuck him, and in moments I bring myself to another orgasm. I cry out again and fall back against him, legs shaking, heart racing, breathing deeply.
He's breathing deeply, too. I know he wants to cum. I'm pretty happy with the show I've given you so far, and I know you want to see him finish. I reach down to steady his cock and stand up. We both groan as his cock slides out of my pussy. I turn around pull him to his feet, maneuvering so we are in profile to the window. I fall to my knees and pull the condom off his cock before taking him into my mouth. Moaning around his cock, I start bobbing my head again, stroking him with one hand and playing with his balls with the other. He stares at me as I blow him. I taste his precum again. His breathing gets faster, deeper. When I sense he's at the point of no return, I sit back on my heels and open my mouth wide. He grabs his cock and starts stroking furiously, aiming for my open mouth. With a loud grunt he cums, and his spunk shoots into my mouth. I let him see it coat my tongue, then close my eyes and savor its creamy texture. I try to remember details I can recount to you later. After a moment, I swallow with a satisfied groan.
I open my eyes and look up at him. He's breathing hard, hand still on his cock, which is starting to soften in his grip. He looks down at me, then around the hotel room, seeming to notice for the first time that the lights are on. "Wow—" he starts to say.
I stand up and put a finger against his lips, stopping him. I move my finger and give him a lingering, passionate kiss, letting him taste the traces of cum left in my mouth. I step away and gesture to his clothes where they lie in a heap on the floor. Dazedly, he picks them up and quickly redresses. When he's presentable, I walk him to the door. I give him another quick kiss, then open the door and push him out of the room.
I turn and walk back to the window, stopping to pick up my phone on the way. Clad only in my stockings and heels, freshly fucked pussy dripping liquids down my inner thighs, I stand before the window and dial your number. "Did you enjoy the show?"
"God, yes."
"Good. Why don't you come over here and tell me what you liked most?"
"See you soon."
After you hang up, I reach for the curtain handle to pull it across the window. I stop myself just as quickly. Tilting my head, I consider the dark city in front of me. What the hell, I figure. With a small smile and a wave to whoever else may be watching, I turn away and wait for you to come join me.