This story is again based on true events to the best I can remember them. I have been lucky to find girls throughout my life that have been as sexually adventurous as I am, probably because I have sought them out.
It was a beautiful summers night in Dublin. The lengthening day meant it was still brightish at 10pm. I had collected Michelle from work earlier that evening and we were at her house watching tv with the rest of her family. Friday night was usually our quiet night with Michelle working Saturdays.
Michelle was a natural blond with blue eyes and thin red lips. Her blond hair fell nonchalantly on to hey ample 34C breasts. She wore a white vest top, with no bra. Although not overweight she most definitely was curvy falling into the PAWG category. Covering that round phat ass was some short shorts, the bottom of her cheeks just visible. Her legs were curvy, and being a beautician waxed smooth.
"Fancy going for a drive Tom?"
"Sure thing."
Friday night drives were usually to the Phoenix Park for some fun between two consenting adults! In other words I was going to get laid. As we drove the relatively short distance to the park it was difficult to keep my attention on the road. Michelle was teasing me, rubbing my leg all the way to my crotch. For about half the journey she rubbed the hardening phallus through my shorts before pulling the left leg of my shorts up and pulling my hard circumcised cock free. Using the tips of her fingers she gently rubbed and stroked my cock.
"Do you want me baby? Do you want to fuck my tight pussy with your big cock?" I loved when Michelle spoke dirty to me.
Once in the park we drove up to the 15 Acre area and around to the entrance to the sports changing area. At 10.30 at night the place was closed up and devoid of people. We parked up at the bottom of the hill outside the sports changing rooms. Making sure our doors were locked Michelle climbed into the back of my VW Golf. She lay the back seats flat allowing us room to at least lie down with our legs bent. Michelle stripped naked allowing me the first glimpse of her tight pussy that day. A thin layer of blonde pubic hair was shaped into a landing strip stopping just above her clit. Her small clit was hidden under her hood, her lips tucked inside her pussy with the tip of her left labia just visible. In the front seats I stripped too but noticed something.
"Michelle I think another car is parked over there."
"I'm sure they will move on once they realise our car is rocking, and if not let them watch, once it's not the police."
"No I think the car is too old to be them," I answered more out of hope. I flashed the headlights trying to see if I could see anyone in the car. I thought I could see the outline of a driver but I wasn't sure.
"Fuck it," I thought to myself as I climbed into the back. Michelle lay with her head basically in the boot under the rear window, her legs in the flattened seat, spread and bent. Her pussy barely opened, allowing only a glimpse of her wet vagina. I positioned my self between her legs, my cock head at the gates of heaven. Her cunt was so tight that I literally had to insert inch by inch every thirty seconds or so. With each thrust I went deeper and deeper eventually filling her pussy with my man meat. Michelle's quiet moans let me know I was doing a good job. Her pussy was so tight it felt amazing around my pulsing cock.
"Oh my god Tom, there is someone there," shock clear in Michelle's voice. Turning and looking out the window I could see a big guy with his trousers down and the biggest cock I had ever seen in his hand. It looked at least 9 or 10 inches and had a large vein running down the centre. He had a lot of foreskin that glided back and forward over his smooth head. His balls and pubic area were hairy and definitely needed a trimming at least. I was mesmerized by his cock and his slow jerking.
"Swap positions Tom let me on top!"
"Ok babe"
Michele shouted out the window, "move to the back window."
I lay with my head on the folded seats, my legs down at the back window as Michelle got on me reverse cowgirl. Slowly she guided my cock into her gash as she leaned back giving the stranger a view of my cock entering her tight pussy, the full length of her naked body and exposed tits. Her left hand supported her weight, her right began to rub from my balls up my shaft and onto her tiny clit.
My feet firmly planted in the boot, I used them as leverage as I thrust my hips upwards pushing what I had always thought was a large cock, but reassessed as adequate after seeing the watcher's monster, deeper and deeper into her tight snatch. Michelle reached up turning on the internal light of the car giving a much better view to the wanker outside. The voyeur was wanking hard, his foreskin mesmerising as I noted that his hand couldn't even fit around his gigantic dick. I fucked Michelle harder, wanting to believe that size didn't matter as my 8 inch cock impaled her. Her right hand was exploring her body, rubbing her tits, down to her clit and onto my shaft. Her pussy was starting to contract around my cock, I could feel it pulsing. I gripped her beautiful hips I pumped her cunt for all I was worth. The quiet moaning began as my quiet lover came on my cock while looking at the monster cock outside. I could feel the cum running through my balls waiting to explode in my girlfriend's tight cunt. I exploded, load after load filling her snatch. The voyeur continued to stroke his rock hard cock. His two hands were now beating his dick and there was still room for at least another hand. Michelle's pussy milked every last drop of cum from my cock.
"Now move Tom."
I struggled out from where I was, Michelle lay in the car spread eagle. She pulled her pussy apart letting the watcher see her cream pie.
Instinctively she slid two fingers into her tight snatch, fucking herself. Cum and juices splashed everywhere.
"Do you think he would fit inside me Tom?"
"Only one way to find out," I replied. I was now stroking my own cock looking at my girlfriend finger her cunt for a stranger, imagining that stranger fucking her.
"Oh I couldn't babe, but it is big Tom, bigger than you even. I bet he would stretch my pussy babe. Hmmmm... it's so thick babe... So long... So hard... I want it Tom. I need it Tom."
Michelle was grinding into her hand cumming for the second time in quick succession. All of a sudden a large load of cum shot all over the back window. The strangers thick sticky white sperm covered our window. He pulled up his trousers, and just as suddenly as he arrived he disappeared. We heard a car start and lights flick by us. He was gone.
Michelle now over her second orgasm spotted my still hard cock. She took my cock into her mouth and sucked beautifully. Inch by inch she took it all.
"Babe, you should have fucked him. Imagine his large cock in you stretching your tight pussy. Hmmmm, babe stuck it all."
Michelle deep throated my cock, back and forward she sucked my rock hard phallus. As she blew me I was imagining that large cock penetrating her from behind. I would love to see her pleasured by such a large cock as she tried to suck me off. Her tongue massaged my cock, her teeth ran along my exposed head.
"Give me your tits," I demanded.
Michelle kneeled in front of me wanking my cock as my cum shot from my slit. Three squirts landed on her perky breasts, the remaining dribbled from my duck as she milked my cock rubbing the cum into her exposed mammaries.
It was fully dark as we struggled to dress, climbing back into the front seats for drive home. All either of us could talk about was the size of the voyeurs cock.
"Did you mean it Tom when toy said I should have fucked him?"
"At that time, horny and getting blown, definitely. I think toy should be pleasured to the max babe and if a big giant cock does that then why not? There is only one condition I have to be there."
"You would be ok with me fucking another guy."
"If I get to choose who and as long as his cock is bigger than mine and I get to watch, why not? And by watch i mean to participate too."
We both vowed to definitely return hoping to catch him again and to consider and explore this new fantasy.