Incredibly horny. I have no other way to describe how I was feeling than incredibly horny. I needed to get laid, badly.
It had been months since I'd had sex with anyone, finding myself drowning in my daily routine and everything else that popped up on a daily basis. I'd been single for over a year now, not finding any men who checked the right boxes. To be quite honest, I was so busy that I wasn't really even interested in having a relationship at this point in time.
The downside to my predicament of being single was that I wasn't getting laid. Toys help, but they only help so much, and lately they weren't scratching that itch very well.
This is how I found myself yesterday, the first Saturday that I finally had no plans. I'd phoned my girlfriends to see if anyone wanted to go out, to keep myself distracted from being single but unfortunately, no takers. As the day progressed, bored and alone with my thoughts, I found myself fantasizing and ended up so horny that I had to do something about it.
My last boyfriend had introduced me to a website called Literotica. Once in a while we'd bring the site up and read a story or two in bed together to get in the mood. It was a great site for fantasies and getting horny. I had been thinking about my toys which was doing nothing to pique my interest and that's when the website popped into my head again.
I picked up my laptop, sitting it on my lap on the sofa and entered the site into the search. I started browsing. When we searched it together previously, we didn't really browse, he always seemed to have some interesting ones bookmarked for us. Some of the stories I came across were downright disgusting, terrifying, and a major turn-off, but some were very exciting and risque. As they say, there's something for everyone.
I was about an hour into searching and skimming stories when one started to really turn me on. It was about a girl in a poolhall getting taken against her will. While I don't condone rape, I also recognize that it was a fantasy story and to be truthful, I got wet reading it.
I put my laptop to the side and went to my room, opening the box that I keep my favorite toys in, pulling out a small vibrator and my favorite, purple dildo. The dildo is about 7 inches long and very flexible and did the trick when I needed it to.
I returned to the sofa and resumed reading the story. I started to touch myself with the dildo, quickly losing interest as I was immersed in the story. I picked up the vibrator and held it to my clitoris.
The girl in the story was being held, bent over the pool table, with man after man having his way with her. I fantasized about being her, and within minutes, I had climaxed while I imagined this scenario, the images flashing through my mind.
The problem I now faced was that, while I had enjoyed myself, a vibrator or any sex toy for that matter, is never as satisfying as a real man and it had been so long since I'd been laid that my toys only offered very temporary relief. Within an hour or so, I realized that I was just as horny as I had been before my orgasm, and now I also had those risqué images getting me even more turned on. I had to have my itch scratched!
It was then that the little devil voice on my shoulder spoke to me, suggesting that I go out and find a one-night stand. I tried to dismiss the idea, never being that sort of girl, but the voice kept goading me on, taunting me. The fantasy images of that story still flashing through my head weren't helping the situation. I started to contemplate the idea of going out by myself to get laid and no matter how many times I tried to dismiss the idea, it came back stronger.
"What would be the harm in going out to get laid?" I asked myself. "After all, men do it all the time and a few of my girlfriends did it occasionally." Knowing what some of my girlfriends are like, especially when they get a drink into them, they probably did it more often than they dared to admit. I started to embrace the idea, fantasizing about a stranger having his way with me. More of the images from the Literotica story popped into my head and I started to see myself in a dark poolhall, scantily dressed, being taken by a stranger.
I found myself in my closet, digging through my outfits, looking for something naughty to wear. I picked out some knee length socks, a short-pleated skirt, and a red blouse without panties, but I did wear a bra. I dressed and looked at myself in the full-length mirror next to my closet. I didn't like the blouse, so I swapped it for a white tank-top. I looked at myself again, admitting that I definitely looked good enough to fuck but the socks had to go. I removed them again, then pulled on some tall leather boots with heels. Perfect! The tank-top accentuated my 34 C-cups, and the skirt showed off my long legs, stopping only a few inches shy of me being on full display to anyone wanting to look.
Before I knew it, I was in my car, driving around aimlessly downtown. In a brief moment of clarity I pulled over, "what are you doing?" I asked myself, suddenly surprised to find myself in this predicament. It was then that my lust took over again and I googled nearby bars and poolhalls. The closest bar was not one that interested me at all, but the next one cemented my resolution to get laid, it was a poolhall, only 5 blocks away. I'd been there once about a decade before on a date that didn't work out which is probably why it hadn't popped into my head previously.
Within minutes, I was in the poolhall parking lot, sitting in my car and trying to talk some sense into myself but by this time, I was even hornier and there was no way I wasn't at least going in for a drink. I got out of my car, straightened my skirt and top, and headed in.
It took my eyes a minute to adjust to the dim lighting, most of it being directly over the tables. The place wasn't all that bad. There were a few couples, but mostly men of all ages huddled around the tables. I went to the front desk and asked for a table. The older gentleman at the counter asked if I had a table in particular that I wanted to play at. This was something I hadn't considered yet so I asked for a rum and coke instead, to get my nerves up while I looked around.
I started to sip at my drink, wandering a bit as I scoped the place out. It was hard not to notice the long stares I was getting from some of the men. After all, I looked more like a prostitute than an average patron. I soon spotted a vacant table near a back corner and beside it was a table with 3 young men. I guessed them to be in their late teens or early twenties and they all appeared to be decent looking from a distance.
I turned back to the front desk and pointed out the table I'd selected. The man handed me a tray of pool balls and then I headed back to my chosen prowling grounds. I placed the tray of balls on the table, then finished my drink, quickly going to get another from the man at the desk before returning to my table. I made sure to walk past the table with the 3 men at it so I could get a closer look at them and I was impressed by what I saw. They'd also taken notice of me and quickly averted their eyes as I approached, except for one of them who smiled at me on my way past.
My heart began to race as I once again asked myself what I was doing there. I tried to rationalize my actions, but I failed miserably. My lust had driven me this far and it was in total control. I could feel the wetness between my pussy lips and I started to really check out the young men at the next table, especially the one who had smiled at me.
When I looked at the group, the other two immediately looked away again, embarrassed for being caught staring at a lone woman, but that one guy stared back and grinned at me. I smiled, enjoying the feeling of being desired that he was giving me.
I was now 2 drinks down, and hadn't played a single round of pool. I hadn't even racked the balls yet. The liquor was starting to get to my head already. I picked up my empty glass and started toward the front to order another when the confident one stepped in front of me, "Hey, can I buy you a drink?" he asked.
That pickup line was about as old and as corny as any ever written, yet having him say it to me made me feel even warmer inside, reminding me of why I was there. I was there to get laid. "Sure, rum and coke please". He smiled and nodded, then went to the front and ordered our drinks. At least I now knew that he was old enough to drink.
I watched him walk to the counter, admiring his young, hard butt and wide shoulders. He had short brown hair, was tall and obviously very fit. He soon returned with the drinks, handing me mine and introducing himself, "Hi, I'm Will" he held his hand out to shake mine.
I held my hand out and noticed that it immediately disappeared in his much larger and rough hand. He continued, "You waiting for someone or should I come play with you?" The double meaning of his question wasn't lost on me, whether it was intended or not.
My response surprised me, "Oh, you should definitely come play with me." Will grinned at me and my cheeks flushed more. Will stepped over to the other table where his friends had been eagerly watching Will's attempt at flirting with me. He grabbed the pool cue he'd been using and came over to me.
"So, what's a hot woman like you doing in a place like this all alone?" he asked. I was buzzed, but not drunk. What I wanted to tell him was the truth, that I was there to get laid, but I still wanted to flirt a bit and not make it too easy on him even though at this point, I knew I'd let him take me home if he wanted.
"Hot? Hardly!" I replied. "I'm looking to learn how to play pool", I lied. Back in the day I'd actually been pretty good at pool, having played in a league and earned the respect of the other players, but telling him that wouldn't be conducive to flirting.
"Well, let's start by racking up the balls." Will was talking, explaining where the balls should go and going over some of the basics. I honestly wasn't listening, busy staring at his physique as he bent over the table, and daydreaming about what I'd like him to do to me. I was getting those fantasy images from the Literotica story in my head again. I was so horny that I nearly took him by the hand and led him out to my car.
I noticed that his buddies had resumed their game but kept looking over at Will and giving him approving smirks and winks.
"Do you want to break?" Will asked, snapping me out of my daydream.
"No, you go ahead," I replied, "I want to watch you do it." I winked at him. I could tell that Will was starting to clue in to the fact that I was very interested in him.
Will took his position at the table, hit the cue ball and a loud bang followed, with the balls scattering around the table. He sunk one and then explained to me how the rules work again as he lined up for his next shot. Clack, he took his next shot, the ball barely missing it's intended pocket. "Your turn."
I stood, then finished the last of my drink. I looked over at Will, my head now spinning and my inhibitions nearly completely gone. I decided that one more drink would solidify my resolve to go further with Will. "Another before you teach me how to shoot?" I asked. Will nodded, then took off, returning shortly with another for each of us.
The placement of the cue ball was perfect, it was on the side of the table closest to the back wall where the least eyes could see. I took another big sip of my drink, then put it down and picked up my cue stick, walking to that back side of the table. "You'll have to show me how to do this." I fibbed, knowing full well that he'd have to touch me to show me how to hold it. When Will neared, I bent way over to give him a show. I assumed that at this point my butt was visible and based on the way his jaw dropped, I think he saw even more than just my butt.
Will stepped up behind me, reaching around me to take my hands in his and show me how to hold the cue. I felt his warm cock press against my backside through his jeans and I pushed back against him and let out a little moan.
He acted coy, as though nothing were happening, "You take the stick like this and swing it this way" he held my hands and moved the cue forward and back as he spoke into my ear.
I moved one of my hands out of his grip, then reached back, "I think I'd prefer to hold this stick instead." I then slid my hand between us, cupping his cock in my hand. Will pushed forward against me.
"I'd prefer that too" he panted quietly into my ear. I stood upright, sliding my hand down the front of his jeans. I was pleasantly surprised by what I found. He was hard, very hard, and very thick. Not quite as long as my favorite dildo, but so much better in every other way. I could barely wrap my little fingers around him and the heat it was emitting was almost surreal.
I leaned back against his body, looking over my shoulder at him. At this point, I was purely driven by lust, and all restraint was washed away by the rum. "Will, I want you to fuck me." I panted back at him. I felt his cock twitch in my hand and took that as a positive response. Will's hand slid down my butt and then between my legs, he gasped quietly when his fingers found my clean-shaven pussy.
What happened next was almost a blur. Will's fingers slid up and down my pussy lips, then dipped into me. With his other hand he had unbuttoned his jeans and lowered his zipper, making it easier for me to stroke his cock, pumping precum out of him which coated my fingers and palm. I bent forward over the table again and reached between my legs to guide his cock into me. I was a woman possessed.
When he slid into me, I was grateful by the amount of lubrication my body had created because his girth was nothing to take lightly. Feeling him sliding in, stretching my pussy was incredible. He slid in slowly, all in one fluid motion until I felt his pelvis pressed against my backside. Will grabbed my hips, pulling me back against his thrusts as he started to fuck me. He kept his pace very slow, I assumed to not draw attention to what we were doing. There's something to be said about a slow fucking, and I was loving the feeling of every inch of him entering me, then pulling back and doing it again.
I was only slightly concerned with being caught. Most people wouldn't be able to see what was happening even if they suspected it, yet the thought of being caught while being fucked in public was making me insane. I looked up to see that Will's buddies were now standing across from me, blocking the view of our table from the front desk. They were watching intently as their buddy slid his fat cock in and out of me, making me gasp with each stroke.
Both of Will's buddies looked like they were fucking me with their eyes. I was being driven to a whole new level of pleasure due to being on display this way. My mind once again filled with those fantasy images from the story I'd read earlier of the woman being taken by a group of men in a poolhall. Truth be told, if Will's buddies had gotten behind me after Will, I probably wouldn't have stopped them.
It was a matter of a few more seconds before I felt my climax mounting and a few more thrusts of his fat cock before I began shaking as my legs buckled from beneath me as I climaxed, my pussy clamping down on him. Will pushed forward hard one more time, crushing my thighs against the side of the table and then moaning into my ear, "Oh fuck, I'm cumming." I felt his cock throbbing and then felt the warm flood of his semen as it filled me.
He stayed there like that, pushed into me for at least a minute. I stood upright slowly and felt his cum leaking from around his cock as it began to soften, then slid from me. Will tucked himself in and I turned to face him. He was smiling, the goofy grin of a boy who'd just gotten laid on his face.
I was finally satisfied, and slightly embarrassed, feeling a sudden need to leave. "Thanks for the lesson. Maybe we can play again some day" I smiled up at him. I started to walk away, past his buddies who were grinning at me when Will called out to me.
"Wait!" I paused as he approached and handed me his business card. "Call me whenever you want another lesson." I took his card in my hand and smiled up at him, then walked away. Will's cum ran down the insides of my thighs, and the entire way though the pool hall I hoped that no one noticed but it seemed that most were intent on their own games and paid me little or no attention.
I was too drunk to drive so I called a cab to take me home. I got home, stripped and showered, then laid back in my bed, drifting away completely satisfied, finally having my itch scratched.
I did call Will again for "lessons", and maybe I'll write a follow-up to this story to fill you in later if there's interest in me doing so. 😉
For now, thank you Literotica for the inspiration to scratch my itch!