This is a fantasy loosely based on an actual event.
***
My wife Madilyn and I have been married for over 38 years. She was a very shy young lady of fifteen when we met. We married when she was twenty-one and I was twenty-four. We had two children a boy three years after we married and a girl two and a half years after our first child. She says she lost her modesty after our first child. Over the years she has become more outgoing. I have constantly pushed the envelope, as I would like to have her expose her body to other men in a safe environment.
We have had a happy marriage for the most part. There have been rough times financially and some times we needed to sit down to talk things out. My wife is a pretty woman, but she is not a Barbie doll type women. Madilyn is just the way I like her; she has light brown hair almost blonde, with a Thirty-eight, twenty-eight, thirty-six figure. When I was in my middle Thirties I had a medical problem the doctors attributed to stress. I was a construction supervisor in charge of multimillion dollar jobs. My doctor said I should find something to do I enjoyed as an outlet for my stress, as I was a workaholic.
When growing up I liked to draw, but wasn't very good at it and furthermore being an artist wasn't something a guy who is in construction would do and I have been in construction for as long as I can remember, being third generation in the trades. In the Western Massachusetts city where I live there is an Art co-op. (A place where people meet to draw), the group meets once a week. The doctor gave me the co-op number, when I told him I liked to draw. I called the following day. The lady I talked to told me the time and day the class meets. The subject she said was life drawing, which at the time I didn't know what she meant, but I was afraid to ask, because I didn't want to show my ignorance of art to this lady.
I told Madilyn what I wanted to do to relieve my stress and she was all for it ,as the doctor told both of us, if I didn't calm down I would be dead before I was forty. I purchased the materials from an art supply store called Michaels I needed for drawing. On the appointed night I showed up at the artisans building with my art supplies and some trepidation.
There were fourteen men and one woman who greeted me when I walked in. I was introduced to the group by the groups' leader. I found out later he married one of my cousins. The woman in attendance was named Sandy. He explained Sandy was our model for the night and he told her it was almost time to start. She left the room to get ready. I was expecting her to come out with an outfit on, but she came back a few minutes later in a robe. She was told by the group coordinator to go to the small raised platform and the first hour of poses were standing poses five to ten minutes each.
I was surprised to see when she removed the robe, and set it on a chair. She was nude! Sandy mounted the raised platform facing us for a full frontal in all her naked glory for the first pose, the next pose was of her back with her head turned to us and one breast showing. Her nipple was hard by this time and it was not cold in the room. For the next hour she did standing poses five to ten minutes each with a few minutes between to give her a break and for the artists to discuss her next pose. She remained nude the whole time.
Sandy was very comfortable being naked in front of all us. She was about forty-five years old, although she was not pretty when we first met. She was beautiful nude, her body was thin she was about five foot- eight with small breasts and large nipples. Her hair was black, with some strands of gray and cut short. Her pubic hair was black and trimmed, when she stood with her legs a comfortable distance apart she had a space at the juncture of them and her vaginal lips hung down between her legs when she became excited, which she was after her second pose. You could see the moisture on her vaginal lip,s if you looked closely, which I did. She had a nice tight bottom and shapely legs. When she came close you could smell her excitement.
I was having a hard time concentrating on the drawing for the first fifteen minutes, but after I studied her figure and overcame the fact she was nude. I started to draw what I saw. Watching the other men present I saw them put up their thumb. I guessed it was to measure with, so I did the same thing. When they called time the only thing I had on my drawing pad was a thumb and it was mine. I came to the realization I really needed help!
The woman I knew for a few minutes before she came out naked as the day she was born gave me the privilege of drawing her and I was embarrassed at how poor a representation of her body I had on my sketch pad. My drawings were not very good, I found out how hard it was to draw in the first hour I was there. My sketches were very bad. When the coordinator called for a fifteen minute break I closed my rudimentary sketches in my drawing pad. Sandy walked around the room to look at the sketches.
Stopping by my easel she asked, "I would like to see how you did," as she has not seen me before at the art meeting.
I apologized profusely for my lack of talent as I reluctantly showed her my poor excuse for her likeness, saying. "I have just started drawing and I cannot do you justice with my sketches."
She laughed and said, "That is why I am here modeling so everyone can practice their drawing skills, because the human form is the hardest to draw."
"In my case it is the lack of drawing skills." I added
It was very exciting to be talking with a naked lady, as she didn't put on her robe. She walked around nude and very comfortable doing so. She walked with me out to the lounge which involves going down a public hall, but it didn't faze her one bit. She walked down the hall to the break room as if she was fully clothed even through people were coming into the break rooms and through the halls. Sandy impressed me and I became more focused on finding a way to have my wife become as confident as Sandy is.
Sandy said, "I need a soda, but I haven't any where to put any change."
We all laughed. I bought her a soda from the machine. She sat with us in the lounge, not worried about her modesty and talked with us, as other people came in and out to get something at the machines. We were in a media arts center, so I guess that is why no one really said anything to her. The coordinator told us it was time to go back into the art studio.
When we entered the room Sandy was told by the coordinator. "The next hour would be longer poses twenty minutes each, they would be sitting and reclining poses."
For the first pose Sandy was sitting in a chair facing us with her knees together modestly hiding her vaginal area per the instruction given her by the coordinator. I started drawing right away. I figured I needed all the time I could get to see if I could capture Sandy's beauty in my drawing.
When time was called I looked at the drawing, it was still bad, but getting better. We had a few minutes break Sandy just sat in the chair, but when she relaxed she let her legs spread a little and a hint of her vaginal area could be seen from our chairs. Sandy didn't care she became more exposed to us; she talked with a few of the men who are regulars during the break.
The next twenty minute pose the coordinator had her pose on a reclining daybed on her back with her head facing us, one leg crossed over the other with on arm over her pubic hair. I started drawing almost immediately Sandy's nudity was becoming commonplace, but it was nice to have a naked woman to draw. My drawings were becoming better, but still I had a long way to go.
We had a break and then the coordinator asked if Sandy would like to pose the way she wanted to for the last sitting. Sandy laid back on the day bed; put a pillow at her back with her feet facing the artists. She put one foot on the floor and the other over the back of the day bed, therefore spreading herself completely for the gathered artist. As she spread her legs she looked each of the artists assembled the eye. Sandy was so excited her blood engorged vaginal lips opened with the moist inner lips dripping her excitement. She had her hand resting on her pubic mound just above her open vagina slowly rubbing her clit while everyone watched her. It was very difficult to get into the final drawing with Sandy pleasuring herself in front of us. She continued to very slowly rub her clit as we tried to draw her. After the coordinator called time was up Sandy got up still naked and walked around the room and looked at all the drawings. She knew she had our attention because all the drawings where not as good as the ones before. You couldn't tell the difference with my drawing they were all bad or so I thought.
Sandy stopped to look at my drawings she compared all of them saying. "I can see a lot of improvement between your first drawing and you last. Keep up the good work." She gave me a smiled of encouragement before she moved on.
"Thank you, for the vote of confidence." I said to her as she made me feel better, but I knew I still had a long way to go to draw as well as the other artists present.
Going over all the drawing together we all looked at the other's drawings. Sandy came over not bothering to dress and started critiquing our drawings still nude. I was the one that needed the most help.
One of the other artists Jim said, "I can help you, but you have to supply the model."
I took his number and after Sandy dressed and left we all went our separate ways, but I still couldn't get over how relaxed Sandy was being naked in front of us all and how she showed us everything she had in the name of art. I wanted my wife to be like her.
When I returned home my wife asked, "How was the drawing class?"
I corrected her, "It was an art co-op, because there is no teacher."
"Did you like it?"
"It was great," having to think of how I was going to tell her that Life drawing is drawing figures studies of people mainly nude women.
I went to two more sessions drawing different female models each time and noticing all were very comfortable naked and all were nice ladies, but plain Jane's until they removed their clothes, but that was OK with me. They always would pose at least once during the night showing all their feminine charms and sometime more poses. Furthermore they enjoyed showing us everything. They all didn't bother with their robes once they started modeling they stayed nude all night including going on break with us.
My opening came to broach the subject when Madelyn smashed up her car and didn't want me to be mad at her.
I told her, "I didn't care about the car being smashed as long as you and our son didn't get injured."
She was relieved I wasn't mad at her mainly because it wasn't her fault she was rear ended by a cement mixer driven by crazy Claude. Being in construction I knew him.
"I'll tell you what I am going to do I will give you the five hundred dollar deductible to fix the car, but I need a model for one of the artists and myself as I need a lot of practice. Jim is willing to help me but we need a model." Then I confessed what type of modeling it was.
She thought for a while and said, "I'll model, but not nude."
I called Jim told him he agreed and we set up a time that was later at night after our kids went to bed as we had small children at the time.
Jim showed up at the prescribed time and we started drawing after a twenty minute conversation to break the ice. My wife had on a one piece bathing suit. She did some short poses five and ten minutes. Jim kept complimenting her on her modeling ability as she did the short sitting poses.
We took a break and Jim explained to my wife. "Your husband would draw better if you are nude." He proceeded to explain why.
Madelyn contemplated whether she would be willing to model nude for the next poses, the longer ones.
Jim said, "We were ready to start again, so please remove your suit for us."
She hesitated for only a few seconds before she peeled her suit down and sat on a chair facing us completely nude. She had her knees tight together. She looked pretty tense and her face was red with embarrassment. It took her about twenty minutes to relax and a lot of encouragement from Jim before she enjoyed her nudity.
Jim complimented her on her poses telling her, "You would make a good model for the Co-op and you get paid to pose also."
She liked the idea of getting paid to pose and was talking with Jim about it as we were drawing her. Jim did a beautiful drawing of my wife which he gave her. I on the other hand did a very bad drawing of her. Jim looked at my drawing and gave me some pointers on how to draw and visualize the model taking parts at a time not the whole subject.
We took a break my wife started to put on her suit when Jim stopped her saying, "I have seen everything already and it would be easier to remain nude. Besides you look beautiful nude."
She took his advice and didn't bother with the suit. My wife brought out some refreshments and we sat in the family room talking for a while. She was getting comfortable being naked and was relaxing in the presence of Jim. The last pose Jim asked her if she would mind reclining on the couch with a pillow to prop her up. He had her put one leg on the couch and the other on the floor, thus totally exposing her vaginal area to us. She did this without even a moments thought she was so comfortable posing for us by this time. We finished the session and my wife didn't bother to dress she saw Jim to the door completely nude.
When he left she said she had a great time and would like to model again for us. She grabbed my hand and we walked to our bedroom. My wife lay on the bed with her legs spread and started to rub her pussy, this surprised me as my wife doesn't normally like to play with her pussy in front of me I usually have to beg her to do it.
"What are you waiting for Momma needs cock." She said as she opened her pussy with her fingers to show me how wet she was.
I was out of my clothes and on top of her in a flash. "You looked so beautiful spread out for the last pose." I told her as I pushed my cock into her all the way with one stroke she was so wet.
We were so horny it didn't take long for both of us to cum. My wife had to put her hand over her mouth to stop from screaming as she didn't what to wake our kids in the other rooms. I rolled off her and she laid there with her legs spread basking in the after orgasm glow. I slowly played with her pussy and slid down to look at her flower of life.
"I never get tired of looking at your body." as I rubbed her pussy.
"Really you love to look at me naked?"
"Yes," as I opened her pussy with my fingers to look into her feminine being as far as I could.
"Did you like the poses I did for you tonight?"
"I love to see you nude in front of guys; you did a good job modeling. I think you should model for the artisans figure study group."
"I'll think about it."
I was on top of the world she didn't say no to modeling for the Artisans.
When we had our next drawing session the model didn't show up, so I was home early.
"Would you mind if your wife modeled for the group?" Bob asked before I left
"I would be honored to have her model, but you have to call her and ask her if she wanted to model." as I gave him her phone number.
When I arrived home from work the next day my Wife told me she had a call from Bob and he wanted her to model.
"Would you mind if I did?"
"I would love to see you modeling."
Nothing more was said about her modeling. The following Thursday was the meeting for our art group. My wife had supper ready for the family, when I arrived home. She told me to go pick up our baby sitter as she was going out tonight also. When I came back with the sitter, my wife was really nervous.
"I'm coming with you tonight."
I figured she was going to see how the other woman modeled to make a decision if she wanted to do it.
On the way she asked again. "Do you want me to model for the group?"
"Yes!"
Nothing was said during the rest of the trip. We arrived there and we were told the private room was in use tonight and we had to draw in the main room it was actually the gallery a large one hundred foot by seventy-five foot room which the upper floors exited into.
I introduced my wife to the men some she knew already and I could see she became embarrassed. At the time I didn't know why she was embarrassed. My wife was holding onto me for dear life as we entered the large room. There are big windows overlooking a busy street. They set up a portable wall where the model would pose, as a shield from anyone looking into the building from outside, but she had to go from the changing area across where the big windows were to get to the posing platform.
I didn't see any model for the night and was surprised when I was informed my wife was the model for the group. Bob showed her where the dressing room was. She forgot her robe, but she had a long top she could use for a robe. I went with her to help her undress. She pulled her top over her head, folded it, she put it on a chair and turned her back to me so I could unhook her bra. She slid the bra down her arms folded it and put it under her top. She slid her slacks down her legs, folded them and put them under her top.
"If you want me to model nude you're going to have to take my panties off me as confirmation you want me nude in front of the guys out there." She was standing in front of me.
I slid her panties off her and could smell her excitement; her panties were soaked at her crotch. I couldn't help it I had to kiss her pussy for good luck and I also got a few licks in there before she stopped me.
I stood up and she started laughing.
"You pitching a tent your pants or do you love me?" she exclaimed.
"I love you." I said as I gave her a French kiss.
After our foreplay she put her top on and we came out of the room. She was holding the top closed and as she hesitantly walked you could see her pubic hair peeking out I was told. It took all her courage to walk up onto the platform and to take off her top. She was talked into her first pose.
Madelyn was scared and very stiff to begin with, but after a few minutes she got into the modeling, as she was praised for her body and the pose. The group even got her to laugh. As for me I was so proud of her for modeling that I couldn't stop smiling. She looked so beautiful up there on the platform naked. There were myself and 13 other men looking at my completely naked wife she was the center of attention. I could see by her expression she was beginning to like her exposure.
We finished the first hour and we took a break my wife put on her top, but didn't button it she was talking with the artists and looking over the drawings she even thought my drawings are getting better.
After the break the three longer poses started. Bob had her lay on her back away from us with her leg crossed and her hand on her pubic area. I looked around at all the men looking at my wife. I loved to have her exposed in this way. I looked over at her and her body language told me she had become comfortable being nude in front of the group also.
We took a break again this time Madelyn didn't bother with the top some people came down from upstairs and came in to see us.
My wife was called over to the men, "Would like to model for us sometime?"
"Do you mind if I model for them?" She asked me.
"Go right ahead as long as I go with you."
She gave them her phone number and walked around the gallery it was night time and anyone who drove by could see in the floor to ceiling windows and see my wife as she walked around nude to look at the art work on display. She really had a great time.
The next pose was sitting in a chair legs crossed hand over her pubic area relaxing in the chair. She still didn't expose her pussy and I was getting frustrated. I wanted all the men to see my wife's flower of life. A break was called and my wife just remained in the chair and relaxed her legs and pulled one leg up onto the chair with her hands she held the leg below the knee and laid her leg to the side. Thus exposing her vaginal area to all that cared to look at her and everyone did including some of the guys who were at the meeting downstairs. They came up into the gallery to see who the model was. My wife was enjoying herself and didn't feel the least bit embarrassed anymore, after an hour and a half modeling.
The last pose of the night Bob said. "I will suggest the next pose, if you don't like the pose it is OK. You can pick out a pose your comfortable with."
He had her get on the day bed with pillows propping her up one foot bent at the knee up on the day bed and the other on the floor thus totally exposing her vaginal area. She hesitated for a few minutes then spread herself open for all to see. I was very proud of her for letting all the artists see her most private area, so they can draw her womanhood.
"Put your fingers almost touching your vagina." coached Bob.
Madelyn was slowly rubbing her clit and I could see she was becoming aroused; her nipples were getting hard and her vaginal area moist. When they called the end of the pose she stayed in this pose while talking with the artists as they were picking up. It was one of the best nights so far and I found that I like to expose my wife to other men. She also confessed that she likes the attention also. To her surprise she was paid ninety dollars for posing for the group they gave her a fifty dollar tip for the last pose. My wife told Bob to call her again if they need a model.
It was dark by the time we finished for the night, so my wife didn't put on her slacks only her top and carried the rest of her clothes. She entered the car and realized she had to get dressed as I had to bring home the sitter. We arrived home and she dressed in the garage.
It was 3 months later and I had stopped going to the art group because I was too busy with work.
The phone rang my wife answered it.
"Is this Madelyn?" The voice on the other end said.
"Yes, that you Bob?" she said recognizing the voice
"Yes, would you be interested in doing erotic modeling for a few artists? The pay is three hundred dollars for three hours." said Bob.
Hearing three hundred dollars my wife said. "Yes!" without knowing what he meant by erotic modeling.
My wife will be modeling on Friday night at seven pm at someone's house.
"Can you drive me and stay there?"
"You know you can only model if I go with you. Do you know how they want you to model?"
"The same as I modeled last time I suppose." My wife said.
Friday arrived and I picked up our babysitter after work. We were off to an upper class neighborhood about a half hour from our city. We arrived at quarter to seven. It was a large house we stopped at.
I went to the door and asked, "Is Bob here?"
He came to the door and invited us in. The house was very large Bob took my wife over to an office with a restroom in it. I followed behind them.
He told her, "Remove all your clothes and I will be back to get you."
She didn't go into the rest room; she removed her clothes in the office and put on her dressing gown.
Bob came back a few minutes later. "The gown is not needed."
My wife removed it, laid it with her clothes and walked with us nude to meet with the group.
As we were walking Bob explained, "This is a little different type of group. The artists will be doing different types of drawings of you. There will be some touching. Will it be OK with you and your husband?"
I said, "Yes, but my wife has the final say."
"If I am going to be touched by the group I want more money," said my wife.
Bob asked, "How much."
My wife said, "If I am going to be touched I want double of what we agreed so you will be paying me six hundred dollars for the three hours."
Bob stopped us from following him leaving us in the hall and went down the hall.
He came back five minutes later and said, "They agreed as long as you do as they say, if you don't want to do as they ask you will only get one hundred dollars for the three hours."
Naively my wife said. "I will."
We continued down the hall into a library it was about forty feet by forty feet. There were ten men there. She was introduced to all the men. The group conversed for a while to break the ice. My wife conversed with the men as if she was fully clothed not nude.
After about twenty minutes Bob called my wife into the center of the room and had her get up onto a padded table
He told her. "Lie down on your stomach and spread your legs as wide as you can."
I positioned myself so she could see me. The look on her face told me she was scared and a little embarrassed.
"The artists are going to be touching you, as it is a new drawing technique we had learned." explained Bob.
I thought it was bullshit, but as long as my wife went along with it I was content, if she says stop we are out of here money or not.
The group one or two at a time started on her shoulders. They felt her hair, her head and face, and then moved down slowly to her sides to her arms and on to her hands. Some were moving their hands down her back to her bottom and then down the outside of her legs and came up the inside of her legs, after thoroughly massaging her feet. They spread her vaginal lips and entered her vagina with their fingers even entering her anus with their fingers. I was in heaven seeing men touching my wife in this fashion it was a dream come true for me.
For my wife it was a night mare she was humiliated to say the least I could see it in her face. It was red with embarrassment. Men she only knew by their first names were sticking their fingers in her most private places. It didn't look like she was comfortable and having a good time.
I went up to her and asked, "Do you want to stop this and go home?" Concerned this may not have been a good idea.
"No, I consented to do this I will stick it out, but I have to ask more questions before I do anything like this again." My wife said.
After they finished with her back they had her roll over and told her to spread as wide as she could. She complied and they started on her head and worked down her shoulders and arms then her breasts stomach , then down the outside of her legs up the inside and opened her pussy with their fingers to see if she was wet with excitement. She was very wet and moaning by the time the last artist finished abusing my wife's pussy.
They had her get off the table and brought out a lounge for her to lie on. The first pose they talked her into was with her legs spread and she had to open her pussy with her fingers for them. By this time she did as asked, but really wanted to get this over with get her money and leave.
"At least I'm the one opening my pussy." she thought.
The pose lasted ten for minutes. When she thought it couldn't get much worse Bob gave her a twelve ounce coke bottle.
"Put this bottle in your pussy for the next pose." He said.
The humiliated woman inserted the glass bottle dick in her pussy as I looked on amazed my wife would do this in front of all the men. The pose lasted for ten minutes.
The next pose was of her on her knees and the coke bottle in her pussy from the rear with her brown star exposed. The pose lasted for ten minutes also.
By the time they called a break Madelyn was sore and ready to have an orgasm. She was way past embarrassment and humiliation presently.
My wife got off the table.
I asked her, "Are you alright with the modeling so far?" Concerned she will not want to expose her body to anyone again.
She said, "Yes I am doing what they are paying me for."
The men all came up to her and complimented her for doing a good job so far. A woman brought some refreshments to the group. My wife was upset with Bob. She didn't mind being nude if front of the men, but she was upset the woman who brought the refreshments in saw her nude.
With the break over my wife was told that they wanted her to pleasure herself for the next twenty minutes with her hands and fingers. She was shy to begin with, but when she started to get excited she had three orgasms before the next break came.
The next pose they had her get up onto a padded table again it was fifteen minutes long she had to kneel with her back to the group legs spread and one hand opening her vagina. They also said they would be touching her from time to time during the pose. The men would come up one at a time and examine her hanging breasts, her gaping vaginal area the lips were engorged with blood she was so excited and dripping wet, as they pulled her pussy lips apart to look into her intimate being.
A break was called the men were gathered around my wife by this time she has lost all her modesty and was thoroughly enjoying her exposure. The men had their hands all over her, but still watching to make sure I was not objecting. I jointed right in inserting my fingers in my wife's pussy as I am talking with the men. I had wanted to play with her womanhood in public for a long time. They told me I was very lucky to have a woman that was willing to do these things and they were lucky to find her also.
The final pose was with her in a reclining position and a vibrator pleasuring her pussy. She saw the woman come in that served the refreshments watching her performance for the guys. She got off four times and by the time she completed the pose. She just lay there with her legs spread in a after orgasm fog she stirred when she felt someone probing her vaginal area. It was the women who served the refreshments examining her flower of life.
The woman said, "I want to see if your pussy feels the same as mine?"
The women was rubbing my wife as they were talking it was brought out that she and her husband own the house. She couldn't bring herself to model for the guys, but now that she sees how much fun my wife was having she thinks she will try it.
Her husband came over to her, "I think you should try it now to see how much fun you can have with the guys"
She hesitated for a minute or two until Madelyn said. "I am having a blast you should try it."
The woman took her clothes off and got on the table my wife vacated and spread her legs for all to see. She was a few years older than my wife but still in good shape.
Her husband said, "Open your pussy with your fingers for all the guys to see into your pussy show us some pink."
She did and I could tell that my wife was comparing her vaginal area with the other women's
On the way home my wife asked me if I liked her body better than the women that owned the house. I bet you know what that answer was. "My dear her body was nice, but yours magnificent."