This is a continuation of the Brookhaven Book Club series, the first four chapters under the title, The Brookhaven Book Club, and the next four under The Brookhaven B.C. Redux. The first four were published previously, and the next four are in the process of being published. You might enjoy this segment if you haven't read the previous ones, but it would certainly enhance your understanding and appreciation if you've read the first four.
It should be noted that this is a work of fiction and a product of my imagination. All characters are eighteen years of age or older.
Thank you for taking the time to read, and I hope you also rate the story and leave a comment. Comments help me evaluate my writing and, hopefully, improve it.
*****
The Draw Meeting
Gloria's phone rang, and she answered it, ignoring the screen since she enjoyed surprises, even as insignificant as who was calling her.
"Hello," she answered brightly.
"Hey, Gloria. It's Poppy. Just thought I'd check to see if you need help for the meeting."
"Well, at least I remembered it," she laughed. "And I have lots of things ready. I do need the name of that wine we all like so well."
"Don't worry, I'll take care of it," Poppy assured her.
"You don't have to do that."
"It's easy. I'll pick it up on the way there."
"At least let me pay you for it."
"We'll discuss it," Poppy said.
"Okay." A short pause. "You haven't been sneaking peeks at those cards, have you?"
"I probably should, but they're in an envelope hidden in the basement."
"The basement?"
"I don't trust Abe. He talks about me doing that 'posing thing' almost every day. He has all the pictures on his computer, and I suspect on his phone, too, even though I hate that. He teased me the other day -- he had the pic of me sprawled in the chair as the cover on his phone."
"I assume you threatened him with something dire, maybe mentioning Lorena Bobbitt or something like that."
Poppy laughed. "You assume correctly, and I wasn't quite that threatening. I told him if he ever wanted to see me like that again, he'd get that picture off there."
"I'm sure that worked."
"Pretty much. The picture disappeared, but then he wanted to see me sprawled in a chair in the living room."
Gloria laughed. "Typical man, I guess. And, I'm guessing you did lt."
"It was fun. But, since you brought it up, did you share yours with Bern?"
"Oh, sure. He loved the pictures."
"That, well, ... just seems strange."
"I know it does, but it's the relationship we have. He tells me to do whatever I want that makes me happy and keeps me happy. Having me happy keeps him happy too." She chuckled.
"I think I'll let that subject drop," Poppy said.
"I've decided just to have the snacks catered, something a little special, I think."
"Wow, a fancy meeting. You'll spoil us, Gloria."
"I'm anxious to draw a card and see what I'm going to do ... naked. And, knowing you, I expect you are too."
"Yep, and Abe hopes he can be involved this time too."
"If that happens to Bern, he'll ask me to find a substitute for him."
"Can you do that?" Poppy teased.
"What do you think," was Gloria's succinct answer.
"I think I'll pick up the wine and see you tomorrow. Two o'clock, right."
"Thanks, and see you at two."
Gloria wondered what Andre might be up to these days.
*****
The trays of catered treats arrived at 1:00, and Gloria was ready, except for the wine.
Surprised, she heard a knock on the side door a little after 1:30. It was Cecily, peeking in the window and smiling.
"The early bird," Gloria said as she opened the door.
Cecily came in, her eyes wide and looking around.
"I hope you'll forgive me," she said, "but I suspected you had a beautiful home, and I was curious. Is that awful?"
"Not at all. I love this place and am thankful that Bern lets me spend and decorate any way I want."
Gloria took a few minutes to give Cecily a quick tour of the house. They had just returned to the family room when Poppy came through the side door holding two bottles of wine.
"Is it?" Cecily asked.
"Of course. Cec, come help me carry it in."
Two trips with each carrying three bottles, and they had a total of fourteen bottles of the special wine.
"Poppy, what the h-e double hockey sticks. Two bottles each plus two spares?" Cecily was looking from Poppy to the wine and back.
"It was on sale."
"I don't believe you," Gloria said with a chuckle, "but we should have enough for the follow-up meeting.
"I see the 'new you' is still on display," Gloria said.
The 'former' Cecily had dressed in loose-fitting clothing that usually hid the figure, now much more on display due to the form-fitting things she wore.
Cec took a deep breath. "Sort of, at least in the way I dress. But thinking about doing something like the amateur night makes me start to shake, and I have trouble breathing."
"But you were so good at it. I saw the video and was envious. You were hot-hot-hot."
Cec shrugged, even redder now. "Mitch and I watch the video, and I wonder who that woman is. Then he asks me to do it for him."
"And you do, and it's easy, and it ends differently than the one at the club, right."
Cecily was bright red by this time and murmured, "Yeah."
"You ready to draw again?" Poppy probed.
"Terrified but anxious, if that makes sense. Mitch suggested I do the strip for some of our friends, and just the thought nearly gave me a heart attack. He was just kidding ... I think ... but I still nearly passed out."
"We'll probably all be a little like that," Gloria confirmed. "It's interesting that all of the first six challenges were basically one of us doing something, going somewhere, and being naked. Nothing that involved others, except by accident, Lis excluded."
"Alina had to go to the bar and bet with the guys."
"Forgot about that," Poppy admitted. "And speak of the devil, here's Alina."
"Ladies," Alina said, "and I see the bar is ready. That's a lot of wine."
"Shit, Alana, have you lost more weight?"
"Just three pounds. Harve says he likes his women a little squishy. I asked him how many women he was talking about. He said that after watching how badly those three guys wanted to see me naked, I was plenty enough woman for him. He's dying to see what I draw this time and hopes he can be there to be a part of whatever it is."
Lisbet knocked, then came in. "Time for the drawing yet?"
"You're anxious? Trying to find another Mark?"
Lis laughed. "I've got the best Mark there is, and he's anxious to do another challenge with me. He, well, enjoyed the last one. Plus, he's suggested we have a meeting with mates and significant others to share the pictures and videos."
"I think we'd have to take a vote to see that happen," Gloria said. "And Lis, your pictures showed a little of what was happening, but not how much he was enjoying it, although, in that last photo, he sure had a big smile."
"Wait a minute," Alina said. "Didn't you meet someone who wanted to join you in a naked jog?"
"Karla," Lis said, smiling. "We've done that twice, and it was fun. Mark has met her and has volunteered to join us so he can watch Karla's hooters bouncing around. She has to run a little slower when she's naked."
A round of laughter followed.
"What's so funny?" Annette asked as she came in the door.
"Bouncing boobies," Lis answered.
"I didn't miss the drawing, did I?"
"No, nor the wine. Let's get started."
Two bottles were uncorked, and glasses were filled. They began with sips, but as they talked and shared remembered adventures, the wine disappeared much more rapidly, accompanied by more giggles and groans. Each of the six realized there was a bond between them, each having seen the others naked, or partially so, including their most private parts.
"Before we go any further, let me make a suggestion," Poppy said.
"Does it involve getting naked?"
Poppy snorted. "No, we'll get to that later. I'd like for us to draw a card from the envelope, fold it, and tuck it away in a pocket or purse. When you get home, you can read it, and ... "
They all nodded in agreement.
"So, Cec, are you doing the striping regularly?"
"You guys just like to see me blush," answered Cecily, blushing heavily.
"Didn't you get six-hundred dollars stuffed into whatever you were still wearing?" Lis asked.
"G-string and garter, and yeah." Cec had gained a little courage.
"If you did that every couple of weeks, it would provide some good spending money."
"Well, we donated the money to a group that provides toys to the Children's Hospital. They were very thankful."
"I bet. That's a lot of money.
Cecily was still very pink. "Maybe we could do the club together, kind of a lesbian thing," she said to Lis. She'd said it but couldn't believe she had.
Lis laughed. "Sounds good, but guys like tits, like yours, Cec." Gesturing to her chest, she said, "I missed the line where tits were passed out. But I bet Karla would do it. She's at least a D+."
Cecily was bright red again from Lis's first comment, and her mind was working to deal with the idea of a lesbian strip show with a stranger and her enormous breasts.
Lis and the other four were enjoying Cec's discomfort, a bit amazed that the woman doing the very sensual striptease in front of a hall full of strangers was blushing and much embarrassed by talk about it -- plus a tiny bit more.
All were on their second glass of wine, two more bottles having been opened. They were thinking about drawing the cards, waiting for Poppy to get the envelope. The more they talked and laughed, the more they realized she was teasing them.
"After seeing and hearing about the first six challenges, are you all curious about the next six, wondering what they might be?"
"Poppy, that's a silly question."
"Sure, but are any of you nervous about what you might have to do?"
"Poppy, if I had to do the same thing over again, I'd be nervous because you never know what's going to happen, right, Lis?" Alina chuckled.
"I knew what was going to happen; it was Mark that was surprised."
"Which brings up something else. Did anyone create a challenge that requires, well, sexual activities?"
All eyes went to Lis.
"She said, 'requires.' Mine was totally voluntary."
"It sounds like a lot of them leave that possibility -- it's up to whoever to decide," Gloria said.
Both Cecily and Alina agreed that at least one of theirs left that possibility.
"Possibilityis different fromprobability," Annette said, "but knowing us ..." Her words trailed off.
Lis was the only unmarried one of the six giving her a little more freedom along those lines. Gloria was the trophy wife, and Bern gave her total freedom about everything. Cecily had Mitch's help with her challenge, so he was at least partially on board. The other three admitted to nervously sharing their photos with the hubby and received happy acceptance.
But this was now, and Poppy went to her car and returned with the yellow envelope.
"This has been kept in a hermetically sealed mayonnaise jar on Funk and Wagnalls back porch," she said.
"I've heard that before," Gloria said. "Where'd it come from?"
"Old Johnny Carson, Carnac the Magnificent," Poppy laughed. "Mom and Dad talked about it and watched old tapes of the show."
"Whatever," Annette said. "Let's draw."
"Does the order of drawing matter?"
"Not really, but it seems like it does."
"Let's just reverse what we did the first time. So, that would be in reverse order of first names."
Poppy's eyes widened. "So, I'm first?"
She opened the flap of the envelope, fumbled, then brought out a card, folding it and stuffing it in the pocket of her shorts, followed by a deep breath.
"Lis."
Lisbet drew, folded, and stuffed.
Gloria drew, followed by Cecily, then Annette, and, last of all, Alina.
The cards were drawn, their challenges determined; at least the bare bones as they all knew the pithy philosophy of the day -- shit happens, and most of them had experienced a little of the unexpected in their first challenges. Annette had the party on the mezzanine, Cecily, the man purchasing her G-string, Gloria, the guy grabbing her dropped blouse, Poppy getting the portrait for the bedroom, Alina having the baseball game be nine innings rather than the three or four she'd expected, and Lis, the under-the-counter experience with Mark. Something would probably happen for all of them this time as well.
They all looked at each other for a few seconds, anticipating what lay in store for their challenges and for their sharing of the results. A couple wondered if the men should be included, just to make it even more exciting.
"Lis, did you say that your friend, Karla, was interested in joining the club?"
"That's what she said."
"You think it was just because she saw you running naked, or is she really interested in belonging to abook club?"
"Well, I've been with her a couple of times and --"
"--Lis, your cheeks are turning pink." Poppy interrupted.
"Well," Lis countered, "I think she reads books, and there are several other things she does very well, too."
"Tell her, if she wants to join, to write out a couple of challenges, and we'll add them to the envelope, and she can participate next time."
"I'm sure she'd love to do that, and I hope I don't draw one of her challenges." Lis laughed, still blushing just a bit.
"So, Mark has met Kara.?"
"Oh, yeah. She's been to my place several times, and Mark has been there a couple of those times."
"Competition?" Poppy giggled, now into her third glass of wine.
"No, don't think so. Mark and I are good, but he is a male, and her D+'s are a big contrast to my A-'s, and I think he enjoys that. I'm not sure she owns a bra, either, except the sports bras she uses for running."
"You sell yourself short," Gloria said. "Those are at least a B-."
Another round of laughter.
"Seriously, do you think she'd like to join us ... if we have a round three?" Poppy was looking from face to face as she mentioned "round three."
"She wants you to think she's very 'worldly,' but I watched her as we ran around the park naked, and she was nervous. We were spotted a couple of times, and that excited her, but she's been nervous each time we've done it. She'd fit in well here."
"Give her my address, tell her to mail me a couple of cards with challenges on them, and she's welcome to come to the next meeting." Poppy seemed anxious to get a new member.
"I'm trying to remember something," Annette said. "How many of us had challenges where we didn't expect to be totally naked, but ended up being that way?"
"I guess I was naked in the changing room, and at least one guy saw me that way," Gloria said. Most of the time, I had something on."
"The stupid rain delay at the baseball game got me bare," Alina said. "I was planning to get down to panties only."
"Lis, you and I were naked because of the challenge, and Annette, you ended up bare with that couple who 'rescued' you from the big party."
Lis turned to Cecily. "And you were naked when that guy bought your little G-string thingy. That was unexpected, wasn't it?"
Cecily nodded, not looking at Lis.
"You ever wonder what that guy does with those?"
Cecily's face lit up like a traffic signal.
"Cecily, you do wonder, don't you?" Lis tormented. "Share with us."
"I can't," Cec said, her chest moving in and out with her deep breathing.
Now the others joined in, insisting she share her thoughts.
"You guys can't tell anyone, not even your mates."
With big smiles, they all agreed.
"Well, every once in a while, Mitch eggs me on until I do a strip-dance for him, and he yells out like they did at the club. It makes me remember, and it's only Mitch there, and I get ..." She looked around. "You can imagine."
Five nods.
"This next part is going to be sooo hard. We get, um, together and --"
"-- he's screwing your brains out," Lis interrupted.
"Yeah," Cecily agreed, turning bright red again. "And he whispers in my ear, stuff like, 'that guy's sniffing that thong of yours, right now, and it was right where I am now -- he may even be tasting it with his tongue, that little thong of yours that was covering your ... your ... pussy," she finally said, looking at the five faces. "I'm not sure which of us gets turned on more." She giggled. "Now, that's all. You guys have to leave me alone for the rest of the afternoon.
"I don't know," Poppy said with a chuckle. "After hearing that, I may have to go into the next room and take care of myself."
Instead, they decided another glass of wine might be in order. And, well into the third glass, the conversation got more ribald and filled with laughter, Gloria bearing the brunt of the teasing now as she shared a few details of a three-way she'd shared with Andre and Sandra.
Poppy's idea of doing the challenges had certainly changed things with the book club, both in what the members had done and were willing to do and in what they were learning about each other.
Challenge #1 - Annette
If a piece of paper could burn a hole in the pocket of a pair of shorts, the five by eight card that Annette had folded and casually stuffed in that pocket was capable of doing it. As the group teased first Cecily and then Gloria, it was all she could do to keep from excusing herself and going to the bathroom to read what was in store for her.
Her first challenge had been, well, a challenge, but not quite as exciting as some of the others had experienced, particularly Lisbet. She had ended up naked, with Judy's encouragement, and she did have the photo of the three of them, Judy's husband, Tom, having joined them in their nudity, with all three naked and Tom's very nice erection pointed directly at the camera. And, when they'd gone upstairs to the mezzanine and found ten men eager to observe and have their photos taken with the two ladies ... and to pat and bump her bare butt, it had been kind of exciting.
She'd been very jittery when the ten men had gathered around her, and it wasn't till later that she recalled the many butt-touches she'd experienced. Claus enjoyed patting her butt, but it had been quite a while since she'd felt that from someone other than him. It made her smile each time something brought it to mind. She knew her hips were a little broad, and Claus liked to call her a "fine assed woman." Maybe he wasn't the only one who felt that way.
When she'd picked up the envelope addressed to "THAT LADY" later at the hotel's front desk, there were nine email addresses there. She'd guess that the one slightly outspoken wife had quaffed her husband's desire to get a copy of the photos. She'd set up a Gmail account and mailed copies to the nine with the two ladies' faces blurred beyond recognition. Doing that was nearly as exciting as having the picture taken.
Still, it was mild compared to Lisbet's having sex with Mark while he took care of customers at the convenience store. Her heart pounded each time she thought of that. Annette was only thirty-three, just four years older than Lis. But, they were much further apart in other areas, Lis's subtle hints about her and Karla bringing back a couple of college memories.
The three glasses of wine were working to soothe her anxiety a bit, but she was still anxious. As they all laughed and joked and got a touch raunchy, Annette was trying to decide whether to read the card when she got in her car to drive home or to wait until she could relax at home and enjoy the anticipation of fulfilling whatever was on the card. Maybe she'd share it with Claus. She decided quickly against that as she selfishly wanted that pleasure all for herself.
She watched Cecily laughing and joking, a very different Cecily since the Daughters of Jezebel Club. And seeing her, it was difficult not to remember what she had shared with them about her thong. Annette tried quickly to imagine that happening to her -- the stripping, the purchase of the thong ..., and then Claus saying to her what Mitch had said to Cecily. She decided she needed to stop thinking thoughts like that as she knew already that she'd need to take care of herself when she got home and then attack Claus when they went to bed.
"Being the proper parent here," Gloria said, chuckling, "I think we need to cork the wine, so we all don't end up with DUIs. Plus, if you're at all like me, you're anxious to read what's on that little white card, what evil one of us has thrust into your life."
"But remember," Poppy added. "None of us drew our own card the first time, so it could surely happen this time."
"That makes me shiver," Lis giggled.
"Let's head out to read and enjoy."
Annette had actually finished her third glass a while ago and was feeling pretty good. Her drive home was mostly back streets, so she wasn't too worried in any case. As she drove, it seemed she could feel the heat from the card against her hip. She found herself nibbling her lower lip repeatedly. It seemed she was more excited about this challenge than the first one, despite its newness the first time.
She pressed the garage door opener, drove into the garage, and shut off the engine. Quickly out of the car and inside, she went to her bedroom. She'd decided to do this properly. No one would be home for at least another hour, plenty of time.
She carefully stripped, laying her clothing nearly on a small chair, before moving to the full-length mirror. She saw her reflection, knowing that others would soon be seeing the same thing, she was sure. And those others wouldn't be Claus. She retrieved her shorts and pulled the folded card from the pocket. She lay back on the bed and began to unfold it.
"Oh my god!" she exclaimed. As Poppy had said might happen, she had drawn one of her own cards -- the handwriting was clearly hers. But which one?
She began to read. Breathing heavily, she realized it wasn't the worst, but, as she remembered Poppy describing and showing photos of her challenge, she knew what it might be. She'd put in two cards that involved posing for Professor Buchanan, and the professor had told her she could make them both different if that's what Annette wanted. She was assured that was the case, and Alison said she'd take care of it. Poppy had gotten the first one, and now, she had the second. So, while the basis of her challenge was defined -- posing for one of the professor's classes -- the details were still up to Alison Buchanan, or Ali, as Annette called her.
Annette and Ali had been friends for years, and she and Claus entertained Ali and Marty often and vice versa. It had been a long-lasting and very rewarding relationship as they all fit together well and enjoyed immensely being with the others.
So, she would be posing naked for a class. She'd felt sure she would be naked this time and was correct. The thought of a room full of college students studying her naked body, as Poppy had described, had her heart pounding. And the poses for the second class. Could she do something like that? Whatever Ali had planned, she'd be doing.
She stood, pulling on her exceptional nipples as she retrieved the vibrator from the bottom drawer of her dresser.
*****
"Hello, this is Dr. Buchanan."
"Hey, Ali. It's Annette."
"Good to hear from you," Ali said. "And, before I forget it," I think it's our turn to have you guys over for dinner and some cards or something."
"Sounds great," Annette answered. "Just let us know."
"I'll check with Marty and let you know."
"That isn't why I called, though." Annette's voice lowered. "Remember those two challenge things I talked over with you."
"I do," Ali said. "And your friend was here and did some very fine posing. She's welcome back anytime. What was her name? Started with a P, I think."
"Poppy. Yes, she shared about it with the book club."
Ali chuckled. "Yes, and Trevor, one of the students, still talks about getting a thousand dollars for doing her portrait."
"I've seen that, and if I ever need one like it, I'm going to call on Trevor."
"Annette, I'm sure Trevor would be more than happy to add some photos of you to his collection."
"I'm glad you can't see me blushing," Annette said. "But blushing or not, I called to tell you I drew my own challenge this time."
"What? You mean you'll be posing for me."
"Yes, I guess so."
Ali was silent for a moment.
"Ali?"
"I've had the classes picked out for the two challenges ever since we talked. Do you, well, just want to go with what I had planned?"
"Sure, why not. I'm game to do whatever the challenge involves."
"Okay, I'll stick with it, then."
"Are you going to tell me about it?"
Ali chuckled again. "No, you just let me know when you're ready. We'll meet ahead of time in my office, and I'll describe it to you then."
"Well, okay, if that's the way you want to do it."
"Hang on a second; Marty is on the other line."
Annette was on hold, wondering what might be in store for her posing session. She decided it would probably be similar to Poppy's, and she'd be ready for that."
"I'm back, and Marty says Friday night would be perfect to get together."
"I'm sure Claus is good with that, so count on it. Plus, I was wondering about Thursday for the posing."
"You're getting right to it, aren't you. It just so happens that Thursday is the best day possible. I'll see you in my office at nine o'clock, okay?"
"I'll be there. Is there any special clothing I'll need?"
"Clothing is the least of your worries, Annette. See you Thursday at nine." Ali ended the call with a chuckle.
So, still no closure. Annette felt comfortable, as comfortable as possible while sitting naked on a stool and having students paint her portrait. The other wouldn't be quite as easy. That special part of her had been seen before, a few times at least, but only by one at a time. Group viewing was something she'd have to learn to face. She had two days.
*****
Claus knew the book club had the selection meeting, and he was bugging Annette repeatedly about her challenge. She told him to stay tuned for "video at eleven." He didn't seem to appreciate her humor, but since she knew so little herself, she didn't feel bad not sharing with him.
The thought of calling Poppy and asking her about the posing experience, but decided against it since that would disclose her current challenge. She tried to remember the photos Poppy'd displayed, remembering mostly those with her on hands and knees, her pussy spread and exposed. Whatever, she thought. She'd face it when the time came. She was ready.
*****
Claus left for work, reminding Annette he was expecting "video at eleven." She dressed casually, doing something she'd only done once or twice -- she was braless and commando. Just doing that had her tingling as she toasted her bagel and rummaged in the refrigerator for the cream cheese. She ate half of the bagel, deciding that would have to do. She had thought she was ready but hoped the trembling wouldn't affect her drive to Professor Buchanan's office.
It was time.
She drove, parked, and went to the door of Summerset Hall. She pressed the bell, and ten seconds later, the door opened.
"Good morning," the lady who answered said brightly. "I'm Jerri, and I'll bet you're Annette."
"Yes, I am."
"Follow me, and I'll take you to Ali's office."
Annette heard the door slam shut behind her, taking it as an indication of her being locked into whatever was about to happen. She was quickly in the office and seated on a comfortable couch.
The door opened once more, and Alison came in, greeting her with what she thought was a tight smile.
"Hi, Annette. How's your day going?"
Annette snorted. "Good, so far," she said, but who knows?"
"What would you like for lunch? You'll be ready for some food after this session.
"Um, should I be nervous about that?"
Alison cleared her throat. "Not particularly," she said.
"I'll just have a nice salad, then," Annette said. She smiled at Ali. "Any hints yet?"
"Let me check something."
Ali picked up the phone and dialed.
"All set?" she asked simply, then hung up.
"Okay, Annette, you're committed to carrying out this challenge, whatever it might be?"
"Sure. All of the club members are." She seemed a little puzzled.
"Okay. I've had a tiny change of plans, and I've had to scramble, but it's all worked out."
"I'm ready."
"This posing won't be for college students. This is a photography group that pays for this class. That's why I had to scramble since I can't cancel or postpone these classes. And, by the way, you'll be paid the regular fee for posing."
"That's wonderful. I'll be able to donate it like one of the others did from the first challenge."
Ali smiled again. The classes are erotic photography," she said simply.
"Erotic? How erotic?" Was this to be similar to what Poppy had done?
"Well, there'll be a man involved, too."
Annette's eyes went wide.
"No, you won't be having sex with someone, but that was the problem. The guy I had lined up to work with you was involved in a traffic accident last night and is in the hospital. So, I had to get a last-second sub."
There was a light tapping on her door.
"Come in," she called.
"Marty, what a surprise to ..." Annette stopped suddenly and turned to Ali."
"Marty has helped out before, right babe?"
"Always happy to help the wifey," he said, chuckling.
"But Ali," Annette said, almost pleading. "We're good friends; I mean, this is weird."
"You said that all you ladies are looking for excitement. This should be exciting."
"Let me run next door. I need to make a call," Marty said as he slipped out of the office door.
"Ali, we'll be naked. I'll see him, and he'll see me."
"He sees me, and I don't think you're that different ... are you?"
"No, but that's not the point. We're friends and ... naked," she said almost futilely.
"You'll enjoy the posing, I think. Marty can help you along."
When Ali said that, pictures began flashing through Annette's brain, pictures of her and Marty, together and naked.
"Don't worry, Annette," she said. "He's not cockzilla, but I think you'll like what you see."
Annette thought she might faint. Ali was describing her husband's cock to her.
"Ali, you're talking about ... and his ..."
"Enough of that. I have a few poses, and the photographers will have suggestions, too. You and Marty can discuss those if you like and don't do anything you're absolutely uncomfortable doing. As far as the class is concerned, anything short of intercourse is okay."
"Short of ... " Annette was breathing hard.
"This class is about shapes, forms, and contrasts," she explained. "Your very dark complexion will contrast nicely with his paleness. And there will be other contrasts as well," she chuckled.
This was something Annette had never considered -- posing erotically with one of her best friend's husbands. And Alison appeared to be very comfortable with it. She certainly wasn't. Still, it was about to happen, and she wasn't going to back out.
Marty came back in as Ali glanced at the clock.
"We'd better get going,' she said, "I have two robes here, so you guys better get ready."
Annette knew that "getting ready" was shorthand for "getting naked."
She looked at Marty, and he winked, which didn't help at all.
Annette began unbuttoning her sleeveless blouse, and Marty began on his shirt. When she slid hers off, her breasts were bare. He still had an undershirt covering his chest. It was quickly off as she was working on her shorts. As they fell to her ankles, she had an intense sense of her nakedness. She picked up her two items of clothing and laid them carefully on a chair, bending to remove her shoes, then turning quickly. She was sure he'd be seeing that later, but she was more comfortable with later.
Since Marty was looking at her as he slid his pants down his legs, she gathered what meager courage she had today and watched him. Ali had gone to the next room to get two robes, so it was just the two of them. When his boxers were at last off, she couldn't help biting her lower lip. Ali had said he wasn't "cockzilla," but he certainly was that more than any others she had ever seen. Despite her not wanting it to happen, she could feel her nipples hardening. She knew Marty had to be able to see it too. She chuckled to herself as she thought they weren't nipzilla but not too far behind.
Thankfully, Ali returned with the robes, and they were both covered. Annette was thankful for that as she was sure that Marty's cock had started to stiffen
"Annette, thanks for being more than a good sport under these circumstances. It was a last-second thing, and I didn't have any other choices." She smiled at Marty. "This isn't Marty's first rodeo either, right hon?" He returned her smile. "In fact, this is how we met."
"What?" Annette sputtered out before she'd thought about it.
"Yeah, when we were in college, we both signed up to pose, and, voila, here we are. And Marty has helped me with this class before -- with other models," she added. "A couple were --"
"--They sure were," he interrupted. "Don't worry," he said, trying to reassure Annette.
They went down a pair of halls to a small room. Annette remembered Poppy's photos, and they weren't taken in this room. There was a twin-size bed, and a bright red love seat, with a few framed photos on the wall.
Alison greeted the eight people gathered there, all with camera straps around their necks. She explained a little about what would be happening and the questions and suggestions that would be coming from her.
"Our two models today are slightly different than the college students we usually have, and I think you'll appreciate that as we move along. I'll be suggesting poses, and if any of you have requests, I'm sure the two of them will do their best to accommodate you."
Ali glanced at Annette as she said that, receiving a quick nod in return.
"Let's get started," she said brightly.
The real challenge was beginning, and Annette took off her robe, and it joined Marty's in Ali's arms.
"Why don't you stand here," she said to Marty, "and you stand right in front of him, and look him in the eye, kind of the anticipation before ...." Ali's voice drifted off as she moved away from the two of them.
Annette brought her eyes to Marty's, seeing the gentle smile on his face. This seemed easy so far, but she knew it couldn't last. She heard a few sounds from cameras.
"Um, I love the look on the lady's face, but could she take hold of the gentleman's penis for a few shots?" one of the ladies asked.
Marty's smile broadened a tiny bit.
Annette's hand came forward until it touched his erection. She closed her fingers around it as lightly as possible, barely touching it. In seconds, she could feel it pressing against her hand -- it was growing. She loosened her grip slightly, fighting to keep eye contact with Marty. As she watched, his face suddenly changed to a look of passion, as though he was working toward an orgasm. She was nearly appalled until she heard a voice.
"That's perfect," the same woman said, almost in unison with Ali.
It was throbbing. Even with her gentle touch, she could feel it. But, she heard more words.
"Could the lady get on her knees in front of the gentleman, perhaps still holding him, and continuing the eye contact. That part has been exceptional so far."
Exceptional? She was holding the erection of her best friend's husband, and the way she was looking at him was "exceptional." In seconds, she heard the same voice again and knew almost exactly what was going to be said.
"You two are looking fantastic, and I'm anxious for more," she said. "How about taking at least a little bit of it in your mouth?"
Annette was sure her left breast had to be bouncing up and down with the beating of her heart. "At least a little bit?" A little bit of it was all that would fit into her mouth now, but she saw Marty wink at her. She wondered if she could open her mouth wide enough to surround it ... without touching it. She doubted but was going to try.
She opened until her jaws ached, then carefully moved forward, not totally successful in her quest as Marty wasn't able to be completely still, and it was bumping her cheeks and tongue. Plus, with it filling her mouth, there wasn't room for her tongue, and as she tried to find a place for it, the velvety head of his cock was being caressed over and over. A million thoughts were racing through her head, and she tried to decide. Finally, one or two of them registered.
Claus had told her to have a good time, and he couldn't wait to see the results.
Ali seemed content with having her husband pose with her, and she was smiling at them right now.
Marty was smiling and had winked at her.
She'd vowed to do the challenge as best she could, and this was a part of it.
Annette closed her mouth hard on his cock, running her tongue along the underside. Marty reacted, and it banged against her throat to a small gagging sound.
"I wish we had sound," a man's voice called.
Annette actually found oral sex slightly intoxicating, and this was an oral sex session she'd remember for more than one reason. She tried to hold still, just letting her tongue do the moving, and the look on Marty's face now was enticing.
"Thanks, you too. You've been very cooperative," Ali said, stepping up beside them. "Let's discuss a little about angles and colors and anything else you might want to bring up," she said to the group. They began the discussion.
Almost reluctantly, Annette released Marty, still holding eye contact. He nodded his head, and they sat on the edge of the bed.
"What happened?" he asked quietly.
"I guess everything just came together," Annette answered. "I decided, 'what the hell.'"
"Sorry about the gag thing. You just surprised me, and nature took over."
"I figured. It's okay. Any ideas what may be up next."
"Up to Alison," he said. "So, you're all in then?"
The question surprised her. "All in?"
Marty chuckled. "I don't mean 'all the way," just that you're willing to do whatever Ali and the others ask?"
"Within reason," she said. "That's my escape clause."
"Maybe we should have a safe word."
"Marty, what, BDSM?" Annette chuckled.
"Maybe Ali can organize one of those. You game?"
Annette just turned her head, but there were thoughts and pictures racing through her brain.
"Are you two ready?" Alison's voice interrupted their discussion.
They stood and were ready.
"Several of the people have noted your nipples," she said to Annette, who could feel herself blushing slightly. "They'd like to have some pictures involving them."
Annette nodded' Glancing down, she noticed they had receded just a little during the short break. She glanced at Marty, whose eyes were locked on her breasts and nipples. They were quickly back to full attention.
There was posing with her pinching the nipples at the base with enough protruding beyond her fingers for Marty's to join hers, pinching gently. Next, his teeth came into play as he playfully bit her left nipple, Annette flinching slightly as he bit a little harder. That part of the session ended with him sucking hard enough to stretch her breast, fine wrinkles forming where she was stretched. That elicited an almost inaudible moan from Annette.
"Time for the five-minute break," Alison announced. "There's a water fountain available in the hall." Cameras were carefully put down, and the eight headed out the door. Ali handed a bottle of water to Marty. He took a big gulp and offered it to Annette.
"After what we've done, I guess I can drink after you," she laughed, and then the three laughed together.
"You're doing great, Annette. I didn't know quite what to expect."
"Me either, but I just decided if I was doing this challenge, I'd do it."
Marty grabbed a robe and threw it on.
"I need to make a phone call, but I'll be back in time," he said as he hurried out the door.
Annette looked at Alison and grinned. She'd decided to say it.
"You said he wasn't cockzilla, but ... wow."
Ali laughed. "You can see why I was attracted to him that first time we posed together."
"Um, I guess so."
"Did you have panties?" Ali asked.
"Didn't wear any," Annette said, chuckling.
Alison stood, looked around quickly, then dropped her slacks to the floor and stepped out of her panties.
"Go ahead and put these on for the next segment. Marty will know what to do."
Annette took another drink of water, and Ali went to summon the group. She wondered why she was putting on clothing but did as instructed.
They all entered and grabbed their cameras, ready for what would come next.
Marty doffed his robe and came up behind her. Slowly, one hand came around her and was quickly squeezing a bare breast. The other hand slid across her belly, then inside the panties, his hand cupping her pussy. It was done so quickly and without prelude that she gasped loudly.
As it had been all along, while the physical things were happening, Alison was talking to the group, suggesting things, and asking and answering questions. At times, it was like two different worlds, the very sensual and sexual world with Marty and the other more clinical world of Ali and the eight photographers.
Without any warning, Marty pulled his hand from her pants and grabbed them in his fist, tugging until the crotch was buried between her labia, dark hair peeking out on each side. They stayed that way for long moments, Annette doing her best to stay motionless since each time she moved, the panties stimulated her, and she didn't need that at this moment.
A couple more poses, including one where Marty had his face buried between Annette's legs. He kept his tongue in his mouth, where it belonged, but his nose kept bumping a special spot causing her body to jerk involuntarily.
Next, Annette lay on the bed with Marty straddling her. He carefully slid his erection into her cleft, and she squeezed her breasts around it as best she could, the head of his penis just two or three inches from her face. Close-up photos were taken, Annette being sure the look on her face was mirroring exactly how she felt.
Ali whispered to Marty, and he nodded. He shuffled backward and pressed a leg between hers. Not sure what was happening, she spread hers enough for his leg. Then, there was one more leg, and she spread again. He lowered himself as the cameras gathered around and carefully laid his erection against her labia. Annette couldn't stop the audible gasp as her mind was running rampant.
Cameras were clicking as she imagined ... But it was only imagining.
"Thank you, everyone," Alison said as the cameras backed away, as did Marty's erection.
The two of them stood and put on the robes as Alison instructed the group to send her their ten best photos, and she would provide them with a written evaluation.
A chorus of thank yous rang out to the two models, and Marty and Annette went to Alison's office while she finished up with the group.
"You did it," Marty said, smiling at her.
"I don't know how. I was afraid I might die any second."
"You were great, under circumstances that you could never have imagined."
"Thanks. I hope I didn't ..." Annette knew her blush was very visible, even with her dark complexion. "I mean, it was ... " She wasn't sure quite what to say, and Marty's big smile wasn't helping her at all.
"Since you're already blushing, let me push it a little further."
"Marty, oh shit, oh ..."
He laughed. "All of those inadvertent moans, and jerks, and other reactions just made their photos better. And you couldn't see the expressions on your face ... but I could," he added.
"Oh, god, Marty. I'll never be able to look at you again," she said, her eyes closed.
"Sure you will. At our house tomorrow for dinner."
Annette knew her heart skipped at least three beats.
The door opened, and Alison swept in.
"Annette, Annette, you were fabulous. I'm going to call you the next time I have another of these classes. The eight of them couldn't stop talking about how much they enjoyed working with you and that everything you did made taking the photos easier."
"Ali, I don't know, it was ... "
"It was Marty," Ali said simply. "When you found out it would be him, I could tell you were ready to faint. But, when you finally 'bought in,' it made the whole thing very real. I've had models before that were very uncomfortable, and their actions were very plastic and not believable. None of that today. You should have seen your face."
Annette shook her head, burying her face in her hands.
"I just reminded her about dinner tomorrow night," Marty said.
"Oh, yeah. It will be fun to remember and talk about it."
"Alison!" she exclaimed, her eyes wide.
"You will. And I know Claus. He'll love it, and he and Marty will discuss it and compare."
"You're not helping at all," Annette squealed. But maybe they were right after all. She did have Marty's cock in her mouth, but only momentarily, and he had nipped on her nipple a little too hard that one time. His hand had cupped her pussy, but no fingers went inside. Plus, she was sure that for the next week, they'd watch the video before having earth-shattering sex. The sight of that long and fat cock of Marty's might ramp her up a level or two as well.
Jerri brought in two sandwiches and a salad. They ate and chatted some more.
Finally, Annette tossed the robe aside and pulled on her shorts, followed by the sleeveless blouse.
Ali handed her a small object. "There were two video cameras in the room," she said. "Everything is copied on this stick. I'm sure you'll enjoy reviewing it with Claus."
"Oh, thanks," Annette said. "Yes, I'm sure.
She looked from Marty to Alison. "Thanks for being patient and helping me along. Do you guys have a busy afternoon planned?" As the words were out of her mouth, Annette realized what she'd said.
Alison looked at Marty and smiled.
"I don't have classes this afternoon, nor office hours. We'll find something to do, I'm sure. See you at six tomorrow," she added.
Annette left, picturing that long and thick cock, and imagining what it might be doing this afternoon. And then there was tomorrow night.
*****
"You knock; I don't think I can face either one of them." Annette was standing by the Buchanan's front door but was facing the street.
Claus chuckled. "Listen, I told you to have fun, and I think you did."
"But not with Marty Buchanan." The accelerated breathing was starting again.
"Claus, when I walk in there, Marty will know exactly what I look like ... naked."
"And so will I, and so will Ali. So what's the big deal?"
With that, the door opened.
"I thought I heard someone out here. Claus, hello," Marty said, shaking hands. And Annette."
He offered his hand, the same hand that had cupped her pussy just yesterday. She shook it, reluctantly looking at him and trying to smile.
"Come on in. Ali's been waiting for you." He gave Annette a kiss on the cheek as he usually did when they got together. Somehow it seemed different to her this evening.
Ali greeted both of them, and Claus got his kiss as well.
"Dinner will be ready in about thirty minutes. Let's just sit and catch up."
It was only Claus that needed to catch up, Annette decided. She and the Buchanan's were already caught up. Every thought she had only seemed to make her more nervous. When she glanced at Ali, she got a smile and a shrug.
"No sense dancing around it," Ali said. "Claus, I'm sure you watched the video."
"Probably more than once," Marty added to Annette's groan.
"My gosh," Claus said. "That was better than any porn video I ever saw on the internet."
Annette scrunched her eyes closed and heard Ali's chuckle.
"I think Annette may be having a little "afterglow" from the session yesterday, which I understand since it was totally unexpected -- particularly the Marty part.
Annette now wore a pained expression, noticing the sly grin on Ali's face.
"Listen," she said. "If it will make you feel better, Annette, we can play the video, and Claus and I will do the same things you and Marty did yesterday."
"Oh, my god," Annette squealed. "I'm leaving." She jumped up, only to be tackled by a laughing Claus.
"Ali warned me to be ready," he said. "She knew you'd have trouble dealing with tonight's dinner or whenever we got together the next time.
Surprisingly, Annette had recovered more quickly than she'd anticipated. She'd always enjoyed torment and teasing.
"So," she said, just inches from Claus's face. "Would you like to do those things with Ali?" She watched his eyes widen. She turned her head slowly toward Ali, who was smiling, but obviously waiting for an answer.
"What guy wouldn't," he said, chuckling. "Why don't we just watch the video, and Ali and I will skip the other part."
"Wait," Ali said with a giggle not often heard from a Ph.D. "Don't I get a vote in this?"
"And how about me.?" Marty tossed into the conversation.
Ali jumped up and ran to Annette, squeezing her in a giant hug.
"We tease," she said. "But you saved my ass yesterday. And not only that, you were spectacular in the posing -- I've never gotten so many compliments on the modeling. And when you guys were doing such a good job, it made their work so much easier. All of them said they wanted to come back to my next classes, and they'd be telling all their friends about it too. And if you have a chance to write out challenges for your club again, please include me and my classes."
"So, you want a chance to do what I did?: Annette asked, chuckling again.
Ali laughed. "No, I just want some mature models. But," she said, winking at Marty, "you mentioned those internet videos. We have some that could top those, don't we, hon?"
Two heads snapped around to look at Marty.
"Let's eat dinner first," he said. "Then, who knows?"
*****
My sincere thanks to the Awesome Articulators for their suggestions and encouragement.