Rachel had left me alone in the office, exposed and unsatisfied. With no small amount of resignation, I tucked myself back into my pants and began considering the recent turn of events. Yes, Adrienne had agreed to coax Maria from the room long enough for Rachel to abandon her impromptu blowjob under my desk and run to the door. But at what cost? I had texted her an exceptionally compromising photo, the release of which could derail my career--not to mention Rachel's.
Maria came back a few moments later, alone. She paid me no more attention than usual, again focusing immediately on paperwork. In reality the stormy demeanor suited her Catalan looks--her dark eyes, full lips, and naturally bronzed skin conveyed an imperious mien. I suddenly realized that I had literally never heard her laugh in our three weeks of sharing an office.
"That was quick. Did you and Adrienne resolve the issue with Operations?" I asked innocently.
"I think Adrienne must have eaten something for lunch that didn't agree with her," Maria replied as she looked more closely at something on her desk. She often bent from the waist rather than the knees, which had the effect of highlighting the seat of her well-defined ass even further. Doing so at the moment, she continued, "We were about only halfway there when she excused herself and ran for the restroom."
"Do you think she'll be okay? Should I ask Rachel to check on her?"
The brunette brushed a trailing lock of thick hair out of her eyes as she looked up at me. "I think it would be best if you didn't ask Rachel to do anything for the time being. Or have you forgotten how the 'health exam' ended last week?" She raised her eyebrows but added, not without sympathy in her voice, "I understand that you were just following their instructions, and ended up with a mess on your ha--"
Maria realized her unintentional double entendre and paused, closing her eyes. She stood up straight, put her hands on her hips and took a deep breath. A thrill of arousal ran through me, unbidden, at the knowledge that she was mentally picturing my accidental release onto Kelly's face.
"What I mean is, it's not you. It's really not." She walked over to my desk and reached out a hand to gently touch the sleeve of my jacket. "You're doing great work and I can tell that you're not letting yourself be distracted anymore by Adrienne, despite the fact that she continues to wear those ridiculous tops." She paused. "I really need to take the poor girl shopping."
"All that said, I expect Rachel to know better, and until I feel like I can trust her judgment again, I just don't want to see her."
----------------------
The rest of the day passed uneventfully, although Adrienne did not return. Given her apparent illness, I questioned whether her cryptic final message, in which she had demanded that we meet upstairs at 8pm, was still in play. Not wanting to further antagonize her, however, I decided to work late and head up to the bar on the off chance that she was still counting on my appearance.
I exited the elevator a few minutes early and again went straight through the empty bar to a small table against the window in the back. A candle flickered in contrast to the twinkling city lights outside. The ambience was as atmospheric as ever, the tables cloaked in tranquil shadow and the music carrying an air of ineffable melancholy. I struggled with the sense of unreality that comes when one is peculiarly aware of one's surroundings, as if the world had been somehow blurred or shifted.
At 8pm sharp Adrienne entered the bar. Above a pair of stylish jeans she wore a form-fitting red thermal, the corded fabric stretched thin over her unwieldy chest. Her green eyes, thick dark glasses, and high messy bun bespoke a mousy intelligence. She sat down across from me with a hesitant look. Her breasts were resting heavily on the table in what seemed like a commonplace position for the girl.
"Thanks for meeting me up here," Adrienne began slowly. "I didn't want to talk downstairs. Maria works at weird hours sometimes and the last thing I wanted was for her to overhear us."
"It's no problem at all, especially after you, um, covered for me earlier." I gave a small, embarrassed smile as Adrienne ordered a diet soda from a nearby server. "But I thought you had gone home sick?"
"Oh, that was a cover story. I just needed to get out of the office for a bit." With what appeared to be some difficulty, the tall brunette forced herself to look me squarely in the eye. "You probably already know what I want to talk about. What's going on between you and Rachel?"
I hardly had to think before answering. "Rachel and I are just friends."
Adrienne immediately creased her brow skeptically. "Oh really? Hm. Why do I find that hard to believe? Oh, right. This." She pulled her phone from her pocket, scrolled for a moment, and turned it to reveal the picture I had sent her earlier.
Together we looked at Rachel's lips stretching around my erection as her brown eyes lit with excitement. I was struck by a sudden reminiscence of all the things the picture could not capture: her tongue swirling back and forth on the underside of my cock, her right hand pumping up and down in perfect synchronicity, her left hand rubbing the inside of my thigh. I remembered just how close to orgasm I had come, and how I had been frustratingly denied.
Adrienne looked back up at me. "Well?" she asked, her eyes pleading.
I realized I would have to do more explaining. "You probably noticed that I was just as surprised as you were when she darted under my desk. And once things started moving, I tried to stop her but couldn't with Maria right there."
The buxom girl paused, thinking. "I guess you did seem pretty nervous the whole time..."
I looked at her seriously. "I'm telling you, there's nothing going on between us. She's been all over me but I've been trying to cut things off. I'm sorry you got roped into it."
Adrienne looked at me sheepishly for a moment and then broke into a small smile. "I was worried that she had, you know, stolen you."
I looked into her eyes. "What do you mean?"
She had moved in closer to me over the small table, her face only a few inches from mine. "Oh, I don't know... I was so nervous in the office before you got here. I had only been here a few months before you started, you know, and I hadn't really met anyone I could talk to. But I feel like with you around, I have a friend..."
With that, Adrienne moved her hands onto mine. "Maybe even a friend I want to get to know better."
She then caught me by surprise with a tentative kiss, our mouths opening only slightly. The moment felt surreal. She ended it with a gentle, teasing bite on my lower lip, a small act of graceful adventurousness that told me I had perhaps written her off too quickly as an awkward wallflower.
Just as I was wondering how to explain that I thought inter-office dating would be a bad idea, as I done with Rachel, a server carrying a large glass of soda discreetly appeared at Adrienne's side. She, meanwhile, had returned to the topic of the photo and was describing her feelings in some detail. "Now I feel so silly. Here I was imagining all sorts of things--"
She gestured aggressively outward with her left arm, as if to emphasize exactly how wild her imagination had run, but inadvertently upended the proffered beverage in the process. The glass's cold contents spilled out in a rush, the vast majority landing directly on her red top in an unsightly mess.
A pouting look appeared on Adrienne's face as her shirt darkened with wetness. She clenched her fists and closed her eyes, tilting her chin upward. "Ugh! And things were going so well!"
I stood and came around to other side of the table as the server rushed to get napkins. "It's okay!" I tried to console her with a smile. "Come on, we'll get you cleaned up in no time."
She looked up at me and groaned. "But my shirt is soaked! I can feel it soaking into my bra... This is so gross. I'm really sorry." With that, she stood, ignoring the returning server's towel and grabbing my hand. "Come on. Maria keeps spare clothes in one of those wardrobes downstairs. I need to change this minute."
I looked at her, surprised. "You're going to borrow one of Maria's shirts? And you think it's going to... fit?"
"We'll make something work." She smiled with yet another flicker of the adventurous spirit I had just seen for the first time.
After taking the elevator back down, we returned to the office. Adrienne immediately rushed to the large wardrobe perched to the left of the door, not far from Maria's desk, and opened it, revealing the contents to me for the first time. A row of women's shirts and pants draped on hangers, shoes lined the bottom, and a number of scarves, gloves, and other winter apparel hung from knobs on the inside of the door. On a higher shelf I saw several bras.
"Turn around for a minute," Adrienne announced. I complied, facing the window and trying to imagine how Maria's tight clothing would possibly accommodate the much taller, bustier Adrienne. In my peripheral vision I saw a clumped-up red top fly across the room and land behind Maria's desk. A moment later a conspicuously large bra followed.
Knowing that Adrienne was topless behind me was almost too much to take. The manner in which her heavy teardrop breasts sat incongruously on her tall, slender frame had been a source of daily fascination for me since our introduction. Even the partial sight of her bare chest downstairs in the locker room had been enough to send me toward orgasm as Rachel had stimulated my cock between her toned thighs.
Adrienne snapped me back to the present as she at last called out again. "Okay. You can look now. But remember I'm trusting you to be a gentleman." As I turned, I was shocked to see that she had not yet put on a shirt--instead she fiddled at the center of her bust with what appeared to be the closure mechanism of a white front-clasping bra. The bra's band size looked to be more than sufficient but the actual cups were in the process of being comically overwhelmed.
The brunette looked down with concern as each of her pale, melon-sized breasts protruded from the top of its designated cup like an enormous cupcake rising over the ridge of its wrapper. Her nipples, though not visible, apparently sat high enough on her breasts that the edges of pale pink areolae rose above the cusp of each undersized cup, fading outward into white, delicately veined skin.
At last she finished clasping the bra. Although her breasts' natural shape had caused their soft mass to collect in and above the cups, enough breast tissue was forced inward and upward to create a line of deep cleavage almost a foot in length, rising from the bra's clasp nearly to her collarbones. As Adrienne modeled her effort for me, her hands clasped demurely behind her back, each breast rippled, jello-like.
I gaped openly, my eyes pinned to her chest, which sat heavily over her narrow rib cage, slender waist, and flat stomach. "That can't possibly be comfortable," I marveled.
Adrienne shrugged at me, a bemused smile on her face. "I'm a 32F and this bra is a 36C. You do the math. Let's see what else I can find in here."
She turned back to the cabinet and took out one of Maria's white button-down shirts, her breasts bobbling wildly as she put her arms through the sleeves. She then began buttoning the shirt from the bottom upward, looking up at me periodically through her glasses with a twinkle in her eyes. She plainly found this entertaining.
The shirt at last began to resist as Adrienne strained to clasp it at her bust. With her wrists and forearms she pushed her breasts up and in, lessening the circumference of her chest enough that she was able to fasten the button. She did the same for the next point of attachment, manipulating her breasts within the shirt as necessary. After some effort she was able to affix a third button over her chest.
The young woman at last looked up, proudly displaying her handiwork to me. The shirt was stretched well beyond capacity around her breasts, the fabric pulling back from the points at which the shirt clasped to reveal sizable windows of cleavage between each north-south pair of buttons. Her breasts also billowed upward invitingly from the topmost button.
Adrienne sat down in Maria's chair with an exaggerated thump, as if tired by her effort. At last I broke my gaze from her chest and walked toward her behind Maria's desk, remembering something important.
"Adrienne, can we talk about maybe, um, erasing that picture on your phone? It makes me a little uncomfortable to have that sort of thing floating around."
In response she again took out her phone and looked at the picture, seeming to think about the question for a moment. "If you want me to delete the picture, I will." She paused. "But I'm sure you'd understand if I still felt a little jealous of Rachel... maybe you could replace the picture with something I could see for myself..." She trailed off and looked down meaningfully at my pants.
I had recently begun to feel as though every time I tried to extract myself from the sexual antics that seemed to follow me throughout the workplace, I in fact became only further embroiled. This confirmed it.
Still, I knew that getting rid of the picture was one big step toward ensuring that I would remain in Maria's good graces.
"Deal," I said. I removed my belt and unzipped my pants, pulling them down along with my underwear enough to expose myself only feet from Adrienne's attentive gaze. I was already quite erect from her earlier display. My audience of one had leaned back in her chair, crossed her long legs, and clasped one arm beneath the shelf of her breasts, emphasizing them further. The other hand she raised to her lips, as if evaluating a piece of art.
"Good enough?" I asked, confirming that I had upheld my end of the bargain.
Adrienne hesitated for a moment. "Not quite. I think I want..." She bit her lip, suddenly once again a nervous twenty-two-year-old with little sexual experience. She continued in a small, hesitant voice. "I think I want to see you cum. The way you did for Kelly and Rachel in the health clinic." She paused, looking around. "Here, use this." She pushed forward a bottle of hand lotion that Maria kept on her desk and leaned forward, getting a better view of my exposure.
I mentally groaned, already knowing that things were getting out of hand, but decided that there were worse things in life than being asked to masturbate in front of a busty young coworker. I took the bottle, squeezed out a generous amount of lotion, and tentatively began to stroke myself.
Adrienne peered closely as I pumped, twisting along the length of my shaft. After a moment she arched backward and unbuttoned her jeans. Not taking her eyes from my erection, she lowered a hand into her underwear and began rubbing.
The sight aroused me even further. I stroked more quickly, the upper halves of the tall girl's breasts jiggling in time with the pulse of the hand between her legs. We continued for a moment or two, reveling in the sight of one another's arousal.
Still a few feet away from my seated officemate, I moved to adjust my footing. I had failed to notice, however, that Adrienne's discarded bra rested on the floor at my feet. Between that and my pants, which were now wrapped around my ankles, I somehow tangled my feet and lost my balance. As I stumbled forward against her, she reached out with her free hand and helped me stabilize.
We both looked down to see the head of my cock resting only an inch or two from one of the openings between the straining buttons in Maria's shirt, a large drop of pre-cum glistening on my tip. Adrienne glanced up at me, her eyes urgent. I suspected based on our earlier conversations that she had never touched a penis before.
As I held still, Adrienne moved herself forward on her chair. The tip of my member slipped through the opening between the buttons and pressed against the fleshy cleavage created by her constrained breasts.
As she began touching herself again, I slowly pushed forward and watched as, with little effort, my slick cock was engulfed by her chest.
I began to thrust myself in and out of her cleavage, her shirt still clasped around my shaft. I then lowered my hands to the sides of the shirt, pushing inward against Maria's defeated bra, to enhance the degree of tightness.
Toward the end of each thrust I felt my cock brush Adrienne's breastbone and deflect slightly upward. Such was the depth of her cleavage that only the tip of my head emerged from between her breasts, poking up briefly and then disappearing with the timing of each thrust. The sensation was qualitatively different from vaginal or oral sex--her breasts were endlessly soft and receptive, and the view of my long, thick cock slowly disappearing into a small gap in the beautiful girl's top and then emerging again as I pulled out, inch by inch, was intensely arousing.
Adrienne's eyes remained locked downward on my cock thrusting in and out of the makeshift entrance to her chest, her hand pumping more and more quickly between her legs as she began to moan quietly in what I presumed was a prelude to orgasm. An unknowable amount of time passed as I focused on the girl before me: her glasses, her thick brown hair, her pale, perfect breasts jiggling about in Maria's undersized shirt and bra.
Knowing that Adrienne wore Maria's clothing made it all the more exciting as I momentarily pictured the Spanish supervisor pleasuring herself before me. Given that Maria's chest was not large enough to engulf my length the way Adrienne's had, I instead imagined her flashing dark eyes locked upward to mine as she rubbed my cock lovingly against her cheek, her sensuous lips casting about until at last they wrapped around me and took me in.
I was pulled back to the present as Adrienne began to shudder and shake wildly, her arms trembling and breasts jiggling emphatically before me. I could barely distinguish whether she was in the throes of ecstasy or having a seizure as I too began to climax, my cock still pumping at a slightly upward angle between her confined breasts.
A small geyser of cum spurted upward from Adrienne's cleavage as the head of my cock emerged, spurted heavily, and again retreated. A bevy of similar eruptions followed, the strands of warm semen reaching even the underside of her chin. The pulses eventually decreased in magnitude, finally slowly to a modest bubbling of thick white ejaculate that pooled in her cleavage. I released my hands and withdrew my cock slowly.
Adrienne continued lightly touching herself as she looked up at me, her breathing heavy and eyes unfocused. Without breaking eye contact, she ran the fingers of her free hand along the underside of her chin, catching a considerable amount of semen in the process. The girl parted her lips and made a show of using her tongue to rake the cum inward from her fingers, one by one, swallowing delicately after each. From time to time she again shuddered from what I presumed to be aftershocks of her orgasm. I had never felt so desired by a woman as I did at that moment.
Apparently unsatisfied, Adrienne then cast her eyes downward to her white breasts and the tablespoon or so of ejaculate resting between them. I was amazed to see the girl lower her face toward the high plateau of cleavage and lap her long tongue outward, scooping much of the thick substance up and into her mouth.
This time she made a point of demonstrating that she had not yet swallowed by circulating the semen back and forth in her mouth, savoring it, still touching herself below all the while. At last with a visible gulp she took it downward and trembled for a final time.
We parted ways not much later. Before leaving, Adrienne had noted with a smile that she would have Maria's clothes dry-cleaned. She had also agreed, albeit with some reluctance, to delete the compromising picture from her cell phone. I went home and slept well that evening, visions of Adrienne, Rachel, and Maria alternating in my dreams.
----------------------
Nearly two weeks came and went at work. Neither Rachel nor Adrienne had made any overt advances on me. Professionally, things appeared to be going well--Maria reiterated that she was impressed by my work ethic and hinted that she would be assigning me projects of increasing significance.
I arrived for work on a Tuesday in early May and was surprised to find all three girls talking in our shared office. "I said I'm coming with you, and that's that," Rachel announced. "You know I have to authorize the expenditures if they're going to be from a company account." The tartan pattern of her short pleated skirt complemented her hair. Her large breasts were concealed as usual with what I assumed was some sort of minimizing bra under a clingy yellow top with short sleeves.
Maria tossed her hair in resignation. "Fine. Let's just get going now that everyone's here." She turned to me. "You don't have anything pressing going on this morning, do you? We booked a few hours at the boutique where the firm ordered your clothes from so they can do final fittings." I had forgotten that the whole purpose of the measurements Kelly had taken during the physical several weeks earlier was apparently to order new suits for me.
She continued, "Adrienne needs some new outfits as well, so I'm going to help her pick out a few things." Maria looked sternly over at the tall brunette, who had embarrassment written all over her face. My eyes were briefly drawn to Adrienne's ponderous chest, now fitted in a white button-down and light green cardigan over a short grey skirt, as I reminisced about the night before.
"I actually took the liberty of ordering us a car for the trip downtown," Rachel added. "It should be waiting downstairs." With that, we headed outside together.
A black car with tinted windows was idling at the curb in front of our building. Maria and I walked ahead, her opting for the front passenger seat. As I opened the back door, Adrienne entered first and slid across the seat. I then held the door for Rachel, who protested. "You got here late today, so I think you'll be sitting in the middle," she ordered, pushing me forward into the least comfortable seat and climbing in afterward.
The back compartment was mostly partitioned off from the front section by a plastic divider, although I could still see Maria and the driver from the shoulders up. "Oh, it's going to be cozy back here," Rachel commented, looking across to Adrienne and giggling. She looped her left arm through my right with an exaggerated gesture. Adrienne noticed and immediately followed suit on the other side. Both girls were pressed quite closely against me in the small space, the warmth and softness of their bodies welcome as always.
We made the trip to SoHo in less than fifteen minutes, after which we exited the car and entered a small clothing shop. We had obviously been expected and were treated with immense courtesy. I saw the women head upstairs with a female sales attendant before a polite older gentleman from the tailoring department led me away.
Once situated in a private back room, a different tailor fitted me with a number of suits in progress, pinning away fabric in some places and marking other spots with chalk. The fabrics and cuts were exquisite--any one of these suits alone would have constituted a major upgrade to my wardrobe. After approximately an hour and a promise that I could expect the finished products within two weeks, I decided to join the girls upstairs.
Upon reaching the second level, I was directed by the sales attendant to a small suite in which a number of smaller fitting rooms abutted a larger room equipped with a full-length vanity and several comfortable-looking chairs. Although Adrienne, Maria, and Rachel all seemed to be changing at the moment, I noticed that they had filled a long rack with dozens of presumably yet-to-be-tried-on clothing items on hangers, including blouses, bathing suits, and even lingerie.
I quietly took a seat and resigned myself to waiting. After a moment one of the doors to my left opened and Maria emerged, walking toward the vanity with her back mostly to me. Busied with folding a shirt that she apparently intended to return to the rack, she seemed not to notice me. But I found myself unable to speak in any event--the Spanish beauty wore nothing other than a skimpy pair of black hip-hugging panties. Her dark hair draped down across her tanned back in thick, gorgeous curls as she padded barefoot across the room, the two cheeks of her smooth, rounded, perfectly tanned ass flexing back and forth in time with her graceful stride. I pictured her turning every head on a topless beach in Barcelona.
Given that we were not on a beach in Barcelona, however, I coughed loudly and looked toward the ceiling. Maria turned and gave a start upon noticing me, instinctively raising the shirt she was carrying to her chest and turning back toward the shelter of the dressing room.
As she reached the door, Maria turned and looked at me angrily. "Why the HELL would you not say something when you came in?" As she reached for the doorknob with one hand, her nipples danced in and out of sight as she tried unsuccessfully to cover both breasts with the shirt she held in the other.
"Well, if I had known anyone was going to be walking around here half-naked, I guess I would have." I tried fruitlessly not to stare, my eyes widening at the arhythmic jiggle of her partially-covered breasts as she jostled the doorknob without success.
Another voice chimed in. "Half-naked? Who's half-naked?" Rachel popped her head out of another dressing room. She saw me and broke into a large, playful smile.
In frustration, Maria had dropped her other hand down to wrestle with the knob still more aggressively, her breasts now visible in their entirety only a few feet from me. Maria's bust rivalled neither Adrienne's nor Rachel's in size, but was superb nonetheless. Her breasts sat wide on her chest and tilted outward, surely filling the 34C bra that Adrienne had put on a few weeks earlier. The short, thick nubs of her caramel-colored nipples emerged from silver-dollar-sized areolas that puffed slightly from the surrounding tissue.
Finally the door to Maria's changing room unlatched. Before entering, however, the dark-haired girl looked back at me, again clutching her breasts to conceal a nipple with each hand. "Next time I come out, you'd better not be here." She closed the door emphatically.
Rachel, in the meantime, did not close the door to her fitting room. Instead she made a quiet but insistent wave for me to join her. I shook my head firmly, still seated, although in truth my refusal was more to conceal my erection at having seen Maria topless than from anything else.
The tall receptionist made a show of looking around the quiet, empty room for anyone else, then emerged fully from the dressing room and darted toward me. A strapless blue bikini housed the bulk of her large breasts, which shook wildly in the flimsy top as she scurried forward. Below she wore a matching string bikini bottom, which dipped low enough to reveal that she had shaved or waxed rather thoroughly.
Upon reaching my chair, she put a finger to her lips and then grabbed my hands, physically urging me up and out of the chair. Her breasts squeezed together fantastically as she leaned back and pulled me forward. I finally gave up and quietly followed her into the small chamber where she had been changing.
The room was maybe 4' by 4', with a flat bench against the wall opposite the door. Rachel pushed me down into a seated position, leaving me eye-level with her chest. "If you stay quiet, you can watch while I try on a few things," she whispered conspiratorially. I nodded in agreement. She took that as affirmation enough to casually remove her top, flipping it upward and bringing it off over her head.
I had seen Rachel's chest briefly down in the gym and was impressed at the time, but at this distance her features were even more remarkable. Her breasts were so large and evenly distributed across her chest that they nearly merged in the middle and split downward in a perfect V. Their hang overlapped several inches of her upper ribs and ultimately rounded outward significantly to the sides, where a gentle curvature lead up almost to her armpits. Her large, dimpled areolae were pink against her pale skin, although her nipples themselves were at the moment inverted.
Rachel briefly caressed herself, pulling back her shoulders and drawing in a deep breath to emphasize her attributes even further. Her stomach was firm, showing the slightest hint of abdomenal musculature. The combination of her small waist, arched lower back, and broad shoulders connoted a feminine but distinctly athletic, forceful sensuality.
Finally she narrowed her eyes and whispered to me a in a low voice, "This could be yours if you would just stop being such an idiot." She slid down her bottoms, revealing a totally shaved pubic area. A gap of an inch or so existed between the tops of her toned thighs, which at this level meant that I could see the beginnings of her lips curling out and downward slightly. I hardened further at the thought of being inside her.
The twenty-three-year-old proceeded to try on a variety of high-end designer swimsuits and lingerie. It aroused me enormously to watch as she turned to the mirror at our side, eyeing herself critically. She frequently paused, adjusting a given top to better accommodate her chest or conceal a nipple. Each time she leaned forward to remove her bottoms I watched as her breasts fell away from her and hung down before me. I noted that the tag of a discarded bra read 36DD.
Rachel at last began to dress back up in her original lingerie, followed by the yellow blouse and tartan skirt she had worn in. I watched with interest as she performed the complex engineering that had so often allowed her pert, expansive chest to nearly disappear beneath a conservative top at work.
After finishing the task she turned away from me and, hands moving up her sides, slowly raised the hem of her skirt higher and higher, revealing her panties inch by inch, until at last the skirt rested fully on the shelf above her ass. She then bent at the waist, braced herself against the door, and straightened her legs, seemingly begging to be penetrated from behind. She looked back at me with a smoldering gaze.
My arousal spiked when the auburn-haired girl reached back and teased her underwear to the side, revealing the glistening pinkness of her entry between welcoming lips, the sight only inches from my face. She began to massage herself with her fingers.
I moved closer and heard Rachel moan softly as my breath reached her a half-second before my roaming lips. Her smell was tart and erotic in my nostrils as I gently kissed her sex, at first with a teasing, tentative lick here and there, refusing to give her the warmth of my full mouth too soon.
With one hand she spread herself wider for me as I slid my own hands up and under the lace panties that still covered the rounded cheeks of her upturned ass. I began to swirl my tongue about in the folds of her sweet lips, causing her to wetten noticeably.
After a few moments Rachel maneouvered her fingers to reveal the small pink bump of her clitoris. I began lapping at her with the full flatness of my tongue, catching the nub gently at the bottom and smoothly licking upward to end in a lightly penetrative thrust. Her inner thighs gleamed with lubricating juices that had begun to drip downward.
As Rachel moaned in a low monotone that might have been mischaracterized as background noise by anyone not watching, Maria's voice suddenly echoed outside. "Rachel and Adrienne? If you're still in there, please take what you're going to buy and meet the rest of us downstairs. We've got to get back." I heard the door to the store's main area open and then shut a moment later.
I gave her one last wet, warm swirl with my full tongue and lips before pulling away and standing up. Rachel rose and looked at me, her cheeks flushed and her hair an unruly mess. She pressed a hand against my chest and leaned in close, her other hand teasing at the outline of my hardened cock. "You're not seriously going to stop right now, are you?" she pleaded, breathing heavily. "Maria won't care if I take another ten minutes. You've got me so close to cumming. I'll do whatever you want later on. Anything..."
I felt a certain degree of self-satisfaction at the opportunity to mimic her frustrating denial from a few weeks ago in my office. "Sorry, hon. You heard the woman. Time to go." I smiled broadly and slipped out, leaving the breathless, unsatisfied nymph alone in her dressing room.
As I walked toward the door, however, I heard an opening and then steps behind me. I turned and saw Adrienne, who had plainly been in one of the chambers abutting the one I had just left. Her green eyes were already hardened in anger as she stormed past me with her purchases. I wetted my lips nervously and tasted a memory of Rachel.
-------------------------
I was waiting outside by the entrance when the girls emerged with several shopping bags each. At the curb a black car identical to the first awaited. After putting the shopping bags into the trunk, we entered according to the original seating arrangement. Rachel still looked slightly dazed as she slid in next to me on the right. Adrienne just glowered to my left, her anger apparent. Maria simply ignored me altogether.
Shortly after the driver pulled out back onto the avenue, it became apparent that we were going nowhere fast. Traffic was far more congested than it had been on our trip downtown. I looked over to Adrienne and tried to casually gauge her mood. "Find anything good?"
"No, but you obviously did." The brunette set her jaw angrily and leaned in toward my ear. "I was in the booth next to Rachel. I heard everything that happened between the two of you." I grimaced, knowing that this would be hard to remedy.
It suddenly struck me that my best bet to make amends might be to escalate things, rather than shy away, at least for the moment. I noted that Maria was paying little attention to us from the front seat, her eyes locked on traffic and the radio playing lightly. Seeing an opportunity, I leaned over to Rachel and began whispering. "Remember how you said you would do anything for me back there?"
She paused briefly and then nodded in affirmation, a curious smile already on her lips. I continued, "I dare you to take care of me right now, here in the car. In front of Adrienne. I'll make it worth your while later on."
Rachel smiled slyly. "All you had to do was ask."
Adrienne, out of earshot for the exchange, continued to stare straight ahead, her eyes resolute. As Rachel's left hand crept down onto my right thigh, however, the younger girl could not resist peeking over. She began to glance down even more frequently as the outline of my growing erection emerged beneath Rachel's searching fingers.
I suddenly felt Adrienne's breath in my ear as she began to whisper bitterly. "Are you really going to let her do that? Didn't you get enough action back in the booth?" She sounded hurt.
I turned and whispered in response. "Listen, she's been really aggressive. I'm sorry about what happened back there and what's happening right now, but it's not like I can fight her off with Maria right there."
Rachel, meanwhile, continued her work. Adrienne's eyes widened as the receptionist unzipped my pants and pulled out my hardening cock, grasping it firmly. She then took my right hand and slid it down inside the rim of her skirt, my fingers meeting the same warm, bare softness with which I had just been engaged. I looked back to the frowning girl on my left and tensely shrugged.
It took only a moment before I got the reaction I had been looking for: Adrienne had apparently decided to fight fire with fire. She quietly licked her right hand and placed it around the base of my cock, displacing Rachel's hand upward. She then matched Rachel by taking my left hand and easing it down below her own skirt, where I felt a soft tuft of groomed hair between her legs. Each of us, of course, anxiously remained casual from the shoulders up, realizing collectively that Maria would be sure to notice anything out of the ordinary.
The sounds of traffic in New York surrounded us as the car stopped and started time and time again. My fingers worked their way downward on each side, rubbing gently on the tender lips at my disposal. The girls fought silently over my cock in the middle, sometimes one taking control and stroking for a moment, sometimes the other. Neither seemed willing to cede for very long. A fair amount of pre-cum had trickled down onto their hands, smoothing their motions.
Eventually I increased the intensity of my stroking on each girl, their wetness rivaling one another. Adrienne, the tighter of the two, gasped as I went deeper and then entered her with a single prying finger. Rachel, by contrast, took two exploring fingers eagerly, her lips welcoming my entry after our earlier contact.
For a moment it seemed as though Rachel had taken the upper hand, so to speak, as she pumped my shaft aggressively to the exclusion of her competitor. I was shocked, however, when Adrienne suddenly eased my hand from her skirt, leaned down, and forced Rachel's hand away, taking me into her mouth. Her breasts now rested heavily on my leg. I felt a sudden increase in wetness from Rachel as she watched the bustier girl wrap her lips around my member and plunge.
Maria had apparently noticed Adrienne's head drop down via the rearview mirror and called to us almost immediately from the front. "Is everything okay back there?" She craned her head back slightly and made eye contact with Rachel, who smiled pleasantly, my fingers curling upward inside her.
I took charge. "We're doing fine. I think Adrienne dropped an earring on the floor of the car. She's looking for it." The Harvard-educated girl's warm, inexperienced lips continued to run up and down the top few inches of my length as my fingers pulsed inside Rachel.
Rachel played along, looking downward in aparent concern. "I think it might have landed on my side. I'll help her look for it." With some reluctance she removed my hand from between her legs, but then quickly bent down to my lap, where Adrienne was now slowly licking the side of my length from bottom to top.
Adrienne was caught unaware as Rachel stole in and, with no hesitation, took the head of my cock in her mouth. I ran my fingers through her beautiful auburn hair with one hand as I fondled one of Adrienne's clothed breasts with the other. I knew we would have only a few moments before Maria grew overly suspicious and turned around.
"Ugh, I just can't find that stupid earring," Adrienne exclaimed as she pulled gently at my testicles and licked the lower base of my shaft, Rachel's mouth bobbing assertively above her. "I think it might be under the seat." The combination of the two girls' mouths on me was otherworldly. I felt myself approaching orgasm quickly.
As Rachel's expert tongue teased me even closer, she pulled off for only a split second to catch her breath. That was enough time for Adrienne to take control. I felt her lips surround me again but was shocked as she continued downward, my cock actually entering the tight beginnings of her throat. With her left hand the brunette milked me, her grip pumping from my base to her lips.
I wove my fingers through Rachel's short, gorgeous hair as she watched Adrienne jealously. Suddenly I could hold back no longer--I closed my eyes and clutched at Adrienne's breast as I began cumming, just praying that the eager girl could take my full load without allowing the release of any problematic spills.
It turned out that my concern was justified. After only a single pump into the depths of her mouth, Adrienne audibly gagged and pulled up, her hand still clenched around me as I ejaculated uncontrollably in the direction of her face. She immediately tilted the head of my cock toward Rachel, who had looked up at the sputtering brunette in surprise. The more practiced girl was also hit by some of my release before plunging downward opportunistically, catching more or less the second half of my orgasm in her vise-like mouth.
After a few seconds both Adrienne and Rachel slowly pulled up halfway from my lap, still below Maria's line of sight. The brunette adjusted her cum-spattered glasses, her green eyes watery from her failed deep-throating attempt. Rachel, by contrast, raised her eyebrows and stuck her tongue out at the bustier girl, who looked on with wanton envy as her competitor opened her mouth, triumphant, her semen-covered tongue curling about in a deep bed of milky ejaculate. She at last swallowed with a pronounced gulping motion as the two girls both broke out in silent giggling.
At that moment the car pulled to a stop. Maria, without looking back, opened her door and called back to us, "We're here. Forget about the earring and help me with these bags from the trunk."
A look of panic crossed Adrienne's face as the three of us simultaneously realized that clean-up had just become an urgent priority. Telltale droplets of cum clung to each girl's face and hair, not to mention my pants. Adrienne set her glasses to the side and began to wipe at herself frantically, smearing a streak of cum across her forehead and doing little to improve the situation.
Rachel, however, went into motion with almost clinical professionalism. Ignoring the mess on her own face, she instead swiped a finger across Adrienne's cheek, removed a white glob of semen, and brought it back to her mouth. After licking the finger clean with a detached, business-like swallow, she then gestured meaningfully to her own face and back to Adrienne, signaling an expectation of reciprocity.
Adrienne remained dully uncomprehending, still breathless from her earlier exertions. Finally Rachel grabbed the other girl's wrist in one hand and brought it up to her, Rachel's, face, making the strategy obvious--without a mirror, the girls would be unable to clean themselves, but they could easily tend to one another.
The two made short work of the mess, combing or licking the more suspicious drops from one another's face and hair before swallowing the evidence. I, in the meantime, had returned my cock into my pants and untucked my shirt, thereby concealing most of the stains. Lastly Rachel took Adrienne's glasses and licked the lenses clean, drying them quickly with the underside of her skirt and returning the frames to their owner. All of this took place within perhaps a minute of my release.
With that, we exited the car. Rachel bounded energetically to the rear of the vehicle, where Maria was still sorting through the mountain of bags the girls had crammed inside. Adrienne, too, left the car in what seemed to be a much-improved mood, even giving me a quick peck on the cheek before exiting.
Only when Maria sidled up to me outside the building, her arms laden with shopping bags, did I feel a sense of dread. She turned toward me casually, the other girls out of earshot. "You know, I remembered something interesting just now. Adrienne wasn't wearing earrings today."
*******************************