I've always thrived on attention. Even in my most private, intimate moments. Even when it's just me, alone in a room, circling my clit and playing with my holes, there's always someone watching in the dark corners of my mind. I want to be seen.
***
As I pull into the parking lot, I can already see the front portion is full and the back isn't far behind. Exasperating. I realize it isn't my gym. But early morning visits have spoiled me, and I'm unwilling to wait even a few moments for the equipment I want when I'm so used to sharing the massive facility with only a few others. Shouldn't have stayed out so late last night. Shouldn't have slept in this morning. I quiet my thoughts as I shift in park and turn off my car. I take one last look at the sunset, knowing this is the last I will see of her tonight, before slamming my car door shut and heading inside.
It's bad. There are a few other women, but the majority of the floorspace is occupied by grunting men on squat racks. Thick muscle and endless bicep curls. I immediately duck into the locker room. The calm before the storm. It's quiet here, almost private. I slip out of my work clothes and reach into my bag. Spandex shorts. Tight, cropped, sports bra. I check myself out in the mirror, mentally sighing out another complaint about their damn shirt requirement. I prefer to work out in as little as possible. I slip the tiny t-shirt over my head, just large enough to cover my exposed skin without hiding the curve of my tight ass. I inspect my appearance again, admiring my lean limbs. I am petite, no doubt. But I do what I can to keep my body sculpted, not using my small size as a crutch. My leg muscles curve out ever so slightly as they lead up to a perfect triangle of empty space below my pussy. Seeing the outline of my mound, knowing someone could so easily slip a hand between my thighs and rub my needy little clit, has me dampening already. I'm a dirty little girl. Doesn't take much to make me slick with my own wetness. I'm tempted to spend a few moments alone and take care of this before I start my routine, but think better of it. Might as well have some fun.
I begin with stretching. My ass is high in the air, shorts sliding up to proudly display the bottom curve of my ass. I can feel myself warming. My body heats and blood flows, inspired partially by my stretch and partially by the need I feel growing inside me. The space has large mirrors, floor to ceiling, and I can see a few men doing their best to hide the way their eyes linger on my reflection. I wish they wouldn't. I want to see the desire on their faces as I step my feet apart, pulling myself even lower by my ankles, pushing my holes out for anyone to claim. I finish with a few more muscle groups, and by the time I am done I am flat on floor in the splits, bent forward as fat as I can, hands locked around my ankles like handles. I rock back and forth in an active stretch, stimulating my muscles while grinding the sensitive flesh of my pussy against the floor. As I finally rise, I feel a slow trickle of warmth drip out of me. I am officially dripping wet, and I haven't even started. I glance longingly back at the privacy of the locker room for just a moment before continuing on.
I catch eyes on me as I sink into a squat, ass out. If I can hover like this with a weight on my back, just imagine what I could do impaled on your cock. I spread my legs proudly on the abduction machine, wishing I had gone with lighter colored shorts. The man across from me looks hungry as I open my legs for him, panting with exertion, mentally pleading with him to follow me home. If I were in gray, my dark spot of wetness could betray how badly I want to be taken. I finish lying down, pushing my legs up behind me, thinking about how easily accessible I am with my ass pointed in the air and my legs spread apart like this. By the time I saunter back into the locker room, I am more than warm. I am burning with need. I am wishing I had brought something to fuck myself with. Now.
My eyes settle on a tight, young, naked body as I step inside. She's shorter than me by a few inches, her dark hair is cropped close to her head, and her ass is two perfect round globes of flesh. Her stomach is washboard flat, leading up to small but firm tits with proud, dark nipples. I notice her shaved pussy almost immediately. That, and the intensity in her green eyes as her gaze penetrates mine. I give her a quick smile, and almost move to another bank of lockers. I stop. What the hell... might as well give her a show. I peel my sweaty clothes off my body, unceremoniously tossing them in a pile on the bench, and give her the full view. I can see her looking out of the corners of her eyes. As I said before, I want to be seen. I don't miss another drip of hot liquid sliding down my thigh as I raise one leg on the bench and stretch my hips out, reaching my arms above my head. I close my eyes and tilt my face to the ceiling, giving her a few moments of uninterrupted voyeurism. I wish I could give her more, but my little show has sped things along more than I expected. I am a pulsing mess of horny, hot, wet need.
Don't worry, I'm resourceful. I step into the shower with big plans. Within a few moments, my fingers are playing with my pussy as my body sighs against the wall. I spread myself, water cool against my burning sex, and circle my swollen clit. I pinch down, hard, and moan with that ache of pain and pleasure. I shove three fingers in myself, and start to pump in and out. I know it isn't enough. Within seconds, my needy cunt is begging for more. What's a girl gonna do? Without hesitation, I reach for my shampoo bottle. It's big. Bigger than your average cock. But I'm not your average girl. I start to work it in and out of me as I flick my finger back and forth over my little clit. I'm getting close, but the trickles of water remind me of the emptiness in my poor, neglected ass. In a moment, I tell myself. I'm filling my pussy first. I have the shampoo about halfway in, but I feel myself clenching around it, my body clamping down on the intrusion.
I spread my legs even farther and catch a glimpse of the outside world at the edge of the shower curtain. The outside world. Others. Others who could be watching. This tips me over the edge, and I feel the shampoo bottom out within me, sliding against my cervix as I am filled to the brim. I feel stretched. I am aching. My pussy loves this, but I am a tiny girl, and this is a big, big cock. I keep the majority of the girth inside me and slowly raise and lower myself by my toes on the makeshift dildo. My clit is molten, three times its normal size. I tilt my head back against the wall and close my eyes, focusing on the fullness inside me.
And then I feel it. A slight breeze. A slight coldness. I open my eyes to find myself face to face with the girl from the locker room. Her eyes are heavy lidded, clouded with desire, as her hair darkens ever so slightly in the spray from the showerhead. She smiles as me, and raises one finger to her closed lips. Be quiet. I nod slightly and pull her to me, almost closing my lips on hers, before she reaches out and grabs the shampoo from me. Guiding me with the massive dildo in my pussy, she spins me around until my back is flush against her chest.
"Touch yourself." A throaty whisper, heavy with need. Without hesitation, I reach up and pinch my nipples, hard. Liquid heat flows through me as I feel her own hard nipples poking into my back. Her small, elegant hand reaches around and pumps the bottle in and out of me, now slick with my juices and dripping to the floor.
"Slut." A shudder runs through me. She calls me by my name. Her other hand probes the bottom of my dripping hole, collecting my wetness in her hand. She slides back up my ass. There are few things that drive me crazier than being filled in both my holes, and my breath hitches as I feel her probing my sensitive rosebud. She chuckles. "You like that, don't you?" I nod as a small whimper escapes my lips. She shushes me, almost angrily, and unceremoniously shoves her fingers up my ass. Two, three, four, I don't know. All I can tell is it's more than one, and my body loves it. I hear her whisper that I am a very bad girl as she moves her fingers around within my ass, now pumping the bottle out of my cunt with urgency. I am right on the edge. I think she knows it. I can feel is my dripping pussy sucking on the bottle as it fills me over and over again. I feel her exquisite fullness in my ass, stretching to match my needy pussy. And my clit is screaming for more. I start to twitch with each pass over my lips, and each thrust into me as she begins to slam both her hand and the bottle in time.
Just as I feel I can't take it anymore, I cum. I am convulsing on her hands, my pussy and ass clenching down again and again, hot liquid flowing out of me. I dig my nails into my nipple and furiously strum my clit, riding wave after wave of pleasure. Until I can't take it anymore. My hands reach up against the wall to steady myself, my oversensitive clit throbbing as streams of water run over me. I feel her shake her head and chuckle. Before I can speak, she turns me around, still guiding me by the fullness in my holes, and spins my clit in direct contact with the showerhead. Rivulets of warm liquid run down my body as the cascade pounds my oversensitive center. Instinctively, I reach down to protect my sensitive little clit. It's too much. Her reflexes are faster than mine. She locks my arms behind me with one of hers, removing her hand from the bottle in my cunt and thrusting my tits forward. "Hold it in, slut." I moan in frustration and clench my pussy as tight as it will go.
Never have I felt so full, my muscles contracted around the monstrous bottle. I look down and watch it slowly sliding out of me, pulling my pussy lips out with it, making me shudder with desire. She slides her hand out of my ass one more time and jams it back in, adding a finger this time, and the extra stimulation tips me over the edge. I cum. This time, I am not controlled. Not elegant. Nothing but hers. She has turned me into her little cum slut, and I cry out as my holes shudder and contract around her, again and again. I hear the bottle fall out of me with a slurp, and feel cum rush down my legs. She releases my arms, pulls her hand out of me, and I fall forward. Eyes closed, forehead flush against the shower wall, lost to the world. It could have been seconds, minutes, hours even. At some point, I turn around and she's gone. I peek my head out the curtain and see her wet footprints leading out the door.
Sticking my lower lip out in a pout, I slump against the wall of the shower. Where did she go? I liked her. From this angle, the shower stream is putting steady pressure on my clit again. I tilt my head against the wall and try to make sense of what just happened. As I relieve the memories, I find my fingers reaching down to play with my ass. I look down at the shampoo bottle on the floor, and the ache within me resumes. Think it'll fit?