Author's Note - this is the final instalment that I have planned for this series. Writing of this series stalled for a while after episode 3, because I wasn't satisfied with my original plan for episode 5. After much racking of brains, inspiration struck, and I knew how to end the series! Hurrah!
Like the other 4 parts, my aim was for this story to be an enjoyable read whether or not you've read any of the others. However, I think that the pay-off at the end won't make full sense unless you've read them all.
This story incorporates various fetishes of mine including tentacle sex, cum inflation, panty stuffing, exhibitionism, and maybe even some other stuff by the time I've finished writing it.
*****
Abi was going to change the world, but not today. She had a lot of things to take care of first. With the RIBRUNT facility now in her control, the sky was the limit. The nanobots had already proven that they could effortlessly change people's bodies and control their minds, the question was - what was she going to do with it? Should she use her powers for evil, enslave mankind, take over the world? It probably wouldn't even be that hard. No, she would resist the temptation. She would use RIBRUNT for good, develop a program that would direct the nanobots to self-replicate and spread, while reprogramming the brains of all the people they encountered to be more compassionate, more generous. Imagine a world like that. Of course, she knew that self-replicating nanobots was the stuff of science-fiction nightmares, and not something to be done lightly.
First step was to move the hardware from its current location to her own premises. Right now, there could be a knock on the door any day, and she wouldn't be able to relax until it was safely under wraps. She'd already made a start - the equipment for building the nanobots was fairly self-contained, and had been easy to transport, but she'd need to be a lot more familiar with the transmission units before she risked taking them apart, lest she be unable to rebuild them at the other end.
To kill two birds with one stone, she had decided to use RIBRUNT to repay some old favours. She'd be able to gain familiarity with the system at the same time as giving something back to a guy who'd saved her ass more than once in the past. She was reluctant to tell anyone about RIBRUNT, but her and Sota knew so much about the skeletons in each others closets that she knew they'd always keep each others secrets.
At first, Sota had thought she was having a laugh at his expense, but eventually she convinced him that this was for real - she could quite literally make all of his sexual fantasies come true.
There then followed a period of a few days where Sota sent a bunch of links to Abi - videos and drawings and computer-generated images, that outlined some of his perversions, and Abi spent those days sat in front of her computer masturbating pretty much continuously. This is all well and good, she wrote, but you'll need to find someone to fulfil the other role in this activity. Can't you do it, he asked, and she replied that no, she was going to be the director, controlling the computer, handling matters both trivial and critical as and when they arose, making sure that everything went perfectly. To do that right would require all of her attention.
Abi heard nothing from Sota for a few days, and then an email out of the blue. I've found someone, he said, I haven't told her any details, but she's into all that stuff too. She'd be up for it. What do you think? It didn't take Abi long to dig up some dirt on the proposed participant, an American woman called Sheila - the sort of personal information that would ensure that the secret of RIBRUNT would definitely be safe with her. She gave Sota the okay, and very soon flights and hotels were being booked to bring both of them back to England.
Just in case, Abi arranged to meet the two of them in a neutral and reasonably unpopulated location. Once they were in her car, she blindfolded them as a precaution, so they wouldn't know the exact location of the facility - not that she was planning on keeping the equipment there for much longer. As she drove, Abi checked that both parties knew what they were consenting to. She was conscious of the fact that these two people were effectively putting their lives in her hands. She had made a few changes to the RIBRUNT system's programming to guard against a fatal scenario, but she knew also that her own vigilance would be paramount. Another addition that she had made to the system was to provide a mental interface - using the nanobots in her own body, she could communicate commands to Wendy, the program interface module, non-verbally. This meant that she could respond faster, and without breaking Sota and Sheila's immersion. That was the plan, at least.
Abi pulled into the alley where RIBRUNT was located, and killed the engine. As usual, there was no-one around, though you could hear the hustle and bustle of shoppers from the high street nearby. Carefully she guided her passengers through the non-descript door, and into the main room.
"You can take off your blindfolds now."
Sota and Sheila did as instructed. The room was still pitch black, except for the searing harsh light of one computer monitor.
"Wendy, bring the lights up slowly."
Gradually the darkness was replaced by a gloom, and soon details began to emerge. The three of them were alone in a large laboratory, with many desks around the perimeter, some of them carrying arcane computer equipment, some of them empty. The centre of the room had been cleared.
"How are you guys feeling?"
"Terrified," replied Sheila. "It's starting to feel real."
Abi smiled. "Sota?"
"I feel like I'm standing on top of a very high building."
"Let me take your coats."
Abi took their coats and hung them up on some pegs by the door. Sota was tall and gangly and was wearing jeans and a t-shirt with the Atari logo on it, both of them looking very well-worn. Sheila had made more of an effort - a snug leatherette halterneck dress, with an plunging neckline that exposed her cleavage. By contrast with Sota, her body would probably best be described as curvy, with ample breasts and hips, hefty thighs and a plump round belly. She was confident with her body though, unlike Sota who seemed to walk with a constant stoop.
"If you're feeling nervous, I brought this bottle of vodka to help you relax."
"That sounds like a good idea." replied Sheila.
There weren't many chairs around, but Abi managed to gather three around one of the desks, and poured out two generous measures for her guests.
"You're not joining us?" asked Sota.
"No, need to stay sharp."
The three of them sat and talked about the flights, how was your flight, and the hotels, how are your rooms, and the weather, yes this is normal for the north of England at this time of year, until Abi judged that they'd made a sufficient dent in the bottle. She stood up and walked over to a nearby desk.
"Right, let's get started. Wendy, open the nanosoup box."
A large piece of apparatus hissed open in a cloud of dry ice, revealing two perspex cylinders containing a benign-looking red syrup, and space for about a dozen more. Abi brought them over to Sota and Sheila and placed them on the desk in front of them. The two of them just stared at the small vessels.
"Second thoughts?" asked Abi.
Sota looked up at Abi, then back at the nanosoup. He straightened his back, and then quickly whipped a hand out, snatched up one of the drinks, and knocked it back in one. He looked at the empty container contemplatively, set it back down, and then the two of them looked at Sheila. She looked uncertaintly at the remaining measure of nanosoup for a second, and then with a broad smile she leisurely picked it up, tilted her head back slightly, and devoured the contents.
"Let's do this." she whispered.
"Excellent, go and stand in the middle of the room."
The two of them went to the space indicated, and stood face to face, breathing heavily. Abi remained in her seat - she could see everything she needed to from here, though she might move around later if necessary.
"Ready?"
"Ready."
"Ready."
Abi had already planned out how this encounter was going to start. She hadn't told Sota or Sheila the details, because she wanted them to be surprised, but she was pretty certain that Sota would love it. As far as Sheila was concerned, she didn't know about her fetishes in quite the same level of detail, but that was secondary. Her job here was to repay a favour owed to Sota, and choosing the right partner was his responsibility. She had to assume that what worked for one of them would work for both.
Abi took a deep breath, and sent the first command to Wendy. Instantly, Sota and Sheila started looking around themselves in stunned, open-mouthed silence. Abi knew what they were seeing - as far as the two of them were concerned, they were now stood in Piccadilly Circus, by the Shaftesbury Memorial Fountain, surrounded by tourists, black cabs and pigeons, hearing the noise of the crowds and the traffic, feeling the breeze on their skin.
"Is this... real?" asked Sheila.
"No, it can't be real." replied Sota, "No-one batted an eye when we appeared out of thin air."
"Feels real though."
"It does."
When Abi had first thought of using the nanobots to provide them with the illusion of being exposed in a public place, it had also crossed her mind that she could also provide the entire encounter via the same means. It would certainly be the safest method, that was true. No need to change their bodies - they could just sit there and experience a shared hallucination from start to finish. But she'd promised Sota something real, not just a mental trip, and he'd asked her to set up a video camera so he would be able to watch again later, in the comfort of his own apartment. Had it been anyone else, Abi would have point-blank refused to have anything that might leave a trace of hard evidence, but she knew that if anyone could keep it secure, Sota could. Rather than saving it locally, the footage was being sent back to her place over an encrypted stream, which had the added benefit that Gemma could watch along in real-time.
She now moved onto the next step, and this time the change was real, and happened simultaneously in the lab and in Sota and Sheila's perception. Sota began to transform, as Sheila stared on in steadily rising fear. He grew taller, and more muscular. His skin darkened, and hardened. His facial features began to contort, the shape of his head changed. The change only took ten seconds in total, and Sheila gaped in terror at the monstrosity that towered over her. Sota was now more than eight feet tall, and instead of skin he was now covered from head to toe in jet black scales. His face was hideous, no longer human but the head of a terrifying reptilian beast with long, sharp teeth in his snarling mouth. His clothes were in tatters - they had burst from his body and fallen to the floor as his torso and limbs had thickened with the muscular growth. His hands were changed - instead of each one having four fingers and a thumb, they had four long digits, each one tipped with a razor-sharp claw. Sheila panted and gasped - she had known that Sato would want to transform into a monster, it wasn't a surprise in that respect, but the reality of seeing this beast in front of her so soon was terrifying. Abi smiled - this was going exactly to plan. She needed to get Sheila as scared as possible, as quickly as possible. In none of Sato's videos had the poor damsel's response to the enormous monster been anything less than sheer horror, to start with at least. She sent a command to Wendy to moderate Sheila's heartrate - keep it high, but not so high that the poor woman was in danger of having a heart attack.
"Is this... isthisreal?" Sheila managed to stammer.
The huge billboards on the corner of Shaftesbury Avenue and Regent Street suddenly winked out, and were replaced with an enormous representation of Abi's face.
"Oh yes, this is real," she said, her voice booming out from invisible speakers. "And there'll be video evidence to prove it."
Sheila turned back to the Sota-beast that stood before her. She looked around - the crowds had noticed, but they weren't running in terror, which would be the expected reaction to the appearance of a hideous monster in the middle of one of London's busiest intersections. Instead they stood around, keeping a polite distance. A few held up their phones, and each time they snapped a picture, Sheila saw a little bubble appear over their heads, showing the photo that they had just taken, and in this way she beheld the creature from all directions. She stood, frozen to the spot in fright.
Then, quietly at first, she could hear a sickening cracking sound. The people standing behind Sota began to take pictures furiously, and in the pictures that floated above their heads she could see that Sota's back was opening up, and from the darkness something was emerging, though it was difficult to tell what exactly. And then she could see for herself, a thick black tentacle rising up above Sota's head. But not just the one - she could see dozens of them emerging, all looming threateningly over Sota's head, ranging in thickness from fat snakes that were as thick as her wrist, to slender filaments that were barely even perceptible. They hung in the air, moving slowly in random patterns. They were not scaly like Sota's skin, but smooth and muscular.
Sheila and Sota stared at each other for a few seconds - Sheila was panic-stricken, unable to move, while Sota just snarled. Abi watched, wondering what they were waiting for, until it suddenly struck her. She sent a small jolt of adrenaline into Sheila, which had the desired effect of inducing the terrified woman to scream, a high-pitched scream like something from a cheap horror B-movie, before turning around and trying to run away from this beast as fast as she could.
This was exactly what Sota had wanted. Quick as a flash, four wrist-thick tentacles snapped out and wrapped themselves tightly around Sheila's wrists and ankles, lifting her off of the ground and turning her to face him. By rotating his flexible appendages around the anchor points he increased the number of coils and pulled her in simultaneously, until she was directly in front of him, cowering beneath his hideous visage, with her forearms and calves completely wrapped in his strong grasp. With that, she was totally immobilised, and would have wet herself had Abi not already taken the precaution of emptying her bladder, and the rest of her digestive system to boot. So far, everything was pretty much on-script, but as this encounter progressed, there'd be more and more need to think on the fly.
Sota inspected his helpless captive from head to toe, and was pleased with what he saw. Abi, once again anticipating his fantasy, knew that it was time to start shifting the balance away from sheer terror to sexual lust. With another deft adjustment to the chemicals coursing through Sheila's system, she suppressed her terror just enough that the woman's innate longing to partake in this altercation could return to the fore. It was a masterful stroke, if she did say so herself. Sheila continued to struggle, but her fear was now mixed with arousal, and she could feel a stirring of desire begin to form in her body. Sota could also see the shape of her nipples stiffening inside her tight dress, and growled with approval. He was ready to continue.
Moving her slightly away from his body, he brought his hands up so that they could both see them clearly for the first time. Abi had intended the claws to be mainly decorative, for the purposes of helping to scare Sheila at the start, but Sota clearly had other ideas. Extending one digit on his left hand, he gently touched the point of it to a space between Sheila's breasts. She whimpered as a small drop of blood welled up around the tip. Abi's pulse surged - this was the first unexpected event, and it was time for her to seriously start paying attention.
Smoothly, Sota drew the claw downwards, slicing the dress open down the front as if it were made of warm butter. The claw also cut through to Sheila's skin, not deep, but enough to draw blood. Sheila winced with the pain, and watched as a wet red line appeared down her front. Abi responded immediately though, sending a command to the nanobots to repair the wound, a perfect fix that would not leave a scar. The dress hung off of Sheila's body, revealing the pale skin of her body and the front of her lacy blue knickers. With two more small snips across the front of her shoulders, Sota cut through the straps that supported the scrap of fabric that had once been Sheila's dress, and it fell to the floor.
The Sota-monster looked at Sheila's near-naked body and growled with desire, his tentacles wriggling and writhing in the air above his head. His trapped victim was moaning with lust, to have had her dress cut off of her by this powerful beast was sending shivers through her body. The gathered crowds went wild with their cameras again, and Sheila looked around at pictures of herself, some showing her entire body, and some zoomed in on little details like her hard pink nipples, the red line of blood down her front, or the damp patch on the front of her knickers.
Sota now brought a tentacle across in front of his face for Sheila to inspect more closely. It wasn't as thick as the ones that held her immobile, this one was probably just a couple of centimetres across. Sheila immediately noticed that the surface of it looked glossy, and after a second she spotted that a clear viscous fluid was flowing from a hole in the very tip, and also from smaller pores around the shaft. The smell of it was intoxicating, she could feel herself becoming dizzy as she breathed it in. Abi's face appeared on the big screen again.
"It's an aphrodisiac, not that I think you'll need it. Have fun."
The tentacle now slowly snaked its way down until it hovered near Sheila's crotch. Her head cleared slightly now that the overwhelming scent was no longer so close to her face. The tentacle lingered there for a second, before it moved forwards and the tip touched to the fabric of Sheila's knickers, directly on top of her pussy.
Sheila gasped, and then a few seconds later, once the pungent fluid had soaked through the fabric and made direct contact with her skin, she felt a sudden lustful urge as the aphrodisiac finally kicked in. She felt an insatiable need in her body, and looking at all of those tentacles that waved above Sota's head, she wanted them all inside her, from the thin wiry ones to the very thickest, she wanted her cunt to be filled with them. The one that still pressed against her body started to push to and fro, spreading more and more of that thick gelatinous syrup on her, rubbing the rough fabric against her labia. She felt it push into her, trying to stretch the sodden fabric inside of her pussy, and moaned with disappointment that it wasn't able to stretch more. Every spot that was touched by the tentacle's juice bristled with arousal, and she wanted that feeling deeper.
"Please, " she begged, closing her eyes. "I want you inside me."
Sota's response was immediate. Sheila felt a searing pain on either side of her hips and looked down to see twin red lines betraying the beast's latest cuts. Her knickers were now a blue shred of fabric, and as Abi leapt into action to repair the incisions in Sheila's body, the tentacle pushed inside, wearing the wet garment like a sheath, and sliding in deep. Sheila wailed in delight at the mixture of sensations, the roughness of the knickers being pushed into her pussy also taking with them a trail of slimy fluid that set her on fire and went slowly deeper and deeper. When the tentacle was finally as deep as it could go, she had a moment to look around at the pictures that the surrounding bystanders were taking, the tentacle disappearing into her body with what was left of her knickers dangling from her pussy.
She then became aware of more tentacles moving into position, thin ones this time, the dexterous tips gathering up a little corner of fabric each. Then suddenly they began to push inside her too, and she purred in delight as one after another, those little tentacles joined the large one inside her, stuffing what was left of her knickers into her, and filling her up with more and more of Sota's thickness. She could now feel the wad of fabric inside her, heavy and soaked with that potent goo, like a core from which the rest of her lust all flowed. The tentacles pushed the tattered cloth around inside her, smearing juices liberally into all the corners. She felt it dragged across her cervix and she gasped as immediately that sensitive spot felt like it was on fire.
"I want it deeper in me! Deeper!" she yelled, and wondered where that thought had come from, because it certainly wasn't from her conscious mind.
Sota responded obligingly, and Sheila yelped as all those tiny wriggly tentacles pushed gently against that little aperture. The sensations were so unfamiliar that she felt unable to process them, but she had long ago surrendered herself to the intense power that Sota held over her. She felt like a stick in a raging river, just allowing herself to be pushed around on the currents. Now the tips of Sota's slender tentacles were through her cervix and starting to spread apart. It hurt her, it hurt her so much, but Abi was on top of the entire situation, making adjustments to Sheila's nerves to keep the pain tolerable, and her muscles to enhance elasticity. Once Sota had sufficiently opened the entrance of Sheila's womb, he used the large tentacle, the one that had penetrated her first, to push the balled-up remains of her knickers through the opening and into the tight space that lay beyond.
As the sopping fabric began to deposit its aphrodisiac cargo onto the lining of Sheila's womb, she felt herself elevated to a state that she could not have conceived of before. She was outside of herself now, the sensations were so indescribable that it was if they were happening to someone else. Her body ached with a lust, a desire to be fucked hard by this monster, to be impregnated by it and bear its offspring, however hideous they may be. In this transported state, she wasn't even conscious of the tentacles being withdrawn from her pussy, leaving her dangling there with her knickers stuffed inside her, imbued with a puissant goo that was making her think depraved thoughts.
Sota looked upon the poor, helpless woman in her condition of complete sexual obsession, and smiled approvingly, baring his pointed teeth. Abi was also feeling fairly satisfied with how things were going so far. As the action seemed to have paused for a second, she quickly tapped out a message to Gemma on her phone.
"You getting all this?"
A few seconds later:
"Yes"
"Did you have to stop wanking to write that?"
A brief moment later, the reply appeared.
"Yes"
Abi smiled, and decided to leave Gemma to it. She turned her attention back to Sota and Sheila. Sota was now bringing an assortment of thin tentacles up towards Sheila's exposed chest, which was rising and falling with her shallow, panicked breathing. The slightly thicker tentacle, the one that had been inside her pussy, was looming near to her face too. Behind his head, Sheila could still see many other tentacles hovering, waiting their turn, and some of them were truly monstrous, similar in size to the wrist-thick appendages that were currently wrapped around her limbs. Possessed by the moist package that still sat inside her body, she looked at those gargantuan arms with sheer unbridled desire, able to think of nothing but having all of them crammed inside her. It was irrational - she knew that even just one of them would stretch her to her absolute limit, but the chemical concoction that possessed her meant that reality was no barrier.
A sudden strengthening of the pungent aroma drew Sheila's attention to the fact that there was a tentacle beneath her nose, almost touching her skin. Instinctively she opened her mouth and allowed it to slither between her lips. As it touched her tongue, it was like every taste bud firing simultaneously, the flavour of Sota's copious ooze was beyond compare. Through Sheila's mind crashed the memory of every mouthful of cum she'd ever taken, from the first time she'd successfully brought a guy to orgasm in her mouth, to the most recent occurrence, earlier in the week. The tentacle wormed its way further back and she put up no resistance, allowing it to slither into her throat. It finally reached a stop, still producing a trickle of Sota's pre-cum which tumbled down into her stomach where it generated a satisfying warmth.
Sota was most satisfied with the eagerness that Sheila was showing. He liked her suspended helpless before him, but he knew that by now it was all for display, and even if he released her right now, she'd still crave him. In fact, if anything, the purpose of the restraint now served the opposite purpose - to stop her from taking charge.
His tentacles were about as sensitive as his fingers - he could feel Sheila's throat around the one that was still inside her, constricting around it, her tongue licking at the underside, trying to coax as much out of him as possible. He now turned his attention to the group of thin tendrils that he was holding in front of her breasts, and moved them forwards to have a good feel. Her breasts weren't huge, but they were big enough, and they were beautifully smooth and soft. He used some of the thicker tentacles to gently knead them, pushing them together and upwards, while some of the thinnest tentacles were used to tease her nipples, starting off by just stroking at the areolae, then pinching the hard nipple directly, and eventually wrapping themselves in a tight coil around the nipple and pulling slowly and rhythmically, all to suitable moans of delight from his slutty subject. All the tentacles tightened in, compressing her breasts in tight bondage until they started to darken slightly from constricted bloodflow, before easing off gently to allow them to return to their natural colour. Sota delighted in watching those soft mounds being manipulated roughly.
When he had had his fill, Sota slowly withdrew the fat tentacle from Sheila's throat and pulled it gently out of her mouth. A long strand of liquid, a mix of her saliva and whatever he was producing, hung in the air, connecting the tip of the tentacle to her chin.
Instinctively, Sota somehow knew that three of his tentacles had a special property, a very definite purpose. He moved them into position, one over each of Sheila's nipples, and the third down to her clit. These tentacles had a wider opening, and were able to completely envelope their targets. Then they began to suck, forming a tight seal where they were sited, and Sheila began to moan in delight. It did not last long though, before she felt a sudden stab of pain at all three simultaneously. She shrieked, but the pain was soon replaced by pleasure, a fantastic warming pleasure that by now she recognised. Something inside those tentacles had pierced her nipples and clitoris and was now pumping Sota's glorious potion into them, while the tentacles continued to suck away. After what felt like only a short while, she could feel the suction start to lessen, and when the tentacles finally popped off, she looked down at her body and gasped in shock. Her nipples and clit were swollen with the liquid, and they had been pulled into the shape of the inner canal of the tentacles, longer than they were wide. They were sensitive too, so sensitive that every little light breath of wind that touched them felt like electricity. Her clitoris, in particular, stuck out from her body like a tiny little cock.
"Tell me what you want, dirty slut." Sota snarled, his voice deep and resonant.
"Please," Sheila gasped. "Fuck me. Fuck me everywhere."
"Everywhere?"
"Yes, I want to be filled up by you. Stretched out. You know that I do. You know that's my fantasy as much as yours."
Sota smiled. He moved the fat tentacle back into Sheila's mouth, where she accepted it eagerly, but pushed it no deeper than the back of her tongue. At the same time, he brought three identical tentacles from the cluster behind his back, each of about finger width, into the space between them so that they could both see clearly what he did next. He brought them together and then twisted them into a rope. Despite the object in her mouth, Sheila smiled. They glistened, and she recognised the smell - the group wasn't particularly thick, even with all of them combined, but they were producing more of that sensational goo. The rope disappeared from her sight, and suddenly she could feel it pressing against her huge clit, setting it aflame with sensations as the liquid did its work. She was so wet down there, and could still feel the sodden wad of her knickers wedged in her womb. The tentacle cluster moved, and penetrated her easily, while Sota simultaneously pushed the thick tentacle in her mouth down into her throat. She felt like meat on a spit, and she ached for more. She didn't have to wait for long - Sota knew exactly what he was doing. The three tentacles began to open out, stretching Sheila to her limit, creating a channel down the middle. In the group of tourists that surrounded them, another batch of photographs started materialising in the air, close-up shots that showed the dark interior of Sheila's cunt. The wide opening was dripping with a steady cocktail of Sheila and Sota's mixed juices. Sota selected one of the thicker tentacles that remained as-yet unemployed, and introduced it into the gap, pushing it all the way up until it met Sheila's cervix.
She gave a muffled wail of delight at the feeling of fullness and the squirming and thrusting sensations as the tentacles moved around inside her. She knew that on any other day she would be able to take no more, but she wanted more, and she knew that today was not any other day. She felt the tentacles crammed in her pussy trying to stretch her wider, and then she felt a strange change down there as Abi reprogrammed her body to respond as Sota wished. Her body yielded, and another thick tentacle forced its way inside. More photographs flashed up around them, and she saw herself as she never had before, her cunt crammed with a handful of tentacles that formed a phalanx thicker than anything she'd ever been fucked by before.
"Much as I love the curve of your belly," growled Sota to Sheila, "I think we'd all like to be able to see my tentacles bulging you out from the inside. Right?"
Sheila nodded eager assent, and Abi made the necessary changes. Sheila wasn't overweight, merely slightly on the chubby side, but the fat instantly disappeared from her stomach, leaving her with a flat canvas through which the bulges of Sota's tentacles, all churning and moving against each other, could be clearly seen.
"I need these three for something else." murmured Sota, as he withdrew the three finger-width tentacles from Sheila's body. She moaned slightly in disappointment, but she did not have to feel disappointed for long, as the two tentacles that still occupied her pussy opened up a nice wide space for a few more to plunge in, and soon she was stuffed once more, watching the rippling bulges across her belly and feeling the glow of the amazing liquid that was cascading out of her cunt and by now coating her inner legs all the way down to her knees.
With the three tentacles now reclaimed, Sota once more twisted them together. Sheila knew what that meant, and she tried to call out "yes, yes, fuck my ass!" but with the huge tentacle blocking her throat, it was totally incomprehensible. The triple-tentacle moved round to her back, and she could see from the photos of the bystanders that it was making a beeline for her hole. By now, the number of tentacles that Sota had not yet pressed into action was getting small, but two of them nudged against her buttocks and pushed them apart, exposing her asshole to all gathered. She ached for what was coming, those three tentacles would be inside her, then opening up and making space for more and more tentacles, but then there was a pause, which turned into a long wait. Sota had stopped. Why had he stopped? Why wasn't he fucking her ass? What was he doing?
Then Sheila became aware of the tentacle in her throat moving. It had been leaking that aphrodisiac goo into her stomach non-stop, which felt absolutely amazing, but it felt like it was leaking more of it now. No, not just leaking, it was coming out fast. She could feel her stomach becoming bloated with the stuff, and her head span as her body began to absorb the huge quantities of it into her bloodstream. She felt full, fuller and fuller, but that thick tentacle down her oesophagus was preventing it from backing up. The fullness continued to grow, and everywhere the fullness went, it was matched by a desire to be used as Sota's fucktoy, moving deeper and deeper into her body. She felt like she was going to burst. Then, in the blink of an eye, she went from having a sudden need to go to the toilet, to being surrounded by hovering video footage of Sota's majestic aphrodisiac erupting from her asshole by the gallon. She wanted to scream in delight, and now that the pressure was easing, she could enjoy the sensation of having her insides so generously drenched in that fluid. Sota had no intention of resting on his laurels though, and as soon as the flow from her asshole slowed to a trickle, he pressed the triple-tentacle to the aperture and pushed it deep, sinking at least 10 centimetres of length inside her and plugging her up securely.
For the second time, Sota slid the tentacle out of Sheila's mouth, to the accompaniment of gasps and pants.
"I wanted to hear your pretty voice for a little while."
No words came to Sheila at this point, so overcome was she with all the things moving about inside her.
"Every single one of these tentacles that you see hovering about behind me, is going to be inside you. How does that sound?"
Sheila lifted her head to look. Her vision was blurry, and they moved around too much for her to count, but she could see enough to know that there were at least two really thick ones moving about back there, each as thick as her arm, if not more.
"Let's start with those two that are spreading your buttocks. They need to go in you too."
Sheila felt her asshole stretched by the three strong tentacles already inside her, and then the feeling of two more joining them, slithering deep, deep inside her.
"How does that feel?"
"Good," Sheila gasped. "So good. I want more. I can take all of them."
Sota nodded. Another tentacle darted into her pussy, pushing aside its brethren to make space, where it thrashed and twitched while Sheila screamed with mixed pain and ecstasy. The process repeated in her ass, and then back to her pussy, alternating between the two, shoving in one tentacle each time, causing the bulges displayed on her stomach to grow bigger and increasingly complex.
"Just the two big ones left now sweetheart. And these ones are going deepest of all."
Sheila was now barely even conscious enough to talk, her body and mind were utterly in the thrall of this monster. She was aware of the tentacles inside her moving aside, making space for the final occupants, stretching her wide, wide open. The ones in her pussy were clawing at her cervix, trying to open up the space where her wrecked knickers still sat. The tentacle that had been in her throat earlier was back at her lips, and she willingly opened her mouth to take it deep into her stomach once more.
At last the tentacles deep in her cunt found the purchase they sought, and she felt herself opened up wide enough to take a fist. She felt her knickers starting to slide down out of her womb, but they didn't get very far, before an immense rod plunged deep into her womb, filling up every space that Sota's lesser limbs had made available. Simultaneously a matching tentacle forced its way into her asshole alongside the other ones that were already there, snaking its way around her colon as far as it would go.
Sheila was insensible now, just a slave. In later days she would be able to review the video and see how all that flesh crammed inside her had swollen her belly out until she looked pregnant, albeit not a smooth round bump but an uneven, continuously-undulating surface.
Sota, now with every single tentacle productively employed, pulled Sheila close to him, pressed her pale sweaty body against his hard chitinous scales, feeling the rippling of her stuffed belly against his own torso. His long tongue snaked out and licked at her swollen nipples, but by now she could barely feel it, so overwhelming were the sensations from lower down in her body. She was perfect.
Abi smiled to herself. Job done. Well, apart from one thing. With the flick of a mental switch, she released the inhibition on her two clients that she had set in place at the start, to prevent this from being all over too soon.
It all hit Sota like a wave. He hadn't realised that all of his tentacles, all buried tight inside this fantastically perverted woman, squirming and thrashing, had been operating on a fraction of their full sensitivity for the duration of this occasion. Suddenly they were sending messages at full intensity, and a few seconds later he erupted in an unspeakably impressive orgasm.
Every single tentacle simultaneously blasted out his cum in copious volumes. Sheila's orgasm, which had been steadily building, was finally allowed to materialise as well, and her entire body shivered and shuddered in perfect bliss. The tentacles on the outside of her body, that had been busy with her breasts, emitted a hefty dose that buried her chest, face and hair beneath a thick glutinous white coating. Her cunt and ass, plugged to their absolute limit, permitted not a single drop to escape, and with each surge of cum her lower body swelled and swelled and swelled, and her own orgasm continued to escalate to higher and higher echelons. By the time Sota's orgasm was over, Sheila's belly was an enormous wobbly round globe hanging halfway to her knees, the shape of the myriad tentacles inside her now no longer visible.
His need satisfied, Sota's tentacles began to shrink and withdraw. Sheila barely even noticed until they finally popped out, pursued by a torrent of cum that cascaded from her holes and spread quickly across the floor in a deep puddle, causing many of the surrounding tourists to take a step back. Those who were too engrossed to react soon found that the deluge was coming in over the tops of their shoes, though they did manage to take some impressive pictures of the two geysers of whitish liquid that surged from between her legs. The flow was fast, and when it finally subsided, the reason was clear from the photos that now surrounded Sheila. Her pussy and asshole gaped open wide, stretched so far that her insides were on view for everyone to see. She could still see, and feel, a significant bulge in her womb. Her cervix apparently still had sufficient elasticity to close tightly, enough to trap a healthy volume of cum up there, along with the tattered remains of her knickers which she knew must be still around.
Sota watched with satisfaction, still in his monstrous form, but with tentacles no longer in evidence. The bystanders who had not been quick enough to move out of the path of the spreading pool of his cum were now showing signs of being possessed by its powers as well, finding the nearest person who looked capable of being a fuck-partner, and clawing at their clothes.
The impending orgy was suddenly cut short. A male voice, clear to all present.
"What the fuck's this?"
* * *
In another part of town, a phone was answered on the third ring by a fairly short, blonde woman with a permanently cheeky expression.
"Hello?"
She listened intently for a few minutes, her face gradually transforming from a mischievous smile to a wide-eyed, slack-jawed expression of fear.
"We'll be right over."
* * *
"Is it him?" asked Abi.
"Yes." replied Maria, after a pause. "How did you know? And what have you done?"
"It was an educated guess. Then I figured that he must have the nanobots in his system too, so I froze him."
"Quick thinking. How frozen is he? Does he know we're here?"
"No, he's totally paused, in every way. The question is, what are we going to do about him?"
"Kill him." replied Maria, without a moment's hesitation.
"Now hang on," said Abi, "I don't think I can bring myself to go that far. Can't we just wipe his memory and send him back out?"
"Kill him. If you don't, I will. As long as he's alive, I'm not safe. He'll keep coming back, keep trying to find me. I made a promise to myself, if I ever had the chance, I'd take it."
"There's got to be another way. We can use RIBRUNT to change him, turn him into someone else, someone good. I can give even him a new past, I've got the resources."
For a few seconds, they stood at an impasse. Then Abi's phone began to ring. She glanced over at the screen.
"It's Gemma. Go on Gemma, you're on speaker."
"I think I've got an idea."
* * *
The following morning, Kelly awoke to the smell of fresh coffee brewing. It took her a second to remember what had happened the night before, and when the memory finally hit her, she smiled a smile so wide that her facial muscles started to hurt. Her phone chirruped - a message from Gemma.
"Hey babe, sent a little present your way last night. We should meet up sometime so you can tell me how it went. G"