KA-CLUNK! There's nothing like the sound of a cell door closing. The first time you hear that it will be etched in your mind. Kelli wasn't bothered by it any more. It's different when you know it will open again.
"Morning Ms. Anderson."
"Good morning Stephan. How are you today?"
"I'm doing well. Thanks. And how are you?"
"I'm wonderful, thank you. I better toodle on, but it's always nice to see you."
"You too Ma'am."
The exchange was the same almost every time they saw each other but the real story was the things unsaid. Kelli would wear something sexy but deniable each time she came to the prison.
If it was a short skirt, she would balance it with a silk blouse buttoned to the neck or a jacket that totally covered her breasts. If her top was a little form fitting or showed a little cleavage, she would have jeans and sensible shoes that would go with that casual look. She never looked like she was trying for attention, but she always got it.
Today she was wearing a drop-waist dress in wide black and white stripes and had it topped with a darling hat. A hint of a veil dangled from the brim but it did nothing to hide the startling green eyes she used to mesmerize men.
Stephan never disappointed her. His eyes would drink her in from the first moment they spoke. It wouldn't be a long conversation, but it was enough to give him something to jack off to later. Sometimes when he got home, but a couple of times he had needed to beat off at work.
He watched her little round ass wiggle into the warden's office. She shut the door behind her-but not before looking to make sure Stephan was watching her. It was very important to her that he see how good she looked today.
The warden looked up at the uninvited intruder then relaxed when he saw it was Kelli. He gave her a little wave and motioned with his head toward the phone he was holding, like Kelli needed him to explain that marvel of technology to her. C'mon, she was a modern woman and this was the 1920s after all.
Kelli walked to his desk and leaned forward. The warden gave her a frown, then a sigh, then obliged to light the cigarette in the foot-long silver holder she held. He didn't really approve of women smoking, but he knew he wasn't going to change her mind now. Or ever, he silently thought.
"Oh yes, yes, I'm still here. I've got a bit of a ruckus going on out there so I suppose I should get off and attend to it. You put too many animals in the same pen there's bound to be a fight."
Frank hated to tell someone his prisoners were misbehaving, but it was better than listening to the judge drone on. The judge was hoping there was room for another prisoner. Frank squashed that idea but the judge must have been in a talking mood because he was gossiping like a washer woman.
"Hello my darling. What brings you here today?"
Kelli blew a smoke ring toward him before she spoke. The fact that she had smoked often enough to be able, and was vulgar enough to want to blow a smoke ring, set his teeth on edge. He swatted it away with one impatient hand.
"Frankie, you KNOW how important it is that we make an impression at the Governor's Ball at the end of the month. I've just GOT to get some new dresses and things. Do be a dear and give me a little something to go shopping with. I looked at the dress I had been thinking to wear and it was just DREADFUL."
Frank made a good salary from running the prison but it was the illegal activities that really paid the bills. There was always someone new enough or stupid enough to try and slip something by without giving Frank his due, but that didn't last for long.
Financing the expensive tastes of a beautiful woman took a lot of money, but wow, were the results worth it. Kelli was stunning. She dressed in the latest fashions, always was immaculately coiffed, and had a manner which drew you in.
Frank opened his waistcoat and followed the slim platinum chain to his wallet. He withdrew a ten, then reached back in for another when he saw Kelli's look of disappointment.
"Thanks for the lettuce."
"Lettuce? What on earth are you talking about."
Kelli's musical titter was the only answer he got. She stuffed the money, (or should I say lettuce?), into the top of her dress like a slattern. Frank thought flappers were impudent but he tolerated Kelli's antics because there was no way he could do without her. You can take an awful lot of bad because there is a lot of good with her.
He watched some of her "good" as she walked from his office. Her hips rolled outrageously when she walked due to the dress and heels. He admired her shapely gams and spared a moment to imagine himself feeling them tonight.
He would walk in the front door, smell the wonderful meal that Clara had cooked, (Kelli couldn't be bothered to cook or clean), and he would listen to Kelli tell him a million insignificant or insipid details of her day over dinner. (He would ogle her face or breasts and pretend to listen.) Afterwards, they would each have a glass of Port and listen to a few programs on the radio, and with any luck, finish the evening with lovemaking.
He would never discuss it with anyone else, but he heard other men talking about their wives and lives, and it was clear that their wives weren't like Kelli.
Instead of a sensible flannel night dress, she would wear the briefest of slips, or on more than one occasion, sleep in nothing at all. Not even a night cap to protect her health. She smoked. She danced. She listened to jazz music. He wished she was more obedient like a proper wife.
Frank would prefer her to be more demure in her lovemaking, but getting sex with someone as beautiful as she was, kept him from complaining. As she did in all things, Kelli got her way.
Stephan smiled and nodded as she exited the warden's office. She took a long drag on her cigarette holder and returned his smile. I'd like to see those lips wrapped around my cock instead, he thought.
Kelli went to her favorite stores but there were very few things special enough for the ball. She had left the best for last fortunately.
Irving Stein was a tailor at Macy's and if you had the money, had the connections, and had the sense to keep your mouth shut, he would invite you to see the clothing he designed on the side. She, and many others had tried to talk him into opening his own store, but he preferred his secret business, after hours and private.
Kelli stepped out of her dress and stood nude before him. He slipped an Art Deco sequined dress over her head and stood back to admire her. She was a perfect size 2 but he made small chalk marks or pinned things which required adjustment.
She picked several new boas, a dress with row upon row of black-beaded fringe that swished and swayed with every motion. Headbands with feathers, flowers, Egyptian motifs, all things she had seen in the Paris fashion magazines she ordered.
The hemlines were scandalously short! Sometimes a dark hose or netted stocking toned them down so you didn't see miles and miles of leg, but there was no denying that for most of these dresses, the hem barely covered the crotch. On one, the hemline was a series of Vs like pennants, with one V conveniently placed at the crotch. This allowed you to see the tops of both her hip bones.
Some long gloves going well past her elbow, some tortoiseshell combs, and a few pieces of jewelry rounded out her shopping.
"That's $48.00 Ms. Anderson."
"Just send my husband the bill, Irving"
Kelli took the things which were ready to wear, and the bags full of things she had purchased at the other stores, and turned the Packard toward home. On a whim, Kelli changed her mind and took the turn toward the prison.
The guards were supposed to be looking in the prison yard for people getting out, but Kelli hoped at least one was looking out into the parking lot as she changed into one of her new dresses. She stripped to her panties, her little 30A titties perking right up with the breeze, then changed her mind and removed the panties too. With a hem that short, it would be awful to ruin it with a flash of white panties. She'd just have to be careful how she sat.
She took her normal route to Frank's office but stopped to admire a picture or notice on the wall frequently. This just happened to be at times when people were nearby. Conversations stopped in mid-sentence and people openly stared at her.
Kelli loved it.
She was disappointed to see Stephan wasn't outside Frank's office.
"Where's Stephan?" she asked a passing guard.
"He's over in C wing. They needed some extra muscle over there."
Kelli decided to take the walk over there. It would allow even more people to see her and she just HAD to see the look on his face.
C wing was for serious offenders. Murderers, rapists, the worst of the worst. Kelli knew not to get close to the bars or to go into secluded areas, but most of the walk was well lit and very open.
These were people that weren't going to get out early for good behavior. They might get a billy club in the teeth if a guard decided they needed correcting, but for most of them, they had nothing to lose by telling Kelli what they thought when she walked by.
"Mmm, I'd like to fuck that slut."
"I wonder who ordered a whore?"
"Lookie here girly." and they grabbed a handful of their crotch and shook it at her.
Kelli loved it. By the time she saw Stephan, she had an idea.
"Ms. Anderson, wha, what are you doing down here?" Stephan did his best to keep his eyes on hers, but damn, there's only so much a man can do. She had the perfect little breasts a dress like this needed and those slender legs, they could make a man cry.
The lie Kelli had originally invented disappeared and she went with her new idea,
"Stephan, I've got a crazy idea. Is there an empty cell here?
"No ma'am. We're crazy full."
"Hmm, could you take someone out of their cell for a while?"
"Well, yeah, we do it all the time, but why?"
"Would you do that for me? Take someone out of their cell?"
"Well, yes, i would but why on...."
Kelli dropped her voice to a whisper and told him the rest of the details. To say he was shocked would be an understatement.
"Aww man, why you gotta fuck with me?" Ray had done plenty to get in trouble but he didn't know what they had found out. If someone ratted him out, he'd...
"Hurry it up before I go in there and get you." Stephan's voice got a little harder and Ray popped to his feet. When the guards said move, it was time to move. He'd watch from the hall and see if Stephan went right to his stash or if he searched around. If he went right to his stash, Ray would know someone talked.
Stephan took his billy club from his belt and Ray flinched. He hadn't been slow enough to get a beating, but you never knew with the guards. Stephan just pointed it towards him and said, "Back up. More. More. Ok. Stop."
A bustle of activity happened with several people going in and out of his cell carrying lots of things. One was a table?
When they were finished, Stephan called over his shoulder, "Ok, Ms. Anderson, you can come forward now,"
Ray saw her come around the corner and his jaw dropped. A beautiful woman with golden hair and the most amazing slender body slinked into his cell. Ray leaned forward slightly to see what had been done and his mind was blown when he saw the table, white tablecloth, long tapered candles in holders, a bottle of wine, a long stemmed wine glass, and in the middle of that table sat a medium-rare steak, still sizzling.
Kelli was sitting at the table with her legs tightly crossed. She looked like she was at the finest restaurant in Paris. Stephan shut the cell door firmly and said, "Ok, you're locked in there nice and safe. No one can get to you now. Ready for me to start?
Kelli looked up at him and saw the prisoner eagerly eyeing her. This was going to be so fun.
"Yes, go ahead."
Stephan turned again to Ray. "Ok, you can come closer now."
Ray walked up to his cell, keeping an eye on Stephan at first, but then fully giving Kelli his attention. She looked like a blonde goddess or some kind of movie star. His long ignored cock sprang to life at this unexpected treat.
He looked at the small curve of her breasts. A bitch with little titties like that would squeal like a pig when you pinched or twisted them. Those little titties were sensitive. Mmmm, Ray loved making the little ones squirm. He liked it when they liked sex as much as he did.
Kelli took her knife and cut a big bite of the steak. The aroma of it was filling the wing quickly. It may have been 12 years since he's tasted a steak but he still remembers it. So are others all around him.
That dress she's wearing just barely hides her pussy. If I was in there I'd barely even have to move it before I started fucking her, he thought. That pussy was just inches away from being full in his view.
He thought about warm wet pussy and how long it had been. When her eyes went to the front of his pants, he got a thrill knowing this fancy woman had looked at his dick. How could she avoid it since it was sticking out like Pinocchio's nose though?
Stephan didn't really know what to do but he figured it had been long enough. "Ok, Move to the wall over there and stand still. Jones! Get out of that cell now!"
Larry Jones was aware something was going on when he saw Stephan and Ray moving warily about each other. And that smell, what was that? Damn, it smelled good.
He walked out into the hallway and saw her. Oh fuck.
She had ruby red lips and the palest white skin. When he put his dirty brown hands on her it would look so hot. When he grabbed her hips and started fucking her like a dog, the hand-shaped bruises would be there for the world to see.
She opened her mouth and took a drink of some red wine. He could almost taste it. She licked her lips and looked right at him. His cock began to throb and grow.
She had on some type of headband with a feather in it, a sequined dress with zig-zags of patterns and these shoes that were pointy with tall heels. It had been years since he's seen a woman and this kind of fashion was very strange. The magazines in the prison library were outdated and most of the hot pictures had long since been torn out and taken back to cells, but he figured this is what women dressed like now. But why do it here?
Kelli took a bite of steak and Larry's mouth watered. Fucking bitch. Everything he wanted but couldn't have was right there.
"You ought to open up that cell door and wrap your legs around my fat cock."
Stephan sprang toward him but not before Kelli spoke.
"No, it's ok. Let him talk."
Larry had recoiled preparing for the blow that never came. He stood up carefully and looked at the both warily. Stephan shrugged.
"Hmm, you like that do you? You like hearing about how I'd fuck you?"
Kelli hadn't replied but she did lock eyes with him, daring him to say more.
"Yeah, I know when a bitch needs cock. You're like those others I fucked. You all want my cock, don't you?"
"Answer me cunt. Tell me you want my cock."
Kelly didn't say a word but she uncrossed her legs slowly. Stephan, Ray and Larry all saw her pussy. What kind of fancy woman goes around without wearing panties?
Larry looked over his shoulder again. This would surely earn him a shot or two but it was worth it. He reached into his loose and thin cotton pants and pulled out his dirty cock, showing it to Kelli.
Oh fuck that's hot, Kelli thought. I've got to see more of those while I'm here. She looked at it, refusing to back down from Larry's challenge. Larry began to stroke it and it was achieving some very interesting size. He was really enjoying himself.
"That's enough. Bring me the next one."
Larry didn't like that at all and called Kelli every name he knew. Hell, he even made up a few new ones, sputtering and screaming like a wild man. Stephan herded Larry and Ray into Larry's cell, closed the door and opened the next cell.
Glen had been listening to the commotion, but couldn't believe his ears. It sounded like Larry was talking to a woman who wanted to fuck everyone, and had a steak, and wine for them, and.. Then he saw her.
Glen didn't know what he would grab first if that cell door opened. That steak smelled damn good, but real wine instead of prison hooch? And pussy, don't forget pussy.
Kelli smiled at him like they were at a Sunday school picnic. Then she reached up and pulled the top of her dress down. She pulled it at an angle so first the right boob popped out, then the left. Glen watched as her nipple hung on the edge of the dress, then slipped loose to be free and exposed.
Her titties were small but hey, they were titties. His cock had made a big tent in his pants and he rubbed it, anxious to fully enjoy his time with her. He began to defile her with his words.
"You fucking slut. Coming in here with your fine little titties and those long white legs, just asking to get fucked. Well, you gonna do it? You gonna let 50-60 sex starved prisoners fuck you? You gonna let us wear out that white pussy?"
Kelli's pussy was so wet. These men were desperate. If she would stay here there would be a line 24/7 of men wanting to look at her and jack off. They all want her.
How big is the biggest cock in this place? What if he stuck it through the bars?
Would she touch it?
Would she suck it?
Would she bend over like a bitch in heat and get it though the bars?
Would she have Stephan open the door?
If she let one in, would she later let two in at the same time?
Three?
(if you want to see what Kelli would do, leave me a comment and I'll see about part 2, and 3, and 4...)