The summer had just arrived and Sophia was ready to spent her last few weeks at home in the suburbs before moving out to university. She had just turned 19 and could barely wait to leave her parent's house.
Although not very restrictive, her parents did have some annoying rules she had to abide by. One of them seemed particularly weird: do not talk to their next door neighbor.
In Sophia's opinion, there was nothing wrong with this neighbor though. His house was often empty. In fact, she usually only saw activity on it during the summer. Her parents advised her against talking to "those people", whatever that meant, so she never really got too close to them.
One day all of this changed though. The neighbor's house was suddenly packed, and it seemed like they were having a party. There was talking, music and it looked quite fun.
Willing to finally find out what this was all about, Sophia got close enough to the wooden fence that divided their backyards. She stood on her tiptoe and peeked just enough to see what these neighbors were up to.
The shock immediately made her crouch back down.
"Did they see me? I hope not," she thought, her heart racing.
She peeked out again to take a better look, being extra careful this time. Her neighbors were actually having a party, but not just any kind of party. There were eight people in there, and only one of them was a woman. They were all naked, lying around the pool side, on the stretchers and, apparently, they were having an orgy.
Sophia was hypnotized by what she was witnessing. This woman mustn't have been much older than her. She was doing things she had never imagined before. These guys were fucking her one by one, sometimes more than one at the same time. All the while she sucked some other guy's cock.
She couldn't hold her instincts. Her legs were getting weaker and her pussy was getting wet in a way it's never been before. She kept watching it for a few more minutes and after they were done, she rushed to her room to relieve some of her built up tension, and also to search about what they were doing.
After some time on the internet, she found out her neighbor was actually a porn producer, who used this house to film. They did this thing called a "gangbang", which is exactly what Sophia was watching: one woman fucks several guys. Interested, Sophia began searching. She spent the rest of her day fascinated by her findings, and masturbating until she couldn't stand it anymore.
"I need to find out more about this guy," Sophia thought, "and I think I know how."
The next day, early in the morning, she dressed up in a bikini as if she was going to use her swimming pool, to avoid making her parents suspicious that she would be leaving their property. As she reached her backyard, she again peeked up on the fence, over her neighbor's house. There was no activity, neither outside or inside the house.
Carefully and with a lot of effort, she climbed over the fence and dropped down on the other side.
"If they catch me here, they'll probably call the police or something," she thought, "and I don't wanna spent my summer in jail."
Sophia tiptoed on the grass around the rather large swimming pool, approaching the house. There were no signs of anyone inside. She looked through the glass doors to find camera equipment, a laptop and stacks of pictures.
"Oh my God. I must take a look," she thought, so excitedly she ended up saying it out loud.
Sophia slowly put her right hand on the door knob and opened it, "not locked! It's my lucky day!"
She stopped short for a few seconds to make sure she heard no noises inside. When all seemed clear, she approached the table with the equipment. She went first for the laptop, but it was locked with a password. Then she looked through the photos and she found a bunch of random ones, probably the actors and actresses, and some that were taken during the filmings. For Sophia, who grew up as a catholic girl, those were unimaginable acts. But again her instincts took the best of her and she was already getting all wet just looking at the pictures.
Time flew by and when she least expected, she heard voices coming from the front door.
"Oh Shit," Sophia dropped the pictures on the table, doing her best to leave everything as she found, then left through the back door, the way she came.
She ran to the fence trying to jump over to her backyard, but couldn't muster enough strength to climb. Desperate, she began thinking of a place to hide.
"Inside the pool? No, that's stupid. Inside the house is impossible as well, as I don't even know how many people are in there," she was thinking as fast as she could, beginning to panic.
"Ok, calm down. What if I sneak through the side of the house, on the outside, and leave through the front gate? They won't even notice," she thought.
Sounded like a great plan in her head, and she proceeded to execute it. She sneakily walked around the house, making sure to not be visible from any of the windows.
She reached the front yard to find it empty, "everybody must be inside already. Success!"
As she was reaching the gate, she heard a male voice.
"You're early!"
Sophia froze in place.
"We thought you'd come by in like an hour or so. But don't worry, we'll get the crew ready. I'm Rob by the way, I spoke to your agent," and he extended his right hand.
Sophia turned back to see the man right next to her. Not really knowing what to do, she shook his hand.
"Hi, I'm..." and the words failed her.
"Amy, right?" Rob interjected.
"Uh, yes! Amy, that's my name," Sophia replied, as awkward as humanly possible.
"Alright, Amy. Please come in and make yourself comfortable. I see you're already dressed for the summer!"
Sophia then realized she was still wearing her black bikini. It was really warm outside anyway but maybe that was a mistake. Rob was checking her out from head to toe.
"Y-yeah, you know. The warm and stuff," Sophia said, immediately regretting it.
"The warm and stuff? Who the hell says that?" She thought, willing to disappear from that situation as soon as possible.
"So, were you expecting someone?" She asked, trying to find a way out of this house without admitting she was trespassing.
Rob looked back at her with a funny expression on his face, "uh, yeah! You, duh!"
Sophia began to realize what was happening. He must have been waiting for an actress for his next film.
"I uh... yeah, this may be a big mistake you know..."
But before she could finish, he invited her to their backyard. The production crew was ready to go. There were six guys there, plus Rob.
"I'll be behind the cameras, ok? And these are your coworkers: Jacob, Mat, Dan, Zac, Caleb and Evan," he said as he pointed at each of them. They were all young, fit men. Sophia was actively trying to not be horny, and wondering if she should go ahead with this or not. But her consciousness got the best of her.
"You know, I'm not really a porn actress," she said, her voice as weak as it could be.
"What?" Evan asked.
"I'm not a porn actress," she repeated, louder this time.
There was a moment of silence, then sympathetic laughter.
"Sure baby, we got a lot of first timers around here. Don't worry, we'll make sure you feel comfortable, ok?" Evan said.
"We're rolling, right?" Jacob asked.
"5 minutes ago," Rob said.
Sophia froze in place, "I can't admit I was trespassing. What if I get arrested? What will my parents say? What if I lose my college admission? What if..."
But by then she was being handled to lie down on a stretcher by the pool, with all six guys around her.
"You look damn fine, honey. Much better than in the pics," Jacob said, caressing her firm, young boobs.
"Maybe because I'm not the person in the photo," she thought.
The other men began groping her body, each finding their favorite spot. Zac got down close to her face and caressed her hair, which made her feel more comfortable. Then he pulled his already hard cock out, held her hair in her hands and directed her to his dick.
She knew what he expected but didn't quite know how to do it right. She tried her best to put his cock in her mouth and massage it with her tongue. Then, she began moving it in and out of her mouth.
"I- not a porn," she tried to say it through the cock in her mouth, "can't do dis."
Somebody untied her bikini top and she closed her eyes out of shame.
"You're beautiful, did you know that?" Somebody said it, but she didn't know who. Hearing that was really uplifting for Sophia, who was never one to receive such compliments often.
Soon, she had hands squeezing and caressing each of her boobs. She instinctively put her hand over theirs, as if trying to stop, but slowly let them play. The tingling sensation on her tits and the feeling of being so exposed was too intense to consciously try to stop it.
Then, she felt a hand move down her lower stomach right into her bikini bottom. She looked down, still with Zac's cock in her mouth and saw a hand sliding down inside her bikini, over her vulva, her trimmed pubes until the middle finger found her clit. She squeezed her legs together at the feeling, then eased up and slowly spread them apart.
As her bottom was also untied, she became completely naked on the stretcher. All she could think about was the fact that every guy was gazing at her carefully trimmed innie pussy. Most of them were also naked, and she took another dick in her mouth. She didn't know who that one was, but apparently that was in her job description.
Dan positioned himself between her legs and teased her by rubbing her cock on her pussy.
"Sowy bu- I'm no..." she tried to protest again, but nobody could understand what she was saying with a cock in her mouth.
She was already so wet that while playing around with her pussy, Dan accidentally slip his dick inside, making her moan loudly.
"Hope my parents don't hear me," she thought.
Dan continued to fuck her, slowly, as Sophia enjoyed every push. Being exposed to so many guys willing to fuck her was such an exhilarating feeling ever. She reached out to grab the nearest hard cock and began stroking it. Meanwhile, she felt the cock in her mouth begin pulsating and then shooting a warm goo inside her mouth. She didn't want to swallow, so she let it drip down her chin and boobs.
As Dan left her pussy, the next guy took his place and, one by one, they all fucked her for a little while. Sophia was in heaven experiencing each type of cock she could imagine, feeling like the biggest whore, but at the same time that was the best feeling in the world. Somebody came on her face and hair, and she didn't even mind cleaning it up. The next cumshot in her mouth she carefully made sure to swallow it all, receiving praise from whoever that person was.
Jacob suddenly told her to get up. She did, as he laid down on the stretcher. With both his strong hands, he held her thin waist and pulled her down on his cock. But this time, he directed it at her ass.
"I, uh, don't..." Sophia tried to protest, but it was too late. Jacob was already deep inside her ass. She moaned in pain and pleasure, then started going up and down.
Before she could understand what was going on, Jacob pulled her back and Evan put his dick inside her pussy.
"Double penetrated? I'm a fucking whore!" Sophia thought, unable to believe her eyes.
This time, each guy took as long as they wanted with her and came in her pussy, one by one. Deep inside, outside, didn't matter. Finally, Jacob came deep in her ass.
As she got up, she took a good look at herself. Naked, cum covered face, boobs, sticky hair. Her pussy was pure white goo, dripping down her thighs. She looked at the camera and smiled shily.
"Cut! We're done here, good job everyone." Rob said as he put the camera aside.
"You can shower if you want, Amy. Don't forget your bikini," he said.
"Yeah, uh, sure," she said.
She quickly dressed up on her bikini, not minding all the cum accumulated on her and walked out as fast as she could, walking back to her house.
"Your payment will be..." Rob shouted but she couldn't hear, as she was already too far.