Mia Murcia is a 27-year-old Colombian migrant, and ambitious "Ultimate Battle of the Sexes" wrestler, living in the New England region of North America. This series follows her trials and triumphs in the corporate cyber-future of the states, where one bad deal or unlucky day could land you in contracted sexual servitude to repay your debts.
She and her biologically enhanced brother, Manny, fight and fuck their way through life inside the ring, and out -- alongside a colorful cast of friends and foes who are equally committed to dominance and survival. It's skill or fill in 2069, and the threadbare leash of mercy frays a little more each day.
***
Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction. While the story may refer to real places, none of the scenes depicted have any relation to past or current people and events. Names, characters, business, events and incidents are the products of the author's imagination. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.
Kink warnings: sexual slavery, sexual aggression, dubious consent
All sexually-active characters are 18+
(Feedback welcome and appreciated! But dislike doesn't need to be insulting. If this isn't your bag of bananas that's cool, no need to squash them up for everyone else.)
*****
Chapter 1
Bendix Diner
Hasbrouck Heights, New Jersey
April 23rd, 2069
2:47 A.M.
According to Manny, Bendix Diner served the best pork roll in the state, and dragging my bare ass out of the apartment at 2AM would be worth it, "promise." My little brother had perfected the puppy-dog face, and had been effectively employing it against me since we were kids. My "little" brother was also half a foot taller than me by the time we moved to Jersey, after all the growth spurts and body mods that consumed his later teen years back in Colombia.
I sat chewing a greasy layer-cake of meat, eggs, and cheese, sandwiched between a crusty Kaiser roll, while watching a replay of the previous night's U.B.S. match on one of the many pinscreens behind the counter. My friend Penny Pound was getting suplexed onto the spotlit, aqua-blue mat of the ring, and then stuffed with 11 inches of DuraMAX mod-cock by Phil Batey, an Org-4 tier masc-lete who I hadn't met yet. The diner was mostly empty, and I envied all the non-patrons at home in their beds, watching pinscreens under the covers rather than on a sticky, squeaky, counter stool.
"New guy's got good form," some crumbs tumbled from Manny's full mouth to his plate as he hunched over the counter, chewing and eyeing the screen like I was.
"Not the toughest feat, with a ring-rag like Penny," I pulled another bite from my sandwich and a slab of crispy pork slid with it from the roll. I groaned as it slapped my chin, and tried to keep from making a bigger mess.
"You should be nicer to her, only one besides me and Mackey who'll tolerate you with a smile," my brother smirked his greasy lips, regarding me with those synthetic yellow irises he'd splurged on the year before. With his prominent cheekbones and smooth, tapered chin, he looked more like our mother. And I looked more like our father -- square-faced and dimpled. We'd had the same brown eyes and curly brown hair up to then, before he modded his irises, and shaved his stringy locks into a little faux-hawk down the center of his head.
"I am nice to her. I just don't understand how she's so fine with losing all the time," I watched Batey pump Penny full of a half-gallon of hyper-produced, SemSac baby batter for a first-round point. She looked bloated and tired as she snail-trailed her way back to her corner for a quick chat with her coach.
"Not everybody cares about the win ratio, some of 'em just want their check cut. She's still raking it in just being in the ring -- and sponsors love a show, regardless who wins." He was right. My overly-competitive nature would never allow me to submit to being tossed around like that, but Penny knew what she was doing. And what's more, didn't seem to mind one bit. We finished our pre-dawn breakfast and I waved my palm over the chip-reader on the counter to pay, before standing and letting out an unsettled belch that tasted like griddle grease and regret.
"I gotta piss, meet you outside," Manny brushed crumbs from the huge pecs filling out his overpriced V-neck, and I headed for the door. Outside, the cool night-morning air surged over me as buzzy sirens lit up in the distance. I leaned over the railing at the top of the steps and wished I was the kind of person who smoked cigarettes. Really would have completed the scene trying to unfold beneath the blinking diner sign, with one of the huge, neon red letters burned out.
"Fucking finally, here's one," I heard somebody slur as they rounded the side of the small building. I glanced over to see a couple of young guys in disheveled button-ups shambling over, the lead one waving a hand at me. "Geddown here and put that pretty cunt to use," the prick had square glasses and an ugly goatee, fumbling with his zipper as he tottered along.
"'Scuse me?" I grinned.
"I said gethafuck down here and bendover," he pointed at the parking spot in front of him with one hand and tried pulling his cock out from his frumpy slacks with the other. If he was always so coordinated I imagine he must have been getting corner pussy all the time.
"Naw-no, Pete she's not a Pet," the other guy slurred, waddling up behind his friend and squinting, "lookit her neck, she's U.B.S. -- she'll snap yer fuckin' cock off." The second guy was referring to my Ultimate Battle of the Sexes marker: simple linework of a sword penetrating a shield along the tendon under my jawline. The stencil tat indicated that I was a league femme-lete. The little characters underneath indicated that I was Org-3 tier, and would, indeed, snap his cock off.
"Anybody can draw a fuckin picture on their throat, she's just a broke Spic tryin' to act tough -- look she can't fuckin' afford pants!" The first guy finally got his dick out, and with his other hand pointed at my naked lower half. I did have my pussy in the wind, to coin a phrase, but not because I couldn't afford pants. I'd just always hated them -- so constricting, and the baggy ones felt like dragging a tarp around my hips. Skirts were even worse. So most of the time I just wore shirts and shoes, and my cushioned Latina ass provided all the padding I needed on the various hard-surfaced seats of the world.
I had SynDerm grafts from my waist to my toes, and a nerve injury from an amateur U.B.S. bout dampened the signals between the synthetic skin and my brain. Combine that with a "progressively sex-positive" social culture, and walking around without pants becomes a relative non-issue. Until someone mistakes you for a corporate-owned fucktoy, and tries to bend you over in a diner parking lot at 3AM.
"You should listen to your friend," I tossed my head in the direction of the second guy, and the wind whipped a few kinky brown locks around my messy up-do. My legs may not have been able to feel much, but I was glad for my shiny green flight jacket in the crisp spring breeze.
"The fuck, I don't care if you're a Pet or a wrestler or a fucking circus clown, geddown here or I'll fucking come up there and bring the dick to you!" He was obviously plastered, and I had half a mind to let him try bringing the dick to me. But his friend intervened once more.
"PETE," he spun his drunk compatriot around, exhibiting the sudden sobriety of a concern for safety, "any fuckin' girl that would get in that ring is crazy. And you don't stick your dick in crazy. Not unless your shit is sponsored. Get it?" Pete roiled in place for a minute, nearly losing his balance as the wheels turned in his brain.
"Fuck. Fine. Jesus." He packed up his un-sponsored meat and didn't offer so much as a middle finger as the pair stumbled off to find some other prey with shorter fangs. I watched them go as the diner door jingled open behind me, and turned to see Manny shimmying up his pre-shredded jeans as he walked out.
"That was the longest piss fucking ever," I kicked some imaginary dirt at him from my perch on the railing.
"Big hose, big tank," he shrugged, grinning.
Chapter 2
Colombia had mandated nation-wide free sexual use of adult female bodies a decade or so before I was even born. The government claimed it was about population growth, to combat the global decline in birth rates -- but that was a thin veneer that anyone with a uterus could see through pretty clearly. There were no SexCorp Service Pets there, just regular women getting grabbed and fucked by every hungry cock on the streets. That was where I first learned I had a penchant for brawling.
As it turned out, I didn't always want a cock buried up my asshole while I was trying to study at the little university our parents enrolled us in. I would headbutt, and scratch, and knee in the nuts all manner of horny guys when I was feeling feisty or frustrated, and when Manny was old enough to join me on campus, he ended up in a lot of scraps defending me, too. He was still pretty scrawny back then, but he had a lot of fire in him, and the other boys got burned by it at times.
That's not to say he didn't "partake" -- he liked a warm, wet hole as much as the next guy. He was just a little more considerate about filling them up. We were raised Catholic, after all. Our parents tried to instill some values in us, despite the state of the world. Our mom was a nurse working in underfunded hospitals, and our dad owned a corner grocery. He was always dropping off free food and other random items to hard-up families in our neighborhood. And both our parentslovedthrowing parties. But that was just kind of a Colombian thing.
Christmas lasted for weeks down there, and took place in the dead of summer -- unlike the frozen holiday of Jersey in the I.S.A. (the states became "incorporated" rather than "united" in 2042, after the third Great Recession left the country in need of a privately-funded bailout). We used to have aunts and uncles and cousins sleeping on our couches for weeks at a time, while the whole neighborhood descended into all-day-long cookouts and concerts and friendly orgies around the many wide-open backyards. My first body mod was actually a Christmas gift from my mother. It was a SynDerm graft for my pussy.
I remember being laid up for three days from the burning pain of the graft steadily dissolving and replacing my organic skin, but after that I could scarcely tell the difference -- except for the little branded "SD'' initials above my newly hairless slit. Mom said the stretchy synthetic flesh would "make things easier" for me, and she was right. But she couldn't have known it would be my first step toward taking giant, inhuman cocks up my holes in a wrestling ring for money -- on American television, no less. As the controlling sponsor of U.B.S., SexCorp ultimately paid for the complete hysterectomy and vaginal dilation procedure that made it possible for me to take 15+ inches of modded cockmeat up my snatch. It was a sport standard for league femme-letes, to prevent pregnancy and vaginal shortening, and to hold all our innards in place so we didn't bloat up like barren manatees. I'd never wanted kids, anyway.
Even though I had my dad's face, I had my mom's medium-height, lean, sexy body. Neither of us grew beyond a C-cup on top, but we had jiggly, olive-toned booties, and shapely, long legs. Maybe my serial pantslessness was also due in part to a personal fondness for my strong, supple legs, and the way they reminded me of my mother. She was a proud woman, and I inherited some of that, too. My father used to look at her like she was a small, earthly miracle, while she buzzed around our little house straightening things up and singing little snatches of songs in Spanish. He would sit at the kitchen table with his neat, little mustache, sip his coffee and say "¡Mariana, my love, bailas muy bien! ¿Puedes enseñarme?"
And she would always turn, and smile, and say, "nunca, you must learn to dance on your own."
I was 21 and Manny was 19 when we left for the states. Things were getting bad at the border with Brazil -- authoritarian PMCs on the Brazilian government's payroll were starting to raid cities and establish "neutral zones" which were obviously anything but. Our parents pulled us out of school and ferried us up to Panama, where we caught a freighter to the East coast of the I.S.A., and were received by some family friends. They were the ones who put us up and guided us through the naturalization process, vouching for us as "contributors to American society."
True, red-blooded Yankees that they were, they also introduced us to the Ultimate Battle of the Sexes -- which aired almost nightly on primetime streaming, and was usually playing in the background of every gathering in their home. My curiosity at first was simply morbid, but as I watched tough, gorgeous women leg-locking and cock-stroking guys twice their size into simpering submission, something stirred in me. I'd thus far managed to avoid the rampant, abject poverty and indebted sexual servitude of many other immigrants and low-born citizens, but U.B.S. wrestling seemed like a further defiance of my inherent, female "role as a hole." The difference was arguable, even ironic when you think about it -- but itwasdifferent.
The rules were simple enough: masc-lete and femme-lete compete in the ring, former gets a point for ejaculation inside the latter, latter gets a point for ejaculation outside. Best out of three rounds, winner takes the match pot. As you might imagine, femme-letes were often at a significant disadvantage. Even with a limit of two tier-deviations between competitors, the masc-letes were often much bigger and stronger than their prey. So we had to be smarter, faster, more skilled. And we had to know how to play a cock like a fiddle to get it to bust on us, rather than in us.
It was dumb, guy-centric entertainment, but it was as thrilling as any other major league sport. And I found myself attending local amateur match-ups with Manny during the second year in our new home. They lacked the funding and showmanship of the real thing, but there was a lot of heart there. Inner-city rec centers would host the matches, and even offered amateur training for hopefuls with a little cash to spare. That was how I'd met Mackey for the first time. I attended a weekday match while Manny was working his busboy job, and I was admiring the rec center's U.B.S.-regulation training equipment.
Mackey was a young-looking guy with tired, blue eyes and stark white hair, who approached and asked me if I was a competitor. I laughed and told him I didn't think I was cut out for it, and he said I might be surprised. Three weeks later he started training me, and I rose pretty quickly through the amateur ranks. They didn't have the same mod tiers as the pros, because most amateurs couldn't afford heavy modification without a sponsor. Pretty much all of us were technically Org-1, or 10% modded, at most. Some SynDerm pussies here, a knockoff EverHARD cock pump there. But nobody had the spring-loaded jawbones, or arousal stim-dampeners of the big show.
I spent two years in the amateur circuit, steadily building a reputation, and investing in my body. I worked out hard on top of my U.B.S. training, and gradually replaced my leg skin with the synthetic stuff. You deal with a lot of mat-burn, scrapes, and bruises in the ring, and it just seemed sensible to mitigate as much of that as possible with some stretchy, durable mod-flesh. I didn't have the money to augment direct brain connectivity, though, and that's how I ultimately ended up with the nerve damage. I'm lucky I didn't lose all sensation, but it didn't take long for me to realize how being able to push through the discomfort of an ass-punishing rear grapple could be useful in the ring.
Manny took up training too, but not with Mackey -- he only trained femme-letes, though not for the reasons you might expect. He said it was to "tip the scales" -- and he really never was inappropriate with me. My brother bounced between amateur trainers for a few years, saving up for major muscle mods between multiple jobs, and bulking up into his nickname of "the Minotaur'' over that time. He liked it, and so did the gym rags he was always dating. They were the human equivalent of practice dummies for masc-letes in training -- mostly league groupies and nymphos with so many flesh and joint mods they were basically made of rubber. They'd have to be, to endure U.B.S. practice without the experience and strength of a league femme-lete.
I was scouted for the pros a little ahead of my brother, after I toppled a reigning amateur masc-lete visiting Jersey from NYC. A talent agent caught up with me after the match, while I was still dripping with sweat and jizz, and offered me a tryout. I accepted and was inducted into SexCorp's twisted skin show at the ripe young age of 24. Few femme-letes lasted longer than five years in the league without heavy, continuous modification and repair -- and three years later I was starting to feel just why that was. My hips looked and felt wider, my hands were stiffening from constant grappling and cock-maneuvers, and I could always smell cum on me, even when others swore I smelled fine. I'd gotten so much of the stuff up my nose, down my throat, and in my eyes that I wondered if it hadn't started making a genetic man out of me over the years.
I'd certainly become grumpier with age. As Manny liked to point out, I didn't have many friends -- everyone I met in our state seemed shallow and annoying, and people from out of state were even worse. Especially the goddamn Pennsylvanians. Every summer they would dutifully trek across Jersey to our polluted shorelines, and clog our highways and malls with their bad driving and worse taste in pizza. I'd become something of a recluse, rarely venturing out of the apartment I shared with my brother unless it was for training or a match. I was even annoyed by the SexCorp Pets multiplying in presence over the years.
When we arrived in the states, the long, rubber stocks filled with naked public-use Pets were an occasional sight. But by the time we got scouted and moved to Trenton, they were everywhere, seemingly on every corner. The indentured girls, contracted into full-time service, were sometimes chipped with pleasure enhancers that amplified their arousal and sexual stimulation. They yowled like alley cats in heat while passing randos stuffed them full of cock and cum at both ends. I don't know why they annoyed me so much. I think apart from the noise and display, I was frustrated that they didn't fight back, didn't resist. But I knew better. They couldn't -- they were under a thumb large enough and cruel enough to blot out the sun. At least they couldn't help enjoying it, I guess.
Maybe worse was the non-indentured debt relief. Women who were free to go about their lives, but wore a red sash indicating they were available for a romp and a facial whenever anyone pleased. The sashes were patterned with SexCorp logos, so the super-company got some phenomenal live promo until the debts were paid off. I guess when you own most of the banking and credit systems in a country, you can choose to collect pretty much however you want. It reached a point where sex became a pretty common currency exchange even outside of corporate finance. Minor purchases and interactions could often be sealed by offering up a willing hole, and if the other party didn't specifically wantyourhole, well -- everybody's got a sister, or a cousin, or a neighbor, right?
"Sex crime" basically fell off the police radar. There was just no way to verify facts and falsehood with two-thirds of the population trading pussy and ass for groceries and show tickets. And it was especially hard to make any noise if you were poor -- or worse, a foreigner. Lots of modded-up white boys roamed the streets making "deals" with easy prey. You get a nice fuck in front of your friends and neighbors, and we get to hear you cum on a big white cock! At least, that was their perspective on it all. Having Manny with me deterred some of that attention, but he was no more popular than I was, with his Hispanic accent and dark brown skin.
At least in the ring, it didn't matter what color your skin was, or what you sounded like, or where you were from. All that mattered was what you could do with your training and mods, and who came out on top.
Or so we thought, anyway.
Chapter 3
SexFlex Training Center
Ewing Township, New Jersey
April 27th, 2069
10:46 P.M.
"Aw'right, now try'n wrap his waist so you can throw 'em with your hips," Mackey instructed, watching with folded arms while our training assistant, Jay, pinned me to the practice mat. We were in a far corner of the U.B.S.-affiliate gym in north Trenton, and Jay's natural 8-incher was buried halfway into me while he waited for my reversal. I was focused on my breathing, rather than his admiring hazel-green eyes, and hardly registered his surprised yelp when I cinched his torso between my strong thighs and abruptly wrenched him off his knees. He tumbled onto his side, and I used the momentum to roll myself on top, still gripping his cock inside me, prepared to initiate a split-saddle milking.
"Gewd, gewd -- pause there," Mackey stepped over and dropped to a squat beside us. "See how you still got your toes tucked 'neath his thigh? Gotta get that outta there during the roll or a bigger guy's gonna crush that sucker 'fore you can get in position." He patted my heel and I slipped the foot out from beneath Jay, planting my toes on the mat so that I was straddling his crotch in a bent-kneed split. "Bettah," Mackey nodded.
I was wearing just a heather-gray sports bra and had my thick, dark locks twisted up in a bun that was becoming increasingly more frayed as we continued the training session. Jay was naked -- beachy-body and short, sandy hair glistening with sweat as he lay flat on his back beneath me.
"You sayin' I'm small?" He smirked up at my white-haired mentor.
"For the big leagues? You're a shrimp, boih," Mackey's Cajun accent colored his speech intermittently, like someone trying to break an old habit. He'd said he never lived in Louisiana, but with a last name like Lapérouse, I wouldn't have been surprised if he'd told me he was the founder of Old Orleans. His snow white hair was swept back from his face with meticulous combing, and he wore a dignified, cream-colored sweater above his straight-leg khakis. His face had always looked, to me, like it belonged to somebody else. It was clear enough that he'd had a lot of work done, but he'd never go into detail about it. Used to say a body is just a shell, and that "it's the ghost inside what matters."
"Go easy on her, Jay -- she's squishy," a sarcastic voice drew our attention, and I locked eyes with Jay's older sister, Allie, as she strode by. Allie was Borg-5 tier -- basically a half-human blonde bimbo with big muscles and a bigger ego. She'd always seemed to have it out for me, for some reason, and clearly didn't love that her brother was helping me train. She tossed her long, platinum hair as she continued on toward the back of the gym, where the more thoroughly-modded competitors trained.
"Ignore her, she was born bitchy," Jay said from the floor, and I stood up from his crotch without looking at him. His stiff, white pecker jumped against the cool air of the gym, glistening with our combined juices under the vaulted, fluorescent ceiling panels. Allie was lucky we'd never be matched up in the ring -- not unless one of us had a cock grafted on to join the shem-lete league. But that was more of a spectacle than a sport. And I'd heard even synthetic balls were a nightmare to get kicked in.
"Let's grab a wohter break, then reconvene for some grapples," Mackey spoke up. I looked at him and nodded, then headed for the mineral fountains. SexFlex was a great gym chain -- they had practice mats, weight sets, multi-grav machines, saunas, even a mod doc on hand to tinker with any misbehaving implants. Plus, that particular branch was only a short autocab ride from the apartment, so I didn't have to bother Manny for the car keys. Even with the relative wealth I'd achieved through years of blood, sweat, and cum, I still never had the patience for upkeep and storage of a car. So if I couldn't walk or transit to the few places I went out to, I'd sometimes borrow my brother's flashy chrome pickup.
The gym's drinking fountains were centered between the masc-lete and femme-lete training areas, and I glanced over to the other side while I tripped the laser and lowered my head to drink. There was a crowd gathered around one of the training mats, mostly low-tier guys and gym rags, by the look of them. I finished slurping and wiped my mouth as I stood to see what was going on, then saw a pair of slender white legs briefly flip above the heads of the onlookers. A reactive cheer and some laughter followed, and I decided to investigate.
As I got close I heard some mechanical whirring and a rising cry of painful pleasure, then a hard fleshy slap, and a deep, cruel laugh. I pressed a couple of training assistants aside and peered through the first row of onlookers to see a huge pile of SynDerm muscles folding a little blonde waif in half on the mat, punishing her nethers with his hips. And when I say folding, I mean literally -- her toes were mushed to the floor on either side of her head, and her eyes were rolling back in her skull. Another rubbery rag, enjoying a particularly brutal session with a big-timer.
The pile of ivory muscle splitting her crotch like a pile driver was Brawnswick, a Borg-7 monster from New York -- a real prince of pricks, in every sense of the word. His dad had been a U.B.S. legend, before he got disqualified from the league for illegal modding. And Brawnswick inherited every iota of dear old dad's flagrant sociopathy.
"What the fuck is he doing here?" I wondered out loud. I didn't actually expect an answer, but one of the assistants I'd pushed piped up.
"He's on a book tour, popping into some gyms along the way for promo," the broad-chested kid pointed to a holo-banner at the edge of the mat. The illuminated stream displayed an image of Brawnswick leaping through the air, with jagged text overhead that read "BATTLE & THE BEAST" -- I nearly gagged.
"He can't fucking write, probly can't even read," I twisted up my face at the idea, and the kid shrugged. I would've bet real money the huge, ugly fuck didn't even know what was in the book, just paid some pencil neck to push the literary turd out for him. I watched him slaver over the crumpled body beneath him as he pumped his hips like a steam engine -- crown of short, silver bolts embedded around his head glinting in the light from above. His limbs were massive, and wreathed with embossed red serpents. Their scales were textured on his synthetic flesh, and their tails converged at the rippling center of his chest, above his 12-pack of thick abdominal bricks.
The spring-jointed fuckmeat getting flattened on the mat let out a high-pitched, groaning wail as Brawnswick climaxed deep in her guts. His girthy bitchbreaker was almost a foot and a half long, thicker than my wrist, and connected to a SemSac pump that churned out absurd volumes of biologically natural spunk. He threw his big, bald head back and growled at the sky as the girl beneath him swelled like a human condom. After a moment, the jizz overload gushed around his cock and soaked the mat in a thick, white puddle under his knees.
When he moved to stand up, grin plastered on his sweatless, bear-like face, the mumbling rag slid from his massive cock in a daze and splatted down into the mess below. She was fine, mostly, apart from looking five months pregnant with celebrity cum. The crowd broke out into applause and I felt disgusted. It was one thing to hulk out on a wrestler in the ring, but these gym rags were limp fish in tiny barrels. It wasn't impressive, it was cheap and pointless. People swarmed him asking for autographs anyway, and he markered a big, bold "BW" onto tits and duffel bags as they were offered up to him. I turned and headed back to my section with a flustered scowl.
Chapter 4
Capital Center Mega-Mall
Downtown Trenton, New Jersey
April 29, 2069
6:14 P.M.
If I had to describe downtown Trenton in two words I'd say something like "glittery shithole," with emphasis on the shithole part. The grimy storefronts strobed with neon displays and holo-banners advertising all kinds of deals and discounts. The cheerful faces of the models on the LED window panes contrasted harshly with the frowning, tired mugs of the broke employees behind the counters. And the air smelled like sweaty ass anywhere that it wasn't being filtered and conditioned by humming roof units sucking power from the flimsy municipal solar grid.
The states had solved much of their urban smog problem with the advent of widespread electric vehicle manufacturing -- but at almost the very same time, they started shackling women in the hot sun and letting the unwashed masses stuff them full of bodily fluids that dripped and soaked into the sidewalks. Even with regular hosings between "shift" changes, there was no ridding the streets of that musky fuck smell that permeated the universal downtown experience.
I was waiting at the Hanover Street crosswalk with Penny, who'd picked me up for a trip to the mall, and I was already regretting the black beanie I'd chosen to wear instead of just washing and combing my damn hair. The cool weather from the start of the week had turned abruptly hot, and I could feel sweat beading from my temples as we stood surrounded by other waiting mall-goers.
Unlike me, in my baggy brown tee and white sneakers, Penny looked cute and coordinated in her pink spandex shorts and heart-patterned crop top. Her wavy, auburn hair was tucked up at the nape of her neck with a little plastic clip, and she wasn't sweating at all. I could feel the eyes on us, and on my bare legs, without even turning to look. But the Battle-brands on our necks proved effective enough in warding off any wandering hands.
The bright lines of the crosswalk shifted from red to white, and we milled over the street in a disorganized mass to reach the five-story monument to capital and luxury. We passed a row of rubber stocks outside the main entrance, and I mistakenly made eye contact with a bearded walrus pumping his prick into a yodeling brunette sporting big silicone knockers. I could tell from the little flicker of a grin before I looked away that he'd be imagining he was finishing inside me instead of her, out there.
"Hello and welcome to Capital Center! Can I offer you a puck guide?" The docent at our row of safety scanners was wearing some silky white garters and stockings, as well as some frilly, elastic cuffs on her upper arms. Her smile was as perky as her little pink nipples, and as authentic as her cute pale tits. You could always tell which commercial Pets were volunteers, and which were forcibly contracted, simply by their enthusiasm.
"No, thanks -- we're just browsing," I said, quirking the corners of my lips as politely as I could manage.
"Okay! Well, if you change your mind, you know where to find us!" She chirped, and then turned to the next guests to repeat her spiel. Penny and I passed through the scanners without tripping any alarms -- our mods were simple enough, not likely to bomb any storefronts or give any kids cancer -- and we headed for the spiral escalators up to the third floor.
"I heard there's a new bubble tea spot on the roof cafe, we should try it out when we're done shopping," Penny smiled at me as we departed the escalator and merged with the schools of people strolling the long, tiled walkways.
"Mmh, I've never really liked that stuff, tapioca makes my stomach hurt for some reason," I patted my lean tummy and thanked any listening gods for the sweet relief of air conditioning inside the mall. I'd been about ready to ditch my beanie outside, but it looked like I'd be spared the embarrassment.
"They have jelly and aloe vera balls, too -- you could try those!"
"We'll see. Maybe I'll just try some of yours." Penny was one of the few "eternal optimists'' that I could tolerate for extended periods of time. She was just so damn sweet -- not in a diabetic, baby-voice, Barbie kind of way, more like she justcared. She would text me vids she thought I'd find funny, drag me out of my nest when I hadn't seen the sun for a week, and ask me how I was doing -- likeactuallydoing, no one word answers allowed.
She was kind of everything that I wasn't, and I think that's why we just worked. Her face was youthful and she had these bright, sparkly teal eyes that she swore were all natural. I didn't believe her but it didn't really matter, they were pretty, and they suited her. At Org-2 she was just one tier below me in the league, but we had a pretty similar build. She was what guys lovingly referred to as a "PAWG," but her bust was even more modest than mine. Whatever I thought of her as a wrestler, she was a decent human being outside the ring. And that was a rare thing in those days.
We'd headed to the mall just to get out into the world, but also to feed her crippling addiction to running shoes. The girl must have owned 20 pairs, all sorted by color and brand, with soles suited to every terrain a person could run on. She preferred natural, outdoor exercise to the treadmills of places like SexFlex, but still hit the traditional practice mats for league training. We let the mall crowds carry us in a meandering stream, window-shopping and people-watching until we were deposited outside of TRAK, a favorite sporting goods store in those parts.
I followed her through the large glass mouth of the shrine to human fitness, and up to one of the many walls of single-shoe displays. The miniature shelves stretched way up over our heads, but there was a scrollable pinscreen that let you view all the offerings up close.
"Ohh I hope they got a new shipment of the Playmore ProShocks!" Penny shimmied excitedly as she swiped through the digital display, flashing past all kinds of colors and designs.
"Are those special or something?" I asked, picking up a porous, yellow sneaker that if you removed the laces, could easily be mistaken for an oddly shaped sponge.
"I had a pair of regular Shocks last year, but Ren left them on the patio while he was vacuuming and they got rained on," Penny frowned. "These are supposed to be water-repellent AND reflect ambient light for night runs." Ren was Penny's boyfriend, and lived with her in the house she rented in Morrisville, just across the Delaware. They'd been together for a little over a year, and had met at a league press event. He fancied himself a journalist, but was really more of a niche blogger with a major hard-on for U.B.S. girls.
Most guys wouldn't dream of dating a league femme-lete -- either for fear of getting their junk mangled, or watching bigger guy's mangle their girlfriend's junk on TV -- but Ren seemed to be into it. He was Penny's biggest fan, even though her record was something like 6-40 at that point. I personally think he just had some kind of deep-seated cuckold kink, and got off watching his girl get whipped around and stuffed in front of millions of people. But they seemed happy together, so what did I care?
"Evening ladies, can I help you find anything?" A tall attendant with chocolate skin and long, red hair approached us with a smile. Their TRAK uniform was a velvety leotard with stripes running down the sides. The one-piece looked oddly comfortable.
"Hi, yes do you have any of the new ProShocks in stock, size 7?" Penny sparkled.
"'Fraid not, we can't seem to keep those around for more than a few hours after the truck comes by," the attendant offered an apologetic pout. "But! If you're open to it, we do have some new Sezan PolyGlides I can show you. The colorblend fabrics are gorgeous." Penny lamented, then agreed to see the other option, never one to pass up a new shoe introduction.
I watched the two of them pore over the expensive selections at first, until I got bored and pulled my phone out from my bra, sinking into a silvery beanbag chair nearby. I scrolled through a few notifications about the alliance between China and Brazil, a new spray-on makeup approved for market testing, and a release date announcement for the new Sperminator movie, starring Angie Whoresall. The first two had been smash hits, and the new one was rumored to be a director's cut, with all the hardcore penetration scenes left in, unfiltered.
I texted the link to Manny, then popped open my browser to check the U.B.S. lineups for the coming week. I already knew I had a match in a few days with Bryce Abaddon, but I hadn't bothered to look over the rest of the schedule. Penny had a match the night after me. Manny was on a by-week. And Allie had a match over the weekend. I swiped across the screen to see who she was up against, and almost choked on my own spit.
***
"I'm sure she'll be fine, he's only two tiers up from her -- she can handle it," Penny held her honeydew bubble tea up to the light and swirled it around, watching the little yogurt balls dance at the bottom.
"Yeah but she's only been Borg-5 for a few months, and she never wrestled Brawnswick when she was still Org-4," I was sitting cross-legged on the astroturf of the mall's roof cafe, looking out through the glass panels that acted as guard rails.
"Well that's why there's a ref, and rules. He may be a maniac but he can't just do whatever he wants in the ring." She offered me a sip from her oversized straw, and I waved a hand to decline. My stomach was already feeling unsettled, even without the tapioca. Why did I give a shit what happened to that blonde bitch? She'd had nothing but contempt for me since I entered the league a year behind her. The nicest thing she'd ever said to me was that my "ass looked like an implant," and I know she hadn't meant it as a compliment.
"Doesn't that itch?" Penny gestured to the wispy green fibers arrayed against the warm lips of my bare puss.
"Naw, she's mostly dead inside, like me," I joked, grinning and pretending to knock on my smooth cooter to listen for an echo.
"Must take all the fun out of the bedroom for you," she play-pouted.
"Who has fun in the bedroom anymore?"
"Me and Ren do!"
"Really? He doesn't get self-conscious?"
"Why would he?"
"I dono, maybe 'cause the pieces those guys are packing in the ring could put a bull moose to shame?" I laughed.
"Nah, he doesn't care about that. I don't either. It's different with him, outside the ring," Penny suckled at her straw and watched the horizon, as the sunset burned it down behind a veil of pink clouds. With all our modified elasticity and enzyme injections, Ren really didn't have to worry about his girl becoming too loose, or infected -- no matter how many ring rags the masc-letes buried themselves in before her. I watched Penny sip on her tea. I was happy that she was happy. Sometimes the world was still good, I tried to remember that.
"How do the shoes feel?" I flicked the purple-hued toe of her new PolyGlides and she smiled.
"They're a little stiff, but they'll wear in. Gonna go for a run tonight I think, wanna come?"
"No thanks, Manny'll eat all the leftovers if I'm not there to claim mine for dinner."
"How come you guys are still living together, anyway?" The question wasn't meant to be judgemental, but it still caught me off guard.
"Uhh, I guess... it's kind of a cultural thing. Back home, families stayed together. Even when the kids grew up, if you weren't still living at home you visited for dinner most nights. I think if we didn't have each other... we'd kind of feel lost."
"You must miss your parents," Penny placed a tea-chilled hand on my knee.
"Yeah. I do. We talked about bringing them here. At first they didn't want to leave home, and by the time they were ready to consider it, all the rules had changed." There had been an attack at the Mexican border in '65, and the I.S.A. government was convinced it was the work of Cartels, or Coyotes, or even Brazilian ops that channeled up through Central America. But whoever was behind it, the border got locked down, and ports on all the coasts were put on permanent high alert. The tension was palpable, and even naturalized citizens like me and my brother could feel the heat rising for anyone who didn't "look like they belonged."
"I'm sorry," Penny looked genuinely sad.
"Not your fault. And I still talk to them now and then. They're safe, mostly. Over in Ecuador with some relatives."
"That's good. If there's ever anything I can do..."
"I know. Thanks, Pen," I offered a slight smile and patted her hand on my knee. Short of running for president and lifting the paranoid national lockdown, I didn't think there would be any way she could really help. But stranger candidates had won elections in the states before, so who could say?
We made our way back inside the mall as the sky outside turned a bruised shade of violet, and we rode the escalators back down to the first floor. Outside a lingerie store we passed a woman in a silky, scarlet sash, on her knees getting facefucked by a security guard. The woman looked too posh for debt relief, but the sash spoke for itself, and her slobbery gagging was as good for advertising as anyone else's.
"I think I know that lady," Penny said, hushed, as she looked over her shoulder. I looked too but all I could see was the guard's ass above his dropped pants, and the posh woman's tits pulled out from her blouse.
"Who is she?" I asked.
"Can't remember her name, but she showed me some houses before I found the one I'm at now."
"Guess times are tough in the realty game," I raised my eyebrows.
"Guess so."
We pushed through the crowd at the stocks outside the mall entrance, and crossed the street back to the parking garage. Penny's little yellow coupe was on the third floor, and I paid for the parking since she was kind enough to pick me up. The whole way home I was thinking about Allie, and Brawnswick, and my parents. When I shut the door to the car Penny smiled and told me not to worry -- that things would get better, I just needed to be positive.
I know she meant well, and I appreciated it. But as I rode the elevator up to the 14th floor, my stomach still felt strangely queasy.
Chapter 5
Lafayette Highrise Apartments, #1406
Trenton, New Jersey
April 29, 2069
11:42 P.M.
"¡Hijole, Manny! I'm gonna start making you take sponge baths if you're always gonna hog the shower!" I blatted my palm against the electronic door to our shared bathroom, wearing just a green bra and holding two fluffy white towels tucked under one arm. My vanity-prone sibling was notorious for his long grooming sessions, scrubbing and shaving every inch of himself that still grew hair and produced sweat. He always emerged from the bathroom in a cloud of fragrant steam, looking like a 6'3" newborn babe with an angular face and muscular hypertrophy.
I could hear him crooning along badly to some Bluetooth hyperpop, and knew he either couldn't hear me or wasn't listening, so I huffed and dragged myself to the couch. The puffy, black leather cushions wheezed around me as I commanded our 70-inch pinscreen to turn on and start the Discovery app. There seemed to be fewer and fewer shows about nature and wildlife over the years, but I always enjoyed watching little furry guys bumbling around and being cute.
As if she'd read my thoughts, Rhino appeared on the back of the couch and pranced behind my head, purring as she slunk down my chest to twitch her tail in my face.
"Well hey there, princess," I smirked, scritching the rump of my blue Chartreux while she purred and arched her back. She turned and nuzzled her fuzzy head against my boob before looking up at me with her sunny, yellow eyes. I'd asked Manny once if he was copying her with his own iris implants, and he'd vehemently denied it. The plump kitty permitted me another few moments of affection, before disappearing to tend to the rest of her nightly agenda, whatever it may have been. Then the prodigal son of primping finally emerged from his domain.
"Hey puss!" He made kissy noises at Rhino as she trotted by him, and she paid him no mind.
"Any water left in there?" I asked smugly without turning from my plush seat.
"Just the recycled kind," he joked, "but don't worry -- it always smells better after it washes me." He strode naked into the living room, toweling his pits and dripping onto the recombined hardwood. His 12-inch, satin-black cock with the flared head hung limply between his powerful thighs, significantly darker in color than the rest of his body. He'd dropped almost $12k on the thing, tuning it the way a street racer soups up an engine. Like most masc-lete cocks, it was composed of a DuraMAX SynDerm blend for sprain and friction-burn resistance, and connected to little SemSac and EverHARD pumps implanted along his perineum. He'd sprung for a urethral splitter, so that his piss wouldn't get clogged behind waves of ejaculate, as well as the flared head that not only looked imposing, but made it just a little bit harder for femme-letes to dislodge the thing during a match.
He was Borg-5, like Allie, but much more muscular. That was due in part to little electrodes implanted into his major muscle groups that gave him a somewhat constant workout, based on a "regimen" schedule laid out by his trainer. Some guys, like Brawnswick, went to the extreme of total muscular replacement in certain areas, but there was always a risk of rejection. And once you took the organic muscle out, it was pretty much impossible to put it back in.
"Do not get the couch all wet -- it'll start disintegrating like the last one," I smacked one of my towels at him as I stood to get in the shower.
"Yes, ma'am," he grinned, and told the pinscreen to switch over to a music app.
The bathroom smelled like sandalwood and joint grease. Manny's left knee had been jamming up since a match with a Borg-6 femme-lete named Yoko damaged the synthetic joint. He'd been greasing it with at-home injections hoping he wouldn't need a total replacement, since he'd just splurged on a new sound system for his truck. I always told him he needed to be more careful with his money, but I couldn't blame him, really. For a long time we weren't used to having any. So when wrestling finally started paying some decent dividends, we bought a lot of the things we'd been wanting but couldn't have.
Over time we upped our mods, he got a car, I bought a high-end pinscreen and app package, and we rented a decent apartment in an area that didn't have gunshots lulling us to sleep at night. The Lafayette tower complex was definitely overpriced for the size and quality of the units, but it was close to the river, and Cadwalader Park, and downtown Trenton -- for what that was worth. We didn't mind. It was ours, and we finally had separate bedrooms -- which made things much less awkward when he would bring home another of his little fangirls to pound into his mattress all night long.
I stepped into a shower cube speckled all over with dark little hairs and cursed under my breath. But I'd leave it at that, because half the time when the drain needed snaking it was a clump of my own soapy sheddings that was to blame. I unclasped my bra and tossed it onto the sink, before spinning the shower dial to create a scalding waterfall from the grated panel overhead. I let it soak my hair and relax my shoulders as another day's frustration melted down the drain. The little illuminated switch on the wall in front of me was supposed to dispense body wash into the stream, but it kept flashing yellow which meant that my brother had used it up.
"Hijo de..." I muttered, leaning out from the opening in the glass partition to smack my hand around on the stone shelf for a bar of soap. I didn't care if I had to lather up like a caveman, I just wanted to go to bed. The little ivory bar slid around easily up my ribs, beneath my pits, between my tits. I let myself enjoy the vague stimulation of excessively soaped nipples, and wished slightly that my abused clit had the same capacity for excitement anymore. Femme-lete orgasms in the ring weren't worth any round points, like masc-lete orgasms were -- but they could be handy for wearing us down.
My first couple of years in the amateur circuits, the guys mostly fumbled around my pussy like virgins on prom night. But once I made the big time, even on the lower rungs, I was being matched with some virtuosos of the female instrument. In my third month after getting signed, a guy named Percy Pinklove cinched my arms overhead with his legs, and rubbed my clit raw until I was gushing over the first row of the arena audience. By the time my eyes quit swirling around in my head he had me laid flat on my stomach, and was filling my ass with so much cum that I swore I could taste it on the back of my tongue.
Even so, my ratio was still better than lots of other girls in the league. I was 49-71 in the Spring of '69 -- and only the really hardcore vaginal terrors had a positive ratio, so being even close to a 50-50 split was impressive. It was always obvious that the sport was intended to favor the super-cocks and the jerks who owned them, but it was still more real than the classical TV wrestling of our forebears. We kept some of the silly names, the dramatic performances, and of course the adrenaline fixation -- but none of the scripting or other fakery. What you saw was what you got. And every win was as real as the full-body soreness coma the next day.
I hummed one of mom's favorite old songs, La Rebelion, while I washed and conditioned my hair. I'd spoken to her a week earlier, on the phone. She and papá were staying in a little cabin on the coast with a cousin, and she sounded serene. She told me they were fishing their food and reading books by candlelight, living off-grid. I envied the idea, a little bit. She said they missed us, and that we had to come visit when things settled down and got back to normal. I didn't want to disrupt the fantasy by telling her I wasn't sure that would happen, so I just said we would do that, and that I loved her.
The water from overhead started cooling down, so I knew it was coming time to return to reality. My silky sheets awaited, as did Rhino who would reluctantly settle into the crook of my knees once I was good and settled. Manny would probably be up for another three or four hours trawling around wrestling message boards and shocking people who didn't believe he was really THE "Minotaur" -- he never stopped getting a kick out of the little bits of fame that followed us out into the world. But he'd be in his room, on the other side of the apartment, and his boyish laughter wouldn't penetrate the many layers of sleep that washed over me well past sunrise.
Chapter 6
Bulldog Bar
Fieldsboro, New Jersey
May 7, 2069
8:24 P.M.
"Sal -- Sal! Can you turn it up?" I gestured to the bartender standing beneath the jumbo pinscreen above the center island of bottle racks. Bulldog was a popular haunt for U.B.S. fans, and I'd go there with Manny sometimes to watch matches that interested me. It was a decent way to study opponents, and the drinks were generous, too.
"... times known as the Blonde Bomber, measuring 6' even and weighing in at 210 pounds -- Allie, Suuuuuuunnnn!" One of the announcer's voices became audible over the crowded chatter and droning music of the semi-sports bar. Plenty of people were just there for greasy food and topless servers, but the real league fans were mostly gathered around the bar top with my brother and I.
On the screen, Allie strutted confidently down the colorfully lit walkway, between the thunderous sections of fans filling the arena seats. Her shiny platinum mane was pulled tightly back into a banded ponytail, with additional ties every few inches to keep it from coming loose. She wore a fluttery, pink, kimono-style robe that teased her sculpted thighs with every step toward the ring. Close behind her was the little entourage of her trainer, her mod doc, and her sponsor rep -- a beady-eyed man wearing a Cosmos Cosmetics lanyard around his skinny neck.
Allie reached the edge of the mat where her "stool" -- they were more like large, egg-shaped chairs -- was waiting for her. The fiddly music that accompanied her entrance swelled as she slid the robe from her body and tossed it into the air, sending the audience into a frenzy of cheers while she greeted them with a raised-arm turn. Her peachy tits were large and firm, and branded with little SD initials like her thighs, and mine. She had a slim waist and rocking biceps, which she flexed beneath the spotlights as she finished her showy little spin. Then the music gradually transitioned, and the announcer spoke up again.
"And her opponent tonight: standing at 6'9" and weighing 305 pounds, the Mountain Man, the Battle Beast, the Undefeated -- the one, the only, Brawnswiiiiiiiiick!" Apocalyptic drums and horns reverberated through the arena, and mostly male voices howled with admiration for the massive creature thudding down the opposite walkway through the stands. He wore a ragged black cloak that covered his head and face from view, as the frayed edges swept along behind each heavy step of his cinder block feet. His trainer was a pallid man with a grim face, who had the physique of a street boxer beneath his sleeveless black vest and slacks.
Brawnswick's trainer arranged a few squeeze bottles around their team's stool, and the sponsor rep from Zeta Firm scanned the audience without expression. Zeta Firm was a defense contractor, and the rep didn't need a lanyard because his black and white fatigues with the huge ZF on the back made it pretty clear who he was. My hand involuntarily tightened around my whiskey cola when the bald-headed hell brute emerged from his black cloak, and the spotlights bathed his rippling mass in harsh shadows.
He somehow looked even larger on the screen than he had at the gym. He was impossibly broad, and had the kind of swollen muscles in his neck, obliques, and calves that could only be achieved through implants. I'm certain other muscles were implanted too, but those were the most obvious, to me. His firehose of a cock was rippled with smooth chrome studs like one of those Japanese Kanabō clubs, and the shaft was the same deep red shade as the serpent tattoos that encircled his limbs. As it stirred to life just above his reinforced knees, you could make out a dark ring near its base, where it connected to his hairless crotch. I lifted my glass to my lips and finished the remaining half of it, rattling the ice when I dropped my hand back down to the counter.
"Fucker's barely human," Manny shook his head, watching the beast indent the mat beneath his feet. I wondered what the chances were that Brawnswick's Borg-7 classification was fake. He was just too damnbig.
"Another one?" Sal stepped into view.
"Huh? Oh, yeah -- please," I relinquished my empty glass so he could fill a new one for me. On screen the ref stepped onto the mat in his black and gold jersey, and motioned for the two wrestlers to join him at the center of the large, round ring. There were no ropes, no turnbuckles, just a row of metal railings set a few feet back from the edges of the large, padded blue mat. There had to be 10,000 people packed into the building. High-tier matches always drew the biggest crowds.
"Let's have a fair fight tonight -- no ring-outs, no breakers, and if you hear 'Mercy' you drop the hold then and there. Got it?" The ref looked from one face to the other, and both competitors nodded. Allie looked determined, Brawnswick looked straight-up hungry. They were sent briefly back to their stools for a final team chat before the match began, and so that the ringside girl with the "ROUND 1" sign could strut around the edge of the mat in her glittery gold heels and nothing else. The girl holding the signs that night was Celeste, a gorgeous black vixen with long, kinky curls and an absolute dump truck of an ass. She wasn't a Pet or anything, more like a league model/mascot. The closest thing U.B.S. had to cheerleaders.
When Celeste finished her lap, the ref called the wrestlers back into the ring, raised his arm in the air, then dropped it to signal the electronic starting bell. Brawnswick wasted no time -- he was quick for his enormous size, and lunged across the mat with a leering grin painted onto his face. He aimed to circle Allie's hips and sweep her up into a bear hug, but she managed to sidestep and duck out of his grasp. I didn't like her, but she was good. Her win rate was higher than mine, at 67-73 -- but Brawnswick had never been defeated in his six-year career. He entered the league at Borg-5, and was always out of tier for me, so I honestly never really watched his matches. I knew about him, everyone did, but I didn't really care. He was one of those sadists who got into the sport for the misogyny of it all, not the spirit of primal competition. So I didn't care to watch or learn about him, up to then.
"Sun's going to need that speed to stay out of reach tonight, Tony, she does not want to get swept up in this guy's grip," the first announcer, Lester Graham, commented while watching from a glass box suspended above the audience.
"Absolutely -- very few femme-letes can even outmaneuver him in the ring, let alone compete with his strength. Let's just hope we at least get a show tonight." Tony Castille was relatively new in the announcer booth, since his predecessor retired at the end of the year prior.
Brawnswick turned to face his dwarfed opponent and they circled each other cautiously, searching for openings. Allie's hands flexed open and closed as she tried not to watch the huge, imposing phallus inflate to life in front of her. It filled like a hydrogen blimp beneath the deep cuts of the masc-lete's pelvis, and a heavy drop of excited precum swelled from the slit. I couldn't fathom having that ridiculous, knobby thing jammed into my guts, and I crossed my legs at the thought as Sal arrived with my refill.
Allie zigged toward the giant, and then zagged around him as he reacted. She dove to the mat just behind him and thrust a heel into the back of his knee, hoping to break his balance. But the joint barely moved, and he shot his thick hand down to seize her ankle. She tried to roll away out of his grip, but he held tight and swung her around once before tossing her tumbling across the mat. The ref gave him a cautionary look that went unheeded, as Allie climbed to her feet.
"I've heard the physical therapy for those carbon-fiber sockets is brutal, but we're seeing here exactly what a difference they can make in the ring," Tony marveled.
"Still, Brawnswick will have to watch that he doesn't go overboard with the ragdolling. Even a pro like the Undefeated can still lose on a technicality." Lester had seen it happen before, plenty of times.
Despite the combo of MMA and classical wrestling styles, there were some clear rules that had to be followed to avoid disqualification. You weren't allowed to intentionally eject your opponent from the mat, though intent could be hard to judge, and deliberation was largely up to the ref. You couldn't attempt to break or otherwise severely injure your opponent's body -- even the wholly synthetic parts. And if either opponent cried "Mercy" at any point during the match, it was an automatic forfeit, and their counterpart had to immediately release or get clear of them. Obviously, it could be hard to enunciate if you had a massive cock crammed down your throat, so a hand sign could also serve as a Mercy forfeit. You just had to raise your fingers to the ref in -- ironically -- an "OK" symbol, in order for him to call the match.
I'd never cried Mercy yet, which had earned me the uncreative ring moniker of "No." As in, Mia "No" Murcia. It was a point of pride for me that I'd never surrendered to anyone. I'd only been beaten by bigger and/or better opponents. And sometimes that pride came with a fair amount of pain. I watched Allie slide under a single-arm sweep from Brawnswick, and then slam herself against his back, causing him to stumble forward a couple steps before recovering. Even through the distant perspective of the screen stream, I could detect the intimidation growing on her face, and in her posture. She could barely move the guy. And she'd need to do a lot more than that if she was going to win.
Since she couldn't match his strength, she only had two options: wear him down with superior speed until his strength waned, or let him have his way and then try for a last-moment pullout. She was poised to try the first method, bolting around him again -- but the decision was made for her when he caught her platinum ponytail in his fist. He wrenched her backward and her feet kicked out as her body went horizontal in the air. Her mouth formed a stunned O before her back and ass plowed into the mat, sending her bare tits wobbling dumbly. Then she was swallowed up by his shadow as he rolled over top of her.
She threw her hands up to catch his huge forearm, and they wound up pinned above her head like they'd been in the path of a falling tree trunk. Her hips lifted from the mat to dig both her heels into his hips, but her legs folded easily under his weight as his brutal cock targeted her snatch. It was like a sanguine, rippling missile as it plunged between her thighs, burying 9 wide inches into her guts in one go. Allie threw her head back in a surprised cry and flexed her kegels to splatter lube from her vaginal dispensers. It's not like her pussy couldn't produce it naturally, but sometimes in the ring you needed a lot of it, fast. And it could be a great help when trying to milk a guy. I'd just gotten mine the previous summer, and would still sometimes dispense them accidentally when I'd sneeze.
"That is not the position she wants to be in," Lester shook his head, "any more of that shaft gets in there and she'll be singing like a bird 'til he creams her for a first round point."
"She's still got her feet tucked, but unless she can shift that big forearm I don't see how she'll get out from under there." The screen would occasionally switch to shots of Tony and Lester at their transparent desk, and pans of the crowd gyrating in their seats, before returning to a close shot of the ring. The ref was on his belly, watching closely to make sure no illegal moves escaped his notice.
With his free hand, Brawnswick seized Allie's left ankle and tugged it from his hip, allowing his mass to fall another 4 inches toward her. Shimmery lube splashed from her slit as another stretch of chrome-studded girth tunneled into her, and she tried to wrench her wrists free overhead. The buff ogre pushed her foot up toward her wrists, to the farthest point it could handle, and then started pounding.
The sounds emanating from the sweating blonde on the mat were hard to read from so far away. They weren't all that different from the ones made by the gym rag Brawnswick pummeled at SexFlex -- just tinged with more frustration. He jerked and thrusted his thick, white hips as the studs on his cock tortured Allie's clit. I couldn't see her face from that angle, but her legs were starting to shake visibly. She was making no progress getting her hands free from his arm, and seemed to almost resign herself to a point loss.
"He's getting close -- she still has a chance to reverse, if she can somehow find the strength," Tony's voice underscored the shot on screen. Brawnswick's bulbous glutes flexed harder and more deliberately, and I saw Allie's one foot remaining on his hip curl its toes. Her calf bulged, her thigh strained, and then -- a massive deluge of mod-pumped, gooey jizz exploded into her stretched-out hole, flooding her guts as the crowd erupted in the stands. Brawnswick lifted and dropped his hips a couple more times for good measure, sending ropey splatters of overflowed cum onto the blue padding around them, and watching Allie's face screw up with pleasure and disgust.
"Fuck," I stomped the foot railing beneath the bartop with my heavy-soled black boot. It's not like I was a fan of either of the two wrestlers, but at least Allie was sort of in the same trenches as me, in a way.
"She can still come back, that's only round 1," Manny said from beside me, before picking up a meaty chicken wing and tearing into it. He was almost as optimistic as Penny. I was surrounded by a brigade of sunshine soldiers.
"Sun has found her feet and they still seem to work, though a little wobbly," Lester announced, "we'll see if her team has any helpful advice to keep her from a second-round elimination. And in the meantime, we'll go to commercial." The pinscreen frosted over with a dreary 90-second spot about Zeta Firm and how they're the only contractor who can keep you safe from the "border hordes" -- I scoffed and decided it was a good time for a piss.
When I got back, Manny was signing some little brunette thing's tits, with chicken grease all over his mouth, and she returned the favor with a sharpie phone number on his palm. He waved it at me with a flick of his eyebrows as I retook my seat, and I rolled my eyes. The screen had returned to the match, and showed the competitors on their stools sipping from squeeze bottles and nodding at their trainers. A couple of U.B.S. cleaner Pets were toweling Brawnswick's heavy load from the mat, and Allie was trying to force the rest out of her guts onto the concrete.
Refractory periods were a thing of the past for U.B.S. masc-letes. With all the tech between their thighs, they could feasibly cum every couple of minutes, for hours, until the chemical flood to their brain made them go cross-eyed. Thankfully they only needed to cum twice per match, unless there was some kind of technicality. Brawnswick's bulging, red member was still raging with a steady blood supply, true to the EverHARD guarantee. The ref stepped back out onto the mat and beckoned the wrestlers to join him, as Celeste made another lap with her "ROUND 2" sign. Allie looked a little sluggish, but the determination hadn't left her eyes.
The ref dropped his arm, the bell sounded, and Allie moved toward the mountain she needed to climb. Her inner thighs were slick with lube and jizz, and her posh face was matted with sweat. Brawnswick looked, at most, a little red in the face -- but that redness turned to surprise when Allie leapt around his torso and wrapped him like a squid with her limbs.
"Well that's a new technique," Tony laughed. "What's the plan here, for Sun?"
"Could be her brain got scrambled by that first load -- she's either hungry for more of that beastly cock or just wants to get this thing over with, seems like." Lester shook his old, gray head with an amused grin.
Brawnswick seized Allie's waist, almost able to close his fingers around it, and shoved her away until her ankles locked behind his ribs. She had his head smothered into her chest, and her strong arms flexed around the crown of bolts above his ears. With her body pushed far enough back, the giant, horrible cock beneath her had room to angle up and plunge into her guts again.
"What the fuck, is she throwing it?" Manny gestured at the screen, sounding almost disappointed. I didn't know, so I didn't say. Allie kept her ankles and arms locked, even as the huge mitts gripping her waist began pumping her up and down onto the cum-cannon that was poised to finish the match. Her skin looked shimmery under the spotlights, and I didn't envy the sensation of getting railed by that monster.
"Another moment here and this will have been a very short match, even for the Beast," Tony flicked his pen as he spoke.
I could barely make out the guttural sound of Brawnswick's excited grunting. He didn't seem to mind having his face buried in Allie's fleshy tits, and was basically using her tight body to jerk himself off. He widened his stance a bit, rutting his hips upward as he got close, and the crowd started to chant.
"Fill! Fill! Fill! Fill!" It was like a battle cry from some crazed tribe of fanatics. It drowned out any sounds from the ring. Brawnswick tunneled Allie's abdomen, bulging her muscular core with each deep, savage plunge, until his huge hairless balls twitched, and he started to spurt.
The moment she felt the twitch between her thighs, Allie exerted all of her strength to haul herself up -- using the bald head in her hands for leverage -- and cleared Brawnswick's cock right as the first cummy spray jettisoned into the air.
"Holy shit!" I cried out, nearly spilling my drink. Her skin had been just slippery enough, from lube and sweat, to loosen the grip on her waist as she rocketed upward. Brawnswick's huge load arced high into the air before splattering onto the concrete between the mat and the audience. Allie clung to the orgasming beast as he stumbled backward, huge cock fountaning a gallon of pearly fluid up her back and all over the mat.
The ref stayed out of the line of fire as he called the second round for Allie, and blew the whistle for her to dismount so they could return to their stools. If Brawnswick looked red-faced at all before, he was SEEING red after that little stunt. He'd thought it was all over, and let himself be lured in by a shot at an easy victory. It was clear from the way his black eyes glared at Allie that he wanted to wrap her up again, but he pounded across the mat to his stool instead, under the ref's gaze.
"What a move by Sun! A solid reminder that size isn't everything out there." If Tony had a hat he surely would have been whipping it overhead as the round concluded.
"It's not everything but it's often most of it," Lester smirked, watching the wrestlers settle in for one more chat. "Still one round to go, stick around to see if the beauty or the beast will win the battle -- right after this ad from Cosmo Cosmetics." I turned from the screen to look at Manny with wide eyes.
"That was nuts," he laughed. "Gotta give it to her."
"That's why Mackey makes me run reversals like 70% of the time during training," I took a big swig of my drink.
"I mean, that's how I get got most of the time out there -- you lady types are little sirens, y'know?" It was true. Riding the male "pleasure wave of stupidity" was a pretty effective approach to winning a match. But it only worked when self-control wasn't a strong point for the opposing masc-lete. Even monsters like Brawnswick were susceptible to their own pride. And "ladies men" like Manny were often hopeless in the ring with an alluring enough opponent. Though his record wasn't too shabby, despite that. "Tell you what, tab's on me if she wins, yeah?" Manny grinned. I nodded and signaled Sal to bring me another.
When the sparkly cosmetics ad wrapped up, a camera followed Celeste around the mat from behind, granting a phenomenal view of her plump, dark cheeks and the huge "ROUND 3" holo-letters on her sign. The cleaning Pets had to work quickly to get the wild load up from the mat, and Allie's trainer had to towel off her ass and thighs from the heavy ricochets. There was no getting it out of the back of her hair, but it didn't matter.
"Here we go, folks, round 3 of tonight's surprisingly eventful match between Allie Sun and Brawnswick. If the newly-tiered femme-lete can best the Beast one more time, she'll unseat him from his undefeated title," Lester explained for anyone just tuning in.
"At Borg-7 he is currently the highest-tiered wrestler in the league, with an enforced cap of Borg-8 in the sport overall," Tony said.
"And only a handful of competitors have ever taken the modding that far -- or could even physically handle that degree of synthetic enhancement!"
"Yup, a few guys in the southern states, and one or two ladies in the history of U.B.S.."
Allie and Brawnswick met the ref in the ring one more time. The tall blonde's ponytail dripped with the occasional drizzle of cum, splatting onto the mat behind her. Her energy was clearly waning, but she might still have had some tricks up her non-existent sleeves. The arm came down, the bell sounded, and Brawnswick advanced. Allie kept her knees limber as she cautiously retreated, trying to read the dark, shark-like eyes of her opponent. His dribbling meat piston jutted toward her, bobbing slightly with each step.
He cornered her at the edge of the mat before spreading his bulky wings to ensnare her, but she deflected one of his arms overhead and tumbled to safety on his left side. In perhaps a desperate overestimation of her own skill, she flashed behind him, and attempted to climb his back. Maybe she thought she would be out of reach, be able to control his movement and wear him down. Maybe she thought she could execute a sleeper hold, smothering him from the other side this time. But before she crested his shoulders, he turned to face the audience, spread his arms and free-fell backwards on top of her.
The arena was half cheers and half gasps, and the ref dropped to assess her from a distance as Brawnswick rolled off to the side. She was stunned, but moving, and hadn't given up. She rocked onto one side, and was starting to push herself up when the mountainous creature grabbed her up by the arm and spun her over like a big, muscular doll. She dangled upside down as Brawnswick shifted his grip to hold her by the calves. She was suspended over his rising, red serpent -- and as she looked down to get her bearings, he plunged her onto it.
Her jaw was spring-loaded, and 14 inches of dominating fuckmeat plowed straight down her gullet. Her neck bulged like a sock while her hands smacked around his boulder-like thighs, trying to find purchase. The crowd in the arena was frenzied, and I nearly stood out of my seat. Allie's eyes were wild as she choked and spluttered, fat reams of drool swinging down from her lips as Brawnswick essentially fucked her stomach in a standing 69. He spread her legs like a wishbone and started lapping sloppily at her oozing snatch, like a football player dancing the last couple of yards to the end zone.
"Wow wow wow, that's probably the swan song for this match-up, unless Sun has any other crazy maneuvers in mind to get her out of that hold," Tony's eyebrows were raised as high as they could go.
"I don't think so -- that body drop really knocked it out of her. This was clearly not the plan at all," Lester crossed his arms on the desk and leaned forward to watch closely.
Brawnswick sauntered around the ring, savoring the pleasured quaking of Allie's thighs as he slurped and sucked at her perfect pussy lips. Even after the two recent brutalizations, they'd already snapped back into place. The elastic graft material was high quality, just like her. The gargling waterfall of spit and slime soaked Allie's face, coating her eyes as she grew tired and her arms weakened -- but still no OK sign. The huge balls dangling beneath her head gleamed with swaying spit strands that plopped onto the mat every few steps. The sloppy sack tensed up, and it looked like the match was finally drawing to a close.
Brawnswick turned and started heading for the center of the ring, gripping his human lollipop's legs out to either side and preparing to engorge her gut with a Vesuvius of creamy ball batter. But just as his cock pulsed with the first eruption -- he slipped. A viscous puddle of throat slime sent his heel out from under him, and he dropped like a bionic stone onto the mat below. He landed hard on his ass, sending his cock barrelling to the hilt down Allie's neck, and an explosion of cum surging from her lips and nose. Brawnswick was still holding her calves tightly when he landed -- and the synthetic joints in her hips gave way.
***
The arena med team took care of Allie and got her over to a clinic as quickly as possible -- she seemed dazed, and cum-drunk, but okay. Pain-limiters can be pricy, but no wrestler should be entering the ring without them because accidents do happen. The ref ruled that the slip had been an accident, and that Brawnswick had technically won the match. He remained undefeated.
The next day I texted Jay to check on him and his sister, and he said she had to get two full joint replacements, but that it was covered. I felt a wave of relief for a moment, until he told me who covered it.
"SexCorp footed the bill," he messaged. "But she's gotta be indentured for a year."
I stared at the screen, rereading it a few times before I could actually comprehend it.
"So... she's a Pet, now?" I typed back after a few minutes.
"Yeah," he finally answered. "Brawnswick leased her."
*****
Stay tuned for Book 2 to see what's next for Mia, Manny, and the Ultimate Battle of the Sexes! New characters, a glimpse into Pet life, and a trip into the seedy underworld of illegal modifications await.