After the incident with our ex-friend Mary was willing to go to a swingers party with me.
When we arrived I suggest Mary wear next to nothing. She was shy and chose to wear her bra and panties, a skirt and blouse, socks and shoes. She doesn't dress fancy and didn't own any sexy clothes before we decided to go to the party. We had purchased new shoes for her for the occasion. She had also picked up the panties for the party. They were black, lacy, and sheer.
I will mention Mary kept her pubic hair very short or shaved ever since I knew her. She tells me she has done so ever since it dared to grow in. She shaved for the party.
We got there early and it turned out we were the first couple there. After a while other couples arrived, and the women were very seductively dressed in very little clothing. Mary decided to strip down a little. She took off the skirt, swapped her blouse for my shirt, which she left open, and she said we should leave our shoes behind.
Men asked Mary to dance. The dances were slow dances, with hugging, pawing, and kissing. I danced with several other women. After many dances some guy was holding Mary's hand and Mary beckoned me over. The guy introduced himself as Don and asked if we would like to join his wife and him in the hot tub. As we were speaking a gorgeous blonde walked over, and he introduced her as his wife, Sally. Sally took me by the hand as we worked our way out toward the deck. We followed Mary and Don. Don was massaging Mary's butt as they walked. I thought that was cute. I can't do it because I'm too tall, and I can't reach Mary's butt as we walk.
As we stepped up to the hot tub Don began undressing Mary. Mary stood and let him do the work. I held Sally in my arms and massaged her cute little tits through her dress, while we stood and watched Don undress Mary. Don seemed to get Mary's bra clasps undone quickly. I've never gotten the hang of bra clasps, so I always struggle with the darn things.
Mary's new sexy little black panties slid down her tight muscular legs. Don slid his fingers into Mary's crotch as he slid his fingers back up Mary's legs. Mary spread her knees apart as Don massaged her girly bits. Don leaned Mary's head back and kissed her.
Sally reached up and pushed her dress off her shoulders. It slithered down her body and she was nude. Don and Mary broke their kiss and Don guided Mary into the hot tub. I held Sally's hand as she stepped down. By the time I settled down into the water and Sally settled onto my lap Don and Mary were kissing again. I believe Don was fingering Mary's pussy again, too.
This went on for several minutes. Then Don mentioned the hot tub was too hot and he would like to get in the pool. Mary said okay. Don got up, and his hard-on came into view as he got out of the water. He helped Mary out of the hot tub. They walked over to the pool and slid into the water. Sally said we should follow them so we did.
When we got to the pool there was another couple in the water. It did appear they were having sex. They were up against the edge of the pool about fifteen feet from the steps. The woman was facing her man with her legs wrapped around him, and they were bouncing back and forth, moaning. Mary and Don were about 5 feet from them, both facing the couple that was fucking. Mary was closest to them, with Don behind her. Don had his hands wrapped around Mary.
I sat on the steps, and Sally sat on my lap. Sally reached between our legs and began massaging my penis and balls, as I massaged her tits and pussy.
The couple who had been fucking got out of the pool and went to dry off. Mary turned around. Don and Mary began kissing, and Mary backed toward the edge of the pool. Mary's legs went up around Don and Don began rocking back and forth. Mary began moaning, fairly loudly. Normally Mary isn't very loud during sex, so that was different.
Mary had her shoulders and head on the edge of the pool and was rocking up and down as she was getting fucked. She was moaning loudly. Then she began gasping loudly and jerked several times. She settled down and leaned forward to kiss Don. Then just seconds after that she flipped around so she was facing the side of the pool, with her butt toward Don. Don began rocking into her from behind. Mary began moaning loudly again. Her moans were echoing off the wall of the house.
I was hard, Sally raised herself up and slid down over my hard-on. I continued massaging her tits and her clitty as she rode me. She whispered how hot it was to watch Don and Mary fucking. Sally whimpered a high pitched but fairly quiet wail as she bucked gently on top of me. She held my hands still after that. After a few seconds she started sliding up and down on me again and leaned back into me. She said she wanted to make sure I came in her.
I was ready to come. I watched Mary. Her back began jerking up and down and she let out a loud wail, almost a scream, as Don slammed in and out of her from behind. I erupted into Sally. I slammed up into Sally over and over, emptying my balls into her tight little cunny. I lunged up into her several times. When I was finally done with my orgasm she asked me if I was alright.
When I looked over at Don and Mary they had stopped fucking. Don was kissing Mary. Then he walked over and took Sally's hand. They got out of the pool and went to dry off.
Mary was holding out her hand to me. I got up and went over to her. She had turned back toward the side of the pool and was holding onto the edge of the pool. She let her legs drift out behind her, spread wide.
I had just come, but I was young in those days. My erection began to return. I reached down and began massaging her pussy. Mary let out a loud moan. Don and Sally looked over. Mary looked at them. Mary moaned loudly again as I finger fucked her.
My hard-on raged back, and I stepped between Mary's legs. I slid into her easily. Mary stared at her audience and moaned loudly. Don and Sally kept drying off, but they were watching Mary and me fuck. Mary writhed as I fucked her. I reached around her and fingered her clitty. She moaned loudly. Then she panted hard and then wailed. Her body shook and bucked in my arms. She was watching her audience the whole time, although her eyes would close for a second from time to time.
Then I erupted into her, adding my own come to the come swimming inside her. I grabbed her hand around her ribs and hips as I emptied my balls into her. She shook her hips and purred when I was done. After that she turned around and kissed me.
When we broke the kiss Don asked if we would like to exchange phone numbers. We picked up a few phone numbers at that party.
The adventure continued.