Melody and I have been married for nearly 10 years now. She is still a very beautiful woman, but she was ungodly hot when we met. She is 5' 2" tall, blonde hair, blue eyes, 36d-26-37 and weighs about 130 lbs. Most of her weight is in her chest. Due to the fact that she has put on a few pounds since we first met, she doesn't think she looks good anymore, and doesn't think men still look at her. I am constantly trying to convince her that she is still a knockout. I even point out the men who are looking at her whenever we go out. This does no good. She still doesn't believe that she is desirable to other men. She always says that I have to say she is beautiful because we are married. Modern technology helped me prove that she was wrong.
We hadn't gone out for several weeks so we decided to catch an early movie and dinner, and then go to a bookstore. She was wearing tight jeans that really hugged her ass, and a button up blouse. The top two buttons on her blouse were doing all they could to keep her beautiful tits covered, but anytime she moved they would pop open. I finally convinced her to stop fighting them and just let the blouse stay open. She didn't like the idea, but I loved it. She looked so sexy and almost every man we passed had to stare. I mentioned to her that all the guys in the theater lobby were checking her out, but she did not believe me. When I pointed out that the waiter in the restaurant kept standing over her shoulder and leaning down to talk to her while looking down her top, she said that I was crazy. I was determined to show her once and for all that she was desired by other men. When we left the restaurant and headed for the bookstore I got my cell phone ready to record men checking her out. There was no way she could deny it if she saw it on film.
The bookstore we like doesn't close until midnight which was good because we were running late. There weren't very many people in the store since there was only about an hour left before they closed. Melody works as a Network Administrator and is always interested in computer books to help with her job. She also decorates cakes on the side so she looks for new ideas on the bookshelves as well. I have no interest in either of these areas. I am more of an outdoors enthusiast, so we split up as soon as we entered the store. She browsed for her books and I browsed for mine. As we walked around looking at different books I noticed a man standing about 10 feet away from Melody. He was obviously looking her up and down. He walked past her while she was reading a book and his eyes were clearly locked on her ass. He turned and went down the aisle behind her and pretended to be interested in a book while he watched her. I opened my cell phone and started to video this man who seemed to be quite taken with my wife.
Melody put the book back on the shelf and continued to browse through the store. Each time she would move to another aisle, he was soon to follow. He stayed far enough away that she wouldn't get suspicious, but close enough to be able to have a good view of her body. She soon went to the computer section. The particular books that she was interested in were on the bottom shelf. As I watched her kneel down to look at the books, I moved across the main aisle and one aisle behind her location. I could see her clearly from there and could easily blend in as just another uninterested customer. Within a minute the mystery man entered the aisle she was on from the other end. He moved slowly toward her, pretending to be checking titles. Melody found a book she had been looking for and pulled her feet up under her and sat there on her knees while she read. Before long the man had made his way down the aisle until he was standing directly behind her. I kept filming as he leaned over her to get a good view down her blouse. I saw him look around to see if he was being watched. I was able to move my phone and look away before he saw me. I watched as he quietly moved as closely as he could behind my wife. I zoomed in on the video and saw that he was rubbing his crotch, but I couldn't get the clear view that I wanted. I moved a few feet to the right to help get an unobstructed view and that was when I noticed that he wasn't just rubbing his crotch. I could see that his fly was open and his hand was actually inside his pants.
As I continued to film the man looked around again. Having not noticed me, he pulled his cock out and began to slowly stoke himself. I watched in amazement as this guy was jacking off with his dick less than an inch away from Melody's head. At times it looked like he even brushed the head of his cock through her hair. He stopped for a moment and raised his hand to his mouth. He quietly spit into the palm of his hand and then went back to work on his dick. Slowly he moved his well lubricated hand up and down the shaft of his cock which looked to be about 6 or 7 inches long. I kept filming as he began to stroke himself faster and faster. He leaned closer. I could tell he was about to cum. Then he reached into his pocket and took out a napkin. His face contorted as he leaned over my wife's head. He kept stroking his dick and looking down and Melody. Soon I saw his body stiffen and then jerk as he shot his load in the napkin. He relaxed as he was still slowly rubbing his dick. When he finished he wiped the head clean and stuffed his dick back inside his pants. He bent down and put the napkin in her purse that was sitting on the floor behind her. Before he straightened up again, he took a long sniff of her hair. He looked around one last time and then left the store.
I stopped recording and put my phone back in my pocket. It was then that I realized that I had become quite aroused while watching this man jack off to my wife. I walked over to her and asked if she was about ready to go. She said that the book she had been reading didn't really tell her what she needed to know, so she wasn't going to buy it. I told her that I didn't find anything either and as we walked out into the parking lot I put my arm around her and hugged her close. When we were back in the car I told her that I had something that I wanted her to see. I told her that I had proof that men found her desirable. I told her that I had proof that she could cause men to do crazy things.
I opened my phone and navigated to the videos folder. I selected the video that I had just recorded and pressed play. As she watched the man look at her from one aisle back, she tried to play it off as him looking in her area, not looking at her. As she watched him follow her down the next aisle, she again tried to play it off as something else. By the time the video got to him standing behind her with his hand in his pants she had nothing to say. She watched in amazement as the video played on. She watched a stranger jack off while looking down at her tits. She watched him put his dick so close to her head that he could probably feel her hair. She watched as he shot his load into the paper napkin that was in his pocket. Then she watched him bend down and put it in her purse. She looked up at me in disbelief. I said, "I told you Baby. Men want to fuck you. You are HOT!" She slowly looked inside her purse. She gently picked up the napkin by the corner, only letting her fingernails touch it. Then she opened the door and threw it out.
She was silent all the way home. That night we had the best sex we have had in years. Ever since that day she has paid a little more attention to herself. She makes sure that if we go out she has her hair and makeup perfect. She wears close fitting pants and open necked shirts, and she has never tried to keep the buttons fastened again.