The opportunity @ the wedding reception
There was too much noise, too much joy, too many people around me. I felt tired after a sleepless night and an exhausting morning. I needed a moment alone, without having to force myself to smile and look happy. One of the corners of the hall was dimly lit, empty of people, the perfect place for me to hide in the open. A small table and a few chairs had been piled there in case they would be needed. I helped myself to a chair and sat there with a drink in my hand.
I looked for Julia, my wife. I couldn't leave her out of my sight. This was the first consequence of last evening's folly. I had to know where she was and with whom, as if she could be taken at any moment. Julia was talking with other women, laughing, and celebrating. No one could guess, just by looking at her, what had happened the night before. How could she be so relaxed and happy? Julia looked as innocent as she was beautiful, the perfect wife. For the first time, after the damage was done, I felt in proper condition to think rationally about recent events. I had thrown my wife into the arms of another man. Guilt was eating me alive for letting it happen and somehow even enjoying it. Julia and I needed to talk, but that hadn't happened this morning. There had been too much to be done before the wedding. Still, she insisted on telling me about a past occurrence, the reason behind her sudden escape last evening. It was a silly incident, harmless and surely embarrassing for her. It was nothing compared with all the outrageous scenarios my mind had been producing until then. We ended our short conversation with promises of love and assurance that all was well between us. But... was it?
I needed this moment alone. What I didn't need was Mark's company. I should have spoken frankly with him, made a stand and prevent him from getting the wrong idea about his relation with Julia from then on. But in order to do that, one way or another, I would have to acknowledge before him the reason for my recent passivity. That was more than I could handle... Instead I avoided him the entire day and, so far, I had been successful, but now he was coming my way.
"Having some time off?" Mark said, with an annoyingly casual tone.
I was expecting something different... In fact, I didn't know what to expect. That was one of the reasons I needed to avoid him in the first place.
"Yes," I replied, trying to match his tone with a short, dry answer, hoping he would go away but that didn't happen.
Mark took a chair and sat by my side.
"Look... I want to tell you something... something that happened years ago between Julia and me."
As I said before, my wife had already told me that story this morning. Still, I wanted to hear his version. It's not that I don't trust her but I was curious. Also, after all that had happened, the least I deserved was an apology.
Mark began:
"It happened when we were roommates. One Friday evening, I was on a date with this girl... I can't remember who she was anymore. Anyway, it was still early but I knew I was going to be lucky..."
He had to show off, always the same arrogance, the same unending confidence. He couldn't help it, even in a situation like this.
"Then we bumped into her... boyfriend. He was accompanied by a couple of his friends. I ended up with a bloody nose and more than a few bruises. Do you remember? I'm sure I told you this back then...?"
No, I didn't remember. Every word out of his mouth annoyed me deeply. Still I tried to contain a stormy reaction and just shook my head.
"The evening was ruined so I headed home. When I got there, I noticed someone was taking a shower, surely Edgar or you. I needed some stuff from the bathroom to take care of my nose, so I went in. It would only take a few seconds..."
I lowered my defenses slightly. Apparently, there wasn't any wrongdoing on Mark's part either. His version made sense and matched Julia's. Despite my resentment due to the recent events, I nodded in understanding.
He continued, "Then I noticed a strange, smaller shape through the glass... a woman's body, I was certain of it. Suddenly, the water stopped, the booth's door opened and I saw a feminine hand searching for a towel nearby. I knew exactly who she was... I had time to sneak out..."
But he chose not to. There was no hint of regret on his voice. Everything about Mark displayed self-confidence and composure: every gesture, every word, even the pauses or unfinished sentences... His account was taking an odd direction and he seemed to be taking pleasure on reliving this event.
"A few seconds later Julia got out of the shower, naked, trying to wrap that tiny towel around her body. She didn't know I was there. When she noticed my presence, she jumped backwards, startled and surprised, trying to conceal her nakedness. Then her expression changed and I knew I had to get out of there."
I was furious and speechless, couldn't believe his nerve. This wasn't an apology attempt. Mark behaved as if he was bragging about one of his lovers. He thinks that last evening's events granted him the privilege to speak freely about my wife, as if she were just another woman out there.
"I didn't plan it, of course, if that's what you're thinking," he said, trying to read my mind. "The opportunity presented on its own... and I took it."
Mark spoke his last words with a different tone, still casual and self-assured as he had been during the entire conversation, but different, as if they had a second meaning. Then I got it. I was so stupid! Last evening was on his mind. I presented him with an opportunity... and he took it. He only had to fuel the mood and take the spoils: my wife. This conversation was as much about the distant past as it was about the present.
"When I was leaving the bathroom, I couldn't resist taking one last peek at her. Then something beautiful happened!"
Mark stared at the void, amazed, as if he was witnessing it again.
"Her arms relaxed, the towel opened slightly and she showed me her breasts. Beautiful!" he said smiling, and continued, "Her expression still looked angry, but there was a fire on her eyes... She was teasing me and enjoying it! It lasted only a couple of seconds before she shut the door with a bang."
I was stunned. Why was he telling me all these lies? It wasn't true, couldn't be true. Mark doesn't know Julia at all. He saw what he wanted to see and now was telling me this story in order to justify his reprehensible behavior. I didn't want to believe him but after what happened last evening... I just wasn't sure. What if he was telling the truth? Somehow, it made sense. Julia concealed this incident from me but kept it in her mind as a hidden treasure, to be used during her most secret fantasies. It wasn't the alcohol that had driven her to be so daring the day before; it was something else, repressed lust... and an opportunity.
I couldn't keep myself from mentally producing the most outrageous scenarios. I no longer knew where the truth ended and fiction began. Mark finally ended his account.
"Until that day, that moment, really, I hadn't really thought much about Julia... She was invisible to me. Our surprise encounter in the bathroom changed my thoughts about her dramatically. Even then, she was already taken by you and any different kind of opportunity always seemed impossible..."
It seemed impossible until last evening. He never said those words, but I knew he had them on his mind. Images flooded my head again: Mark kissing my wife, touching her skin... Commitments never stopped him from pursuing a woman. I thought I was safe because I was his friend, when in fact I was probably even more vulnerable. He chased Julia... I'm sure of it now. But she never gave him a chance... until the moment I permitted it... And there wasn't anything I could do or say now to change it back to where it had been.
For a few minutes he kept quiet, but didn't leave. My eyes were locked on Julia. The scene he had just had described was being replayed in my head over and over again. A profound jealousy was eating me alive, as if Mark's unique moment with my wife was more valuable than all my experiences with her.
"You really like to watch her?" he asked, breaking the silence.
Yes, it was true. I do like to watch her, from afar, without her knowledge. Everything about her fascinates me: the way she walks, the way she moves, her hair swinging as she turns, her smile... her natural smile destroys me, and I love the expression on her face when she catches me staring at her. It's innocent and shy... I know that she enjoys being watched, even if she likes to pretend otherwise. Maybe Mark was right. Maybe she teased him like he was telling me. Imagining that moment, when she lowered her guard to Mark only for a moment, was fascinating... I couldn't help myself from feeling this way, even knowing it was wrong. Why do I feel so attracted to the abysm?
Tonight, Julia was wearing a blue dress, the perfect choice for an event like this. It made her look sexy and desirable, without offending the most decorous, old-fashioned granny. I guess this defined her as a woman. Only two thin straps held the upper part of the dress in place. Her shoulders were bare but there was no cleavage shown. Then the dress narrowed at her slim waist only to broaden again below, ending a few inches above her beautiful knees. I wished at that moment that I had the courage to go to her, drop to my knees and touch her silky legs... in front of all these people. I wanted to feel her ankles, her thighs... the soft skin on the inner side of her thighs...
Mark interrupted my thoughts one last time:
"I bet she has no panties on," he whispered, daydreaming.
He was admiring my wife, just as I had been doing. I kept pretending to ignore him and, thankfully, he got up and left, leaving me alone. However, it was too late. My thoughts had been tainted by Mark's suggestions. I wondered what it would be like if a sudden breeze lifted her dress, just enough so I could see her bare bottom. How shocking it would be if someone else also noticed it. Still, it was just a fantasy. I had seen her put on a pair of panties when she was dressing that morning.
I had been hidden in my own thoughts for too long, so I got back to the center of the party. Julia came to me.
"Where were you? I want to dance," she said blithely.
Julia had no idea that she had been the topic of two men's conversation. She also had no idea what was on my mind. She had been at a wedding while I had been in my own fantasy world. No matter what Mark had said, I couldn't be mad at her. All I wanted was to see her happy. Julia loves to dance, so we embraced and danced.
The scent of her hair was intoxicating and I felt increasingly aroused. I knew I shouldn't give in to my most basic instincts, but I couldn't stop thinking about her body. I wanted to touch her! My left hand descended slowly along her back aiming for her butt, but Julia stopped me before reaching my goal.
"Stop it... behave!" she whispered, embarrassed.
But I wanted something... I needed to see the fire on her eyes, the same fire that Mark had mentioned before. I wanted something both beautiful and wicked from her.
"Take off your panties," I softly whispered on her ear, trying to show her how horny I was.
"What?" Julia stared at me, incredulous.
"Go somewhere private where you can take your panties off," I insisted.
Julia didn't reply and we kept dancing. Was she considering it? When the song ended, she withdrew from me.
"Grow up!" she said before walking away.
I felt embarrassed, rejected by my own wife. I felt furious for being aroused and for allowing myself to be influenced by Mark's ridiculous suggestions. Julia never went along with this kind of kinky stuff. I knew that! I know my own wife, so why did I ask her anyway? I'm an idiot! Still disappointed, I forced myself to re-enter the party and interact with other people. I had no choice but to take Julia's apparent rejection like a man and move on. At least, her rebuff had disrupted all the nasty ideas I had been thinking earlier.
After a while, I saw Julia heading my way. I smiled to her, apologetically. She smiled back at me and I felt that my previous mischief had been forgiven.
"Is this what you were looking for?" she said out loud as she smuggled something into my jacket's left pocket.
Then she walked away. Julia was defying me and I could see the fire... That was the fire I had been looking for from her. I felt inside my pocket for what Julia had left me but didn't take the object out. It was a tiny, soft piece of cloth, unmistakably her panties. I felt excited; she had done it! I didn't know if this was a good or bad thing, if I should be pleased or scared. What I did know is that I couldn't take my eyes off her butt as she walked away.
Racing heart @ the taxi
Julia and I were silent and tired, waiting in the back seat of a cab for Mark so that we could go home. In my left pocket I still had her sexy panties. Occasionally, I slipped my hand inside so that I could feel the small piece of cloth. Nothing could be more fascinating to me than seeing my wife interacting with a bunch of people, knowing that she was wearing no panties. The highlight had been the moment she caringly embraced the bride. An innocent moment between two women had turned into the most erotic happening inside my mind. I still couldn't believe that Julia had actually taken off her underwear. Apparently, I didn't know my wife as well as I thought I did. That new little piece of knowledge was both scary... and fascinating at the same time.
Finally, Mark appeared from inside the building and approached the cab. He should have sat up front, next to the driver. Instead, he purposely walked around the cab so that he could be seated next to my wife. He couldn't be more obvious than that.
"Sorry for the delay... I had some unfinished business," he told us.
I bet he was trying to seduce a woman who was still inside. That is the unique business Mark really cares about.
Julia was trapped between us. She seemed to be leaning over me, trying to avoid contact with Mark. Soon we would be home alone, just the three of us and I feared that moment. So, when he provided an apparent way to avoid the impending discomfort, I accepted instantly. Julia didn't object either. Mark wanted to take us to a specific nightclub. It was late and he had something up his sleeve but the prospect of being surrounded by other people seemed much more comfortable than the remaining option. I was also convinced that as long as we were in the cab, Mark wouldn't try anything fresh with Julia. I was wrong on that count.
A few minutes into the cab ride, I felt a sudden movement from Julia and then I noticed Mark's hand was on her bare left leg. Mark didn't appear to care if the three of us were in a cab or if there was a stranger present. His hand had moved up on her leg and rested above her knee. This was the price I had to pay: I had let him touch her once, now he thinks he can do it again. I waited for a reaction from Julia. She moved even closer to me, as if she was trying to get away from him, and held my left arm tightly with both her hands but did nothing to remove his insolent hand. Under these circumstances, her dress seemed much shorter than before, too short in fact; it seemed an open invitation for Mark. He continued to rest his hand on my wife's thigh and I was unable to react as I should. I had spent all day regretting last night's mistake, only to see it being repeated again. As hard as this could be, I couldn't take my eyes off his hand on her leg. I couldn't move! I just wanted to watch!
A few minutes later, his hand began sliding slowly upward along my wife's skin until he reached the lower hem of her dress. Julia shivered again and held me even tighter. There was a disturbing silence inside the cab. Mark's hand slid upward some more, dragging the fabric of her dress in the process, slowly exposing more and more of my wife's thighs. This felt like the most erotic phenomenon I had witnessed in my entire life and it was happening between my wife and Mark. Deep inside, I didn't want him to stop!
Thankfully, the driver seemed oblivious to what was happening in the back but his presence made the moment even more insane. Julia was pulling my arm so hard against her that I could feel her heart pounding rapidly and hear her raspy breathing. I wondered what she was thinking at that moment. This was crazy! Sooner than later, if he weren't stopped, Mark would find out that my wife wasn't wearing panties just as he had predicted in our earlier conversation. I watched his hand continue its upward path as he continued to explore the inside of my dear wife's leg until I couldn't be sure any more if he was touching her sweet spot or not. It was painful for me not know for sure whether or not Mark had reached his obviously intended destination.
Then, the cab stopped. We had reached our destination. Julia's dress was a total confusion and her legs were shamefully exposed. My wife looked like a slut but still beautiful. Before the cab driver could notice anything was amiss, she repelled Mark's hand and composed herself; unlike last evening, I wasn't relieved. I knew that this was only a sample of what was about to come. Mark was the first to leave the cab.
Before I could get out too, Julia took the chance, looked me in the eyes and whispered, "Nothing will happen inside! I promise!"
Mark's move @ the nightclub
The place was crowded, but Mark had no problem getting us inside. The nightspot was an old industrial warehouse converted into a club. The interior was modern and sophisticated, but there wasn't anything that set it apart from other, similar places.
"What's this place?" Julia asked.
"It's a place where good people can misbehave," replied Mark, with a purposely-mysterious tone.
Is that why he brought us here, so that we could misbehave?
Mark seemed to know this place very well and guided us straight to a spiral staircase close to the bar. The staircase led to a door. A tape blocked the way and warned that those stairs were restricted to customers. Apparently, the prohibition didn't apply to Mark because the security didn't stop him from proceeding up the stairway. Julia and I hesitated. I wondered where Mark was leading us. Deep inside, I knew that following his lead wasn't a good idea but I knew I could trust Julia's word. Only her promise kept me from despairing.
I soon learned that my wife's hesitation had a different motive.
"I'm not wearing panties, remember?" she whispered to me in obvious distress.
Julia was worried that, if she ascended the stairway, someone might see her from below.
I was certain her dress was long enough but took the opportunity to suggest, "Maybe we should stay down here..."
My words triggered the exact opposite response than that which I had anticipated. Despite her visible worries, she immediately climbed the stairs. I followed her. The security guard looked at me strangely and I felt exposed, as if he knew of my concerns and was scorning me.
"I know the owner of this place. This is his office," Mark informed us. "No one will bother us here."
His last phrase almost sounded like a threat. He made himself comfortable and took off his jacket and tie. I mimicked him.
The most significant feature of the room was a large window that provided a wide view of the establishment. It was impossible not to feel drawn to it. It was a position of power, where we could observe and control everything outside. Julia and I looked at the people down below while Mark helped himself to a drink from the owner's cache. In my present state, all that I could see was sex: women lasciviously swinging their bodies on the dance floor; males looking for a quick rub, a chance to land a hand on the right place; a group of women flirting with surrounding men, pretending to act as a pack when they secretly desired to be taken as individuals; a few couples made out at the tables, against a wall, or wherever they could. There were lots of very short skirts and tight dresses, voluptuous cleavages and long legs. I finally knew why Mark had brought us here. The mood was contagious, giving the sense that it was okay to indulge in our most secret desires.
Mark joined us near the window. He only had one drink in his hands and it was intended for me. I accepted it as he positioned himself immediately behind Julia, not touching her anywhere, but smelling her hair and breathing into her right ear. The tension was visible in her demeanor; she seemed overwhelmed by Mark's nearness as if she anticipated his imminent touch. I could see it in her eyes; she was apprehensive, waiting for him to make an advance, so that she could stop him from invading her space just as she had promised me she would. I was sure Julia wouldn't let anything happen this time, but neither of us expected his next move.
"Your wife is beautiful," said Mark, surprisingly addressing me, "Can I kiss her?"
Julia shook, startled by his question, and looked at me in shock. He was taking the decision out of her hands, as if she had no say in the matter. I felt a shiver through my spine, as well. Caught by surprise, I didn't know what to say. Although the right answer was so easy to utter, I hesitated. This hesitation was enough for Mark. With a swift move, he turned my wife around and kissed her on the lips. Again I was witnessing his tongue invading her mouth and it was as painful as the first time. Julia wasn't resisting at all. When Mark broke the kiss, she was, again, completely under his spell. He took a step backward and she followed him, searching for his touch and lips. The game had instantly changed; my wife was no longer the prey and openly chased Mark. She wanted more, much more... Her promise didn't mean anything to her, not anymore. I panicked and, for the first time, I was about to take a stand...
Mark took another step backward and, before my wife had the opportunity to follow him again, I grabbed her hand. I wasn't holding her tight and she didn't try to break loose, although I was certain that she wanted to. Surprisingly, Mark seemed amused with my reaction. This was all a big game for him. Julia was standing between us, confused and indecisive of what to do next. This impasse seemed to last for hours, until she made her choice.
Julia moved toward me and I felt ecstatic because she was choosing me.
We held each other and she whispered in my ear, "I love you! I love you so much!" Her voice was tender and warm.
As she continued, my reverie was replaced by dread.
"Do this for me, please. Let's pretend this is a dream, this entire weekend... just this time... one crazy dream," she intoned as if enchanted.
I couldn't believe what I was hearing. Julia wanted this badly enough to pronounce these infamous words. It sounded like a plea but it wasn't, her mind was already made. She turned to Mark and he invited her to go to him. Their eyes were locked on each other and, when their bodies met, she began opening his pants.
When she had completed her task, he sat on the nearest armchair and extended her a cushion on the floor between his legs that just happened to be conveniently lying around. I wondered how many women had provided sexual favors on that same spot. In a few seconds, my dear Julia would be another one of them.
Outside, people could see me, still standing by the window, as I could see them. I felt exposed, as if they could realize what was about to happen inside just by looking at me, so I moved out of their line of sight. My wife knelt before Mark and pushed his pants to the floor; then she did the same with his underwear but this time much slower, smiling straight at him. I felt like one too many in that room, a hindrance to my wife and her lover. Mark's massive cock was inches from her face. Then Julia looked at me and, for a fraction of a second, I thought that there was still hope that I would escape this trap. I was wrong again. She only wanted a last assurance from me that it was safe to advance, one last chance given to me before it was too late. However, I no longer wanted to attempt to stop her because I feared that she would defy my wishes and do it anyway.
For the first time, Mark showed a very small hint of impatience, seconds away from his final victory. He took his cock in his left hand, entangled his right hand's fingers in my wife's hair and gently but firmly pushed her face toward him. Julia offered no resistance but stopped a few inches from her goal. Then she showed me what she wanted my part to be in all that was happening. With a swift gesture of her hand she propelled her hair to the right side of her head, thus opening a clear path of view to me. Julia wanted to be watched by her husband as she committed the ultimate act of adultery. She wanted me to have a clear view as I was cuckolded.
I never thought I would be where I was standing, watching my own wife please another man. I never thought that this kind of lust resided inside of her. What I believed to be set in stone no longer applied. Julia's sweet lips touched Mark's manhood, a shy, faint kiss. On the second touch she used the full extension of her lips and the third was only a prelude for what happened next. She seized his shaft, closed her eyes, opened her mouth and took his huge glans inside her throat. Mark exhaled deeply, releasing all the accumulated tension of the moment. Julia was his, at last. Then, her lips locked and his cock slowly slid out. She repeated it a couple more times, trying to become accustomed to its size.
"Oh, your lips feel so good," murmured an evidently pleased Mark.
One idea kept repeating in my head: there was a cock in my wife's mouth and it wasn't mine. How would I deal with it? How could I ever kiss those lips and touch her tongue again?
For a while I witnessed my wife patiently experimenting with Mark's penis. She had a new toy with which to play. It was as if Mark wasn't there and his cock was an independent entity. People say that size doesn't matter but I was witnessing the exact opposite in my wife's behavior. Julia seemed in love with that big piece of cockmeat, itself. As I watched, her lips and tongue explored every inch of it. After the initial shock, I was reluctantly becoming more and more fascinated by Julia's recreation. It felt like a dream, an erotic nightmare from which I would wake up anytime. In fact, this was truly a dream: my Julia's dream.
Then, her body language dramatically changed. My wife stared at Mark, acknowledging his presence. I knew that look! So far it had been only about her recreation, but from then on it would be about teasing and pleasuring Mark, the ultimate submission to his needs and desires. This was wrong! Wives should only pleasure their husbands in this manner. Julia was mine, not his! This was wrong!
"Sweetie, you're so hot," he said, visibly enthralled by her oral skills.
She took as much of his cock on her mouth as she comfortably could without taking her eyes from him. I imagined his glans sliding along her tongue, corrupting her sweet mouth.
"Oh fuck! You're good!" Mark encouraged her.
I didn't know whether he was referring to her technique or her lewd behavior, maybe both. As they stared at each other, their closeness seemed stronger than ever. A profound jealousy invaded me and was tearing me apart from the inside. I didn't know what was more painful, their physical intimacy or their growing complicity.
Mark's cock was becoming harder than ever. Sometimes my wife's movements became frantic, but most of the time she worked patiently on his meat.
"Do you like sucking on my cock?" asked Mark, fueling her libidinous conduct.
"Yes!" she shamelessly replied before swallowing his penis again.
It reached a moment where Mark felt it was time for something more and he acted quickly on his impulse: he stopped my wife, held her in his arms and gently sat her on top of the club owner's desk; then he opened her legs and occupied the space in the between; his hands were high on her thighs, under her dress. Surprised by his sudden initiative, Julia tried to correspond to his touches. Her hands reached bellow his shirt and caressed his chest as he kissed her on the neck. Then, Mark grabbed his cock with his right hand and I knew what his intention was. He wanted to do my wife right there, on top of that desk. Somehow mesmerized by my wife's blowjob, I panicked at this new development. But Julia was no longer acting like a defenseless victim of Mark's advances. She took control of the action, withdrew from Mark and said with confidence:
"Not yet!" She quickly composed her dress and hair, put on her shoes that had been discarded in their frenzy, and lewdly added, "I hear music. I want to dance."
Then she left the room.
Mark was clearly bewildered with what had just happened. After a moment, he smiled as if he had been challenged. My wife's behavior was making all of this even more interesting for him, I was sure of that. He fixed his clothes and also left the office.
Despite all the pain that I had been experiencing, I was stunned by my horniness. My cock was bursting inside my underwear after watching my own wife blowing another man. I left the room with no illusions, this was only a break, the night wasn't over and Julia still coveted Mark.