This story happened a few years ago while I (26) was abroad on a university exchange/working on a research project in Kenya. I was in a long-distance relationship at the time and the lack of physical intimacy was providing to be a bit challenging for both of us. Over the first couple months my boyfriend started to talk more about the attention I got, encourage me to show off a little, and eventually one evening during some flirting admitted he had a thing for this hotwife/cuck kink. I was a bit unsure at first but went along with it that evening because I liked how he was really enjoying it.
Over the next couple weeks we tested the waters, I sent some flirty texts to friends there to get their options on different bikinis. I sent them mirror selfies of me in a bikini out of the blue and went from there. He loved seeing those exchanges and was eager for me to do more. This experience was also a lot of fun for me, getting a bunch of attention and being flirty with new guys was a rush.
A bit more context, I was staying with a local host family their who were lovely but we're often quite busy with their business. So often I was left alone, or with their son who was 18 (19 shortly after this happened).
Anyways one evening my BF and I were having a call to catch up and I had decided to entertain him by wearing a dark green lingerie like night gown, it was fairly short, low cut and the straps were thin. I also did my make up and wore some bright red lipstick. He was very happy to see me dressed up like this which immediately led our conversation sexual and me telling him how to touch himself. In the middle of this, I got a message from the son asking if I wanted some tea. Feeling bold I asked him to bring me some. When I heard the knock on my room's door, I told my bf I'd be a minute and that I would minimize the call on my laptop. Taking out my headphones I didn't unmute myself as I called him in.
He enters and I can tell he is immediately checking me out in this skimpy gown as he walks over and places the tea on my desk. It's been obvious he kinda had a thing for me, so I'm sure he is loving it. I thank him, and joke how it's not my usual attire but I'm on a call with my bf, yadda yadda. I definitely blush a bit as he tells me I look good in it; I can't help but think about how it's barley covering any of my thighs and the view he has standing over me. We talk for a bit, and I start to complain how my shoulders have been aching, messaging them a bit. He's quick to offer a massage, and barley waits for a yes before running his hands over my shoulders.
My shoulders were sore, so it felt nice, just being touched in general felt so good. As he goes, I start to let out some sighs and moans, letting the tension slip away and playing it up a bit to encourage him. I feel him slowly moving the straps to the side somewhat subtly, eventually one falls down my arm and then the other as he keeps working my shoulders. The fitted fabric barley keeps my breasts covered, definitely showing off some tan lines from the many hours on the beach. His hands also stroke my wavy brunette hair playfully for a bit, I can't help but giggle at the sensation. Eventually his hands go back down my shoulders, venturing further down brushing my chest this time as I exhale in excitement, goosebumps coving my skin. I'm not sure why I was surprised when I felt one of his hands grab one of my breasts over the gown, feeling his hand squeeze and fingers pass over my hard nipple, lightly squeezing it between two of the fingers groping my breast.
I turned around to look at him after a few seconds of him grabbing my breast, I notice how hard he is under his shorts. He's a pretty handsome guy if a bit young. He's well groomed, fit, has a very friendly smile, smooth dark skin, and almost a foot taller than me. Teasing him I ask if he was enjoying himself and how he shouldn't be so bold. He is a bit uncertain and not sure what to say so I break the ice further asking if he wanted a massage running a finger beside his bulge over his pants. His uncertainty disappears as he enthusiastically says yes. Then I am pulling down his shorts, now sitting facing him.
He's rock hard and twitching as I check him out, gently stroking his girthy cock. "Like the view" I ask looking up at him, then pull the gown down more so my breasts are full out. "That's better" I joke seeing him smiling single-mindedly at my chest. I keep stroking him, increasing the pace. "Let's get all that tension out" I tease as he moans. His hands start playing with my hair again, then start pushing my head towards him. I let him control me without resistance and my lips wrap around his tip when my mouth makes contact. He's a bit too rough pushing me down his shaft, but I manage to get him all in as I press my hands against his thighs. He keeps pushing my head down while tightly grabbing my hair in a bunch. His grunting and moaning kept going throughout; occasionally he reaches for a breast to play with. It's pretty sloppy, saliva dripping out as I occasionally get a good breath of air. Not long into blowing him I can tell he's starting to cum, looking up at him I see how much he needed this. As he climaxes, he lets out a long drawn out moaning exhale.
I feel his cock twitching inside my mouth and the warm release that accompanied it. There's a lot of cum, half of it drips down in a mix of saliva over my chin onto my chest as I struggle to swallow. I keep sucking him for a bit until it's too much for him and he draws back moaning more. Coughing I catch my breath as he awkwardly stands there for a few seconds, I tell him he should go clean himself up and not to expect this again in a teasing tone. As he leaves, I get my gown back on as best I could and reopen the call to a very excited and shocked boyfriend. I imagine my makeup was quite messed up after the way my mouth was just used and how messy I must have been in general from the cum. I ask if he enjoyed before excusing myself to go shower, leaving any further discussion until a later time to further rub it in.
When I got out of the shower I had so many messages from him, telling me how crazy hot that was and how he'd jerked off to it. Definitely a wild way to start off this type of relationship, but I loved it. And of course I now a had to deal with living with a very horny guy who was always looking for more.