Being 19 years old, I work a part time pizza delivery gig at night, but kinda sleep in during the day. Unfortunately, my 18 year old sister still has to go to school, and every morning when she gets up she plays music while she’s getting ready. She also stomps around pretty good, so it’s not uncommon that she wakes me up in the morning. I just lay there most mornings, and wait for her to go off to school before I nod back off for a while.
But the other morning I couldn’t help but feel horny. Guess I’d been having a hot dream. I threw the sheets off and started to stroke my hardening cock, and every so often when Sis would walk by the doorway I’d get a little extra thrill. Our family is really open, as you may have guessed, and we’d always run around nude around the house. Our parents taught us that masturbation was natural and not a big deal, and certainly nothing to be ashamed of. So it didn’t bother me that the door was open and as Sis passed by the door she could look over and see me whacking off. As it turned out, she wasn’t interested, and never even looked into my room.
But I sure looked at her. Mom and Sis had great bodies, and they both always turned me on. Of course, both of them had known this since my early teens, when I couldn’t hide my reactions to them. They both graciously ignored my erections, for the most part. Once I got an erection while Mom was doing some housework, all that bending over and ass shaking while she buffed, polished, picked things up. I was sitting in the living room watching TV, and as it happened Baywatch came on just then. It was all too much for me, so I started to jerk off. When Mom noticed, she didn’t say anything, but she did sit down on the couch across from me and spread her legs wide, giving me a good view of her tits and pussy. She watched the TV show, only glancing at me as I masturbated, smiling once when our eyes met. When I started to get close to cumming she said, “please use a tissue honey”. Mom kept tissues everywhere since no one knew where the mood would strike Dad or Me. After I filled the tissue with sperm Mom just smiled, closed her legs, and walked up taking the wadded up cum tissue from me, saying, “let me take care of that messy thing for you sweetie”.
Anyhow, Sis was walking around getting ready, and at first she was nude, then after her shower she was in her cute bra & panties set. At one point she came into the hall dancing as she went, and paused to groove to a particularly good part of the song, treating me to a show of her dancing in her hot, sexy undies. That about pushed me over the edge, and I started looking about for the box of tissues Mom keeps stocked up on my bedside table. Shit! The box was empty!
Oh, not now… I thought. I was too close! Normally, I’d have gotten up and gotten another box from the hall closet, maybe even brushing Sis’s ass with my hard cock on the way, just for fun. It was always amusing to have her bitch about precum stains on her Victoria’s Secret panties… But not that morning… I needed a tissue right away!
“Hey, Michelle,” I hollered, “Michelle…”
“What,” she said, sounding annoyed as she peeked into my room. Seeing what I was doing, she giggled and said more softly, “what, big brother?”
“Could you get me a fresh box of tissues?”
“Sure,” she said, ducking back out into the hall.
Knowing that my Sister knew I was jerking off and had looked at me doing it, and was about to be back in the room with me in her undies, and that I was about to get the needed tissues, and be able to let go… maybe even with Sis in the room.
A moment later Michelle came back into the room, while I furiously jacked off, and said, “Hey, better slow down, Bro… we’re all out of tissue. Sorry.”
“Shit…” I groaned, knowing I would not be able to hold back.
“Wow, you’re that close, huh? Mom’ll kill you if you stain the sheets.”
“God,” I grunted, “do something… I’m gonna cum!”
Sis looked about frantically, but saw nothing close at hand to catch my spew in. Suddenly, to my surprise, she grabbed my forearm and yanked my hand off my cock. A second later, to my amazement and joy, she took the head of my dick into her mouth just as I began to shoot off. It was an incredible feeling, cumming in my little sister’s mouth! I grabbed hold of her head instinctively, and shoved my cock deep into her throat. Her fingers grabbed firmly a hold of my firm ass cheeks in her surprise, but she didn’t gag, and she swallowed every drop I fired into her.
A few moments later it was all over, and Sis slowly took her mouth off of my cock. She spent a few seconds lovingly kissing and licking it, before she flopped down on the bed, sprawled over my legs and breathing hard.
“Michelle… I… I…” I didn’t really know what to say. She’d given me the best cum of my life.
“It was all I could think of,” she said.
We both broke up laughing hysterically. After a while I suggested she ought to go brush her teeth. Sis stood and walked to the doorway, but turned as she held onto the doorframe, and smilingly said, with a naughty twinkle in her eyes, and said, “nah… I’ll be tasting you all day, big Bro.”
I couldn’t believe it. Of course, I never made it back to sleep.