It had been three months since we were last in Miami. We stepped off the plane, and I took in the first breath of warm humid air. We made our way through the terminal to our waiting car. Lynnette was wearing one of her summer dresses. It fell only a few inches below her ass displaying her shapely tan legs. A deep scoop showed the cleavage of her 34C breast. I could only gaze at her with lust, watching her walk, seeing her hips sashay side to side, while the fabric flowed back and forth over her ass.
We arrived at the hotel at 10:45, too early for check in. We left our luggage with the concierge and decided to tour the property. It was an eclectic hotel and, from what I gathered online, was very liberal with what was permitted. We strolled through the courtyard which had plenty of quiet places tucked away in the labyrinth of foliage, perfect for snuggling your significant other. There were hammocks, swinging chairs, and a fire pit surrounded with comfortable couches. On the other side of this lush green wall was the pool and hot tub with a waterfall. Lynnette noticed before I did that some women were topless. There was no shortage of beautiful people here. This hotel was both a respite from life and a playground for those with means.
We decided that it was too crowded for our taste and that we would rather go to Haulover Beach where we could shed our clothes and dispose of our tan lines. Lynnette gathered the towels while I got us another car.
A short ride later, we arrived at Haulover on the southern end of the nude beach. I can't help but to get excited as I walk down the path knowing soon I can shed my clothes and finally be free. It almost feels like home to me. I have spent enough time on this beach, and I recognize many of the locals and know a little about them from overhearing their stories.
We laid our towels out under the umbrella provided by the beach service. I quickly disrobed so that I could watch Lynnette. Evidently, I wasn't the only person waiting for the show. I noticed the guy next to us stealing furtive glances. She stood there for a moment, taking in the salty air and feeling the wind tussle her long auburn brown hair. After what seemed like forever, she pulled her dress slowly over her head revealing that she wasn't wearing panties. She reached back and unclasped her bra revealing her nude body.
She knelt under the umbrella and started to apply sunscreen to herself. The wind and cool liquid of the sunscreen made her nipples hard as she massaged it on the skin of her breasts. She laid down on her stomach handing the sunscreen to me, which I gladly accepted and applied to her back working my way down to her ass. She was enjoying her quasi massage. I let my finger slide between her cheeks grazing her asshole making her hips wiggle as she swatted at my arm. "Not here." she purred.
We spent the rest the afternoon swimming and lounging while listening to the 80s music. Lynnette had many admirers throughout the day. More so when she laid on her back with her legs slightly parted showing her pussy to the voyeurs. Her body always turns me on, and it took a conscious effort on my part not to get an erection. Like most efforts though, this too was in vain. Lying on our sides, out of view of prying eyes, I could graze her nipples getting them hard and me as well in the process.
"Is the breeze teasing you or is something else making you hard?" she asked.
"Something else." I gulped with excitement as she brushed the head of my cock coaxing precum from the tip onto her finger. She opened her mouth seductively licking and sucking my precum off her finger like it was my cock. The hours of teasing were nearly more than I could take and I proclaimed it was time for us to leave for the hotel ... right after my erection went down.
We arrived back at the hotel and retrieved our room key from the front desk. The room was small, but well-appointed and had everything we needed for our romantic weekend. Satisfied with the room, she began stripping her clothes as she made her way for the shower with me in tow. It felt sensual washing her body, feeling her curves, and the softness of her skin. Pulling her close, we kissed deeply feeling our tongues explore each other's mouth. Running my hands down her sides to her hips and letting them fall on her ass. I spun her around. Grabbing the towel bar, she arched her back pushing up onto her toes accentuating her legs and shapely ass. Dropping to my knees, I spread her ass and made small circles around her asshole with my tongue. Getting more excited, I started stroking my hard cock while I probed her ass with my tongue causing her to moan quietly and making her knees buckle. Not wanting to cum yet and knowing that Lynnette loved a proper teasing we reluctantly finished showering and went to dinner.
The restaurant was small and quaint. We requested a table outside, so we could watch the sun set. Lynnette rested her head on my shoulder and I leaned into her. We must have appeared as though we were love-sick to the casual observer. Lynnette had chosen a pair of carribean blue shorts and a white top with spaghetti straps and no bra. The sun silhouetted her chest allowing you to see the bottom of her breasts and the outline of her nipple jutting through the thin fabric. I am sure this is why we received such attentive service from the waiter. We noticed he would lean over from the other side of the table to point at items on the menu allowing his gaze to stop briefly at her breasts while he was looking up. Besides the occasional small talk, we sat quietly enjoying the food and view. Throughout the evening, I had been lightly tracing my finger tips on Lynnette's thighs. I would drag them up the soft skin of her leg letting the edge of my hand nestle against her pussy. I could feel the heat or her of libido emanating from her groin, imaging her pussy soaking her panties with her juices made me long for another kind of dessert.
We returned to our room and changed to go to the pool. Lynnette put on the new string bikini I bought her. It was sheer blue fabric. Her nipples were visible through the fabric of her top. She spun around showing me that you could see her ass perfectly. The only thing hidden was her pubic mound. We retrieved a bottle of wine and some glasses and made our way poolside. It was no longer crowded and it was a warm evening. The remaining people were slowly making their way out as we enjoyed our wine.
"Let's get in the water." Lynnette said as she pushed her self up onto her elbows. She reached back and pulled the string of her top, as she sat up, smiling at me she pulled it off over her head.
We slid into the water and into each other's embrace. Gentle kisses and light nibbling of lips was the precursor to our tongues gently caressing and probing each other. She wrapped her legs around my waist as she draped her arms around my neck. I leaned my back against the wall of the pool and groped her tits. I lightly pinched each nipple in between my fingers while teasing the tip with my thumb. Her hardening nipples easily spanning the width of my fingers with each caress of my thumb. Since there was no one around, I grabbed her ass and lifted her till her nipples were at my lips. I took one after the other in my mouth licking around the areola and sucking each nipple deep in my mouth.
Grinding her hips against me she pleaded, "Please ... I want you inside me."
I released my grip and grabbed her hand leading her to the hot tub. She wanted to retrieve her top but, with a little encouragement I convinced her that she did not need it nearby. We waded in and sat on the built-in seating. Her breasts were barely covered and the motion of the water would expose her nipples. We began kissing as I fondled her tits, pulling her nipples more aggressively than I had before. Lynnette nibbled on my ear and was stroking my hard cock through the thin swim briefs I was wearing. Pulling the waist of my shorts, she allowed the head of my cock to spring free. She traced the bulging head in a circling motion with her finger tips making my balls tense close to my body in anticipation of release. My right hand tickled the nerve paths that ran along her rib cage and down along the top of her thighs sending electricity through her spine. I found her hard clit through her bikini bottoms and gently rubbed it eliciting a moan of pleasure from her pursed lips. Grabbing my balls, she kissed me deeply as she fondled them. Pushing my shorts down, she freed my throbbing member and turned to straddle me. Taking my cock in her right hand, pulling her bikini bottom to the side with her left, my cock easily pierced her slick pussy. Lynnette began to ride my cock. I was so sensitive from a day of teasing. Seeing her body, being able to touch it briefly, but never enough to achieve gratification made it so I could feel each detail of her pussy encasing my engorged member.
I was keeping a watch for people as she rode me with her eyes closed and lips open enough to take in each shallow breath. Two guys walked across the pool deck. Not seeing us yet I tapped Lynnette on her side bringing her out of her moment. She stopped and we watched them toss their stuff on the chairs between the pool and hot tub. They turned toward the pool getting into the shallow water and seemed content hanging onto the ledge, talking among themselves. Lynnette began flexing the muscles of her pussy around me and gently rocking her hips back and forth. The guys didn't seem to be intently focused on us but there was low-level conversation while looking in our directions.
"Lynnette, I think they are watching us."
"That's okay. They can't see anything and what's the harm in letting them imagine?" she coyly replied.
Point taken. She continued to rock back and forth with bated breath. Suddenly she stopped and got off of me. They had gotten out of the pool and were heading to the hot tub. They got in and Lynnette sat sideways on my lap so that my cock was hidden from view. This caused her tits to be above the water. They took in Lynette's topless form as they sat back in the warm water. Lynnette teasing my cock with her hand was driving me crazy. It felt like an eternity but, soon enough they got out and sat on the pool chairs facing away from us.
Lynnette straddled me again and began riding me as gently as she could. My mind was in a state of ecstasy. While not shy this was a new level of daring for her. I think she was as frustrated as I was from a day of teasing. She stopped riding me and began to massage my cock again with her pussy. She reached down and undid the ties holding her bikini bottoms on. She handed them to me to sit on. The guys got up and one gathered his stuff and left while the other was coming back to the hot tub. There was no hiding what was going on now.
The lone stranger sat on the other end from us and leaned his head back on the ledge of the hot tub with his eyes closed. Lynnette took this as her cue to start grinding her hips again. She wrapped her arms around my neck. I couldn't help but to let my hands go to her tits so I could grope her and pinch her nipples. Coming to my senses just enough to check our surroundings I saw the stranger watching us intently. I could see his shoulder moving. I pulled Lynnette's ear to my mouth. As I nibbled on her ear lobe I said, "He is jerking off to us!"
Lynnette couldn't help but to look for herself. I suppose this is what encouraged him to move in closer. This caused Lynnette to let go of any pretense and start riding my cock and grinding her pussy on me. Why not? Everyone was caught now. Soft moans began to escape her mouth. She reached down and to my amazement took his cock and began to stroke him beneath the water. We were all in bliss. I could feel Lynnette's pussy tighten around my cock and her moans were getting louder. I stuck my fingers in her mouth to quiet her.
"I know a better way." The stranger said.
He got up and sat on the ledge beside me. He pulled his swim shorts down to expose the entire length of his cock and shaved balls. He started stroking his shaft again while pointing his cock at Lynnette. She took the hint and grabbed his cock, her hand barely taking up half his length. She began to stroke him again as she was riding me. He reached his hand behind her head and gently pulled her toward his eager cock. She looked at me as though asking permission. Taking my silence as approval she began to lick the head of his throbbing member. Eventually she opened her mouth wide and took as much as she could as she grasped his balls.
The more of his cock she took in her mouth the harder and faster she fucked me. It didn't take too much of her sucking his cock and stroking his shaft until I felt her pussy get tight and began to spasm. Had his cock not been deep in her mouth to muffle her moans of ecstasy, we would have drawn a lot of attention our way as she came. Just a few more strokes of her soft lips and eager tongue on his cock and he began grunting as he emptied his load into Lynnette's mouth. She never stopped grinding on me and she never stopped sucking his cock as his cum spilled from the corners of her mouth. She lapped up what cum was on his shaft and greedily squeezed the remaining drops from his cock onto her tongue. Wiping the cum from her mouth she returned her attention to me.
She was fucking me like never before. Grinding her clit into me as much as she could. Clasping my hand over her mouth when I felt her pussy tighten around me, she came again. Unable to hold back anymore I released my pent-up day of sexual teasing. When she heard me start to moan she grabbed me tightly, kissing me deeply with the taste of spunk still lingering on her lips. Each spasm of my orgasm sent my cum deep into her. She rolled her hips in a circular motion squeezing each drop of semen out me as my cock became flaccid.
We looked around for the stranger as we put our bottoms back on, but he had slipped off. We were alone as she settled in beside me and nuzzled her head into my chest. A short time later a couple joined us in the hot tub. After a few minutes of pleasant small talk we excused ourselves and made our way to a hanging chair. We curled up together and stared at the brightest stars that shown through the city lights as we fell into a post orgasm sleep.
Opening my eyes I wondered what time it was. It was quiet and the lights were out in most rooms. I held Lynnette tight in my arms wondering what adventures this new day would bring.