I'm Michael, informal chairman of our swingers club, partly because I'm senior member at age 45, mostly because my wife Beth and I own the rural estate where we meet. Beth and I are enthusiastic about the lifestyle, but we like careful selection of members and rules that assure mutual respect. In our first installment - 'Hot Scenes - Our Swinger Club Ch. 1' - you met Sandra, Ricardo and Ned, three of our veteran members enjoying the kind of fantasy that is our club specialty. The game wasn't fair at all. Poor Sandra was destined to lose, but she didn't mind.
For this installment, we thought you might enjoy learning how we make new members comfortable if they are new to the lifestyle. I handle the male role in our orientation sessions.so will be handling today's 'Session One' with Pete and Jackie. I'm a 6'3" fitness coach today, once a starting mid-fielder in the International Hockey League -- so a physical guy that women seem to enjoy being with. Handsome? Maybe not so much anymore. My face and body carry the scars of a career that features wall slams, fistfights, flying pucks and crazy bastards trying to whack you with their stick.
Our club's goal in Session One is NOT to indoctrinate the couple, but rather to help them be sure they are making a good decision. Many couples fantasize about making love to a stranger or a friend. Threesome is a common fantasy. Scene's such as the bondage seduction of Sandra are common fantasies. But for some couples, the reality triggers emotions that can be unexpectedly powerful and can be destructive to the marriage.
So Pete and Jackie are aware that their first session will let them gradually experience stages of physical activity, with either allowed to signal STOP at any time. My role today tests the most common pitfall, that the husband can't handle another man becoming gradually more intimate with his wife. (If necessary, Sandra or Julie provide the reverse experiment; whether the wife is really okay with her husband becoming intimate with another woman.)
We have suggested that Jackie wear a front-buttoning sundress, bra-less, with panties she views as erotic. Some couples ask about the wife going commando because they view sans panties as sexier. I explain that the gradual 'reveal' is better for the purposes of Session One.
I wear the men's equivalent of V-cut short-shorts, without shirt.. Husband Pete is dressed as if ready to play a tennis match. It doesn't matter much what he wears. This session focuses on Jackie.
-----------------------
I walk into our room that consists of a king-size four-poster bed and a corner sitting area with two leather couches. Candlelight provides all illumination, with candles gleaming on two bed-stands, on the corner coffee table, and in four wall-mounted lantern fixtures. Soft music is playing from ceiling speakers. Pete and Jackie are side-by-side on one of the couches, his wine glass is on the table in front of him, Jackie is holding her glass, but puts it on the coffee table as I enter.
I know they are 37 and 35, career professionals who live in a small metro area 35 miles away. Pete is a professional-looking guy, and he looks much like his application photos. Jackie would qualify as a stunning blond, and is more attractive than I expected, possibly because of golden hair highlighted by candlelight or possibly because of special make up for the evening. Her sundress is perfect, mini-length, neckline to hem buttons, yellow with red accents, cut low across her breasts. I walk toward them. "Greetings, I'm Michael."
They stand. Pete extends his hand: a solid grip, steady grey eyes, strong features. He says, "Good to meet you." Jackie extends her hand, too. Her blue eyes sparkle in the light. Her smile is dazzling, but I sense she thinks it's humorous that she is formally shaking my hand.
"Pete, if you'll allow me, I'll begin with a dance with your bride." Her husband gestures his permission and sits. I lead Jackie to the center of the room and extend my arms. She glides toward me, our eyes maintaining contact that already feels warm and comfortable. She is tall, at least 5'9", so her arms slide easily around my neck. I begin with hands at her hips, so our dance is really a loose embrace, far enough apart to maintain eye contact.
"You are very beautiful, Jackie."
Her eyes are warm, but laughing.. "Thank you. You are very beautiful, Michael." And she uses her right hand to rub from my shoulder to mid-chest and back.
I chuckle, "The last woman that called me beautiful was my mother, and I was six months old."
"Okay, how 'bout ruggedly handsome?" She smiles warmly and again runs her hand across my chest.
"Good enough." I found myself admiring her spirit, the sense of humor, the easy way she is settling into the scene, even her aggressive use of her hands. Most newbies have a period of nervous contemplation and inaction. But while I'm admiring her spirit, the manly man within is visualizing the pleasure of taming this filly.
We dance for a few minutes, chatting about her career as a artistic designer. My top down view of her low-cut neckline is truly inspiring, a clear shot all the way to her stomach, with her nipples barely covered. I pull her closer, now dancing chest-to-chest. I step back to meet her eyes. "Are you ready for our first kiss?"
She says nothing, pulls against my neck to move closer and tilts her head waiting for my lips to find hers. Her lips are soft, inviting. The faint taste of barely visible lipstick is delicious. As I pull her closer, again chest-to-chest, the kiss intensifies. I can feel her nipples against my chest, poking through the thin fabric of her dress. I feel her tongue touching my lips, pushing forward. I also feel an erection forming, very early for me as a veteran of this process. Her breathing becomes faster, audible. So does mine. I glance toward her husband. He is leaning forward but with an expression of curiosity not anxiety.
In Session One's next phase, I take command. "Jackie, turn toward your husband then put your arms around my neck." I help her turn; I feel her dress lifting as her arms reach upward then lock behind my neck. I lift the back of her dress to waist high, then step toward her, close enough to hold the hem in place, and to keep my growing erection in contact with her panties.
We dance on, actually 'sway on' is a better term, allowing me to assure that she is always facing her husband, a man who is aware that something has happened to lift her skirt, but unaware that my dick is exploring the curves and crevices of her ass, and she is pushing backward with slight gyrations of her hips helping me explore. In a minute or less, I feel her first obvious effort to begin serious grinding against me. Her breathing quickens. As I feel her back arch slightly, I move my hands from her hips to her stomach and caress in circular motions toward her breasts. My hands move onto her breasts, still with a circular motion. My palms are on the outside of her dress, but my fingers can explore the curves at her neckline, and her nipples are hard against my palms. I hear her first gasp, then another. I wish I could see her face, likely changing from coolly beautiful to the almost pained expression of growing passion. Her husband can see her face. He is now watching with rapt attention. He is also stroking himself.
I move fingers to the top button on her dress. It yields quickly. Then to the second. Then to the third. I can easily tell that I now have full access to her naked breasts, but I slowly release two more buttons, opening the dress nearly to her waist. And I move upward in very slow circular motions from her waist to her breasts, first cupping her in the palms of my hands, then lightly caressing her nipples with the same circular motion. I can feel her pressing backward with her hips. Her breathing is ragged gasps. I hear "oh god, oh god, oh god," softly. I use two fingers on each nipple, caressing lightly then pinching gently. Her back arches, I feel her head press hard against my chest. She is gasping "oh god, oh fuck, oh fuck."
I stop touching her. I take her shoulders and turn her around, enjoying the beauty of her breasts and the splotches of pink from neck to waist. She looks at me with an expression almost tortured but says nothing. I say, harshly, "You have not pleased me."
She looks confused, her eyes troubled. Her breathing is still labored. "What? ... Why? ... I don't understand."
"Go to the couch." I help guide her to the couch opposite where Pete is sitting. I sit at mid-couch. "I want you over my knee, now." I can tell that Pete was not expecting this, but it's all part of the test. He has been told that either of them can say STOP at any time.
She pouts at me, hesitates for just a moment, but lays across my lap, her dress already at mid-thigh before we start. I use my left hand to sweep the dress toward her waist, but pause at the V of her thighs, making direct contact with tiny yellow bikini panties. I massage her briefly, her hips quiver. Her panties are soaked.
I spank her hard enough that she knows she's being spanked but mostly teasingly, first on her panties, causing her to reach back but hopelessly to try to prevent the next swat. On some of the swats, my hand lingers between her legs, making direct contact with the wetness between her thighs. She squirms each time, clearly trying to make more contact with my hand and fingers rather than avoid it. From my selfish viewpoint, I am enjoying the most incredible combination of barely-there panties, perfect legs and firm but rounded ass that I've ever seen.
I pull her panties over her hips to just above the knee, enjoying every inch of the journey. I also enjoy her hopeless, probably instinctive, effort to reach back to prevent losing her panties. I spank her bare ass and upper thighs for a couple minutes, and now I'm stopping aggressively after each swat to make finger contact between her legs. She is squirming and moaning and gasping. Both her husband and I can hear the wetness.
I turn toward Pete who is now stroking an enormous boner, "Please take her panties for me she won't be needing them." He looks surprised, but comes to his wife's couch and pulls her panties over her knees, calves and feet.
"Jackie, turn over." She turns over, but slowly and awkwardly as she's still on my lap. Her skin is again splotchy, her expression almost dazed. Her nipples are erect. Her thighs and pussy are glistening in the candlelight. I can tell the idea of lying on her back like this was new to her. She struggles, trying to find a way to get comfortable. She winds up with hips on my lap her arms over her head, and her legs pointed directly at her husband. It occurs to me that her body is like a piano or organ, ready for me to play. I unbutton the remaining buttons that let the dress fall open. I ask her, "Are you ready to cum."
The beautiful blue eyes search mine, practically begging. Her voice is a hoarse whisper. "On God, yes. Please."
"I want you to caress your own breasts... now." She begins immediately. "Spread your legs." She opens her thighs. "Wider." She responds immediately. I begin a massage-like assault on her thighs, up and back from her knees to the wonderfully soft skin of her inner thigh, where my hand inevitably makes contact with her pussy. And I continue the massage, knees to thighs and back, intentionally teasing her. Then I hear the expected, "Please, Michael. Please. Now."
I put two fingers in her, then later a third, deep finger fucking her, powerfully. She bucks against the invading fingers, Her back arches. Her cries are guttural. I pause for a few seconds, then find her G, hold there and let her finish her own climax. She becomes a woman possessed, hips and pussy hungrily reaching toward me. And then the dam breaks. As the waves of her orgasm sweep through her, my hand feels like it's riding a bronco,. And finally she settles back, gasping, hips and thighs still quivering.
I look toward her husband, and see his cock still in his hand, his cum all over his dark blue shirt. He is not looking coolly professional, more like awestruck at his wife's reaction. I can't figure out an easy way to get out from under her, so sit and let her recover, my hand still stroking her inner thigh.
Her eyes are still closed, breathing still not fully returned to.normal when I hear her voice, softly, hoarsely. "Fuck me." My cock is fully erect, in direct contact with her ass. Her idea sounds wonderful to me, but I stand firm. "No-can-do for reasons we talked about, remember?"
She meets my eyes, and I see the return of her aggressive side, "Then do something else to me, right away." I look toward her husband. It is hard to say whether he is amazed or excited, or emotionally exhausted, maybe all of the above. But he says, "Go for it."
I help her sit up, so we can uncouple. I am struck by the raw sexuality of this woman, now naked except for arms still in the sleeves of a dress opened wide. "Go to the bed and spread for me." She rises immediately and while she walks toward the bed, eases her arms out of the sundress which drops to the floor. She climbs onto the bed, reclining on a pillow by the headboard. And she spreads her legs. I walk toward her, my erection completely obvious. and position myself on my knees between her legs. She whispers, "Please fuck me Michael. I want to feel your cock in me."
I look over my shoulder to observe Pete, who is now looking directly at a well-muscled man wearing only brief shorts, poised between his naked wife's spread, already glistening, thighs. I can see a combination of curiosity, lust and fear in Pete's expression. And I know why, because it's a guy thing. He is wondering whether he is about to see another man fuck his thoroughly seduced wife. He knows the blame is mostly his, and he doesn't know what to do with the powerful conflicting emotions.
I decide to act rather than speak. I move closer to her, and reach over her head to retrieve another pillow. I put it under her hips, lifting them toward me. I meet her eyes which reflect awareness of her new vulnerability. My next step registers initial surprise on her face, but surprise didn't last long. I insert two fingers, then three, deep finger fucking her, watching her expression turn from surprise to passion to almost pained expectation. I curl a finger upward to reconnect with her G-spot, and she gasps as her back arches, and she cums in seconds. Nothing like the almost acrobatic session on the couch. But the eyes that meet mine are warm and seem appreciative. I sense that she knows what will happen next.
"You are a very sexy lady, Jackie."
"You are a very sexy man, Michael."
I bend forward, sucking and tonguing her clit. The first wave of her orgasm begins in no more than a minute. Her gasping "oh god, oh fuck" becomes a chant. I put a hand beneath her and tease her ass; her hips thrust her pussy toward my mouth. I can tell that her orgasm is now non-stop. I rim her with my tongue, teasing intentionally, then force my tongue into her while reaching up to find and pinch her nipples. Her back arches higher. Her hip thrusts are almost violent. I use my shoulders to spread her legs even further while I force my tongue even deeper. And she explodes, violently. From behind me, I hear her husband muffled roar, as he finishes draining a cock that turns out to be a substantial addition to our club's male team.
She stays still for what seems like a long time. When her eyes open she says, "Will you hold me?" I help slide her legs together then crawl to lie down beside her; and I welcome her into my arms, gently.
I smile at her, "You'll have to excuse my boner."
She laughs, now playfully. "I tried to help you out with that."
I can't think of a safe reply, so just keep holding her.
She sighs, "That was incredible."
"What do you think your husband thought?"
She frowns then grins, "Oh, yeah, my husband. I forgot all about him." She said it so Pete could easily hear, and I hear his laugh. An almost sure sign that they were ready to swing.
Afterward, we drank wine together. They congratulated me on my handiwork. I told them it's a tough job, but someone has to do it. I told them they seemed like ideal new club members. The irrepressible Jackie said, "Good, the night's young, let's go back to bed."
It was one of those moments when the curse of leadership weighs heavily. If they were shoo-in candidates, certain to have a 100% aye vote, why was I not going back to bed with Jackie? As it has turned out, time was on my side. Pete is a good addition. Jackie is a force.