Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.
***
The noise woke me up. I looked at my phone and it said the time was just after 2am. Laughter. The laugher was coming from the basement. My sister's bedroom was down there and I knew she had her boyfriend, James, over.
My room was upstairs, two floors away, so it was weird that I heard anything. Jenna was 21, two years older than me, and she was home from college on summer break, and it seemed like James never left her side that summer. He was the same age as her, but that seemed to be about the only thing they had in common.
James is a cute guy. Slim build, toned. The slightest of facial hair stubble. At that point, he had been with Jenna for about five years. I think she lost her virginity to him. She always thought he was the nicest guy and the most chivalrous of men. And he was. He treated her great. They had fun. He made her laugh, obviously, because they just wouldn't shut up that night.
These laughs, however, were not the results of jokes; no, this was my favorite kind of laughter. They were getting down. So naturally, I ventured down the stairs, and put my ear to the basement door to eavesdrop. I'm a total voyeur, so I was already getting wet.
"Play with my balls," I heard James say, half whispered.
"Mmm you like that?" Jenna said, knowing he did.
"Fuck yeah, you're so good with your mouth. Mmm. Let me put it inside you."
I heard articles of clothing slipping off of bodies down there, and my right hand slid into my underwear between my legs and started massaging my own pussy. Yep, soaked. My other hand went up my t-shirt and I was playing with my left nipple. I wish I could see them; but I could hear just about everything, and the theatrical production in my mind made me feel like I was right in front of them.
I was enjoying this a lot. I had my fingers on my clit, it was getting wetter by the second. I was trying to keep quiet.
"Oh my god I'm so wet" Jenna said, a little bit too loud. "Me too," I muttered to myself.
The sound of sex in the basement was euphoria to my ears. The sound of their breath on each other's skin; the low moans of building to orgasm. The rhythmic creaking of the mattress guided my fingers around my clit, synchronizing my movements to the beat of what was happening behind that door and down the stairs. I imagined that it was James' fingers navigating my body. His fingers slipping inside me, curling two fingers as deeply as possible, as if he was signaling me to come closer. But I couldn't come any closer. I was about to cum, but I slowed. I like to tease myself.
I was biting my lip, and enjoying the slight bit of pain as it paired with my pleasure between my legs. My knees were trembling. I never masterbuate while standing, this is a bummer. The price one pays for voyeurism.
"Let me taste it," Jenna commanded to James, and from what I could assume he pulled his dick out of my sister and she put it back into her mouth, to taste his hard cock that was now drenched in her pussy juices. At that moment I pulled my right hand out of my own pussy and tasted my own fingers. "Mmm," I said to myself. I fucking love the taste of pussy. Especially mine.
"Put it back in," she said. "Make me cum." More rustling around as they were changing positions again. "Oh fuck I love how big you are." My fingers immediately went back inside me. How big is he? I wondered to myself.
"Oh yeah, you can take it," James said, trying to sound sexy and like a porn star, but being out of breath it almost just sounded cheesy.
More creaking of the springs in the bed. My orgasm was building and this time I'm just letting it happen. I need it. As I came, I had to fight hard to contain the moans I absolutely needed to produce. The orgams was intense, but I know it would have been way more intense if I could have let loose a scream loud enough to wake my parents and possibly the neighbors. My hand was drenched at this point, but no matter, I needed to cum more. Three fingers inside now, and I would alternate slipping them out and fingering my asshole at the same time. I was so wet, I could easily slip a finger or two in with my own self-lubrication. I'm not big on anal, but I could play with my asshole all day.
The rhythm of James' thrusting was getting faster, which is a guy's surefire sign that he's ready to cum. Jenna was squealing and I could tell she was close. He grunted his way through busting inside my sister, and Jenna confirmed her orgasm with "Oh god I'm cumming baby. I'm cumming, don't stop. Don't stop."
He didn't. He kept pounding as she came. Good boy.
"Lick it, I want more," Jenna whispered. I'm visualizing James pulling his spent cock out of my sister and sliding down her body to put his face between her thighs. I need a face between my thighs. My left nipple is rock solid, so I moved my hand to my right nipple to get that one in play. Meanwhile, my clit is throbbing and ready to cum again.
"Mmmm," James moaned, with a mouthful of my sister's pussy. I could hear the wetness of his tongue mixing with the wetness of her pussy, and you just knew he was eating her good. I mean, at this point I don't know if I was actually hearing some of this stuff or if my brain was making me hear sounds I wanted to hear. God I need to get eaten. Orgasms of all kinds are great, but the best orgasm is brought about by another human's tongue.
I haven't had a boyfriend in months, and the closest I've had to sex since then was about 3 times a day (every damn day) with my vibrating purple friend. My budget for batteries has increased a lot in the past half a year. What's crazy though is when I masturbate, I literally never fantasize about men. I always think about other girls. When I watch porn, which is often, I only watch girl on girl. Dick just does not do it for me. But, that night, I fingered my clit thinking about James' cock, and how it would grow inside me. I am very confident I could make him cum much harder than Jenna. She's cute, but I'm sexual. She'll have sex with you, I'll fuck you. She'll make you cum, I'll rock your fucking world.
James probably knows this. I've seen him check me out. I bet that he's fantasized about having his way with both me and Jenna at the same time. I can't say I'd decline. Might be fun. But knowing Jenna, she'd get all prude and say no.
"Ahhhhhh," I heard Jenna cum again, this time from his mouth. As she came, I came again. Imagining it was me getting eaten out as I worked my nipples. I came so hard I had to stop, as my body convulsed, and I had to catch my breath. I was panting. I was holding my breath for I don't know how long as I came that last time and I was dizzy and seeing stars.
As I regrouped, it took me a second to realize what I heard. Nothing. Silence. Where they done? I wasn't. Should I go downstairs and tell them I want more and that I wasn't done spying on them and the show can't be over already? No, of course not. But then, there was more rustling. Then footsteps. One of them was coming up from the basement, toward the door where I was.
I tiptoed as quickly as possibly out of there, around the corner toward the stairs to my room and ran back up as light footed as possible and got under my covers, ready to pretend I was sound asleep. I heard the kitchen faucet turn on, then off, then the refrigerator door open. And then that was it. The basement door opened, closed, and then footsteps faded back into the basement, and I was left with silence once again. This time, however, the silence felt final.
I laid in my bed, wide awake, staring at the ceiling. Fantasizing. I want to see James' cock. I will have it. He's going to fuck me, and I'm going to rock his world.