Such a funny thing, how very wrong one's perceptions can be.
Case in point: our very good friend, Elizabeth Stanton. She's a funny girl, our Libby: very stiff-upper-lip, born-with-silver- spoon-in-gob, haughty and snooty and how-to-do. She's the very definition of a rich snob: delightfully misanthropic, wickedly xenophobic and extraordinarily blinkered to the workings of the world in general. She is very nearly a caricature of the upper class -- yet somehow, she still manages to be fairly likable.
Despite her long list of shortfalls, she's not all bad. She is kind and loyal without fail to her friends, most notably to my wife (through whom I came to know our Libby), and there's something about the way she states her profoundly right-wing old-school beliefs that amuses rather than offends. Her being in possession of a fairly pretty face and long flowing blonde hair, along with a nice-and-tidy gym-honed body, shapely rump and generous bust probably helps in this department.
Not that I have ever held any seriously lecherous desires towards our Libby. I love my wife, you see, and I'll be forever loyal to her. And while Libby's behaviour is amusing in short doses, I've found myself over the years feeling sorry for her many and varied man-friends; it seems to take only a few weeks with Libby before they develop that pained, hounded, 'why-God-why' expression that marks a man as Libby's Current Beau.
So it came to pass one day -- ten years into my marriage and thus ten years after having first met our Libby -- that Libby came to stay with us, following the dissolution of yet another relationship with a live-in boyfriend. His tolerance of her whimsical (and not always faithful) ways had finally run dry, and to my secret amusement and admiration he had run her out of his house, depositing her furnishings and belongings in the front yard in a less-than-gentle fashion.
As often is the case in this situation, our Libby came to my missus for solace and comfort; and as has increasingly become the case since I made my millions and foolishly purchased a six-bedroom mansion half-way up a picturesque mountainside, the missus declared that of course Libby could stay with us while she sorted herself out. My missus's generosity knows no bounds. Especially when it comes to her generosity with my house, my belongings and my money. I still love her, though.
On one particular sunny summer's day during Libby's stay, with the missus gone to work and the kids gone to school, I had assumed my traditional work-day pose: parked in a sun-lounge by the pool, with a large pitcher of Long Island Iced Tea to help me brace for another hard day's work, and a laptop standing by should I feel the need to actually achieve anything. Life's hard for some of us, don't you know.
Hardly had I poured my first tall glass when Libby graced the scene, clad scantily and alluringly in a skimpy bikini and a sheer wrap-around sarong, which was hitched in a petite knot just above her shapely hips. "Well hello, Tom," she greeted, pulling her oversized sunglasses down to peer more obviously at my refreshments. "We're starting on the booze early for a Monday morning, aren't we?"
"Not at all, Libby my dear," declared I. "I find a few good 'Long Teas' are essential to brace against a busy week."
"Can I assume the spare glass is for me?" she asked.
"Either you or the poolboy," I grinned. "First in, best refreshed."
And so the drinks were poured, my laptop was ignored, and as we drank Libby and I talked about various banal trivialities, most of them involving herself. She is awfully good at talking about herself, our Libby. For shits and giggles I steered the conversation onto the topic of her latest break-up, trying to ascertain what level of blame -- if any -- she was willing to apportion herself.
"Oh Tom -- I just don't understand men," she said sadly. "I mean, Glen and I --" Glen being her most recent boyfriend "-- Glen and I were going so well! And then he just turns around and throws me out of his house! I just don't understand," she said again, punctuating her profundity with another sip of long tea.
"Could it have had anything to do," I ventured, "with your 'dalliances' with his best mate?"
"Oh Tom: really," she scolded, disapprovingly. "Now I know you and Kelly --" Kelly being my wife "-- you and Kelly store great stock in loyalty and faithfulness and all of that. And I think that's great," she added, in a terribly condescending tone that I just had to grin at -- as though she was declaring a toddler's few smears of blue paint on a crinkled canvas an artistic triumph. "That's really great," she reiterated. "But for some of us, a little bit of hanky-panky isn't really that bad. And it's not like I blew up when he kept going back to his ex-girlfriend for a bit of 'reminiscing'," she added.
"Oh no," said I, by way of agreement. "No no, you didn't blow up at him at all -- but me and Kelly heard all about it. And bloody ad-nauseum, too."
Libby's jaw dropped in mock outrage. "Tom!" she scolded, throwing a slice of lemon at me. "You know, you get quite the wicked tongue when you've been drinking."
"As opposed to you," I returned, "whose tongue turns positively saintly after a few brews."
"I don't hear too many complaints about my tongue, thank you," she said, with an immodest grin. "In fact -- have I ever told you about the time Glen said I should have my mouth insured?"
"Actually, yes you have," said I -- Glen's declaration referred to Libby's apparently priceless skill and ability at the fine art of fellacio. "You are simply too modest for words, Libby," I added.
Libby grinned, but it was a short-lived grin as she returned to her moody broodings. Her eyes fell to her own chest -- as they so often do; our Libby has forever been clearly and obviously infatuated with herself and her body, taking any and every opportunity to make eyes at her own reflection, or peer down her own cleavage, or occasionally even run a finger up and down her inner thigh when she (wrongly) thinks no-one is looking. Lord knows how she gets anything done when she's alone with herself; if God truly does kill a kitten every time one masturbates, then Libby must have a million dead cats on her conscience.
"It's because of my boobs," she suddenly said, which threw me somewhat from my thoughts of mass felinicide.
"How's that?" I said, spluttering from a little bit of inhaled long tea.
"Glen's ex had the biggest boobs," she explained. "He probably let her get away with anything, with tits like those. But poor old Libby, with these little puppies..." she said, grabbing her bikinied bosom and giving them a sad little jiggle "...there's no leeway for me."
Well, I thought. What was there to say to that? Libby's tits were by no means little or puppy-like; she was quite generously equipped with nicely round and fulsome C-bordering-on-D cup-fillers, and crammed as they were into her C-sized bikini top they were most pleasing on the eye. But even as she started saying "...maybe it's time to start saving up for the surgery... how much do fake tits cost these days?" I found myself wondering: how best to console Libby, and assure her of the perfect adequacy of her breasts, without crossing the line?
"Come on now, Libby," I scolded. "Let's have no more of that talk. Speaking as a guy, and as your friend -- and the husband of your best friend," I added, to dispel any possible dodginess ahead of time, "I can assure you that your tits are really, really nice."
Libby's face broke into a smile of relief. "Really?" she asked, heartened.
"Yes, Libby," I promised her, in as reassuring and brotherly and platonic a fashion as possible. "They really are a top pair. Don't you even think about putting them under the knife -- surgery would ruin them, they're already perfect as they are. Okay?"
"Okay," she nodded, visibly gladdened by my reassurances. She took a big sip of her long tea, as though she were steeling herself, and she put it to me: "Would you like to see them?" she asked, hopefully.
"See what?" I asked, frowning slightly.
"My tits," said Libby, brightly. "I'll show them to you if you'd like..."
My shoulders fell. 'Yes. Yes! YES PLEASE!' was the response issuing from my pelvis; 'No, no, I can't,' was my more rational, cranial response.
I sighed as I looked at her. I knew Libby wasn't being lecherous in the strictest sense, or intentionally disloyal against Kelly my wife in offering to flash me; she was just looking for affirmation, for a reinforcement of the support and encouragement I had already given. But I knew I couldn't let her do that. To agree, to say 'aw, okay, go on, show em to me' would be lecherous on my part, very lecherous -- I'm not that great a guy that I could let a girl show me her breasts only to help her feel better about herself. And if such a guy exists, I'd advise him to check himself for a pulse.
So I thought quickly, and came up with a way out of this moral quagmire that would leave the both of us relatively clean. "Now Libby," I said, gently. "You don't really want to show them to me, do you?"
"Well..." she said, reaching hesitatingly for the clasp on her back, making her breasts stand out and say 'hello!' in a fashion I tried desperately to ignore. "Kind of..."
"No you don't," I told her, kindly. "You just want to show them to 'somebody', don't you? You just want somebody, anybody to have a look at your tits and go 'phwoar!'. Don't you?"
Libby's face fell, and so did her arms, letting her breasts -- and myself -- relax. "I'm sorry..." she murmured.
"No no!" I quickly told her, before the tears came. "It's okay, Libs! It's fine, I understand. I get that way too, sometimes," I assured her. "Lots of people do. You just have a bit of an exhibitionist streak in you, that's all. You know what I mean?"
She looked at me, thinking on what I said. "Aw," she began. "I'm not sure about 'exhibitionist'... I mean, I'm not a deviant or anything," she added, lending a specially vindictive emphasis to 'deviant': making it sound as though these naughty exhibitionistic deviants were the scourge of the earth, hiding behind every rock and tree, prepared to leap out upon unsuspecting villagers and do wicked things to them.
"No, of course you're not a 'deviant'," I grinned. "But we all have a bit of that compulsive streak in us, you know? In all of us there's a little part of us that wants to show off our assets, to whip out our tits or our cock and ask a passer-by 'excuse me? Um... what do you think? Are these alright?' You know?"
Libby nodded along. "Yeah, I guess..." she allowed. "But what can I do? I'm sorry I asked you, Tom, I shouldn't have done that... you're my best friend's husband, I'm so sorry..."
"Water under the bridge," I assured her, as I reached for my laptop with its wireless modem. "But there's still hope, Libby. Let me show you this." She hopped up and came to sit with me, and I loaded up literotica.com and showed her the Amateur Photography forum, explaining to her how it worked and showing her a few threads to give her the general idea.
"Wow," she said, eyeing off some of the good-looking ladies I had loaded up for her.
"Yeah," I grinned. "So basically: if you're looking for a bit of affirmation, a bit of praise from random people all over the world, all you've got to do is take a few pictures of yourself, post them in your own thread, and let the good people lay their opinion."
"Do you think they'll like me?" she asked.
"Again: speaking only as a guy and as your friend," I began, "with your body: you'll be right up there with the hottest chicks. They're gunna love ya!" I promised her. "And all the guys and gals on literotica are very nice and really supportive: I promise there won't be a single negative thing said about you."
"Okay," she nodded, a smile morphing into a grin as she warmed to the concept. "Okay! I'll do it! Do you have a camera?"
"Right here," said I, reaching into my laptop bag.
"Alright," she beamed, and she reached back again for the clasp on her bikini -- my eyes widened.
"Whoa whoa whoa!" I cried, stopping her only just in time: the straps were undone and the top was half-way gone, the cups clinging precariously to Libby's breasts and only barely maintaining the mystery. "If you'll just give me half a second," I added, as she stared at me, wide-eyed and frozen, "I'll show you how to use the auto-timer."
She let this sink in, and then she laughed a little with embarrassment. "Sorry," she said, and I turned away graciously (if a little reluctantly) to allow her to reposition her top. "But still," she added, "I'm going to need your help to load it all up for me, and start all these 'threads' and stuff for me -- I'm not really very good at that sort of thing. And besides," she added again, and as I turned back to look at her with her top safely resecured, I saw she was grinning, "do you really expect me to believe you'll never look at my photos?"
I blinked -- she had me there. Loyal to Kelly as I might try to be, I knew there was no way in hell I could stop myself from checking out Libby's photos. I simply was not that strong a person. "Okay, you've got me there," I allowed, with a goofy grin. "But still: I'm sure you'll agree it would be better if you take the photos yourself. I'll look at your pics -- only to help you load them up, of course -- but it's best if I don't see your bare bits in person. You know?"
She was still grinning at me. "Fair enough," she agreed. "So: what do I do?"
I explained the auto-timer function to her, and gave her a few photography tips from what I had seen in the site's amateur photos: "Focus on your body, not your face -- we'll crop and trim the photos so they don't show your face, it's not a good idea to give people a chance to identify you. Get a few pics with your bikini on, maybe a couple pics as you're taking it off, and as many pics from as many angles as you like with your goodies out -- the camera's got lots of memory, and we'll only post the best shots," I assured her, as she nodded along. "And you only have to show as much or as little as you like -- there's no rule saying you have to show your pink bits or anything."
"Oh, that's good," she nodded, with relief. "I'd probably like to keep that to myself. At least for now..." she added, with an alluring grin.
I pulled a face. "I'll probably let you trim and crop those pics yourself," I told her, more for my own sake than hers. "Anyways: here's the camera. Run along to your room and go nuts."
"Does Kelly know about this site, Tom?" Libby asked, suddenly and out of the blue.
I paused, and looked at Libby as she beheld me: camera in hand, bikini and sheer wrap set to come off, body pert and lovely and soon to be forever immortalised on the interweb. "Frankly: no, she doesn't," I sighed. "See, I like to post the odd erotic story up on Literotica, but when I told Kelly about it she thought I was a weirdo, so I told her I'd stop."
"But... you didn't stop, did you?" Libby asked, with a grin at my naughtiness.
"No..." I allowed. "I slowed down, though. So obviously, I'd prefer if we didn't really mention any of this to Kelly."
"Gee, Tom," said Libby, in a surprisingly beguiling fashion. "We're sort of dabbling in a bit of a moral 'grey area' here: me showing you pictures of my naked body, you posting them on the net for me... Are you sure you want to do this?" she asked me, fixing me with a gloriously wicked smile that, I must confess, provoked a stirring in my shorts.
I returned her look with a raised eyebrow. "Are you sure I should be asking that of myself?" I rejoined. "Otherwise you'll have to load your own pictures..."
"Okay, okay," Libby allowed, heading off with the camera.
"Or if you can't figure it all out," I called after her, "you'll have to hire a hot-air balloon and drop pictures of your titties all over the town..."
"Okay, okay!" Libby cried, shooting a grin at me as she left.
Thus commenced perhaps the longest half-hour of my life, as I awaited Libby's return with more than a little anticipation. Yes, okay: strictly speaking, it wasn't entirely kosher, helping Libby out with her exhibitionism and checking out pictures of her in the buff. But, I reasoned, it was better than the alternative -- namely, letting her parade around naked in front of me; that way was fraught with temptation, and all righteous intentions and loyalty to my wife aside, I am only human -- who knew where such close-range hanky panky might have led? And I felt I was due some kudos for exercising massive restraint in not taking the pictures for her -- it was more than just a little tempting, let me tell you.
So I whiled away the time by checking out a few of my favourite Literotica-girls -- well, seeing I was already on the site, may as well, eh? -- and then I took a bit of a dip in the pool to cool down my ardour before Libby's return; a giant bulge in the shorts was not how I wanted to welcome her back. As I was towelling off, Libby came back: bikini and sarong back in place, clutching the camera preciously. "How'd you go?" I enquired.
"Pretty good," she reckoned, looking happy. "It's a lot of fun, actually! I wish I'd thought of this sooner -- of course there'd be a site like this on the internet," she declared.
"Alrighty -- shall we load them up and see how they look?"
"Let's do it," she affirmed, without a moment's hesitation.
So we sat side-by-side on my lounge as I plugged the camera into my laptop. "Righto, Libs: talk me through," I invited. "Tell me what you want to post and what you don't."
"Well, the first ones are of me with my bikini still on," Libby explained, as we looked them through. "But I couldn't keep my face out of the shots -- can you fix that?"
"Easily," I declared, cropping and trimming a few so that only her comely body remained. "How's that?"
"That's great, Tom! Now these ones," she continued, as we flicked onwards through the series, "are your suggestion: gradually taking my top off."
"Ah," I said approvingly, lingering on each pic: the first one was what I saw earlier, her reaching back to grab the clasps, her shoulders arcing back and her breasts standing out, round and proud and fulsome. The next pic: the clasp was undone, the straps were coming forward, but the shoulder straps remained in place and so did the cups.
I slowed down in moving through the pictures, taking time to linger and dwell on each one: the next, she had reached up for one shoulder strap and had pulled it down slightly, revealing a tantalising piece of her bare upper chest and shoulder; the next, the other shoulder strap was coming down, her other hand holding the cups to her breasts, though one cup was coming away slightly, revealing the creamy softness of the curve of her breast...
"You like so far?" she asked.
"Oh yeah..." I assured her. I tried to think only like a guy, just any random guy, looking at any random girl: I wasn't looking at pictures of my wife's best friend getting undressed, I was only looking at some random chick. As I trimmed and cropped her face out of each pic, I noted the look on her face: so far her eyes were cast downwards, surprisingly humble and demure, but with the next pic -- as she let the cups fall slightly, exposing more of those wondrous breasts but not yet the whole thing -- her eyes were suddenly raised, looking to the camera: enquiring, beguiling, asking 'you like what you see, don't you?'
"Wow," I said.
"They're good?" she asked, looking to me.
"They're great..." I breathed, no longer able to feign a detached interest. "Libs: you've done a slow strip-tease! I love when they do that! And I didn't even suggest it -- you did it all yourself!"
"You really do like it, don't you?" she grinned. "And you haven't even seen the whole thing yet!"
"Yeah, but the allure, the wait... that's what it's all about," I reckoned. "That's the best part."
"I've always thought so," Libby nodded, with a knowing grin. "You're a man after my own heart, Tom."
I said nothing to that; I steeled myself instead, knowing that the next pic would reveal all, and finally I would see them -- finally, Libby's breasts would be on show, in their full and beautiful glory. I flicked over, and...
"Aww what!?" I cried. Her top was back on, all of a sudden re-done and re-fastened, her breasts hidden safely away; and her face bore a terrible, cheeky, teasing grin as she waggled an admonishing finger at the camera.
She hooted with laughter. "Gotcha!" she cried. "How'd you like that?"
My jaw hung low as I beheld her. "...Damn you!" I cried. "You got me all riled up!"
"Really? Well thanks, Tom," she replied, with unaccustomed class.
"But you were up in your room for ages! Forever!" I railed. "All that time, for just four or five pics?!"
"Well..." she replied, and she started to go coy. "I actually took a lot more than that... but I deleted them off your camera after I saved them on my own computer. I thought it'd be best if you just showed me how to fix these ones up, and upload them, and then I could do the rest myself."
As I looked at her, and despite my towering frustration, I couldn't help but grin. "Damn you, Elizabeth Stanton," said I. "You got me a good one."
"I surely did," she grinned, the very definition of cheeky. "So go on: show me how to put them on the site, and I'll leave you alone."
I shook my head at her, but I was relieved all the same. It was for the best, in the long run, that I didn't see all of Libby's glory fresh out of my camera, right there and then, as we sat close together on the lounge by the pool. And her pics had proven a delicious tease, she got me good, and I couldn't help but appreciate her cheeky turn -- and it helped me see her in a whole new light.
I could see now, that behind her crass, uppity exterior was a surprisingly sensual, steamy yet tasteful restraint; yes, she wanted to show herself to all and sundry, but at the same time she wanted to do it classily and well. She wasn't one of those girls who posts up a picture of her glistening twat with little more than a "how-d'ya-do"; she was a slow-stripteaser, she'd let the people see herself but only at her own pace and under her own terms, slowly and evocatively, enticing and alluring. I found myself regarding her with a new-found respect and admiration, tinged with a slight border of lust -- what a body she had, and the way that she used it...
I shook my head to dispel those thoughts, and turned my mind to the task of presenting Our Libby to the world. I showed her how to set up a profile, under a name that we both soon settled upon: "Libya's Finest" was our decision, subtle and slightly misleading (she's never been anywhere near Libya, of course).
Once she had memorised her password and put in a few details, we went straight to the Amateur boards and started up her very own thread. I typed in the message body for her: "Hello all... Thought I might put up a few pics and see what you think... Here's one to start, let me know what you think and there could be more to come ;-)", along with the requisite attachment: the cropped picture of Libby, faceless but still bikini-clad.
With the time of day in Australia matching the time of night when the boards are swamped with Northern Americans, the picture's 'views' counter climbed skywards at a fantastic rate, and the responses came thick and fast: "yes yes yes!" enthused evander_69, "give us more!" demanded hot.quebeci, and "so very nice," reckoned socalgrl_86, which gave Libby a thrill when I explained her name meant 'southern California girl'. "A lesbian!" she trilled. "I like to think I'm liked by the lesbos," she added, preening at the thought of it.
Other responses were similarly flattering, coloured by a range of vulgarity that made our eyes roll; with sufficient encouragement received, a grinning Libby gave the all-clear for the next picture to go up, that being the one with the elbows-back, tits-forward and clasps-in-danger.
With the encouragement (and claims of Libby-inspired hard-ons and sticky orgasms) flying thick and fast, we kept putting up the pics: the clasps undone; one shoulder strap coming down; the second strap fallen, partial breast exposed; cups dangling precariously, showing so much, yet not nearly enough; and then...
"Top's back on, boys!" Libby commented, as we checked the last pic again: bikini top refastened, finger waggling in pretend admonition, and in cropping the pic I couldn't help but leave just enough of her face, just the half below the nose, so the world could behold that cheeky, teasing grin. As expected, a cavalcade of protests and begs for more followed on, but Libby merely grabbed the computer, started her own reply (she definitely had the hang of the whole thing by now) and typed:
"Sorry boys (and girls)... that's all for now. More later tho, I promise. Mwah!" she typed, and submitted her reply -- much to the howling chagrin of a thousand pervs around the globe, I'm sure.
"Well well," I couldn't help but grin. "Your little tease has got them frothing at the nether-regions now, you know. You'll be right up the top of their favourites list."
"But of course," she replied, fluffing her hair theatrically. "Now if you'll excuse me," she added, grabbing my camera, "my many fans have inspired me: I must go and take more photos, and store them away for another day."
I groaned inwardly at the deliciously excruciating thought of Libby posing for more pics, in my very own house and before my very own camera, but I managed to give her a smile all the same. "Enjoy yourself," I invited.
"I will," she promised. "And one more thing: what's your profile name on Literotica?"
"aussie_101," I informed her, frowning quizzically. "Why d'you ask?"
"Well, while I'm on the boards, I might look up a couple of your steamy stories," Libby grinned. "And is there a chance I might be able to find a few saucy self-portraits of your own?"
My jaw had dropped again, damn thing. "I'll never tell," was my evasive answer.
"Oh well," she said, and with a wistful sigh she added: "One can only hope..." and she turned and she was gone.
I waited motionless, fixed by the arse to my sun lounge, until I was sure she was long gone; for ages I had been nursing a raging, Libby-inspired hard-on of my own, concealed beneath the laptop, which I could only hope she hadn't seen straining valiantly against my shorts when she had snatched the laptop away to type her own final reply. When I was sure she had locked herself away in the guest bedroom with my camera, to strike who-knew how many erotic poses before the auto-timer, I leapt to my feet and made a beeline to the nearest bathroom; I whipped off my shorts and gave relief to my throbbing, long-neglected cock, wanking and pounding away at it without mercy.
As I wanked -- with an enormous, long-building orgasm pooling against my perineum and driving me to madness -- I imagined what Libby was doing at that exact moment: stripping slowly, languorously before my camera -- my camera! -- peeling her bikini off teasingly, putting her delicious body to the breeze for the benefit of all.
Or instead, I preferred to believe, perhaps she had let the camera lie. Perhaps she had gone online and found one of my stories; and as she read my writings perhaps she did as I did, casting her clothes roughly aside and pleasuring herself, touching herself, stroking away at her rock-hard clit as she alternated her other hand over her breasts and her sides, down to pound her fingers in and out of her sopping, moistened cunt, running them up her body and neck, tracing a fine glistening line of her own juices all over her body, and running her fingers into her mouth so that she could taste her own sweet headiness...
And finally I came, and I came hard, the first thick streamer of jizz flying so high it nearly struck me on the chin. And I tipped my head back and hollered, secure in the knowledge that Libby was at the other end of the house with a dozen expensively double-bricked walls between us; I grunted and groaned and tipped my head back and howled at the roof, exhausting the energy and urges and fantasies about Libby that I had so valiantly repressed for the length of the morning.
Once done, and pausing to shower and redress, I went back to my computer by the poolside. It was still open on Libby's Amateur thread, which was now up to page 11 of plaintive cries for "more, more, more!" from all around the world; as I checked some of them over, I wondered fleetingly what Libby was up to at that very moment, and I mused on the pictures she might be taking, the glorious images she had in store for all of us. I grinned, and closed the page.
It was time for a bit of work, I decided. It was time to do a bit of writing.
It was time to write a story about Libby. The first chapter, rather; and hopefully, with more to follow.