My interest in the new lifestyle (swinging) all started with one instance... I think the curiosity was there, but it needed the push to come out in the open.
I'd been dating a girl who'd known me all her life. Her parents and mine were friends long before any of us kids were brought into this world. We called ourselves cousins, because although we lived 500 miles away from each other growing up, we usually saw each other most of the summer.
We went on vacation together while her husband was starting to make plans to move out. A few weeks later, he moved out and I moved in. We'd been having sex and living together made it all the easier and convenient. I had my own room and she had hers. All went well for the first few months together. We had an accident and she had to get the morning after pill. She told me her hormones would go crazy and she would be moody. Sure enough, she started acting weird... distant... I was prepared and kept my distance, but offered her comfort. Somewhere along the line, we had a big fight. It lasted days... I'd tried making up with her (it was a simple, stupid thing, really, or so I thought). She told me she wanted to get space and she needed to think. That was fine. I could accept that. A couple of weeks went by... another fight over something I did, or didn't do... I thought it was blown out of proportion... We stopped talking for a long time.
Months down the line, after I realized she was dating other people (having played mind games with me and leaving me hanging), a guy came over. I heard the doorbell ring while I was in the bathroom. I'd heard his name before and heard her talk to him on the phone... I happened to be upstairs in the bathroom when he came in.... as I walked out of the bathroom, I heard whispering downstairs... Then, I heard the shuffling of clothes as a coat was being taken off and then smacking of lips as they kissed. I guess I was in a little bit of denial up to that point. I felt numb and shocked. My heart sank a little. I turned off the light in the bathroom and stood there for a second. I sat on the edge of the bath tub not sure what to do or think. After a couple of minutes, I heard feet coming up the steps. I freaked a little in case they came into the bathroom and saw me sitting there in the dark... What would I say or do? I saw the tops of heads through the bathroom door that was ½ way closed as they came up the stairs. The creaking of a loose board... A second later, I saw them walk right by. Liz was in the lead, almost pulling him to her bedroom. The guy looked tall and thin with brown hair and a goattie... He reminded me a little of Shaggy from Scoobie Doo cartoons.
I snuck back to my room and closed the door. I sat there still numb from shock. Curiosity was growing inside me. I turned off the music to see what I could hear. The bedrooms were separated by a wall mostly. The bathroom was a little off center from being between the two rooms. I could hear noises and movement. A few seconds would go by and I' ld hear a voice talking. I could usually hear what was being said, but they must have been keeping their voices a little lower than usual. I decided to go back to the bathroom and listen a little better. I sat there for about 30 seconds and I started to hear the bed squeak as somebody sat on the bed. I heard the smacking of lips again and some muffled talking... then giggling... I was wondering what was going on... Then I heard Liz moan- I knew that moan... the bed creaked... then the thumping of the headboard. My heart sank lower. I was getting pissed that this guy had come into the house I was living in and was screwing the girl I'd been screwing a few months earlier. I don't know why, but something came over me... I walked out of the dark of the bathroom and stood at the door. Thump, thump, thump... squeek, squeek, squeek... uhhh, uhhh, uhhh... I slowly put my hand on the doorknob, taking about 15 seconds , afraid of the doorknob making noise... I slowly turned the knob, keeping my hand on the door to muffle any noise the door might make while opening. I cracked it open the fraction of an inch... just enough to see what was going on (like I didn't already know...). I saw them from behind on the bed... Liz's legs spread wide open in the air...
The guy pumping his ass as his cock pounded away inside her. I could see the pink of her lips occasionally as his cock slid in and out of her swollen labia. Two minutes passed like that, the pounding, the slapping of skin on skin, the creaking, the moaning... They rolled around a little so she was on top. This time, I got a profile view of them as she rode him. Her tits were full and bounced as she humped him... He reached up and squeezed them, pinching her nipples. Her lips parted slightly as she moaned. Every few strokes, she would do a long slow stroke... After about 2 minutes, she leaned forward so their bodies were parallel. He pulled her tits to his mouth as he sucked on them. Her head went back as she bit her lip... Their pelvises meeting each other mid thrust... She fell off of him... Her face was red from the exercise... She sat up and looked down at his cock, which was wet from their juices, still oblivious to me watching. She grabbed the shaft and leaned down, taking it into her mouth. I realized about this time that I was feeling a cold spot on my leg... I looked down and realized that I was leaking precum in large amounts. The air was making the wet spot in my jeans feel cold. What the hell? I was pissed, yet turned on? How? Why? My hands were shaking.
I went back to watching... I was so afraid of being caught... Liz was bobbing her head, but not taking his member too deep. She had a problem with her gag reflex. She tried to make up for it with her tongue though. She would swirl it around the head and underside of a cock... I kept thinking about this as I watched, knowing from experience just what she was doing... what he was feeling and experiencing... She took his cock out of her mouth and started jerking him while she started sucking on his nuts... She stroked and swirled her hand around his cockhead, precum and saliva lubricating her hand. He moaned when she did this... I thought he was going to cum... After a little bit of this, he took her hand away from his cockhead and lifted her up a little and kissed her... He pushed her down and kissed her nipples, sucking on them and letting them pop out of her mouth. He mounted her, straddling her chest. I was having trouble seeing anything from this angle with the sheets scrunched up. I watched him titty-fuck her for a few seconds. I was nervous, scared, horny, afraid of being caught... I slowly closed the door taking my time to avoid the door making noise and alerting them to my presence. I slowly backed away from the door and went back to my room.
I sat there on my bed for a few minutes shaking, my heart pounding, trying to process what I'd just seen and experienced. I was furious, but so aroused. I didn't think of Liz as such a slut until now. Was it simply from a new perspective? I felt the wet spot on my jeans and gave my cock a quick squeeze. I was curious and wanted to see more. Could I do it again without being caught?? Were they through? I slowly opened the door again, and through the pounding of blood in my ears, I could hear the noise clearly again.
I slowly walked across the carpet and put my ear to the door, my hand on the knob. I slowly turned the handle, taking the same care I had earlier not to make noise. Now I had a great view. The guy had Liz's ass in the air and face in the pillow. She was moaning, but her voice was muffled in the pillow. The guy had one hand on her hip and the other near her shoulder as he thrust in and out of her pussy. He had a bit of a sneer on his face as he started to slow down on his thrusts. He started thrusting slower, but harder... The bed squeaked, the headboard thumped, and Liz moaned with each thrust. He finally pulled out and Liz turned over. She spread her legs wide, opening her pink sex. She grabbed his wet, shiny cock and pulled him to her pussy. He was over her and thrust into her with ease. He put a hand on each side of her as he mounted her, thrusting in and out. The thumping and squeaking continued. Liz reached up and grabbed his nipples and gave a slight squeeze. He threw his head back. She leaned up and licked sweat off his chest. She lay back for a few minutes while he did all the work. His pace started to change again. She reached behind him and grabbed his ass, pulling him deep into her. She started using her own hips to meet his thrusts.
In seconds, I could tell that he was cumming... and he was cumming deep inside of her! His balls had contracted. She freaked out when I'd had the condom break on me... Then I remembered that she'd started using the pill. He continued fucking her for a few seconds, his cock still throbbing in her. He pulled out with a wet sucking sound. His cock was coated with cum and juice. She grabbed him and gave him a couple of playful strokes. He grimaced as she did and pulled away from her hand. She giggled. He reached down and started playing with her wet pussy. Cum started running out of her and down the crack of her ass. She spread her legs wider and he dipped his fingers deeper in... Cum really came gushing out... He filled her up really well. As his fingers played around down there, the squishy noises became more apparent. He took his fingers and offered them to her mouth. She started sucking on them. She sat up and I could tell from the look on her face as she looked down that more cum flowed from her... She giggled again. She leaned down and took his cock into her mouth and cleaned him. I could tell that although he was no longer as hard as before, he was still sensitive. He grit his teeth and the tendons in his neck flexed. She laughed and he turned and went to the bathroom that was attached to her bedroom. She stood up and reached down her thigh and wiped some cum that started dripping out and followed. The shower started and I closed the door and returned to my room.
I heard thumping around coming from the shower they were in... the soap falling... I sat there and replayed everything in my mind... I got onto my computer and was unsure what to do, or think, or feel. I gave my crotch a squeeze... After a few minutes, a girl I'd been talking to online came on... She asked what was going on. I told her what just happened (without all the details). She said that she would be turned on. Yeah, so was I... my cock was still leaking precum and throbbing against my leg, but I didn't tell her that... We conversed for a little while as she told me about one of her first experiences watching a couple. I heard the shower stop and soon, Liz and the guy left the room and drove off. I was there with only my thoughts, and the computer. I got off the computer and went into the bedroom where all the action had played out. The bed was made, but I pulled back the sheets and found the wet spots. Just looking at the evidence was enough to get my cock hard again.
I don't think I need to tell you the rest. I never did get the chance to fuck Liz again and moved out a month later.
This is my first (maybe my only story). I don't expect it to be too good compared to some of the others I've read on here, but hopefully you like it.