Cujo was working on the port side engine when his cousin Kim warned him about the vessel approaching. It had no identification on the radar, and in these waters it could be a pirate ship or a fishing ship, so it had to be observed, in case rough measures were called for.
Marko was at the helm of the Flipper, and the radio quickly squawked out his warning.
"Unknown vessel please identify yourself and hold off," He instructed, just to be formal. If the ship was fishing, it would not be likely that they would have a radio.
Their salvage craft had not been named yet, although radar would show it as 'SV Jenny'. Kim knew what to do, bearing off at the best angle of escape, while the Flipper stayed on their beam.
"They have changed direction in an obvious move to intercept us," Kim shouted out for Cujo, so the big guy would get ready for action.
When he came up top, he had a military shotgun and a flak vest, with another vest in hand for his friend.
"Mayday, mayday, I have an unidentified vessel pursuing us at high speed, and we will be repelling any attempt to board us," Marko informed whoever was listening. His vessel could easily get away, but he was running security for his friend, and he was well equipped to do just that.
"Fire that 50 cal well in front of them Marko!" Cujo commanded.
Ten seconds later another cousin, who had military training fired their old machine gun, making a hell of a racket which any sailor would respond to immediately.
The response unfortunately was the opening of the port side windows and the barrels of two AK47s were pushed out, and fired without aiming.
"Rake it!" Cujo commanded over the microphone, just as Jasper opened fire directly at the waterline at the bow.
The 50 caliber bullets tore through the boat as if it was paper mache, and the nose dipped enough to know that the boat was damaged badly enough that it might not make it to shore. The pursuit was over, and Cujo was satisfied that they hadn't deliberately killed anyone.
There would be no assistance offered to the Honduras Pirates, but the incident was reported without mention of the machine gun.
"I'm heading back down to finish that turbo repair," Cujo told Kim. "Let Marko know they did great, but they can't go ahead of us until we are well into Belize."
"Eye eye Admiral," Kim joked.
"Keep some eyes on the horizon tonight, I want three on watch at a time so there will be no surprises," Cujo growled, "They must be desperate, if they're attacking two vessels, watch closely for another ship."
"Try to put me on a late watch, if I get this engine going, we'll be motoring faster than anyone else can go." Cujo growled as he pushed himself into his 24th hour.
Kim heard the port engine roar to life about an hour later, and ten minutes later Cujo came up, looking tired, but triumphant.
"Let's open her up but watch the temp," he commanded his first mate. The sails were no use to them at this time of year, unless they wanted to smash against the current and the wind.
Soon they were up to 7 knots, and Cujo knew that they would never be caught at that speed.
"Can I get two hours Kim?"
"Sure, bro, I've got the helm and I'll wake you in 2 hours or sooner if I need you.
All he got was a thumbs up as Cujo dropped into a lounge chair. He was snoring in less than five minutes.
Kim let him sleep until he couldn't stay awake himself, and then he woke his captain with a light touch on his well muscled shoulder.
"Sorry Cap, but I need you," he explained the situation.
"The sun is on the horizon, and Terry is at the helm on the Flipper,"
"Thanks for the extra Z's Kim, I'm getting old," Cujo murmured.
"Well, with good Captaining, and our 50 cal, you get to be another day older bro," Kim explained the way things work.
"Those other dudes either had a life raft, or they're in the drink, cause their boat disappeared from the radar, well before it should have," Kim reported.
"Good riddance to thieving rubbish," Cujo growled, "They poked the wrong bear," he roared out to the wind.
The rest of the sail was uneventful, and they found themselves coasting into their dock two days later, with kids running out to welcome them. Other Captains used their horns to welcome the new addition to the Seafaring Delight Charters.
They now employed over a dozen Belizians in the business, while they were mostly part time, that is the way they liked it. In Belize, working more than 20 hours a week was scoffed at. There was fishing and diving and farming to provide food, so why work your tail off?
Marny didn't see it as working. She just kept on going, like the energizer bunny on the commercial. She keeps going and going...
"We need more dock space," she complained, "...but Old man Burly has me hemmed in!"
Java had to be the voice of reason. "You're just going to have to see what he wants mom, he's got us by the short hairs, and he knows it. See what he needs," she suggested.
"I think I could convince him to sell, if I threw you in for a night of bliss," Marny teased her daughter, recalling how often the old man came out of his home, when Java was working on the dock.
"Don't be offering my virtue, he'd fuck you just as quick mom, I mean, if he can!" Java giggled.
Marny knocked on the wooden plank that Mr. Burly called a door.
"Hey Tomas, are you home," she hollered, while banging her fist on the door.
"Don't break it down you crazy bitch," Tomas Burly moaned as he pushed the door open, proving that hinges were actually a part of the mechanism. "Why are you interrupting my nap?" he declared.
"We want to buy out your 75 feet on our South," Marny explained. "What do you want for it Tomas?"
"I need two things, Mar, and one you don't got!" Mr. Burly instructed his neighbor. "I need to sell both sides, which I bet you can cover, but I need a nice retirement spot, and a woman to cook and comfort me during my old age."
Marny thought about it, and realized that it was not only a reasonable request, but she probably had a cousin or two that Tomas could choose from, with their own cabin too, though it was a 'shack' by North American standards, they were good homes to them, and when a cyclone tears them down, they just gather up the debris, and remake their homes, better than they had been before, which wasn't asking too much.
"I'll get back to you, but in the meantime, how much for both ends?" Marny needed to be prepared to hear the full cost of their expansion.
"I'll take 100k for the 200 feet, or rent it to you for 10, per year,'' he shrewdly offered.
"How about 10 percent of our profits for ten years, and a home to enjoy it in," Marny countered.
"I need 25 thousand for my bar tab," he insisted.
"We will cover that," Marny offered, and Tomas shook her hand. "You can start your dock work right away then, but what about the woman?" He moaned hopefully.
I can make no promises there Tomas, but if you continue to maintain the docks, we will give you a small pension, and all of my cousins love a man with a pension, and you can take your time picking one, she shrewdly offered her captivated neighbor. His eyes hadn't left Marny's upturned nipples during the entire conversation. She had been smart to negotiate topless.
"Is it really hard, Tomas," Marny asked in a smoky voice.
"Yes," he grunted, but his mind was elsewhere.
"Do you want to yank it right now Tomas? Go ahead, let's see it," Marny whispered.
Tomas pulled it out, and started to slowly stroke it, not like a maniac at all.
His penis didn't look like some shriveled piece of liver. It was actually not too awful looking Marny thought.
"My cousins will shake your world Tomas, very like how I am going to do you right now," Marny explained, then she dropped to her knees and she gently took over yanking the old dick on her tits, smiling all the time.
"My Aunties love the taste, but it's not for me," Marny explained with a laugh, as Tomas Burly sealed his deal with his loving neighbor.
Marny would sleep well tonight, knowing that a friendship with Tomas was very much in their best interests. The Burly brothers had worked hard to create these docks, and they had been well maintained.
"Can you watch the kids tonight mom," Java asked, her husband had been away for 5 days!
"Of course my dear, that's what Nana's are for!" Marny responded, smiling inside. It's wonderful when your daughter finds a man like Cujo, and she has him mesmerized.
But you couldn't blame a Nana who has 'accidentally' seen her son in law's full erection. That is something that she could not see, and then, 'not see'.
She also knew that Java kept it spicy in their bedroom, bringing in swinging couples, with confidence. Java had Captained many times now that they had two functioning vessels, and that didn't seem to bother Java or Cujo.
"We are going to check out every cabin in our new boat," Java confessed to her mother. "I asked Rob to show me how I would have been ravished, if he wasn't there to save my virtue." Cujo's real name was Rob, though only the family knew it. Cujo was a name that Stephen King would have called him, had he known him.
Rob was a lot like a St. Bernard in that he was bigger than normal, stronger than normal, and more loving than you could ask for, unless there was trouble... Then you wanted Cujo, and you wanted him on your side.
A third charter vessel would really set them as a high end Retreat and Spa.
"We need two more Captains, and I'm thinking we can entice a couple of Nurses that have, or will soon have their Certified Sexual Therapist credentials," Shylo explained during their weekly Company Meeting.
With their medical qualifications they can certainly get work visas in Belize, and they could get permanent resident status in about 5 years, if they want that option.
As the Company grew, their client list grew too, even though their required advance screening, now included a discrete psych evaluation with the blood work, and visual inspection, which could include other testing, etc.
They considered themselves lucky, that herpes or genital warts hadn't slashed through their ranks, and now they had simple protocols that reasonable adults might want to put into place, if they're going to have adult fun in the sun!
Chloe was a great choice. She was on the stout side, but that made her more commanding, which wasn't lost on a Captain. She had proven to be a great repeat crew member, and she wasn't attached to any one person in her Chattanooga neighborhood. When a big student debt was revealed, Shylo's institution was happy to shift some funds, to relieve that debt, and give them a big tax write off too.
Chloe would get an offer that would include shares in the business, so that she would have a personal interest in everything. Shylo flew to Chattanooga to make the offer on behalf of Seafaring Delight Charters. Everyone was confident that Chloe could learn the skills to be a Charter Captain, but Chloe decided to take a 6 month sabbatical from the Hospital, which she could gain through her Union as a 'skill enhancement' period.
She was newly certified in Sexual Therapy, so taking 6 months in a clinical environment to solidify those skills was not unusual, though it brought a smile to everyone's face.
"I fully believe that you will only be back here to sell everything that you can't bring with you," Shylo explained to Chloe.
"I hope you're right, I am tired of 'not quite fitting in'," Chloe sighed. "I never really feel the love, anywhere that I go."
"We need to figure out the Who of what you're looking for," Shylo suggested. "Or the multiple 'Whos," she seriously intoned. "Some people don't connect like others do. "What part of the body do you find the most attractive Chloe?"
"Well... to tell you the truth, I just love the mouth," Chloe admitted. "It can be a man, a woman, old or young, if I see it, I want to lick it and kiss it, and look at it closely."
"Unusual," Shylo admitted, then she ran her tongue slowly around her lips, while Chloe watched.
"Oh, that's not fair," she squealed.
"Do you want these lips on your pillow? Chloe? Do you want to love them for the night?"
"Oh, so unfair," she moaned.
Shylo did not take off any clothes, she merely lay in Chloe's bed, with her lips, center stage.
Chloe began with little kisses, all around Shylo's open maw. Then her tongue couldn't get enough, with kitten licks she tickled a lip, while her hands were probing Shylo's body, removing clothes along the way.
The kissing never stopped as Chloe pushed her fingers into Shylo's love nest. She easily found the G spot, and lightly started to stroke her desire into her lover, while she remained obsessed with Shylo's lips.
"Oh, my dear, you're going to find lots of love in Belize," Shylo was convinced that Chloe's fetish would not be a problem. "Once your lover knows what you want, you will be loved, my beautiful friend, and with that Shylo burst into an orgasm, and she allowed herself to fully express her passion, to Chloe's delight.
Within three months, Cujo and his crew had Jenny restored to a better state than she had been the day she ran aground. The official naming day brought out the usual scallywags and drunkards, most of whom got 30 or 40 days of work in these yards over the past 3 months, enough to keep them happy for a long time. If you want a cabinet maker or an avionics expert, Belize has the best, and they are all cousins of Marny's family.
Marny would be the first to Captain the Emerald of the Fleet.
This vessel was being premiered as a luxury health spa, so the weekly fee was a staggering $10k per person. They had three couples in for the maiden voyage, so it would be caviar and shrimp, produced by the best chief that Marny could scrape up, and she was a cousin!
Ruby was 28 years old, and a single mother of 3, her brood would school with Marny's grandchildren, and they would be watched over by her best friend Caraco.
Ruby had chief schooling in New York and New Orleans, so she commanded a good salary, so Java had to move everyone upwards in the system, with full health benefits and 401K's. With this added income, they could afford it.
Marny had friends and cousins that were lawyers too, but she couldn't think of one that she felt comfortable with until Caraco let her know that her son Bishop had passed the Bar and would be practicing law in Belize City. He had been a beach bum for two or three summers, but he had finally completed his studies in Panama.
"Let's get him on board a bigger Central America Firm, as their Belize Connection," Marny suggested to Shylo during their next Skype Business Meeting.
"Oh, I'm sure that I know a guy, but let me talk it over with Major Rodriguez, to make sure there isn't some backdoor government espionage thing going on with them." Shylo told Jerry everything that she did, or planned to do in Central America. He was in the U.S. Intelligence circle, and in his case, he actually knows everyone.
Within a month, Bishop was home with his mom, opening an office of Rolland, Fitzgerald and Taff, as an associate with an excellent starting salary of his own.
"Caraco, I want Bishop to crew my Emerald for a few weeks, just so he knows our business inside and out. Do you think he can manage that?" Marny shrewdly challenged her friend, before even talking to the young man.
"Oh, he can catch the edge of the wind, woman, but he won't be sucking anyone's dick," she boldly predicted.
"Well, you know my business Car, but no one has to do anything that they don't want to do, and I don't think that a big tip would be enough to turn that man gay, so I wouldn't worry about that," Marny responded. "I will be turning out our new Chief in his direction whenever I can," Marny thought it best to keep Caraco informed where her son was certainly involved, even in the romance department.
"Three kids built in," Caraco mused, "...but she's a solid woman and she turns a skillet into a pot of gold, so I hope he likes those big tits of hers."
With the mothers acceptance Marny was sure that she could work some magic.
"Well, you will be following the Captains orders, and enjoying yourself when you're done," Marny explained to the new crew. "Chief Ruby is in charge of the Galley of course, and you will have to help her with food prep, when at anchor, but I think that you will find that to be easy work," Marny instructed the young Master Bishop.
The one tough sell had been the uniform, which was a bikini bottom, more of a female look, with Seafaring on one butt cheek and Charters on the other, but after teasing him with that for the first day, Marny had given him the other two outfits, which involved real shorts of the same style, but no shirt. The vessel had weather gear, for use during squalls, but the shorts would be the only clothing that would normally be used by the crew members.
Of course Ruby had to wear the bikini bottoms alone, and her breasts were a thing of beauty. They were too big not to sag, but she kept her shoulders back, and wore them proudly. Of course she had an apron that she could throw on, but she seldom needed to do that.
Bishop may have been 4 years younger, but the swaying tits caught his attention right away, just like Marny knew they would.
The first test run of the Emerald, would include a full menu, and four local couples were carefully chosen to be passengers for a three night cruise.
Ruby prepared Sail Fish steaks for the first night, including broasted potatoes instead of the rice that locals would be used to, but the sauce was so creamy and savory and the wine paired with it perfectly.
One of the couples had a guitar, so the music was slow and easy to sing to, for those that so chose. Marny could see that Bishop had chosen a spot to sit, where he could look at Ruby, without appearing to be too freaky, and Ruby knew it too.
The game included stretches that posed her tits against the moon light.
Marny caught Ruby's eye, and she blushed a bit.
Before heading in for the night, Marny suggested that they leave the stereo on for a while, so that the couples will have more 'privacy', but really they were putting out some noise to cover up the moans and groans.
Of course Marny already knew every sound that her vessel made, and no canned music was going to change that. She could feel the rocking the moment it started, and the sound soon grew, to match the passion.
It would have been nice to have a partner there, Marny thought, as she slowly rocked into a deep slumber.
Two hours later, Marny woke up with a start, when she realized that the loud moans were not in her dreams.
Ruby was LOUD and she couldn't stop. Or maybe she could, but she didn't want to?! Bishop was making his own noise, as he pumped away into her pussy. He was attached to one of her nipples, with the suction of his lips, and the two actions were having an incredible effect on Ruby.
Of course it only lasted for ten minutes, but it's hard to explain how long ten minutes can be. The moans were heartfelt and genuine, making it so arousing that other moans were soon filling the air, and Marny could tell that the vessel was being rocked from all quarters.
Even Marny gave in to the love potion and diddled herself while imagining her favorite cock.
The next day, thoughts of improving the sound insulation on the Chief's quarters, seemed irrelevant, as everyone was so rosy cheeked and happy.
Breakfast was hearty, and on time, although a few of the beaming ladies helped Ruby to get it ready. They wanted to whisper their thanks to Ruby, although she insisted that she didn't know what they were talking about.
Bishop was also helpful, though he was asleep at the rail, when they moved to another spot.
Marny let him sleep. He would need his rest for the night.
With the completion of the shakedown sail, the vessel was declared sea worthy, and messages were sent out, confirming reservations for the following weeks. Bishop would be sailing too, until he felt 'comfortable' was the only guideline that he would tell Marny, for how long he would stay on board.
Shylo was looking into some property closer to Mexico along the northern section of the coast, and Bishop used the off week to scout it out, and to check out the title of the neighboring properties. There were no structures on the island, and none of the locals could say who they thought owned the land, which made the documentation easier. As it was, tons of soil had to be dredged to make the island higher, and more sustainable. The interior flooded out during three seasons of the year, and the saltwater intrusion ruined a lot of the foliage.
Bishop could see the future beauty of the island. If the interior were protected, there would be fields of flowers and even a pond could be maintained for a water source, if they built an aquifer.
"If you can put a few hundred tons of soil, in just the right places, you will have a gem there, Shylo," Bishop reported via Skype. "I have two local companies ready to start dredging, but I have to get a Minister's report on the environmental impact."
"Can Java help us there?" Shylo mused.
"I already talked to Mrs. Corker, she's the Minister of the Environment," Bishop reported. "I worked for her a couple of summers ago, refurbishing her Condo in Placencia", Bishop admitted. "She suggested that I have someone from the fisheries look at it, and if they sign off, we will be okay."
"So I went to the Ministry of Fish and Wildlife, and they will send out some Doctoral Student on Tuesday, and I will take him out there for a look." Bishop finished.
Java and Cujo wanted to see the island. They had lived here their whole life, and they couldn't remember the spot.
As they rounded the bay, in the Flipper, Java remembered how pitiful the island was. Kids would use just such a place to have their fun, but this spot was so mosquito infested that it had never been seriously considered valuable.
Bruce was a student of Geo-morphology, and in Belize that meant that he studied the effect of wave action on the shoreline.
"I can see why you like this spot," he said, as he looked out at the view. The breeze was keeping the insects at bay.
They let Bruce roam freely about the island, but he only lasted 20 minutes. He came running back to the shore, slapping himself to be free of the little sand flies and midges.
"Okay, I've seen enough," he cried as he jumped into the boat. "As long as you take the fill from the channel, you can bury the place for all I care!" Bruce shouted as he slapped the airborne menaces. "If you kill a few million mosquitos, there will be no tears shed in Belize," Bruce confirmed.
Three days later, both of the barge companies were sucking up beautiful river runoff silt from around the Capillia River, and pumping it into carefully chosen places around the North perimeter of the Island. Shylo had hired a contractor from Panama, who understood golf course design, and though she did not want a golf course, she needed someone who understood the hydroponics of water movement, and landscape.
Marny suggested that Mr Burly could be used for his dock building skills, even suggesting that he build his own hut, where he can manage her docks, so he took his own, newly purchased skiff, to survey the shore, and to recommend where to install the landing.
"They wouldn't let me buy the island", Shylo told Marny. "I did get a one hundred year lease, with an option for a hundred more, so I think we will get some use out of the place before we have to give it back!" she laughed.
"The dredging alone will be at least $100k, so I guess it's not free, and we will leave it better than we found it, so I think that will be something worthwhile," she confessed.
Tomas surveyed the Island, and insisted that the docks had to be on the North shore, and they needed a rock jetty running parallel to the channel, to keep the wave surge from disrupting dock activity. Shylo loved the idea, since it left the South shore as a natural building spot, with a view down the channel. There would be sunset views on the West, with low mountains in the distance, and sun rises on the East, with the sun coming up over Ambergris Caye, over 30 miles away and well over the horizon.
"The price tag was cheep too, $1.00, but we have to pay at least $5,000 per year in tourism taxes, when the structure is complete," Shylo explained the general terms of the property deal.
Shylo gave Tomas the okay to start building the dock house, where he would be able to retire, and oversee the dock, and from there he had to coordinate the building of the piers and the Jetty to meet his strict specifications. Tomas was also valuable with their interactions with the two companies spewing the black sludge from the channel. He kept them focused on the perimeter of the island, leaving the center, below the water line. They were able to dump the rocks at the Jetty for free, while dropping nothing but black silt on the shoreline. The core of the island was limestone, which created a natural aquifer for the pond, which would be much larger when it was completed.
Marny was surprised when she couldn't find Mr. Burly, to introduce him to Plinky. She was a distant cousin, with no kids, and no man. She could cook well enough, and she wasn't hard to look at, so she thought it was a match made in heaven!
"Mosquito Island!" Marny cried when she heard where Shylo's new resort would be. "I can't see it,... all of that money won't protect them from the mosquitos!"
"They will transform it," Bishop assured her. With our help they will get rid of the pests naturally, with predators like birds and dragonflies, and better landscaping will cut down on their breeding ground. "Shylo said that she will have a bed for me there, but I'm not sure what that means," he admitted. "Something about having sleeping quarters and eating areas, like a big commune," but I'll wait until I see the plans, before I decide," he confessed.
"I think they would have fucked you on the table," Rob suggested to his naked wife, prior to bending her over the surface, and pushing into her vagina with his massive cock. He stroked it deeply into her. "Some of them would have been cheering on the fucker, yelling 'deeper' and 'harder'," he continued, while thrusting deeper and harder.
Java's moans could be heard throughout the vessel, but no one else was there.
"Then they would flip you over..." Cujo lifted his wife and rotated to lay on his back, while she rode him like a cowgirl. "I'm sure one of those perky lads would be pushing into your butt, right about now."
Of course there were no pirates, and no other cocks, but the one that Java loved to love.
When Java started to cum, Rob pushed her arms up behind her back, as if she were a rag doll, and he, the doll maker.
"Oh Daddy! Oh man!" Java shattered into another orgasm as she kissed her man to convey as much love as she could.
"I guess we built that table right," Cujo laughed. "And the beds, and the Nav station, and the showers!"
"We should do it on the bow, like in Titanic!" Java giggled. "Although we should wait until the moon isn't lighting the place up!" The Emerald was at the dock side, so they would certainly draw an audience if they tried that move.
"When you are the Captain, and I am your cabin boy, I will have to orchestrate a mutiny!" Cujo exclaimed. "Then we can show you some humility! His eyes were glazing, while he imagined the scene.
"I hope you can set up a swingers cruise real soon Java," Rob pouted.
"Oh, you would like that I suppose," Java teased her lusty partner, but she got wet, just thinking of the fun they could have, with the right people.
"You would make an awful cabin boy though, I'm thinking that Bishop would do the job better," she teased.
"As long as I'm there, to teach you a lesson, I'd be okay with that," Cujo concluded, believing that no one could make his wife cum, like he could, but he was willing to learn something new, if there was anything left to learn!
"Shylo says that I'll be training Chloe pretty soon, I hope she's a fast learner.
"I'm sure that I could teach her a few things," Cujo suggested.
"I'm sure that you could, dear." Java would watch, to make sure of it!