Malla's Girls trip
Malaika and her girl gang decided to go on an all-girls trip to beach location. They all wanted to party hard and not be recognised. Ibiza was being discussed, as many Indians don't venture to that party island. It's a very European heavy location, which was perfect for the ladies. They wanted to go incognito and not be disturbed by fans. Ibiza was confirmed and Malla, as she is affectionately called, along with her sister Amrita, her besties Karisma, Kareena and Sophie Choudry were the recognizable women in the group along with couple of her other close friends. It was a group of 7 women, and they had all packed swim wear and skimpy dresses for partying in Ibiza.
After her divorce with Arbaaz, Malla wanted to let loose and become more promiscuous. However, she found Arjun and she was not complaining, as Arjun was great to her and he satisfied her sexual desires better than Arbaaz. However, recently, she had been craving more and with Arjun away on shoots, her need for sex had increased drastically. She was now continuously hungry for some good dick and it became very difficult to find, especially given her status.
On the first day the ladies arrived at the resort in Ibiza, they all got changed for a day at the beach. They spent the day tanning, gossiping, playing water sports and enjoying some good drinks as well. It was the perfect way to start the holiday off. Their evening plans were set, to go for a nice dinner and then to head to the club for a night of dancing. Malla decided to wear a tiny dress, which had a low neck and was backless and it just about covered her pert derriere. It was a red and black dress with spaghetti straps. Given the dress, she decided not to wear a bra, but decided to wear a G-string panty that matched the outfit. The low-cut dress showed off her cleavage and just about covered her areolas. She was no longer in India so she could dress-up as scantily as she wanted.
The girls met up at the restaurant, all looking extremely sexy and glammed up and sat down to enjoy the night. While chatting and laughing together on the table, Malla's eyes caught the eye of this young handsome looking man of mixed heritage. He was sitting at the bar of the restaurant with couple of his mates, having a few drinks. She was clearly infatuated by him and for some reason felt like she had seen him somewhere. Throughout the night, the two exchanged lustful glances at one another and with every glance Malla would get butterflies in her stomach. These were of excitement and wonder. Once the ladies had finished their dinner and paid their dues, they decided to leave. Just before they left, Malla stole an opportunity from the girls (stating she needed to use the toilet) and went back towards the young man and motioned him to come near her, away from his friends, which he did happily.
"Hi, so listen, my friends and I are heading to the club down the road for the night. When you are free, come and meet me there."
"I am not much of a club dancer, why don't you stick around here?" the young man asked
Malla came close to him and whispered seductively in his ear "listen, if you are lucky, you will get to see more than just my dance moves in the club...up to you." She gave him a little kiss on his cheek and winked at him and turned around walked away. The man watched her walk away, in that tiny and tight dress, in which her beautiful butt was swaying, and she was clearly not wearing a bra. The young man went back to his friends and convinced them to come to the club. It took a while, but they decided to join him.
Malla and the girls reached the club, acquired a table and ordered lots of drinks to get started. The club was bouncing but not completely packed, which was great. The girls started dancing on the table and the dance floor. After about 45 minutes or so, while dancing, Malla saw the young man walk into the club and which made her happy and now extremely horny. She wanted to dirty dance with the man and do all the naughty things that were running in her mind to him. He stood by the bar and watched her move on the dance floor. Malla decided to pull out her seductive moves while dancing with Sophie. After a while, she decided to walkover to the bar, where he stood and ordered a couple of drinks, one for him and one for her. She looked at him and went close to him and spoke in his ear, "I am glad you came."
"Well the invitation was too enticing not to." He answered in her ear. He already had one hand on her waist, and she had one hand on his shoulder. "My name is Joe and you are Malaika Arora"
"You know who I am?"
"Yeah. I am actually a dancer and have danced in one of your songs, Hello Hello"
"So, you can dance then! Good. Let's finish this drink and then dance." They clinked their glasses, and both downed their drinks. She then grabbed his hand and took him to the dance floor. The two started dancing, seductively, as his hands went up her leg, on to her butt and then back. He just knew exactly where to place his fingers while they danced, which meant Malla got goosebumps. She turned around and started twerking on his groin, as the other girls looked at Malla seducing this gorgeous hunk of a man. The girls gave Malla her space so that she could enjoy herself.
Joe was really enjoying the dirty dancing with Malaika. She really knew how to use her body in a seductive way on the dance floor. Malla turned around and the two looked at each other lustfully, his hands which were on her waist, moved slowly down on to her ass. Malla moved one of her hands down to his groin and felt a throbbing boner through his jeans. She was mighty impressed with what she felt, and a smile broke across her face, knowing full well that this man was going to fuck her good tonight. She leaned into him and whispered, "Meet me outside the club in 10 minutes!" Joe nodded as she walked away from him to go to her table. Joe went to his friends to let them know that he was heading back and not expect him to come back till morning.
Malla grabbed her purse and quickly informed the girls that she was heading back, with a little wink and the girls understood. Before she went outside, she quickly went to the washroom, to just check-up on her make-up and dress. She then had a little naughty idea. She lifted her dress slightly and pulled down her panties. While dirty dancing with the man, she had gotten wet and her g-strong was now slightly wet. She knew, Joe would get turned on by the fact that she was now going commando, which meant he had easy access. There was no need to play hard to get, she had already made her intentions clear to him, she wanted a good fuck.
As she arrived outside the club, Joe had already got them a taxi back to the hotel. Malla got into the cab and Joe followed her in. It was going to be a 10-minute ride, and given the sexual tension between the two, it was going to be difficult to keep their hands off each other. Malla slyly gave him the g-string she had taken off. Joe had a wicked smile on his face, as he held the moist g-string. He smelt it and enjoyed the aroma of her pussy and placed into his pocked. Joe already had one hand on her smooth thigh and started to slowly move his hand up her thigh. Malla looked at him, raised her eyebrow and then just nodded her approval for him to carry on going. She opened her legs ever so slightly, so that Joe could make his way towards her wet cunt. Joe got to her pussy, felt that she had a nicely shaped landing strip and instantly started slowly playing with her clit. Malla moaned softly, as not to arouse suspicion from the driver. The two of them looked into each other's eyes lustfully. If Malla had her way, she would have jumped Joe and ridden him in the back seat until she was satisfied. She did have goosebumps, as Joe played with her clit. He then slowly inserted one finger in her tight pussy, and she let out a little moan of pleasure. The taxi driver gazed up from the road, to see the couple in the back seat. He knew what was going on, but really didn't care, as long as the two don't engage in sex.
Malla felt his finger go deeper into her wet cunt, as her body started to become hot. She spread her legs a bit more and started gyrating her hips slowly. Joe came in close to Malla's ear and whispered, "I love how wet you are!" He slowly increased his fingering pace, which made Malla let out slightly louder moans of pleasure. She kissed Joe's neck and started sucking on it, so that she stopped moaning. Joe was now using his thumb to play with her clit and used his index and middle finger to continue to finger fuck her. Malla bit his neck and then shoulder to stop herself from moaning loudly in pleasure.
"You keep doing what you are doing, my pussy will become even more wet!" Malla sensually whispered in his ear. They were close to the hotel and she was close to her orgasm as well. The two kissed passionately, with their tongues wrestling with each other, while Joe's fingers and thumb continued to work their magic on Malla's pussy. As the driver pulled up to the hotel, Malla felt her orgasm hit as well. Joe felt her pussy gush and her pussy juices were dripping out. Malla had bit down on Joe's neck, as her orgasm hit, to stop herself from moaning loudly in pleasure. The driver came to a halt, as Malla continued to breathe heavily, allowing for her orgasm to subside. Joe pulled out his wallet and paid the driver, got out of the car and opened the door for Malla to step out. Malla got out of the car, while leaving a little pool of her pussy juice on the back seat of the car.
"That was so hot! My pussy is hungry for more!" She whispered in his ear, as the two walked into the hotel. Malla led Joe towards the lift, as a few eyes followed the pair to the lift. There was clearly a lot of sexual chemistry between the pair and it was obvious for everyone to see. The two continue to look at each other with a lot of lust. Joe's hands moved down from her back down to her pert ass. Malla had one hand on the back of his neck and the other on his groin and was slowly rubbing it. It felt like the two might jump on each other in front of everyone, but they held off. The lift finally arrived the two walked into the lift followed in with a few more people. The other people in the lift could feel the sexual tension that was there between Malla and Joe and one of the women in the lift also sensed the aroma of vaginal fluids in the lift, coming from Malla. The other people stepped off before Joe and Malla who were heading to the fifth floor.
As soon as the two of them were alone in the lift, they started kissing passionately, with Malla quickly unzipped his jeans and got her first proper feel of his hardening cock. She was extremely impressed with his size, the biggest she had encountered. Joe had his hands on her ass and pulled her dress up and slapped her ass. Malla broke her kiss, "I like that! Spank me harder!" Malla was feeling super naughty and horny and wanted to really have a fun night. Joe spanked her again harder and Malla moaned in pleasure and let out a little yelp of excitement as well. Joe lifted her up, with both her long legs wrapped around his waist, the two continued to kiss passionately, as he carried her against the lift mirror. Malla could feel that he was completely hard and just as she was about to pull his cock out, the lift stopped, and they arrived on their floor.
The two of them stopped, and Malla got back down on her feet. Her dress had slipped slightly, and her boob was now showing, which she covered up. The two walked out of the lift, looking slightly sheepish, both wanting to continue what they started. Malla led Joe to her room which when they entered was quite a large room with a luxurious balcony attached as well, with a big king size bed. As the door closed, Joe started kissing the back of her neck and shoulder, however Malla immediately stopped her. "What are you doing?"
"Kissing your neck..."
"Listen, we are not in love, so let's not waste time with this! I just want to fuck and nothing more!" As she said that, she went down and pulled out his massive cock. "Now this is what I want! A big fat cock." She was fascinated by the size of his cock. It really was the biggest she had seen and couldn't wait to get stuffed by him. "I am already turned on by this beautiful cock!" She took the cock in her mouth and started sucking him off. She used both her hands to jerk him off while sucking him. Joe immediately realised that she loved giving head. Malla could not take his whole cock in her mouth, but did her best, as she continued to give a slobbering blowjob. As she came back up, with a little cough, "Wow! I love how big you are!"
"Can you handle it?" Joe teased her, as she looked up at him, while jerking him off.
"It's more a question of whether you have the stamina to fuck me all night!" Joe immediately grabbed her and flung her over her his shoulder and carried her to the bed and put her down. Malla was on her back and her skimpy dress no longer doing its job of covering her modesty properly anymore, not that it mattered. Her nipples were now on display and her dress had risen to reveal her glistening pussy, with a neat little landing strip. Joe undid his jeans and dropped them on the floor, along with his boxers. He was completely hard and got on top of Malla and started teasing her pussy with his cock.
"Are you ready for me?"
"My pussy is all yours for the night! I really want your big dick." Joe tapped his cock on her clit a bit more and then inserted it into her tight wet pussy. "Oh WOW! You are so big! I love it!" Malla moaned as she had never before. She felt her pussy stretch for his big cock as Joe started to slowly fuck her. His hands were beside her head as he started to fuck her with me more intensity, as Malla wrapped her legs around him. Her boobs shook with the ferocity of the fucking as she felt his cock go deep inside of her pussy. Malla was now really moaning in pleasure, like she never moaned before. "Oh my god! Take that pussy! Make that pussy yours!" with every strong penetration of his cock, she felt her orgasm was close. He was hitting the G-spot like no other man ever had. "Keep going! I am going to cum!" Another couple of strong penetrative moves, Malla's pussy twitched, and her orgasm hit. "Oh FUCKK!!!!!" Joe immediately slowed down his fucking, as Malla was extremely sensitive, and her pussy was excreting juices like never before. Joe continued to slowly fuck her, as Malla moaned in pleasure, as she moved her hand down to her clit and started rubbing it slowly.
"Pull out! I want to taste my juices." Joe pulled out of her drenched pussy and moved up, close to her face so that she can suck on his pussy-soaked cock. As she started to suck on his cock, he had another idea. He pulled away much to her disappointment and grabbed her by the waist and lifted her and turned her upside down so that her pussy was in front of his face and she was facing his cock. "Oh my! I've not been handled like this before nor been in this position!" Malla was super excited she started sucking his cock, while he licked her pussy for the for the first time in the night. She tasted amazing and it was wonderful pussy juice that he sucked out of her pussy.
Malla felt his tongue on and in her pussy and she was so turned on. He was good at eating pussy as well! She gagged on his cock, while also moaning from the pleasure he was giving her. Joe started bucking his hips which meant he started fucking Malla's mouth, which made her gag even more! She loved being handled like this, as no man previously had the capability to this with her. She used her hands to stop him fucking her mouth and said "I want you to fuck me again! I want to feel this rock-hard cock stretch me out!" Joe flung her back on the bed and he got on the bed flipped her over in the doggy position (Malla's favourite). Her dress had now slid off the top off her shoulders and was now all scrunched up on her mid rift.
He tapped his cock on her ass crack and then her pussy and this time really inserted his dick into her wet cunt with force. "OH YESS! Stretch out that pussy! Fuck me!" Joe grabbed her waist and really started pounding her, which made her boobs jiggle with some intensity. He spanked her ass hard which made her yelp in excitement. Malla was loving getting fucked like a sex hungry slut. "FUCK FUCK FUCK! Yes, keep pounding me like that! I can take it!" Malla could feel her pussy getting stretched but couldn't care less. Joe grabbed her boobs as well while pounding into her pussy. She was getting wetter and wetter, as it was now sounding like puddle of water with every thrust. She was close once again to another orgasm and sensed this would be a big one. "Don't stop! I'm so close...YES! OH MY GOD!" Her body shook from the intensity of the orgasm. Her pussy juices dripping down her legs, as Joe continued to slowly thrust into her. Her toes had curled up and her head was now on the bed, biting on the pillow as she felt her orgasm pass throughout her body. It was nothing like what she had ever had before.
As Malla slowly got back to her senses, she stopped Joe who was still slowly fucking her, knowing full well she was enjoying her post orgasm phase. "Stop, I want to ride your big dick now!" Joe pulled out and lied down next to her. She crawled down his front and started sucking his cock to taste her pussy juices. Joe retuned the favour and started licking her literally dripping wet pussy. Malla herself could not believe how wet she was and how well he was doing to keep her that wet. Once Malla had had enough of sucking his cock, she turned around and placed her legs on either side of Joe and grabbed his cock and guided it into her wet cunt once again and slowly sat down on it. "Oh fuck yeah! I love how full you make me!" She realised that her dress was still on her, so she removed it over her head and was now completely naked, facing Joe. She started motioning her hips in a circular motion with his cock deep inside of her pussy and her hands now in her hair just moaning as she continued that motion.
"Oh Fuck Malaika! That's so hot!" Joe exclaimed as he saw this beautiful mature tanned woman, with sweat glistening her naked body devouring his fat cock in her wet pussy.
"You like that? Good! I am going to ride you till you cum hard!" Malla stopped her seductive hip motion and started to bounce up and down his fat shaft. The room was filled with the sound of her bouncing on his cock and his balls slapping up against her ass. Malla started rubbing her clit as she bounced up and down on his fat cock and with each bounce she moaned and moaned louder in pleasure. "Oh god. I can keep your cock inside of my wet pussy all night!" Her tits bounced and jiggled as she increased her fucking speed as Joe also started to grunt with pleasure. "I love how high I need to bounce! It's like riding a horse!" Her body was heaving in pleasure, her tits looked insatiable glistening in sweat and her nipples were erect from how turned on she was. She was a caramel MILF goddess trying to satisfy her nympho desires. Joe couldn't take this anymore and grabbed her waist and starting bucking back into her as she bounced on his cock. Malla screamed in pleasure as she felt him, meeting half-way as they both fucked each other. She rubbed her clit ferociously, knowing full well, she was close to another orgasm! "Fuck FUCK FUCK ME! OH YEAH!!" She stayed still, let his cock drop out of her gushing cunt, as her vaginal juices excreted out on to Joe and the bed. She fell on his legs as her legs shook from the intensity of the orgasm, which she could feel travelling within her body. Joe watched her heaving body, slowly get over the intense orgasm she had just experienced. Her hands ran through her hair and then played with her erect nipples, as little moans escaped from her mouth. "Wow...I am just lost for words...your dick is fucking fantastic! Never felt anything like it!"
After a couple minutes, she got back to her senses, as Malla saw Joe start to get up, but she pushed him back down using her legs. She couldn't believe that he had not busted his nut yet and now she was craving for it! She turned around and went into reverse cowgirl position and knew that her next move will make him blow his load. She guided his pussy juice drenched cock back into her pussy and started twerking her gorgeously pert derriere on his cock. "Oh, fuck that is so hot!" Joe exclaimed as he watched that amazing ass work his cock. He spanked her ass once again and Malla moaned loudly. Her ass cheeks were red from the spanking she had received tonight. Her glistening butt twerking was too much for Joe and knew he was going to blow his load soon. "I'm going to cum soon!"
Music to Malla's ears as she got off him and laid down next to him and said "Cum all over me! Cover me in your cum!" Joe quickly got up and straddled her just in time as he grunted and unleashed his first ward of cum on her taut stomach, then another heavy wad that landed on her tits and another on her tits. She motioned to him to come closer to her mouth and he did just that while squirting more cum onto her face. She took his cock in her mouth and felt more wads of cum hit the back of her throat as she started to suck every last drop out of his cock. Joe just moaned in pleasure as Malla used her plump limps to such his cock like a lollipop and played with his balls, almost trying to squeeze more cum out. Joe had stopped cumming and his cock began to soften. He collapsed next to her, as Malla looked him in the eyes, opened her mouth to show the cum in there, and swallowed that in one big gulp like the cum hungry slut that she was. There was a satisfactory smile that was etched across her face. "That was delicious! And I am mighty impressed by the amount you came! I love it!" She began to scoop up cum from her stomach and tits and swallow that as well, not wanting to waste anything.
Joe got up from the bed and went and got some water to quench his thirst and to get his energy back. Malla watched him walk to the table and admired his tight ass and his well-built body. She also got up and walked to the table and poured herself a glass of water and drank it slowly, maintaining eye contact with Joe. She placed her glass down and walked up close to him, and slowly dragged her index finger down his chest, feeling his abs and finally back to the thing she loved the most, his big fat cock and started to slowly stroke it again.
"Looks like someone is ready for round two!" Joe retorted in a playful manner, as the two maintained this sultry and lustful eye contact.
Malla just licked her lips seductively and tiptoed up to his ear and whispered "Absolutely! Like I said, I want you to fuck me all night!" She grabbed his hand and guided it back to her dripping wet pussy. "You see, she is extremely wet and hungry for your cock. She has just got the taste of it and now she is hungry for more!" This dirty talk was having the desired effect as Joe was now getting hard again, while he played with her wet pussy. Malla had enough of waiting and went down on him took his cock again in her mouth and began sucking him ferociously. She used both her hands to wank him off while using her plump lips to suck his head. She used her tongue expertly, swirling it around his head and his pee-hole, which made him moan loudly. She took as much of his cock into his mouth, deep throating him, but still not able to take his whole cock in her mouth. She bobbed up and down his massive cock, making it nice and wet, using her hands to simultaneously work his cock, using circular and twisting motion. She had only seen pornstars work with something this big and she was just using her memory to play with and enjoy this massive cock. The blowjob was very slobbery now, not that much lube was required given how wet she still was. She was looking up at him as she devoured his cock, her eyes basically saying "fuck me more!"
Joe was now desperate to feel her pussy again, so he grabbed her head and pulled her up and lifted her into his arms and started to walk towards the balcony. Malla got goosebumps, as she knew what he wanted to do. He wanted to fuck her in balcony, so that people could hear Malla moan and curse in pleasure. This exhibitionist nature of this turned her on, and her pussy became even more wet with anticipation. As they arrived onto the balcony, it was very quaint and there was a slight coolness as well, however both of these observations were about to be turned. It was about to become loud and hot! Joe placed Malla on the table outside, where they kissed passionately, as Malla leaned back, she spread her legs as wide as possible into an almost perfect split.
She broke the kiss off and said, "My pussy is waiting for your hard cock to stretch it out! Fuck me!" He moved her closer to the edge of the table, grabbed her neck with one hand and used his other to guide his cock inside of her. He did not need to be gentle with her anymore, she was soaking wet and needed it hard and he did just that and ploughed his cock into her in one strong motion, making her moan loudly. "OHHH YESS! Stretch that tight pussy! Its your pussy for the night! Fuck me!" He was pounding into her very hard, her boobs were shaking vigorously due to the intensity, as Malla was only letting out loud moans of pleasure. Her legs were now in a complete mid-air split, her nipples hard as anything and despite the cool breeze, her body was warm and now sweaty. She moved her one hand down to her pussy and started vigorously playing with her clit. Malla could feel her orgasm building as her body was shaking as Joe ploughed his cock into her wet pussy and kept ramming her hard, making her scream in pleasure repeatedly. Malla was sure that the whole hotel could hear her getting the fucking of her life, but she did not care. She wanted her body to explode into another orgasm.
"Keep going! Take that pussy, its your pussy for the night! Make me explode, I want to explode, I want to...." She trailed off as she felt her orgasm hit. "FUCKK!!!!! WOW!" her body shook vigorously, as Joe slowed down and pulled out of her gushing pussy. She slowly played with her clit, as her pussy slowed its gushing. Joe was already down and had started licking up all her juices and was also rimming her asshole. Malla was just moaning in pleasure and wanted more and did not want this night to end. "I want more! Fuck me more!"
While all of this was happening, Sophie had come back from the club and was staying in the room next to Malla. She took her heels off and unzipped her dress and took off her strapless bra. She grabbed her robe and while putting it on, she opened the door of her balcony. As she opened the door, she was greeted by the moans of pleasure of a woman. She turned her head to the left to see Malla on the balcony table with the guy she was dirty dancing with at the club, getting fucked. She continued to watch until Malla orgasmed loudly. As the man pulled out, Sophie saw the size of his cock and she started to almost salivate and slowly moved her hand down to her pussy and started slowly rubbing it. She watched as he lifted her up and took her to the edge of the balcony and tuned her around so that her amazing ass was facing him, and her tits were hanging off the balcony's edge. He pushed his cock into her, and Malla moaned and he really started pounding her pussy and slapped her ass multiple times, which made her squeal in pleasure. Sophie was now full-on masturbating to the scene in front of her. She sat down on the chair in her balcony, opened her legs, moved her silk thong to one side to reveal her perfectly shaped landing strip and started playing with her wet pussy.
Malla moved her hand down to her clit and started rubbing it while Joe pounded her from behind. Her tits were shaking vigorously as she continued to moan. She saw from the corner of her eye that some people had come out to the balcony and were watching them have sex. "Keep going! Take that pussy! Fuck me like the nympho slut that I am!" She felt her orgasm build again, thanks to the thrill of being watched by random people and Joe's constant smacks on her ass, really helped get her close. Her ass cheeks were red and made her even more horny. There was a man walking down below and looked up to see Malla's perky tits dangling from the balcony and getting pumped from behind. She waved seductively with her non-clit playing hand and even blew him a little kiss. The man smiled and continued to walk, continuously staring up at the gorgeous MILF getting the pounding of her life. Malla turned her head to the balcony above hers to the left, to a couple of men smiling down at the site of her getting fucked. She could make out that they both had got their dicks in their hands and were masturbating. Malla winked at them and smiled at how much she was enjoying being an exhibitionist! The whole situation was too much for her and her orgasm hit her like nothing before. "FUCK ME! I'M CUMMING HARD!" She screamed and squirted more than before, pushing Joe's cock out of her pussy, her body shaking vigorously from the orgasm. She was heaving, feeling the orgasm run through her body, with the cool breeze from the sea cooling her sweat covered body. The man below was still looking up at her and smiled at her and gave her a thumbs up. She turned her head to the left again and saw the men in the balcony also smile wickedly and gave her a thumbs up as well. She just smiled to herself and now wanted to taste Joe's cock, covered in her cum. She turned around and dropped to her knees and started sucking Joe's cock, which made him moan in pleasure.
"Fuck you are so good at sucking cock!" Malla loved to hear that, as she was proud of her cock sucking skills. She had lovely fat lips which were perfect for giving head and she loved using her beautiful hands and her tongue to really give pleasure to men. She took him deeper in her mouth and gagged, yet she still did not have all of him in her mouth. She looked up at him, now using both her hands to jerk him off and said, "I want you to cum in my pussy!" Joe knew he was not going to last long, so he picked her up, her legs wrapped around his waist, as he carried her back inside the room. As he took her inside, Malla saw the men who were watching them from one floor up, get disappointed. Joe took her against the wall, next to her bed and shoved his cock in her wet pussy once more and started pounding her against the wall. "Oh GOD! YES POUND ME!" Malla dug her nails in his back as Joe fucked her like car piston. Her butt and boobs jiggled with each motion of Joe's. He kept fucking her hard for another couple of minutes, as Malla moaned loudly throughout. She was close to another orgasm and so was he.
"Fuck I am going to cum!" exclaimed Joe.
"Yes! Cum inside me! Fill me up with your warm cum! FUCK YESS!" Malla moaned as her orgasm hit and she felt Joe moan as she felt his cum shoot inside of her. The two held their position for a minute as Joe released all his cum inside of her and then they both collapsed on to the bed, panting and drained. Malla moved her hands down to her pussy and scooped out the cum mixture to taste and then crawled to his cock and slowly sucked out every last drop. Joe was now properly drained and knew he could no longer carry on.
"Wow! That was insane. I am fucking tired; you really did drain me!" Malla just smiled and moved up into his arms and laid there.
"Well, I did tell you, it would be a challenge! I like to fuck a lot, but you did an excellent job. No man has fucked me for this long and made me cum so much! I'm glad I met you tonight!" She gave him a little kiss on his cheek and closed her eyes. Joe was already tired and also dosed off.
It was almost 6am when Malla woke up, realised her one-night stand was still next to her sleeping. She didn't want him to stay longer, as Arjun was going to be landing in the morning around 9 and she wanted to clean up before he came. She woke him up and asked him to leave. Joe asked if he could at least shower before he leaves to which Malla agreed. Joe got out of bed and walked into the bathroom. Malla watched his tight butt walkaway, with his flaccid penis swaying, attracting her once more to him. She said she will join him, as she also needed to clean up. The two got into the shower together and started to soap each other up. Joe lathered her back and then her front, while she did the same to him, before moving her hands down to his cock. She lathered his cock but continued to stroke it. He just looked at her and smiled, as his cock started to get hard. He thought to himself, that its true what they say about older women, they are nymphos. "I thought you wanted me to leave?"
"Well, I can't help that you have this big, beautiful cock, which makes me super horny!" She washed the soap off her body, while continuing to jerk him off. He was now fully hard, thanks also to the wonderful site of Malaika Arora naked and wet in front of him. She turned around to face the shower and stuck her butt out and said, "Fuck me one more time please!" Joe did not need a second invitation and shoved his now hard cock up her pussy and started drilling her. "OH yeah! Fuck that tight pussy one last time!" Her tits jiggled with the ferocity of the sex, as she felt his balls slap up against her clit. She moved one hand down to play with her clit as he continued to fuck her. Sure enough, after about 5 minutes of intense sex, Malla climaxed loudly once again, squirting once again, pushing his cock out! "OH, FUCK ME!! WOW!" Malla exclaimed in pleasure. She turned around started sucking his cock, with the same ferocity as he was fucking her with. She wanted his cum and she wanted it in her mouth. She this time took her tits and placed his cock in between them and started titty-fucking his cock. She stuck her tongue out to lick the tip of his cock, as he started to titty-fuck her. The whole situation became too much for Joe and he exploded all over Malla's tits and face. She greedily sucked on his cock to get the last drop and then mopped the rest of his cum and swallowed it.
They finally showered once again and cleaned up properly. After the shower, Joe got dressed and Malla gave him a quick kiss on his lips and kicked him out of her room. She went back to her bed, slipped on her comfy chemise, and got some sleep before Arjun's arrival tomorrow.